08893147a00c9c67f5f50ec846ab4b1f
work today 12-5 : ) idk who with   ???   man i kinda bored   lol  he is in wisconsin!! wow  need to find some time to go watch one of his bball games : )   miss ya <propmale>! hope you having fun
so jealous of joseph   living it up in cali!! geez boy you didn't bring me : ( lol  but i will miss you can't believe you not coming home til june 1st!!! ahhh!!! lol   oh and yesh yesh its true i have my license!! watch out!!! haha   geez <propfirst> your so nic
going running at 8 smile 0 wit me bestest friend!! : )
watch out wyoming i have my license!   lol  work 12-5 today : )   idk who wit its a suprise!   going running tonight wit my girls!!!   seems like i haven't talked to macey in forever!   oh and i also running with cash   the obese dog   who made me fly yes
oh and by the end of the run  cash   the obese dog   realizes he is quite obese and you are pulling him along haha   and your right ag where does he hold all that pee haha   wowzeers   oh and don't forget the shriveled bug in your eye haha   ahhh uhhh ahh
chocolate dipped chocolate chip granola bars are amazing!! : ) yummy!!!   tomorrow my day off  smile  going to the lake with <propfirst> on friday : )
today is my day off   going to try and get all my phone things figured out and get a new one before i die of withdrawls haha   actuallly it not bad i just would rather live with than without haha    can't wait till friday : ) going to the lake wit mr  aus
ugh the whole phone thing is driving me insane!!! lol  but should have a new one that isnt really mine soon lol  i hope it just something with my battery cuz i don't want to deal with anything else haha
 sad  ahhh a squiter bit me on the butt haha   dang it macey i thought you had my back when they were attacking me haha    an ugh that lemonade stuff was really sweet it like a fountain of buzz going through my body haha   wow   hyperish
work 12-5 today   talked to my favorite fish of the sea last night    : ) : ) hehe   have tomorrow off so if anyone wants <propfemale> <propfemale>    : ) well off to get ready for work so i out like a pout lol
it's my day off!!! : ) goin to try and not get sunburnt but get tan!! : ) wooooooo!!! i love this weather   it been so nice here lately   its actual summer weather!! : ) yeye!! shout out to cody   miss you!!! haha hope baggs isn't killing you lol   and <propfemale>
went to the lake today!! : ) it was fun except i floated like all the way to <propfirst> beach and had to swim back to the dock : ( dang it!! haha    n i got to watch this guys boat and suntan in it while he went home it was cool!!   got kinda burnt though on m
work 1-6   hopefully get all the phone stuff tonight when mom home    glad everyone is home    i missed them   even my brother!!!wierd    haha jk jk i love you bud!   shins are hurting : ( blah   oh wells  can't wait for 4th of july weekend!! : ) get to s
just want a phone!!! : (  sad  ugh things are so dang complicated haha   wish phones would just last forever haha   can't wait for the weekend   everyone needs to check out my wicked sunburn lol i couldnt get the sunscreen all the way on so i just slapped it
serenity is b e a utiful!!!    i will be home tomorrow my friends   don't sweat to much and enjoy your 4th : d
coming home today    going running   of course!!! catch me up on all the news of the week : d
im home!!! finally haha
hmmm   thinking is evil to the brain lol
dang it still have my handprint sunburn!   it won't go away lol
i use to be love drunk but now i hungover
kobe is a corn dog!!! lol (tahaha sorry <propmale> but it true)     hmmm
work 12-5 today   don't know who with lol    glad to be back in my hometown of toga! : d even though i miss my cousins : ( (especially serenity) : d lol well got to go get ready yeyey!! lol
going running again : )  smile  lol
i gotta feeling! : d
i gotta feeling woo hoo    that tonight gonna be a good good night : d
"how it goes down     so  i running in the salt lake race wit tat team    and whoa i excited   at first i was kinda like ehh but now that i actually agreed to run wit them i excited  i get tat whole week off because my cousin coming down, then right after "
my day off woooo!!! : ) haha   don't know wat to do now though?? lol  ok so i dont want summer drama mamba jamba so plz stop    its summer for goodness sake people    can you not talk to an old friend without all these accusations geez!
anywho day off   bored to fire lol  going to do a long run tonight just so i know i can make it through the race haha   can't wait for whit to come down : ) : ) : ) memories are to be made! love you all! im out like a pout   chya!
"me + u = one time, when i met cha my heart went knock knock, now the butterflies in my stomach won't stop stop, my fight is your fight   one time : d    good song : p"
today going to be a looooonnnnngggg day lol    work at the shope 1-6 then 6 smile 0 till sometime in the 1-2 am i babysitting for my favorite little ones!!! a k a  <propmale> arthurs grandchildren lol    good memories with these kids   gosh i lovers kids!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
oh by the way    craig have fun on your trip : d     i mucho jealous mister   don't have to much fun without me hahah jk jk   live it up!!
woo!!! babysitting was fun and easy   except   haha one crazy kid   brother has claw marks on his neck and got punched and 3 my fingers are torn up n bleeding didn't know wat to do wit him   he was going nuts no matter wat we said!!but it ok we lasted   o
<propfirst> was a d o rable!! and really smart kid   lol   ahh going to miss them   and little <propfemale> was so cuuttee!!!  and <propmale> and <propfirst> well they my buds!   noel was good and just calm as could be even when her brother like attacked her for no reason  
got off work at 1   work everyday this week going to be a loooonnnggg week   but   next week my cousin is comin here and i have the race in utah!!! : d : d can't wait   just have to get through this week   want to see him : d lol   don't have to much fun 
work 12-5 today    i work everyday this week so i can have the whole week off next week cuz my cousin coming!!! and then i have the race in utah : d   gosh i so excited for everything lol   well going to get ready im out like a pout! : d
blowfish n wrinkles rock the house   haha work was amazing today!!! standing on the counter   hair in the fan   big hooties   and many memories haha : d love you blowfish!!! : d   check out new pics
it not even school n i have to write a biography   these are the times when i realize i have the shortest attention span ever!!! lol
wow it not school so why i writing a biography   young authors is the answer lol
ok so finished the biography after my hour of short attention span lol   now it time to hit the sheets cuz i zonked tired   n i work at 6 smile 0 in the am!! oh boy!!! can't wait for this week to be over! lol  playful  good night sweet dreams peoples!
got off work : d    can't wait till next week to see my cousin!!!   only 2 more days of work phew   gettin very mucho tired   lol  blowfish n wrinkles  love  lol = ]
cousin is coming tomorrow!!! : d    wow in life you can never be sure about anything because being sure is nothing without a risk of knowing   hmmm   just say wat you mean let your walk match your talk n never let your mind get in the way   because once y
concert was fun last night : d   blowfish n wrinkles forever  love     want to go to fair with <propfemale>     = ] cousin coming today !!!!! need to go clean    ya forget the bad things   i going to have an amazing week n no one is going to bring me down    not toda
had allergic reaction to something    neck n stomach have bumpy rash : (     very itchy   dang it!!! lol
it otay   it just sucks i need different meds lol
hike was amazing today : )
leave tomorrow for utah for the race and spend some quality time wit the cuzs   erin you better be kickin some booty in your baseball tournament   and well better be out of that dang boot!! lol    can't wait!!! but whit leaving : (   love ya all peoples!!
im home!!!! utah was really fun : d   a little to hot for my liking though   i felt like the evil witch that melted lol  race was good started out way to fast though n then guy cut me off and i flipped over his back and went boom! lol  wish i could have g
work today : d    think i excited for cross country to start  laugh    just not school blah!!!! miss my utahians   got some friend requests on myspace from some of my teamates we didn't really meet lol    : ] got to have fun with my inner city girl for a coupl
work today : d    think i excited for cross country to start  laugh    just not school blah!!!! miss my utahians   got some friend requests on myspace from some of my teamates we didn't really meet lol    : ] got to have fun with my inner city girl for a coupl
going running : d   day off tommorrow should do double run tomorrow then : d miss my utahians : (
just got back from running in the rain!! : ]    i will be here waiting if you change your mind
day off tomorrow : d    think i should do a double run   new pics check check it out   tired so bout to hit the sheets lol
so much for my double run today    : [ dumbness     i hate doctors but yet i want to be one   ?? who knows lol
going to go get ready then go to the clinic n try to get this figured out : [
work 12-5 today not to shabby : ]       excited to actually be able to run tonight      was to tired n out of it last night : [ blahck lol      last nights thunderstorm was a m a zzzziiinnnnggg!!! tehe well off to get ready for work l8r! : )
home from work : ]       feeling a lot better than yesterday thank goodness!!       work 6 smile 0 in the am tomorrow : [ yuck! it has been quite the chilly day in ol toga town brrrrrrrrrrr    love ya all      !! i out like a pout ! : ]
been a little chilly in good ol wyoming : [ sucks for the tans but hey awesome for the running : ]
"called the cops on the scary hairy, homeless, freaky, end war blogger man      really want to know wat he was bloggin about us      n taking pictures of?? scared for work tomorrow : {       and he left his shorts on our porch ummmm wierd just hope the cop"
wow didn't get like any sleep last night      i hope they do something bout this blogger creep : [       almost scared to go to work      tonight is going to be nervousifying!!!      oh oh <propmale> i used a big word!!! teheh just like you said but yet i do
day off : ]       not doing much just chillin like a villian yall      realized that in life sometimes you have to let things find you      for when you are constantly looking you will never find what you <propfemale>      but when you stop looking and relax wh
work 1-6 or later today : ]       bananas are amazing!!! i was reading about them thanks to <propmale> n i am amazed      n now i have a mego craving for them and we don't have any : [ hmmmmm       must fix this problem but i am not going out in public looki
i love my job!! cuties galor!! haha    hmmm   so bored got off work early cuz it quite a gloomy day n no one wants ice cream : [ hmmm    work the rest of the week : ]
its raining!!! : ] i love it!!! work tomorrow 1-6    met a cool guy today lol    haha funny story but he played it out nice lol    hmmm   think i want to go soak in the hot pool tonight : ]
just fell and got a wonderful bruise all the way across my arm : [ i such a klutz hahah    work today and the rest of the week    dad coming home today then leaving again lol   and my mom soaking up the sun in hawaii : [ dang!!!! lol
well i better go get ready for this wonderfulicious day : ] hehe      maybe if i lucky he will come in again : ] oh boyo    everyone is gone   well dad coming home tonight then just leaving again haha   hmmm    crazy stuff yall!! but i out like a pout!!
cute guy stole my sundae dish : ( lol he used his looks against me!! how cruel lol   and wow i want to know how that kid did his hair today lol   cuz that is not how we do it in wyoming hahahahahehehe    i couldn't keep my eyes off it   his hair was huge!!
enjoying the daily visits of cuties : p lol      except for the one total cutie who stole the sundae dish!!   if i see him again i will get it back haha   hmmm    oh and a lady came asked what is on our salad so i started naming it off n said cheese and she like i can't have cheese then she said i would like a grilled cheese   uhh does that have dairy in it???  i was dumbfounded lol i wonder bout some people lol
"work, work, work, work, work, work, run, work work run, run, work work run run!!! ahhhhhh!!! isn't my life exciting lol    i haven't had a change of my day all summer!! n it makes me really sad that i pretty much wasted my whole summer on the same routine and didn't do anything exciting or fun   except for when my cousin came and then when i went to utah but thats it : [ n now we headed back to school!! : ["
dang go back to school in like week n half : [ this can't happen i haven't done anything fun for myself this summer except when my cousin came n going to utah    : [ everyday i would either work all day then go for a run    or if i had the day off i would run then relax and do nothing cuz my friends were working then i go run again     my whole summer revolved round working n running   idk if i like that : [
legs hurt so bad!!! : [ n my hip    i so so tired had a loooonnnnggg week of work excited to have a day off tomorrow i need it!      i feel like collapsing and just laying where i land for eternity haha
work was soooooooooooo slow lol    we served more food to our employees than customers    : ]       oh and creepy blogger man is finallllyyyyy out of town!    i actually feel safe now  i so excited get to see my new car in 30 <propfemale>!!!! ahhh yeyeyey woo woo!! lol    have morning shift tomorrow yey! dishes baby : p hope that can chill wit my friends at the bullfest : d  9 more days till school starts : [ yucky!! yuckyuck
mom comes home today : )       wow seems like forever cant wait to hear all bout her trip      n can't wait to see my car!! yey!   yesterday was fun   hopefully my friends come down this weekend and will come to the bullfest wit me and my goobers! : ) 8 more days till school : ( ugh i not ready to go back : ( : (
day off!! : ] cross country meeting tonight at six woo! lol n practice starts on monday surprise        nice to have my mom home finally    just got back from the dentist   dannng my teeth feel all wierd like haha   comment new photos : ]       go back to school in 7 days!!! : { i really don't want to go   hopefully this last weekend will be fun though : ]      i  love  the new car : ]
worked today and dannnng we were busy : ] lol  work 12-5 tomorrow can't wait to sill my amazing friends they so cool!!! : ] i almost wish i lived in rawlins lol    start cross country on monday : o       crazy stuff    i don't want to go back to school : [ blahck
"was looking foward to the bullfest : [ but it so rainy and cold yuck!   might just go to the hotpool though that sounds good cuz i freezing!!   or maybe go rent \17 again\"" n gaze upon the amazingly good good goodness of zac efron lol   wooo dannng!! lol    i think that sounds even better than the hotpool   cuz the hotpool no fun alone   but watching zac efron so worth it!! lol : ] i think i know wat i doin tonight  smile """
hmmmm    wish it hadn't been so cold yesterday was really looking forward to hanging wit my friends : [       you know wat i did instead?? lol i slept!!! haha then watched parental control(i addicted to this show it so dumb and stupid but funny) lol
hopefully things work out so everybody can come up on tuesday : ]
cross country practice tonight!!!     hopefully i don't die lol   
survived the first practice lol   wow i really don't want school to start   woo new phone has been ordered n it might be here tomorrow!! yey lol   done with work time to relax for two whole days!! lol    going to laramie for dentist tomorrow n then on to <propfemale> : ]
"survived another air sucking, leg burning, hill climbing, foot stomping, lung burning, water drinking day of cross country : ] woo!!   i not giving up on that championship yet not even close!!!   we going to push to the end    got my new phone and activated online so ya i would greatly appreciate your texts to get your number   it would save me a lot of time  lol gracious!!!"
ok so something went wrong with my phone n lost everyone's number so    ya text me up so i can get your <propfirst> back    n zans i know you texted me but i lost everything after that lol sorry!!! so ya if yall could text me that would be greatly appreciated : ] gracious
lovin the new phone : ] except something went wack and lost all my <propfirst> again : [ blahck so text me so i can get your digits : ] gracious!!    ready for another amazing day of practice lol    get our uniforms tonight : ] woo woo!!!    start schoolt tomorrow! i can't believe it   need to go and get my locker set up sometime today : [
"survived another day out on the road for cross country lol   school starts tomorrow *gulp* hope we got some cool new people and not \original people\"" lol   have a practice wit the footballers and vballers at 6 smile 0 am tomorrow : ( blah idk wat it is even for but watever!   lol    helping with the vball tournament in couple weeks   wooopeeee!!!(sarcastic) lol anywho i off so goodbye my friends : ]"""
survived the first day of my <propmale> yr lol   and also survived another lung burning day of practice lol    wow i can't believe how fast summer went by it stinks!! lol    anywho    hope my brother having a great time at college : ] miss you already <propmale>    love you!!
survived the first week of school!! woo woo lol    excited!   man summer went by way to fast though! lol   man i lovin cross country its way fun  smile  the hardest things in life make us who we are   life cannot be life without some kind of obstacles : ]
wow just barely woke up haha dang i was tired    it's saturday yeyeye!! lol babysit at 7 tonight at the old baldy club : ] money money money haha    actually i excited cuz it two little girls!! : ] i love kids! : ] hmmm     prob should start getting ready for the day lol   love you all i out like a pout!! : ]
worked today : ] not bad not bad at all    not ready to have another week of school already lol    i can't wait for our first cc meet i excited : ] glad <propfirst> finally home    my brother has left the home for another exciting new e playful erience of college week then back again lol    love ya brother    misses my sister : [
woo survived the day : ]       volleyball tourney this weekend *sigh* *yawn* lol    first meet in rawlins september 4th : ] i think i ready!!! : ] can't wait to see my speedy buddies from r-town : ]      golly gee i so very happy today for some reason lol yey haha
happy 11 months <propmale> <propfirst> n macey <propfemale> : ]       love you both to death    you make the greatest couple in the world     : ] golly gee
happy 11 months <propmale> <propfirst> hohnholt n macey <propfemale> malone : ]       you can thank me for having good taste in best friends brother haha jp jp     love ya both  love        n hope to see many more months to come : ] you guys are the cutest couple in the world : ]
survived another day of school : ] lol    tomorrow is thursday then comes the weekend woooooooo!oo!!! lol    i love our 4 day weeks      ready for a meet though lol : ]
woo woo the week is over lol : ] volleyball tourney tomorrow n saturday    : ] wow the guys on our team are crazy messing with those crawdads ewww!!! ahh i hate crawly things yuck yuck ycuk lol    they scare me lol
"wowooowww     flippin little plastic things wit <propfirst> on them for 8 hours was stinky no me gusta!!   and i get to do it tomorrow too! *sigh* lol    but on the bright side i got to see my little men <propfirst> and miley!! haha    and i got to see <propfirst>, and my little want to be like me girly <propfemale> : ] so actually not a bad day    song 'replay\ by iyaz is a m a zing!! lol   txt the cellular   i out!! : ]"""
woo survived another day of volleyball score keeping *sigh* lol    get to go kill myself at the ranch on the run lol    all hills baby!!    can't wait for our meet in rawlins!! woo wooo!!!    going to go do some dang current events : [ blahck
my hip is killing me : [ owwwie    ready for the meet in rawlins on friday   get to see all my friends yey : ]     don't want to go back to school monday lol
finished all homework except algebra 2    takin a little break for a minute been doin to much work lol    hip still killing me today : { ow   back to school tomorrow *sigh* lol    can't wait till friday though first meet of the yr! woo woo!! hope my hip holds up    brother leaving again today lol : [ love ya brother     i out people
in this world there will always be questions but there may not always be answers   so you decide the output   make your own decisions   for in the end that is what matters   your risks your answers make for your questions you live your life by   you decide  love 
in this world there will always be questions but there may not always be answers   so you decide the output   make your own decisions   for in the end that is what matters   your risks your answers make for your questions you live your life by   you decide ?
first meet today in rawlins : ] : ] i excited but way nervous   just hope all this summer training paid off!!    want to make up for things that didn't happen last yr  you know??   well we will find out today i guess    hmmmmm     love 
heading off to go to sinclair   first meet of the yr  baby!! wooo nervous but excited   wish us luck   can't wait to see jorae and <propmale>!! and the g-parents yey!! : ] l8r everyone xc off to kick some bootay!! : ]
"got 8th not as well as i hoped i would do but it was our first meet   just have to go from there    it was extreme hot   so hot they were spraying us with hoses hahaa    but anywho good job today panther xc first meet out of the way we kicked some bootay and we are off to rock springs next friday : ]       and remeber panther's 3 <propmale> tomorrow, sunday off, 4 <propmale> monday, practice n kick some bootay!! : ]"
sister and brother home for the weekend!! woooooooooooo!! hehe    happy to have the whole family home : ]       going running later tonight then catching my sister up on a few things hehe     ready for rock springs   well once the soreness in my legs goes away haha then bring it on!! lol
finished all my homework except algebra 2 !! wooo hahaha   my hip hurts ahh : [ day off from running    goin out to the ranch wit the familia later : ]
grrr     internet n phones were down : [ but finally workin again!! yey hehe
hmmmm     i want some spaghetti      its deliciousy goodness in noodle form!!! mmmmmmmmm : ] i am out! i going to get some spaghetti!! haah : d
tonight is a good night : ] !!!!    don't want to go back to school tomorrow    : [ blahck but hey on the bright side i only have 3 days of school this week!!!    can't wait for the meet friday : ]       just not to excited bout conditioning for practice this week    *sigh* oh well got to do it or else the best will never be the best   
wow i way tired out!!    feel like i gettin sick : [ vitamin c here i come!! lol    think i caught it quick enough   pre- meet tomorrow thank goodness!! can't wait for rock springs    going to go and get some sleep i going to fall asleep on the keyboard lol    hope <propfirst> feels better soon!! : [      
"we don't have to try to think the same thoughts, we just have a way of knowing everything is going to be ok    this life is hard no doubt   but don't stop living cuz that one will come along to your side and help you along   life will be amazing wit him on the ride : ]  love "
5th place 22 surprise 5     not horrible   hope to keep dropping the times : ]     have to go run 5 <propmale> at the ranch today : [ *sigh* oh well need to work on the hills for state!
yuck yuck yuckity yuck!!! hating the weather : [
xc bbq today : ] woooooooooooooo!!! tackle frisbee here we come lol   i  love  this day!! lol     hmmm   kinda chilly but i still want to go fishing!! hehe    hmmmmmmm      i hate wind   excited for <propfemale> <propfemale> this coming weekend! also the young authors banquet 1st in poetry babay!!! oh well i out! l8r gators
my ears hurt : [ lol    hmmm good day good day
had an amazing day : ]     can't wait for <propfemale> <propfemale> friday!! woooooooooo!!!     really don't want to go to school : [ blahck : p hmmm   had fun wit the team they are my stunnas : ]  love  smell like horsies!! yucky!! haha
not a bad day : ]    why does xc get the short end of everything?? ugh makes me mad sometimes   whatever!!   we get state champs and yet!! they have a bigger article on someone losing by forever points!! gah one day one day we will be that big front headline
people just calm down lol   i not sayin xc is better tahn anyone i just saying we are showered on and not really appreciated like all the other sports are   and we deserve to be!
wish this week was over and we were on our way to <propfemale> <propfemale>!!! school school practice lol    need to mix it up a bit its such a predictable pattern!   *sigh* :         la de da     my ankles are very sore lol running on millions of rocks and sand ehhh :   killl!! lol   i  love  my xc team : ] de family to me!! except got kinda scared when <propfemale> was running after us to the car today    lol
"tomorrow is thursday!!! : ] premeet baby!!    ran the \dead skeleton\"" hill today for practice wasn't to shabby : ]      the name larwrence n i made up cuz on the way out there there was a animal skull so ya haha  and seeing how evil the hill is we decided to name it lol    can't wait for <propfemale> <propfemale>!! : ]"""
15th     21:16 *sigh*    oh well
<propfemale> <propfemale> was fun!! as always : ] hehe   had fun catching up wit the friends tonight   really tired going to go get some sleep i out yall
so maybe it's truean't live without you    mabe two is better than one but there so much time to figure out the rest of my life and you already got me coming undone and i thinking two is better than one   i remember every look upon your face      cuz when i close my eyes and drift away i think of you and everything is ok i finally now believing    this could be something
so maybe it's true i can't live without you    maybe two is better than one but there's so much time to figure out the rest of my life and youalready got me coming undone and i thinking two is better than one     i remember every look upon your face   cuz when i close my eyes and drift away i think of you and everything is ok    i finally now believing   this could be something  love 
la de da!! making a playlist for our meet! woo    can't wait!! it been so chilly but the weather is going to clear for our meet!! woo woo golly gee i hyper and happy!! haha    i hope this whole knee thing goes away   just thinking positive is all i can do right now  annoyed 
can't wait for our meet friday!! : ]       hmmm fruit snacks are yumilicious hehe    going to get some sleep t2u all l8r : ]
home meet today!!! : ] woo lets kick some bootay girls!! and dominate the hoedown throwdown dance i will be teaching you when i get there! haha love my teamates they rockers my shoes off (or at least gonzos haha)   they always know how to bring me back on my feet   thx guys  love 
"oh oh    and good luck to all smhs athletes   in their games matches this weekend   show them wat we got! \ ]"""
"1st at home meet : ] 22 surprise 5 way slower than last yr  but oh well just got to keep building up and working hard  had fun day wit the team and hanging wit <propfirst> : ]     bring on another week!! \ ]"""
miss my <propfemale> : [   *sigh*   ran at the ranch today fun but tough!   first place at the home meet woo!!    ready for us to go kick some bootay in wright then on to state ladies   !! lets take it again!
doing fun fun fun current events : p blahck   going to get pics taken tonight    glad this weekend went slow but i am still not ready to go back to school yet haha   just couple more weeks and state here we come!
la la la de da   haha finished my current events for the week!! woo don't have to worry bout them this weekend now yey haha it feels good to be ahead : ]
"the horse has a mind of its own so he chooses the alternative   he adds his own twist   he may be ridin a four wheeler but he still sweeps me off my feet?      lol    cody <propfirst> swanson your crazy! \]"""
"good day good day : ]   can't wait going to have an amazing weekend wit my girls vanilla chip and french nilla!! : ]   haha today wasn't to bad   just sick people stay away lol i have like 25 days till state and i need every practice i can get   sickies stay back haha    meet in wright then going to <propfemale> wit <propfirst>!!! \ ] goin to be an amazing weekend! love """
r i p  grandma    : [
r i p great grandma bromley and great uncle <propmale>    : [ you will be missed   thank you for everything! god will guide you to where u belong in heaven : [
heading out tomorrow and goin to have some mall time wit vanilla chip and french vanilla!!! : ] then race saturday in wright : ]   then coming home and hanging wit <propfirst>   !! going to be a good weekend! happy birthday dad!!   r i p great grandma bromley : [
heading out!! woo    going to have an amazing weekend wit my girls vanilla chip and french vanilla : ]    meet on saturday in wright!! let's kick it girls!!!   get to see <propfirst> saturday : ] woo!!! i gotta feeling this weekend is going to be amazing!!! girls and gals don't forget 12 smile 0 high school to run don't forget to bring towels and such no stinky people on the bus!!! lol   r i p great grandma bromley
life is a roller coaster   let go and have fun   bud don't scream to loud there are old ladies below   hahahahahhaehhehehe
life is a roller coaster   let go and have fun   but don't scream to loud there are old ladies below   hahahahahhaehhehehe
one more current event to do   one more pic to find and one more title to print off for <propmale> immigration and i am done for the night!! woo haha   excited to see <propfirst> tomorrow and to check out the colleges   hopefully i find the one for me!! : ]   practice wasn't to bad actually we did 12 hills and we killed em!! nervous but way excited for state hope i stay healthy :  
meet today in <propfemale>    hopefully we don't freeze!!! lol   let's show em how the saratogians do it!! woo hehe   girls keep healthy and work hard cuz we have state coming up in two weeks and i think we can dominate it!!keep up the good work galies : ]   oh and male figures keep those abs haha : ]   did you know <propfirst> and <propmale> have abs!! well they do!! : ] haha
we frrrrooooozzee our bootay's off at the meet today    good job today gals and male figures lol   didn't feel to hot today : [ yucky   feeling better now though thank goodness   i have like no voice : [ haha    la de da haha   so bored and cold lol
yesterday was insane!! and extremly freeeziiinnnnggg!! haha   dislikin the snow right now : [ blahck   not exactly the funnest thing to run in : [   feel way lazy today    but that ok    already ran so just relaxin   hip is geezin killin me today : [ still don't feel 100% good   i have energy just can't eat much witout : p lol
"yuck snow : [ blahck haha   hope <propfirst> did freeze to bad hunting today   *sigh* today wasn't a very exciting day lol   just sat round, slept and ya that bout it   it was kinda nice relaxin   but still don't feel great : [   but i still have a lot of energy and everything but i just feel achy and nausious"
oooopppppsss sorry <propfemale>    i meant i hope you didn't freeze oops sorry : [ i feel bad haha   thx <propfemale> for letting me know haha   oh gosh
how is it possible to be sick but hyper   ?? lol    i feel reallly achy urgh   better to get this now then the week of state though    
fashion show haha   they said jewelry and handbags but when we got there we found out we were going to be wearing $2500 fur coats!! lol   if those pics go in the paper i will be humiliated lol we looked like eskimos lol   oh boi lol it was fun though   something i will never forget haha   and i doubt i will ever be wearing a $2500 coat again in my life haha! geez
homecoming week!!! ya ya baybay!!! we going to kill it!!!   hopefully lighting of the v works tomorrow night lol   state next week   lets get the back-to-back ladies!!   haha today was great ey <propfemale>?? haha wat is this world coming to lol
lighting of the v tonight @ 7 smile 0 woooo lol   for once we will actually be sorta warm lol   homecoming week lol yeyy!!! spending most of the day in <propfemale> tomorrow : [ oh joy!! haha   la de da   hope the weather stays good throughtout the week   want to see <propfirst>  smile     simulated race this weekend and state next lets get the back-to-back girls!! : ]   well off to see the glorious v lighting   i out like a pout yall!
hmmmm   fairytale day tomorrow   thinking of wat to wear or if i should even dress up lol *sigh*   la de da   was bout to cry today if one of our girls walked off    without one we are none    : [   glad she worked past it and stayed   so homecoming is pretty l a m e haha hope the dance is fun lol
sophomores and their spray paint geezz!!!! lol    anywho excited for tomorrow!!! don't know why just think it will be fun lol    and totally going to go all out for the vball game   isn't that right <propfemale> #2 haha   going to be fun fun fun!! hehe      excited for the dance : ]
holy shucks!!! tomorrow is thursday shhhhweeett!!!
wow interesting hog games tonight lol    get well soon <propfirst>!!! : [   have to get bottom braces tomorrow : [ sucky!!! : [   simulated race then off to cheer on the vball girls then xc partay!! woo woo!! lol   
teeth hurt like crazy : [ grrrr   it is an achy feeling that never goes away    and yey i get to live of yogurt for the next week!  annoyed       lol  dance tonight!! state xc on the 24th so get your bootay's up to <propfemale> and support : ]    let's get the title girls!!!! love ya nilla chip and french vanilla put your all out their and lets get this back-to-back : ] !!!
mouth is all torn up : [    state on saturday   if u are sick you can get me sick all you want around 1 smile 0 saturday but anytime before that nooo!!! lol   going to be an easy week so we need to get pumped up and get our minds set on that state title babay!!!! woo    let's do this girls i believe in you- back-to-back   good teams become great ones when they trust each other enough to sacrafice the me for the we  love 
guess what tonight is??? monday night football baybay!!! go broncos!! : ] lol    getting nervous but pumped for state on saturday   nice to know that no matter how things turn out i always got my team wit me and that is all that matters!!! love ya nilla chip and french vanilla!!! remember good teams become great ones when they trust each other enough to sacrafice the me for the we  love 
"took quite the spill today on the bridge  banged up my hip, leg, and elbow   looks like i got attacked by some type of vicious animal haha    just glad it will be healed here in a couple days and that it is nothing serious!! scared me half to death   ready for state  just hope the girls are 2 we need everyone to be mentally prepared  the physically prepared part is already taken care of   all we have to do is race  love "
"wish it was friday already!!!  just want to be on the road up to <propfemale> already   nothing is impossible it is just the idea of training hard and knowing that when it comes down to it your ready to push yourself to the limits and see how big a heart ya got   and to run a race that you won't look back on and regret but to look back on and say \now that's how we do it in toga\"" : ]  love """
"leave for <propfemale> tomorrow!! woooo : ] nothing is impossible it is just the idea of training hard and knowing that when it comes down to it your ready to push yourself to the limits and see how big a heart ya got   and to run a race that you won't look back on and regret but to look back on and say \now that's how we do it in toga\"" : ] ?"""
took 2nd place!! and danggg it was <propfemale>!! lol    and after the dq'ing of pine bluffs runner our girls got our back-to-back!!!!!! we did it girls     we accomplished our goal   and congrats boys on your 2nd place finish and <propmale> congrats on your all-state    thanks everyone for the great season    love ya all!! also thx to the football and vball people for the suprise at the school!    man i sore haha
brrrrrrrrrr    i needed to get out and run i was going crazy!!   so i did and i froze!! lol    it was quite chilly so then i decided hot chocolate is my best friend!! cuz it is deliciousness full of goodness chocolatey in your mouth!! and best of all its warmmmm!! : ] hehe wow full of things going on this weekend    nothing extremely exciting either   except for once i get to sleepppp innn!!! oh man can't wait  playful   love 
grrrrrrrrrrrrr!!! lol    i miss him : [ *sigh* i hope i get to see him soon!   going to go on a run tomorrow!!   concert was fun tonight   man i love my little chubbie bunnie (macey) lol   she amazes me    we going to rock it up tomorrow : ]   haven't had a chica gangsta day in awhile    sad : [ love you chubbie bunnie!!    n man i hating this cold weather yuck!!!    loving the hot chocolate though : ]
grrrrrrrrrrrrr!!! lol    i miss him : [ *sigh* i hope i get to see him soon!   going to go on a run tomorrow!!   concert was fun tonight   man i love my little chubbie <propfemale> (macey) lol   she amazes me    we going to rock it up tomorrow : ]   haven't had a chica gangsta day in awhile    sad : [ love you chubbie <propfemale>!!    n man i hating this cold weather yuck!!!    loving the hot chocolate though : ]
miss him so much!!!! grrrrrrrrrr i really want to see him this weekend   just don't know how to meet up with him     annoyed  *sigh* i hate this nasty weather yuck!!!   goin to try and have some fun tonight with my chubby bunnie instead! : ]   
don't get to see him : [ *sigh*    so i guess i going to do my homework today and put together goody bags   hopefully i do something fun tonight    i wish we were still in xc and had a meet today cuz i gettin pretty chubby eating all this food and not being able to run it off haha
i am a pirate garrrr!! : ]   everyone loves a good pirate lol   i really hate black nail polish though    i not goth!! haha   happy halloween!!
last night was pretty fun!!! : ] <propmale> with my chubby bunnie : ] hehe   i miss him so so much!! hope to see him soon!!   woo the homework is so close to being finished just have like 2 easy problems left in algebra!!   teachers felt like giving us a lot to do this weekend to stay out of trouble haha  
tomorrow is thursday!!! yey!!! haha    what to do this weekend???   wanted to see <propfirst> but he has youth convention all weekend *sigh* lol   hmmmm   i guess i will just chill at home and shoot some hoops and run : ]  love 
remember the past as a reminder   but look at the present and the future as somethng you will never forget love 
not feeling so great  annoyed     i hate being sick    it destroys everything!! haha    i hope it goes away soon
remember the past as a reminder   but look at the present and the future as somethng you will never forget?     not feeling so good   i hate being sick  annoyed 
the present will soon become the past   the past will soon be out of sight and forgotten no memories will survive   however the future will always be the future   what you do today to make the best of the worse is where you will get the final output   the final answer to this world that is what you make it love 
yyyyyeeeeeesss!!!! mrs  miller is letting me do title ix for my history day project : )   yey!!!!   changed the life of many woman athletes throughout the ages!!supporting title ix!!
feeling better : ]    still not 100% but getting there   best thing about getting sick is you feel so great when it is over lol    la de di la de dum hahaha   already done with the first day of the week yeyy!! hehe   hmmmm   laaaa     hhaaa   good luck <propmale> this weekend!! kick bootay while i freeze mine off in my toga ahaha
woo tomorrow is thursday!! this week went by fast i love it!! haha   2 months with <propfirst> on friday : )   then get to see him saturday wooooooooooo! haha   la de da   i wish i never got sick   i lost all my energy    i need to run some this weekend cuz bball starts monday!! woot woot hahah : p
still got a cough :   won't this sickness ever go away!! geez!!!! lol   it better be clear for monday cuz bball is starting wooooooooo!!    2 months with <propfirst> today : )   he suppose to come tomorrow but seeing as there is like a million feet of snow! grrr growl blah   prob not going to happen :    hope i get to see him over thanksgiving : )
wooooo!!! get to see <propfirst> today : )   and i figured out how to put music on my phone yey! haha    now i can jam wherever i go : p lol   well going to eat at <propfirst>'s bbq yummyyy!! better go get ready for the day and clean! la de da let's get this day going    i'm loving it   like mcdonald's hahah  love 
"woooo get to see <propfirst> in a little bit : )    jammin to the musica on my cellular device!    just got done eating at the wolf with my faja   spicy fries are amazing!!! lol   everything looks so pretty with the snow   except i not likin the cold : p   good luck <propmale>, slade, <propfirst> and <propmale> in your race today   kick bootay boys : ]   but i going to clean my room    l8r! love "
had an amazing night with cody   all though we did fall asleep haha    dang hotpools knock you out haha   hope he gets home safe   i can't wait to see him again   already miss him : p    love 
had an amazing night with <propfirst> : ]   i can't wait to see him again   miss him already  playful    but he is home safe now so i going to crash! lol   today is the beginning of forever : )  love 
last night was amazing!!   can't wait to see him again : )   miss him already     and to make it all better my zansy did amazing in his race!! woooooooooo congrats <propmale> on making it to the nxn!!! : )   it was all that backwards talk and the cheering in my toga in the snow saying weeeeeeeee and well also because his feet are like madmen haha : p   congrats again <propmale> that's awesome : )
last night was amazing!   miss him already  love    this has gotta be the good life : ) this could really be the good life     we have this feeling that we can't fight   and to add the the whip cream and nuts to my sundae of a life my zansy made it to nxn!!! woooooooo congrats! or in our case should i say stargnoc! hehe : p   so proud of him and his madmen feet : )
: { worst night of my life    i never do anything right : [
don't know what to do   don't know where to go    i feel so lost in this world i don't know   please someone just show me the way  love 
why does everything go so great   only to fall apart in the end??? love 
ok people    <propfirst> n i broke up    it hurts    i crying   can't sleep   end of discussion    its over    : [
we lie to ourselves to try to make everything seem ok    we have distractions   but when i sit here and think it over   i know it just a lie to keep me on my feet   truth is i not ok   not even close  love 
gotta love sports people!! everything just goes away : ]   nothing matters just the ball in your hand and the craze to make that one shot or that one move    everything going to be ok    i always have my friends ( who are amaziiiinnng) and of course the familia  love 
practice tonight  playful    green river was actually kind of fun : ]  la la la la la  playful  tehe
"practice tonigh  playful    green river was actually kind of fun  smile  la la la la la  playful    tehe   lawrence n i r crazy!!  that was one of the funnest, smelliest,burniest bus trips ever haha    salt in your eye and nose hurts! just for everyones info haha   oh boi  and tunnels make cartoon pics hahaha oh boi today was good : )  love "
"you know what?? i going to be okay : ]    i have my whole life left, i shouldn't waste it just sitting here waitin for something that will never happen    there a lot of fish in the sea : ]  love "
today seems really loooooonnnnnnnngggg haha    ya like that haha
la la la la haha : ] how many licks to the center of a tootsie pop?? one may never know   haha
i love my brother!!!  love  : )
did you know <propfemale> <propmale> had six toes    well now you do lol
"there is a law on the books of detroit, michigan that states that \alligators may not be tied to fire hydrants \"""""
dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush   ewwww right???   glad my toothbrush is in my room lol
"the main library at indiana university sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building "
donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes 
can't wait to head out to be with my family!!! : ]   ready to see everyone again : ]   things   plans changed but there no use sitting around waiting for something that will never happen    take life by the hand and keep on walking   no matter where life goes someone will always be there to keep you on your feet  love 
"happy turkey day!!! : ) get to see all my cousins, my beautiful little serenity and of course the bro and sis : )   gotta love family     i got stuck on the itty bittyl wittle little couch haha but its ok it was actually kinda comfy hehe : )    never want to go back to toga     but i should cuz if i don't then i will keep eating and if i ever wanted to get out of here in the future i would need a crane haha : p  love "
man i feel chubby haha   so much foooooddd!!!! lol
think i might go on a run today    i feel chubby haha   
practice tonight     *sigh* i am so worn out ahah    all my cousins kept me busy haha   and dang i swear i gained 200 million pounds hahaha    bball tourney in <propfemale> this coming weekend woooo!!! : )
la de da de da!!   boom shakalaka!!!    : )   back on your feet   feeling good   : p  love 
woooo so glad this school week is over!!! *phew* lol    now it is bball time : } chhhya!!! : p    dinner @ coaches tonight boomya!
had a good weekend   good job girls! : ]    my tailbone hurts like crazy    i barely slept last night :   blahck
had a good weekend with the girls   got a win under our belt in the first weekend wooo!! : ]   tailbone hurts like crazy   idk wat to do  i barely slept last night couldn't get comfortable  annoyed  blahck
so frustrated with injuries right now!!!    all i want to do is play but there is always something holding me back : [   dumb tailbone hhhhhheeealll!!!
practiced today    a little sore but going to have to get use to it   going to be like this for awhile   can't wait to play some games yo!!
"tailbone hurting from practice :   i am so bringing my squishy pillow to sit on tomorrow haha    play <propfemale> and encampment this weekend wooo!! : ]    i am totally hating this weather   wind, snow, and extreme coldness= yuck!! lol    <propmale> and <propmale>  playful   love  haha"
tailbone a little sore but it is game day!!!! : ]    play <propfemale> come and support!   heading to the school to finish up some things for the game real quick    then it in the zone time haha    i am really hating this extreme coldness that is overtaking our little town lol   i am out   oh wait <propmale>  love  's <propmale> : ] lol
"woo won both our games this weekend    good job girls i love ya!!   tailbone hurts but oh well i living just ready to play some more games! lol    play baggs, southeast and pine bluffs wooo!!! : ]  love "
"broken butt, bruises on every inch of my body and a black eye  it all can only mean one thing   it's basketball season baybay : ] 3-2 and ready to domintate this coming weekend : ] boom shakalaka!  love "
christmas concert was fun lol   choir rocks your lungs out haha   this week is going by fast and i am looooooviiiinng it!!!    because we have 3 bball games this weekend wooo!! : ]   oh oh and sour skittles are amazing but hurt my tongue : [   can't wait for spanish tomorrow!!! i get to <propmale> lebron <propfirst>!! ahhhhhhhhhhh  love 
sore!!!  annoyed    bruises everywhere!! lol   got tackled and crawled over haha   almost done with homework just have the choir boe left!! phew! lol   want to be on break already!
wooo almost christmas!! : ] it's good to have my bro and sis home   i missed them mucho much!!    half a day tomorrow and no practice wooppp!!   probably going to try and run a bit   hopefully i don't die haha
stayed up with my sis till 4 smile 0 last night   one tree hill is addicitive what can we say ahaha    naughty naughty and smiling babies  love 
christ<propfemale>s was a<propfemale>zing!! : ) dyed my hair tonight   looks quite different   its a little light but it actually not to bad : )   except it smells quite strong from the dying stuff a <propfemale> boogerness   the cell phone <propfemale> was looking after me lol   however my phone didn't get ruined in the snow drift after an hour and half   no one <propfemale>y ever know lol *phew* close call!   well i hitting the hay in my monkey robe hehe : p  love 
wooo!    just got back from shooting some hoops at the gym : ) felt good to run some of that christmas food off haha    dyed my hair last night   looks quite different : p   suprised my phone still works after being in a snow drift haha    i am so bored   blahck!!   can't wait for new years!! : )  love 
"\sometimes you have to believe before you can see\""   i don't know what to do or say   nothing is going to take his pain away   i'm so sorry lance   i know he was pretty much a brother to you   please don't blame this on yourself he would never want you to   he might not be here physically but he is always going to be looking over you   may your cousing rest in peace  sad   love """
can't wiat for tonight!!! lol   going to be so much fun woo!!! lol   just got back from practice it was fun   might have another black eye from some people ahahha but i need to go shower   everyone have a wonderfulicious new year   love ya all  love 
"it's too cold here for this girl!   you know its sad when you have to go to bed with sweatpants, a sweatshirt, crazy socks, and gloves on hahah  playful  gotta love wyoming   sorry but can't wait to get out of here  although prob going someplace colder haha"
back to school tomorrow? yaaaa : ( : ( ehhhhick!  don't want to go back  i loved break   felt nice to relax lol   oh well indoor starts : ) visit to concordia soonnn!!!turn 18 in like 3 months and graduate in 5 months!! woooo class of 2011 bayyybaby  love  and above all that i have an amazing boyfriend  love 
"so sore    swollen arm, hip, and knee   and also a million other bruises lol    i really tired and worn out   *sigh* another week of school starting tomorrow ughhhhh!!! lol"
"just ready to play some more ball this weekend!!   survived the first day of the week phew!!!   just a little bit longer!    today was a pretty good day ; )   \wait whats your name??\"" dexter    dexter <propfemale> hohnholt    now step away and let me through the ropes to caesars palace lol  playful   love """
one who works will win even in a loss   one who slacks e playful ects to win without a challenge but never sees the final results  love     i know we lost girls but we worked hard till the end and to me that is a win in itself!    love you all and don't worry this season isn't over yet : ) let's show all that doubt us that we can play with anyone!
"they're not messing around  before they build it up, they gotta tear it all down  gotta lift up, and toss it, and do it again   they won't stop till they say when   'cause when they train, they train from bottom to top   make no mistake, the girls came to wreck shop!  my training is d3l!c!ou$ and a little bit m@l!c!ou$!!  love "
wow :  
"people don't lie, high school does go by fast   so my advice to the youngins out there appreciate the time you have right now because if flies by   you may get angry cuz you cant do anything and you feel like your parents hate you   trust me when you get out in the real world your going to wish for all that back   you will want protection and someone to tell you what right from wrong is  love "
what do you call a sheep with no legs?!?! a cloud!!! bahahahaha : )   not such a bad day after all lol  love 
"cheesecake cheesecake cheesecake ch33$3c@k3 is amazing!!!! : p yummy lol   practice was fun today haha   finally doing ok on my free throws and our whole team is become pretty good \hookers\"" haha   man i am really going to miss basketball   i love my girls!!  love """
so close!!!! ugh   lol   i think i have enough injuries to last me a lifetime haha   i am digging the swollen knee and my triple elbow haha  good job this weekend l@dy p@nth3r$!!! love you all!!!  love 
"go hard today  can't worry bout the past cuz that was yesterday  im gonna put it on the line cuz its my time   if you are with me let me hear ya say \my time\""   come on l@dy p@nth3r$ we are not done fighting!!  love """
*sigh* homework    :   n i hate being sick!!!   good job today girls : ) love ya!!
wow almost track season    : 0   wow its almost my senior yr  wow wow wow people weren't lying high school does go by fast    this calls for some <propmale> trainage this summer   class of 2011 lets go out with a bang!!!   we will be some they never forget boom shakalaka!!
hope <propfemale>'s surgery went good : )   keep her in your prayers cuz her and i need to go out with a ba ba bannnngg!!!   hurt the ankle today   poop   haha oh well better now then regional time   that what i have to say about everything now a days haha   love all my girls : )
lost by one yesterday   *sigh* i don't know what we are doing wrong   oh well   keep your heads up girls   let's just give it all we have the last couple weeks and dominate at regionals!!! : ) love ya all   oh oh oh   he has me going crazy! : ) in a good way   what a cutie  playful   love 
hmmm   i am going crazy but not out of insanity   its amazing : )   does age matter? hmmm   it just feels right that all i know : )  love 
"he has me falling with every step, stumbling with every word, dreaming late at night, smiling like nothing is wrong   lets prove that age can be overcome   because we both know all we really want is to be together : )  love "
good luck today tate : )   wish i could be there : (   can't wait to hear how he did   practice today then partying it up at coaches house : p  love 
"all your life you are told the things you cannot do  people will say youre not good enough or strong enough or talented enough; they will say youre the wrong height the wrong weight or the wrong type to play this or be this, achieve this  they will tell you no, a thousand times no, until all the nos become meaningless  all your life they will tell you no, firmly and very quickly  and you will tell them yes   love "
stupid phone : ( lol   better not have made me miss his call id be sad : (   i hope he doing good   i wish i was there!!!   *sigh* hopefully see him tonight : )
who's the champion??? tate : )   wish i could have been there to watch him   congrats hon : )   so ready to play today   could barely sleep   making the warm up then going to get ready  let's get a win today ladies   we need it : )   love ya all!!!  love 
wooo mann   i was just lovin that floor tonight haha   not to excited to see all the suprises i will find in the morning from it hahah   so glad i got to see and <propfemale> with him for awhile he is beyond amazing  smile    wish i was with him right now though   everything hurts lol   so proud of him for taking the gold! : ) and <propfemale> in there girls we not done yet!  love 
if we wanted your input we would have asked    golly people just don't get it sometimes   grrrrrr
sometimes the greatest things come from the une playful ected : )  love 
how long is his phone taken away for   an hour   a week a month   forever!! hahah at least thats what it feels like   have to go whirlpool and die of hypothermia and watch my foot slowly fall off and i have no one to txt my foots final words haha    he is amazing can't wait to go to school tomorrow so i can see him : )  love  really want to go to guernsey now   sounds so much fun!!
talking to him   even though he should be doing homework from my dad's class : p   he is amazing even though he a cruel child hahah   now i have no one to talk to or txt geez hon!! lol   can't wait for this weekend   want to make a name for the senior girls!!   can't believe season almost over : ( i loved every minute of it though well except the floor haha   leaving wednesday!!   got to stay focused  love 
haha yesh i have deformed hands   especially hands    don't make fun haha   i can't help it : ( hahahahaha   can't wait to leave wednesday for regionals just going to really miss a certain someone while im gone : p   hopefully come home with some wins : )   wow im getting way nervous and my ankle kills   praying im ready to play!!   gotta play for our seniors   new season new game lets show em its our time now!!!  love 
"i am nervous and my ankle hurts but i can't wait to leave wednesday for regionals and be with my girls : )   however i am going to miss a certain someone while im gone : (   hopefully we can come home with some wins : )    its a new season, new game, lets show em how we do! its our time now!!! : )  love  gotta stay focused on the games all week  love "
"ugh   i'm frustrated, upset, in pain   and just down right gahhhh   just want to talk to my babes : (   i excited to leave tomorrow but also scared and sad"
wow been nervous like all day but nerves just calmed a little   found out my babe going to be there : )   ready to leave tomorrow but not looking forward to morning practice : ( lol   i love my girls they the best and haha my brother is amazing : ) hahahahahah   hope to see him again soon   making shirts wit <propmale> tomorrow yey!!  love  should prob go pack :   and get some sleep   please feel better ankle lol  love 
wow been nervous like all day but nerves just calmed a little   found out my babe going to be there : )   ready to leave tomorrow but not looking forward to morning practice : ( lol   i love my girls they the best and haha my brother is amazing : ) hahahahahah   hope to see him again soon   making shirts wit <propmale> tomorrow yey!!  love  should prob go pack :   and get some sleep   
wow    i can't believe basketball is actually over : (   i guess it track time now    so glad i got to see my <propfemale> this weekend   he is amazing : )   i miss him already : (   muah!  love    homework time
had a great day with my babe : )   he is amazing   just wish it didn't have to end lol   he even though he hit me in the face multiple times trying to steal it  the little poop haha he even stuffed me but i made a 3 in his face so it evened out haha : )
went running today   not to bad   just crazy to think that it is track season already and soon i will be playing my last high school sports    weird   high school goes by so fast!!   we only have like 3 months till the end of school!! golly geee!!!   going to illinois!! woooo : )  love 
"illinois here i come : )   haha    can't wait   we fly out thursday so i can go see my amazing brother : )   gah i miss him : p   however, i goin to miss someone else while i'm gone though   but its like 5 days i can do it   i think haha   plus he loves it there so i know he wants me to have fun : p    wow 3 months of school left crazy!! and my bday coming up woooo : )  love "
"had a great time in illinois : ) going to miss it there but it nice being home in my own bed and finally getting to see him again : )  love     first day of practice wasn't too bad  can't wait for our first meet!!   so ready lol  >well off to do some thing people call \homework\"" :   blahck   missed you all and love ya!!"""
"had a great time in illinois : )   loved seeing my bro and watching him run : )   going to miss it there but it nice being home sleeping in my bed and finally getting to see him again : )  love    first day of practice today   wasn't too shabby got to run wit my running <propmale> purple armadillo <propfemale> again : ) missed her!!  can't wait for the first meet!! off to do some thing people call \homework\""  annoyed  blahck   """
ehhhhh   don't feel so great : (   can't wait for the meet on saturday    im scared but ready to start competing again!!! : )   but before that looks like gatorade and orange juice and some meds are going to be my best friends for a couple days : ( *sigh*   on the bright side though i finally went and got my full license!!! : ) woooooo!! : )
i can't wait till this whole history day thing is over!!! it is so sttttrrrreeessfuul!! lol   hope the meet doesn't get cancelled saturday i actually kinda ready to go compete again!   hmmmmmm   lonng day blah haha
" love  all it takes is all you've got   and tomorrow remeber to ask yourself \am i going to be good or am i going to be great today\""  love        forget about the past for that was yesterday now watch your back cuz were on our way for to prove the impossible : )"""
1st in the mile   1st in the 4x4 relay    not a bad start to the track season : ) : )   hanging in guernsey with nothing to do   really wish i could see someone right abouttttttt   now lol   miss him   woo i worn out  love 
so there i was all excited to head to colorado springs to shop and rawwwrrr this evil sickness came over me   making me puke like a new born baby lol   kept me up till two in the morning  weighed myself this morning and had lost 5 pds  : 0   n now here i am trying to head to colorado springs just once more lol   a girl is never to weak to do some shopping : ) lol miss ya all n love ya  love 
in <propmale>  smile  almost got in a car accident    i don't know how we missed them but we did phew haha    <propfemale> meet tomorrow excited to see my wifey!! glad to be over my sickness smile 
in <propmale>  smile  almost got in a car accident    i don't know how we missed the phew haha    <propfemale> meet tomorrow excited to see my wifey!! glad to be over my sickness smile 
in <propmale>  smile  almost got in a car accident    i don't know how we missed the phew haha    <propfemale> meet tomorrow excited to see my wifey!!
"call me crazy  call me stupid, wierd and maybe a little out of my mind  but i am who i am  so love me or hate me it doesn't matter much   im being me for the world to see you either like it or you don't   i will not be loved for something im not  i'd rather be hated for who i am  the klutz, the weirdo, loud and little out of my mind girl  love "
feel kinda dumb   or a lot of dumb bout last night  hope i get to see him today  i miss you so much tate!
for you that are scared  for the people who need just a little inspiration   we all are scared of things in this world  some big others small  we are scared  scared to lose someone who means the world to you   so i tell you know  live strong and inspired by the best   hold tight to the ones you never want to lose  then in the end no matter the output you can say i did what i had to and had one heck of a life : )  love 
"it starts with an \s\"" and ends with a \""t \"" it come out of you and it comes out of me   i know what your thinking but lets not call it that   let's be scientific and call it \""scat!\""    hahah ahhh boy good ol times at tetons : )   best time with my class ever!!!   hope tate having fun : )   gah i miss him already   school so lonely without my class and him : ( *sigh* just a week   miss you tate!!!"""
i miss those brown eyes   the way they can read mine   i never told you what i should have   i held it inside   i miss everything about you!  i see your brown eyes everytime i close mine   you show me where i belong      so what i never told you i say now   i miss you tate stinson  love 
"snowball fight against the coaches and bus driver   making as many wierd sounds possible with macey, channing and the others   telling retarded jokes that kept us wild for hours and watching ghost adventures and getting freaked by macey and tay knocking on our wall and tattoos   tate came home   won both races in ethete   not a bad weekend : )"
greeeat weekend with the team : )   the meets were way fun and i'm happy that tate is back : )   really want to go out in the sun and get some tan today but looks like speech comes first *sigh*   finish now may have time to get little sun : ) woooo!!!
"have a butterfly tan line from my tattoo haha its amazing!! i so want to make a <propfemale> tan line   everyone would be scared of that it would be intimidating lol    : )   ready for this weekend!!!!   it feels good to be able to say \ everything going to be okay : ] \""     there is nothing we can't overcome when we together : )  love """
"goooooooooooooood morning world!!!   hmmm so i beg you to keep the rain and eliminate snow and pllllllease be nice at the track meet   its prequalifying day!!   good week of practice   finally on my toes again for speed   all i can say is \it's time\"" : )"""
once again i find myself here in guernsey  thinking of how it use to be when my dad grew up  thinking of the name i have to keep  the family name  hohnholt  the name that has been known since the beginning  the name i going to make sure is known till the end  ?
ran pr's in both my races for this year : ) woooo!! finally got under 6 <propfemale> for the mile   bout time!!   maybe i should race in the rain more often lol  jus need to remember more clothes   i was soaked!! lol   but weather sucks so whole track team stuck in wheatland but i got to stay at my grammies!! yey lol   hope everything for prom works out tomorrow  annoyed    miss him can't wait to see him!!!  love 
woooo   prom was pretty dang fun   but now i am so tired haha   time to do some homework so i can hopefully go <propfemale> out with tate : )    state history day tomorrow   district choir on tuesday and act on wednesday   and home meet on saturday!! wooo going to be a looooonnng week  love 
"*sigh* what to do what to do   meet cancelled for today  sucks cuz i wanted to run but its ok cuz it is freezing plus it was in rawlins haha   hope it warms up for the home meet tomorrow!!! been a kinda rough, long yet short week  just want to see him : )"
"no meet today   weather please clear up for our home meet tomorrow!!             through it all we be together, through it all i will put a smile on your face and show you one thing   that everyday i am with you i am spending one more day being the happiest and luckiest girl in the world  love "
scared    a little   ready for everything to just work out and make its way    a lot  love 
rib hurts therefore my back is ehhh making me tense up and ugh hahah   please go away!!!   hurts lol   and senior year don't take this the wrong way but can you allow time to go by a little slower   don't know if i am ready for you yet     : (
<propfemale> <propmale> is my hero   gave me something to write about lol    thanks to tate i actually found a subject hahah   oh boy 15 more days   15 more days   i can do this   lol   ahhhhh!!
you never know how much you took things for granted until you have lost them and never again will you have them back   then you wish you could go back to the past and start all over   love 
"we have all had our crushes   we have all had our relationships that we thought were perfect    but if you wait a little longer and put your heart back out there and give it all another <propmale> you will find something much greater   you will find something that was worth all the heartbreaks, the tears, and rejections   you will find love  love "
woooo : )    a lot off my back now   qualified for state in the mile this weekend : )   regionals this coming weekend in lander then off to state the next weekend in casper    gah i'm going crazy i am so nervous but so ready at the same time  never know what could happen   and school is almost done wooooo  summer here i come! then my senior year   wow  love 
leave for regionals tomorrow   gahhhh la la    just a weeee bit nervous   or a lot wee bit!!! lol    welll time to dominate ladies!!! show em how it done in togie town : )   get to run against some of my main competition for state  annoyed  time to lower the times and kick some bootay!!  smile 
"im worn out  sad  blah hahah   but had a good weekend  5th in the 800 with my fastest time of the year, 2nd in the 2 mile with my fastest time of the year, 2nd in the mile, and drum rolllll pleasseee!!! 1st in the 4x800m relay!! boom shakalaka!!! : ) had a fun weekend with my girls  can't wait till state though : ) : )  love  missing someone  playful "
"going to be one crazy, fun, stressful, tiring, happy, and did i mention crazy??? week and weekend : ) i can't wait   leave for state on wednesday : ) gahhhhhh i nervous : )    school ends next week wooo hoooo!! then work at lollypops, summer training, summer sun n fun : ) then on to the big senior year!! boom shakalak  love "
2nd place in the 3200 : )   6th in the 4x800 relay   3rd in the 1600   pretty good weekend : )   just my last event didnt' end how i wanted it to but its life right??   well whatever it is needs to leave my mind cuz monday my training for my senior year starts  yepp just 5 more days of being a little ol <propmale>    i going to be a big dog now hahahah  playful    crazy how fast this year went by but it been pretty amazing  love 
"~* i worked   i pushed   when i fell i got back up on my feet    i thought this one was my <propmale> to be back on top  it was more than a race  it was a competition of speed, strength, endurance, and heart that i failed to beat*~"
half more day of school!!! woooooooooo   then on to my senior year   wow   ummm   hmmm   haha trying to cover it up cuz i am excited to get out of there but not ready to leave everyone here : (   especially tate and macey : (     ahhh my girls  only one more season with my girls in cross country  doesn't seem right : (   i wanted to cry in the meeting today   no need to be going to get back to back to back!! : )
last night hmmmm   amazing?   doesnt quite complete it  : )       all my fear disappeared and i let it all go and i can say for sure that i could stay in your arms forever and i am never going to let this go   my heart no longer beats for no reason for it is beating for you  love 
everytime your arms are around me i can't help but feel safe  everything feels so right   everyday i am with you i fall more and more in love with you   you are the one to give me butterflies simply by just holding my hand   although i won't see you for two weeks but i know we will be okay   cuz this is it   this is the one   the time to never let go : )  love 
there is always a <propfemale> side to a cloudy day   there is always a new beginning to each ending   i strive to find it through everthing   it may take time but it is worth it   i miss you tate stinson!!! so so much    can't believe i won't see you for two weeks!!! *sigh* lol   work 1-6 today wooo!!! money!!! lol  love 
work was really slow today    *sigh*    hope it is a little busier tomorrow   it was fun working with <propfirst> : ) i wish i could be with him!! can't believe i still have 14 more days till i get to see him again : ( this sucks!!!    but i excited to go to montana next week to see my cousin and everyone : )   miss you tate stinson!!  love  hope your having a great time in minnesota  can't wait for you to be home!  love 
i miss you tate stinson so so so much : (  i just want you to be home already  love 
im confused and i am scared  i am sitting here praying    asking god for just one wish    dont let him leave   i am broken i am weak but keep him here   i promise to change for the better   please answer this one prayer  sad   love 
i need to relax    i need to stop being so stressed out bout this   i should know well enough that everything going to be okay  smile   love 
9 more days till i get to see my hon : )      it been rough without him but i know everything will be alright  everything will always be alright   i really hope it rains so i can go dance in it haha : )  love  had fun with the cousins last night : )
it's actually a nice day out finally!!! going to try to get out to the lake today   get a tan on this ghostly body haha   8 more days!! wooooo : ) and i can't wait to go on my little vacation in a couple days : ) : )miss my hon can't wait to see him soon : ) glad he is having fun in sota : )  love 
who ever knew there would be a flood in saratoga  keep our town in your prays and just pray that the water slows down before it gets to any more houses   miss you tate stinson    can't wait to see you again! seems like forever : (  love 
get to work with brooklynn today wooooooooooo : )   maybe a long day of working but i really don't mind   and holy cheese i have to pack tonight! i leave after work tomorrow : ) i can't wait to get out of here for a couple days  love 
morning shift tomorrow then i am off like a ninja turtle : )    i will be back late on the 14th : )    ahh the <propfemale> of getting out of this town lol   maybe i will actually get a tan haha  can't wait to see <propfirst> and everyone else! boom shakalaka im out like a pout! later haters! love you all  love 
so not exactly the best night : (     but thanks to brooklyn popping at me then marrying me   ya that helped : )   i  love  you my little popper haha   it probably will be good for me to get out of town for couple days   just to clear my head : (   never thought it would come to this : (
ok its an hour later   its hitting me now  annoyed  ehh    this day    it sucks!!! : ( maybe its a good thing that i am getting out of here for a couple days   maybe it will clear my head   i doubt it though  this feeling not going away : (  love 
sitting at my cousins house in montana  smile      we head back home tomorrow it has been a great trip but goin to miss the late nights with whit lol  although i have only been here for a few days i think i know my way around hamilton pretty well   with a few wrong turns here and there haha  ready to be back home however will miss this sun haha and all my new animal friends ha  love 
finally home!!! and wow it already been quite the night       so i going to laramie tomorrow real quick  i am leaving at 2 smile 0 if anyone wants to go just let me know : )
"i need to drive away, run away   maybe for an hour, maybe for a day  love     i'm only gonna break break your break break your heart haha   headed over to laramie tomorrow just for a quick trip if anyone wants to join let me know  i am leaving at 2 smile 0  text me at 307-399-7367 : ) later haters : )"
i sit here lost and alone like a dog without it's bone  all we proved was young love doesn't last forever and that we couldn't be together  as one last tear falls from my eye i know i have one last thing to say  ? goodbye ?     i'm driving away  maybe for an hour  maybe for a day  -*<propfirst> <propfemale> hohnholt *
i wanna start a blog!!! hahah   hmmmm i am way bored   i guess i better go finish my chores so i can go <propfemale> out with peoples!!   *sigh* hahaha  feel so lazy today i guess that okay    love  as one last tear falls from my eye i know i have one last thing to say  goodbye  love 
what else could i possibly say or do to make you understand your more than you think you are     and i miss you more than you could ever begin to imagine   i can't let you go   love 
work at 7 in the morning and its 2 and i can't sleep    austin is right !thanks <propmale>  you always got my back   its time for some sleep maybe haha
last night was amazing!! ten at night jumped in the lake hahah well tay threw me off the first time the little butt! it was like jumpin into a black hole but so much better! then we went to stand by someone's campfire to dry and it was 2 guys so we ran away and stepped on pokey bushes ouchie! haha   i can't wait till i get to talk to the usd coach and for him to come watch me run!!  i really loving the school! : )  love 
work at 7 in the a m : ( *sigh* but on the bright side should be off by 2 so going to go out to the lake and <propfemale> out with my peoples  had a fun night : )   finally got my smile back  work was fun wit my daughter hahahaha   our dance moves and running round with the broom haha   oh boy   good times good times : )
"i wanna dance with you tonight    in the sun or the rain i don't care  all i know is nothing has ever felt this right  i may die in the fight  i may lose and never get to choose my way but here i lay and i know \ i love you\""  love """
"wooo work at 7 in  the am tomorrow!  annoyed  ehhh but yey cuz means i can go out to the lake and chill wit my wifey brooklyn lol   had fun working wit my wife today lol    hey <propfemale> \are you a swimmer??\""    <propfemale>: uh no    lady: oh cuz your shoulders are huge!    lol wow that was hilarious can't believe she said that hahah  love  love you my manly shouldered popper : )  love """
work with <propfemale> tomorrow!! : ) yey! had an amazing day today   just getting out and spending some green! : )  love 
"<propfirst> we are going to nebraska!! lol    you can have the cowboy   i take mr  cutes hahah   oh boy work was fun today   pretty slow but interesting lol  i am the \ice cream godess   i attract the customers with my fan pose haha  well old men like ones with walkers hahaha   golly i love my job : )  love """
"so decided i moving to nebraska lol   well <propfirst> and i hahah   jus so we can search the state for mr  cowboy    and mr  cutes smile hahah   work was amazing today!   it was slow but ummm interesting   hahah  according to mr  neuman i am the \ice cream godess\"" haha   i attract all the customers  well at least the males in their late 80's haha   oh gosh golly gushers i love my job : )  love """
oooooooooo la la   oh baby : ) just ran into the hot shots!!!   i think i just lost my jaw hahah    they put out all the fires but their own   man they are smokin!!! hahah   i am going to marry them alll one day lol   yes ladies be jealous very jealous hahah   ahhh my day was just made : )    all it takes is a large group of men with muscleage and a green <propfirst> haha  love 
work today : )   hope to make some big green with my girls!  love      hope we get some cuties in to make our endless hours of work worth every scoop hahah    hope my wifey's are having fun  i miss them! : ( *music is like life   you turn it on everyday  sometimes you like it sometimes you don't  but no matter what music is playing   good or bad   forget it all and just dance to your own beat  love *
~*music is like life  you turn it on everyday  sometimes you like it sometimes you don't  but no matter what is playing   good or bad   you forget the song and just dance to your own beat  love  *~       happy 4th : ) >     off to work in a few   hope to bring in some green!!
"~* 3 hours on the phone can change your whole point of view you learn that there is a whole other person beneath what you see this world is constantly setting an image we have to reach it's nice to just sit down an actually get to know the real person   the ordinary person   the fun, exciting, and a little interesting person   not the person they are trying to be to reach acceptance in this world today just be you*~"
"~*there are days people feel like they are on a cloud   yet there are days we feel stuck in the storm   i guess i just going to have to learn to dance in the rain  love  *~         so capturing a baby kitten didn't go so well hahaha   \oh gosh <propfemale> he getting chased\""    hahaha    love ya <propfemale> and <propmale> : ) oh <propmale> hope you don't get rabies lol : ) fun and interesting night """
"hahaha <propfemale>, <propmale>, and i    together   all day   all night   adds up to some interesting and amazing times haha   we will capture a <propfemale>! lol we are so close they are just so speedy!   really want to go with <propfemale> this weekend to get bikes so we can drive them around in style and drive as slow as we want by the \house of cuties\"" without looking suspicious lol """
look at me   look at me up and down  love me or hate me i don't really care  but respect it   respect me   respect my friends   respect my family   like my legs  ya they are stronger than most  like my stomach   i workout everday  like my arms   they are strong enough  strong enough to beat you up any hill  strong enough to beat you in 3 1 <propmale>  respect me for i am a runner  respect the sport  love 
"aeries (march 21-april 19)- there's a strong <propmale> you could meet someone with whom you'll be establishing a close relationship  each will be impressed with the other, and shares much in common *      gotta love my horiscope for the day : ) hahah   now hmmmm let these brownies stop cookin and let the guys start looking   at <propfemale> and i on our going to be new cruisers! : ) boom <propfemale> <propfemale> boom!!  love "
*~i put my heart out for you i was scared but you gave me reasons not to be but it all changed you lost you or maybe i lost me?   it will never be clear all i know is i will never be able to put my heart out like i did for you~*   loving the beach cruisers! got the cuties talking  even had them fix some of our malfunctions on our bikes  even though they did a sucky job haha  it was worth it : )   love 
"these tears fall from eye telling me i need to say \goodbye\""  there so much to love so much to hate yet i still lay here thinking it was fate  its weird tat even all we been through i am still in love wit u  love """
"i ride alone   i like bein the lost    almost like a dog without its bone   i like finding my way   it's fun to be lost and to later be found   you find that little girl inside you   i will become carefree but i will watch the ground where i stand on my knees   i'm no better than you, your no better than me   respect all that comes your way  you never know when it could be letting you go "
im having a great time at the ranch wit <propfemale> n the family  smile  four wheelingvon the day and having imterestin fishing e playful eriences in the night lol   gotta love the dirt unibrows the guys have given us  playful 
the ranch is amazing  having a great time with <propfemale> and the fam  four wheeling in the day and some hmmm interesting? e playful eriences with fishing at night haha  carrying the fish up a freakin steep hill why it still connected to the pole hahah yep it how we girls do it haha  idk if i trust my bro with some of the places he took us on the wheelers haha but im alive so i give him credit for that  playful    be back tomorrow : )
"when your down get back up on your feet  when you weak do all it takes to be stronger  never give in, never give up  work from start to the end  never let the right choices make a slight bend  be who you are no one else  let people love you  let people hate you but don't let them think you care  for you are what you are  i am what i am  and let's dance to our own beat   love "
"i don't know my fairtytale   i don't know if i will when or if i will fail   life is a race when will i finish?  i don't know if i should worry bout dancing to my own beat or just worry bout staying on my feet   will i ever meet the perfect man   the one to make me crazy, to make me laugh, to make me smile when nothings left   i don't know my fairytale but i can't wait to find out  love "
"i don't know my fairtytale  i don't know if i will win or if i will fail  life is a race when will i finish? i don't know if i should worry bout dancing to my own beat or just worry bout staying on my feet  will i ever meet the perfect man  the one to make me crazy, to make me laugh, to make me smile when nothings left  i don't know my fairytale but i can't wait to find out ?"
i'm so hungry i think my stomach goin to implode haha     love it here in park city its beautiful n i having a great time with my cousins   going to miss the amazing view  sad  yet home here i come  love 
i have seen the lost  i have seen the confused  i have met some that have been twisted and you used   not for pleasure not for pain   just something they thought may win them the game  i have seen people wish on a <propfemale>   it's their last final <propmale> to make a name  to take a name and to maybe just figure out where they stand when the last clock ticks to its everlasting end love 
work was craaaazy today! thought people would never stop coming haha  can't wait for friday and saturday though   going out of town wit <propfemale> and my bro : ) should be fun   day off tomorrow anyone want to <propfemale>? txt me : )
woo day off tomorrow   hopefully it nice outside may try and go become a brownie haha : )   can't wait to go to rock springs wit <propfemale> and my bro this weekend : )    gah can't believe summer is almost over! feels like i didn't have time to do anything ! *sigh* practice starts on the 16th : ) eeeeeeee lol and my senior year officially starts on the 25th  class of 2011 baby!!!!!
"16th- the start of practice for what is going to be your 3 time state champions in girls cross country baby!! we are unstoppable!! we are going big for my senior year we dare you to get in our way  state is october 23rd so clear your calendars and come watch school history baby!\25th- start of my senior year : ) class of 2011! ow ow hahah  this is going to be the best year ever  gonna miss all my girls though"
"lifehouse concert, sticking to a wall, getting shut off the same ride 2 times, pushing through the crowd to the front to see amazingly good looking lead singer, rain, wind, gossip girl, ihop, gross day at flaming gorge, and step up 3d, and so much <propfemale> d   all adds up to an amazing weekend : ) couldn't ask for a greater friend or a more amazing brother : )  love "
had a great day at work! i love working with <propfemale> hahah  love      it was interesting  we had a group from japan come in they here for sturgis and of course they came in for breakfast   only 2 out of the whole group could speak a little bit of english so when i ask how they like their eggs they tell me they want brown toast lol   but hey good tippers : ) lol now time to relax : )
it has been a good day : )    excited to go to fair with macey and <propfemale> tomorrow  shall be fun  smile    have the day off then have to get ready to work a double shift saturday and sunday for crazy days   oh boy lol   can't believe almost school time again  haven't even unpacked from last year haha   class of 2011 baby!! : )
"headed to fair today with my girls : )    get a little fun in before my two long days of work saturday and sunday  double shifts for crazy days  just <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and i  shall be interesting lol  can't believe practice starts in 4 days! ahhhhhh : ) get ready for the back-to-back-to-back ladies and gents : )  love "
"7 a m - 5:15  7 a m - 4 surprise 0   who knew just a couple long, busy days could make me so tired   i think if i touch a ice cream scoop again my arms are going to fall off lol  and i think if a little one drops a chair on my ankle one more time i might kill over lol  everyone loves ice cream and sandwhiches lol   those are two things that because of this weekend   i prob not going to eat for awhile  haha  i love my boss  love "
maybe he was cutting firewood? maybe he likes feeling powerful or maybe just maybe he is a murderer and we are all in danger and should run for our lives!!! lol   i can't help but ask all these questions to myself when i see a random guy walking down the middle of the street at 8 p m carryin an axe   haha freaky!!            going to miss my girls can't believe this is the last year  love 
"been heck of a crazy weekend! work was soooooooo busy! but hey i made $112 in tips in two days woooo payday lol  my next paycheck is going to be insane! : ) i love it haha  it was my last day today thought : ( sad  going to miss <propfemale>, and <propfemale> : (   but stoked for my senior year baby!! class of 2011 woooo!!!  love  bring it on!"
last day of summer tomorrow : ( sick! lol     think i going to <propfemale> with my girls : ) shall be fun  gah can't believe its my senior year  heck ya! class of 2011! so excited for cross country  we so ready to bring this town home another state championship title!  love    had a great day and woo 1 2 gallon of chocolate milk was amazing! lol   and yet got more after practice lol
1st day of being a senior went good : )   have homework in my college class and a quiz on the first day    oh boy hahah i can do this! lol   practice was good   gah i can't wait for this year  it gonna be amazing!  love 
woooo relief!!!! haha found out my college professor put the wrong due dates on the assignments   they aren't due till august 31st   thank goodness lol i was stressing lol   had a great first day of being a senior!!! can't wait for this year it going to be amazing  love  dang macey made me tear up lol  gah i gonna miss that girl so much! no more crying till state when we take that 3 time state title baby! woo
"do ever wonder \what if?\""   do you ever just wonder who you be if you weren't here   in this town where everyone knows exactly who you are   everything you have ever done   do you ever wonder just exactly how you became \""you \""  some call it overthinking yet others call it insight to the unknown  love """
1st college quiz: done!!!   it was way easy  i guess reading the chapter like 5 times was a good idea lol  it was all pretty set in my head lol   love  homecoming week baby! wooo and first meet on friday! i can't wait : )
"it's funny how you once knew someone so well and now they are nothing but distant   darling i'm afraid your to far away for me to help ya now   it up to you now to see what you left, what you hurt, and what you may never have again  love "
8th place not to bad    woo never have to run on the sinclair course again! dance was fun    for the most part   too much dang country lol   blister forming from race is now gone full out huge lol  it was so worth it thought   running and dancing  best things in the world lol  love 
"he never says always, he nevers says forever and when i asked him why he said \ when i'm with you even forever isn't long enough \""  love   having a great weekend don't want to go back to school on tuesday lol   rock springs meet on friday then off to <propmale> the week after woooo!!! stoked!"""
"as the weeks go on my backpack and pile of homework seems to keep increasing    *sigh*   there never an easy year when it comes to school lol   so happy to be a senior!! but yet at the same time, some days i am just like wow i think i gettin more than i bargained for lol"
"talked to the concordia head track coach last night : )     got me really pumped and excited to graduate!! then i walked into school and we had our graduation meeting and i looked around the room and thought to myself \where are we all going?\""    \""when will we meet again? if ever?\""   i realized i gained a lot here   maybe just maybe some of the greatest things come from the smallest places    love """
going to laramie today?? : ) : ) : )   can't wait! race yesterday in rock springs: 7th place   better time than last week so i guess thats a good thing   can't wait for <propfemale> <propfemale>!!! wooooooo   can't believe state is only a little 1 month & 12 days away!!!  i slowing getting closer to the end of my high school career : (  love 
i just want to make a shout out to my team   thank you all for making this an amazing season   it's been a blast and it only been 2 weeks! it's great to see the <propfirst> we have out this year and just makes me more excited that even though me and my fellow seniors leaving i know you guys are gonna keep the xc alive at our high school! keep up the hard work  love you all!  love 
"had a blast yesterday with <propmale>, <propfirst> and my girls!!   talking to <propfemale> last night made me realize that it almost the end   8 more months and high school will be our past   it crazy to think that i prob wont see half my class after that     wow : (    can't wait for libety <propfemale> meet this weekend! woooo let's kick some bootay girls  love "
took some of my senior pics today!! check them out let me know what you think   had a great night with my friends  back to school tomorrow : ( sigh  wish this weekend didn't have to end! lol     love 
soooooooo muuuuuuucccchhhhh hoooommmmeeewoooork! lol   *sigh* can't wait for the weekend  <propfemale> <propfemale> baby!! wooo  man hills were perfectly malicious today! lol  can't believe state only a little over a month away  wow! i'm a senior! lol doesn't seem right   check out the senior pics tell me what you think : )  love  send me on my way
"i miss you, i love you, i know i have to change  for you   for me   it the only way it is going to work  i never knew letting go of the past could be so hard   i miss it  i miss you  i miss us   i have to say \goodbye \"" to the things i loved   the things i cherished   it the only way it is going to work   i have to do it   or i will not only be saying goodbye to my past but to both my present and my future  love """
hmmmm juice and fruit  my two favorite things added together! yummylicious juice with bits of fruit! whoever invented this wonderfulicious drink shall be applauded and be rewarded lol  fruit 2day is delicious!  why didn't i think of doing this! i could have made bank! lol  love 
"wow 8 400's usually would have killed me back then lol   it felt easy! i guess that a good sign  woo guys 8 more months till we graduate ahhhhh!!! this is insane, crazy, and every other word that fits into that category lol  so excited for <propfemale> <propfemale> meet on friday! ; )  smile  gonna be sahhhhweeet! love ya girls   thanks for pushing me to my fullest potential and always being there and having my back!  love "
<propfemale> <propfemale> tomorrow!!!! woooo can't wait  i freakin love this race   got our <propfemale> shirts and my rocking shoes  i am ready to go! lol  the phone rang twice tonight with sd coach and concordia coach  i had good convos with both of them! i can't believe this is it! i'm loving life  love  *i run like a girl   try to keep up*
so last night i found out yet again how amazingly sucky i am at pool   lol thanks guys! haha    feels so nice i finished all my homework so now the day is mine!  smile  can't wait home meet on friday! wooooooooooo! come and support   think i may go take some more senior pics today  smile    i have a feeling today going to be a good day  happy birthday <propmale> humes!  love 
uploaded some more senior pics  check them out  comment : )  love 
"ugh! so frustrated with so much stuff right now   i am physically and emotionally drained   idk what to think   i just want to run, all i want to do is run   run away from reality from everything holding me back   this is my life  i have my own dreams, my own goals  trust me cuz i am smart i not going to make bad decisions  i have a life i never going to give up    gahhhhh somethings about this school just aint right"
woooo finally this week of school is over  idk if i have ever had that many tests in one day in my life!! haha   home meet tomorrow ! boom ya i can't wait  let tear it up ladies and gents    and girls we gotta get it all ready for the starting line   hahah : ) time for some musica  love 
"it's our time girls! we have a month till state and everyone out to beat us   let's step it up, keep working our butts off and let's make school history! i know we all want the 3 peat so let show everyone else we do   good luck today guys and gals   home meet lets tear it up!  love "
1st place finish at our home meet!  i am undefeated on our course for my high school career boom ya!!! didn't run as fast as i hoped but not gonna worry bout it   and we placed first as a team  smile    congrats on 1st place <propfirst> that is amazing! and congrats to everyone else you did a great job!   gah i can't believe this is all almost over   doesn't seem right at all   xc bbq today woo!  love  see ya there guys
ugh    homework   it's so evil and seems to never stop or go away   had a great weekend otherwise   ft  collins meet this week then get to go watch my brother in boulder  smile   smile   wow state coming up soon this is insane   keep working hard girls i know we can get that 3 peat i love you all!  love 
"i am content with who i am   i am going to do what i do  love me, hate me its up to you  me, myself and i are stuck like glue   i have dreams i have goals, i will make it big   you can't hold me back but i would love to see you try   we only have one life to make the most so don't think i going to waste it crying and dying over you   i am content  love "
"awww relief!!! <propfemale>'s heisman scholarship is complete!!!!   i feel accomplished haha   excited for the meet in loveland this weekend   hope our state competition comes i really want to race them at least once before state   can't believe it is in like 4 weeks gahhhh haha   this has been an amazing year  most definatley going to miss my team, my girls, my 2nd family   wish all the best to you in coming years  love "
"it's going to be alright   it was just a little fight   for freedom, for justice, the act of making a name   we are all lost, we are all confused   we are all teenagers looking for a place, looking for a show, a place to hide and a place to glow   don't give up, keep your head held high   there is always tomorrow, there is always a new day   and i will never make you walk it alone  love "
sprained ankle i curse you!!!!! not now   
"keep your heads up girls   it's not over yet not even close   don't let them see you weak   don't ever let them see you cry   keep your mind, your heart strong   if they beat us mentally then they have us beat for all   don't think we can't do this cuz we can   never ever say sorry or that you let me down   no matter what happens you will always be my girls and i love you to death! thanks for being so amazing  love "
i don't want to hurt you   i don't want to dissappoint you   i'm lost and very much confused   i'm trying to find my way in this world   this new reality and it harder than e playful ected   life isn't suppose to be easy but no one said it be this hard   i'm fighting everyday to just get thru the night   im slowly fading and im breaking inside   now i know what goodbye feels like
haha my halloween costume is amazing lol and totally unique    totally me haha  can't wait to get it  playful 
"i miss the innocent days i had when i was young  but life got hard and its hard to adapt   i have new ways, i have new days  the days are gone when you  were by my side, you took away my fear and picked me up off my feet  i miss the days but i forget the days  the young, the innocent days  all i wanna be is carefree   nobody else but me ?      -smh"
we have come so far so let's give them a show   we have worked to hard to just let go   don't ever underestimate me for me   i may come back and sting you like a <propfemale>  i may not know my rights from my wrong   but i am tough and i am strong  love  -smh      don't give up girls! it not over   don't give up on me now we can do this!! but i need you all to be in it with me!
"good job football and volleyball!     gah i hate being sick   seems to happen to me every year around state   all i have to say is better this week then next week   can't believe it almost that time of year   everything going by so fast   before i know it i going to be throwing up my grad hat and rushing out of the high school towards my dream, a new reality, and the real world   crazy huh? love ya all  love "
ok so tell me how i suppose to do my last online assignment if i can't access it??? hmmmmm    i have asked and done about all that i can lol   now just have to wait it out and hopefully it all works out before due date on tuesday hahah gahhhh!   think my halloween costume came it wooo!!! can't wait for this weekend   it time to give it up and just live it up  smile   love  love the life we live and live the life we love  love 
i hate being sick!  sad     it needs to go away right about now!  ughhh haha i just feel totally drained physically and emotionally right now   but on the bright side i got my online class up and going ! phew   can't wait for this weekend   having a feeling it goint to be pretty great  love 
"a month!!!!??? wowww    huh?   this can't be happening   i feel as if my heart is losing its beat more and more each day   right when things start going good   finally i found my place, the arms i belong in and it has to end  u s m c take care of him for me please  sad  i can't lose him   love "
i wanna know all the answers but i'm learning these things take time     i wanna understand why but these things take time    if we ever fell in love would the wind go would the pain go away?? i was afraid to try but afraid to never know what it feels like to be loved  i guess i will never know   i need to go run and clear my head   gotta focus on the bigger picture now    love 
dang phone why aren't you working?? i curse you lol   so ya everybody heads up my phone went retardo and i can send but can't recieve texts   so if ya have been texting me and i haven't replied i promise im not ignoring you! lol   called verizon and i have to update it which i can't do cuz i live in the middle of nowhere but hopefully should be fixed by friday  if you need to get ahold of me just call : ) thanks  love 
can't believe in 5 days i will be stepping up to the line and running my last high school cross country race : ? can't believe how fast time is going by   i am going to miss my girls so much! but i know they going to be just fine   when my phone gets fixed i going to laugh when all the texts start coming thru  i can only imagine how many there is goin to be haha *never underestimate the dream   lets do it girls!  love  *
"excited, nervous, ready, butterflying, focused (mentally and physically) for this weekend!   take the pressure, take the pain and put it all together and make a name   never underestimate yourself girls! we can do this   just have fun   thanks for the amazing season   i love you all and i going to miss you! but i know you going to be just fine : ) class of 2011 baby!!! wow this week went by fast  love "
leave for state tomorrow  so pumped and ready   but it really starting to hit me that this is the end of my high school cross country career : ( but even more reason to go out big right?  i can come back as good or i can come back with the gold!  ready to spend the weekend with my girls for one of the last times : ( love you girls! let's do this! love you all so so much thanks for making my senior year a blast : )  love 
"this is it    this is the end of my high school cross country career   no time to hold back   time to take a risk, a <propmale> and prove the doubters wrong   no time to look back and say \what if\"" but time to be able to look back on the course after my race tomorrow and know my heart was put out   time to make some fame and make a name   come on pantigs let's give this town a name!!!  love """
"not how i ever imagined my last cross country race ever ending  although it is hard to find god's reasoning for me collapsing with a mile left in my last race with an injury is hard to imagine   however, god has reasons for everything  but he gave me the strength to get back up and cross the finish line   there was reasoning  i changed a life and didn't even notice till i crossed that finish line he opened my eyes  love "
boot and crutches   oh joy oh joy   now i really am a hobalong   and to all the people in the world   going up and downstairs on crutches is not as easy as it is made out to be lol     good foot goes to heaven   bad foot goes to hell  lol hmmm good analogy but i still can't do it haha    love 
i don't know what we are  i don't know what we will be  all i know is my mind is nothing but you and me  you make me ramble when i'm shy  you make me laugh when i cry  i am a klutz and you love every imperfection  you have my head spinning with everlasting affection  i don't know what we are  i don't know what    we will be  hopefully one day we can be something greater than just you and me ?
"glow stick dance tonight! haha i can't wait! <propfemale> and i are going to pimp out my crutches and boot with glow sticks haha  playful    have a feeling that this could be a great start to an amazing weekend : ) excited to be able to go watch my bro run in his xc race   and guess what everyone? no math homework from our \thug\"" teacher haha! life is good  love """
"dance was pretty dang amazing last night! : )    and my crutches looked flippin sweet lol   although, i lost count how many people tripped over them    haha my bad  annoyed     well headed of to gillette here in a bit : ) kinda excited   just saw my bro a week ago but already miss that little sucka (and of course my sis too!) life is good  love "
"running has always been a big part of my life   however, i never knew exactly how much i loved it and needed it in my life till it was taken away from me   went to watch my bro at his xc meet and he tore it up!! just sucks seeing all those people running just makes it more real that my high school career is done and there nothing i can do about it    pullin an allnighter for my college course  wish me luck  love "
"oh brother oh brother what shall i do with you! a simple \what do you want for your birthday?\"" and you reply nothing!!  your a poor college   take that back your a <propmale> little puppy but geez come on   guess i will just have to pick out your present with no input from you *sigh* men are so complicated lol   love ya  love """
"what do i do when all i think about is you   i ask questions that may never be answered   one day, one hope, one prayer   two hearts can be greater than one   i can live with thinking   i can live with hope and wonder; but what am i suppose to do when i fall in love with you?  love "
"i miss you   that is why i send a billion texts, make the call   i wanna hear your voice and know your going crazy too   i guess i just have to wait for you to miss me now  love "
"i see you walk down the hall, but you don't say a word at all   what can i say, what can i do to save your broken soul   you need a hand, you need a friend, but i not going to be here till the end   so look at me, say a word   help me help you   let's save this broken soul  love "
ready to just walk with my boot tomorrow my armpits are sooooo sore from my crutches!  pretty excited bout multiple things : ) my mind going off in so many directions at this point haha   hope i get to go visit concordia soon : )    thank goodness tomorrow is the last day of school for the week i ready for the weekend and just to relax   really want to go swimming or biking   thing that is my plan for tomorrow : )  love 
"i'm lost and confused   i have been twisted and used   i loved how you could tell i wasn't ok, but i hate how you believed my lie   maybe this is a game, maybe an eye for an eye   but answer this    what am i suppose to do when all i know is that i am falling for you?  love "
rode my bike around kerbs loop today : ) feels good to be able to do some activity!! : )  have to say it was a bumpy ride though! but must say nothing beats running   can't wait to get this boot off   the weather has been amazing and all i want to do is run   so weather just give me a few more weeks please and thank you! haha  love 
everyone something happened to my facebook and a message was sent to all of you    do not click on it!! lol it is spam!! bad stuff people no clicky
"i use to hope for you and i   now i sit here wondering why   i need to realize we weren't meant to be, you just didn't feel same about you and me   i sit here wondering what to do, because for some reason my heart is still stuck on you   maybe there no reason or maybe i like the taste of pain   until i figure this all out i will fight through the storm and dance through the rain  love "
"sometimes you have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find the <propmale>  love   no one said life was easy, but it is up to us whether we just deal with it or do something to change it -dmw      hmmmm   i'm a pretty happy chickadee right now ; ]"
ugh   sometimes i just ugh!!! haha   just frustrated and overwhelmed   just wish i could see him   love 
"ugh!!! where to start??? im frustrated, im overwhelmed, i'm going crazy!!! lol    just wish all this work would just go away but i know it not going to :    i really don't like senior year   its been one of the hardest years of my life! i thought it was suppose to be easy   you liars!!! lol   everything would just be so much better if i could just see him  love "
"it's the things you say, it's the things you do   they all got me going crazy over you  love "
ok peoples we are taken a vote : )  should i grow my hair out again like freshman year?? or should i keep it the length it is? vote vote vote  love 
"no one can do it like you do   no one can make me smile, and laugh like you do   we are <propmale> away and hours apart but baby you have a piece of my heart  love  : )  pretty chipper girl today   not looking forward to the five day week though : ( sighhhhhhhhhsiiiiiiigggghhh lol   but i am excited just little longer till get to see my familia : )"
"just ordered my amazing running shoes : )   ga i can't wait to get them and put them on both feet and go for a run again   i miss running so much! hopefully get my boot off thursday though!! crossing my fingers!  then the times of everyone asking \why do you just have one random shoe everywhere\"" shall end! haha  today has been long but really not a bad day ; )  love """
"oh goodness five day week : ( yuck!! lol can't wait till next week tho   staying up wit my cousin talking, watching that 70's show, seeing my little ones, driving thru the ghetto screaming, bowling, food!, pics, videos    can't wait!!! just hope i survive till then lol   and keeping my fingers crossed for thursday, please no more boot!"
"the smiles you put upon my face, the butterflies you leave stomach when i hear your voice   you pick me up when i am down   i am sometimes weak but you make me strong; for you, for me, for us   i wanna be by your side; that i cannot hide : ) you have allowed me to try  you have allowed me to believe   i know this is not a dream although sometimes i have to pinch myself to make sure  love "
doctors appointment tomorrow morning please no more boot! that would make my week even more amazing  smile  woke up in quite a good mood n hasn't gone away    man he got me going crazy  wink  hahah  love 
got my boot off today! still can't run for two more weeks though  sad  ugh this is killing me!    really don't want to go to school tomorrow sigh    oh well can't wait for next week only thing tat would make it tat much better is if i could see him  smile  < 3
sigh : ( back to the boot for a week or so   just to sore to walk around on a lot   can't wait just two days of school! then off to spend thanksgiving with all my amazing family! excited to see all the little ones they all getting so big its crazy!   think i need to hit the weight room so i don't get wrestled down by all the boys again haha : p missing him  love 
"it's going to be alright  it was just a little fight  for freedom, for justice, the act of making a name  we are all lost, we are all confused  we are all teenagers looking for a place, looking for a show, a place to hide a place to grow   keep your head held high don't let them bring you down   your not going to go through this alone   not today, not tomorrow, when i said forever i meant together   love "
drunken off nothing but each other till the sunrise  love   love ke$ha's new album!! way better than the first   kudos!!!! haha i'm sure <propfirst> and i will be jammin and know all the lyrics to all the songs by school tomorrow haha  school is pointless this week we not doing much  hope i make it to guernsey tomorrow! he is amazing   but yet that doesn't even seem to cover it  love 
made it to my grandparents last night : ) just waiting now for my cousins and sis to get here    this has already started out as an amazing thanksgiving with my family  serenity is so cute and has gotten so big since i last saw her!! hope everyone has a great holiday with their families : )  love 
"happy thanksgiving everyone : )!! hope its great   i know what mine is going to consist of   eating and sleeping because ya see boys are very persistant, they will not allow girls to beat them in any sort of challenge or game   sigh boys will be boys and while they are being well them   i going to sleep like a baby! minus all the crying i gonna be out! lol   so thank you thank you very much haha  love "
you can only eat so much until your body realizes how completley full it is and e playful lodes haha   lol ehhhhh don't like upchucking hahahaha   not exactly the best feeling in the world haha   i think i done with food for my life   or at least for another hour hahah : p having a great time with all my family   especially erin   and <propfemale> ; ) wink wink haha love ya all  love 
had a great day yesterday : ) and excited for today with the girls : ) oh and muhahahah the taste of revenge is sweet lol  told you i would beat you at this game sometime and i did : ) doing little dance woot woot haha  love 
only time will tell our <propfemale>   only faith can strengthen me   i wanna be strong  i wanna prove the doubts wrong   so stay by my side  take my hand  don't let go  let's give them a show   because only time will tell our <propfemale> and only faith can strengthen you and me  love  -smh
"sometimes life needs risks, second <propmale>s, hello's and goodbye's   one never realizes how fast time really does fly by   i took a risk, i gave my heart a second <propmale>   i said goodbye to my past and said hello to something that will last   so don't give up don't give in   the ice can't stay forever thin   take a <propmale> take a risk because sometimes the greatest things are closer than you think   love "
"i don't have the latest fashion   i don't have the latest technology   i don't have the perfect life but i take and live what is right in front of me   if you have something to say please say it to my face   i can take your words, remarks, put downs, rumors because i am me   and because i believe in me and stand strong for me then let me apologize for the things you don't like but i ain't changing  love "
"awwww   i miss being little and watching the rugrats all day : )   the young, the sweet, the innocent days : )   guess sometimes good times never fade   but life is all about growing up  mentally, physically, emotionally   time disappears before your eyes so don't waste it   make the best of the worst, and <propfemale> all the great like you will never have it again   love "
"call it an ordinary day but its not   even the coolest girls around aren't all hot   it's the past, its the future, it's the present   just give it up, live it up   don't hold back, don't give in   your lying if you say you have never sinned   just forget it all because the people that really care are going to be there to pick you up when you fall   love "
i won't let go because i can't go a day without you   or even an hour   no one said anything would be easy in this life   yet no one thought it would be this hard   then i met you and you said that life is going to be life but its up to us whether we change it   well i wanna change it   and that is what i'm doing with you  love 
 sad  everytime!!!!!!! sorry hon     idk how but i am goin to try everything i can to make this up to you  sorry for the dissappointment  you mean so much to me
"dream big, go big   never underestimate yourself  love "
"can't wait to see my sister! : ) seems like it has been so long   ready for shopping, and chick flicks (zac efron)  playful  and late night talking      so guess this means i get the floor when you come home? since the other bed was bednapped haha   love my family and friends   yep people sometimes life can just be that good ; )  love "
"all i wanna do is be close to you   all i wish is to hold your hand   sometimes things just happen without a plan   all i want is for something that will last, something to allow me to let go of the past   im crazy for you   and i never going to be able to get over you  love "
"people say i so lucky to be in a little school where there is not finals   well why then am i being bombarded by every test possible   *sigh* 1 down-100%   2 to go  crossing my fingers   today was like cookin day    cookies, truffles,, and more cookies!! lol   can't wait to see my sis this weekend! and himm : ) very soon  love  yep life is juuust that good : )"
"i can't wait for my wish to come true   my wish to be with you : )  <propmale> away, hours apart but it really doesn't matter because you have my heart  love "
headed out in a few   i can't wait to be with my family : )    the only thing that could make this weekend better is to see him for any amount of time   can't believe its almost christmas    only 3 more days of school phew!!! it been a loooonnng week gonna be nice to get out for a bit love 
so you see there is this guy  smile  he makes me ramble when i'm shy  he makes me laugh when i want to cry  he means so much to me    i can't wait to see him!!! : ) soon soon soon : ) but for now just going to enjoy an amazing weekend with my family  mwah!!  love 
dyed and cut my hair yesterday : ) needed a change : )   wooo only 3 more days till i finally out of school for break   sucks right? lol this week is giong to be pointless   had a great weekend with my family   hope everyone gets feeling better tho   im worn out! yikes! lol really can't wait to see him!  love 
it's break!!! wooo finally i been waiting for this   finally finished rearranging my room and putting in my new bed yay! lol  loving having all the family home : ) does not seem like christmas at all   this year has gone by so fast   really hope to see him soon! miss him so so much   drake you make me so happy  mwah!  love 
i bite my lip and you know why   maybe its because you make me laugh when i want to cry   you have no reasoning for the things you do   but you respect me for who i am and what i do   your everything i dreamed of and now its true   now i know everything i ever wanted was just to be with you  love 
"had a great christmas   however, i still believe i got the best gift i could ever ask for about two months ago : )    what do i have to do to see you ? it's killing me   i'm sorry   <propfemale> christmas everyone!  love "
"why <propmale>' t you want me happy   why <propmale>'t you love my smile   do you really want to make me cry to you really wanna hurt me this way   i do love you but we need adjustments   because without noticing you really are taking away one of the best things that has ever happened to me   im happy again, so <propmale>'t make it go away again   love "
"don't give in   don't give up hope   i promise one day we are going to get out of this sinking boat   you mean so much to me and i know you feel the same   we are going to change this ok? please smile   please don't frown, for if you do this boat may really drown  love  im sorry"
you make me smile  you make me laugh   you catch me when i fall   i don't know what i would do if it weren't for you   hope to see him soon!!  love 
had an amazing day yesterday   never wanted to leave! : ) : ) what can i say people    i think i'm truly fallin  love   these butterflies are never going to go away   life sometimes can really be this good : ) you jus have to fight through the storm and dance in the rain   every pain we have ever e playful erienced will go away and a new day will come 
need to find something to do for new years   hmmmmmmm    wii bowling tournament with the family?  wii dance party with the girls?? haha maybe wii dance   my dad is a poor loser in wii bowling and lets face it   my bro would cream us yet again   geez stud  playful 
forever i felt like a puzzle that was missing a piece and to never be completed    but then you came along  for once in my life i feel as if this is right where i am suppose to be  smile  here with you  drake <propmale> i couldn't ask for more  smile   love 
wow everything is jus happening at once     suprisingly i kinda love it! so excited to go visit concordia this week!!!!!!!!  smile  idk bout you all but life is pretty dang great right now  love 
so it something like rap rap rap    rap rap rap    oh goodness gracious forget it! can't you see all i want is some kfc!    mmmmmmm sounds so good hahah  love  yummy!
don't think i care at all   because <propfemale> you weren't there when i was about to fall   you left me so too bad but your gonna live without   your never gonna feel my touch unless its a hit   to the face   to the gut   but don't you worry you won't feel a thing because your forever is like an endless ring   love 
visit to concordia- this week!!!   turn 18- 3 months!!     graduation!- 5 months!!     amazing boyfriend- check!    injury recovery- coming along  annoyed      feeling good- frankly a lot lately!!! : ) : ) things are looking up for this girl  love 
"ahhhh so hard to concentrate on school   or anything right now! so excited for my visit to concordia!!   got home from track practice, ate some dinner then booommmm concordia coach emailed me, <propfemale> state university coach calls   hang up and booommm <propfirst> college coach calls!! phew its a whirlwind i love it!!   luke <propmale> and i   college together  haha llleeegiiiit!"
my mind is like a whirlwind!! i can't wait to leave : ) im so excited! this week needs to go by faster!! : ) : ) this is it  this is my <propmale> to prove the doubters wrong and strenghten the belief in all that believe in me  this is my shot and i can't blow it  concordia here i come  : ) ?
"had an amazing trip to concordia  i loved it and was so hard to leave the girls this morning  the team   the school,     the coach,     the whole atmosphere was amazing and food was good too! lol  love "
ehhh homework   time to do some   guess its worth it since i had an amazing weekend   missing the girls that i left there and will gain and the ones i gained here and going to leave   life is like a roller coaster  there are up's and downs and sometimes they hold u upside down in anticipation of what is to come next   so whats next??  love 
run!!! compete again!!!  come on foot please hold up i ready to run some indoor meets with my lonely teammate lol   i been waiting forever to get back on that track   just crossing my fingers because im ready to get going and start competing again   the adrenaline of the gun going off is what i strive for each and every day  love 
it's time to face never hold back   to give it all i got   for in life sometimes your only given one shot   get rid of the doubts and the fears just step up to the line   hear the shot ring through your ears and go   don't let anyone tell you no   this is your life your shot so just give it all you got  love 
"hmmmm   id have to say things are pretty amazing around here for this girl : )  i have great friends and family, amazing boyfriend : )  times going by so fast and not gonna lie it scares me  but i'm ready to take my <propmale> take my shot and just give everything all i've got   i don't want to be a model, i don't want to be a rockstar all that matters in the end is that you come out who you are  love  that's me"
everyone send your prayers out to macey malone for a quick recovery  i love you girl!   my senior year is kinda being led astray now  annoyed  i need you mace!!! track just won't be right : ( head to gillette this weekend for indoor meet  i'm nervous as heck  wish me luck! this season is for you macey! love ya  love 
"im smitten  love \not giddy type smitten\not clingy type smitten\not like a middle school girl who claims she is in love\but just happy to be with someone who respects me for who i am\happy that sometimes things do change for the better\happy that maybe love does exist\happy that all the past breaks and tears will slowly start fading away \ love "
so first meet     ya all i can say   hope to do better next week! miss you drake <propmale>! i'm so stressed with homework and scholarships so i'm out children have a wonderfulicious week! love ya all  love 
"don't be scared i'm not going anywhere   don't you fear because i'm always going to be near  in heart in mind   all i have wanted from the beginning is for you to be mine   your the one that makes all things possible   together we are untouchable   i don't know what the future will be, but maybe something to do with you and me  love    - shelbymarie"
went for a run and well almost ran over a racoon! i know i know but i mean hey it was dark! lol so i screamed and a owl flew past me and landed on the post and did his wierd head spin    so of course i was looking up and ran right through a puddle   *sigh* the whole animal kingdom is out looking for me now!  love 
i hate being sick! curse it!!!' i got hit hard wit this one    thought i was doing good wit not getting sick sigh i was wrong   already stressed this isn't helpin
hate being sick: check      stressed out sad heck            school tomorrow: check        no school dance tomorrow: check    friday school: probably because my sickness is evil haha   hope i feel better so i can run saturday!     one day at a time  love 
ughghghghgh racing tomorrow isn't looking good   tried to run outside and i still can't breathe   gah i hate being sick   sad 
sickness sickness pleeeeeaasseee just go away : (    who knew that something that i was once so sure about could now be one of the hardest most complicated and difficult decisions i have ever had to make    stressed out     love 
brrrrrrrrrrrr lol ran the farthest i have since cross country!! and no pain in my foot just a evil cough lol    still little stressed out but have a feeling everythings going to be okay  smile   love 
act tomorrow 8-12 then running the mile around 12 smile 0 i could be running right up to the starting line as soon as i get there! have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a little insanely hectic   at least i got him to keep me sane : )  love 
i have to learn to run for myself before i run for anyone else  i want to find the girl inside me that started running for fun  before it was serious and all i did  until i find that girl and can run for myself   i really don't know where i belong  ?
today i signed my letter of intent to run    from this day forward i am a concordia bulldog  smile   smile  i'm so excited and feels amazing  i'm ready to give it all i got  love  couldn't have done it without you drake!
please dont be anything serious :   i don't have time for another injury    just needs to disappear  don't know what to do today    just woke up an i'm already bored lol
i am music   the beat to the drum   the every lyric leading an emotion   i am the rythmn that comes from your feet   the steps that synch to your own heart beat   i am music   i drown out fear and hate   i speak the words of an everlasting fate   i am music and i am changing the world  love 
sometimes the greastest things are the ones that many others overlook  its true   all it takes is one man to give you a <propmale>  smile  yep life can bethis great  love 
"march     i ask you one question   can you come already : ) i have places to go and people to see : ) : )    the way you make me smile   the way you make me laugh i never felt this way before  i'm happy, i'm content   this is me   this is you   this is us : )  love  miss you drake <propmale>!"
rough day? doesn't even begin to cover it     
actually had fun this weekend : )   and think i finally sorta understand wrestling lol  just a little   good job this weekend to all the wrestlers   i loved watching you guys : ) i'm proud of you all  congrats to <propmale>- 2 time baby! <propmale> davidson- we love ya bud  your a champion to us   you are crazy! : )    i think i going to go sleep now lol
leg jus allow me one race at state indoor    it's all i ask    so tired of injuries just want to run!!
i love the biggest loser but sometimes doesn't make any sense    why send the guy home tat needs to be there the most? grrrrrr
headed up tomorrow for state  annoyed  hope everything wit my leg hold up    felt pretty good today so jus crossing my fingers  smile  get to see my amazing man this weekend  smile  i can't wait!!!!
that was easily one of the best weekends of my life : )   loved indoor and going to miss my laramie peoples but feels good to be running for purple and gold again : )! wooo : )
"all it takes is one guy, one <propmale> to realize you don't have to be a <propfemale> to live a fairytale : )  love "
uggggghhhhh foot     i just need some new legs  i'm frustrated out of my mind!!! just hoping the next few weeks are better cuz i'm getting tired of this one
just found out i am one of 500 u s semi-finalists for the body by milk scholarship!!! : ) wish me luck as i continue on for the final milk mustache  playful 
what do you do when the world comes crashing down? <\\3
great jus great now really not going to be able to sleep tonight  when will something ever go right!  sad  the world falls around me and i'm trapped  no escape  no <propmale> jus prayers of the hopeless <\\3
there will always be a brighter day to the worst  idk what i do without all my friends n teachers  you all mean so much to me! thanks for helping put a smile on my face
what happens when your too shy to say hello    too much history to say goodbye? i look at you and i    together we gave it a <propmale>   two hearts: one risk   something worth never letting go  love 
why does something i love so much hurt so bad? everyone said it's suppose to get better everything suppose to be ok    now i sit here wondering when   all i want to do is run  love 
i won't give up the game till they screaming my name!!! never backing down     helps tat i'm super excited for prom!!!  smile  going to be an amazing night then turn the big 18 next week! than drakes prom!!! life is goin to be ok  smile   love 
dirty bit puppet show yep made my day!!! we are going to become big on youtube  smile  wooooooo!!!!  smile  cant wait for prom! it's going to be amazing! get to see my man
"hey everyone check out <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and i's new youtube video : ) like it, share a comment and we will make more videos on request : ) !!! the pumppets dirty bit! look it up : ) can't wait for prom!"
track     sorta sucks when your not running but still had fun!!! ready to primp it up and watch it fall lol i so excited for prom!!! it's going to be amazing! can't wait!
had an amazing night : ) amazing day : ) amazing weekend  got to <propfemale> out with my favorite people : ) life is good : ) and only getting better  love 
uh is it spring break yet!!! sigh lol just need a break and some time to relax! : ) woo turn 18 tomorrow! ow ow : ) then hopefully running saturday at the meet  ga i miss running so much   i have never been so happy to be able to do intervals before in my life! haha
nervous for tomorrow     first meet back n don't know what to e playful ect     annoyed  wish i could be with him right about now  he the only one tat keeps me sane in times like this  love 
2nd place in the mile lost by less than a second : ( not greatest time but hey its a start just happy that i got to compete again : )   excited to be with family and be able to relax: ) can't wait for prom!!!!  even tho i burnt to a crisp and going to have a very interesting tan line haha  life can only get better from here  love 
can't wait to see my man : ) : )    i'm crazy about you drake <propmale> : )  and get your dang phone mister   lol i going through withdrawls : ) and just realized i graduate really really soon!! wooo wooo : ) this is going to be an amazing spring break !! : ) excited for college baby!  love 
up in breckenridge hanging with family : ) i love it up here its so pretty but yet again too cold : p gonna go workout with my favorite big sis in a bit : ) hope everyone is having a good break  in less your not on break haha   cant wait for prom on saturday   get to see my man again : )  love 
gotta love wii dance parties : ) just not before a track meet lol   we learned our lesson : )    i have a blast with family and i can't wait for prom with my man : )   can't wait to be with him again : )   and really excited about graduating in like 2 months! wooo : ) oh and had this amazing cupcake today in breck : )
i just want to run  sad  excited bout prom tho !!  smile   love 
despite a minor injury to the elbow this weekend was beyond amazing! i mean who else got to go to prom in a monster truck?!  smile  miss you already drake!  love 
prom prom prom   drake! yep miss all of it already! don't you wish there was just somedays that you could put on rewind and play over and over again? : ) i know i do : )  love 
love glitches in the system! : ) : ) loving this class period   poo philosophy!!! your evil!  love 
hmmmm   is it the weekend yet? cuz i ready to run and go watch hop with my girls! : ) life is good and i couldn't ask for more  well except for a new foot but the doctor would probably reject my asking of a fake leg   sigh so for now just gonna live it up  love 
day filled with fat chickens     watermelon flavor    3 way stops and way too much mexican food!!! today was a good day  smile 
i'm fine but when you question it then that is when i fall back under and question it myself 
success is up to us  i'm ready to go but all you do is question me    what i do what i feel     how am i suppose to be enough for you   
i hate rejection letters :   guess just gotta keep believing that everything will look up one day   wish i could see drake soon  love 
reaaly want to see drake  miss him so much  smile  so tomorrow is the day    tomorrow when others run i'm gonna run  we control our own success so bring it on  rain n all  love 
reeaaallly wanna see drake! i miss you so much!     so tomorrow is the day     tomorrow when others run i'm gonna race   we make our own success possible so bring it on   rain n all  love 
i have been blessed with so many amazing people in my life and each plays a role to keep me strong throughout the crazy obstacles of life    i couldn't thank them enough  n gotta love family egg fights lol whether i leave with  yellow butt or not  smile   love 
sighhhhh phones   think i just pretty much deactivated my phone till friday      frak!
drove and got service to activate phone lol    wooo lol so new phone so txt me names n <propfirst> peoples  smile     but idk phone kind of poopy so may try to switch out
sigh no track meet today    guess just gonna chill watch some movies and do some lovely scholarships   only like 18 days of school left till graduation!! wooooo finally!!
ughhhhh wanted to race!! sigh guess just another day of scholarships and movies   i miss my man wanted to see him   but no mother nature evily laughed upon me lol   oh and never watch the movie human centipede   disgustingly wrong twisted disturbing lol  love 
had an amazing day taking pics wit my model mace : ) the cute and the sporty   will post all billion pics in a bit : )  love 
today's the day to let it go  drop the grudges drop the hate for all we wish is for you to appreciate   we are given one life so live it to the fullest   this one life to give it all we got and hope for the best in the end   open up your heart just once   for it isn't until then that you will be able to love and be loved  love 
wooo can't wait to get my braces off tomorrow    going to feel weird but amazing  smile   16 days left of my high school career can u say insane?!
"why do i feel so lost when i'm home? why do i feel so right when were all alone   it's hard to understand some things in life      apparently i'm not good enough for you   so god and i will bring a miracle out on the track and i gonna turn to you and say \you should have never doubted me\"" then walk the other way and never look back  love """
took some more senior pics without out the braces wooo!! can't wait to graduate  its coming up so soon   but all my mind is on is this week  doing what i have to do and giving it my all   there comes a time in life when you gotta just step on the gas pedal and go  knowing no limits   just knowing that wherever life takes you everything going to work out for the better  love 
create a business is killing me!! sigh   i will figure it out    i hope haha  so ready to graduate! 12 days!! whooo and regionals this weekend and state next weekend   this year has come to an end way to fast : )  love 
"really excited, pumped and ready for this weekend   it's my senior year   it's my last <propmale>   gotta give it everything i got and then hope that its enough to bring me to state and to see my concordia girls   who just gave me more motivation then ever to get to state! : ) it's my time   no looking back   just asking god to show me my strength in the races to come : )  love "
really weather?! snow!!!! gahhhhhh
ooooo i just love being sick the weekend of regionals   guess its the beginning of strep so im on antibiotic but headed out in a bit to go to lander to catch the two mile : )   god has put many obstacles in front of me to test my strength and my heart   now its time to push through and go out there and never give up   it's not over till its over  and im not done till i cross that finish line : )  love 
"woooo!!! 2nd place in the two mile n now ready for the mile tomorrow then off to state  , i hate being sick but jus pushing thru n praying tat everything will clear up by next week  smile "
sickness sickness go away! i would say come back another day but to be brutally honest i don't want you back haha  2nd place in the two mile and 3rd in the mile! headed on to state!!! great job saratoga panthers! let's show em wat we got!
leave for state tomorrow : 0 i'm nervous and still don't feel all that great but its my last <propmale> so gonna give it all i got   then i graduate next weekend!! bahhhhh this is crazy!  love 
well its official   i am done with high school sports  it's crazy to think about but i'm way excited for college   gonna miss all my girls though   and hey i graduate in like 6 days!!!! but until then i have essays and tests to do and a kite to build   later peoples : )
i just want that feeling back    
just realized these are some of the last days and memories with my classmates     some of which i may never see again      wow annoyed 
"what jus happened? :,( this isn't how it's suppose to be"
we did it! class of 2011 baby!!!! and i didn't cry! now ready to eat some burgers n spicy fries n <propfemale> with my friends!
hmmmm   still hasn't hit me that i graduated   crazy!!   don't know what to do today    seems freakin cold haha   dumb weather!   i'm trying to think of something inspirational or fun to write but seems as if my mind is just as tired and dead as i am  playful 
it's time to forget  it's time to forgive  live it up or give it up  this is our life  live it through love  dream big    go big   because you never know what's around the corner  love 
like this and i'll tell you: do i regret meeting you? are you important to me?: have you ever made me smile? have you ever made me mad?   best feature? do i like your profile picture? do i see you in my future? do i love you? have i ever crushed on you? you're my: rate on a scale of 1-10: do i dare you to put this as your status?:
when you hold me close and grab my hand and say your never letting go  that is the moment i feel needed for the first time     
everything i was looking forward to jus totally crashed     idk what to do anymore  this is not how it was suppose to be
"i just came to say hello      hello! your alright but i'm here darling to enjoy the party! i just came today hello!       , gahlove this song deff my jam for the summer! now i wanna dance  playful "
i jus came to say hello      hello! your alright but i'm here darling to enjoy the party! i just came to say hello!       love this song haha now i want to dance lol deff my jam for the summer  smile 
shes all laid up on bed with a broken heart  we don't know how we got into this mess  trying to smile when were close to tears  man these times are hard     just lost the feeling of being needed for the first time    saying things we haven't in awhile <\\3
so excited for summer jam next week! get to see my beautiful sister n jus spend a weekend with the siblings    your a stud brother! jus so  you don't feel left out  playful 
a day without you is like a year without rain <\\3
new car is freaking sexy!!!!  love 
no work today : ) hmmmm   what to do what to do   thinking gonna go shower   do some cleaning on my room and maybe go out and get my tan on : ) anyone wanna <propfemale>?
what do you do when the world falls down on you <\\3
work work work            sigh lol i wanna build a giant humongo slip n slide n hve a slip n slide partay at the park haha    maybe tat will be tomorrows goal    jus gonna get some money in the bank today  playful 
excited for summer jam!!!  smile  and dang this summer is already going by fast!! kinda sucks but i'm so excited to head off to school!
ewwwwwww ew ew i stepped on a dead frog on my run! nassty
so excited for summer jam concert tomorrow and an awesome amazing weekend wit my bro n sis! i can't wait! better go pack!! xoxo  love 
just got done with cross counyry practice work my high schoolers! gah i gonna miss them like crazy!!! they are like my second family    but it's time for the next chapter of my life   smile   love 
"despite the ran had an amazing time at summer jam!!! i am in love with\<propfirst> brown n pitbull!! and their abs hahah    oh oh and my bro, sis and i made a new friend!! haha oh boyers  love "
feather extensions  smile    needed some brightness for the summer    love them! having a great time with my bro and sis in denver   sad i already have to leave tomorrow  annoyed 
these times are hard and they are making me crazy <\\3 where the freakin tan boys with the six packs!! oh right i live in a town where there arent any lol     i think i should take a vacation to hawaii! where the boys are as plentiful as wyoming sagebrush lol
"live is a crazy thing  it's something tat is e playful lained in tears, kisses, the heartbreaks and the hugs  love is powerful    it has the power to stay and live within or the power to leave one standing in the rain not knowing which step to take next  love "
"what do you want me to say to you    that \ i can't get my mind off you\""    because of everything we have been through   everything we were gonna do   i guess we just didn't think it through  because now i'm fighting the rain and feeling the storm because today i am left on the side and i don't know what to do   i never really thought id have to plan a day without you   love """
no one can bring me down if my feet aren't touching the ground  you can never break my heart without me breaking yours  i stand tall even when i fall  so don't try breaking me cuz you will only break you  love 
when do you know when its time to let go and move on or when its the time to hold on tight and never give up?  love 
"she has a beard !!! go see for your self    (irene and <propfemale> go out) \ waffffffle phhht\"" (run inside) bahahahahhahaha you weren't lying! the lady has a full out beard  lol good times at work! i love my boss and coworkers  smile  today was a good day  gonna hit up the pools with montana and search for some sexy national guard men : )"""
"i'm ready to start the next chapter of my life   i am going to work hard and i will make a future for myself   in a couple months i have a clean slate   no one will know me   no one can underestimate me   there is only three people that can determine my success, that can determine where i go and what i do   and those people are me, myself and i   love "
mmmmmmm i love running  : ) it feels so good : ) hmmmm this girl is tired haha  work was way slow today and when saratoga is dead i feel dead haha  this town needs some excitement or something!!
anyone want to watch movies tonight or do something! lol i'm bored!!!!
i have this type of anxiety topack haha idk why  maybe cuz i'm really excited for college! in like less than 2 months! woo baby concordia here i come : )
wow i have morning shift tomorrow but i can't sleep! today was the best day i have had in a really long time : )  love 
goodbye  sad       i do believe in fairytales   love 
girl like passed out in lolly's today and had to call an ambulance    crazy stuff!!! twas a bit freaky   so shout out to <propfirst> and <propmale> n the rest of you that left us its all your fault   because you say you save lifes and as soon as you left   crazyness happens    soooo you should come back and then everyone will be happy  playful 
hmmmm   life has a crazy line of events that will lead you through the worst to find the best   life can't be put on hold; so when you get hurt you just have to learn to get back up on your feet and know that was the best step you could have taken   love 
watch me do me  love 
watch me do me   i'm riding solo; riding solo  love 
man work has worn me out the past couple days haha dang people haha  and tomorrow i'm working both jobs!! oh boy!   this summer is going by so freaking fast! it's exciting and crazy! : )          *life flys by in a blink of an eye so keep your eyes open and grab ahold of every second* ? have an amazing 4th of july everyone! : )
give me the <propmale> to love you because you are on my mind day and night   love 
"in 1 month and 13 days i will be stepping on the track and starting the next chapter  no one can judge me for they will not know me  i am on a clean slate; i'm a whole new person  no one can underestimate me because; that day is the start of my dream   the dream that for 18 years of my life i powered towards; thru blood, sweat, and tears  i conquered the worst and now nothing dare stop me for i am stronger then ever "
"did my hour run in the lightning, thunder, pouring rain, and mud  it was                                                 awesoooommmmmeee!! : )"
i love you like a love song baby  love 
please don't text me    screen went out in my phone    grrrr :  
i knew that today was going to be a crazy day the minute i poured juice on my corn pops instead of milk    oh boy!
haha <propfemale> haven <propmale> you really made me want to try planking! lol   looks hilarious and fun!
well i got my new phone but       it apparently can't be activated   soi promise i'm not ignoring everybody   hopefully will be able to have it all figured out by next friday or saturday because need to actually bring it into verizon store    sorry! : (
today has just been one of those days that i hope i never have to live again   not the greatest day   just want to relax
"had a great time floating the river today with <propmale> collamer, <propfirst> collamer, <propfemale> forster, and <propfemale> grubb : ) we saw two moose and an eagle! yay! haha deff need to do it again some time : ) awww today was a good day  love  and its still not over!"
the only way you can fight the storm is by learning how to dance in the rain  love 
did some shopping for college today and got me totally pumped! leave in less than a month! also did some packing and i think i'm a little too excited to go to school haha  so watch out seward <propmale> sievert and i are coming to steal your change : )
yay i get to run in the rain  smile   smile  !! so excited for school! it's coming up so fast yet still taking forever!
need to search down and buy a new digital camera   other one went caput and i have to be able to keep everyone updated on my collegness! haha  love 
schooooooooollll get here   now!                  please : )
i don't know who i am    i don't know who i'll be  this world is filled with a lot of you's and me's     some last a lifetime while others a day  but i sit here all alone watching the waves move past hoping to wash all the memories away  love 
you keep me standing on my feet  you even make my heart skip a beat  i don't know what we will be but maybe one day we will see  because i know my heart beats for you and for everything  that you do  love 
leave in two weeks!!!! insane!!!! i'm so excited  but hey my fellow saratogians let me know if u want to <propfemale> before i skeedaddle  smile 
wooooooo i leave in 15 days! i'm so excited! and jus got my new camera and laptop should be here soon ahhh i love college haha  love 
best day of my life!! i worked the street corner in the ice cream cone suit! : ) boom shakalak!  love 
excited to head to rock springs with my girls for a couple days and have some fun and eat some delicious stuffed french toast at ihop : )  love 
"had a great time with my girls <propfemale> forster and <propfemale> grubb in rock springs   early morning ihop trips, no sleep, and a couple crazy sunburns   yep! one good weekend : )  love "
leave in 9 days!!! : ) can't wait! had quite an adventure with my girls today haha can't believe i have to leave them soon! only in wyoming do you talk to cows or find a giant rock painted like snoopy in the <propmale>! : )  love 
7 more days!! : )
"i only work till round 2ish tomorrow sooo    text me if ya wanna <propfemale> tomorrow! 7 more days till i'm headed on to seward : ) i'm ready to meet some of my cross country girls; <propfemale> else, tanel baehr; my roomie <propfemale> <propfemale> hass, and of course my cootie lover <propmale> sievert!! and so many more amazing people! can't wait!! : )"
"my hearts a stereo; it beats for you so listen close, hear my thoughts in every note  love "
"had dinner with the rents tonight and my dad looks at me and is like dang your going to be busy at college    cross country, school and all those boyyyysss! : ) i blush a little and then mom is like ya remember in that order lol    oh gosh 4 more days! can't wait im pretty much all packed up, room looks bare    time to say some goodbyes and head out : )"
dinner tonight with my girls : ) i think so : ) 3 days!!
last day in toga!! : ) gonna finish up packing then spend some time with my girlies : ) head out tomorrow! : ) seward here i come  love 
just got done having an amazing lunch with my melon : ) im gonna miss her so so much! rest of packing here i come! can't believe i leave tomorrow! wooo  love 
think i'm gonna go to high school xc practice tonight and say goodbye to some of the most amazing people i have ever met in my life  i'm gonna miss my xc team so much  you guys are my inspiration and have taught me so much throughout the years  dream big go big saratoga xc team 2011!
leave at 10 tomorrow morning for college!! : )  smile  gonna watch some movies tonight at my house come on over my dearest friends or just quinnington haha : )
"all packed n headed out in 5,4,3,2,1!!!  smile  seward here i come!"
"in grand island, ne : ) nice, hot, humid   yummy!! haha can't wait to move in tomorrow and meet everyone! : )"
haha love how all the ne people make fun of me   not my fault we don't get many tornado warnings in saratoga haha its freaky!!!   michaela else save me lol!!!
all settled in and loving it : ) met some great friends : ) gonna be a great year    but for the first time in my life i sweat to the point of endless dripping haha    humidy and the heat are all new for this wyoming girl lets see how it goes!  love 
first day of classes and totally looking forward to it    have first class then have hour break and then go to two more classes and done by noon! yay haha i love college    and of course everyone in it : ) theres love in the air and pounds are falling off some and flying on for others   all the signs of one great year : )  love 
2 a days and 6 smile 0 a m practice    yep ladies and gents welcome to college athletics  love 
"just want to get all this homework done finally so i can start my weekend with tanel baehr, <propmale> sievert, and <propmale> brees    pirates of the caribbean movie tonight and remedy drive concert tomorrow : ) wooo : )"
sighhhh don't feel like getting ready for the day lol   but i need to and want to so that we can start the day in <propmale> : ) so shower   im coming    slowly but im coming
lazy day!  love 
long day   long night but yet it all turned around thanks to my amazing friends   tanel baehr what would i do without you   and <propmale> sievert thanks for watching one of thee greatest movies in the world with me haha    but i shall call it a day and now i shall go to bed : ) sweet dreams world!  love 
tanel baehr is my bestest friend!
just got back from <propmale> : ) and although some steps of the way were unsuccesful i got my belly button pierced and ate some amazing food with some amazing friends : )   now i shall study and get to bed    cuz morning practice is going to come quick!  love 
its been said and done   i love you like a love song baby : p  love 
gotta just love reading a billion pages for classes with some amazing people   well person to be exact  love  : p
feels really bad for the poor high schoolers that are running race today in almost 100 degree weather!
ahhhh i love my day : ) got to sleep in till 8 smile 0   only have one class and it isn't till 11:15 think this girl is gonna check out the bakery this morning! yay  love 
"just saying good luck and kick some butt to all my high school cross country girls and boys!!! : ) who wears short shorts!?!? go macey malone, <propfirst> wimpenny, <propfirst> harrington and rest of you!!"
husker game day people!!! : ) todays gonna be a fun day with my girls tanel baehr and <propfemale> <propfemale> saltz : ) smoothies and red hotdogs!! now thats husker pride : p
ready for this day to start : ) going to <propmale> with some amazing friends : )  love 
one tired girl   wanna go to bed but forgot to put my laundry in the dryer so now i have to wait another hour   dannngg it haha  love 
got our uniforms last night    made me realize that i am really a true bulldog now  goodbye over 12 years of purple and gold! you will be missed but its time for me to begin the next chapter : )  love 
"hooooommmework, homework, and moooooore homework : ("
i really hope its nothing    but seems right now that i need a miracle    : (
paradise by coldplay = best song i have heard in a long time : )  love 
i like bringing pick up notes and treats to <propmale> sievert     excited to see my parents this weekend and for them to meet all my new friendies : )
don't ask me why i'm smiling   just know its for you  love 
100% on both first aid and cpr quizzes !! take that <propmale> sievert and <propmale> brees lol : p
so i thought it was time that i said something for the world to know : ) !!! i like <propmale> sievert     a lot a lot : p : 0 haha
brrr     tid bit chilly today : (   think i may whip out the cold gear for practice today lol   meet tomorrow in <propmale> and get to see the parentals! : )  time to do some homework and hydrate : )
run for the one  love  excited for the meet tomorrow! let's kick some butt bulldogs!! : )
sigh day filled with essays and studying for exam    gonna be a looonng day!
why do i have sooo mmuch homework   this girl just wants to sleep and get rid of this sickness!
hoping my 8 hours of studying paid off on my exam today   crossing my fingers!   but now time to write one last paragraph and finish up this evil essay and go to bed so maybe this sickness won't bury me alive lol
you know its time to find a doctor asap when you wake up and your neck is so swollen it's making breathing difficult!    doc appt  in a little bit  hoping they can get this all figured out and get me back out running very soon!  love 
i really want to order pizza hut pasta! yumm : (
really sad that my sickness is gonna keep me from being with my fellow bulldogs this weekend! : ( good luck guys and gals and kick some boootayy! love ya all! : )  love 
there are many many many children on campus today    they are taking over!! runnnnn!!!
i can't be with my fellow bulldogs tomorrow in minnesota but don't worry guys and gals i'm hooking up the race on my laptop and will be cheering my little brains out lol    so warning to everyone in my hall   i apologize now for the loud cheering that will be coming from my room around 9 smile 0 or so : ) run 4 the one!!!
i'm soooo nervous for my bulldogs! wish i could be there!!! kick butt bulldogs!!! ill be cheering! : ) run 4 the one!!  love 
only 45 <propfemale> till my bulldogs get back!! finally!! i have been so lonely without them!!
"i love the day when you finally feel better after being sick for what seems like forever!    everything seems so amazing and perfect   it gives you a whole new perspective on life   the fresh air, warm sun : ) i love feeling better!! : )  love "
oh my gosh    <propfirst> hall has just been invaded by thee most adorable baby bunnies in the world!!! some of which are suicidal!! haha    <propfemale> <propfemale> hass can we keep one!!??
this weekend can't come soon enough! siiiigggghhh exammmmssss!!
"lg versa, pantech crux, or chocolate touch phone? any suggestions or help? : )"
<propmale> sievert is so awesome!!
