fc64d36ff4c62882ff908f52b1a0b7fb
"i've discovered facebook, and am glad for it!!"
"this is way easier than i thought it would be, this whole facebook deal smile "
did anybody feel that earthquake? that was pretty big!
who's <propfirst>?
"thinks he's going to fall asleep in the pool today, if not there then somewhere besides his bed "
just got his debit card  score!
just saw the movie land of the lost  <propmale> lauer can suck it!
"just got back from west pool after seeing that there's nobody there, and that's it's the official holiday of independence day for employees "
"just got back from the <propmale> fair in girdwood, whoever that second-to-last band rocked prog-country!  smile "
"'s  anesthetics finally wore off, after going to the dentist's  that stuff makes me sound like a retard  funny "
"just saw a wall of death occur and a \jump the f**k up\"" of slipknot on youtube!! crazy stuff!!!"""
just walked a panda at stairs  <propmale> scofield's a beast 
i'm going to a wedding on friday!  smile 
my fingers are burnt  all the calluse on my fingers is burnt off from finger exercises  hot!
has gotten recent addicted to runescape 
is bored 
thinks the rain god is pissed at him 
"saw district 9 last night, and it was awesome! it was like a documentary mashed together with battlestar galactica gore and special effects  epic "
thinks this next friday is gonna kick ass!
has been feeling like crap all day long  hopefully this clears up in time for the swim meet tomorrrow  hopefully 
just realized how much time people have who don't do sports have  holy crapola 
"our swim season is fubar, kudos to mikey "
just heard beatles on kwhl  wtf
"my new year's resolution: to have more initiative, and to listen to more speed metal  go slayer!!!"
just got a 5-string bass  bitches 
hmmm   should i play my part for the musical on the double bass or bass guitar?
eating a bagel while playing the bass   ?
it's hailing in early april   wtf
"haven't been in the water for a week, but dropped 50 time to 24 81"
the musical kicked some <propmale> ass!!!
today is not my day
i think we just set a high score in ass kicking 
"\basses: you're accepted!\"""""
anyone know how to upload photos onto your profile from a cell phone other than an iphone?
i got a bow tie that's legit!
"this piggy went to the market, this little piggy stayed home, this little piggy had roast beef, and this little piggy got roasted!!!"
anyone know how to tie a bow tie?
command performances were pretty sweet!
i think i fell in heaven   
let's do this!
sleeeeeepp     
i hate <propfemale> 
"do you think they'll let me park at school on the thursday, without a permit?"
got a ticket at the uaa parking lot   damnit 
"anchor point: full of psychotic alarm clocks, drunken natives at midnight, and one hour of sleep  welcome!"
just look at the horizon   
anybody know of an easy way to format the ap <propfemale> summer reading journal entries?
is anybody not doing anything right now?
quiznos doesn't have meatball sub no more  sad 
would it be a good idea to bring my speaker setup to practice next week?
my dad thinks my the power bars that i eat are <propfemale> bars 
iron man ii was pretty pimp 
nice bike ride
feel so lazy
ymca pool's filter is shot
cat is sick 
money in the bank!!!
êlooks can be deceiving: i e  scum balls meant as a a temporary cleaning tool for when a pool filter's broke can easily be mistaken for a really nice snow
êball  yuck 
finding the right bass amp is hard!
i do not like sitting here 
hates harvesting rubarb 
"bass is currently in the repair shop, finally!  smile "
just saw a man with diva sunglasses  lol
i was born for dyinggggggggggg!!!!!!
my bridge is finally fixed  no more buzzing!
playing modern warfare 2 at 10 surprise 0 is sooo relaxing  i love summer 
fuck dimond parking
why am i so goddamn hungry?
went paintballing
your mother is jamming our uav
"so at the <propfirst> lake bowling alley, someone put signs saying, \end child hunger\"" on everyone's cars in the parking lot """
"that was one short, hard rain!"
my computer is so sloww   god
"even i don't like that cellist, and i like hard rock"
i'm not deep-voiced anymore  helium's the new thing to do 
forgot my bow at uaa   
taco <propfemale>'s pretty good!
that was a good concert! and the firebird suite kicked ass!!
i'm so bored    
nice fine mist   ahhh   
stranger than fiction's a pretty cool song!
i think tuesdays should be called terrible tuesdays
"my mom doesn't let me drive her car, because she says i'll ruin her gas mileage "
two fo five dalla!
<propfirst> kong is one cool place!
can't fall asleep   
is back from <propfemale> bitches
that was a epic wetland 
did anybody else get a playing for change package?
i just got the weirdest creep text ever 
ice cream + protein mix = awesomeness
pool speaker upgrade!!!
my fingertips are dead 
turns out i probably didn't need to read the road or all the pretty horses  wow 
rediscovered my love for distortion pedals 
i'm up for a ride out at powerline pass! who's with me?
they call that shit an oofsk!
needs to learn to censor his language on facebook
"my mom tells me, 'i really hate your music ' my response: i don't care "
"eatin ramen while playin crackdown 2, yes"
inception was not hard to follow!
i just gotta say that hummus is awesome 
good times on the highway   
is drained   stupid homework
my parents are watching lady gaga music videos  what has this world come to?!?
i'm incredibly hungry!
should i wear my playboy belt tomorrow?
"25 15 for the 50 free, 2 surprise 2 for the 200 free, yeah!"
i'm now certified to teach your ittle kiddies how to swim!  smile 
they need to make cereal boxes bigger!
"swam a 5 smile 1 in the 500, yeah!"
i seriously need a new computer 
got halo reach!!!
did anybody feel that earthquake?
it's foggy!!!
almost hit a moose this morning 
we have frost!
it's snowing! woo hoo!
i have my xbox again!  smile 
"on the school buses in kodiak, the drivser use <propmale> code the talk to each other "
"no, peaches(i e  my cat), my double bass is not something to climb on, sit on or sleep on "
looks like the steelheads have a new waterboy 
shoes off on deck!!! lolololol
state yeah!!!
the past is history  the future is a mystery  but today is a gift  that's why we call it the present 
snow!!!
i am done for a while 
"i like english toffae, ha ha ha ha"
now i'm feeling the soreness in my throat from screaming my head off all meet long today 
goin back to ays tomorrow yeeeaaaahhhhh!!!!!
"as i bend over to take my socks off, an ab cramp occurs  welcome to swim training "
"i'm taking back control   \with white knuckles\i'm taking back control   \with white knuckles\i'm taking back control   \with white knuckles!\i'm taking back control   \with white knuckles!!!!!"
yeeeaaaahhhhhhimadeitintoallnorthwestorchestrayeeeeeeeeeaaaaahhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good job everyone  we made magic tonight 
i feel like i'm having slow motion addrenaline rush  weirdest  feeling  ever 
"mon-day, monday   lololol"
yeeeeeeaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
thanksgiving weekend just turned into thanksgiving week 
"thank you, ays, for bringing me spontaneously hilarious moments like today  lol"
my deck just went off like a gunshot 
i am a music memorizing master!!! buwahahaha
that   was an endurance run   
just lost power 
the guacomole bacon burger is awesome!!!!!!
"\one day in the life of <propmale> desnovich\""    (pant)    done """
   double_bass _amplification_ complete\\\\\\
"finals, get pumped!!!"
"calulator: check\pencils: check\brain: check\common sense: check"
enyato 1 is sooo soothing    
the lechtenberger test is going down!!!
a few competitive games of swat to conclude initial finals week r&r 
"you're a mean one, mr  grinch "
"playing with the big boys, and getting bank: yes "
something isn't right 
the house is freezing 
   ow  lolololol
i just wanna open the presents already 
now i'm really feeling the dryland soreness 
"i'm not the one who's so far away\when i feel the snake bite into my veins\never did i wanna be here again\and i don't remember why i came"
97th percentile in math on the act! yeah!!!
ow 
   ow   
"pain, pain, go away,\come again another day"
i haven't rolled in the snow in too long of a time  that was fun   smile 
"mlg: when the weather outside is frightful, and the  50 cal's so delightful, there nowhere else to go, let it pwn, let it pwn, let it pwn "
chemical warfare!!!!!!
bring it sinfonia for strings! bring it! you got nothin on me! nothinnnn!!!
"swim bag   hold up til this weekend, ok?"
stabbing a knife with a knife   lol
fog cake anyone?
all northwest music is in! i am invincible!!!
why can't we all be happy and carefree like the buddha?
lower d main door locked   why?
can now play the way of the fist on bass with my fingers  woo!
no more <propmale> sets
my god   
of i would come home and the power would be out  gah!
"rest in peace, dobie "
forearms unusually sore after the mile   bass playing not a good prospect   
"peaches, be nice to rossi   *rawr, hiss*"
"his name is rossi, not rosco!"
it's a rambo night
"who's yo daddy now, trig identities?"
i am never timing at a meet like that again   
shirt? why would i need a shirt?
nothing is sore but my hamstrings  why?
skiing sucks!
allnorthwestallmorthwestallnorrthwestallnorthwestpreparetomeetyourmaker!!!!!!!!
i got third chair!
i am in a section of 18 basses 
"i'm third chair in the all northwest orchestra, and i currently have no bass  gah!"
people can ask some pretty funny questions
"dinner: burger bun, small salad, three meatballs "
must find a recording for crazed for the flame   it is so awesome!!!!! it makes me wanna be a percussionist!
just go for it
"zach atkins, i found something more hellish than all-state: all-northwest"
"anybody up in alaska, you missed huge!!!"
on the plane
landed 
it's been a bit of an 'ugh' day
"which is better swimming, skiing, or football?"
"jazz band, sleep, jazz band, sleep    ahh choices"
"\this is what you could look like if you swam \"""""
that   might've been too long  but good job everyone 
i'm sick   this is not good   
does anybody have <propfemale> wick's new number?
"with thin mints and do-si-dos by my side, this sickness is gonna be a cakewalk"
anyone not doing anything?
people ask me what my secret is   my strength lies only in my tenacity
don't ya just hate those commericals that are twice as loud as everything else on tv?
silly joley
my voice is so much higher
led zeppelin's heartbreaker: beats all of today's pops songs  hands  down 
i got my voice back
this is why water polo has been happening less and less   
ow
"soreness, we meet again"
christian <propfirst> 'facebreaker' mcworkman
i seriously need a new bed
"search for third eye blind's 'never let you go', and you get <propfirst> bieber   what the hell"
"wish the poco meno mosso in dvorak 5th, 2nd mvmt was solo, not soli!"
"jazz band, school, ays after barely practicing   let's do this"
this'll be the second day sing sing sing's been stuck in my head
oh my god goldenview looks so small
who's gonna go to cupertino?
"crazed for the flame, you're going on my ipod"
"one ap <propfemale> essay down, two to go   "
(with a creepy voice) i'll peel the grape for ya   
"why ducks have webbed feet?\to stamp out fires \\why do elephants have flat feet?\to stamp out burning ducks "
i'm gonna blame the projected 5-9 inches of snow tonight on the radiation 
what has the world come to?
trefoils + extra cupcake frosting = heart attack cookies
