9d5de42d7a0887314edd1f35d634e898
lonelyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy )';
<propfirst> is forcing me on facebook to add rause 
"° ?* ? °?? ?° *?* happy *?* *? \? °_??_*?*   \\  ?*  ? * ?* new year *? ?*\?  (´• ?•)*?°*  ? ?\\*? * ?_?_____  * ?*2011\ °(   •   ) ?°  • '? ' •\\ ?*  ______ ~?*  ?* ??* ?  *?\*(   '•'   ) *???????° ??? ????????*?  ]???????«????«????«????«????«????«????????«?"
respawn now  fuck your countdown 
"why are so many girls posting that they want to play call of duty or are playing call of duty? call of duty does not make you a girl gamer  it neither makes you quirky or cool  instead, you should play something that actually requires brains  i suggest final fantasy tactics "
"oh, man  been awake for 38 hours straight "
"i am never home anymore  i looked at my mother and <propmale> and said, \who are you people?\"""""
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"oi, my head is killing me slowly "
\i must learn to love the fool in me  the one who feels \,9d5de42d7a0887314edd1f35d634e898,<propfirst> is sleeping and i cannot  his room is too damn stuffy  i am sweating just sitting here  fuck 
i'm in the mood for some bubble boats!
"\oooo lame! he still doesnt need his own face \"" - <propmale> jobes"""
<unamused> we are not leaving at 10 am like intended  imagine that!!! < unamused>
"holy shit  i haven't been on fb in so long i \just realized all those tarot cards i looked at posted themselves  \retarded "
back at home! feels great  <propfemale> and i made some jello   smile 
"i am bored, so if you 'like' this \status, i will tell you what i like, dislike, my first impression, and a\ confession about you  start liking "
i need to take new photos of myself starting tomorrow!
i seriously hate so much right now 
"<propfemale> brought her laptop over and i am stealing the neighbors internet connection, though very low  yay?"
"i maybe got 2 to 3 hours of sleep, but it was well worth it for the awesome discussion <propfemale> and i had about aliens and space, and whatever else we could think of   laugh "
"just applied to 5 different taco <propfemale>'s close to me and the mcdonald's in <propfemale>, and i am still not done  i better get hired fucking somewhere  jesus crap christ "
"it torments me to see you just a few hours and then surrender you  when i see you, all that i wanted to say vanishes  the time is so precious and words are extraneous  but you make me so happy, because i can talk to you "
i'm going to eat so much sushi tonight that my stomach will implode like a birds during a wedding ceremony 
"good god, everybody and their sister is getting married "
lol <propfirst> crashed and i have yet to do so 
somehow sick with some kind of stomach flu  awesome 
farmville's got nothing on harvest <propfemale>  hm ftw!
i feel uneasy 
first day at work tomorrow  yaaaaaaaay 
"oh, god  i work 9 hrs today  where is the love? show me it "
"so, i'm on my hour break and was so excited to get home that i went down a one-way street  excellent  i wish to never return to kishman's  fml "
"i survived my first day of work  i will be working here for a very, very long time  that is a very sad, terrible thing "
too young to hold on and too old to just break free and run 
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my god 
one does not simply walk into mordor 
"i hope things go well from here  i can't imagine my life without him  i want this to work out and i want both of us to be happy  his thoughts and feelings are very important to me, as is his love "
i seriously need to take new pics of myself 
"i've done a lot of thinking tonight with a friend and it's been decided  i'm going back to school, to stark state to be a graphic designer  that's an easy career for easy money "
bought a <propmale> horse on farmville  fv cash well spent! lolololol
i hate it when movies make me cry 
"i just found out how to tag people in notes  jesus christ, i am brilliant! but i also love harassing people on their fb pages, so it all works out "
i've had so much coffee i am going to go into convulsions 
"i'm hungry, but nothing sounds good  not even chinese food  ):"
your blue sky thinking is blighted with dark clouds of piss-poor ideas 
perfect  i have a cold sore  i want to set it ablaze 
"what the fuck is this \i like it   \"" shit?"""
"chelsea: with this pokesav you can make and have any pokemon any way you want \me: i will make one million gyarados's "
"i want to go get gas, go to the grocery store, buy a steak, an onion, and a can of mushrooms and make myself a fucking steak with sautéed mushrooms and onions  then my life will be complete     for at least a few hours until i'm hungry again "
i just spent 40 minutes laughing to myself 
why do i always want ramen at odd hours of the night?
thank you  we're all refreshed and challenged by your unique point of view  any resemblance between your reality and mine are purely coincidental  you know who you are 
fuck you photoshop elements 6 0 for not showing my layers and fuck you photoshop elements 2 0 for not fucking working 
"i'm thinking about taking <propmale>  commissions  anyone interested? if so, i'll work out the prices  they certainly won't be high "
"gets apple cider, drops cap in cup, proceeds to walk away with jug "
"sigh  shower, then heading to canton  wolf's rain is the saddest anime ever "
farmville friends! could you please send me farmhands as a free gift? i'll do the same once i'm able to send gifts again to you all  thanks so much!!!
i want chips and salsa   homemade salsa 
"man, why is everybody posting emo bullshit? it is not the end of the world  i promise you all "
the internet is serious fucking business 
"i had a terrible nightmare that my teeth were just randomly falling out and someone i hated was sleeping in my fucking bed, which is the worst when you hate someone but you don't have the nerve to wake them up and tell them to get the fuck out because your teeth are fucking missing "
"i have not laughed that hard in fucking forever! jesus christ, i was so damn close to having an asthma attack "
"welp, i'm tired and i am going to bed for once at a decent time  tomorrow morning i'll be going to canton to play some d&d!!!!!"
what is this hugging your dog 100 times for the best ending in harvest <propfemale> (snes)? that is some fucking bullshit  your dog is worthless  he doesn't need that many hugs for doing nothing  fffffffurious!
"a crown of gold, a heart thats harder than stone but it hurts a whole lot and its missed when its gone "
"well, after a deep conversation with my lonesome self, i've decided to sleep now and go home in the morning to spend time with my family and clean the house, etc  besides, these doritos are much too delicious to leave alone "
"i just realized how incredibly nerdy i sounded e playful laining dungeons & dragons to my mother, and boasting about my character    she has no idea what you're talking about, <propfemale>  go lay down now "
"sweet mother of christ, i am so tired and i don't even know why  maybe if i go to sleep now, instead of being obsessed with the internet, i'll be able to wake up at a decent time and go home to do our much needed done laundry "
"i slept 4 hours yesterday around noon and i haven't slept since  apparently i forgot the definition of sleep  it requires laying down and closing your eyes, away from the computer "
"uhg, still no sleep and started my period  now i'm just randomly depressed  awesome sauce  what a gloomy day "
"awake now because <propfemale> just called 500 times in a row from <propfemale>'s house for reasons unbeknownst to me  probably to see when mom is going to pick her up, however, i have no idea where mom is because i've been asleep since 1 surprise 0 pm  also, apparently <propfemale> and <propfemale> got into a cat fight the other day  oh the joys of teenage angst        i can't believe it's still thursday  oh my god   "
my uterus depresses me  stupid emo menstrual cramps 
tacos for breakfast  hell yeah!
"curled my hair, put on red lipstick, and did the 'cat-eyes' eyeliner look  trying very hard to look like my idol: <propfemale> <propmale>  s'why i got the piercing i did  she has a beauty <propfirst> in the very same spot "
today was intense  time for bed 
"   and to wake up half empty, only to be filled again with mourning  he's my evil shadow dove, my black palamito; can't break him like a <propfemale> skull, i can't seem to do so "
and this is why 98% of my friends are guys because i absolutely cannot stand girl drama 
success! finally rearranged the apartment to accommodate the christmas tree 
i have not been able to sit down -- not even once today  about to leave for christmas shopping 
just spent the last hour on the phone with my boyfriend  i miss him so much and i finally get to see him tomorrow! ?
"off to bed! need to be up early tomorrow  going out to dinner at home town buffet with my grandparents and sister for thanksgiving, then going to see <propfirst>! i am extremely excited!"
i just ate so much food i'm about to go into a coma 
"thank god i'm pretty, every skill i ever have will be in question, every ill that i must suffer merely brought on by myself "
"oy vey, i need to go to bed "
suddenly     i would like to buy some light blue eyeshadow and dark blue eyeliner  how odd 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is no known cure for those who deserve a punch in the face "
yikes! bed time 
"doing two loads of laundry at <propfirst>'s at 3:44 am  kind of not cool, but incredibly awesome at the same time "
i slept 3 hours today  awesome 
"wow, it is really quiet in here   "
"found my mom and sister really awesome christmas gifts, but am having a terrible time finding my boyfriend something   he already has everything!!!!!"
"i like how everyone changed their profile picture to a cartoon character, feeling like they've made a difference, then finding out they're only aiding pedophiles  ohhhh, facebook  you slay me "
i am so ridiculously cold right now that i may just go to bed to stay warm 
"16 days until my birthday  oh, boy   "
"should probably shower now, but i can't decide whether i want to eat first or after "
i cannot believe i am still awake at 5:25 am while being sick 
games like cod and halo are lame and boring 
probably just going to go to bed  still not feeling very well  also need to go home tomorrow for sure or else nothing will ever get done 
"hopefully tomorrow i'll be home because i still have a lot of important things i need to do  still need to buy some presents, wrap presents, & help gma <propfemale> put up christmas decorations  can't believe it's already the 13th "
"the more i think about my birthday and christmas, the more uncomfortable i feel  it is especially worse during new years "
i miss my mom and sister  just sayin' 
<propfemale>'s going to pick me up tomorrow around 3:45 pm and we're going to go shopping at the belden village mall  then she's taking me home which will be incredibly awesome because i am sure my mother and sister forgot who i am  really 
"good god  our upstairs neighbor came down asking for jumper cables, saw i was playing farmville and then felt it was a great idea to talk about how she has just started playing  farmville is plaguing the universe  i'd be surprised if aliens didn't play it as well "
i'm looking at a new hairstyle and a possible tattoo  fuck yeah 
"i tried desperately hard to avoid this, but      i'm in love with reaver  goddamn you lionhead studios "
"spring is frozen, now i'm stuck in low\wrapped with wire, tapped to the heart\can't find no poison, now i've got no cure"
"going to bed  doctors appointment tomorrow at 1:20 pm  laundry wednesday, then dinner with my grandparents thursday  yay "
i just took out seven bags of trash     that came from under my bed 
so i scrubbed out the shower  it was a beautiful shade of orange 
<propfemale> christmahanukwanza! i believe that covers everybody  hope you all got what you wished for  and thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes 
"i just beat fable iii and all the towns people died because i was too lazy to raise 6 5 million dollars to build an army  so, i went with 750k  hey, at least i got a sweet pair of angel wings  gosh, i'm so pure and benevolent     watching my kingdom fall  ha ha haaaaa  i feel there's supposed to be a deeper meaning behind all this  curse you <propfirst> molyneux "
i want fish and chips  now 
"is it cool to \like\"" your own status now? why am i seeing everybody do this? you are all lame as hell """
"amazing discovery of the day: if you stick and entire ringpop into your mouth, but let the ring part of it stick out, it looks like you have an ant mouth  you know, those little pincher-claws they have? i'm awesome "
"toddlers & tiaras fucking disgusts me  why make a five year old child look like a whore? i've seen the dramatic commercials  those children absolutely do not like what their parents are doing to them  that is just horrible, horrible parenting  those are some sick and twisted mothers, let me tell you   "
"my father died this day last year and when i really think about it, i miss him terribly  so, i'll make this year a great year in his honor  it's really hard to believe that this is the last day of the year  everything went by so quickly, as did christmas  even so, i'm lucky to have such a wonderful, loving family  they've made my year a fun and happy one  much luck and good health to you all in 2011 "
i'm contemplating dying my hair pink or at least getting a pink streak or streaks in it somewhere  maybe baby blue or teal  good or bad idea?
treat your girl right or another guy will 
"uhg, can't sleep  i'll post pictures of my new hair later on     maybe "
"uhg, i can't drive while under the influence of benadryl     lol"
"i have a headache and i'm tired, and i know i have to be awake around noon, but i can't sleep and i have no idea why  also, lol run-on sentences   "
"i'm so cold that i'm contemplating curling up in bed just to get warm   also, my god, this cortizone cream feels so good on my itchy hives  it's like heaven "
"frontierville is like an evil version of harvest <propfemale> (snes)  i always try to clear the farmland in one day on harvest <propfemale>, which is covered in stone, tree, and weeds  except     it is almost impossible to do this on frontierville "
i've taken so much benadryl that it doesn't make me tired anymore  what does this mean?
"oh, god     i think i'm gaining weight  gotta lay off those carbs, man  also, i really miss toonami     a lot "
ringpops are delicious 
"please post this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people will not copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post "
"i feel like a basement dwelling nerd  i'm addicted to facebook games  there, i've admitted to having a problem  first step completed "
i missed my mom  now i miss <propfirst>  freaking damnit! ):
sick with stomach flu or something 
"trying to figure out how to wear blush according to my face shape  however, i can't figure out whether my face is round or square  i'm leaning more towards square  also, i need new blush because it's just too <propfemale> for my fair skin   uhg "
just watched twilight: eclipse     and i liked it 
taking a nap  today is really uneventful 
"dear apathy, i can’t help but feel like i might drown in this stagnant pool of repetition and analytical coincidence  everyday i wake up feeling the same way and thinking the same thoughts  it's as if i have been living through each day and night just to get myself that much closer to the end of my story   "
"me, in a fit of rage concerning <propfirst> bieber   word for word, no mistakes         \why does he always peace sign?\"""""
"taking <propfemale> to school and picking her up, too  mom's sick, so i have to reschedule my doctor's appointment     again! good god "
"just found out a pair of dd breasts weigh 5lbs each, so i'm hauling 10lbs everywhere i go on my back  that means, without my boobs, i'd actually weigh 120lbs  interesting "
i wish i could say the things i felt 
my gynecologist died and now i have a man  what the hell?
"i took the ad&d stats quiz and got these stats annoyed   str:9\  int:11\  wis:17\  dex:15\  con:11\  chr:17\take the quiz yourself at http annoyed  www kevinhaw com add_quiz php"
"mom: is that hung-lo chow mein? (this is her \japanese\"" name for asians   )"""
i am debating whether or not i should wake the bear (a k a  my boyfriend) from his peaceful slumber   
"thinking about getting a pet rat  have any of you ever had pet rats? if so, what can i e playful ect? are they like hamsters? i've got a pet rabbit and a gerbil  so, i'm not completely ignorant of caring for small pets "
i want cheese curls or cheetos  goddamnit 
"struggling to find ways to entertain myself today  figure i'll go take a shower and have somebody pick me up to take me home  i'm in a cleaning mood and or i feel like playing some harvest moon: animal parade, which i don't have here  meh    "
i fucking hate coldsores  fml 
"now i have two cold sores  thank god the bigger one is going away and the newer one is small  fuck you, cold sores  go drown in an ocean of aberva, carmex, & alcohol "
5 surprise 5 am and i'm hungry  what the hell? i need sleep 
hark! the end is nigh!
"i'm watching youtube videos of people popping mrsa infections and it made me really hungry, so i'm chowing down on some poh-tay-toh chyaps  yeah-yuh!"
sigh   
i feel liek voltorb sumtiems blendin in2 teh crowds hopin he dunt get noticed lashin out at ppl hu try 2 get closs  teh saddist part is      he knos hes destroyeng hiself   
"i don't know what i want, but i don't want to be unhappy anymore "
"????????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have or had an amazing mom, put this as your status ?\????????????????? ????? ???????????????"
"megan: guess what i'm playing!\me: yourself "
definitely need to quit this nocturnal bullshit 
i'm sick of the <propfirst>'s day commercials already  seriously 
a cappuccino was a bad choice 
"i've been hyper all day, but now i'm pooped  <propmale> picked me up from <propmale>'s  went to get gas  found out card is only good at speedway after going to sunoco and some other gas station, so had to drive back to canton  had hardies for dinner  got <propfirst>'s gifts from mom and grandparents  found out my exhaust is so bad that it is giving off fumes   major headache and super tired  must not sleep "
oh! also watched the first episode of pokemon black & white  totally awesome  can't wait for the game to come out march 6th!
about to have the best dinner ever  you're all jealous 
why does <propfirst> always choose to watch emotional movies and then fall asleep? i hate it when i have feelings 
i've got myself a yo-yo  i'm going to work my way to the championships!
"megan: did you ever stop to think what the letters stood for in aids?\me: aggressive isosceles <propmale> soup \megan: christ   "
finally watched hard <propfemale>  the fuck just happened?!?!
pokémon black & white is released tomorrow~! ?
"finally saw legend of the guardians: the owls of ga'hoole  absolutely great movie  would watch it again, and for those who haven't seen it yet, i recommend doing so  <propfirst> fell asleep towards the beginning of the film but, well, that's just <propfirst> "
"i hate it when i come back to facebook after a week and find out my private email address was deleted, then listening to facebook tell me how my email address is invalid "
the fuck is this shit? i go to transfer my pokemon from <propfemale> and it makes me play some shitty mini-game where i have to recapture everything i've already caught before just to transfer them over to black? gay 
it's that time  post your pokemon friend codes here  mine is 2408-4402-6717 
"i hate cars  i wish i had a bike  i'd ride it down the highway, plus it'd get me in shape; a win win situation  i also wish i could ride a horse, but riding a horse down the highway wouldn't get me in shape     just stared at "
i will complete the pokedex 100% this time  if i have to replay through sapphire ruby & diamond pearl again   so be it! i am fucking determined!
you were disconnected from the gts  error code: 13274     i demand something be done concerning the black outs happening in japan  everyone must donate to the red cross  starting now 
"i've been riding my bike back and forth in front of the pokemon day care for 4 hours now, just hatching dozens upon dozens of zorua eggs, hoping for a shiny  shit just got real "
just traded one of my shiny zorua's for a shiny blitzle with pokerus  life is good 
i have hatched so many motherfucking ponyta's that i could puke fire  250 eggs and counting 
great! a coldsore 
just got back from having dinner with <propmale>'s parents  feel totally bad about complaining due to feeling sick  makes me feel unappreciative  ):
