da3ef295526fd47e7baddde09b283a7b
wondering if i'll ever like food again!
i had to pick <propmale> up off the floor! we're having a girl!!!!!
"second set of shots today!!!! my poor baby girl, she's gonna cry!"
the shots went well    phew! tubbo is also in the 75th percentile for weight and the 90th for height! she's doing a lot of things at a 6 month level  the doctor also thinks her eye color is set  poor <propmale>   
!
"i must be insane     makin tostones    oh well, <propmale> sure deserves them!"
"i love my cousin <propfemale> sooooooo much! she is smart, and funny, and hot, and stylish, and she is my mentor! and i wanna be just like her!!!!!!!!!! always!"
got back into my size 9 j-lo jeans today! woot freakin woot!!!! on my way back to the size 7 apple bottoms     partial victory is awesomely sweet when it comes to weight loss!!!!!!!!!
mmmmm     steak and onions rican style! woot-woot! i love cooking!
<propfemale> has had two funny little spots on her bottom gums for a couple of days now that are becoming much more noticeable      oh my gosh my baby's finally getting teeth!
"<propfemale> is 7 months old today! crazy! and i can see her two little white bottom teeth poking through, finally!! what a big girl she is already!"
"<propfemale>'s second stubborn tooth is taking it's sweet time coming in! she is making sure we feel real bad for her though, lol! i'm finding out she can be quite dramatic! she must get that from <propmale>        ;-p"
"that stubborn second tooth finally poked through today! yay! we'll get our <propfemale> back for a bit while we wait for the next set ;-p we had a great weekend, it was so awesome to see <propfemale> and rylee and see the girls play!"
"   only an aunt can hug like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and love like afriend  if you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews, repost this as your status? xoxo austen <propfirst> (aged 14) and rylee addison (aged 6 months) ?"
svu was soooo awesome tonight!
so little miss <propfemale> already has another bottom tooth coming in! where in the heck are the top ones? lol!
<propfemale> is 8 months old today! and wearing her first pair of tights! what a grown up already!
"<propfemale> didn't like to wear big girl tights  we'll have to work on that! she is getting much closer to crawling forward instead of backward  she'll be mobile in no time at all!!!! and she started clapping these last few days! it's so dang cute! she gets excited and claps her little hands, or if she misses, hits herself in her fat belly! she cracks me up!!!!"
"went daycare shopping today     sigh! we found a place to take <propfemale> where we will of course woory about her, but we won't have heart attacks when we have to leave her there  besides, she is so tough! she'll beat up anyone that looks at her funny      right? :["
"so, it's looking like we are going to have to part with our precious doggies  it's so sad  can anyone help me find a good home for a 5 year old 25 lb fat chinese crested that has a problem with peeing (he must be watched a lot and taken out often to fix that), and a 6 1 2 year old 130 lb great <propmale> that has no problems at all (she's just a little slooooooowwww is all)???? these are great kids, they need a good home!"
<propfemale> started crawling today!!!!! yayyyyyy!
"<propfemale> starts daycare tomorrow! how am i gonna do this??? i think <propmale> is even more upset than i am! i'll be calling them every hour, they're gonna get sick of me  too bad!"
"so far <propfemale> is doing well in daycare  they find her adorable, and she is smiling as usual! i am so glad! they said she is very curious about her surroundings  her teacher was really nice, and <propfemale> went to her with a sweet smile when i handed her over  oh, my sweet funny baby! yay!"
"another update, lol!!!! <propfemale> is doing great! when the other 3 babies started crying she got scared and started crying too  but they picked her up and she calmed down quickly, she just needed to know everything was ok! now they are playing with dragons on the floor  that's cool  no wimpy toys for my <propfemale>!"
"<propfemale> did so well at daycare yesterday! my  only gripe was they changed her pants and didn't make sure her outfit matched! sigh! she is doing well today too, having some carrots and cereal, and 'talking ' i could hear her! i love her! i can't wait to pick her up later!"
so we 'popped in' on <propfemale> at daycare  i made sure she didn't see me but i wanted to be sneaky and see what was up! she was so cute! sitting on the floor with 2 other babies playing with a toy! she had that look where she's concentrating and her cheeks are all fat and her lips stickin out  2 more hours til i pick her up!!!!
"<propfemale> is doing better every day at daycare  today she was smiling and cooing at her teacher as soon as we got there  it was so cute! yesterday they asked if they could give her crackers  i said yes, but don't be alarmed at her loud gagging, lol! she did gag! so they put her high chair facing the other 8-month-old  she watched that little girl and decided she could tough it out! so she ate some crackers! lol!"
"poor <propfemale> is officially sick, for the very first time  she still smiles a lot, but she's all congested and her little nose is running away! i tried so hard to keep my germs away from her, i didn't get to kiss her all week, and she still got my cooties! i sure kissed her up good today! now the next time she'll get sick from daycare! crapola!"
we found a home for <propfemale>! yaaaaaaaay! i am so glad!
i can't wait to cook a turkey!!!!! i think i'll grind some up and see if willa-boo likes it! poor kid needs to bulk up a little ;-p
"i just seasoned and bagged my turkey, hooray!!!!! there is something quite sadistically satisfying about stabbing him up to get the flavor in    lol  and <propmale> can't watch, that is so funny  and this year our turkey still had a few feathers  that was weird  i had to pluck him a little bit  i tried to hide that from <propmale>  lol  he saw  uh-oh "
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"hehehe, i just went through and listed all of my family members  there are so many! if i left anyone off, i am sorry, just let me know and i'll add you!!!!! it's not because i don't love you, i promise!"
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, dec 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same  it's a fun easy way to spread awareness "
wilhelmina-beana is 9 months old today! and the poor thing has to get her shots  sad  poooooooor baby!
"ok, so it wasn't so bad  <propfemale> only got a flu shot! she is doing very well, and is in the 76th percentile for weight, and the 96th for height!!!!!! she is so tall! i love it  i hope she's even taller than her mama!"
<propfemale> still has a fever  i called the doctor and they said that's normal and she can have one for up to a week!! what?!? i hope not! i want her better plus i can't miss that much work!
"so far <propfemale> seems to be much better! the fever broke, i hope it stays broke!"
"<propfemale> is doing so much better, i am so glad!! her teacher at daycare said she was suuuuuper happy today! awww, she missed her lil friends! i am so glad she's better!"
ugh! still at work! what a long day! almost done for today though! it's going quicker than i thought it would! i miss <propmale> and <propfemale>  sad 
"back at work! left at about 11 last night, just got back about 15 minutes ago  um     yay?"
ok     my weekend is starting now! yay!
<propfemale> kept chasing after me this morning to snap my fishnet stockings with her funny little fingers  she had some weird fascination with them  she's also been 'kissing' people  if she likes you she'll just lick you right up your whole cheek  beware 
yay friday!
"alright then, that is it! lol! i am going to follow my <propmale>'s lead and start getting rid of people! if you are not related to me (relatives get a free pass) and you don't at least give me a 'whud up' in the next couple of days i'm un-friending you  yes  this means you! because, come on! why friend someone if you never actually want to talk to them? i don't need peeps that don't give a crap clogging up my wall "
"the snow outside is so pretty! the flakes are huge! <propfemale> wondered what the heck was going on, lol!"
"yesterday when i picked <propfemale> up from daycare one of her teachers i haven't really met came up to me to tell me how adorable she thinks <propfemale> is! she said she's just the cutest baby the have, and that she is very very smart for her age! cool! i mean, i knew all that, but still    yeah! lol"
"we have been trying to teach <propfemale> to be 'soft' since we are not cool with loosing an eye, or any other part of our face she wants to rip off when she's excited  yes, she will slap the hell outta you too  so we pout at her with our bottom lip out and tell her 'ow!' she feels bad she starts to cry!!!! awwww! it's so sad, but she has to learn it hurts! i don't think she knows yet, she just feels bad that we are so sad!"
ugh     is it still monday?
sent my check out the other day to sponsor junydine (80 bucks a year and she goes to school and gets a hot meal while there)  i can't wait to get all the info back on her  i am excited to send her some little dresses and some baby clothes for the other little girls in her little village 
<propfemale> is 10 months old today! that's just plain crazy 
willa-boo keeps on getting sturdier! she's always wanting to stand up while holding on to stuff  i think she's going to be walking so soon!!!
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age, etc  you can remove yourself by searching for yourself on their site, copying the url of your <propfemale>, then go to the bottom of the <propfemale> and click on privacy button to remove yourself  copy & repost so your fb friends are aware"
"well, <propfemale> is talking!!!! that's what i'm callin it anyway, i say it counts  she dropped something while she was standing up holding on to her changing table  she said 'uh-ohhhh!' and bent to pick it up!!!!!!!!!! how cool is that?!?!?! i repeated it, and she laughed and said it again! she knows what it means for cryin out loud!"
heheheh      <propfemale> stopped saying 'uh-oh' so much and is now saying 'nuh-uh' as she shakes her head! lol!!!! she is so funny and adorable!
"<propfemale>'s vocabulary is ever e playful anding! along with saying 'uh-oh,' 'hiiiiiii,' 'ma-ma,' and 'da-da,' she is now saying '<propmale>!' <propmale> did get her to say his name on saturday  she wouldn't do it again though  she also turned 11 months old yesterday! one more month     sigh "
"to celebrate ? valentines day ? change your profile picture to you and your spouse and tell how long you have been together  \been together for almost 6 years, married for almost 2 years, been buddies for almost 14 years!!!!!! i love you dirka jirka butley!!!!!!!"
"to celebrate ? valentines day ? change your profile picture to you and your spouse and tell how long you have been together  \been together for almost 6 years, married for almost 2 years, been buddies for almost 14 years!!!!!! i love you dirka jirka butley!!!!!!!"
"i had a great valentin'es day! <propmale> snuck into my work on sunday night, so i had balloons, a card, and truffles waiting for me  that was awesome  and <propfemale> thought the balloons were cool, when i put her in the car yesterday evening after picking her up from daycare she kept saying, \whoa!\"" hilarious!"""
<propfemale> stood up without holding on to anything and took two steps!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wow!
"<propfemale> has added a few more words to her vocabulary! we now have a pretty full list: daddy, muh-muh (that's me), hiiiii, bye-bye, uh-oh, nuh-uh, aah-chee (that's <propmale>, and every dog), noooo, ruff-ruh (that's grandpa), and bay-ee (for her baby <propmale>)  i guess a couple of those aren't really words, but they count to me! notice there are no swear words in there      surprising "
"yesterday <propfemale> was checking out what was in all the kitchen cabinets she could reach  she found the cooking utensils, pulled out a big spoon, and was besties with it the rest of the night  what was so cool, was that when she found it, she stood up with it for a long time, then took 5 steps over to me, then stood by me for even longer! if she would have realized what she was doing, she probably would have fallen "
happy birthday  to my <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"it's official (i say)     <propfemale> is walking on her first birthday! after most of the guests left, she just kept standing up on her own and walking! like, 5 and 6 steps at a time! it's crazy! yay <propfemale>!"
"<propfemale> had her 12 month appt today  they poked her 5 times!!!! it was so sad  shots are worth it   sad  she's so tough though, she didn't cry for long  she is only weighing 21 1 2 lbs, in the 55th percentile for weight, but she is 31 1 2 inches long, the 98th for height  she's gonna be taller than me!"
"<propfemale> was in a great mood today! yay! i was worried about her after she got so many shots yesterday  she even has a little bruise around one of them  poor baby  she is happy though, so i am too!"
"<propfemale>'s been getting a little whole milk for the past couple of days  we haven't seen a reaction yet! i really hope this continues to go well  i'm upping her 'milk dosage' tonight and if all still goes well, we'll up it again on sunday  she could be fully on whole milk by the end of next week! oh- by the way    i tried to just give it to her straight and of course she gagged  thats why we're getting into it slowly "
"<propfemale> ate so many strawberries on saturday! i would ask her, 'do you want more?' and she would say 'mo! mo!' so cute  then we brought out the asparagus     she loved it! this kid is nuts!!!! she ate a lot of it     then her pee smelled funny yesterday  if only she was old enough to understand why daddy thought that was so funny! lol!"
"we are at the doctor  <propfemale> has rsv and it pretty much gave her an ear infection! she is still happy, with intermittent crying  sigh "
"willa-boo is doing ok today  not coughing a lot, but she has a little fever and she is cranky  she is trying to be happy and play, but she stops often to complain  poor baby "
"<propfemale> and i are watching romancing the stone! i haven't seen this in forever  poor <propfemale> is actually sitting still  she seems a lot better than yesterday, but still isn't herself  how sad!"
"well, <propfemale> is back in daycare today  she is feeling much better  that was demonstrated when she lunged at her teacher this morning, she was glad to be back with her little friends!!!!! yay!!!!!!"
"when i picked <propfemale> up from daycare i was informed that not only was she happy and awesome, her and her little friend played all day  they kissed their toys    muah! then they lloked at each other and- muah! kissed each other  cute! <propmale> thinks this is promising "
"<propfemale> is such a scavenger! she is always looking for little things to put in her mouth  i am constantly telling her things are ca-ca, so now she keeps saying it! lol- everything is ca-ca! it seems to be the only word she doesn't say at the right time  she called <propmale> ca-ca, heheheheheh    "
"sometimes, ya gotta un-friend people  not just on facebook, but real life too  there are always two sides to every story, so hopefully at some point some would want to hear my side  i just don't need people in my life that make me feel like nothing, and i sure as shit ain't gonna let people like that affect my child  i am here to protect her, and i will with every ounce of strength that i have until the day i die "
that's not fair!!! i fully wanted to see the beautiful marika fruscio's stuff!!!!! i'm not ashamed to admit it!!!! lmao!!!!
"<propfemale> got 'more' and 'all done' down <propfirst> in sign language today, cuz she is super smart! then she was mimicking a frog     'ribbut, ribbut!' first part = mom and second part = dad! bwah-ha-ha-ha-haaah!"
"damn, i sat there and clicked all those things     i have too much time on my hands after <propfemale> goes to sleep  at least i got to compliment all my friends!!!!!"
"happy birthday to my wonderful dad!!! from your best present ever, hahahahahahah!"
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words are harder than you think"
"happy 31st birthday to the most wonderful man, husband, and father in the world       my <propmale>!!!!!!! yaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy!!!!!"
"please repost this if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the damn face  people who need a punch in the damn face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the damn face, except a punch in the damn face  93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they probably need a punch in the damn face!"
i am so glad my dad is feeling a little better after 4 days of being terribly sick! i sure hope this ends soon and he gets back to his old self!!!!! i love him!
