62bf19a2a50e024183c2da20be7a4b02
screw the new year 
screw men
is very tired  been up since 3 am  going to go to bed
missing some ppl and wishing my ex would leave me alone  dont know why he even tries
omg <propfirst> <propmale> is dead
cant believe my baby's dad wants nothing to do with her 
hmm
watched transformers 2 and got puked on by my little angel   
going to the emergency room
"tired, really need to try and take naps"
thinking
happy fourth of july everyone
going to <propmale>
going to my daughters appt  be back in two hours
my daughter is a month old today!! she now weighs 8 lbs 7 oz and is 21 inches long!!
finally got my daughter to sleep and she wakes up after only 30 <propfemale> !!
has a pinched nerve in my back  sad 
just doesnt understand some people
bored  get to go to the zoo friday!!
had fun at the zoo yesterday
<propfemale> slept through the whole night last night
"found the cutest shirt in the world today! going to the bar saturday, whos going with me!"
doesnt remember much from last night
rockin the beer gut its just a little extra love around her waist
both hands tied behind my back for nothing
why in the world is my ex boyfriend calling me again     twice yesterday
bored
watching dating in the dark    interesting
<propfemale> viagra!
ugh i hate all the lovey dovey status messages  seriously we know you love each other you dont have to post it every single day  its too much
err  i hate banks 
i wish i had a car
why do i attract the weirdos   had a guy stalking me at the horse races last night
i really miss my dog   ilove my dog     why did he have to go  i love you dog
my little angel is two months today!!!
baby baby when we first met i never felt something so strong you were like my lover and my best friend all wrap into one with a ribbon on it  and all of a sudden when you left i didnt how to follow  its like a shot that spun me around and now my heart left i feel so empty and hollow  and ill never give myself to another the way i gave it to you 
theres nothing i could say to you nothing i could ever do to make you see what you mean to me all the pain the tears i cried still you never said goodbye and now i know how far youd go    i love you muffy
"going to bed, i love you muffy  i cant wait to see you again  you better call me tomorrow morning, first thing when you wake up, before you do anything, you better open your eyes reach for your phone and call me  i love you baby  cant wait to see you again  miss you already  call me first thing or its over "
is getting married!!!!! i love you baby!
"is married to a loser but i love her more than anything else in the world (besides my daughter) i cant wait to have a baby with her, moving in with her tomorrow, cant wait to see her again, i miss her so much, she just left five minutes ago, i miss her <propfemale> much come back to me, we didnt get to have wedding sex "
dead tired
am i ever going to have less than 100 requests    this is insane
going to <propmale> tonight and will be there all day tomorrow
ahh saw my stalker again last night
i love you!!! you know who you are!
cooking curry rice    mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
dua të bëj dashuri me një agostini
"says \i'm great in bed! i can sleep for days!\"""""
have to be up at 7 but cant fall asleep  have my hida scan at 9   hoping they can figure out what is wrong with me 
my daughter is waking up and i cant pick her up  sad  stupid doctors and their tests
just got the dna test results back  he is 99 97% the father! pay up
has been losing touch with friends but dont think i care cuz they are all conceded and only think about themselves anyways  they just want want want
saw the final destination in 3d   pretty good
is exhuasted and has paint all over me
rockin the beer gut
wants to go for a ride on your big green tractor
to date or not to date that is the question
trying to get my lil munchkin to take a nap
sorry about the photo tags everyone    not sure whats happening and trying to get them off
you havent been in her life since shes been born and now you want to get to know her? your the one that abandoned us while i was pregnant 
baking cookies    and yes <propfemale> <propfirst>  you can have some!!! ill make a batch just for you!!
<propfemale> lihtsalt sitta <propfemale> padi
loves life and my close friends couldnt ask for more
is looking for a babysitter for wednesday october 1st at 1pm! have a stupid meeting to go to 
revision: looking for a babysitter for wednesday september 30th  oct  1st is something different 
is stupid and dropped her phone in the toilet so i dont have any <propfirst>!!
about to watch vampire diaries!!!
ugh im never drinking again      so tired
last night was amazing!!!
is so proud of my baby girl    she rolled from her back to her stomach and then from her stomach to her back in five minutes!!!
"is looking for a daycare, but so far everyone is booked"
is waiting for him to get off work  only two and a half hours till i get to see him
is babysitting and watching <propfemale> the e playful lorer (i hate that show)
is getting my hair highlighted and cut!
wow
thinks someone needs to stop keepng me up all  night!!!
is watching the vampire diaries
is about to bake some cookies   anyone want some!!
my boyfriend took me out in a big green tractor last night! it was so much fun cant wait to do it again!
house was awesome and next weeks looks like a great episode too   i cant wait!!
ugh what a day! <propfemale> got her shots    terrible 
has a job interview tomorrow!!!!!
wooohoo three job interviews!!!! two today and one on sunday!
feels like shit    damn <propfemale>
had a great night last night 
my daughter is such a big girl   eating great off a spoon!! so proud of her
thinks couples retreat was a good movie
finally has a job!!!
"ground beef stroganoff 1 lb  ground beef1 2 c  chopped onion2 tbsp  flour2 tsp  salt1 4 tsp  pepper1 (8 oz ) can mushrooms, undrained1 (10 1 2 oz ) can cream of chicken soup, undiluted1 c  sour creamcook noodles brown meat and onion; pour off any grease  add flour, salt, pepper, and mushrooms  cook 5 minutes on medium heat, uncovered  add soup and simmer uncovered 10 minutes  stir in sour cream"
is done with it all   fuck it
wow what a day   started my job today 
did so good at work that they moved me up to a campaign that only certain ppl can do and let me off training after an hour and a half!!!!
finds herself doing things she wouldnt have done before with you
says yes <propfemale> <propfirst> you are vain!
my daughter held her bottle yesterday and said momma!!!! she is getting to be such a big girl!
my baby girl is now 16 lbs and 28 inches!!!! she is getting so big  five months old today!!
my boyfriend invited me to go hunting with him and his family and sunday!! i cant wait im so excited!!
my boyfriend invited me to go hunting with him and his family on sunday!! i cant wait im so excited!!
my boyfriend invited me to go hunting with him and his family and sunday!! i cant wait im so excited!! and he is going to take me shopping friday to get the right clothes and a coat for hunting!!!
cant wait for sunday!!
finally got my computer back!!! go walmart!!!!
fml! i have no babysitter
solved my babysitting problem     but i cant tell anyone who it is!!!
ugh    life    what a treat
is dead tired! why cant he just get here already! i want to go to bed!
i have the best boyfriend on the planet!!! im so lucky!!!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!
is upset    whatever
still feels drunk!
my mom got into a car accident today
my mom just kicked me and <propfemale> out   what am i suppose to do?
is tired
omg the internet is working how long do you think it will last!!!!
my baby is six months today!!!!!!
cant wait to go to vegas with my man!
my daughters six months pictures are today!!
"why do guys say one thing, but mean another?!?! why cant they just say what they mean??! its so confusing!!!"
my sister was in a car accident
had the worst dream in the world last night
x-mas present ideas!!! anyone got some!! what are you suppose to get guys!?!?!?
has been feeling really lonely lately
i hate banks!
wishes my daughter would take a nap
wishes my phone was working and i wasnt sick
finally got my phone working!!!! now to make some fudge!
why do doctors have to take so long to call you back! my poor baby is really sick
omg my family is so weird!
is trying to find a ride into <propmale>
gets my new vehicle tomorrow!
is getting drunk and cant wait for tomorrow night! who wants to join me tommorow!
little fockers is a funny movie!
why is it that the sweetest men are always the biggest assholes
when your going through a hard time god sends you people to make everything better    god sent me <propmale> (no thats not his real name)that guy is awesome  he makes going to work fun!!
black
is kind of bummed that i didnt get to see <propmale> today     and is feeling kind of sad for a different reason too  just not a good day for me 
has just found out she is pregnant
just got home from the avatar in 3d movie   it was awesome!!
finds it hard not to think about him even though i know i shouldnt
needs to find a <propmale> old man to marry   pronto!!!
my fine is $1000000000
is getting nickelback tickets tomorrow!!
life sucks then you die oh well    time to go out
lately ive been hard to reach ive been too long on my own everyone has their private world where they can be alone  are you calling me? are you trying to get through? are you reaching out for me? im reaching out for you  im just so fucking depressed  i just cant seem to get out of this slump if i could just get over this hump but i need something to pull me out of this dump
"i will not bow, i will not break, i will shut the world away, i will not fall, i will not fade, i will take your breath away, and ill survive paranoid, i have lost the will to change, and im not proud, cold-blooded fate, i will shut the world away "
has decided that its a lot easier and im a lot happier being single  i love my daughter and we dont need a man in our life!
really hates being sick    especially when you have to work!
really wishes i could get some damn sleep
really wishes that gennene <propfemale> rowley did not teach my daughter how to say gaga that is all she keeps saying!
1  need you tonight by inxs 2  look away by chicago 
when you think <propmale> mcgraw i hope you think my favorite song the one we danced to all night long the <propfemale> like a spotlight on the lake when you think happiness i hope you think that little black dress think of my head on your chest and my old faded blue jeans when you think <propmale> mcgraw i hope you think of me
you say youll call but i know you wont
so tired   wonders why he ignored me today  sad 
"didnt you know how much i loved you baby, i gave you everything, every part of me, didnt you feel it when i touched you, didnt i rock you when i loved you baby"
is worried about my little munchkin
thinks i would rather be at work than stuck here with my mom!
i love my job    and damn am i popular with the men lately!!! oh and i was saved today so i can die and go straight to heaven   thanks creepy old lady!!
thinks its disgusting when people sleep with their cousins   if your that desperate go thirty <propmale> in either direction and pick a hobo off the street 
"lord what a day    i need a vacation and to win the lottery   or maybe just a <propmale> old guy to marry     and men are really confusing   do they not understand the things they say and do, do have consequences!!! damn them"
is now even more confused    only got two hours of sleep   not sure why <propfemale> wouldnt sleep   my ex came over at 230 am saying he was sorry and confused    not sure what to think    what to do!!
doesnt know what to do    is thinking about crawling into a hole for a while    where no one can bother me    got to love life!!
thinks my poor little munchkin has an ear infection!  sad 
so i have a boyfriend?
damn im tired
has court on april 12th for her child support hearing!!! finally! it only took nine months to find him 
is going out tonight for the first time in a long time!
needs to stay away from shopko!! damn they have cute baby clothes!!!!!
what do you do if the internet on your ipod touch freezes?
is trying to find a babysitter for saturday but the state game is going on fml
just got done watching shutter island    kind of a weird movie!
just got home from watchin <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d with <propfemale> <propfirst> and chantel    had a great time!!!
"i only said we would make it across, i never said anything about the wheels staying on!"
"you know <propmale> just when i think you couldnt possibly get any dumber, you do something like this, and totally redeem yourself!!!"
"i swear, i'm so pissed off at my mom  as soon as she's of age, i'm putting her in a home "
"oop    i almost forgot  i won't be able to make it fellas  <propfemale> and i trying this new fad called uh, jogging  i believe it's jogging or yogging  it might be a soft j  i'm not sure but apparently you just run for an extended period of time  it's supposed to be wild "
"dear lord baby jesus, lyin' there in your ghost manger, just lookin' at your baby einstein developmental videos, learnin' 'bout shapes and colors  i would like to thank you for bringin' me and my mama together, and also that my kids no longer sound like retarded gang-bangers"
"<propfemale> will be one year old in three months!! that is crazy, where has the year gone!"
hmmmmmmmm          
never shake a baby damn it! hate hearing bout that on the news 
why do guys have to make everything so complicated?
getting ready to go to <propmale>!
got put on probation at work damn it
going to norfolk!
just got home from five hours worth of shopping in norfolk!
just got done watching a good episode of house!
just spent $70 on my  mom for her birthday    hope she likes it 
"wants to do something, anything to get out of the house today!"
really hates it when people lie    is it that hard to tell the god damn truth!!!!
why should i try if you dont want to    i give up!
"why do people text me at 2, 3, 4 in the morning! yes i got texts at all three of those times! i was sleeping people!!!!!"
why do i have to go to work  errrr 
anyone else think men are really confusing!!
you live you learn  you loose you learn you bleed you learn you scream you learn 
is so proud of my baby girl!! on sunday she figured out how to suck on her sippy cups! she is doing great!
hangovers and spending time with the family    fun stuff
made my car into a hybrid by siphoning gas out of your tank 
my friends status says she was standing on the edge of a mountain   so i poked them 
"well, the little munchkin is asleep    time for bed  gets to spend the whole day with her tomorrow    gotta love days off!!!!!"
my little girl can stand on her own!!! she is growing up so fast!
so wow the bar was empty last night!
my daughter has all her front teeth now!!! its so cute!!!
cant wait for tomorrow night!
had a great time last night and im not <propmale> over  wooohooo
is watching the acm's 
"\he's doing something behind her back  he used a business trip to nebraska as a cover  like thats an actual place!\"""""
ugh im bored!!!
so my daughters father just asked me to send him papers to sign over his rights 
my mom drives me insane!
is extremely tired 
i was stalked once   by a dog 
is blissfully happy
finally got internet back!
i love the fact that your gay 
cant believe tomorrow is the season finale of vampire diareis!  sad 
blah blah blah blah blah
"our father, who <propmale> in heaven, hallowed be thy name  thy kingdom come, \thy will be done, on e<propmale>h as it is in heaven  give us this day our \daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who \trespass against us  and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us \from evil  for thine is the kingdom, and the power, the <propfemale>, now and \forever  amen "
is going to norfolk!
had a wonderful time fourwheelin yesteday and spending time with my man  only had five ticks on me! still a great time  cant wait for the upcoming weeks and fun stuff planned!!!!
cant believe my daughter will be one in two weeks!!!!!!
oh joy another day with the family   sad 
the nickelback concert was absolutely amazing last night!!! tired as hell though and found out to never go grocery shopping with gennene 
this research paper is gay!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!
so excited for this weekend!!!!!
has an absolutely wonderful life! had a great time with my man this weekend  so glad we got to spend a little alone time together! best weekend ever! wishes my phone worked but oh well! life is wonderful regardless!
mmmmmm love             
watching mcgruber
getting ready to go to the feedlot with my man!
going to run to <propmale> to see my man
is extremely tired cuz a certain someone decided to keep me up til 2 smile 0 this mornging!!! cant believe <propfemale> is one today!!!
just got done watching the killers  good movie
getting ready for <propfemale>'s birthday party    would be easier if she would stop messing with everything!!!!!
had the most wonderful day in the world!!!!!
thinks some people need to grow the f up 
baking cookies for my man!
is tired of my mom dictating how i am to raise my daughter 
sleep!!!
ten more minutes til my man gets off work!! get to see him in 40 minutes!!! good thing i took a nap!
hurray for the weekend!!! cant wait to spend some time with my man!!! kind of miss him 
so glad there is no work in the morning!! get to sleep in and wake up in his arms!!!
found out today why people have more than one kid    to keep the other one busy so mom can get something done!!!
had a great time last night!! didnt want to leave him today  now majorly bored   daughter taking a nap noone home     what to do
"dear mother nature, if you are going to continue flooding the roads,pls flood them all  would rather skip work all together than wake up early to get there  thank you!"
tired and bored
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored and guess what bored!
waiting to go see eclipse!
happy fourth of july everyone
errrrrrr damn phone and is wondering where that man of mine got to!
"has had such a busy week, it feels weird to be doing nothing right now  should be fun tonight though!"
getting ready to go to karaoke! should be a fun night!
needs new and better friends
found out that budweiser premium light55 calorie beer actually doesn't taste bad!
is regretting buying shots for my sister  payback really is a bitch! damn yoy <propfirst>!
so feeling pretty good for getting drunk last night and waking up at 8 smile 0 this morning
is tired    waiting for my man to get off so i can go to bed!!!
is bored out of my mind!!!!
loves watching my daughter purposefully running into walls  lol getting ready to go to norfolk for a wedding shower then bachlorette pary tonight!
is soooo tired     but cant sleep!
has realized there is a lot of ppl on facebook via mobile web at 1 am
is going to clean up my friends list some     think you'll make the cut?
getting ready for the wedding!!!
is pissed  really wishes i could do what i had planned but no     i dont have my damn vehicle or my damn phone  thanks a lot
is tired 
"loves being late for work, especially when its not my fault!"
"well ended up having to call into work  oh well, get to spend some quality time with <propfemale>!!"
"mmmm     scrambled eggs, hot dogs, and about five different types of cheese  got to love it when <propfemale> helps pick out breakfast!"
just  got done watching vampires suck  it was kind of funny
is excited for the zoo on friday!!! and can not believe my man has never been to the circus! i mean really     who hasnt been to a circus!!!
yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay! yay!
had a great time at the zoo today! took tons of pictures  the kids loved the animals!
getting ready to go out to karaoke with <propfemale> brachle!!!! woohooo! should be a fun night 
had great time at karaoke last night! might head to the horse races today with <propfemale> 
is in extreme pain and just wants it to end 
getting ready for bowling!
"getting ready to go to karaoke!!!!! should be a great night, my man is going with me! yay"
getting ready to go to <propmale> 
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
needs a new job pronto!
just bought some recycled toilet paper!!
"has bowling tonight! was happy to spend some time with my man this morning, even though we were in a tractor the whole time "
going to bed 
my daughter is adorable! she just climbed onto the recliner and into her high chair waiting for her lunch!
"men are so disappointing,"
phone doesnt work anymore! the display went out so i can not receive texts only phone calls!  sad 
ok not having a display is driving me insane! ppl keep texting and calling and i cant see who it is! especially when you miss the call and you cant check who it was 
"has a tired, crabby lil girl "
isnt love just about the best thing in the world!
yay!! vampire diaries starts tonight!!
got bowling tonight!!!
doesnt feel so great today
got a new phone and picked up a potty chair of my little lady!!!
wishes i didn't live here so i wouldn't have to deal with this  every night
"does he watch your favorite movies, does he hold you when you cry, does he let you tell him all your favorite parts when you've seen it a million times, does he sing to all your music while you dance to purple rain "
wishes someone would save me from the monotony of my life
going to make caramel brownies! mmm mmm
is really tired
omg that was a horrible dream i had last night!
"just loves how active my lil girl is in the morning, especially since it takes me about an hour to wake up! at least when the price is right is on she settles down and watches it!"
had a hornet flying around inside my pants while driving not good
got bowling tonight!
had a great night last night four wheeling with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst>  wishing i hadn't got drunk though
had a fun time at nydias birthday party  now to cook supper before bowling tonight
has a fun day of absolutely nothing planned  woohoo
has another day of absolutely nothing planned  might take <propfemale> on a walk down to the park  its a nice day out 
hates how you grow up and lose touch with all your friends
loves being stuck doing nothing  watching my man work on a tractor thingy with his family is boring 
planning on a nice quiet day at home alone with <propfemale>
my poor baby girl is <propfemale> sick! wish she was feeling better 
i like it on the stairs
"got kicked off my bowling team, but i'm glad  so tired of her and all her drama"
"got a free preview of babyfirst tv from directtv, <propfemale> loves it! is glued to the tv "
just picked up three big pumpkins!
go longhorns!!! has given up whats the point in trying anymore 
yeah! texas won!
feels like       
"got <propfemale> down for a nap, the puppy is sleeping, house clean, time to finsih my book!"
feels like crying for absolutely no reason  plus my daughter is driving me insane today 
"it seems like everywhere i go, the more i see the less i know  but i know one thing i love you "
thinks my daughter nees more friends
my daughter took off her dirty diaper brought it to me and said here you go  just what i wanted
can not believe the vampire diaries tonight!
god i miss him
doesnt know what to do or say
"i remember the way you made love to me\like i was all you'd ever need\did you change your mind\well i didn't change mine\now here i am trying to make sense of it all\we were best friends now we don't even talk\you broke my heart\ripped my world apart"
"why tempt fate? sorry everyone, i am superstitious, and this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy, will be without money  i cannot let that pe   rson be me    copy within 11 <propfemale> "
"i miss the way u love me,how u hug from behind,the way u held my hand,n the way u smile,now i'm sittin' here,tryna get u off my mind,cryin feeling like i'd die "
"things are looking up! got a part time job,worked things out with my man, happy!"
my feet are killing me from standing all day! cant wait to go out with <propfemale> tomorrow!!! going to be a blast 
had a great time last night at the depot with <propfemale>!
hates the whole jealous boyfriend thing  why don't you just trust me and get off my back
had a fun time with <propfemale> at big unz last night
"remember if you see a turtle on top of a fence post, it had help getting up there!"
got my haircut today!
really wishes i knew where my dog took my bra too 
yay work!
hates that whip my hair song! when it comes on i want to shoot my stereo!
people these days! going to see <propmale> potter tonight with <propfemale> and <propfemale>
maybe its time to change leave it all behind  i've never been one to walk alone ive always been scared to try 
heading to <propmale>!
damn you winter!! why cant you go somewhere else!
got a christmas tree!
oh what a night! glad its over 
just strung popcorn on the christmas tree!
is tired   gotta love those four o clock wake up calls by drunk ppl
"so if everyones man is the greatest man in the world, does that make all men great?"
love means you never have to say your sorry 
my daughter is such a goodball!
got victorias pictures done!
men are such jerks
really hates this being sick thing 
"cant wait for christmas!! making chocolate pie, peanut butter pie, and butterfinger pie!! plus spending some time with my wonderful man!!"
"mmm chocolate! i love you, but you are the devil!"
has a wonderful boyfriend   had a great christmas!
hopes my day starts to get better  knowing my luck it won't though 
tangled is such a cute movie!
i never thought i'd be in love like this
happy new year everyone
3 am wake up call-sisters laptop playing music even though it has been turned off  creepy? definitely!
can't wait to go out to eat with my man tonight!!!
getting ready to go to norfolk
mmm pickles and <propmale> noodles  the things my daughter eats 
can't wait to get out of the house tonight!
had a great time last night  thinking about going to a movie tonight!
my daughter is a riot! how did i get so lucky!
cant wait to go to yankton with my man for valentines day!
just booked the room! its official now  can't wait! hope the next two weeks go by fast!
well i got hit by a dog carrier and now my <propfirst> is out of commission
i love my boyfriend! dont know what i would do without him right now 
is thinking case 39 is a wierd movie
"is thinking movie night! paranormal activity 2, the social network, and you again!"
"movie night was great, now time for bed!"
going to see no strings attached with <propfemale>!
thought no strings attached was a funny movie!
off to spend the weekend with the most wonderful man in the world!
is as happy as can be!
doesn't get why ppl go through other ppl to ask you a question? can't they ask you themselves?
"took <propfemale> outside, she loves it!"
wonders what you do when you don't have anything in common with someone and just don't agree with anything they are doing anymore 
loves it when he decides to be an ass
why couldn't the warm weather stay!
cant wait to go to the shrine circus!!
loves watching grease!
grape
well its friday night and i'm sitting at home reading a book about nebraska  my life is great 
yay girl scout cookies!
hmm what to do?
is going to the bar to help celebrate erics birthday;
wasted two years trying to make him happy but apparently that's not possible cause i don't have a <propmale> between my legs!
being single is nice  think i might do  it for a while!
"yeah, got my taxes back! time to look for a new vehicle!"
met the man of my dreams today!
jackass 3 is awesome and disgusting!
just went on the best date in the world with the most amazing man
can't wait for saturday!
"well its official, i'm pregnant"
well this is annoying
ha ha ha ha
bedtime
ugh gay
god i hate living here
circus tonight!
bored out of my mind!
god my work can piss me off  apparently i do everything wrong!
you feel like paradise and i need a vacation tonight
can't wait til june!
"i have such a great pussy, always watches my back"
doesn't know what to do
how did my life get to be so boring
wishes my mom would stay out of my life
thinks my family is the most annoying family ever 
wouldn't it be nice to get everything you ever wanted 
just got my mom a grill!!
my poor baby has a cold  sad 
"just got done watching nanny mcphee returns with <propfemale>, she loved it "
loves when ppl act immature  grow up and get over yourself!
"so i cant find my phone (thanks to <propfemale>), and i feel like crap, yay me!!!"
"yay, got a car!"
"i need you like water like breath like rain,i need you like mercy from heavens gate, theres a freedom in your arms that carries me through i need you "
is ready for a vacation
