862c1403706f38f8a38872551b12e07a
happy new year!!  smile 
recycled a cmu essay for the career goal narrative  score!!
sounds of tomorrow was awesome  laugh 
is sick  playful 
first week out of school and i can't even eat  fan-freaking-tastic  sad 
reading mr  mcmichael's blog  crying 
got my final offer letter from the base!! awesome!!!  laugh 
starting summer assignments since hr won't pick up  sad 
my family rocks  love 3
best quote ever  smile 
interesting first day of the internship  laugh 
played on the jungle gym today  laugh 
the proposal was awesome  smile 
speaking french in a mexican restaurant  laugh 
saw riverdance at wolftrap  freaking awesome  laugh 
gonna be so sore tomorrow  playful 
should've known he'd get back at me    sad 
won't have phone this weekend -- not ignoring you if i don't call text you back  smile 
<propfemale> régime de deux semaines commence demain   très bien  annoyed \
en train de maigrir  laugh 
omg shoes
omg awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
best <propmale> potter movie ever  laugh 
no longer really trusting peanut butter d:
hanging out with uncle <propfirst> and aunt masha  leaving <propfemale>'s vineyard today and going back to connecticut  freaking awesome  laugh 
<propmale> out at <propfemale>'s place last night and today  met up with <propfemale> too  i've got awesome cousins  laugh 
back from connecticut!! lovelovelove my family  smile 
going to the outer banks tomorrow  smile 
beeeeeeach!!  laugh 
made a bracelet while on ocracoke today  smile 
"leaving the outer banks tomorrow, and then back to work dx"
work   
"last casual friday of the summer tomorrow  kind of sad, kind of pathetic that i actually think it's kind of sad  laugh "
i made a hypnocake  laugh 
i have no parents
"(1) <propfemale>, (2) chamber orchestra - oplinger, (3) bc calc - snyder, (4) ap english - gill, (5-6) ap physics c - mccurdy, (7) lunch, ( smile  <propfemale>"
my hips don't lie  smile 
lulzy essay to finish  confidential 
just deleted 3 pages of a crappy essay--back at square one  all for thinking too hard?? dammit!! d:
j'attends encore quelque chose de profond à dire  annoyed \
fail
going to the mall tomorrow with my sis  smile 
a much more eventful weekend than what i was e playful ecting  waffles tomorrow!!  laugh 
i don't think my computer science class should be this time-consuming; it's only day three d:
"this is totally not staying up too late to do homework, and i am absolutely not in denial   ugggggh"
good luck to the lhs cross country team tonight  smile 
 sad 
"j'e playful loserai sans cette violoncelliste en face de moi, avec qui d'échanger des coups d'œil entendus  laugh d"
finished wuthering heights  laugh  now to read it again d:
going to pittsburgh tomorrow for an interview on monday at carnegie mellon university  wish me luck!!!!  laugh 
owned that interview!!! omg i'm so excited!!!  laugh 
aaaaaaah spirit week  laugh 
"if you don't like my apples, don't shake my tree!!!"
"wake up in the morning  i shall wake up and so shall you  and i wake up, the sun is beautiful, and it is warming you and i"
paid a visit to the local physicist  let's hope i don't fail tomorrow  laugh 
just found my piece for sounds of tomorrow  laugh 
"attention chamber orchestra: dressing up as oplinger for the halloween concert, who's in? don't tell him"
just applied to carnegie mellon!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
learning russian on livemocha because i can  smile 
going to see <propfirst> <propfemale> next saturday!!!!  laugh 
omg hermione moment   
"great job, everyone!! and also i think the senior quintet should be a definite orchestra fixture for this year  smile "
feeling the christmas spirit  smile 
who says jigsaw puzzle skills don't come in handy in real life?  laugh 
aaaaaaaaaaah i got into carnegie mellon university!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
so much snow!!!! i didn't know that was possible for lil' old st  <propfirst>'s county  laugh 
i love christmastime  smile 
"happy birthday, <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!  laugh "
"brb, destroying childhood memories lol"
sledding was awesome  laugh  we totally earned those waffles and apple cake
"i'm <propmale> potter, school is for losers, i'm totally awesome   "
finally got my project to save  artificial intelligence is a threat to our brave new world b)
is tri-county over yet? d:
all done  smile 
why is it so hard to submit a midyear report on the common app? jesus 
"getting things done, getting things done, getting things done   yay!!  laugh "
epic weekend  laugh 
why can i only do ap physics problems right when i'm at home?!?!?
<propfemale> burana =  love 3  smile 
got my official fat letter!!! who said anything about the monday blues?  wink 
went to the national gallery of <propmale> today--totally awesome  smile 
college? check  smile  roommate? check  smile  target com won't let me buy my comforter? check  annoyed \
why am i only now hearing <propfirst> bird for the first time?  love 33
wish i had a music box to compose for  love 3
best  day  ever   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
got a 1 at solo and ensemble!!!
"wow, just stopped taking notes for catch-22 and covered 70 pages in two hours  it took me two weeks to get that far before  annoyed \"
"fou et tellement évident que je n'trouve plus de sens à ce jeu excitant, si bon mais si lassant    ?"
"\goodbye lenin!\"" arrived in one piece this time  hooray!!  smile """
finished catch-22!!!  laugh  now to do the journals *groan*
 laugh 
prom was freaking awesome  laugh 
"two down, two to go!  smile "
"went to an great recital, took a picture with an cmu ece student wearing an epic shirt, and got a 1 at states  all in one day  awesome!  laugh "
"braces off (again)!! victory is sweet, sticky, and chewy  laugh "
lovelovelove recipe blogs!!!  laugh 
this sonata's not going to practice itself   sadly    sad 
english project today   
english project  done  laugh 
i got an autographed picture of <propfirst> <propfirst>! it's like buzz lightyear except the real thing!!  laugh 
"oh man, here we go   "
to the poor little music kids squished in the corner last night: you all sounded awesome!
"life as a high school graduate, day two: \press the panic button!!!\"" \""was that your car?\"" \""yup \"""""
first day of work tomorrow   so i realized i don't miss getting up at 5 smile 0  laugh 
everyone should totally come to sounds of tomorrow tomorrow!  smile 
i'm getting out of pickles everywhere  laugh 
"good morning, sunshine!"
hogwarts  smile 
"woody, buzz, thank you for making my life  smile "
"psych nerds--is it the coffee itself or the act of pouring myself a cup that wakes me up? i'm stumped  awake, but stumped   "
mudge house!!
"just got my orientation packet! for once, summer reading will actually be enjoyable  smile "
"blackberry oatmeal pancakes, for the first time in over three years  all is right with the world  happy 4th of july, everyone!!  smile "
river concert!  smile 
"watsons, mclarens, mcbrydes, oh my!"
seattle?  laugh 
http annoyed  www theconfectional com cheesecake_truffles  these are soooooooo on my to-make list once school starts  laugh 
cmu in less than a month--so freaking excited!!
registered!!!
did not break the navy  huzzah!
"had a highly successful shopping e playful erience (involving a killer pair of heels,) and got hooked on rock climbing thanks to <propfemale> sprunt, who is amazing  this weekend is already perfect  oh yeah, and cmu in three weeks!!!"
doing a test run of the cheesecake truffle recipe       very sticky
has saturday morning breakfast cereal gotten a lot funnier this past week or am i just that much of a nerd?
had fun playing in the snow yesterday  smile 
uncertainty suuuuuuucks :[
va beach for the next week and then cmu! life is good  laugh 
soooooo    been home less than an hour and am now packing for cmu  this is unreal 
on the road     to pittsburgh!!!
all settled in now--lovelovelove this place  laugh 
is typing this status   while sitting in her dorm room with ajda gokcen  partaaaaaaaay!!
"so this week i've visited hogwarts, stopped on the e and pi floors, sprinted down rainbow road, and gone on an awesome adventure  did i mention i love this school?"
"so in assembling my shelf, i was once again reminded why i'm not studying engineering "
first day of classes--went pretty well! now to read 50 pages en français   
freshman immigration course   it's still making me lol
"\can someone tell me what 1 + 1 is? i'm not sure anymore \"""""
didn't think about how sketchy it looks to be hurrying along with nothing but a can of <propfemale> and a wad of napkins   
can we please have more hours in the day? pleeeeeease? super light-speed homework powers are okay too   
is it time to start wearing pants already?
horrible dreams after a good night   i think i need more sleep 
apparently cannot distinguish gender during certain hours of the day 
"the violin has four strings--we don't need to be spending all of our time on e! also, tumor violas are pretty cool  ajda gokcen"
fiddle and razzy fresh make everything better   
kaaaaaaaaaaaatie's here  smile ))
so apparently there's a section on alcoholedu about how drinking can affect your decisions about whether or not to have sex  i never saw that section  they must have known i'm a cs <propmale> 
"one spice cake and a paradigm shift later, i can say with utmost certainty that melons are indeed fruits "
college hasn't changed the fact that i'm still bad at whispering  especially not in a silent lecture hall 
"pass the evening, bring tomorrow  how could we know the night would bring us into daylight?"
"aaaaah!!! i solved for one of the variables!! suck it, lambda!"
bach is my hero 
cave dwellers for life  ajda gokcen
strawberry chocolate-chip pancakes--for dinner!! life is good  playful 
taping the walls: as close as it gets to crayons and finger paint  smile 
disregard calculus; acquire ice cream 
just lost 3 4 of my fully completed programming homework in a blue screen of death  ffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
who's going to see <propmale> potter and not get kicked out of string theory now? ajda gokcen
"is \heterological\"" heterological?"""
our outer door needs an i b l d  ajda gokcen <propfemale> youngs <propfirst> aaronson
registration success  laugh 
"<propmale> potter 7, a new <propfemale> <propfirst> computer game, and pancake mix  so  much  pancake mix "
flaherty has a facebook fan club  win 
"what a fantastic break! hooray for a happy thanksgiving, great time spent with awesome people, and enough work done that i'm not screwed  more sleep might have been nice, but in light of everything else, i'd say it was worth it  smile "
"well, i actually feel okay about concepts tomorrow, and, as it turns out, i can still do a 4-step highland fling  but my interp essay is still 150 words over the limit  <propfemale> sigh   "
soooo       concepts is over  donc vers <propfemale> français   allons-y ?
"dear 24-hour french final, it's the home stretch and i can see the light "
j'ai fini !!!!!!  laugh 
semester 1: complete
"so which is nerdier--that my 8-year-old brother's favorite of my college things is my little whiteboard, or that i actually brought my little whiteboard home with me?"
st  <propfirst>'s county canceling schools in december? madness!
"what a fabulous day! sleeping in, waffles, new strings, café des artistes, and la bête noire--couldn't ask for more  thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone!  smile "
"just made gingerbread dough! although it is rather sad that we're not making houses this year, gingerbread men are fun and just as tasty  playful "
i love christmas <propfemale> more than any other day of the year  smile 
"just watched \devil\"" with family  i like how that one guy verifies that satan is in the building by throwing toast in the air and watching it land jelly-side down """
happy birthday to <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propmale> !!! love you guys  love 
urr    3 smile 0 flight delayed to 6:25  sweet 
"first hammered dulcimers, then mountain dulcimers, and now lyres? i think i may have a string instrument addiction  must not feed   "
ohhhh boy   
never before have i had such a profound understanding of irony 
