842875ac53f3b9d59f25e1f0aab0968f
just graduated
"cannot wait till my laptop, cell and ipod get here  sept 3 corps school  hooyah"
"corps school on monday, cant wait  hooyah"
"hopefully comin home for some leave this weekend, test friday, gonna destroy it  hooyah"
nobody knows boring or tired until they stand watch in thnavy
"wants a 360, has the money for it, but should i buy it just yet? so many questions"
love weekend <propfemale>
"pickin orders on friday, lookin pretty good for spain or italy"
"ohio state spanking that ass, why couldnt they have done this last week?"
"so ready to get outta here, been in illinois way to long"
"to my brothers and sisters, friends and relatives who have served and are serving, i thank you w  all of my heart  i can only hope to earn what you have earned  you will always be remembered  thank you veterans, hooyah"
"graduate next friday, gonna earn that caduecus, one more month and ill be home, cant wait  clinicals 2moro "
"home on thursday, cant wait!!"
"really disapointed in big10 football, jst cant wait til ohio state makes their statement"
i wonder who the browns will hire for head coach next
"jst wanna say thanks to everyone who wished me a happy b-day, means alot when ur so far away from home, thank you  smile "
no one here will ever know boredom until there stuck on a military base w  no way to get anywhere to do anything  any kind of communication is very appreciated
spent the mornng watching and assisting people getting oc sprayed and doing a military police evolution  wish i had my camera lol
"thank you metallica for making this day better then it was, atleast the second half of it neway"
the <propfemale> corps fitness test aint got nothin on me! lol jst glad i didnt die from heat stroke
"that california sun, it aint no joke! back from the field, burnt all over, tired, but got a good preview of what ill be doin in a month, oorah "
http annoyed  corpsman52 blogspot com  check it out sometime if you want
"new posts on the blog, check em out if u like  links on my <propfemale>"
"so yeah, clash of the titans is overrated to the <propmale>, jst sayin"
"on my way to san <propmale>, hopefully gonna have some fun"
"of all lifes pleasures, i find hookah to be the most    pointless  the whole having fun part, well thats kinda not happening lol"
"wish i could sleep, but no, that would be asking for too much wouldnt it? not like i have to get up in 3 hours or anything  fml x infiniti"
2moro is the first day of my 8 week hell (and something that i shouldve been done w  2 1 2 monthes ago but w e)  jst ready to get it done w 
"wakin up bright and early 2moro, the countdown to june 18 has commenced"
"so much goin on, dnt know how 2 process it all   needya lord"
"never thought i could get a shower outside, stupid socal weather "
2moro is the start of the real training   yeah ill deff need the lord more then ever during these weeks   
"deff plzd w  thr browns picks so far, especially colt mccoy, keep it goin <propfirst>"
"got promoted!!!!! oorah! test this monday, gonna pass it, 7 more weeks til washington, home in july!"
"goin to the armory 2moro, hopefully poppin off some rounds from the good ol m16 soon, oorah  7 weeks til washington, home in july "
"fixin up the mccuus, love the usmc camis, sleeves are annoying to roll tho"
"played the set for the first time in a while, it was sweet"
jst love love love 16 hour work days  fml   
"dirty, tired, exhausted, frustrated, trying to stay motivated cuz the days still not over   june 18 cant come ne faster!"
"so according to a couple of marines, im a devil dolphin   ok lol on watch till 22"
"when the mind screams, it awakens the soul, it cleanses the spirit, it stirs the emotions in ways only the foolish or the beautiful could dream, could see unfolding right before their eyes, the great spectrum of color and sound that drenchs the senses and eases the inner being into a lucid dream  now if our bodies would stop and listen, now that would be the greatest gift of all   "
"goin out in the field for a 2 1 2 day training evolution, 4 mile hump in the hills and the infiltration course, should be fun, cya on thursday, weekend cant come ne sooner "
its amazing how much u appreciate the little things after kiving like a hobo for 3 days lol got a nice 3 day break before a whole week out in the field again  annoyed  fml
"halfway done w  this school and its out to the fleet, and only 25 of those are work days  laugh  lol sick tho but gonna get some meds and get thru this last month oorah "
wishing things were better   
"back from the field finally!   absolutley drained, tgif"
you know how they say that when god closes a door he opens a window?   why is it whenever i try to see out the window it just slams on my fingers   ?
"june 18 needs to get here w  some speed and intensity! (inside joke lol) but seriously  mcmap this week, 96 then on the range, field for finex and casas, 8 mile hump, then week after that grad  cannot wait, home for the 4th if july!"
"evil doers beware, i am now a tan belt in <propfemale> corps martial arts! lol"
"got a 4 day weekend, oorah! graduation right around the corner baby"
"scotfest in costa mesa all day, im not scottish, but this is pretty cool lol"
"big shout out to all my brothers and sisters who are serving and who have served, thank you for everything  oorah!"
"goin to the range 2moro, should be fun, 17 more days baby!"
"deff reminded today how much i hate being in this school, the b s nvr stops, gone in 15 days thank god"
"last time goin to the field, gone til thursday, after this week im dne baby! week after this is grad week, june 18!"
"done   week of admin and gear return and grad practice, june 18 baby!"
"cannot wait until friday, washingtons gonna be pretty sweet"
jst graduated fmtb!! oorah
"in seattle waitin to go to the base, its so freakin green here lol"
"so yeah, its a hppy navy birthday for me, 1 year in, 4 more to go woohoo! lol"
having taco <propfemale> for the first time in six monthes  laugh  haha
"well i got my flight home, back to the 330 baby! oorah"
lets go usa we need this
home on friday mornin cant wait!
comin home!!!!
finally home
yeah im torn apart  idk what to do  
<propfemale> was here  smile 
 smile 
"hope u have fun in miami lebron, just dont step on ohio's heart on the way out, oh wait   "
fuck you lebron you arrogant <propmale>
"too all my friends and family that i had time to spend w  while i was home, thank you so much, this was the best week ive prolly had ever  i love you all, thank you and hopefully be seeing you again for christmas "
wow do i miss home   
if i cant get a car soon im gonna lose it  
"its crazy what you can learn from your dreams, got some thinking to do  "
cant wait til i start working shifts
lovin the night shift
so yeah how bout theres a ghost on the <propmale> lol pretty weird
"sunrise over the sound, beautiful"
y must this night drag for so looooong x 
so yeah i just booked me and <propmale> a trip to <propmale> to see ohio state spank that wolverine a$$ again!!!!!!!!!!!!! hell yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i rly wish that there were more hours in the day
"the er, jst the way i wanted to spend my sleep time   "
lets go bucks!!!
i wish things were different   i dont know if i can do this   
"jammin to some muse, feelin rly relaxed, seems like a long time comin"
oh snap!!!!!!!!!!! look whos number one now!!!!!!!
"well atleast michigan lost, and theres still the <propfemale> bowl, and theres always next year   "
"way to go lebron for stayin true to form, and a big thank you to the celtics! made my day haha"
how bout them cavs!
longest weekend of my life   thank god its over  time for a nice 2 day break  laugh 
put this as your status if you know someone are related to someone who suffers from being a michigan wolverines fan  being a wolverines fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for mwf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  90% of wolverine fans wont repost thi   s     because they don't know how to copy and paste   
"red was an awesome movie, go see it if u havent"
god bless all my brothers and sisters all over the world serving our great country and those who have served  thank you for everything  happy veterans day
good job buckeyes bringin in the w
"good game browns, helluva fight, ill take that l"
"one week till im back, it shall be epic"
"of all the books ive read in my life, none has given me more joy, satisfaction, love, hope, happiness and such a good time as these all have  thank you j k  rowling for <propmale> potter!"
"good job w  the w buckeyes, see you in <propmale> next week!"
any suggestions for some good books to read?
"lets see how this goes  why, whats up?"
"mccoy and hillis are awesome, enough said  go browns"
"unbelievably bored  flight leaves in 8 and a half hours, cant come sooner"
on my way to the airport
"thank you <propfemale> for fucking me over on my connection to pit, nothing rly jst less time home w  friends and family, nothing <propmale>   "
"wow <propfemale> 2for2 on the day, 3rd delay overall for me on my 2 flights, holy crap   "
home finally
"home now, hit me up if you wanna <propfemale> out"
"bored at home, nebody wanna <propfemale> out?"
"bored, nebody wanna <propfemale> out?"
"and so it begins   the great battle of our time   going to cbus, go buckeyes!!!"
"idk if words can describe how awesome today was, 7 in a row baby! go buckeyes!"
"sending out sn s o s , anybody wanna do anything?"
"love how ledouche got booed and big z got a standing o, they both deserve what they got  lets go cavs!"
ledouchebag can still g2 hell
"<propmale> pelini and <propmale>b stoops  <propmale>th from youngstown, oh  <propmale>th coaching in the big 12 championship game  ohio knows football"
"bye bye richrod, wish u didnt have to go, you were so great to the buckeyes"
lets go buckeyes!!! o-h!!
buckeyes!!!!!!!!! yes baby yes!!! fuck the sec cuz tonight is for the big 10 and the ohio state buckeyes!!!!
<propmale> <propfirst> is my hero
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, it really means alot to me, thanks you  smile "
i wonder if this will be the first superbowl that has a rapist playing in it? officially a cheesehead til after the superbowl
"well im satisfied w  the recruitng haul by the bucks, although we didnt get some guys we shouldve, we still got a good group  so congrats to the ohio state class of 2011"
"chipotle in seattle, very satisfied"
"oh yeah, green bay is doin it!"
so lovin green bay right now
"this halftime shows a joke, other than seeing fergie lookin so good, the show was lame in my opinion"
thank you god the packers won!
"all the frontrunning fans back in the 330 can finally humble themselves, theres no better feeling then vindication  smile "
rly hates brown nosing ass kissers
buckeyes proving why there the best team in the country  o-h!
well jst cuz the sweatervest got stained dont mean it cant be cleaned  still love ya coach tressell
"buckeyes rockin it in indy, can u say number one overall seed? i think so"
buckeyes big10 tourney champs!
just loves washington states one season  wet   not really lol
how bout them buckeyes! o-h!
"ohio state may have lost to kentucky, but atleast they didnt lose to <propfemale> commonwealth lol"
thank you cavs! about time
"so i finally got a car, 06 equinox, pretty freakin pumped!  laugh "
black swan= intense
insidious sucked
