f2dff88f264503da07fb5d494da87d09
happy new yearrr
basketball practice laterr then stuff after texts  smile 
heyyyy!!!
moviess laterrr  love 3  smile 
summers over  heart-broken 
homework in everythingg! volleyball and meeting at the same time   yay  playful 
who give a crap bout history anyway?!?
football game laater and sleepover with <propfirst> afterr  shopping tomarow txt me  smile 
dress shopping with morgann  smile  texttme
ughh i feel so unlovedd
cant get a song outta her headddd :  
why do i always want what i cant have  heart-broken 
what do u do when u want to change   but dont no how to start :  
hippies today and tomarowww?? wat luckk d; hhaha
volleyball at 630   so busyyy the rest on the week txttt  smile 
freezinggggg    jeans again tomarowww  smile  gotta love spirittt weekkk txtt  love 
stuff later?? homecoming game and dance tomoroww  smile  texttt
is freeeeezinggggg! <propfemale> boreddd txt me  smile 
rachels house soonn then homecomingg  smile  textmee
why is drama so retardedly complicated!?!? fml  :
homework volleyball sleeeep  ughh dont feel good  : is 101 a bad feverr?? texttme
ughhh so much crap homeworkk all i wanna do is sleeepp everyone stay home tomarow!
too much homeworkk!! i hate mrs nickelss  does anyone no wat shes even talking about??
no homeworkk  smile  volleyball laterr textmee
becagamelaterr textmee  smile 
hah swine 09  smile  just woke uppp textmee
so pathetically boredd someone txt me 484 809 0281
layin around in my beca sweats  smile  stuff laterr? someone text <propfemale> 484 809 0281
i feel invisibe  ugh fml!
volleyball backheree school tomorowww  playful  textmee
thinkin bout doin some homeworkk   volleyball later with pysco bitches  cant wate  playful  textmee
wtf its snowing!!!!
school basketball after weekendd  smile  textmee  love 
"today, in my history class, we were watching a movie and as usual, the teacher told us to fill up a whole <propfemale> with notes  the kid behind me didnt think the teacher actually read the notes, just checked to see if we filledd up a whole <propfemale>  while i filled up the <propfemale> with actual notes and left only 3 lines blank, the kid behind me filled up every line with insults to the teacher  he got full credit  i did not  mlia "
maddboreddd stufflaterr? pleasee someone textt me  smile 
hmm idk what im doing later yettt  texttme  love 
ughh had to miss basketball  crying  volleyball tournement laterr texttme  love 
ughhh i hate u <propfemale>  smile  u got that lollipop song stuck in my head nowwww
is anyone dressing down for the test thing tomoroww?
is trying to do the bibliographii for history  playful 
too many tests tomorowww geometry should die
ughh why are people so confuzingg?? hmm tell me wat u think of me
making my costumeeee  smile 
<propfirst>  heart-broken 
idk if i can go to the funeral  crying 
someone should memorialize kaseys profile  heres the linkk i dont have all the information to do it  sad  http annoyed  www facebook com help contact php?show_form laugh eceased
sleeplater  school  babysitting  basketball hey does anyone want to play basket bingo?? i gotta sell 4 more tickets for basketball  playful 
is wating for her pics to upload   
hahhaahhha <propmale> and big bird  wink   love 33
does anyone remember funbrain??
mall with <propfirst> was madd funn  smile 
raking leavess smile  text me  love 
parents are so annoying textme love 
back from practice homework dinner sleeeeepp  smile 
wow   u wouldd say that
basketball at five textmee love 
so who alls gonna go to barnes and <propmale>??
eww i totallly failed all my tests today   avoiding homework someone textme 484 809 0281  love 
is it me or is sister <propfemale> bipolarrr itsfridayy textmeee  love 
making <propmale> n cheese  smile 
"today i was cleaning my room and found a videotape  it was blank so i played it to figure out what it was   8 hours of scooby doo, land before time, rugrats, and blues clues  smile  <propmale> flashbacks  love "
watching lion <propmale> and ma<propmale> browniess  smile  textme love 
i just lovee it when people stop texting me randomly in the middle of a conversation  playful 
hmm should i straighten my hairr?
grounded from my phone fml
"redoing my essay  playful  apparently it was too \conversation-like\"" thanks mrs <propfemale>   """
i guess i should start my english essay
the <propfemale> should die why cant we just hand it in on monday?!?
at mariasssss new <propfemale> soon  smile  textsss  love 
should be doing her homeworkk   
home from basketball  avoiding homeworkk  almost thanksgiving breakk!  smile  textmee  love 
basketball soon out for my dads birthday? idkk texttt
boredddd textmee  love 
home againn  decorating our christmas treee textts  love 
mall with <propfemale> laterr  smile  textmee
back from shoppingg  smile 
is making cookiess who wants some? textmee
does anyone have an idea for my ornament for theology  :
basketballll stuff later text  love 
why is it pixie dust if tinkerbell is a <propfemale>
basketball laterrr   
ughh <propfemale> tiredd   still gotta do all my homework  : fmlll
eww the radio was playing the old christmas songs and i had horrible flashbacks to the 8th grade play  christmas will be fun
school tomorow  :      retreat    basketball    wow i need a lifee   texts  smile 
retreat soonnn
its five oclock why is it dark outt!
ok someone please help me    what can i use as a primary source for ipods all apple products?!?!?!?!
ughh 3 more primary sources
hatessss history day!
11:11 !!
ewww so much homeworkk textmee
ok so i was really happy until i realized i only have like a 5 days to do sister margrets retarded project  sad       and history day   
basketball later  i hope theres not another scrimage no one told us aboutt    textmee  smile 
rolled her ankle at basketball   owww  : textss
outtsoon  smile  texts  love  484 809 0281
katies party promenade bestfriendss  love  textt 484 809 0281
decorating outsidee  out later with <propfirst> and <propfemale> ( my favorite creeper  laugh  ) hahahaha texts  love 
watching <propfemale>  smile  hhaha textssss
christmas shoppingg  love  textmee
christmas project history essay bio test  ughhhhhhhhhh textme
 smile 
omg <propfirst> has a music video!
hmm  mario lopez reminds me of <propfirst> lautner   
almost done with <propfirst> project  still gotta do history essay yay
wants to sleeeep
fmlll
dont feel goodd  : cant go to practice
sleeeep  smile  school tomorow
enlglish and history  eww  no practice today or tomorow  sad  textss  love 
is wrapping presentss  smile 
ok so we did pretty good for our first game  smile  but now im tired  tgif  does anyone know who has to waitress for the <propfemale> breakfast??
<propfemale> breakfast with teamm  its sooo unorganizedd
boredd stuff later?? textss  smile 
is shoveling snow  :
made cookies  smile  anyone want them??
has strep  sad  fmlll
finalllyy got my new phone  smile  but most tons of the people r gone  :   <propfirst>???
is being forced to start homework  someone distract <propfemale>
back home  smile  doing bio packet that has a million questions on it  : texttmee
2011 love 
out shoppingg smile 
school tomorow  :
phone randomly stopped working fmll
has so much stuff to do and such a bad headache
nhd project  :
geometry andd nhd need to diee
sooo stressed! can someone please make me laugh
game at 4 against northamtonn  smile  movies later with amazing people  textitup  love 
practice later then nhd alll dayy  someone save me!  smile 
nhd and midterms alll dayy  sad  text
hehe dory can speak whale  wink 
math review yay 
nhd foreverr
forgot to study for french fmllll
game soonishh no exams tomorow  smile  text  love 
game soonish no exams tomorow  smile  text  love 
done with nhd thank godd  i will neverr go through this again 
practice laterr
eww school tomorow
is kinda bored
so yea today kinda sucked someone wanna make me laugh??
watching bones  smile  textt
father hosaks test told me im unconventional and not realistic   should i be offended?
i want summmerrrr!
mad boreddd textme
eww facebook changed again?!?!
wow i would be sick on a snow day  indecision 
i dont want a snow day i want summerr  love 
out with amazing people sooon  smile  textme love 
sleepover at marissas soonnn  smile  textt  love 
getting my moms bday present soonn
this song is stuck in my headd http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=o5yjfpbqpne
had a really suckish day
theologyy  :
no phone  no computer  ughh
no school tomorow!!  smile 
ricekrispies smile 
bored texts love 
boredd wanna do somethin? texts love 
raining boredd texts love 
its finallyyy warm outt  love 
theology projectt   
katies for the nighht textuss love 
hanging with my cousins till forever smile  textt love 
with marissa smile  movie sleepover textallnightt love 
susans project someone save me smile 
rip gingersnap  :
great wolf lodge smile textuss love 
susans project can go die  
so now were back to becoming a fan?? woww  done with susans projecttt  smile 
sick?  :
carpet shopping with the family? yea were cool smile 
rain? really? i feel bad for the prom people    
ouut smile 
 smile 
shopping??textt smile 
trying to set up new tv   fail
susans paper :
ouut love 
ouutshopping smile 
barbequee smile 
outside love 
cookout love 
awesome day with <propmale> watson smile 
iron pigs game with mariaa smile 
summer love 
malll love 
1 monthh love 
working in the office blehh :
outsidee love 
"volleyball sooon, then <propfemale> lash is sleepingoverrr smile "
ouut love 
camp with morgann pennnstatebabyyy smile 
home from camp smile  leaving in 5 minutes for the lake yaayy
finallyy home smile  jakes in a bit love 
cookoutt smile 
is making some hot chocolate smile 
"morgans over, then summmerleaguee smile "
"cousins over, swimming in a bitt smile "
dorney cancelled : boredd textt smile 
volleybaallll love textiitt smile 
2monthss love 
had a totally amazing day love 
marias house tonighttt smile 
out smile  dinner with <propmale> and meetting his brotherrr
is going to a   fleamarket??
"dorney todaay with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and jill smile "
is finally home  and sooo rediculously sunburnt sad 
volleyball in a bitt smile 
summerleague playoffs soon smile 
home from awesome concert smile  still deaf but whateverr 
just got her shottts  sad 
<propfirst> lambert concert was amazing love 
its raiiny an im chillin in sweaats smile 
tryouttts
tryouts   day 2
is exxaustedd
last day of tryoutss  surprise 
 crying 
<propmale> comees home todaay!  love 
3 fantastic months with the best boyfriend in the whole world  love 
had a great day smile 
god im so bored  playful 
got my haircut and new highlightss  smile 
day ouuut smile 
awesome partyy smile  hahah i love you guysss  love 
doesnt feel good  sad 
practicee  
watching 12 angry men    dorney tomorow love  then  schoool? ew 
dorneeyy
fun last day of summer smile  hhaha so proud of rissa for going on the big scary rollar coasters!(;
so much homework wtff
homework and volleyball later with jackiee smile 
sunshower love 
ok so my amazing boyfriend <propmale> watson just got me a dozen red roses love 
4months love 
hmmm truthh is? smile 
5 months with my amazing boyfriend <propmale> watson  love 
so my computer is dying a slow and painful death     its really sad :
so theres this boy named <propmale> watson    and i think im kinda sorta in love with him love 
"people are like stained glass windows  they <propfemale> and shine when the sun is out, but when darkness falls their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within love "
"6 months with <propmale> watson, the most amazing boyfriend in the whole world love "
made a totally awesome gingerbread house with jake love 
hellllo new yorrk! laugh 
"merrry christmassss laugh \\  i got my laptop! smile ))"
i hate when people change plans 3million times  playful 
amazing day with <propmale> watson  love 
sleepover love 
"\those who were dancing were thought to be insane by those that could not hear the music\"""""
newyears love 
"donee with school, with <propmale> soon  love "
playdough laugh 
<propfemale> lash over all nightt smile 
<propfemale> merriman and me studying for french     fail smile 
8 amazing months with <propmale> watson  love 
out with <propmale>  love 
girlsniight love 
im <propfemale> freaking sick of examss!
has been out shoveling snow for the past 2 and a half hours   
 love 
truthh is?
amazing day with <propmale> watson  love 
