c3221626cb80da921ab824651e6e4956
forget the playing hookie from work thing      i actually don't feel that well   i think the work stress is making me sick 
thank you to everyone who sent me birthday wishes! love you all!
duh! i probably should have checked that email tagline before i sent that out    
sorta wish that i could hibernate like my turtles     
"dear <propfemale>, why is it that you have made me sick on a 3 day weekend? so sick in fact that i had to cancel my piano lesson today- a definite highlight of my week! and why do you make me feel this way when i have a full sink of dishes but not enough energy to wash them so that i can make myself something decent to eat? why?"
i will remove the beanie when it is time- most likely in the morning 
fascinating discussion on utah's high sexual violences stats :  utah's sexual assault rate outpaces u s  average  http annoyed  bit ly 9n9yv4
i'm a little jealous that the office next door has a pool table 
shocking sighting @ the post office! :  me carrying 4 boxes weighing a total of over 75 pounds    sadly no offers of help or applause 
"welcome to my strange day- i've been volunteering at the  republican convention to support my friend's brother  and yes, i said republican "
"wow, have survived volunteer stint at the <propmale> county republican convention   what a strange, strange e playful erience that was "
left the house this morning at 6 smile 0am and finally got home at 9 smile 0pm   i think that officially classifies as a long day   but a good day  smile 
i'm convinced that all middle east professors buy their cologne at the same store  must be a special secret given out with their phd 
new blog post: the sexiness of legwarmers http annoyed  bit ly b5i9t5
"went home early with intent to work on a project    alas, my head doesn't feel like writing that <propmale>, guess i will take some sick time "
have happily discovered that my work slacks have wide enough legs that will hide my legwarmer brace   running injury feels much better today
new blog post: i'm that big that i'm invisible http annoyed  bit ly bx4cc8
"5k completed! of course, i had to walk for 2 <propmale> before my leg felt strong enough to run  many thanks to <propfemale> who was there by my side "
everyone in my office is now officially too nice to me   just got a thank you gift for administrative professionals day   thanks so much!
currently watching the most epic water gun fight with the neighbors kids  these kids are so good they should be special ops 
just bought a beautiful new bike & all i want to do is ride it    but i exhausted from the process of getting it in & then out of my car 
"thinned out my gmail account    i'm now 10,000 emails lighter   making it a priority to delete emails that really have no long-term purpose "
"brain totally fried from working on grant      desperately need break or a nap, but definitely not any more coffee "
"on today's to do list \letter of intent for engaging men\""    suddenly <propmale> work creating rape prevention programs echoes my dating life """
"dear allergies, why did you congest my ear? my ear! it hurts! ow!  this better clear up soon, or i'm totally breaking up with you allergies "
"gvo post: gv summit: day one finished, day two underway! http annoyed  bit ly 9lns4r"
"i've managed to put holes into 2 pairs of pants so far on this trip   if i don't watch it, i won't have any pants left to wear home "
new blog post: things that i have learned while in chile http annoyed  bit ly citw8h
"meant to be supportive of a street artist by giving him 1000 pesos, but accidentally gave him 10,000 instead "
well that was weird  step off the plane at home and my body deflated  i guess that all of me has been swollen for a week 
the benefit of living alone and having a cough is knowing that i am not keeping anyone else awake with my hacking 
"thanks to everyone for the well wishes!  spent my birthday at a kick-ass conference in portland    and because we had some grants due yesterday we played trivial pursuit while we all were working on it till late   tonight, however, we hit the town    "
not sure which is more to blame for tonight's internet difficulties--my internet provider or my unsecured internet connection   blah    i really don't want to have to figure out the secure wireless connection thing   i just want to think it and have it miraculously happen 
i've been avoiding buying a new pair of jeans for almost a year  i shouldn't have- i went down a full pants size!
"i really, really wish that i wouldn't have a panic attack everytime something gets a little confusing when dealing with the office taxes "
the fact that my best friend can still make fart noises with her armpit is completely awesome!
see? this is why i don't normally use bleach in my laundry   the navy blue shirt i'm wearing how has neon purple polka dots on it  dammit!
little bro & i got new toys today  i finally bought a wii & he bought a ferret  she's a cute little thing but i still got the better deal 
i'm thoroughly annoyed that my wireless router decided to randomly reset and unsecure itself   now i have to find the fricking instructions again 
i love my thesaurus so much i think i'm gonna marry it  e playful ect save-the-date cards and gift registry invites soon 
