d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add
"is in \a\"" school to become an intelligence specialist in the united states navy """
finally phased up to phase 2 <propfemale>  phase 3 here i come 
is on duty today and cant leave the barracks 
"is always ready for war! locked and loaded, locked and loaded we've done this before!"
has to stand watch today 
"not much to do today, i guess i'll go for a run and lay around all day "
my gamertag is sniffyclock if anyone wants to play codmw2 send me a message over xbox live 
"ok, i fixed the problem that was preventing people from being able to post on my wall"
"currently has the equivelant of 75,000,000 vietnamese <propfirst> in the bank "
helped out at the shamrock marathon
is shocked by how many girls from hs are currently pregnant 
some chick had her period all over my leg at peabody's!
at the beach
is now 20 years old
is bored
is in a really good mood 
is down to 199 lbs  9 lbs away from losing a total of 150 lbs 
"wow, what a wonderful day, i spent 15 hours at school preparing to brief a lieutenant, a master chief and 2 is1's  fuck my life "
is ready to graduate
is volunteering in the special olympics tomorrow 
got burned as fuck while working at the special olympics
takes his final today 
"got a 92 on my final, so yea i am done with a school "
"is on hold with brown, someone shoot me "
i wonder if cs3 knows everyone hates him?
i got electrocuted today   
i got electrocuted today    tingly 
is off for the day  n6 is awesome    except for brown    who is a douche 
is really bored   
just ran 6 <propmale> 
so if anyone was curious how many pounds you sweat off on a 10 mile run    4 6 lbs 
8 mile beach run in the rain    hooyah!!!
"i need advice, shave my chest or leave the soul patch?"
"if someone told me 5 years ago to imagine where i'd be in 5 years, that fantasy would be nothing in comparison with my present reality "
"so    i have finally done it  i have now lost 150lbs   how will i celebrate this monumental task you may ask, i'll probably have a salad and go for a run on the beach   smile "
im gonna volunteer to pt with kids from an elementary school  should be interesting 
got double teamed by an english mastiff and a pitbull at the beach  im running along and all of a sudden this massive dog miniature horse just takes me out and then they both started licking and smelling me 
"im done with being stuck in the barracks, before this weekend is through i will buy a car "
"im stuck in my room with nothing to do, someone text me "
omg! it is 4 o clock and my roommate got out of bed! im guessing though that hes gonna eat and then go back to sleep 
waking up at 3 am tomorrow  sleep is for the weak    like demattia  lol
its 0320 in the morning and the navy is accelerating my life    btw props to demattia for staying awake for a little over 6 hours yesterday  a truly impressive accomplishment coincidering the horse tranquilizers   
reminiscing about the good ole days sitting around at jakes getting so drunk that i was physically incapable of getting out of a chair 
so apparently according to <propmale> were going to a gay club for kings birthday                     this is going to be interesting to say the least 
theres only one word to describe how i currently feel about n6    fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!
is the proud new owner of an '05 ford escape   no more being stranded on the weekends 
ufc 116! cant wait for lesnar to get his ass beat 
"wow, how generous of nmitc to have installed a sauna in our laundry room!  now when i sweat my balls off doing laundry, its ok im already in the laundry room and i can just wash my uniform right there!"
"just saw the coolest commercial on tv, a guy had a pet giraffe that was the size of a little dog  someday i hope science brings us genetically modifed <propfemale> animals  i want a rhino thats the size of a yorkie "
ugh! lots of watermelon+cake=stomache ache 
finally friday   
i had to do it    let the comments come 
my new running shoes are bad ass  a 3 mile run in sketchers resistance runners feels like 8   buns of steel here i come!!! lol
is now in c school    my head hurts  too much information 
"today, on the smokedeck 5 o clock the 1 gallon choco chug is going down  all are invited to come try not to vomit  bring your cameras "
such a boring night   
the pic is what im getting on my back in 13 days!
"\ oh hey! i'm gonna sting you all with my stinger  oh noooooo \"""""
"\a man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life \"" \",d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,i'll research that and get back to you 
looking forward to 15 hours of studying things i already know in my free time 
strike-behaviour modification through the precise use of high e playful losives   smile 
i got my tattoo! will post pictures later 
"heres my tattoo, tell me what ya think!"
\what makes a man, is it the woman in his arms?\d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,my back is so fucking itchy   
the profile picture is my next tattoo that i am getting in 1 week   im getting it on my ribs side  tell me what ya think 
"ok, we have to settle this with a vote  the pic is my next tattoo  <propmale> says its gay as fuck, i think its bad ass  comment your opinions "
"wow, looks like ozy wins this one    but im still getting it "
the jellfyfish is not done yet    but this is what it looks like after 5 hours of work 
"\i want you to start living as a gay woman\""\",d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,"man vs  food \180 pounds of mouthwatering meat\""\",d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,my jellyfish is done! and it fucking hurts    its absolutely amazing though 
here's my jellyfish    and my nipple 
just saw on yahoo    theres an international clown convention    how could we allow this to happen?!?!
"wait, make that issn carrels "
spending the night in nashville and then im off to amarillo texas 
"arkansas, you suck "
has driven 1200 <propmale> in 24 hours 
almost in texas 
"what happened to semi drivers being big hairy fat guys? i have seen a rastafarian, an indian in a turban, a douchebag wearing a snuggie and a woman that looked like an illegal housekeeper "
   
<propfemale> is not so bad   
im so bored stabbing nyself in the eye with a soldering iron sounds like fun 
putting in leave for christmas  im coming home bitches!
0815-1030-workout       1045-1245-guitar practice                                 1330-2200-work              2200-00(balls)-free time!
my socks smell disgusting 
tomorrow im coming home for the first time in 2 years    fuck yes 
im back bitches 
im feeeling pretty frigim good rigjt now
i might ne just a liitttle frunk rigght now but only a litttle bit 
frankly i wanna fuck
my gut   
got a little captain in you? i do 
"a wise man once said \bitches aint nothin but tricks and hoes\""\",d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,i think my arm is gonna fall off   
"tired, sick, sore and hungover "
"wow, im about to fly out of minneapolis and my pilot looks like <propmale> hefner and the co-pilot is a hot ass blonde girl "
i hope the tsp returns calculator is right    cause if it is i will make 12 million dollars before i retire lol
"\a <propfemale> with a flaw is better than a pebble without one\"" \",d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,i discovered the hard way that chewing too much juicy fruit gum makes it look like you smoke crack rocks 
my next tattoo    sisyphus from greek mythology  (look it up)
just found out today im gonna be on the uss eisenhower 
i actually get lunch breaks again   smile 
"fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty  to conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom  \-bertrand <propfirst>"
i almost died tonight  i hit a semi tire at 75 mph    through some miracle there is not a scratch on my car 
\all the places i've been and things i've seen\,d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,"i hurt myself today \to see if i still feel \i focus on the pain \the only thing that's real \the needle tears a hole \the old familiar sting \try to kill it all away \but i remember, everything \\what have i become \my sweetest friend \everyone i know,\goes away \in the end"
im feelin down so im gonna chug some supplements and workout until im numb  that will cheer me up 
"just cooked breakfast for dinner  it was awesome    and yes, i can cook "
funny how putting my relationship status as single resulted in 5 billion dating ads  i bet if i put it married they'd advertise divorce attorneys 
you stay sexy <propfemale> 
i really wish i could sleep  damn pre-workout and evening pt!
in 30 minutes i'll have a needle in my gums injecting me with novacaine  damn you wisdom teeth! hello 5 day weekend   smile 
"i urinated on a live black bear  i streaked a house party, ran from a cop and got away  i've whitewater rafted, i've won tons of archery tournaments and i used to bowfish from my kayak  whose the most interesting man in the world now bitch? \\stay thirsty my friends "
so in my 5 day weekend i accomplished 1 thing    i grew a beard 
"so i see people with repost statuses all the time so im starting one  if you read this, you have herpies  repost it and share the \love\"" """
im fairly certain im gonna be limping tomorrow  turns out sparring against an mma fighter results in a lot of leg kicks 
this day could not be better 
"yay, fractured foot  good times "
\if i wasn't here tomorrow \,d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,"quote of the day- \you're the retarded offspring of five monkeys having butt sex with a fish-squirrel! congratulations!\"""""
im seriously thinking about selling my escape and buying a bmw 525i  any thoughts people?
"isnt it great getting what you really want? and im not talking about a girl, cars, or video games    im talking about <propfemale> bbq buffalo wings  like an orgasm in your mouth but substantially messier!"
im laying in bed staring at my ceiling wondering how things could be worse   i think <propfemale> is actually the innermost circle of hell 
as it turns out    axe body wash can in fact be used to create an improvised bubble bath   
"sparred again tonight, caught <propfirst>'s roundhouse only to be immediately punched in the nose  a little blood loss builds character!"
i cant help but wonder when things will get better   or if they ever will for that matter 
"another epic quote courtesy of the internet- \when i wear long sleeve shirts i smell the left sleeve  i think it smells good  the right sleeve doesn't smell good even if they smell the same    god damn that right sleeve \"""""
"great, now i have 2 fingers that are bent outta shape  im sorry pinky finger  sad "
\when work feels overwhelming," just remember you're going to die\""\"d59b00ccf19d9c8a59cc94a7fa463add,i really dont think today could've been better 
"i enjoy the fact that fighting the heavy bag <propfirst> blood on me in 3 separate places   just cause you can hit hard, doesn't mean your skin can take it!"
im finally gonna sight in my bow  smile 
i bought an ar-15   love 
<propfemale> is a bitch  i used to laugh when people smacked their legs on my ridiculously long trailer hitch    lets just say i was in a hurry and my leg is bleeding 
