5e6655948cc04564d04bcb710d732e70
this chick is tough to get but still like her
chilled and b0red   
misses faith    
im great!!!!
hate life
ah what to do tonight?
'cause it's 187 on an undercover cop
ah! where are the british chicks that dont have messed up teeth?
hanging with my bro
alright   what is going on in this town i see ballons on fire flying ufo's all the time am i the only one seeing this?
wazzzzupppp
hahaha!! check out my picture!
sleep with one open
"the krusty krab pizza is the pizza\for you and me!"
im not telling people nothing from now on!
einstein
i love sadieeeee  smile  xx
wow <propmale> thanks for getting me in trouble!
"mr  rager tell me where you going, let me take that journey!"
there is an infection speading over crawley paramidics are everywhere cops are everywhere running around people are screaming i need to find a safehouse
what would you brits do without your tea?
"couple of days before i go back to the states, a party sounds good"
man i miss my heart bracelet that met loads to me    
why must it feel so right when i know that it's wrong?
the only thing that puts a smile on my face is putting one on yours  smile 
"coming to edgewater for the weekend, i might need somewhere to crash"
blue man group was amazing!!!!
can't come to edgewater mom's playing her im too tired game    
my arm hurts!
"i'm a <propfemale> girl in the <propfemale> world \life in plastic, it's fantastic \you can brush my hair, undress me everywhere imagination, life is your creation!"
i feel like an outer shell of who i am 
playing bass with <propmale> 
seaman recruit <propfirst> fairhurst
"did you hear about the actress who stabbed her husband for cheating? reese something  reese    reese    witherspoon? no, with a knife!   surprise "
"uncle butthead woke me up at 7 for no reason, who wants to <propfemale>?"
"so i realized im a better guy then i used to be maturing and getting older im understanding the world alot better, i'm happy  smile "
"it used to be popular to like <propfirst> bieber, now its popular to hate him "
mosquitoes are the worst almost as bad as wasps
pooooooontangggggg
im like superman without kryptonite 
tired    had a good day  smile 
get someeeeeeee
we need more lemon pledge
ay dios mio!!!!
you know what really grinds my gears? fat chicks that think there hot  put down the fork!!
life's not about the people who act true to your face  it's about people who remain true behind your back 
"vons party is set, time to see how this night goes!"
"last night i met a girl who was afraid of getting her picture taken, she was hiding and running away from the flash like it was going to take her soul"
"online school, drinking coffee and chillin"
"going to see the magic game tommorow, i have never seen a basketball game before"
dressed up looking good!
i was on channel 2 tonight it was awesome!
how did we meet?? (copy this to your status and see who remembers)
"tommorow should be fun, if i get that ticket    "
"everyperson\ has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one; to get better  i know, \that 97% will not post this as their status, or even acknowledge it  be \one of the 3% to like it, and put this as your status, at least for an \hour, and show your support for those who died because of \cancer, suffered because of cancer or   are still fighting it  october \is cancer month!"
homecoming wasent bad
come join me! - i started a live video chat at http annoyed  tinychat com kjhfytdyerdxcvhjkgtu
up till 4 hearing this guys e playful lanation on how 9 11 was a conspiracy 
thanks to pauly d im out of minutes on my cell dont try callin or textin 
"just watched twilight, what a shit movie     "
pimps don't cry
down in edgewater son!
"so tired, got woken up by the dog "
"what i found out this weekend     edgewater= place has changed lost people i loved and respected  but learned who the true people are and who means something to me is, not those piece of shit scumbag \friends\"" i've made or those trash talking bitches  real people i care about and miss everyday while im gone to some distant place living a new life and creating new endeavours  this goes to those people"""
"this is the second time, i've been fucked by dairy <propfemale>!!!!"
wtf is with girls and no eyebrows?
haha! teenage love is funny people get hurt so easy because they open their hearts so quick  life isn't a disney movie learn to grow the fuck up!
you can take the cat out of the jungle but you can't take jungle out of the cat!
just got done playing tennis with <propfemale> ears on 
"just got done finishing my project for driving <propmale>, took me 3 hours "
"i just put out my campfire, it was perfect for the night "
<propfirst> fairhurst robocop!
i think true blood is awesome! taking v sounds amazing!!!
"touched down in the land where the skies were blue,\\in the middle of the pouring rain \\everybody was happy, energy shining down on me \\yeeeah, i've got a first class ticket been as good as a boy can be "
"watching 1000 ways to die, had a fun day today "
blah!!! i wanna have fun! winter park is so boring  surprise 
"down in nsb, hit me up on here"
"three things some girls do that bother me   \1 burp loud and obnoxious \2 tell me to suck there penis (which they don't have )\3 saying there drunk for an excuse (when they werent )"
happy betrayed indians day
"sooo tired, thanksgving was fun"
what if dinosaurs wiped themselves out from a war?
wanna go to the beach today
"bang bang, she shot me down\bang bang, i hit the ground\bang bang, that awful sound bang bang, my baby shot me down   "
"ahhh i'm soaked, damn you rain!!"
"so my grandma just told me that if you're cut really bad you should pee on it, i asked why dont the docters pee on their patients? she said they bottle it and use as medicine  my reaction       bullshit"
"r i p <propfirst> watson, if only i had known you beyond you're magnificant musical talent and got to know you on more of a personal level  that would be something"
today went great to total bullshit    night facebook
boredd  annoyed 
england in 9 days
i love how she can make me smile and we're not even together
what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasoreass
my own mother just called me an asshole on the phone and i'm done with the way she treats me  everyone says how i better'd myself except her she does nothing but bring me down and treat me like shit
that massage hurt my back 
my cell works txt call 386-689-9591
"why not    \2010 is almost over  confess something you've always wanted to tell me to my inbox  put this as your status  you might be surprised at what you get \"""""
going to england today!
in england waking up to a cold morning and meeting up with <propmale> in a bit 
"i got so drunk last night i brought the snowman in from the garden to keep warm \i got up this morning and he pissed all over the floor and run off "
"had a crazy dream last night, there was this machine that gives me the ability to  see the biggest regret in a girls life  i said my ex's name and it showed her flirting with a latino guy at this party and i was like da fuhh?!! woke up pissed "
had a fun night at liquid with my bro <propmale> fairhurst 
my debit card just came in  laugh 
shitty fucking night and woke up to a shitty morning  <propfemale> fucking christmas!!
i got some sweet ass presents  laugh !
gotta love the double <propfemale>!
listening to kid cudi
gunna have some fun tonight!
feeling down  annoyed  so many negatives in my life and i always look for the positves trying to make things better then they actulley are 
watching some old ass cartoons with my baby bro <propfirst>   smile 
saved the house from being burned down and everyone in it 
staying up till 4am listening to my nig eminem 
"boring day today, who wants to meet up tomorrow?"
"ow my neck it's hurts so bad, why???"
is with <propmale>   i love her 
i love my horley chick <propfirst> salter
todays agenda flvs-making up school work from the shit internet then getting yelled at by favourite stepmom <propfemale> and videogames when <propmale> gets home  laugh 
"there's a hole in our logic\there's a hole in the sky\and one day just like magic\we're all going to die\'cause we didn't turn the lights off\and we didn't take the bus\even though we know we should have\oh, silly old us"
looking for a nice chick 
ughhh some british people are ugllyyy!
"people need to be nicer to each other, get rid of all the hate in this world "
why are people ignoring me today   
"have a working cell phone no texting but you can call, if i don't answer you'll get a call back with a different number- 07906301755"
peppa pig!!
i love drunk chicks 
if anybody on facebook has a skype add me!     einsteinn
just got back from london  laugh 
do it like a mandem?
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me james386
"and if you don't knowwwww, now you know niggggggggggggggggggaa!"
i hate to see girls cry  annoyed 
i sell propane and propane accessories 
met a muslim today who said muhhamad was a better prophet then jesus i lol'ed  then he said <propfirst> bieber was real music i lol'ed even harder 
"just watched amadeus, it changed my perspective on music "
happy valentines <propfirst>!
like this for a truth 
"a new fad is going around it's called facebook banners, it's going be big then turn into chessy effects just like myspace "
snake eater!! dreaammmm snake eater!!
"i have the worst headache, took a strong pain reliever feeling loopy "
all i wanna do is do it!
not feeling good  annoyed 
"hi, i'm <propfirst> buble!"
i'm proud of this british town crawley even if they lost to manchester and yes i saw the game and i'm american
i'm utterly bored to death!
"i sent that chick a smiley face, chicks love smiley faces "
"i think i am an emo at heart, but with a gangster attitude along with a philosophers understanding "
"highschool\lunch time\tard tries to cut in the lunch line\admin stops him\starts to flip his shit running around the cafeteria screaming obscenities and flicking people off\flips his shit when people hiss at him\whole cafeteria starts hissing\he runs up to a vending machine and starts smashing his head against it, it breaks\admin grabs him\tard gets pissed at admin, tries to fight him\cop throws his ass to the ground"
<propfirst> is the funniest film!
i just got some pussy with <propfirst> brown and <propfirst> wise it was delicious!
"to all of my english friends and family i love you all! the status update about england was just a thing me and my american <propmale> did to see how brits would react you have proved your patriotism, well done  laugh "
"planning a trip to the bahamas, party party!"
"went to the hospital tonight with my dad  a woman was calling for any christian to help her because she was dying me and my dad got up and tried our best to help, but in the end the nurses carried her off    "
so i believe i have narcissistic personality disorder (npd) i've been checking it out and i have alot of similar traits relating to it 
"like this for an insult, if you got the balls?"
like this for a compliment 
"love is evil, spell it backwards i'll show you "
did you know the tomato is not only a fruit but also a <propfirst> 
japan will recover they have a striving economy that will rebuild  it's the small island countries i'm worried about 
i hate fake bitches 
"i don't know you've done to me, but i wanna do bad things to you "
"my throat hurts, and no it's nothing gay "
innit bruv! fancy a cup of tea?
you can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd!
"usa lost many lives on 9-11-01 and now japan has lost more lives on 3-10-11 \add the 2 dates together and you get 12-21-12 "
i always tell the truth  even when i lie 
<propmale> finally lost his vcard to <propfemale> devindespite griffith!!
"goodbye england, i'll see you soon "
back in the homeland!
just got back from hot topic and got some sick kid cudi t-shirts 
cant sleep felling    distraught 
"tanned up, workout time!"
i forgot how gross high school food was  annoyed 
i forgot how gross high school food was  annoyed 
facebook is being retarded 
