bb146341f320d221a59e0e91ac533d0e
my boyfriend just body slammed me like <propfirst> cena lol having a great new years! hope you do too!  smile 
omg! lol lets go buff!  love 
is still kinda down today  hoping i can fix it   sad  i better cheer up no doubt and paramore tomorrow!!
"work til 6  getting food and drinkies to tailgate tomorrow, then going to get sissy <propfemale> in clarion  woohoo for darien lake fun tomorrow rides+no doubt+paramore=holy crap!"
cant wait to get my tonsils out! ughh! another sore throat  sad 
finishing up at work   done at 6  getting my tonsils out tomorrow  eeks! lots of ice cream and other delicious frozen treats will be greatly appreciated!  smile 
is back at work    wish i was home laying in bed  this medicine makes me sleepyyy!
bored bored bored really cant wait to get back to school  less than 3 weeks away!!
working til 6 then heading to delaware with my girls til sunday!!  smile 
back to work   its my last week  then back to wilpo on sunday! 
"oh working 2-6, picking up my car  smile  yay!, and then packing for the rest of the night!     3 more days til im back in wilpooo!!"
last day of work!!!  smile 
back in williamsport!! volleyball practice starts tomorrow  bright and early!
sooo glad its friday!  smile  sand volleyball later! until then just relaxing and running some errands 
seriously? ah  i really have no idea about anything anymore  lol gees 
school has started once again!! ooo lordyyy! haha
fun needs to be had    like right now!  smile  !!!!!!!!
out with the old  in with the new!  smile 
relaxing tonight then tourney tomorrow and saturday! gonna have a blast with my volleyball girls!  smile 
just got back to wilpo ! fun night with my ladies ahead!  smile  excited!
amazing night  wink      homework and other lame things all day 
please don't let me down  
so 1 volleyball game turned into 2   surprise! finally just got home! sleeping!
"glad class is over for the day! packing, volleyball 6 smile 0-8 smile 0 then driving back to elk co  tonight!"
"wow  imma about done with this  anyways, away game at pennstate brandywine   wont be home til late "
rushing around since we didnt get home til 1 smile 0am from our game  ugh  getting this report done then class til 3 smile 0
is hating life  ughhh
is finally realizing that maybe this isn't even worth it   and surprised that im pretty much over it  volleyball 6 smile 0-8 smile 0 then watching the game!  lets go buffalo!!  smile 
oh buffalo  why must you break my heart?  oooo fuck 
i must suck  whatever  =[
two home volleyball games tonight! 6 and 9pm !
is pretty much sick of getting let down  guess you cant e playful ect a boy to do it like a man  lol ouchhh
oh getting some food with o and then getting lots of homework done   so much due this week!!
someone needs to step it up  bahah  theres too many other options for me to be acting a fool for you   really 
working on wallstreet articles all day  no fun!
absolutely!!!
is definitely getting creeped out  i mean  really? we could quite possibly be on two different levels   yours being the lower one hahaha!
is annoyed  i'm spending too much time being stupid  lol
i need some sunshine in my life   sad 
i feel good today  smile 
wow today is the worst day of my life  =[
yay for it being the weekend !! home tomorrow    bills game sunday !!
writing another essay  seems like thats all i'm doing this semester  at least the people whose teeth i'm cleaning will know i can write papers in both mla and apa formats haha
the rest of october should be pretty awesome   love 
<propfirst> just left for work  and i'm laying in bed watching hocus pocus lol  smile 
going to iup for <propfemale>'s 21st birthday tonight!!! this is going to be wild! cant wait!
is overloaded with work today! busy busy   sad  uck
is pretty disgusted with life  i try to be a good person and seems all that happens is that i get shit on  so going out with the ladies tonight to lighten up my life  smile 
not going to management due to the fact i want to find out what is wrong with me  im a sick girl =[ hopefully health services can figure it out!
out for a couple grateful deads for covas's birthday!!!  love 
one more class then its the start of my weekend  thank goodness  smile 
new <propfemale> in like 13 hours!!!!  smile  can hardly wait!  love 
so having everyone hating on me for being team <propmale> for the last 2 years after seeing new <propfemale> i completely know it was worth it and feel bad for all the girls who like a creepy looking vampire with a hairy not impressive chest stomach! lol
one more class then break!  smile  going home tomorrow to spend thanksgiving with my lovely family and friends! cant wait!  love 
is back in williamsport   boyfriend is on a work trip  sad  so i'm bored working on homework foreverrr  ugh   at least the bills won today! woo!
i really want this semester to be over! since when is the week before finals suppose to be more stressful than actual finals? i think some teachers need to get a grip! lol
last night out for the semester! with my ladies!  smile 
really hates writing papers  this semester sure required enough of them  ugh 
yay for getting my papers done before midnight! lol management final tomorrow ! off to study a bit and watch tv  smile 
basically done with finals   optional one on thursday  i guess we will see how i feel that day lol  smile 
is still in williamsport spending time with my lovey for a couple more days  love  then back to elk county for christmas time!
havin too much fun with my babe tonight! haa!  smile  i love lifeeeeeeee!
the babysitters club is on tv! wow i haven't seen this movie in forever! haha guess i know what i am doing with my day 
my babe just left =[ had a great christmas and weekend though! in ridgway for a couple more days then off to wilpo for new years!
the food in the crock pot is making the house smell awesomeee ! <propfirst> will be quite excited when he gets home from work! hope everyone is having had a great new years
drinking a bottle of beer in a bubble bath   what a perfect start to tonight! can't wait to see all my girlies !  smile 
first day of classes  only one class though lol  smile 
who else in this world would ever put up with this nonsense other than me? no one! i am clearly stupid!
so excited to have a blast with my dental hygiene girls tonight!  smile 
saw <propfemale> and pandorum with my boo  love  staying in tonight!
drawing class and then boys volleyball game at 8  i just want the weekend to be here!!!
superbowl!!!  smile  cheering on the saints tonight!
lots and lots of snow  smile  and no classes!!
happy valentines day everyone!  love 
we fight with the ones we love the most    love 
yeahh   i don't like that  at all 
i'm beginning to realize that i can't please everyone   unless i would want to change the person i am which would lead to lots of unhappiness  not worth it  so take it or leave it  smile   everyone else in my life seems to think i'm pretty rad so maybe its not me with the problem??? not really sure  but i am sure that i'm sick of thinking about it!!
finally getting to bed   up bright and early for 2 exams  bleh 
one more class then packing up and going home for my birthday weekend!  smile  so excited!!  love 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!  smile 
"being alone in this house for the second day in a row is terrible! absolutely bored and missing my boo  sad   not to mention i can hear people from next door running up and down their stairs and slamming doors, it creeps me out! probably spending my night laying in bed watching movies  awesome "
badddd girls  !  love  and then <propfirst> comes back from boston!  smile  yay!!
been on a rollercoaster from hell for the past year and now that i'm off i will definitely not be getting back on! enjoying my last 2 months here in wilpo and then off to start my life! i cannot wait!  smile 
i just want to be worth it    sad 
"over it, over it, over it  letting it go and moving on with life   love "
finally deciding to go to bed! hahaa  sweet dreams  love 
"out for a bit  gym, class, probably tanning and visiting the financial aid office somewhere in between to see if i can finish up my classes this summer   speaking of it, where should i live for the summer? stay in williamsport? go back home? or try some place new? any suggestions or anyone need a roomie? lol"
i've seriously never had someone who i care about this much treat me this way  hoping to get a good nights sleep and start over tomorrow  so that whenever the person who wants to treat me good and care as much as i do comes along i will be ready   or you can just take me to the movies tomorrow lol  goodnight!  smile 
definitely feeling the effects of not getting any sleep the last couple nights  but too much to do so i guess sleep time will have to wait 
"drawing class, gym and then home to get a good nights sleep cause tomorrow is st  pattys! gonna have fun with my ladies all day, all night lol!  smile "
"finally home  getting some sleep then gym and class  but lets not forget that its st  patty's day tomorrow! cell block with the ladies all day, all night!  smile  a couple green beers isn't going to hurt!"
happy st  pattys everyone!! out on the town for some green beer!!
can barely keep my eyes open  night  love 
life confuses me   i'm trying to make the best choice   a quick fix of happiness won't make me happy in the long run but for some reason its so hard to walk away 
what to do on this beautiful day        hmm
"i need to get a grip on reality and do whats best for me  this back and forth, back and forth routine isn't working  at all  over it and feeling great today!  love "
are you kidding me??     ugh 
ughhh i hate when i had full intentions to go to a class and my alarm was set wrong!!! boooo 
"relaxin for a bit, packing, then home!  love  going out tonight, can't wait to see you all!!!"
"happy easter! washing the car, eating dinner with the family and debating whether to drive back to wilpo  "
you are the one  you'll never be alone again  you're more than in my head   you're more love 
ugh! does anything go right!?!!!! couldn't be more frustrated with life right now !
"if you don't feel complete, if i don't take you all of the way   then go  yeahh, go   "
home til tomorrow night then back to finish off the rolling rock festivities with everyone!  smile 
i could watch and listen to <propfirst> castro sing alll day    perferably outside under the sunshine and blue skies  beautiful music  love 
tonight was the last nude model night in my drawing class   thank goodness! lol
blue and white game! popped the first top already  smile 
ugh  its after 2am and i still can't fall asleep  all i want to do is sleep!!!!!!! grr
"phone is pretty much busted  i can't get the touch screen part to work so until tomorrow if you need me, fb is best  smile "
last day of finals  once this day is over i will be happy  smile 
trying to pack and organize some things   drive in later with <propfirst>   excitedd!! love 
"i wish people would just learn to stop   i really can only take so much of the repeated mistakes, especially when its always the same one!! gees  its not that hard  bed  back to williamsport tomorrow!"
so glad an obnoxious loser moved into the house and woke me up about 4 times last night and my house smells like an ashtray    oh well he'll get his   haha revenge is sweeeet  smile 
is it a sin for wanting to be happy? i mean really  
finally getting into elk co     
at the drive in's dusk til <propfemale> movie night  one movie down    lets see how long we can make it 
bed for me! had a lot of fun with the girls tonight but i miss my love and wish he would come back from jerseyyyy  love 
"got cold feet about getting the puppy today  sad  why is it such a hard decision, i thought i wouldn't be able to say no! lol"
watching shutter island with <propfirst>      love 
sleeping alone for the 2nd night in a row   grr i do not like this    at least i have sailor to snuggle with  <propfirst> comes back from jersey tomorrow  smile 
watching the hills til bed     wahhh
the apartment and job searching starts nowww   big girl days here i come!!
on my way to elk co  for the night!
"we're going to look at the apartment today, deposit in hand   lets hope it works out! then to <propfirst>'s sisters for some dinner and visiting "
sailor chipped one of his maxillary canines   goofy pup!
moving  moving  moving      
wishing i had some kind of class to go to today    sad  instead i am still unpacking and looking for a hygiene job   boooo 
sailor lost his first tooth  aw what a big boy!
sending out about 50 resumes to dentists in a 20 mile radius   and <propfirst> has an interview today   lets hope for the best!  smile 
i am sorry but i love t o     may have to take a trip up to buffalo next weekend  bills scrimage the bengalsssssss
thinking about a new hair color    but i really have no idea what  stay blonde or try something new? what do i do!?!
lunch and a movie with <propfirst>  smile 
waiting for my mama to get here!  love  then spending the whole day with her!
"seriously, enough is enough  edwards you may be cute, but you suck at being a qb! somebody do something about it alreadyyyy"
"gaga wore a meat dress in order to stand up for gay fans? too bad you just offended anyone who stands up for animal rights  in my opinion she is a freakin loon!  get a life you creep i mean its comparable to fur, skin, and any other part used for clothes, shoes, etc! she was all emotional over the military, our fallen soliders but who cares about the animal you hacked up to make your stinky, rotting dress? ignorance "
out with the girlies tonight!  smile 
"great day in pittsburgh with <propfirst>; visited the zoo, shopped for a bit, and pigged out at mad mex  the ride home however was the longest of my life! so tired  bed!  love "
even though its raining we're headed to the bloomsburg fair   smile 
<propfirst> and i's one year anniversary today! seems like forever longer  haha! sooo happy and lovingg life!  love   love 
snooki is at the school tonight   i hope she doesn't think she will find any juice head gorillas at penn tech   haha!
finally ordered our costumes   makes me so excited for halloween weekenddd!
its my boo's birthday  smile 
"getting some things done, then off to elk co for the weekend!  smile "
scary movies and pumpkin carving with <propfirst> and sailor  smile 
lunch date and seeing saw 3d with my babe before tonights halloween festivities! sooo excited
halloween party time ! !
handing out <propfemale> to the kiddos then out on the town again! love halloween!
just picked sailor up from the vet   poor guy just got neutered  taking it easy the rest of the night !
fedex sucksss   always so slow!
"after debating getting tickets for the bills steelers game i have decided thats a no-go  give me some w's <propmale>, and i might consider giving you some $$$ "
<propfirst> is working all night  catching up on the bad girls club and the walking dead   thank you on demand for letting me have a life but still allowing me to be a tv junkie once in a while!  smile 
bahahahaha <propmale> reed   hahahahahahahaha
kinect is a riot hahahah <propfirst> and i are having too much fun
heading over to <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s for some delicious thanksgiving dinner!
"after packing for what seemed like forever, finally on the road to elk county with <propfirst> and baby sailor!!  smile "
love that i lost my phone black friday shopping   ughhh at least its an old replacement phonee
lets go bufffaloooo!!!
really has to get my butt in gear to finish up my capstone  !!
finishing my capstone powerpoint for my presentation tomorrow   then vs fashion show before bed!!
dear neighbor lady  your glass coca cola bottles wind chime is totally unnecessary and super annoying  thanks for keeping me up all night  what do you even need a wind chime for anyways? even my dog knows theres a hurricane outside   geesh
now my car breaks down in gangsterville    ughh great
i have seen about 3 cars in the last couple weeks with the italian flag on it backwards  haha
legally blonde is motivating me to get this 20 <propfemale> paper done   blonde power!
2 degrees down!  taking a break from the school thing and working working working    i'm sure i wlll see you all when they figure out the advanced practitioner schoolingg?! hahahaa
"hopefully hearing good news about the townhouse today   if not, its back to searching "
moving for the third time this year  ugh    i'm ready to settle in and stay for awhile!
"finally got all our christmas shopping done!! finishing the night off relaxing, movie watching, and wrapping "
"good thing we just got our new washer and dryer, we are seriously up to our ears in laundry! guess i know what i will be doing tonight "
up bright and early   heading back home for christmas!
i am starting to hate eagles fans almost as much as steeler fans   both talk tooo much   shutttt it! you both have morally corrupt quarterbacks so no they aren't amazing nor gods and neither of your teams will win the superbowl this year anyways  relax 
"ew jersey shore needs to cut sammi   shes boring, rude, and just takes up space  "
would really love to know why the church across the street continues to have their chimes play christmas songs every night   for 30 minutes  sorry but its annoying 
sailor is very happy vick threw that interception!  smile  bahahahaaaa
brit spearssss is back ! bahaa love it  love 
ew that game was disgusting  ! unless you are a steelers fan you hate their players and their fans   must be a reason for it   hmmmm !? lol !
over to <propfemale>'s to watch the game   go pack go!
"just made some cupcakes, taking them over to <propfemale>'s ! then going out on the town ! can't wait to see you all!  love "
i hope everyone is having a fabulous <propfirst>'s day!  love   love 
just schooled <propfirst> in nba2k11 haha!
"wishes sailor was normal so we could take a walk on the river trail without him barking at every person, dog, car, gust of wind   etc   ugh lol he has too much anxiety, hopefully he gets over it with time "
"can this snow please melt   my car continues to get suck in the dumbest parking lot ever! if i somehow get out, then i can't get back in  parking in the backyard for now  ha!"
shouldn't have watched that <propfemale> knox movie on lifetime  it gives me an uneasy feeling   such a chilling story 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! cupcake making time!!
this hasn't been the easiest month   heading back to elk co  just sailor and i   heart-broken 
just spent a year and a half on the biggest waste of life in the world   once  a liar always a liar     
cleaning teeth today! finally!
