3704c88e57047c51a3264dd689ce66f5
thanks to everyone for your warm regards and pic concerning the wedding   it truly was a dream come true   it's taken me a while to get back to facebook but i will try to be more diligent about checking it in the future   will definitely put together a wedding album soon   love to all!!!
"ok, guys and dolls it's the hottness against the oldness tonight   bring it on ladies!!!  jk!!!"
just got the wedding movie back this week   it was amazing!!!  thanks again to everyone   we love you all!!
lets go duke!!!  lets go duke!!!  lets go duke!!!
happy easter!!!  enjoy the beautiful day!!!
looking forward to a relaxing weekend and hopefully building my first fire in my new fire pit   yea!!!
this week is taking forever!! i'm ready for the weekend 
sometimes i wonder if the good people ever really get a break   or maybe they aren't meant to because they are strong enough to withstand hardship   still everyone needs a little breathing room sometimes    right???
"everything happens for a reason, everything happens for a reason, everything happens for a reason     "
i will officially be married to an old man tomorrow      adam turns the big 30!!!!
this weekend was awesome!!!  we had such a good time spending it with our family and friends   i think that's the most people i've ever fed at one time!!!  thanks to everyone that gave me a helping hand   i couldn't have done it without you   i will also think twice about inviting everyone to bring a dessert   so much for that summer body!!!
"just went for a walk, or got walked, with my main man    caesar!!! he's such a good boy!!!"
mowing the yard with allergies sucks!!!  i feel like my eyes are going to pop out of my head 
going to lunch with <propfirst>'s mom and grandmother today   hope we can find a place to eat that's not overrun with ru's graduation   
happy mother's day to all the mom's out there   especially mine!!!
applied to ru today   scary to think i'm trying to go back to school
going to see the stringdusters tonight at the <propmale> theatre in roanoke with my girl <propfemale>   so excited!!!!!
stringdusters are awesome!!!  can't wait to see them again   hopefully in ny
off to roanoke to see the fam  and then a relaxing weekend before school starts 
homework and mowing both suck!!!  when is it going to be my turn to be lazy???
got my first test today      a little nervous!!!
going to the salem fair with three of my favorite people tonight   hope i can talk someone into riding a few      
whew!!!  first test of the class = 95%  that deserves some celebration!!!
spinnakers is losing their most valued bartender tonight    sad   nobody makes margaritas like <propfemale> j!!!  they   i mean   she will be missed   lol!!!
"busy day today, work, clean, shop, cook     "
great time this weekend!!!  glad everyone could make it and had a blast   i'll post pictures soon    smile 
<propfemale> is gone and <propfemale> is sad   busy day today so it should keep me occupied    sad 
playing on the computer while i listen to my big boy snore and the stringdusters somewhere in the background   gotta love sunday's    smile 
man i'm glad it rained today   i was getting tired of watering the plants every single day!!!
lots to do today   last week of school is pretty crazy!!!
big day today   final exam this morning and 10 year class reunion this afternoon   should be a good day starting around 1 surprise 0    smile 
going to dinner with the family tonight   gourmet hamburgers = yum!!!
going to steppin out tonight   should be fun but humid!!!  the kind is playing this weekend too   smile 
it's been a crazy couple of weeks   tell me again why i thought i would have more time to get things done when i am out of school   why isn't that working out???
<propfirst> is taking me on a surprise trip this weekend for my birhtday   i have no idea where we're going but i'm super excited!!!  what a great guy!!!
weekend trip was awesome!!!  will be posting pictures soon    smile 
thanks for the b-day love everyone!!!  i had a great day    smile 
back to school again tomorrow   a little nervous about taking a full load but we'll see how it goes    
this week seems like it's taken forever and it's only tues    ugh!!
relaxing with my husband of one year today  what a great day and how fast the year has flown by! can't wait to see what the future holds 
"just bombed my first test of the semester along with more than half of the class   it's like she said, \make sure you study this\"" and then thought naa i'm not going to put that stuff on there   let's just put some crap we haven't gone over at all!!!!  that'll teach 'em     why did i go back to school again???"""
go boston college!!!
it's baby shower day!!! can't wait to see all the cute stuff  smile 
just had a perfect day at the cabin   thanks for the wonderful time dad   we love you!!!
it's almost festy time!!!!  break out the banjo's people   <propfemale>'s going campin!!!
jury duty is intense!!!!!!
packing for the weekend    or trying to anyway  can't wait to get to the city!!!!
on our way to <propfemale> the to ny   can't wait to see <propfemale> j!!   smile 
back to school   i'll be glad when thanksgiving gets here 
one more test then its break time baby!!!
go duke beat <propfemale>!!!  look for us at the game if your watching   <propfirst> got tickets for christmas   who's a good wife????
bowling with my dad tonight  let the fun begin!!!!!
it's the last day of freedom before class tomorrow  too bad i have to work all day and then read a chapter of business law  spring semester here we go 
so glad tomorrow is friday   i am ready for the weekend!!!
what happened to the nice weather? burrr!!!!
"apperently, hoarders: buried alive aired an episode last night with some radford folks   did anyone catch it or know anything about it?  crazy!!!  but i'm not surprised "
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!
wow!!! what a week!!!  so glad it's friday!!!!  guess who's birthday is tomorrow????
happy birthday dad!!!! have a great day! love you  smile 
so glad its friday!!! yea!!!!
spring break baby!!! woo hoo!!!!
