bd7f2d7f207bb7e917690be1f99b5e99
yea im a ut student     doesn't make me a vol!!!!! war eagle!!!!!!
"what a great, long weekend! but now    ooooh back to school, back to school, to prove to dad that im not a fool, i got my lunch packed up, my boots tied tight, i hope i dont get in a fight ooooh back to school, back to school, back    to     school   "
kodi burns you rock my world!!!!!
"so im sitting here in the library, studyin for two huge exams i have tomorrow  i look down at the table, and someone has etched the words \spank kids\"" into the surface  im confused    am i supposed to spank my kids    when i have some? were they telling someone to randomly spank their own kids? or should i run around and start spanking every kid i see? hm     """
time for wings and karaoke!!!
"pulled an all-nighter, about to go to my two friday classes, then im driving home  ((to the ham!!!)) this is probably not among the smartest things ive ever done  but the ipod's charged, so it's gonna be a cheeeeezy 80s marathon all the way down!!!"
"in the ham and loving it  already been shoppin at the summit, eaten a huge country breakfast, and had lunch at <propmale> n nicks  im home   smile "
blue sky!!!!! how ive missed you!!!!!
think i mighta found a job!!!! waitin on a call back! fingers crossed!
word of the day: snot 
side effects that should be on the written on the cold medicine pill box: your head will feel like it is a helium balloon floating 10 feet above your body and attached by an elastic string  a warning would have been nice   smile 
so i think its cool when professors move exams back to a later date that just so happens to coincide with two other scheduled exams on the same day  thats pretty cool  thanks  no pressure  life is easier now  yay 
tests? owned  fall break? celebrate!
new job  new apt  new city  here's to new beginnings   wink 
o  my  lanta  hahahaha
im thankful for friends who drive an hour basically just to sit down and have a sweetwater blue with me   smile 
avoiding the mistake i made yesterday of drinking 3 shots of espresso and 4 huge cups of coffee  i think i can i think i can  im fighting off this caffeine addiction 
"does anyone know of a movie that is actually scary? ive been looking for one and they're all stupid hilarious  in honor of halloween, i want one so horrific that i cant sleep for a week "
3 days  no coffee  stayin strong  now if only this headache would go away   
"in need of a light, foldable campsaw  sos"
love it when i get up and head to class only to find it cancelled! shuuuweeeeeeeeeet
"best dialogue of the day: \i cant wait to be out side freeing my booty off\"" \""dont free your booty in my direction lady\"""""
ok  looks like im skipping lab and going to nashville tonight???? i love love love random road trips   smile 
"nashville ruled  just not sure if getting back to knox at 6 in the morning was worth it    wait, what am i thinking? who needs sleep? it totally was!!!!!"
surrounded by ghettofabulousness and grumpypants    overload   smile  bahaha
"hm    free pizza at barleys  chatting with fellow forestry nerds  o, and free pizza at barleys  im so there!"
    
its 1130 and im really hyper and dont wanna go to bed but i have two tests tomorrow and i cant study anymore and i need to go get some sleep but i cant  wow i sound like a 6 year old 
eyes: burning from lack of sleep  beeeeeeeeg time 
i kinda feel like knoxville adventures are not gonna be as fun in the rain tonight  sorry stevo  but sushi? heck yea!
"tonight in missoula, montana: rain snow showers lo: 33°  mostly cloudy with a slight <propmale> of rain and snow showers  lows in the lower to mid 30s        beginning to not regret that decision!!!!!!"
thank you <propfirst> for making me aware of how much of a geek i am 
ok so driving to athens in the rain doesnt bother me much  cuz its athens  woooo!!!!!!
"home  athens ruled  now, books "
3 weeks til the end of the semester  gah  thats crazy talk 
two more days of class  i think they will be the two longest days of my life!
no more classes! woo! celebrate!
ok  prepping my brain for some more hardcore studying in hopes it doesnt e playful lode from an information overload that theory of how we humans only use 10% of our brain? ive blown it outta the water  im totally thinking my brain capacity has reached at least 73% of its total usage potential 
its only tuesday?!?!!??!?!?!?!!!
1 more final this afternoon    then 1 tomorrow  i think i can i think i can i think i can 
cant wait to go home  i miss being around my people 
"from now on, only genuine people are allowed to talk to me  is there like a filter somewhere that will get rid of the fake ones???"
"ive listened to \i believe\"" by elmore <propfirst> about 28 times so far today  overkill? maybe just a lil bit """
the biggest thing i will remember about seeing the avett brothers: that someone in the row in front of us had the worst gas ever 
"when you sell your soul for a nickle, its amazing how much the value of a dollar changes "
ah      light at the end of the tunnel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"today i witnessed the <propfemale> of a jogger slipping on the snow-covered sidewalk and flipping in the air to land loudly on the cement  i, of course, bursted out laughing, angering the jogger and causing her to cry out to the world what i bitch i was  in reply, i laughed even harder and told her id rather be a bitch than the dumbass trying to run on a solid sheet of ice  pwned "
gotsta keep on movin on
follow your inclinations with due regard to the policeman around the corner 
i admit my failures at mariokart  came in last after every race!!  sad 
i swallow oxygen  makes me float up 
i will not play farmville or restaurantville or zoogame or whatever heck else there is to play on here  so please stop with the requests!!!!! but i love you guys anyways   smile 
today was fun  a huge truck took a bite out of the back of my little car 
homework can wait  its time for a hiking adventure!
ready for    something new 
"ive discovered that there is, in fact, such a thing as too much fun  buckling down    starting    now!"
ok  the snow was pretty  but more?! im moving to southern california or arizona  im just not cut out for this!!!
me+economics=i want to stab myself in the eye with a dull pencil 
"why i should never attempt to study at home: after 2 pots of coffee, a place in the sun (with <propfemale> <propfirst>!) is playing on tv while i read \the hunting of the snark\"" and play <propmale> <propfirst> songs on <propfirst>'s guitar in between ice skating in my socks on the kitchen tile  cabin fever (or a d d ?) at its worst  yessss <propfirst> just let her drown in the lake """
"sisters, brothers and the whities  blacks and the crackers  police and their backers  they're all political actors!"
sun??? shine??????
"there's just something about having the windows down, my hair flying in my face, playin sweet tunes ridiculously loud, and singing at the top of my lungs  it makes me drive way too fast  i don't guess it's spring until i get my first speeding ticket of the year  well, we should all be happy  it's official now! spring is here!"
conflicted 
finally going to see shutter island and i cannot wait  i hope i havent built it up too much!
impatient 
headed to asheville with <propfemale>! woo!
fun time is over    back to the grind  (at least until next weekend!)
stop one of my john-cusack-movie-discovery-journey: one crazy summer  o yea!
not freaking out  not freaking out  not freaking out  just breathe  oxygen  ahhhhhh
i just sneezed without e playful ecting it and snot rocketed at least 3 feet across the room  me+being sick=new guiness world record  ridiculous 
"today i drove with my windows down all day in the sunshine, then enjoyed some smores while i relaxed at my first spring bonfire under the stars  im definetely a warm weather kinda girl!!"
"2 days of perfect, warm, <propfemale> weather followed by    today  cloudy  gray  gross  chilly   sad  boo!!"
youre old road is rapidly agin'  please get outta the new one if you cant lend a hand!
distracted 
the night owl cafe in old city is the bomb diggity and everyone should go  it's my new favorite place!
thanks thanks thanks! my birrrrday! i do what i want!!!!!!!!!
thanks errrrebody! my birrday ruled!
"we had a promise made; four hands, and then away"
class: suffered through  spring playlist: perfected  the only other thing i have to do today: go get sunburned by the pool  aw-right!
what is it about the spring that makes everyone wanna sing love songs and buy puppies?!?? jeeeeez
apparently the good luck charm that zues the <propfemale> gave me is working      ah haw
tonight <propmale> <propfirst> called me his sweetie  he loves me now i just know it 
adventure friday is startin again    i think maybe kayaking all day sounds like a great way to break it back in  (fingers crossed for sunshine)
   still sore from saturday's canoeing adventure   
yep    still able to deftly dodge those bullets   
gentlemen! you cant fight in here  this is the war room!
new beginnings 
"that'll do, pig  that'll do "
yuck 
treadin' water 
"so the awesome, cheap dream house just got stolen out  from under us  if anyone knows of a sweet house for rent in knoxville, let me know  its crunch time, baby!"
"got up early, made a huge to-do list, and have already marked off a few things  productive day, here i come!"
"no, really  i'm not surprised you're intimidated  most people are "
i am dancing to new order  that is all 
ow!
the challenge this weekend is to actually accomplish all the things i have planned! game: on 
"recap of last night: met <propfirst> einstein, survived a fire in my apt building, <propmale> out with the ditcher and the bitcher, and played mommy to <propfemale> who wont shutup about her foot "
lovin' life right about now!
over it 
"excited to see my mom, <propfemale>, and aubie!"
i hate seaweed teeth 
"synchronized fireflies: one of the most amazing, beautiful things i have ever seen    definetely a great way to kick off this summer's adventure tuesdays!"
"being patient  wait, no  trying to be patient!"
i have chiggers  great 
off to annoy <propfirst> all day in the kitchen  this will be a fun day!
been takin it easy all day with some much needed r&r    in spite of one lil road bump   playful 
setting goals is only a preliminary step  you must actually follow through and acheive those goals in order for them to count for anything  you got to move it move it!
"summer, don't end  ever  thanks "
creating my own fate and aligning planets  a force to be reckoned with 
finally  house  4th and gill  excited 
shutter island: total mind grenade  wasn't e playful ecting that ending at all 
loved me some inception!!!! sooooooooooo good!
i love it when great things happen in my closest friends' lives  it always gives me hope and makes me smile!!!!
meow 
can't wait to actually have a bed to sleep in  just sayin 
meteor shower! tonight! yeah!
i like to eat eat eat eeples and beeneenees
"yes, we all have our problems    just wish mine didn't destroy people "
wanna go play outside  there's a slight hint of fall in the air and i'm gettin antsy feet    adventure will happen soon   laugh 
"even after being up for over an hour, the sun shining, and a yummy breakfast in my stomach, im still pretty sure i will never be a morning person  n e v e r "
ahem    war eagle! it's gameday! yea!
a day at the park with family and bbq ribs is exactly what i needed! love bein a southern girrrrl!
"i have so many things to do this week    however, being overwhelmed will not be one of them! bring it!"
"if i'm a fool, i don't care  it's worth it "
"little rubberband craisin backpacks on white, tail-less lizards  this is what i have surrounded myself with, for some reason "
goodebye 
"so of all the shows concerts i've been to in these last couple of years, seeing en vogue at the tennessee valley fair takes the cake "
i killed boyfriend 
"athens bound! much needed weekend vacation: ready     go! terrapin and lil bro, here i come!"
lazy rainy day  just what i needed 
"well  hello, hoodie  good to see you again, my friend "
listening to the cure gets me all sentimental 
   and sometimes rain is just perfect for my mood 
"and i ran off, ran on to something\ that i swore was everything  \but beautiful\ (i only say that word for you)"
)) <> ((
so    the <propmale> horror picture show was so much fun! i'm not a virgin anymore!
a storm's blowin in 
"the storm's over for now  hello, blue skies "
enjoying my freedom to create today 
cats are dumdums
my feet hurt 
happy 
"well, <propfirst> dickens, sir?     and upton sinclair? i, too, am a champion  check it "
hey <propfirst>
raindrops keep fallin on my head
"had a wonderful, productive morning! so excited about <propmale> potter! ahhhh!!!"
"goal in life: to be as charismatic, comical, happy, determined, and loved as ferris bueller  i forgot how much i love this movie "
this is my favorite time of the year! aaaah    
hopeful 
"so, insomnia    we meet again   "
winter 
can't wait to see the <propfemale> chocolate drops tonight! so excited!
"time for some red wine, steak and potatoes, and some serious chill time with friends   smile "
sad 
that's a spicy meataballlll!!!
blue skies! just what i needed 
gon' <propfemale> git my herrrr did!!
im a happy girl! its christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>!
"so my favorite christmas songs    a tie between anberlin's cover of \christmas (baby please come home)\"" and    <propmale>' \""santa claus is back in town \"" cheesy but awesome duh"""
chillin in the hangout room getting addicted to bloxorz with <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst>! <propfemale> christmas!
"i had such a good time with family, but this drafty, messy old house never felt as cozy as it does right now  feet, up  hope everyone's having a <propfemale> christmas!"
what if you're all just a figment of my imagination?
"if you don't wanna wild one, quit hangin round with me!"
"pretty sure i will fall asleep with a smile on my face just thinkin bout how blessed i am to have an amazing and loving family, the best friends a girl could have, and to have found a goofy guy i just can't get enough of  i'm too grateful to even care how cheesy i sound!  playful "
oh my 
neverennnding snowwwry
"so, i'm a pisces now?!"
"im really hyper  work will be fun interesting annoying to all around me  \mwa\ha\ha"
