1a10f94a28b03adb1e0dc1dc1ff1be68
is wondering if the redskins are allergic to the football? wtf
"urr umm, thanks god for sending me many lessons, i get it for now!"
darn it! i forgot why i logged on to fb 
"darn it, i forgot why i logged on to fb!!!"
bring on the heatwave!
"so i was in the store today and a mother and 2 children were walking in the aisles   the two children are no older than 5 and maybe 3   the mother says \don't touch anything or else \"" meanwhile the children are singing \""birthday sex \""  please help me understand """
i'm doing community service on saturday 8 29 and on wednesday 9 2 for my birthday  i will be working with youth   let me know if you want to join in and give back 
is doing community service on saturday 8 29 and on wednesday 9 2 for my birthday  i will be working with youth  let me know if you want to join in and give back 
"is sad because my grandmother passed on friday and the funeral is on wednesday and yes that's my birthday   however, i am grateful that god has blessed me with a good support system and i know he has my back and has a plan for my life   i also know that god will give me strength to get through my trials cuz i really need it!"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and condolences   it was an extremely challenging day but i made it   as i looked at my fb <propfemale> today you all made me smile   i am joyous to know that you have my back and so does god   so thanks again and keep in touch 
know that now is the time to make my yearly goals and the time is now for me to take action and make great strides   stay tuned for my goals and continue to pray for me and our country 
"'s 2009 - 2010 goals (abbreviated list): 1 live on purpose 2 step up to responsibility 3 participate in local missions trip 4 launch personal youth project 5 birthday trip 2010 to <propfirst>  i do a personal check in in january, check on me then  what are your goals?"
"i don't know which is worse     <propfirst> <propfirst>'s \i can do bad   \"" or the redskins losing to the (0-19) lions who never won a superbowl ever?  *smh* i should have saw <propfirst> moore's \""capitalism    \""  don't ever ask me if i am a redskins fan again ever    & don't talk to me about madea and \""black stereotypes\""  ughhhhh!!!"""
<propfirst> osteen talked about how pruning brings blooming   he spoke about how god allows things to burn in your life so you can burn off your limitations and shackles   so that must mean god has something really big planned for me and i'm ready!!!
why is it 50 degree outside   someone do something!!
"uggh <propfemale>, why didn't u take me with u   oh and i'm in md not the dread cool ny or nj"
"ooh so cold and have to coach in 3 hours   i am bundling up and putting on my arnica oil, hat, gloves, leggings and      what else do i need?"
"so besides it being cold as all get out today (well not that cold) but god is testing my limitations today   i see where he is trying to take me, not so comfortable now <propfemale>  sad  nope!  well fb fam pray that i stay sane while god is preparing me and taking me through this wilderness and pruning e playful erience "
"it's a new day ya'll   i am inspired, i believe and i am e playful ecting greatness!  bring it on!!! i am ready!"
i wish i coud get $600k for my ideas    like on shark tank*sigh* one day    one day
"i have this great idea to help <propmale> <propfirst>'s county public schools but i need sponsors, funding and or a <propmale>   help!!!!"
"is welcoming her transition week   making plans, setting goals and doing my best "
"made it thru transition week & i am coming out of darkness, out of the wildnerness & into the light  my metamorphisis is happening now, i am still wrestling, still struggling but mine eyes are set on the <propfemale> of the lord   when you see me put on ur sunglasses cuz my light is the representation of my elevation & my destination so watch out now  still pray for me as my steps are ordered and i want to get there safely!"
"says this is let's \brag on jesus\""  week    so tell me why you love jesus   i love jesus because he's kept me in the midst of it all and he has a plan for me   i am ready and waiting for my next move """
"says this is let's \brag on jesus\"" week    so tell me why you love jesus  i love jesus because he perfects me through my weaknesses and my pain is preparation for my <propfemale>!"""
"was suddenly in flight 4-1 2 3 sec i grabd my girls shoulder or wouldve been laid out afta openg eyes & landg on floor i thought i bumpd in2 wall or faintd or ? den i saw \mo'nique\"" lookg chic profusely apologizg dat she bumpd in2 me & askg if i was ok was almost conscious & didnt answer or cant member think \""mo'nique\"" ran in2 me on purpose im rememberg her tellg me 2 eat & sayg somethg bout skinny b's da drama"""
"is wishing all my friends and family a happy thanksgiving   in honor of thanksgiving, i want to give a big shout out to my friend tarnisha \ebony\""  hemphill   i've known her for about 15 years   she has been my voice of reason and cheerleader especially for the last year   i really appreciate and love her and i am glad to have a friend like her      stay tuned for the next tday friend tribute    """
"is grateful 4 my life e playful eriences-good & bad  i am grateful that god choose me 2 be his child  in honor of thanksgiving, i want 2 shout out my friend <propfemale> traylor  i've known her for about 6 years  she has been my ear 2 listen & my accountability friend  we have gone thru similar struggles & i am glad that she understands me when others sometimes don't  i appreciate & love her & i am glad 2 have a friend like her "
"is grateful 4 my brother <propfirst> detry  in honor of thanksgiving, i want 2 give him a shout out  he is a great man & role model  we have been through joyous times and family sibling squabbles   he has been a shoulder to cry on, my close friend and he fulfilled his brotherly duties   we made it through the streets of brooklyn and i am grateful for him, i appreciate & love him & i am glad he's my brother and my friend "
"is grateful 4 my dad, mother and stepmother  in honor of thanksgiving, i want 2 give them a shout out  my life has been multifacted and they have shaped me to become the woman i am and i am still growing & learning   i thank god for them and i am still guided by them and i appreciate & love them  thanks p-team"
thinks that is time to unleash my worst movies list    in no specific order & don't get mad if some of these movies are your fav 1)people under the stairs 2)phone booth 3)sideways 4)30 <propmale> 5)lost in translation 6)assualt on precint 13 7)weekend@ bernies  smile crank 9)johnsons family dinner 10)baby boy
"is glad that i got to <propfemale> out with my friends   i had a great time, thanks for helping me enjoy myself immensely   i am excited that i got to meet <propmale> portis and the other random football dudes, i am a huge sports fan so it made my week  smile "
is thinking that is great to have the love of friends and family  some people are especially nice and comforting and i am grateful for you 
is thinking that i am ready for 2010 but still cherishing the days left in 09  let the games begin and i am ready!
"is glad i got to sleep in and relax but i don't understand why people went walking, or to the mall or driving   just be at peace and stay @ home, dang it!!  more of the same for me tomorrow, woo hoo!!!"
"is wondering if i can change the world with 22\ of snow and half the county closed     hmmm"""
"my weekly monday night debate until playoffs, for the love of <propfirst> j or football???"
"is bummed that i can't go running, there is too much snow and ice, this really sucks   i liked the snow at first, but work was closed and now i cant run, this is for the birds     c"
"is hoping that i get these grants and funding i am applying for   fb fam, please pray for me for much blessings, abundance, grace, mercy, favor and exceeding prosperity    i really need it!!!"
just wrote 20 things that i want to get rid of from 2009 and will pray over them and let them go by burining the piece of paper   i plan to let this negative stuff go so i can be new and fresh for 2010  i am ready for my increase!!! anyone want to join me?
"i feel like a caterpillar in a cocoon, next the reveal and then i - a powerful transformational butterfly who can fly as high as an eagle"
"needed a miracle 2happen 2day  prayed 4 a miracle all last wk   did my part & let go  2day god gave me a miracle & pulld me out of an impossible situation  all that was left was god & he came thru   man i screamed at the top of my lungs & thanked god 4 his grace, mercy, provision, will & exceeding abundance  meanwhile people in the cars next to me were thinkg i'm crazy   jesus is the 1  so what r u gonna ask god for?"
is on my way to be a world class christian     
is wondering what wonderful things will happen to me this week     waiting    waiting    waiting   
is hoping for the best and my breakthrough moment   i'll let you know when it happens 
is reading scriptures every night to help me with my purpose driven life   i am also thinking about what i am gonna do for the 40 days from ash wednesday to easter   my breakthrough days are ahead and i am getting ready for the harvest and vast abundance 
is finding out that rejection is just redirection    
"is thinking that this is payback for all the days from grade school, high school, college and working when i prayed for snow to cancel classess, school, work, etc    now i know god answers prayers but why was it all in a 2 week period  dang it!!!!"
"is wondering how i can manage to get by sunday without really thinking about it     not because i am upset, sad, happy, mad, joyous, etc    but because i love myself and god loves me     and that's enough"
"is wondering if we really need more snow tomorrow????? 5 inches, son??? wth"
"heard that \it has been said that we live in a world that knows the cost of everything but the value of nothing \"" the effectiveness of a believer is directly proportional to that believers values - so \""set your mind on things above not on things on the earth\"" (col 3:2)"""
"'s cellphone is down for 2 hours so my number isn't working  this sucks  i can't make calls or get messages, wth!!!"
"heard that \it has been said that we live in a world that knows the cost of everything but the value of nothing \"" the effectiveness of a believer is directly proportional to that believers values - so \""set your mind on things above not on things on the earth\"" (col 3:2)"""
"thinks this is crazy, schools are closed tomorrow, i am going to show up to someone else's job and work, ughhhh!"
"heard that \it has been said that we live in a world that knows the cost of everything but the value of nothing \"" the effectiveness of a believer is directly proportional to that believers values - so \""set your mind on things above not on things on the earth\"" (col 3:2)"""
"can't wait until march 14 when we get more sunlight, thanks president bush, it's the one thing you did do right my moving up the dst date  smile "
"happy march! this is a time of reflection & action  i realized that life is not about success or failure, its about being at ur weakest point & still having unsurmountable joy, knowing ur value & being the best person that u can be each & every 2nd  i learned that god's grace is sufficient for me & his strength is made perfect in my weakness   as <propfirst> stated when i am weak, then i am strong "
"pray for me  i know what god has for me is for me   pray that i get strength in the waiting   this week is going be warm, <propfemale>, joyous and life-changing  thanks god for the things you've already done!!! (which is everything)"
"knows that you have to set an example of how you treat yourself so other people can follow   respect, care, love, and honour    that's the level i am at and i e playful ect family, friends, sorors, colleagues, and acquaintances to follow   let today and everyday meet your e playful ectations!!!"
"says that life is a series of tests, trails and trusts  i want to make sure from now on that i succeed  my epiphany last week is that i am being moved forward in my life because its time to heal, recover and exceed abundantly  i have got to stand up, do something yet maintain balance so i and those around me can be the best we can be!!!"
realizes that some things weren't meant to be and i am okay with it   i just wish i would know it ahead of time*sigh*  i just have to let it be and wait for my turn and my opportunities   i will just use this time to get myself ready   smile 
"knows that his love made me whole, he paid my ransome, i never would have made it but now i am free!!! happy resurrection weekend!!!"
"is wondering how i am gonna put the things that have been going on last week and the things that i have to do this week into words  i just have to say watch out now and let the transformation begin  ooohhh i can't wait      i feel like i have been resurrected, which of course is a great thing   stay tuned!!"
"knows that life makes its une playful ected turns for une playful ected reasons and now i am gonna e playful ect the greatness, the awesome and une playful ected!!!!"
the greatness is coming!!!!
has activated operation purpose!!!
is grateful that god is with me in the fire 
"needs a publicist, agent and personal assistant, no really    "
"keeping in line w operation purpose-i need a millionaire 2 provide $100k 2 support my nonprofit youthpowerment that helps youth & their families,help me continue the great work i do & channel my purpose driven life my team & i will do the work it will help u create a positive image 4 yourself,make a difference & support the work of a dynamic woman "
"says that i had a fancy quote to say, even had a joke, then i was gonna say something uplifting, or its so <propfemale> and the weather is great or to god be the <propfemale> but nooooo    i am just sayin, hello!!!!"
"it's <propfemale>, it's raining, it's a t-storm, oh it's <propfemale> again   \\someone told me today that i give people a cadillac but they only want a hyundai   that's not good for me  ohhh, what to do now????"
"it must be hurricane season cuz i am in the eye of the storm   thanks for the prayers, well wishes and checking on me, i will hold my \hat\"" and keep the faith"""
"to make something special, you have to believe it's special  from kung fu panda, yea i work with kids    "
"i had a great weekend, a trip to ny, alumni track meet, family, old friends, white castles, a tour of the fulton street area, hot dogs with mustard & sauerkraut, running on brighton beach, reggae music, and my niece waking me up @ 8am with her report card and all the pictures she <propfirst> from the school year, oh & dinner at famous daves -does it really get any better?"
"went out side to get something from my car and realized i had sweat pouring out from everywhere  i was only out there for about 5 minutes  i don't usually sweat so it was a shocker since i was only walking and sitting  then when i got inside i realized it was 100+ degrees, no wonder "
is going on a missions trip to new orleans on saturday   please keep me and the 50 member mission team in your prayers  we will be building houses and spreading the great news about jesus!!
"i am back from my mission trip in new orleans and i had a blessed time   we were able to help more people than i could ever imagine and i am going to incorporate at least 1 trip a year to helping people and possibly everytime i go on vacation, i will help out somewhere for a few hours   check out my pics and post your questions or comments    "
"loves the weather and will go to the harbor to run near the water after 7pm of course   anyone interested in going? cricket, cricket    that was really a joke, lol"
"ok, i'm about to go running again, it actually feels nice outside"
"so i went to burke lake to run 4 7 <propmale> and it was pretty cool, i don't sweat much but today i did, i kept thinking bugs were on my so i spent most of my run trying to get the invisible spiderwebs and bugs off me   dang i hate sweat    or should i hate the heat????"
"what a wonderful 3 weeks i had   i am finally settled in from new orleans, back to the daily grind and making my life and those i reach better    wink "
"stay tuned for updated pics on the mlaw <propfemale> and i have a big announcement to make -- a sort of press conference  i had one in new orleans but figured i am due for another     i hope you all can wait, it'll only be 5 minutes and not an hour like lebron    the time, location, and date are tba"
"i am on god's highway, the \way of holiness\""- the joy of the redeemed (<propmale> 35)  i am not perfect but made perfect in my weakness through jesus christ (2 cor 12:9)  he is with me as i go and go i shall!!"""
can you maintain your committment to god despite severe trials?
"another great day,  1st the nul - youth luncheon 100 @ 100, then the dc black theatre festival - homineva, on my way home i was kinda tired blasting <propmale> <propmale> and i saw a minivan in the parking lot of the strip joint, come on son !! <propmale> problemo, and i know u guys, ya'll say - thats why i have a second car "
"this it! u can't mess w my mind anymore, this is it!! i am smarter, see i've been here be4,this is it! it's a new day, i'm not afraid anymore, this is it! yes i believe, if u believe, help me say   \all ur stuff from your past,shake it off y'all, they said u wouldn't last, but u is y'all, want ur dreams back?let's get it, ur peace of mind back?let's get it!! want ur family back?let's get it! are u ready?let's get it!"
"i made brown rice all natural and organic lasanga for dinner, it was groovy but i forgot to take a picture and no i haven't eaten it all already "
i don't look like what i have been through  praise jesus!!!
"do everything without complaining and arguing so that you may become blameless and pure    , in which you \shine like stars\"" in the universe  <propmale> 2: 14 -16"""
do you shine underwater as tempers grow short and at the end of a stressful day? or even with changes and under pressure? shine like the <propfemale> you are regardless of the day's harrassments so that people can see that you are genuinely and uniquely different!!!
what is your spirit animal? -- my result: tiger  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 488840 referrals status?aid=5743909
is thankful   
"give to the world the best you have, and the best will come back to you "
"if you are a poet and have any poems on gangs, send me a messge   "
"we are not responsible for our pain, but we are responsible for our healing "
"friends are hard to find, harder to keep, and impossible to forget "
"reflecting on how awesome god is and that his plan is already done, i am just working, waiting, faithing, and praying "
"one piece of good news so far, yeppie     more to come i can feel it   "
i read psalm 37: 1- 11 last nite and it helped me to put lots of things in perspective   thanks soror for suggesting it   wink 
"ok fb, i had 3 things come to fruition since monday   i am waiting on one more and 2 projects   i am more than on my way but please continue to pray for me  i think i'll read psalm 37 again   this is a great prelude for my impending birthday "
"best workout yesterday - intervals 15, 30,60 secs four times in the drizzle, it was very humid, sauna for 10 minutes then 1 hour massage   i feel pretty good now  imma <propfemale> out with my mom in <propfemale>, go to the <propfemale> meyer conference, attend a friends #<propfemale> hutchinson# cookout on saturday then run on coney island beach on sunday   don't hate on my just celebrate  wink "
"ohhhh, i had a une playful ected surpise   i will let you all know on monday      it's great news "
you are never free until you have nobody to impress and nothing to prove!!!
"when relationships get difficult and people get on your nerves, just stop pray and walk away  yea but it's the hardest thing to do but it's worth it "
"my health has gotten better & things have been changing 4 the better   i have been focusing & on my grind  in addition i have been reading the bible more, praying more & talking to god about my choices and decisions before i make them & as a result things have been great, now i am wondering y i haven't done this before    life is good!"
"so i am currently working at oxon hill high school as a long term special education teacher   i started monday, it is great and i bet i will enjoy the journey "
a man who has friends must himself be friendly  proverbs 18:24 - just been thinking about life and when people say they don't have something or if someone else isn't nice or whatever characteristic they are complaining about and i think well you are the nicest pen in the draw   interesting   
"it's been a great week but somewhere in there i thought tuesday was thursday, wednesday was tuesday, whew! the only thing i know for sure next week thursday is my birthday "
"don't go away summer, noooooo     "
"finally at a point in my life where i am putting myself first then taking care of others   it feels so much better mentally   what was i thinking?  i couldn't keep running on 'e' and giving myself crumbs   whew, i am so glad i got some sense now!!!"
"today was a rough day, i had minor difficulties & some disappointments  at 1 pt in  when 1 of my students was climbg the wall, playg w air conditioner, etc  & not doing work, i just laughed  despite the things that happened that were utterly frustrating & the ongoing life issues,  be4 the meltdown that never happened - i took out a piece of paper wrote down all i thought i had 2do &went through my list & calmed down "
"today is one of my favorite days of the year,  i am going to celebrate it with much joy   i want to thank my parents, siblings, friends, acquanitance, & people who don't like me for all the love, support, time, and energy that you have fed into my life   it has made me the person i am and i am grateful for every single minute i have been alive   i am going to enjoy my day at work, hanging out & the beautiful weather "
"i had a great bday, a student gave me all the change in his pocket as my bday gift (ya i took it don't want to block his or my blessings)  thanks to <propfemale> & tarnisha for club hoping - 4 clubs and letting me only drink water cuz i don't drink   disregard the picture that will be posted later   i had one of the best bdays ever      wink "
i voted yesterday!!!
after reflecting on my life after my birthday and seeing that i need more support in my blessings and receiving my rewards and crown of life    i joined fort foote baptist church today   life is great!!!! can't wait for my next steps     one step is going on the women's retreat to <propfemale> beach in october & i am on my way    
"question of the day: would you prefer $100,000 today or $1 million at an undefined time but within the year?"
"i don't do drugs, i don't smoke, i don't drink alcohol, i don't take medicine, i don't gamble, i eat 70-80% natural and organic foods, i love jesus - he's my bff, & i have a relationship with my lord & savior---\\i'm fancy, huh!!"
"it's thankful thursday and i am being prayful about my impending blessings, breakthroughs and exceeding abundance   i am gonna read 3 scriptures and concentrate on them from 7am - 8pm, then stay focused   join in if you want and let's get better 2 together   "
"yea, i am starting stuff on fb     anyone can have sex, but can you develop an intimate relationship with someone?????"
would you rather have no one or the wrong person in your life?
"everytime you lie to me, you lie to yourself "
"this season will be the fight of my life   i am at a point where my new self is wrestling wth my old self   i am fighting my negative memories, all the things that happened to me, all my injuries and ailments, & all of my sorrows   my goal is to keep waiting, keep fighting, keep struggling til i get to my shout!!"
"i am claiming it    three months to a healthier life, freedom from the things that block my shine , and cheers to being the new improved <propfemale> <propfemale> "
whoa <propfemale>!  getting geared up for thankful thursday's doing a <propmale> fast   i really need to make some bigger strides to get where i am going 
greatness comes when you win in the face of opposition!
friday+timeaway+sun+relax+beach+running+friends = priceless
"after paying for my order, i noticed a man in  wheelchair fumbling for his money  i was inspired to pay for his items   he said he had money but i already paid   the person that was pushing his wheelchair stated his wife just died   he was about 80 - 90 yo   i gave him a hug and felt really honored to have met him  i am not sure why this happened but i will one day "
listen to people when they tell you who they are  (by their words and actions)
"the truth is not always popular, but it's always right     "
"at women's retreat, they asked \who are you?\"" - it helps to know who you are to determine where you are going and how you are going to get there """
"if you are trying to reach me, i don't have my phone, one of my great students stole it on friday then dumped it somewhere in the school, all right before i went away to a conference in <propfemale>"
"at women's retreat, they asked \who are you?\"" - it helps to know who you are to determine where you are going and how you are going to get there """
"blah, blah, blah    "
injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere
"goodbye week, it was nice to know you, hello sleep!!!"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softly\in her ear  while you humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  while you make your woman cry, there's a man stealing her smiles  post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence!!!"
asking the right questions is a smarter strategy than showing up with all the answers 
"position yourself for victory - prepare, ask, wait & e playful ect!!!"
"fail, but don't be a failure!"
i better see more than 1000 people at my polling site   please let at least 50% of all precinents show up   it'll be a sad day if you don't go out and vote   do your part so the people in office can do theirs     hold them accountable to for their promises 
don't let your condition change your position!!!
"whew! it's already done, just waiting for my blessings to get here "
"is there a basketball game @ fedex field, i see 59 points on the scoreboard??? i'm jus sayin"
"faith is a powerful magnet, one that draws itself to the most incredible blessings!!!"
"plan, check! people, check! ideas, check! passion, check! hope, check!, faith, check! prayed up, check!!! \\i'm ready!!!!"
"i give myself away, so you can use me   <propfirst> mcdowell\enjoy your thanksgiving "
"it's nothing like following your path, your <propfemale> and living in the will of god "
"my co-worker said she was really tired and that she needed to find a man to replace her part-time job   that was really funny to me   not in a good or bad way, just plain ole funny    "
"my co-worker said she was really tired and that she needed to find a man to replace her part-time job  that was really funny to me  not in a good or bad way, just plain ole funny    "
"\man surrounds himself with the true image of himself\"""""
"the train is coming and it's out with the old in with the new   many changes in store, clear the tracks, prepare a table, be free and wait for the blessings   \\i think i hear it, choo choo!!!"
"the naacp is hosting an issues forum on the state of the education in <propmale> <propfirst>'s county and we would like you to attend  this roundtable discussion will take place on thursday, december 16 @ 7pm at the first baptist of highland park @ 6801 sheriff road, landover, md 20785"
truth is from the inside out  <propfemale> hill
"i am going to make these next steps the biggest ones yet so i can be so much closer to my <propfemale>, my purpose and my crown of life and so much further away from struggle, pain, hurt and dismay "
"it's nothing like listening to what your body tells you to do   if it's get up and go or stay in bed or go exercise    it works wonders on your psyche and mindset and keeps you healthy, stable and your life in order  (regardless of your circumstances)"
"dogs don't bark at parked cars \\i heard this on a tv show and thought it was intriguing "
"the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp) - <propmale> george’s county branch will host an issues forum on the state of education in <propmale> george’s county on december 16, 2010 at 7pm at the first baptist church of highland park, 6801 sheriff road, landover, md 20785 "
what snow???
some people prefer deception 
love yourself fearlessly    
"phase 1 complete, in the midst of phase 2   getting it done  smile "
"it's been a great ride gang and my new journey has already began   thank you for being patient with me and loving me unconditionally   i am looking forward to a great career in education, great friends and family and a new healthy me  and so it is     "
"hebrews 4:16 (new international version, ©2010)\16 let us then approach god’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need "
"i am wondering how great my life can get, it's pretty great now and i am appreciating every day and every blessing that god has given me  i constantly think of this song   "
being still and doing nothing are very different things - karate kid 2010
"i think i am addicted to praying   today was my wonderful wednesday where i pray every hour from 7am - 8pm and at one time, i was like oh i have to pray again and it was only 5 - 10 minutes after the hour   is it bad to be addicting to praying????"
"i have been inspired to believe in my <propfemale> and accept all that god have given me good and bad   i accept my success, my pain, my joys, my struggles, and now i am free to move around the world  i am claiming that in 2 weeks my life will have captured the essence of the love of god and his will on my life   ooooh, i am holding my hat and preparing for the journey "
you betcha!!!
"your passion, your purpose, and your vision all make your <propfemale>   it doesn't matter who is for you or aganist you   nothing can stop god's plan    "
one step away from victory!
"another wonderful wednesday of fasting, prayer, no processed sugar, and no music or tv   i went to the gym - worked out, lifted, then sauna for 30, & capped off with rice and peas, jerk chicken, and a salad with seseme <propfemale> dressing   what a great day!! oh and 50 degree weather and sun to boot   i love my new life!!!"
one more giant step tp victory!!!
hard work does pay off  wink 
"god is the strength in my weakness, he will get the victory and the battle is his  love is all we need"
"here we go! up, up and away!  it's on!!!"
"when the pain is over, the joy begins "
"when we know better, we do better "
preparing for my wonderful wednesday and first day of lent 
