debe7a302251d0c714a715a893f24cdb
never under estimate the power of love!!! god is love   
god is in control; and has true authority!!!
everyday is a day of thanksgiving!!! thank you lord!   surprise )
you never know when it's your time to go    but well all should realize we have to go    lord help me to be ready when you call   
"thanking god for saving me from myself    i am so glad god is who he is    and that he is the final judge becuz, people is a hot mess     "
it's important to me that i saved    it's important to me that i'm saved    it's important to me that my soul is set free; it's important to me that i'm saved!!! this song was on my heart! be blessed!   surprise )
going to bed with peace in my mind and joy down in my soul    thank you lord for another wonderful day!!! goodnight!   surprise )
needing some sleep    i'm going to call it a night and leave these teenagers in god's hand!
i'm going all the way with jesus no matter what the devil says   
god is soooooooooooo good!!! back to work and lovin' it!!!
it's just another day that the lord has kept me    
is feeling so grateful   
another day for jesus and i am soooooo glad    
thanking god for the ability to step back n' relax   
giving god the <propfemale> for the wonderful things that he has done    i am still feasting off of the state women's convention     it was the bomb!!!
is thanking the lord for all of his benefits      surprise )
livin' my life like it's <propfemale>!!! and thanking god all the way      surprise )
god is love      and it's so wonderful to feel the love    
lovin' just being me    it's a wonderful thing to be able to live life for yourself!
god is up to something    
"life is make you make it     i'm deciding to make mine \great\""      surprise )"""
"let the redeemed of the lord say so    \i am redeemed!!!\"""""
prayer is the key    faith unlocks the door    jesus will fix it everytime!
trying to take one day at a time     
off to <propmale> evans for mamma's birthday    
going to go enjoy me some <propmale> winans tonite @ <propmale> <propfemale>   
"needs the prayers of the rightous     i need the oooo, i need the!!! every hour i need the  oooo bless me now my savior, i come to the   "
is enjoying a day off     thank you lord!
"is feeling \blessed\""    too blessed to be stressed!!!"""
lovin being me    
missing memphis    mom called me this morning and they r already shouting in the prayer!!!
i'm finding out that sometimes all you got just don't seem to b enough    god pls help me find the strength to do what i hav to do   
learning to <propfemale> and depend on jesus     n lovin' it!!!   surprise )
getting ready for my favorite holiday    being thankful for all things!
there is nothing like lovin' god and he lovin' u back!!! awesome      surprise )
todays message was a very good one     <propmale>  7:12-13     we say this often but we really need to practice it more!!!
i'm not going to let haters and negative people turn me around    god has and is tooooo good to me! lord help me to overlook and be patient    patient= ability to wait with a good attitude!   surprise )
u live and u learn     but u have to live to learn!!!
sometimes what you see is not what you get    know the difference between what a person say and what they do    there is a difference!
finna go ova sis  collins n thro dwn on some good food! yes!!!
soooo glad 2 b home      surprise )
"good morning fb    it' my favorite time of the week; \church time\""!!! let's start the year right   god bless u!"""
is going to pick up the kids    u gotta lov it!
church tonite was awesome!!!
trying to take it one day at a time    
going 2 bed   
missing my mom    
sleep    goodnite!!!
prayer is the key    faith unlocks the door    jesus will fix it for me       surprise )
"thank god for snow blowers     yes, yes, yes    let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!"
"is praying for leading and guidance today    i need thee yes lord, i need thee, every hour of the day all along the way i need thee     lord help me, right now i pray, i come to thee, i come to thee     i come to thee "
has big plans for the weekend   
goodmorning jesus   
"one thing i ask of the lord, this is what i seek: that i may dwell in the house of the lord all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the lord and to seek him in his <propfemale>  psalm 27:4"
"thanks <propfemale>    this is soooo true    life is too short to wake up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  pray for the one's who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it  post to your wall if you agree"
"love is to be vulnerable  love is the opening of the heart, the welcoming of your beloved  loving is not secure, authentic loving is risky  security lies behind the walls of a closed heart  you either invite the union by opening in love, or you secure the isolation by closing down    thanks <propfemale>!   surprise )"
"we all know that god is love, but i want to know what is unconditional love to you my fb fam   "
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3  talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: beautiful   17: cute
is feeling like a  million bucks      ;o)
reminds us 2 never let the abundance of the gift cause u to 4get the giver    thank u god  all of ur wonderful gifts 2 me!!!
"is letting god's word fill my memory, rule my heart, and guide my steps    thank u lord!"
"had a very busy day 2day    n scheduled 2 have another 2morrow    but thanking god the whole way    he knows how to comfort my heart, mind, n complete soul   "
"(singing) god has shine on me, he has set me free    god has shine on me, he's been good 2 me    "
i have the best grandmother in the world    got a <propmale> 2 <propfemale> out with her all day 2day    what a wonderful day!
"just got home from work    gonna take a bubble bath, and then pure relaxation is the plan    kick my feet up, watch some movies    yes it's on    a girl gonna get her rest 2nite    u can believe that!"
"is wondering why people don't understand that lip service is not helpful    if u want 2 help volunteer actually to pitch in a helpful hand to help, or a dollar or two     surprise )"
o' give thanks unto the lord for his mercy endureth to all generations    there is something about the mercy and grace of god     notthing like it!   surprise )
"lord, teach me to be humble  may my <propfemale> be that you be known, honored, loved, and exalted in every thought and action; above myself  amen  he must increase, but i must decrease  -<propfirst> 3 smile 0"
is asking my fb fam can broken trust really be repaired? e playful lain 
"is wondering why, why, why    "
"is (singing) u just leave me alone, leave me alone, leave me alone, leave me alone   "
"brethren, i count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing i do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,  i press toward the <propfirst> for the prize of the high calling of god in christ jesus  philippians 3:13-15"
go state     just beat tn      surprise )
"remember, only what we do for christ will last    1 corinthians 15:58 (<propmale> <propfirst> version)  therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of the lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the lord "
"this was a wonderful weekend    went out with my girls yesterday, had a wonderful time @ church 2day    even had time 2 spend w  a very special friend yesterday evening    god is good    goodnite fb!"
2day a busy day    ladies don't 4 get my house @ 6pm for the partylite party    refreshments will b served    all r invited    
party has been cancelled     
is thanking god for a friend when u need um and some summer like weather    lord only knows how bad i needed both     yes!!!
don't kno how 2 bowl but since i got the invite    here goes notthing   surprise )
"don't take my meekness 4 weakness    i see some people got it twisted, n r a little confused!"
"{singing} i love u jesus    i worship  and adore you    just want to tell you, lord i love u more than anything       surprise )"
"sending a wish to all the blessed women out there who god has shine his divine favor of life on us allowing us to be \mother's\""    may you continue to be blessed and the fruit of your womb be blessed on this day and everyday to come    happy mother's day!"""
"i don't have to <propmale> a dressed up lie, i just stick with the naked truth     n u can believe that!"
is thanking god 4 jettubs     n some me time b4 bible study! yes!!!
bible study was sooooo good    and very much on time for me    now time for bed    busy day 2morrow    nitety nite  surprise )
is ready to go on vacation    just a few more weeks    surprise )
"prayer alert!!! for audrin <propmale>, hold the family up in prayer 2day  her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if u see this post, even if u don't know her, god knows   please post this as ur status for 1 hour & say a prayer for this little girl (please!) & god bless u for doing it! (how could any mom not repost?) pray for this child, please!!"
is thinking about going to do her new found hobby     bowling after church 2nite      surprise )
"very good relaxing day    went out with the kids to see <propfirst> hood, long movie but very good    time 2 go nitie nite    see u fb friends & family 2morrow at church!!!   surprise )"
god is soooo good 2 me     i love him      surprise )
goodmorning jesus      surprise )
"\    is learning not to steer the ship so much that you break the wheel\"" \",debe7a302251d0c714a715a893f24cdb,"opportunities are like sunrises    if you wait too long, you will miss them  ~william <propfirst> ward\\don't miss your sunrise     "
"realizes that yesterday is gone and will never come again, but \thank god    i have today!\"""""
good morning fb    i m on my way to la    n blessings r already coming forward    systems down for my airline so no baggage cost      that's $45    thank you jesus!!!    surprise )
"okay    just came back from the musical     it was the best i've been to, <propfemale> clark-sheard was very good, gotta get her new cd, <propfemale> winans was off the chain    gotta get her new one too, she was so funny  surprise ), the <propmale> brothers very, very good had a ball    gotta go 2 sleep busy day 2morrow    lov 2 u all!!!"
"is really, really missing my children    i love them soooo much!!! they r very much my inspiration for life   "
"okay     had a wonderful time n la but ready 2 go    home!!!  yes, yes, yes   "
made it home    thank u lord    now off to sunday service      surprise )
is not feeling good this morning     i think i may go back 2 bed     surprise (
it is district meeting time    so off i go     n pray my strength n the lord!   surprise )
"had a wonderful day @ ypsi's women conference     my mind, soul and spirit was blessed    sisterhood among the saints is priceless~"
working 2day    wish i could b n church    but over all i m blessed!!! so all of u that r n church 2day say a prayer 4 me    lov ya fb!
"realizes that you can give without loving, but u cannot love without giving   "
is asking    wat have u done  4 me lately???
just showed my children who the boss really is    mama beat them like they stole something in scrabble      surprise )  just havin' some fun with the kido's   
"happiness is a choice not a response    so i'm choosing to be happy! thank you lord for wisdom, becuz it all comes from you        smile      smile      smile "
there is no regrets    just very good lessons    thanks <propfirst>'     this fits my life sooo well rite now; so just keep prayin 4 a sista       surprise )
had so much fun 2day    words can't e playful ress how tired i m now    but wanna thank the fam for a bar-b-q out of this world     noone does it better than my uncle <propfirst> & aunt <propfemale>     on the real      surprise )
"is not sweating the small stuff    but movin on in the name above all names    \jesus\""!!!"""
"singing~ i love u jesus, i worship n adore u, just want 2 tell u, lord i love u more than anything   "
"i will bless the lord at all times: his praise shall continually be in my mouth   2my soul shall make her boast in the lord: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad   3o magnify the lord with me, and let us exalt his name together   4i sought the lord, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears \psalm 34:1-4"
"i'm a survior, i'm not gon giv up, i'm not gon stop, i'm gon work harder, i'm a survior, i'm gon to make it, i'm a survior gon keep on survivin'      thanks beyonce'"
wat happens 2 teenagers that make them think they can even possibly outsmart there parents   
"i am a very blessed woman     all praises be to god    \\\for thy maker is thine husband; the lord of hosts is his name; and thy redeemer the holy one of <propmale>; the god of the whole earth shall he be called \"" <propmale> 54:5"""
"(singing) vbs vacation bible school, vbs vacation bible school, vbs vacation bible school, halluah, hallauah, amen! come join me at the <propfirst> <propfemale>  cogic, 3100 hess st  saginaw, mi 9am-12 noon all this week      surprise )"
coming hm from district mtg  had a wonderful time!!! thank u jesus   
play practice    here i come     yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!
back home from play practice    this play is gon b off the hook    if u miss it u will truly miss a treat!!! i m so excited! well nitie-nite    
"busy, busy, busy day but a gurl gotta do wat a gurl gotta do!!!   surprise )"
"[singing]    jesus will work it out    if u let him, jesus will work it out      surprise )"
"can u say vacation      yes, yes, yes!!!!!  ;o)"
god is so good   n all the time!!! <propfirst> is home and resting well    thanks 4 everyone's prayers   
god is my everything     i love me some him       surprise )
i just want 2 thank god 4 my family n friends    had a wonderful weekend    ready for bed; gotta b ready for sunday school    nite-nite fb     ;o)
"aacchoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bullcrap, drama, head games, liars, & fake people keep this sneeze going!!"
please pray for my <propmale>   
"i jus love it when he work's on the saints behalf    god is good all the time, and all the time good is god!!! keep praying saints!!!"
still trusting god to work everything out   
missing my <propfirst>      surprise (
"is learning to:  love all, trust few, do wrong to none    help me lord!!!"
ok my foot hurt    wat's next???
i need a gooooood foot rub   
"i just lov it when an old friend com 2 comfort u through hard times    thank u lord for comfort through old friends    dinner was \great!!!\"" 2day! thanks \""friend\""      surprise )"""
takin it 1 day at a time     surprise )
feelin' stronger day by day     surprise )
"is thinking    i can't tolerate not another fake person my life or i m gon scream!!! literally     so if ur fake, n jus want 2 c wat u can get or wat i can do 4 u; pls go away!!!!"
if i offended someone wit my last post i apoligize    i jus need ppl 2 understand that i m human too    god is good 2 me n has blessed me beyond measure! n i realize that the devil hate me for that    but regardless of wat the test i still have joy!!!
wow    my baby gurl quale has climbed n the bed wit me n we jus talkin n hangin out     i'm lovin it!!! nitie-nite fb   surprise )
talked wit my bestie 2day n i just love the way we understand each other    thanks tiff   
morning manna is the best!!! thank u jesus!!!
crawfish boil here i come    yes!!!
full of crab legs n crawfish   yum yum!
"16 years ago god shined on me n blessed me with the most beautiful little baby girl i had ever seen    on 2day he has continued to bless through all the bottle feedings, dirty diapers, potty training, 1st day of school, n now challenging teenage years    after all our ups & downs my baby girl is a sweet, sweet 16    thank you lord!!! happy birthday quale, love mommy!  surprise )"
is learning; if you stay in the dark long enough u will notice the stars     tonite i am grateful 4 the dark and quite moments in my life    it is helping me 2 notice there r many stars too!!   surprise )
love is a wonderful thing     nitie-nite        surprise )
loving my life      surprise )
this by far has 2 b the best state womens convention ever    we had church!   surprise )
praying much 4 the <propfemale> <propmale> family   
"this bed feel soooo good, i think i'll just sleep alittle longer   "
"#~%@^%%^&;\  surprise []  !!!!"""
gotta feeling that everythings gon b alright      surprise )
is n need of a miricle right about now      smile 
"is thanking god for \you\"" (saints) & all of his blessings    he did it again!!! rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;      romans 12:11"""
"church was wonderful 2day     god really came in n blessed my heart, soul, n body! thank you jesus!!!!!    surprise )"
it is loving n giving that makes life worth living   
you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends will say  (if you make a comment you have to post this as your status  fair is fair )
saint's need 2 stop talking about ppl so much on fb n start praying on fb    if u c something on fb that's not rite don't just jump on the phone n start being a busy body  get on ur knees n call him (jesus) up!!! n i kno i m right!!!
laying on my face n prayer 4 my friends 2nite!
is still praying    i love the lord    he heard my cry    n answered as only he can! thank u lord!!!
"2day <propmale> out wit moms & my big sister came home    i lov these 2 ladies soooo much!!! thank u god 4 giving me da \best!!!\"""""
"is \thanking\"" the lord right now for removing the weight off of my back   """
want it be wonderful    when i get over there    i can hear the joy bells ringing     rest in heaven aunt celcia     surprise )
off 2 bible study     one of my favorite things 2 do is study the bible! c u later fb  surprise )
bible study was off the hook 2nite     what defiles a man    what's n his heart! nitie-nite fb!!!
goodmorning fb    gotta cold so i will b resting 2day     surprise (
i like it in the front seat of the car      surprise )
is saying good morning jesus     surprise )
"yes     my favorite day of the week     sunday school here i come   just love me some \sunday school  love    love    love    love "
we had some c-h-u-r-c-h on 2day    u can believe dat!!! nitee-nite fb!
has the best family in the whole wide world    thanks god u always do ur job sooooo well    nitee-nite fb!!!
sister's r the best    i never realized jus how much i miss mine    she's here 4 a few more days n i m goin 2 enjoy every minute   surprise )   love    love    love 
went 2 c my niece @ <propfirst> hill h s court    she was so beautiful! definately the <propfemale>!!!
realizes after all is said and done    there is always the love of god      surprise ) awesome!!!
is getting some rest 2day    even god rested on the 7th day! lord help me   
is getting some needed rest 2day     even god rested on the 7th day! lord help me   
is loving some time off work    i love being at home!!! yes!
missing my sister    it was so great just having her around    i lov u statha    goodnight fb!!!
got 2 <propfemale> out wit my great nephew 2day (<propfirst>)    he is a blast! n 2 think i get 2 do it all over again 2morrow    wow i'm blessed!!!  surprise )
went 2 the corn maze with the youth @ <propfirst> <propfemale>    had a ball    i just  love  those kids     smile 
"{singing} jesus never fails, heaven n earth shall pass away, but jesus never fails     surprise )"
is @ the state music conference n having a ball!  wink  2nite was the bomb   smile 
good morning fb    having breakfast wit my daughter  smile  lovin' every minute of some us time     love 
the music conference was absolutely a-w-e-s-o-m-e!!! can't wait 4 next years!  smile 
had a wonderful day    now ready 2 get some sleep! yes  smile 
is going 2 take some time 4 me 2day    bump these teenage kids 4real! lol     surprise )
had a wonderful day! now time 2 go nitee-nite fb     wink 
good moring fb off to prayer    then to vote    have a blessed day!   surprise )
{singing} god is a right now god he never fails you if u trust in him   
god is in control!!!
"{singing} jesus is my help, jesus is my help, my help! i tell u where my help cometh    it cometh from the lord!"
is going 2 spend a relaxing day wit the kids    gotta lov um!  wink 
at the movies wit my 2 favorite ppl quale & adam  got 2 lov um!!!  wink 
had such a great day with the kids    now we gettin ready 4 sunday school     goodnite fb  love  ya!
"i woke up this morning with a mind, stayed on jesus    halaluh, halaluh, halaluh      love "
good morning jesus     surprise )
ok fb wats the deal    i lft my 16yr old n 14yr old n the car 2 run n to sams 2 pay my <propmale> why both of them sho's up n the store tlkin bout the other 1 lock the keys n the car  now who butt do i beat @ this point    i feel like a double hitter is n order! lol!!!
st  <propfirst> here i come      surprise )
i have had a wonderful time n st  <propfirst> but ready 2 come home miss my 2 babies    <propfirst> & ponyo!!!   surprise )
home sweet home     surprise )
happy birthday to me     god is so good all the time!!! thanking him for this opportunity to be another year older and wiser     surprise )
i want 2 thank everyone 4 the birthday wishes   
feeling better      surprise )
"i m grateful 4 my health & strength, clothed and in my right mind!!! god is good  nitie-nite fb     smile "
is letting go and letting god      surprise )
"day did not go like i had plan    but i am still \thankful\""    tommorow is another day! goodnite fb   """
sometimes i wonder about me    seems like the harder i try the harder it gets!
is realizing life is soooo short    i just want 2 b ready when calls my name!
is   smile )    
had a wonderful day! thank u jesus     he makes all the difference***  ;o)
"is just being \grateful\""    n letting him (jesus) take care of the rest!"""
"happy birthday 2 my baby \adam\""    mommie loves u!!!"""
"is having a day of relaxing    let it rain, let it rain, let it rain     laugh "
going 2 bible study my favorite!!!
"is thanking god 4 a good, relaxing day!!! only he cld give me rest   laugh "
is going 2 watch me some survivor n call it a nite   
the bible is right!
fell asleep b4 i knew it last nite n got good rest! feeling alittle churhie this morning  thank u jesus  smile )
church was sooooo good 2day; i can bearly wait 4 tonite!
finna go 2 my son's basketball game    it's just a blessing 2 c where the lord has brought him from!  smile )
"woke up this morning with a mind, stayed on jesus    thank you lord!"
god is blessing me to be a great auntie 2nite    n spend some quality time just lovin him up    aunt tee-tee love u     love    love    love 
hello fb finna have a wonderful saturday    thank u jesus!
had a wonderful long day    everyday with jesus everyday get sweeter n sweeter!
beautiful snow    god is awesome!
"can't nobody do me like jesus, can't nobody do me like the lord, he's my friend! great day    great day     surprise )"
great god ** great day!
"not feeling 2 good this morning i think i caught my sons stomach virus, <propfemale>!  sad "
my name is victory!!!
"(singing) i feel, i feel, i feel alright     every since i've given up sin    hallauah been born again, hallauah been born again!  smile "
i love children    but teenagers suck 4real    
on my way 2 a play    gonna have a good time!
play was good but not as good as when we did it    had a wonderful time hanging wit my peeps!
it is definately time 4 some sleep!!! big day 2morrow!
long day    good day    i love sunday's!!!
is @ the shs band concert! i love band!
"my uncle <propfirst>'s beets are the best 4real     had them with steak, hashed potato's n onions, washed down with <propfemale> coke    um um good      surprise )"
just about time 4 bible study    i can hardly wait!!! i love bible study   smile 
lovin' the beautiful snow   
god is good!
"singing * jesus, jesus oooo wat a wonderful child, new life, new hope to all he brings, won't u listen to the angles sing <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> to the new born <propmale>!  smile )"
had a wonderful christmas with my friends & family! jesus is truely the reason for the season n my world    thank u jesus!
sitting here watching a movie    enjoying!
good morning fb    it's sunday    my favorite time of the week; church time!!!
church was off the hook    god is soooo good!
ok strawberry twizzlers 4 breakfast    i refuse 2 buy this e playful ensive stuff @ the airport
"**singng** i know some how i know some way we gonna make it    with jesus on our side, things will workout right; we're gonna make it!"
"on this morning, my hero rec'vd her wings    & even through i will miss her very much; i know that she is where i m striving 2 b  in the comfort company of our lord & savior jesus christ! rih <propmale>     surprise )"
tomorrow is a big day 4 my family    lord please give us strength!
god's grace is sufficient   
is missing my dog ponyo   crying 
"one day at a time sweet jesus, that's all i'm asking of you  lord for my sake help me to take 1 day at a time   "
god has been good to me; i won't complain     smile )
i think i'll just take a power nap!  smile )
2day turned out 2 b very good    i really love my children; even though this teenage stage is challenging    gotta love um!  surprise ))
wants more sleep   
ok is getting up n on with it! this is the day that the lord has made; i will rejoice n b glad in it!!!  laugh 
i just love it when a good day comes 2gether!  laugh 
thanking god for the victory!!!
"(singing) i got the victory, i got the victory     victory, the victory   "
is soooo grateful!  laugh 
is having such a good day!
realizes & is grateful to know that i really do have a few very good friends    thank u lord for friends on earth!  laugh 
praying that god give me some direction; big changes coming in 2011!  surprise )
is accepting what god allows; it's better anyway!
lovin me some me! now that's what's up!   surprise )
depending on jesus!
going 2 support my baby <propfirst> @ his basketball game!
love is a wonderful thing   
is really wondering is it better 2 b the rabbit or the tortoise?
is thanking god for the courage to do what i need to do!
i have the new blackberry flip n this is my 1st time having a blackberry phone; do they all get stuck a lot? i m so tired of this phone sticking  ughhh!
excited about my journey tomorrow!!! pray for me 
i just love tn    
my phone is down so i will not b available 4 a lil' bit! ttyl fb
"missing my babies: quale, <propfirst> & ponyo   "
"is believing that for every problem, god will provide a solution  ~robert schuller"
is doing me    preparing for <propmale> change in my life!  =o)
"is truly glad that i know,\god is in control!\"""""
rise & shine give god the <propfemale> in my life!
is giving god all the <propfemale> for it belongs to him (jesus)!
"sis  collins know she can cook! fried catfish, coleslaw & lemonade    yum, yum!"
god is soooo good to me     he always do for me what noone else can! thank u lord!!!
i can't wait to the battle is over    i got to shout rite now!!!
"knows prayer is the key, faith unlocks the door; jesus will fix it for you!"
"god is just a prayer away     i know he'll hear me when i pray, notthings to hard for god, there's no problem god can't solve, i know that my god is a right-now god!"
had a ball with the kiddo's @ snowfest 2011!!!
i really thank god for my true friends    u all r truly priceless!!!
just want to get it over with   
is definitely a contender & not a pretender    u can believe that!
enjoying this beautiful snow day    
is up enjoying some time with jesus    there's nothing like it!!!  =o)
ok cabin fever is beginning to set in =x\\
nite-night fb    beauty rest is priceless!
"singing i feel good, good, good, i feel good down in my soul  every time i think about jesus i feel good! good morning fb      laugh "
"finna go get my praise on at friday nite worship service      yeah, yeah  surprise )"
"is saying to myself, wow next week this time i will be moved     surprise )"
is definitely in love with jesus   
uppp u betta ask     go cuz mvp gj#85
is trying 2 get it 2gether; lord please help!!!
is thanking god for courage   
3 more days till the big move     yes!
2 more days      laugh 
"has so much to do with so little time    jesus i love you, more & more!"
"oooo lord i'm soooo tired of packing, please give me the strength to finish in time "
made it to her new home safely & extremely grateful for all god has done! to him be the <propfemale>!!!
1st day @new church; shouted my heals off!!! i'm sooooo glad that i serve a god who can b every place @ once!
god is love!
knows who i am & whose i am & feeling good about it!!!
"has not felt this free, relaxed, prepared, and completely all around blessed in a loooooonnnnnggggg time  i feel a \thank you jesus   \"" in my soul!!!  laugh """
had dinner 2nite with lil' sis & bro; it's awesome being big sis!   laugh 
"singing~ what a beautiful morning, what a beautiful day      laugh "
is loving being with my lil' sister & brother    quale & <propfirst>! we havin' a ball  laugh 
just want to thank u (lord) for let
just want to thank u (lord) for letting me b myself again!
so proud of my baby girl    2nite baby lead n tore up i'm not tired yet! i never thought i wld c the day! thank you lord!!!  smile )
"it's my favorite day of the week~ \sunday!\"" and i'm ready to give god the <propfemale> 4 what he has done!!!  laugh """
is resting 2day   
loving this 65-70 degree weather    nomore snow in days 4 me!   laugh 
"god is soooo good 2 me, i m still smh!  laugh "
good morning fb    its another beautiful day in tn     up thanking god for another day! all  smile )'s
is sooooo glad there is no failure in god he's wonderful!!!
"had a good, productive day! blessed sleep!  surprise )"
great is thy faithfulness o' lord! every morning new mercy i receive  all that i've needed he has supplied it; great is thy faithfulness 
off to district meeting! yes   
district meeting was the bomb! lord i love u!!!
knows a place is beautiful when it can rain n u still can feel the sunshine through the rain!!!  surprise ) what a beautiful morning!!!
"it's raining outside, but i have sunshine in my heart!!!  smile )"
is missing my mom!
godliness with contentment is great gain     surprise )
"singing: s-u-n-d-a-y s-c-h- double o-l, sunday school, let's go 2 sunday school!"
2 great church services in 1 day= priceless
u don't know like i know what god has done for me! <propfemale>!!! thank ya god   
is giving god all the <propfemale> & all the praise! he wants & deserves it all!
is moving up & on and loving it!!!
love is a wonderful thing!!!
don't give up on love    drop the loser!
realizes that some ppl r meant to b viewed in ur rear view mirror only!
loved bible study 2nite!!!
"is singing~ i feel, i feel alright    every since i've given up sin, hallaluah been born again, hallaluah been born again!"
dinner @ o'charley's     life is great!!!
me time = priceless!
"everytime i feel the spirit, moving in my heart i will pray    just excited about being me!!!"
words cannot e playful lain how much i just love my new home    thank you jesus!
god is just simply = amazing!!!
prayer wheel is turning   
god is an awe- n- then some god!!! he is worthy of every praise!!!
missing sw#4 women's day! & all the drama that come's with it!!! lol     laugh 
was trying to watch a 3d movie with my son & boyee my head started feeling like someone was squeezing it from the back  had to come out of there   
"had another blessed day! i think i can get use to all these wonderful days! i feel like i'm on, \it's a wonderful life\"" or something!"""
lost one of my best pastors ever    r i h bishop owens   
@ my son's orientation for high school    wow how time has past! next year both children in h s  yeah!!!   laugh 
"realizes that happiness is a choice    and i am choosing 2b \happy\""!!! = )"""
singing~ if ur happy n u kno it then ur face will surely sho it if u happy n u kno it clap ur hands     laugh 
"realizes     i am happy rather ppl r cruel, rude, ugly, pretty, whateva    happiness comes from within not from without!!! u can believe that!!!"
had a wonderful day     time to get some zzzzzzz's  good nite!!!
gonna treat myself 2 some red lobster    yes!!!
ponyo did well & is resting!!! thank you lord!  =od
is soooo grateful for the best gift my brother ever gave me= ponyo! talking bout unconditional love     ponyo is just a bundle of love!!!
love isn't love until u give it away    so give love away 2day!!!
being able to build a solid relationship with my dad after 30+ years = priceless!  laugh 
life is soooo short; rih miss'y n  walters  you will be missed much     crying 
medicine please hurry up n kick in b4 my nose fall off     smile (
"had a wonderful choir rehearsal 2nite, boyee i love those ppl!!!"
ok     yall know how i do it!!! it's my favorite time of the week    church time!!!  laugh 
had a wonderful off the chain sunday    + our revival started 2nite! can't wait til 2morrow nite!!!  laugh 
"really, really, really miss my mom! i would pay cash money just 2 c her for a day! lord please help me     crying "
living & loving my life!!! just want to thank the lord for letting me be myself again   
god is soooooo wonderful!
having fun @ gospel skate    whoa!!!
is just watching god work it all out for my good!!!
i have the best baby brother ever!!! loving my champ!
is standing we all else fail!
is standing when all else fail!
"is soooo glad my dad, my sis steph & brother champ will be home 2morrow! i miss them so much!!!  laugh "
(singing) ain't got time for no confusion since i laid my burdens down    old preacher busted out with this line last week at the revival; have to use this one! lol!!!
"up & at em this morning    walked the dog and to hear the morning <propfemale> of the birds chirping,and feel the crisp winderful morning air is just a blessing!!!"
it's such an awesome morning!!!
"it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! just thanking god for all his blessing, there is no secret in what god can do      =o)"
"is wondering why ppl always trying to tell me how to do something, or lead me somewhere and they're in worst shape than me or they won't even attempt to go where i've been? stop faking & hiding behind ur so called prestigious friends & get urself 2gether 4real! i'm just saying! stop it!!!"
is having a great morning!
goodmorning fb    ponyo and i have had our morning walk and we're blessing the lord for another beautiful morning here in the great mountains    kids r runing late but all is well! love you fb'ers    laugh 
"it' just another day, that the lord has kept me!"
realizes happiness is a state of mind!
is listening to my daughter help my son do his homework    n loving it!
is trusting in the lord with all my heart!!!
inspired   
using 1 word describe urself   
there is nothing like a great daddy!
our state women's conference was the bomb    <propfirst> wright was off the chain last night!
came home from our state women's convention and slept for hours    now i need to go to sleep so i can get up early n the morning 4 sunday school & wide awake! hate when i do this!!! smh  surprise \\
church was off the chart 2day    love my church & my church family!!!  ya'll awesome!!!
"not wasting time worrying    just being happy! \for the joy of the lord is my strength!\"""""
good morning jesus  laugh 
i am blessed!
district meeting was the bomb!!!
"resting in the lord, it's soooo wonderful!"
"knows that i have the babies ever    quale, <propfirst> & ponyo!  laugh "
singing ~ my momma comin    my momma comin     laugh  yeahhhh!!!
good moring fb    it's a wonderful life!!!   laugh  time to walk the dog!!!
"church was awesome! momma here too, yes we had a time n a half!"
momma's sweet potato pie is the best ever!!!  laugh 
there is noone like him (jesus)!!!
