d761df9c74a4e56ffa0dbf4dac7a50b8
"no more 20 hour road trips for me, thank you "
sucks at waitressing  sad 
nvm   better waitress than cashier  playful 
"dude, if another customer tries to hit on me, he better tip more than a dollar u u"
vietnamese coffee is like crack 
"every time a customer calls me sweetheart, i want to punch them in their face "
love it when things just fall into place  smile 
will be home on tuesday!  laugh  (if all goes according to plan)
is home!
less than 24 hours   
got to tokyo safely!
??? ? ???‘? ???? ???????? ????????? ?? ????? ???? 5 ??? ?? ????????
"no internet for awhile, ill post pics eventually! miss everybody!  love "
finally has internet at the dorm and doesn't have to use her neighbor's sucky wifi    
wishes she were aprox  3in taller so that she wouldn't have to stand on her tiptoes to see the stage at a live performance  sad 
wants to kick herself 
went shopping & spent too much money  that was smart 
would kill for some viet coffee 
can't sleep  stupid typhoon 
thank goodness i decided to smuggle in that box of nyquil    
ummm   i think i just e playful erienced my first earthquake @ @
<propfemale> christmas!  love  xoxo
"happy new year everybody! here's to health, happiness, & no regrets  love "
white
today i met a forty-something-year-old hostess interviewing for a job at a english cafe  she then tried to offer me a job at her bar in roppongi  wow 
will be on plane back to the us in a few hours   
"i'm baaaaaaaaack! i have my old number, but no one else's <propfirst>  playful "
thanks everybody!  love  you guys  smile 
"today i saw a crow sneak up on two girls like a ninja and steal a bag of food, no joke \\i told you they were evil!!!"
i am a graceful ballerina :b
ha! looks like i'll be making it to 1st period after all   
"facebook has not been helpful in finishing this essay, but this half litre of coffee might be   "
"woot! done  smile \\i just hope that it won't be horrible when i read it again tomorrow after the caffeine wares off  laugh "
despicable me isn't out in japan yet  crying 
"will be home on the 3rd, broke and jetlagged  laugh "
is hoooooommmmeeeeeee! (and definitely jetlagged)
happy thanksgiving everybody!  love 
"<propfemale> christmas, joyeux noël, gleðileg jól, ????????, buon natale, ??? ?????, & feliz navidad!  love "
i was accepted for my field placement!!!! yesssssssss!!!
worried for everyone in japan and the pacific  hope everyone and your loved ones are safe    ?????????~
thanks for all the birthday wishes! love you all! xoxo
wonders what she's gotten herself into this time    
