43e8ec08fdfaef5f24aa9fce9803b0d0
"i have to say that my fiance has the most amazing children and i want to thank each one of them for all they have done for their father and in preparing for my arrival  you do not know how much this means to both of us  i told my man that is a testiment to him being a good father, that his children just step up and help out and it shows either"
"cont   1) how much they love him, or 2) how glad they are to have someone else worry about him for a change  smile   in either case,  thanks you guys so much for you guys' support, and i cannot wait to get to know all of you   your dad's <propfemale> p s  any suggestions on what 4 y o  boys like, which charachters, what kind of toys   ? hugs and kisses for you all!!!"
"<propfirst>, my emaili donna matteoli@goldrush com <propfirst> hoped you would call back so he could comiserate wtih you man style!"
"i hpe my long e-mail just got to ya  will be back on thurs and call ya then, thiknkin about ya love, d "
"amanda: hello, dtr neska darling  love, yo mama xxxooo"
"<propfirst> higashi--desperately seeking <propfirst>----higashi!!! plz call as i lost your number, seriously need to make contact w <propfirst> higashi!!! d "
happy fourth of july <propfemale> and everyone else!!! my second favorite holiday next to halloween; we should all have a safe blast and boom!!!
pic of your dress plz dtr <propfemale> love yo mama
i found my mind when i learned i had to share these in order for everyone to see them  donnuh
"p s  the honeymoon status just cost us a day  we thought it was saturday, yesterday was friday, so we lost the real friday  aww, wedded bliss!"
"love you too, baby  <propfemale> says kiss kiss!"
hey my repub <propmale>! how about the daily show for e playful anding your mind into truth  i know --journalism is crap--the truth is in the theatre   peter finch network senora djm
"yeah, giants!!!! go giants!!!! yeah!!! world series winners 1st since 1954!!!"
"aww, dyann, too, too cute! looks like everyone had a happy halloween!"
"help fellow facebookeres! how do i get junk like be naughty which i did not sign up for, off my side bar  it will not allow me to unsubscribe  help!!! i am a newlywed, does not look good, ya know!!!"
"neska: thank you daughter for fixing my sidebar and those stupid linked things  love, yo aman"
"<propfemale>, i just saw this  i hate online  call me manana  my hubby has to go to va appt in bay area  callme when ya get out of school, okay? 831-649-1643 love, <propfemale>"
what mind???
mind what?
what mind???
south head south and west
"happy thanksgiving and much to be thankful for this year and every year! love, peace, plentiful ambrosia, happy turkey day!!!"
" playful *okay, okay, so the oven smoked out the house, but it was just prior liquid? burning on the bottom of the oven and the turkey was delicious thanks to the cooking bag and even the house is hardly smokey anymore  happy thanksgiving!!!"
out of my mind decorating the house with christmas!!! first time the spirit has bitten me in a long time!!! jingle bells!!!
"my baby's 25th birthday is today  happy birthday, baby <propfemale>! love, your mama"
"sorry a i haven't been on in like two mos  a lot goin' on inc  now tsunami where my mother lives that wiped out the kona alii drive, their version of waikiki, side of the tourist island  i will be in contact soon  forgive me and love and blessings to you all! <propfemale>"
