aac7440c18c69f04931ab4f78b794a9a
fake niggaz cant be real and real niggaz cant be fake!
i just got off work time to get my mind right  u feel me!!!
on to the next one!!!
real niggaz do what they want  fake niggaz do what they can 
hpd sucks!!!
life is like a box of chocolates      filled with a bunch of nuts  smh
say a prayer fo my boy <propfirst>  damn facebook demons got him   smh
just enjoying a nice day chilling with my son   priceless
damn lakers got they ass beat! i can dig it!
my son (jadon) ask me      what are we going to do today? so i told him       the same thing we do everyday son     try to take over the world!!!!
if you don't have nothing good to say don't say nothing  words to live by      smile 
i cant sleep  i guess i have too much on my mind     i hope people realize whats important in life and don't take it for granted  nothings fo sho in this lifetime but death so love those who love you and let them know  if your not happy in a situation move around don't settle for less  life too short not to be happy  last but not least keep it 100 
now that everythings back to normal    some what  time to get my mind right focus on me and my anger management  woooo sahhh  smile 
looking forward to seeing my kinfolk <propfemale> fuller on ncsi tonite at 7pm on channel 11  god is good all the time!!
thats fucked up the black man always die first!
a wise man once told me    boy! sit yo ass down   and i did    smile 
damn <propfemale> fine as hell  smh  smile 
scooby dooby doo  where are you?   (things you think about when ur bored)
the difference between a playa and a pimp is  a pimp sends women to go get money a playa fucks with women who already got money  which one are you?
if  i was riich the first thing i would buy is      
need to get a fresh cut for my lil sis bday at <propmale>'s 
the world is yours!
just got back from lil sis bday celebration  i had a blast love you sis
im still up and crunk! no sleep yet  im gonna feel it monday     oh well fuck dem other niggaz cause im down for my niggaz!!!!!!  (im too turnt up) smh
finally    i'm home time to relax my mind body and soul! it's hotter than four fat girls in a volvo eating a bucket of hot wings 
i feel like new money! bout to go get me and jadon hair cut and let my nutz <propfemale> to the <propfemale> 
i love my mommy!   smile 
me and my nigga <propfirst> tha only ones still standing!!! sleep for what!!!!
happt mothers day to all the great strong beautiful women we call mothers!    smile 
did any one get the lotto <propfirst> from last nie
what would you do for a klondike bar?   (shit that i think to myself)  smdh i need help i know
another day another dolla  gotta get it 
if you had a bucket list what would be on it 
same shit different day!  damn ! i need a clone   smdh
im not looking at you niggaz      im looking past ya 
i rather be hated for who i am then to be loved for who i am not 
alot of niggaz in the world are talented    but im gifted 
rate me: 1) crazy 2) wish we went out 3)talkative 4)sarcastic 5)loveable 6)sexy 7)strong  smile  dumb 9) spoiled 10) mouthy 11) wild 12)goofy 13) funny 14)awesomelyawesome 15) amazing 16) beautiful 17)cute 1 smile  full of shit 19) bestfriend 20)want to get to know you better 21) shoulda married you when i had a <propmale>
to know me is to love me to love me is to know me 
your character is who you are and how you act when no ones around watching 
i aint for no bullshit today! so watch what you say to me!
if you cant trust a person and you always think they up to something why be with them  life too short for a long conversation bout nothing!
my day started off a lil complicated but overall it was a good day  now its time to get my mind right and chillax 
woke up this morning and walk outside to discover        a hoe ass bitch ass son of a low down whore has stole my car! its bout to be a homicide on the nawf side!
i hate hpd they never help when i need it bitches!!!!!!!!
thou shall not steal!
"haters cant stop me! they only make me stronger and show me that i am what i say i am a real nigga that will hold his own stand 10 toes down, wont break ,bend or fold in the eye of adversity  i <propfirst> myself on the back i have came a long way with my attitude and how i handle things guess im getting old huh "
"got my ride back,almost finish cooking dinner got one rolled up    its about to go down"
whats understood shouldnt have to be e playful lained  get your mind off me and on you!
im better today then i was yesterday 
im on my grind at all times get on yours  nothing comes to those who sleep but dreams  get up get out and get something!
its been a long hot day time for relaxation  can you say put one in the air boys and girls?
my good days out weigh my bad so i wont complain!
its father son day time to get this show on the road with some hair cuts early bird gets the worm 
ready for these finals tonite    who yall got and how many games?
failing to prepare is preparing to fail 
getting ready to attend my nefew (<propfirst> <propfirst>) graduation from high school  damn im getting old      but i still look good for my age  lol
man its a beautiful day im chillin with jadon and we bout to get our grub on i made spaghetti and garlic bread its going down
be more concerned with your with your character than your reputation  because your character is who you are your reputation is who people think you are 
just cause im smiling dont mean i wont beat your ass!
whats your favorite cartoon of all time cause cartoons nowadays suck ass 
lets go celtics fuck kobe!
another day another dollar     gotta get mine!
just got back from tha studio wit my kinfolk tryn to make some real good music 
if you dont grind you dont shine and my future so brite i have to wear shades 
"pork chops,  homemade fries, and a salad sounds like its going down like <propfemale> lewinski!"
this is a good ass game go boston
i wake up in tha morning take a piss and wash my hands take a knee and thank tha man then get back to the money!
is ready to blow his wig back    who's coming with me to cloud 9 
is tired of bullshit!
is on a million dollar mission!
happy fathers day weekend to all the real ass men!who are fathers and not daddys cause any male can make a baby but only a real man will take care of his resposibility  so heres to my real men keep doing what you do our kids only will be better for it we need more like us 
im not looking at you haters     im looking past ya!
if i knew back then what i know now     
tgif! woooo hoooooo! lets get it!!!
get up get out and get something    dont let the days of your life past by!
if you quit on life you dont have a <propmale> at winning      (all i do is win)
good weed good drank big money man rollin in something foreign on leather gripping grain  i handle my business so i think i deserve to get throwed!
what tha hell is wrong with <propfirst> marks i mean brown! smgdh!
watching boondocks! lmao
monday? ugh!   sad 
is tryn to let bullshit pass me by and stay focused on what really matters family and my few friends that i know got my back regardless of my situations i go thru in this crazy life of mine  100 all day everyday
it sucks with no sports on tv  sad 
i thinking hammerly park today to get my hoop on 
grilled steaks on the pit baked potato     damn i did that!  (self high5)
has the monday blues!   smile    tryn to shake em off 
"does not fuck with haters, frauds,  bitch mades, hoe cakes, liars, snitches, the disloyal, jealous, or wanna bees  do a self evaluation and check tha people you surround yourself wit  100 all day eeeeerrrrry day!"
its a beautiful hot day what shall i get into?????
is full of positive energy today! hakuna matada smile 
is tired but cant sleep! went to <propmale>'s last nite and im still feeling wasted sad smdh
i wanna be a billionaire so freaking bad!
today a <propfemale> was born    happy birthday to my heart and soul jadon  i love you son!
haters get mad    hustlers get m$ney!
says i dont care if it was raining assholes and toilet paper    you still aint getting shit from me! 100 eeeeerrrrry day all day
jadon's b day party today! im so glad he didnt talk me into having it at the park    its hotter than four fat girls in a two door scion wearing skinny jeans eating hot wings!
"jus got home from jadon's party! man i want to be 10 again sad       not only did this cat have a date at 10 to his party  he also got $326 00 in cash 50 dollars on his gamestop gift cards an mp3 player, clothes , jordans and a <propfemale> ear ring  damn my birth days were never that great! god is good!"
it sure feels good being off 2day!  smile 
is on top of his game looking down at the haters and crabs and looking up at a bright future!
has some good!    smile 
my new tat is getting on my nerves! its itching like crazy!
last nite my son (jadon) came up to me and said     i need to tell you something i need to tell you something very important to me    so naturally i said what is it son then he said    make em say uhh na na  na na! then he just turned around and walked off all cool and shit  smh i think he finding his swagger thats my boy!
time for bluntfast! im so hungry!
whats wrong with me!
is out to bluntfast!
i stay on my grizzy im a bonafide hustler!
sittn watchn the a-team with jadon we jus chillin 
not a stain on me!
i just got home out the heat    just to make it home to these guys working on my roof beatn and stomping! tryn to keep my lil bit of sanity smh!
i smell smoke!    oh yeah thats me 
wait until the sun go down ima make this bitch light up!
just grilled some t bone steaks shrimp and baked some potatoes! can you say yummy boys and girls!
hi!  smile 
happy monday sad  ! so if you got a job get yo ass up if you aint got a job go get a job! 100 all day every day!
loved by few hated by many    and i dont give a fuck!
kush is my colonge!
is on a million d$llar mission! if you aint down with that i got two words for ya     fuck you! have a nice day  smile 
too blessed to be stressed!   smile 
tha game aint changed     the people playing it did! 100 all day every day!
my seats is suade my luggage is louie    and all that bad bitches in the projects want to do me! cause i got money!i remember when i couldnt afford no clothes nowadays a nigga hits the finnest hoes     cause i got money!
is wondering     do i need anger management?? cause the smallest thing make me hotter than a fire cracker!
you either with me or against me!!    no in between
some people think im an asshole    and to those peole i say your right so fuck you!
"i had a great day with the fam at the park today! we always have a ball when we get together bar b que, music, drinks and kickball what a day!"
real niggaz do real shit!
being real is not practiced      its something you either have in you or dont! im 100 everyday all day!
you know you at the top when only heaven right above you!!!!
on my momma on my hood i look fly i look good!!!!!!!
says biiitch my skin pretty!!!
"senerio: im in the gym working out minding my business  i notice two young females keep staring my way so pay them no mind and keep doing my thang i move to another workout station and they approach me together so one says \ my friend say you sholl look good whats your name\"" i say    <propfirst> then she says can \""we get your number\""?"""
i am an asshole!!!!! i dont care im me and i love me!!!!!! you dont like me build a bridge and get the fuck over it or jump off it!!!!!!
sitting here watching marijuana: a chronic history     very enlighting  i should watch the history channel more often 
im still at the top of my game   you niggaz may be talented    but im gifted!!  100 everyday all day$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
my day jus got better the texans lost   again! and for the people that will say there records better than the cowboys who cares if neither make the playoffs! lmao
i hate the law!!!!! they always harrassing me i aint did shit for you hoes to fuck wit me! just cause y'all have badges and guns dont make you bitches any better than the next person  take those badges off and i will whoop you and your punk ass partners ass! i hate you cock suckers fuck you and everybody in they house!!
i got that good!
kush is my cologne!
my m$ney dont fold it stack so if you dont get it how i get it get tha fuck back!!! (jus a random thought)
im so bad i can suck my own <propmale>!!!   (no homo)
i had a blast wit the fam last nite!! we gets it in!!!!!!
dro time!  surprise }
mann my homeboy hooked me up wit some white widow     its going down basement!!
im not gon fall for the banana in the tailpipe! i play by g rules so im smarter than you 
just cause i accept a friend request dont mean you gon get some <propmale> from me!!! biiiitch my skin pretty    do i look desperate?
i dont think im the shit    i jus know u not!!
kush or white widow      decisions decisions!
beautiful saturday!!!! time to hit these streets! 100 everyday allday!!!!!!!!
i just finished playn my old man in basketball 1 on 1  i beat him then had to beat my son then had to beat them both together then beat them in around the world   mannnnn my head hurting now   smh
i left work early so i could be at my son jadon's play     he is already ahead of me all i did in school was act a fool!! # proud father
home finally     i saw jadon do his thang then i saw the kid who was bullying him  me being me what do you think happend?????????????? i tried to kick his lil thick ass the bastard he lucky there was witnesses around or i woulda put his ass in the figure 4! i need my meds i know > surprise p
waiting for me to fuck uuuuuuuuuuuppppp!!!!!!!
gangsta from my head to my shoes   so god damn clean im giving haters the blues!
im thankful that tha weed man is up jus as early as me!!!!!!!!!   surprise )
im thankful for <propfemale> jones <propmale> the love of my life and my shining <propfemale>!! she raised me right when my own parents couldnt! mucho love momma!!!!!!!
im thankful that i dont get the erge to fuck somebody up as much as i use to!
im thankful for life and the knowledge of self and my crazy yet loving family!!
im thankful 4 clean underwear aint nothing like it!
im thankful to still have a couple of real potners that i can call when i need to!!! real tru people are hard to come by!!!!
im thankful for my health my son and his health and for everybody that love my throwed off crazy ass for being me! love respect and chicken wings!!
who is gonna have that one member of the family show up and turn it out!! i have so many in my family its unpredictable im ready to lmao!
dont be fixing no plates knowing you aint washed your hands in three days!!
if you cant cook dont be asking why nobody aint had none of your cassarole or three bean cobbler    its thanksgiving not thanks for fucking my stomach up now i cant go to black friday cause i got the shits!!!!!!!  thank you  smile 
i am hungry as a hostage!!
"im mad as hell i couldnt get my 32\ tv   damn damn damn"""
thanksgiving leftovers are the bomb!!!!!
$$$$$$$$i feel like mo money is in my future$$$$$$$$
dro time!!!!!!!!!!    surprise )
i like em thick in the waist and cute in the face!!!!!!!!!!
"is glad to be home and warm       its colder than eskimo pussy outside!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\burrrrrrr burrrrrr!!!!"
i dont bust back     cause i shoot first!!!!!!!!
bout to whoop my son in monopoly!!!!!! im <propmale> bitch!!! (in my <propmale> chapelle voice)
never bite the hand that feed you!!
if it dont make dollar$ it dont make $en$e!! homie dont play dat!!!!!
$ooooooooo ready to catch my flight!!!!!
looking good and feeling better!!!  #god's favorite
made it thru monday    damn today was a ruff one!!! guess what im doing now      
i love counting money! my money!!!!!
watchin the wizard of oz: why didnt the scarecrow ask <propfemale> for some brain he musta been gay cause the lion and the tin man aint tryn to get no pussy either    smh      
proud father of the smartest kid in his school!!! #thats my boy
getting my mind set right to audition for this reality show called the ultimate player         #pimping dont fail me now!!!!!
its sticky and smells great!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> hilson can get it! #your turning me on
dont judge me bitch!!!!! ima work in progress!!!
my right eye keep twitching      what does that mean???
i need something to do for new years <propfemale> whats poppin!!!!!!!
im ready to bring in my new year with my real niggaz! 2011 is bout getting more than i already have! real niggaz do what they want bitch niggaz do what they can!
thanks 4 all the b day wishes! i know ive been on facebook vacation! its in the air gz up hoes down 
im on some grown man shit @ 32 do it big or dont do it at all!!!!! real niggaz do real shit!!!!!!!
did u miss me????
man tha barbershop  so packed i gotta sit in the car!!!!!???? damn damn damn!!!!!!!
this zoo traffic sucks!
that was weak
east or west!!!!!
food dro and the game im set
rise and grind$$$$$
dro time!!¡!
morning niggaz and niggetts!!!!
on my way home with that grand daddy purp! its stanky!!!!  smile 
its funny watchn fat people run and try to catch the bus  lmao      they run like three steps then stop to catch their breath  smh
mannnnn! this has been long ass day sad   i need a dro blunt and a bj 
"finally        on my way home  ive been\worked like kunta kintay "
lets get it!
i declare this day    fuck it friday  so if you dont feel like doing shit today jus say fuck it!!!
i declare today sittn sidewayz saturday! 4 all the slab ridaz get in ur ride put on ur favorite cd turn that shit sky high and jus roll til the wheels fall  off
im really hoping i dont bust my ass bowling in these j s 
"long nite early morning  \momma say i better bring my butt to church so i really have no choice but to go "
at the <propfemale> corral with my favorite girl (mom) and sis feels just like ol times   smile 
i love womens track!!!! ;o) yesss i do!!!!!
dro time and game time!
them miami boyz aint ready  <propfirst> town coming out the east
like we always do about this time  roll it up lite it up smoke it up       enhale exhale!
ima cool dude til u try to fuck wit my ca$h then all bets are off  psyco come out and then u wondering who gon pull me off ur ass 
im jealous this lady on tha train has more hair on her chest than me literally!  smh
this lady on the side of me finger so far up her nose she scratchin her brain 
damn mia yall get a ass whooping!!! smh
better respect dem bulls! im jus sayn dem boys b balln
spurs or lakers?
damn! the weekend jus aint long enough     but i know money trucks dont pull up to ya front door     $o lets get it!!¡!!
if u fat and pregnant as hell please dont be walking around with no panties on showing your ass crack and all ur stretch marks that lookn like a tiger 
ima mean motherfucka and i dont give a fuck!!!! like i said fuck u and the horse u road in on  im me all day everyday
if u play i mobsters on ur smart phone send me ur mob code and join my fam      u either with me or against me but together we paid in full
lmao! nigga if yo gal got my number in her phone its there for a reason  and bitch made ass niggaz dont call my phone cause beleive me when i say i will kill u 
im not a fb gangsta     i jus i aint had my meds
"its going down!!! ribeye steaks on the pit,jumbo shrimp,baked potatoes,and corn on the cob  i bout to get fat!!!"
for a nigga like me     sometimes its best to be alone       smh     sick and tired of being sick and tired
facebook is jus like a class reuion  u get all excited to hear from people u aint seen in a while then after a couple of conversations u realize y u lost touch 
its my friday!!! yessssss
first person to pinch me its gonna be a problem!!!
its a beautiful day n  h town      bout to get my floss on   #feeln good lookn better
i dont know if its cause i had the munchies or what      but them corndogs at the carnival are tha bomb diggity!!!
who down for this hammerly today!
chilln gettn my smoke on!
these hoes aint gon stress me out!  #never let em see u sweat
"enhaling                               \coughing!!!!!!!! smiling surprise )"
watchn wrestlemania 27     gettn my puff on  hakuna matada
