03e0b05e3d46e1c1d7488ee2a26ebc01
i tell myself im never drinkng again but i know its a bold-faced lie
finally a half-way decent day to take boat ride!
is single and ready to mingle
is boating and beer   now this is summer  smile 
is boating to a party on money island! happy 4th!
one benefit to living alone is i never need to put on clothes  playful 
its finally nice on my day off   going kayaking!!  laugh 
is blueberry picking   then making some homemade blueberry pie  smile 
doesn't have a working phone bc my dad is a piece of shit   send me a fb message if u need to gt ahold of me
i beleive in being a law-abiding citizen   i just dont beleive in all the laws
is in nyc  laugh 
likes pissing people off
"\though the course may change sometimes the rivers always reach the sea\"""""
needs a roomate
neeeds a life plan asap
is sitting on my ass watching tv and getting paid!!  laugh 
is painting the new apartment
first day of classes + moving all my shit into the new apartment = not a fun day for <propfemale>
birthday celebration take 1- bar night!
thanks for all the bday love   celebration take 3- party at my place!
fuck my life
the grass is always greener on the other side
needs a cheap car   anyone selling one that runs?
lost my phone  sad 
"feels very useless without a phone, car, or computer and is not happy about it at all!!"
almost died on my rainy walk to school this morning
is at uconn with my girlies
extreamly fustrated bc i locked my keys in my car and have to wait an hour for aaa and pay them a bunch of money!!  sad 
"last night was a shit show, doing it all over again at the knicks game in nyc!"
is making homemade pumpkin pie and drinking mimosas   a nice rainy day  smile 
did i grow a third boob or something? all of a sudden my phone has been blowing up!
just got off work and am pretty drunk
is not feeling great and can really go for some herbal remedies
pregaming at my place with my girls then out in new haven for the night!! hit up the cell if u wanna join in the fun!
stuffed from my mom's delicious cooking   relaxing with the fam
is trying to clean the messy disaster from wednesday night before my roomates come home and kill me
is wayy too hungover for a wednesday  annoyed 
helping <propfemale> prepare for mexico by eating tacos and drinking margaritas  smile 
damn my procrastination! sooo much work left to do   very strressed  sad 
going christmas shopping then getting blitzed on eggnog and lighting up some trees   i guess the holidays arent all bad
great night with my girls    off to nyc
plans to drink away all the bad memories of 2009 and start 2010 off fresh   with an empty mind and a killer hangover
is tearing up the slopes in vt  smile 
traveling again   ny tonight miami tmrw then to mexico and belize on a cruise!! so excited  laugh 
had a great time on vacation but its nice to finally be home and in my own bed   goodnight
finally got my car up and running   i forgot how much i missed that wonderful little shitbox!
is going on a solo hike in the woods to clear my head
just walked home from downtown new haven drunk and alone   happy i made it home safe  smile 
is partying it up in nyc tonight!!  laugh 
got a new phone   dont have anyone's <propfirst>  annoyed 
is proud to say i have never seen a single episode of the jersey shore and never will!!
my little brother left for basic training today   i miss him already!
with all the money i spent on books i could have gone on another cruise!  sad 
is sending out resumes all day because i need a job bad!
"homemade wings, burgers, and salsa, good beer and the superbowl   sounds like its gonna be a great night  smile "
snow day= my ass on the couch with a bowl of food and bowl grass  smile 
<propfirst>'s day is for suckers
is 20lbs heavier than id like to be  so i like to eat   why must my body punish me for it?
my phone isnt working at the moment  send me a fb message if u need to get ahold of me
cell phone is temporarily out of service  sad  contact me through fb
still no phone   sorry if your texting me   im not ignoring you   send me a fb mess 
is not gonna get a little rain stop me from celebrating my favorite day of the year   parade time!!
of course i have to get sick now that im on spring break   sad 
"fuck being sick, im going out with my girls in new haven anyway! where is the question?"
"woke up with an empty bottle of vodka next to my bed, a burn hole in my comforter and multiple voicemails telling me to go fuck myself   sounds like a good night  annoyed "
i have a feeling its gonna be another crazy night out with my girls   what kind of adventures will we get into tonight? only time will tell  playful 
has lots of work to do but cant seem to motivate myself to get it done  annoyed 
about 10 people came up to me last night who knew me by name who i didnt recognize at all! maybe i should stop drinking so much or at least stop going to the same places when i do  annoyed 
another night out in the have
i dont beleive in this whole reserection crap but i can never turn down a good meal   off to see the fam
really needs to delete a bunch of these creepy facebook stalkers that i never actually met before
went on a diesel hike and now im laying in the sun before class    great day  smile 
day 4 of workout plan   it hurts to walk but besides that im feeling great!
stamford for the night with my sexy chicas!!
ahh my computer is not letting me uploads pics unless its one at a time and its really pissing me off!
"this is my life imma do what i do, if you dont like it i dont care fuck you!"
road tripping down to south <propfemale> to see my little brother graduate from basic training
is spending my next two days at fort <propmale>
on the long journey back home  i want to start pounding beers but i dont want to have to stop and pee more frequently   what a dilema
kickball game at east rock park  smile 
excited to spend my favorite holiday with my two best friends <propfemale> moore and <propfemale> and continue our tradition of a taco picnic at the top of east rock  smile 
"dear liver, i appologize in advance for what i am going to put you through this weekend but please dont fail me because im gonna need you to work overtime  new haven tonight, then uconn spring weekend fri and sat!!"
had a great weekend  5 day binge drinking fest   now i gotta get back to buisness
i dont mind serving jury duty but i do mind waking up at 6 smile 0am to do it   hoping i at least get an interesting trial
sunday funday   kickball and flip cup all day   gotta love it!  laugh 
cinco de mayo is just another excuse to get drunk mid-week  but hey i'll take it! hitting up happy hour   who knows where the night will take me after a couple margaritas
party bus to nyc!! its gonna be a wild night  smile 
brunch with my momma then kickball and post kickball drinking activities   running on 3 hours of sleep   should be interesting   and starting my drinking early since my mom made screwdrivers
just finished an exam ive been working on for over 10 hours so you bet your ass im drinking tonight as soon as my day is over!
is debating whether i should take a nap or go out for happy hour
boat ride --> kickball --> <propfemale> liffys    what a wonderful sunday!!  laugh 
kickball two days in a row   how exciting! gotta practice for my f u c kers
"work, work, and more work   damn my procrastination!  sad "
i am tring to get work done in the computer lab and this fucking baby wont stop yelling  i love kids but they have no place here   get it out before i throw you out!!!!
is finishing my last exam then taste of the nation tonight at yale commons   come by to help end world hunger!
is getting paid to sit on my ass watch the office and eat my thai food i got delivered   not a bad night
another sunday filled with kickball and flip cup  smile   im gonna try not to black out at the bar this time tho
is baking in the sun
is hungover but powering through for b o m b  fest!! i also have an extra ticket so hit me up if u plan on going and need one
is laying out at soundview   i might not be able to consider myself white for much longer  love it  smile 
had a fantastic weekend   now i really gotta get to sleep cause its back to real life tmrw  8am class   urg  annoyed 
comcast better get here soon cause im sick of this <propfemale> phone screen being my sole source of internet  and hopefully a sketchy comcast dude doesnt ask me out this time!
is covered in mud and a little dissapointed noone wanted to dance with me!
is up in the air with my favorite pilot  smile 
is exhausted from waking up at 3 smile 0am to drive <propfirst> smith to the airport  and a little sad cause im kinda gonna miss him
is bored in class learning about the dangers of alcohol and wishing i was out grabbing a drink with my girls
a well deserved night out with my girls since ive been working really hard all week!
is making some $$  hoping to be out in time to go camping on selden's island with my crew!
is putting my wingwoman skills to the test tonight   out in new haven with my ladies  smile 
ahh crazy night  would like to get some sleep but people are still partying in my living room  oh boy
is still pissed i got kicked outta the bar because some bitch kept throwing ice at me and i decided to be the bigger person and not beat her ass and do absolutely nothing and i still get kicked out of the bar!?  shows how much taking the high road does   stopping real low next time   bitch better watch her back!
kickball playoffs! im hoping for a shut-out!
just finished my night class and pretty sure i aced it! now 2 more weeks of spanish is the only thing standing in between me and a college degree!
loves a close game!
"all of my girls that never made it out last night better come out tonight   that includes you <propfemale> spignesi, aminata bah, <propfemale> ? hudson, and shreena patel!"
happy hour!! cells good if u wanna join in the fun
tried to climb the dinosaur at the peobody mesuem but it was a fail  sad   going back with a ladder immediatly   it is my new life's goal
new york city  love 
is stumbling around nyc trying to find a liquor store   o geez   tonight has disaster written all over it!
is heading home from nyc for a fathers day brunch   then winning the championship game in kickball! while running on 3 hours of sleep   ahh
wow guy next to me on the train is reading the bible and chugging vodka out of a waterbottle!
congrats to my f u c k ers for being new haven kickball champs and having an undefeated season!!  laugh 
is selling italian ices in front of the yale new haven hospital   if ur in the area come visit me! i feel like the guy in the wackness except his product is wayy better than mine  lol
needs a recomendation for a good book to read 
is so over new haven! partying in stamford tonight!!
ive been waiting 3 weeks for today   cant wait until later!!  smile 
is standing outside in the poring rain not selling any italian ices  fml!
just finished my last spanish exam   now officially done with college!!  laugh  getting a mani pedi to celebrate then live at 5 in stamford tonight!!
"boating, drinking, and relaxing in long island for the weekend"
had a great weekend   on my way home and completely wiped out  gotta head back to the airport tmrw to drop off my man  sad 
is hot as fuck!
hates packing moving!!  sad 
"so many things to do tonight   nyc, mohegan, terminal 110, or <propfirst> <propmale>   hows a girl to choose?"
holy hangover!
sailfest!!
spending the day out on the water  smile 
had a great day out on the boat   finally relaxing after 6 straight days of partying and waiting for entourage to start  love 
kickball game then out for a few beers  place tbd
loves gettin free drinks but they are dangerous  playful 
has block island fever   needs to plan a trip asap! whos with me?
is napping outside in the sun   naked  wink  adios tan lines!
got pulled over twice in the past 2 <propfemale>  since i have a suspended liscence for unpaid parking tickets i am stranded on the side of the road  and i now have two more tickets added onto my tab  fml!!
is babysitting   sad im missing all the fun things going on tonight but happy im making some money
misquamacit for the day  smile 
bartender \i can't accept your e playful ired id," it could be your twins or something \""\"03e0b05e3d46e1c1d7488ee2a26ebc01,got a real job today and going on a boat ride to soundview   id say today has been a success  smile 
is at hamonasset with <propfemale> hudson and aminata bah   need to get in a few more days of laziness and relaxation before i start real life 
is going to see inception   gotta see what all the hype is about
is going to the dmv to get a non drivers id so i can get my drink on everyday this week and weekend
stamford for the night with some of my favorite people!
is chilling at the court house with the criminals
happy 20th birthday to my little brother <propfirst> kravet! i miss you and i wish you were home with us! <propfemale> in there and i cant wait to see you in a couple months!  love 
is going blueberry picking and wine tasting at bishop's orchard today   hit me up if u wanna join me
why is it that basically eveyone i know's birthday has been in the past week? everyone's parents must have been humping like crazy in october
is in block island until sunday!!!
is loving block island and never wants to go home!
real life officially begins   first day on the new job
can't wait for alive at 5 tonight with my favorites!!
firrst week of work sucessfully completed & finally got my liscence re-instated   i am now a fully functional working adult  smile 
has a case of the mondays  sad 
tgif
ahh woke up at 5am to drive to the airport now im stuck in traffic and exhausted and have to work a full day   and to top off my misery its monday  annoyed 
finally home after a longg day   lying in bed catching up on my sunday night shows   not moving for the rest of the night!  smile 
sbc tonight with my ladies  smile 
is taking a bike ride to <propmale> oysterfest  smile 
is a hurricane
just because your boyfriend (or some amateur photographer that you have pay) takes slutty pictures of you does not make you a model!
nyc with my man  smile 
congrats to my cousin <propfirst> who is now a married woman! now on the long journey back home
happy birthday to my amazing and beautiful mother <propfemale> kolb!!  love  u
"sbc tonight <propfemale> trupin, shreena patel, <propfemale> hudson, aminata bah, <propfemale> ouellette, karlee hackett?? i miss you girls!!"
is <propfemale> excited that my brother <propfirst> kravet is coming home tomorrow!!  laugh 
mmm pumpkin beer   my favorite thing about the start of fall  smile 
"raspberry mojitos, lobster, and a boat ride   sounds like a good sunday to me  smile "
is gearing up for a serious kickball game
never lost a game of kickball in the new haven league in the past two seasons    pretty fucking stoked!!  smile 
needs to think of some sweet plans to celebrate my upcoming birthday   ideas?
is excited for the always <propfemale> premier!!
is high rolling at foxwoods tonight!!
is on my way to achieving my kickball goal of two undefeated seasons   go ballstards!!
hates all these ct politicians! they should take all that money they spend on ads trashing each other and actually do some good for this state!!
is watching a gay next on the spanish channel   very entertaining
ehh why is this week going by <propfemale> slow?!  sad 
i decided my new dream job is a judge on a cooking show   yumm!
really thinks my birthday should count as a paid holiday!!
"thanks everyone for the bday love! dinner with my man tonight, then out with some sexy ladies, yale football  tailgate party on saturday and kickball on sunday! should be a good weekend!  laugh "
happy about our inglorious win in kickball and flip cup and even more excited i finally got some action in the field!  smile 
had to record the debate because my dinner took a long time to cook  catching up on my politics hoping one of these candidates can sway me  
is spending a week's paycheck to fix my pos car! not too happy about that   would rather spend the money shopping or on a vacation!
going to highrollers foxwoods tonight to party with <propfirst> kardashian and some other sexy ladies!! can't wait!!  laugh 
"killer headache! maybe i shouldnt have taken consecutive shots of vodka after already going through two bottles, buy hey i wasn't about to let a $300 bottle of vodka go to waste!"
really wishes i had the day off today!!
wants to get freaky with <propmale> <propmale> ;-p
its a beautiful fall saturday and im stuck inside working!  sad 
hates everyone right now!  sad 
"humm i still don't know who to vote for  i've always sided with the democrats on the social issues, but i'm not a huge fan of large government and higher taxes   i just wish these candidates would focus their campaigns on how they will improve our state and not what a terrible, lying, stealing, opportunist their opponent is! i'm becoming very disenchanted with politics in general "
 love 's <propfemale> k's!
just spent $100 to get my hair done and im not really feeling it  sad 
is nyc bound for halloween weekend! so excited!  smile 
might be too old to party in nyc until 4am   but im doing it again tonight  oh boy
on my way back to ct for the kickball playoffs  gonna need a keg full of coffee for this game! but i will power through   i want this win real bad!
ahh i really dont wanna get out of bed and go to work today! i left my credit card at <propfemale> liffys last night and prob shouldnt have driven home   annoyed   but i had a great weekend in nyc and happy the ballstards pulled out a win!
is debating taking a nap in the backseat of my car or under my desk (grandma's boy style) on my lunch break in order to restore my energy level
thank god this day is over! sushi with my momma then straight to bed!
is up early so i can go vote before work!
"is cooking up lots of brownies, cupcakes, and jello shots!"
thanks to all my awseome friends for coming out last night making it such a fun time!  love  u all!
kickball final four   come on down and support the ballstards   im bringing a keg!  i want that #1 spot so bad i can taste it!
"my whole body is sore   between drunken falling, kickball, and football it hurts to move!"
"happy veterans day to everyone who has served our country and wising the best to everyone who is currently serving, including my little brother <propfirst> kravet and friend <propmale> garthwaite "
"<propfemale> liffeys tonight for some acoustic guitar, beers, and good friends!"
ive been watching the spanish channel for an hour and just realized it  lol
not having a phone prompted me to take a solo bike ride on the beach   it was actually kinda nice  but now my ass and legs are very sore  annoyed 
getting ready to go to the liff to party with my kickball peeps! i e playful ect another out of control evening!
is heading to a confrence in hartford   and im excited to get out of the office for a day!
is going to see due date   lets hope it doesn't suck
just stocked up on $100 worth of four loko and joose  fuck you fda!!
is trying to muster up the energy to go out   four loko and <propfirst> z just might do the trick  
i hate all of you who are bragging about your short weeks! not only do i have to work a full day today and tmrw but my boss thinks its fair to make us come in on sunday because we are getting thurs and fri off   sad  fml!!
is going to shoot some guns then off to the omni to pregame with my girls then party hardy in new haven!  love 
great night with my ladies! now i hoping i can get some more sleep because i promised my mom id try to be alive at our thanksgiving table for once this year  
spent more money today than i made all week! fuck you black friday!
"5 year high school reunion   to go or not to go, that is the question?"
has to work on this sunday and my car wont start   fml!
is spending the rest of the work day babysitting for my boss's kid instead of being in the office   score!  smile 
these californication teasers are killing me   i need <propmale> moody back in my life asap!!
? single ? in a relationship ? no longer give a shit
needs a vacation!
"its sunday, im at work and running off 3 hours of sleep  not a happy camper right now!  sad "
bridge to terabithia is the saddest children's movie ever! bawling my eyes out right now!
is buying a bunch of lift tickets to bromley because they are cheaper if you get them before tmrw  so if you plan on taking vt trips with me this winter let me know or buy your own tickets   because i will basically be living there this winter! (well on the weekends)
sbc tonight with my crew!  love 
is vt bound  hitting the slopes at killington all weekend! so excited!  smile 
my body is too sore for another full day of skiing  annoyed  off to the longtrail brewery instead 
really wishes a scheduled nap time extended past kindergarden!
is going to get a much needed hour long full body massage!  smile 
company holiday party tonight  debating if i should take advantage of the open bar and get embarrassingly drunk in front of my co-workers  who am i kidding   we all know its gonna happen!  playful 
new haven santacon 2010 then nyc tonight with my ladies!  smile 
finishing my christmas shopping then family holiday in stamford  excited becuase i get to see my brother <propfirst> kravet!!  laugh 
prime 16 happy hour with my brother and amigos!  love 
why the fuck am i working right now?? <propfemale> coffee should make this day go by a little faster  wink 
trying to figure out how to use my new iphone right now
is vt bound with the fam
looks like i'm snowed in and stuck in vermont for an extra day    what a shame  playful 
the roads are too bad for me to drive home and it's too <propfemale> for me to go skiing   this officially sucks!  sad 
is attempting to make the drive back home  hopefully me and my car make it there in one piece
my attempt to drive home was an epic fail! i could have predicted that one  my car is now on the side of the road burried in about 6 feet of snow   sad 
"cooking, cleaning, and shoveling    what a fun night"
dinner party with my ladies  love 
too much sangria last night = killer headache this morning! but totally worth it!
going to get my nails done because im sick of being at work right now!  playful 
done with work for the year and ready to party!! happy new years everyone!! i have a feeling 2011 is gonna kick-ass!  laugh 
is happy its happy hour!!  smile  drinks in westbrook now then possibly sbc tonight  
anyone know where i can buy a pair of ski pants for under $100?
is excited for bar tonight with my ladies!! im hoping all the deuchbags will stay at home to watch the jersey shore!
am i the only person on the planet who has never seen a single episode of the jersey shore?? im totally ok with that 
where is this so-called snow? not a drop where i am!
is heading back to vermont so i can spend the weekend on the slopes  smile 
cooking dinner for the family then catching up on californication  smile 
would really like to take a snow day tomorrow!!
going to celebrate with my pe with some sushi and scorpion bowls!  smile 
is not happy im working today!  sad 
"things i learned from dr  <propfemale>'s sex quiz app on my iphone annoyed 1  having sex once a week can lower a man's risk of diabetes by 40%\2  the word scumbag was derived from a used condom\3  women with breast implants are more likely to commit suicide\4  more americans loose their virginity in june than any other month\5  1 in 18 americans have an extra breast nipple"
nyc for the night
putting on a cockail dress and supporting the kids  at hartford holiday <propfemale>
if anyone is interested in going to vermont with me this weekend hit me up!
sbc with my favs for my lover <propfemale> hudson's birthday!
cooking dinner for <propfemale> tonight and hanging out with some wine and good tv  smile 
i love having a house in vt!! back to the mountain i go!  smile 
i need a vacation bad! preferably somewhere warm where i can work on my tan and drink fruity cocktails all day and not have to worry about working!
wow i finally get to leave work early!! going home and being lazy 
i get that it snowed alot last night  i dug my own car out of the snow this morning and drove on the snowy roads  i dont need to see your pics to prove it to me!
debating about moving down to miami (or <propfemale> perhaps) for the rest of the winter  im so over this snow! who's coming with me?
had a very unpleasant drive to work this morning  if i have to hear about one more person's day off im gonna scream!
a much needed night out tonight! i havent gotten drunk or crazy in a while and i plan on changing that tonight  should be interesting  wink 
after my 1 1 2 hour commute in traffic i finally made it into work  sad 
everybody dies but not everybody lives
is so happy i'm leaving work before it's pitch black out   its been a while!
vt bound with <propfemale> dickey and <propfirst> smith  excited to shred the slopes once again!!
sushi and scorpion bowls with my <propfirst>  smile 
headed to nyc for the knicks game tonight!!  smile 
loading up on emergen-c because i'm in no mood to get sick and i feel that sneaky bastard of a cold creeping up on me  sad 
excited for <propfirst> <propmale> & parliment funkadelic at toads tonight!!
wishin i was outside enjoying the warmth and sunshine and not cooped up in my office all day!  sad 
"making homemade guacamole, tacos, nachos, and margaritas  it's a full blown fiesta in here!"
i hate everyone who has the day off today!!
my ability to get out of tickets just might be my favorite thing about being a girl  wink 
i have been a knicks fan since i was 5 years old  i have stood by my team through the good times and the not so good  for everyone who has been embarrassed to be a knicks fan before or those of you just jumping on the bandwagon now because you think its cool   screw you   we don't want your fake bullshit support just because you wanna support a team you know is gonna win!!
"margaritas with my ladies!  smile \ps  go knicks!!"
how the hell did i run up a $50 bar tab last night while drinking $2 shots??
apartment hunting like crazy because i refuse to pay rent to live with my parents! isnt the point of living at home to save money?? wtf mom? oh well   6 months was way to long to be back home anyway   back to new haven it is!
tgif!
"saw 2 amazing apartments in new haven, did a little shopping, and foxwoods tonight! i'd say today had been a success  smile "
this place is a proctologist's dream    wall to wall assholes!
i am already over this week!  annoyed  i want it to be the weekend already because my man comes home and its the new haven st  <propfemale>'s parade!
its official   moving to an awesome apartment in new haven with <propfemale> hudson and jenn <propfemale>   cant wait until april 1st   its gonna casa de loco!!!
pub crawl with the kickball crew tonight!
so not in the mood to drive to the airport right now but happy that my man is coming home!  smile 
oh how i love parade day   getting my drink on like the <propfemale> folk do!!  smile 
no amount of coffee is going to make this day tolerable!  annoyed 
just got my passport in the mail   im ready to travel the world! now who wants to lend me 10 grand? lol
heading to bills for some st  <propfemale>'s day beers with some good people  smile 
i am loving the plethora of young male cops in <propfemale> who keep letting me off for speeding with a warning  wink 
im very unmotivated to get any work done today  annoyed 
boarding for the day then oar concert at okemo later  smile 
moving some stuff into the new apartment  smile 
i thought the office would be finished after <propmale> carell's departure but with will ferrell replacing him i will definitely still be watching!
"packing my stuff while drinking some beers, bumping some tunes, and dancing with myself"
walking to kickball practice   i love being back in east rock  smile 
my liver was not prepared for last night   today's gonna suck!!  annoyed 
got a cute little hairy black man on top of me who won't stop purring in ecstasy
just spent $69 to fill up my tank with gas   i think that's a personal record for the camry  and all i'm thinking is that's a really cute pair if shoes i now can't buy!  sad 
i wish my office break room had a bed in it because i am in serious need of a nap!
buffalo wild wings to watch the uconn game with <propfemale>
