42089d842182f55ef0d36edfb1e64ee1
i could go for a hummer right about now   
got me a job interview for friday        about time!
wish me luck on my other interview
is going to start work today     
blowin off my quarter stick tonight        sounds dynamite
just chillin' sippin' on some beer relaxin'       good to be off work tomarrow!
getting the key to the store tomarrow       im movin' on up!
going to hook my amp up with my 12s   bumpin'
cleaned my car today and just made a strawberry- banana smoothie      cant wait til tomarrow cuz i get paid!!!!!!
going to see the fireworks tonight with my baby      it's a date!
has work today and i am not happy about it
getting drunk off e & j(erk n jerk) and chillin' with my lady     cant get better than that    oh it can     in about a week or so! let me ask you this  what has four lips and bleeds for seven days? you tell me  !
getting drunk and playing rock band       yeah!!!!!                 the drums
my b-day tomarrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!gonna be 21 can't wait
telephone line-elo        awesome song
check out a few tricks guazzo got up his sleeves    
started my new badass job making real money      
got me a job that pays 15 an hour!!!
workin' at work
just chillin' about to eat some pizza
feeling great knowing i have an awesome job as a project manager 
"im soooo sad!!!!! just found out my job was just temparay       so deprresd, im drunk!"
is up once again and lovin' it   i feel good      wake 'n' bake!!!
did you hear of the new jewish tires that came out? not only do they stop on a dime    they pick that shit up too!!lol
"ohhhh, back to school, back to school, to prove to mommy i am not a fool i have my luch packed up, my shoes tied tight, i hope i don't get in a fight! ohhhh back to school    back to school "
im going bananas!!!!
got this new job and tryin to make some money!!!
don't worry about what's inside my cup      this is my cup so f u 
"sittin' here drinkin' a few brewskies     not a lot, but just chillin'"
had the biggest slim <propmale> in the world!!
my neice calls me uncle squidward from spongebob because of mood swings! i think thats funny!!
yow           yoooowww! lol!
is wishing he had another slim <propmale> right now     
who has angel  hair?       i do  lol
off to work                           
just chillin - -
"just got done painting, feeling pretty good about my work!"
off to work
waiting on my phone    yeah!
looks like i woke up black        again   (sigh)
just found out i have facet arthrosis in my back
doin' nothing   
just got a black on red gibson electric guitar    bad ass!
avenged sevenfold awesome!
can play cold comfort blues!
makin' some burgers on the grill     im a great chef!
"has a dr  appointment at 9, gonna get my pain pills for my back, im excited"
"just dropped off <propfemale> at el gallo cuz she started over-reacting and i said forget it, and eeerrrrghhhh    i took off!!!! im gone    "
has the best smelling arm pits in the world!
why is no one awake on this fine tuesday morning?
im so bored! wake up <propfemale>
needs a fat blunt right about now
i can totally go for a chimichanga!
"just got pulled over for taunting a police officer and i still won, beat them out of 4 tickets! yeah!!!"
is feeling mighty fine
wheres the party at? hyper as hell   
"i'll make you smile for the simple fact im good at it,\i'll make you smile just so i can look at it      "
"sometimes when i think of you, \i always wish that there were two,\i could love you once,\love you twice,\and still feel the same if you were mine     "
"if i had a shotgun, you'd know what i'd,\i'd point it straight up at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you    "
"sometimes love is the key,\it hurts and breaks but sets you free,\you feel as if its all gone away,\but somehow you'll feel it someday    "
the <propfemale> and mars shall be seen in the sky 12 smile 0 a m  as big as the <propfemale>    next to the <propfemale>!
"i know it seems it will always work,\but never does with a jerk,\look deeper than beyond to find,\the <propfemale> treasure that will blow your mind!"
where the get togethers at? yeah!!!!!
my back   hurts   ow
"just relaxing on this gorgeous day drinking my <propmale> <propmale> half iced tea and half lemonade, its amazing how the small things in life are so delicious!!!!"
"lying beside you, here in the dark, feeling your heartbeat on mine      great song \journey\""-open arms"""
just hangin' out by myself    
where my party people?
"somebody help me, im really bored!!"
got some rage against the machine goin'   feelin' tha rage but im tha machine!
dont know whats goin on with me
loves his profile picture and thinks you should too!
bored    hit me up
is pretty drunk    not yet      i dont know    
is drunk
is feelin' the vibe
ok    maybe a little!@
my b-day is coming up and hope theres some party people that want to party!
red bull a cig  and some avenged sevenfold nightmare to start my day!
"im building my table fo my bedroom, its gonna be kickass! black granite with off white marble, what a awesome combo"
"just changed a tire for an 84 year old man, he was stuck and that was my good deed of the day, and didnt charge him!"
i drink alone        
"my back hurts, i think i slept wrong or too long, this really sucks"
thanks for the birthday wishes guys     seriously did not e playful ect to get so many happy birthdays in one day!
"so i go to do this job right     and after i finish sanding, painting, and putting new hinges and handles on      i go to this guy's house and put the all of these cabinet doors just to find out that he forgot to give me 2 of the doors, looks like more money for me!"
"finally finished those cabinet doors, hurt my back a little but it's all good!"
always e playful ect the worst and you will never be dissapointed    
does not have any more <propfirst>             hit me up on here for them      thanks
"there is not even a scratch on my car, its a miracle! lol"
nightmare!
makok is very talented!!!
got a new phone with the same number   
red bull!!!
absolutely loves red bull!!!
"my name's petey, and i have gigantic balls!!! lol"
"off to court, wish me luck, i might need it "
"need something to do, bored as hell!"
couldn't sleep for crap last night 
"going to minnesota today, gonna have some real fun"
"i just ate the rarest food known to mankind     \dinosaur  lol"
my arms blacker than wesly snipes
ridin' along in my automobile!
"coffee w  french vanilla, mmm "
when i catch someone drinking a mgd i ask them how my <propmale> tastes!!
"its the most, wonderful time, to drink beer!"
1$ party boy!
clik clak cok the gat bak gotta be strapped
"fuck boo, cheaper than a jew  never wanna spen locked up in the pen, rest of his life fucked by a gent  stayn in c block locked by his g spot stuck in his ass actin like a cock blok i use to be an eo switched my gears to mob bro, killed time in bullshitn spent the evenin jokin so, bout the fat bitches droppin oranges on <propfirst> dog fukn bitches like this ryme bra i wont stop, cock this cock right in your moms g spot "
"i rip gloks from trouble niggas that steal shots think smart when gats \heat hot  i spit from the heart rip you open wit lyrics til i hit that \spot when your brain melts in differnt globs"
i'm gonna beat my meat like it owes me money!
yo?
i'm on a killing spree!   
i notice that friends suck even if they suck more than your family          there is every some reason if im telling the truth or bullshittin'
forget the people you love because the simple fact of your own will be tired of flesh being no one as such fate and your loss will be my one
people think im playn' but im not
looking for a job!
off to school     
"started workout program, 100 pushups yea <propmale>"
can't sleep! sucks
"i finally know how it feels to have a mental alarm clock that wakes you up at 4 in the morning, crazy stuff  cant seem to get more than a 6 hour sleep "
just got done doing flips of the roof of my house!!!
drinkin' a few beers with my bro!
"roses are red, violets are black, why is your chest as flat as your back!"
"coffee and chicken, can't get better than that"
changed the brakes on my car! rotors seem alright but when it gets warm all new brakes and rotors  yeah <propmale>
"friends are suspect! kitt take pictcha, fallo   "
"not tired at all  glad i go to school monday, wensday, and friday  wish i had someone to chat with right now or talk to  if anyone is up hit me up  708 539 1146 "
life is tough and loves a must  just be carefull on who you trust   never know when your time is up  do what you want and see whats real  do what you want and how you feel 
"man, had one crazy night! bro got wasted and fell asleep on the bathroom counter  haha"
join thy brotherhood and we shall see rome tremble!
gettin' my groove on!
stupid fortune cookie!
avenged sevenfold!!
coffee    coffee    coffee!
"avenged sevenfold, great way to start the day off  especially with this awesome ass coffee!"
fuck bitches
