7ca4cd2066ac1fd7e8b5269927b0d622
"goodbye 2009, hello 2010!  wink "
happy 2010  laugh 
so today was pretty great  laugh 
we are all human  it's time to prove it  set our differences aside and never look back 
"junkie man, tell me what your story is "
"so, is anyone going to <propfirst> talent @ the gothic theatre on sept  20th??"
the taste of colorado was pretty fun  wink 
hello internet   laugh 
"in keystone, tommorow will be definently great!  wink "
"so, im really not looking foward to tomorrow d:"
have been playing volleyball since 8am this morning  finally done [like a half hour ago ]  wink 
 wink 
homecoming kickoff tomorrow!  wink 
got my homecoming dress today  wink 
homecoming dance tonight  wink 
volleyball game moved to friday  wink 
frightfest was pretty fun  wink 
this snow is never ending!
another snow day 
"so, does anyone know if we [englewood] has school tomorrow?"
"so, does anyone know if we [englewood] has school tomorrow?"
the bouncing souls are playing tonight d:
its snowing! pray for a snow day monday!
phone works now  wink  [calling]
off to build a greenhouse  wink 
so black friday is now pretty much bigger than thanksgiving =| thats kinda sad 
black friday tomorrow!  wink 
happy  laugh 
freezing!
"9degreesf, -12 7degreesc  freezing!"
freezing! i blame global warming 
day and night by enter shikari  best song ever 
3-2-1-done!
winter break is finally here! plane leaves tomorrow  wink 
hope everyone had a great christmas  wink 
fu live  heck yes   wink 
does anyone have pottery 5th this semester?
today was great  wink 
i am pretty much the happiest i've been in like 2 months rite now  wink 
whats up with there weird apps that you click on it and it automatically sends wierd notifications to other people??
"dear weather, if we do get snow: please let a snow day come  wink "
"recycling glass instead of making it from silica sand reduces mining waste by 70%, water use by 50%, and air pollution by 20% "
"a single porcupine is known to kill 100 trees in one winter  it uses it's sharp claws to climb a tree, sits on a limb to gnaw away at the bark and twigs and then stuffs them all into its mouth at once  because of it's liking for bark, the porcupine causes much damage to forests "
goodnight fellow facebookers   laugh 
csap    d;
now this is what i call a friday  laugh 
its snowing d:
it is so white outside 
ask me anything  www formspring me kristinakc
does anyone know how to unfan things?
"good news or bad news first? lets see, there is no good news which makes there even more bads news on top of the fact, that my phone will not turn on  d:<"
"so today was sooo long! but very fun at that   laugh  (sucked at the meet, had fun at <propfemale>'s party)"
so i have a huge bruise on my arm from getting stuck in a door  how sad is that 
happy earth day!
i love waking up to the sound of rain 
gosh darnit snow!
love laugh ollar sales  dislike=how everyone else loves em 
loved waking up this morning  laugh 
"rain, its not that i don't like you  its just that i would way rather have it snow right now   smile "
rain+cold=this freezing cold track meet i'm currently at 
first day out of school and i already have a <propmale> sunburn  good job <propfemale> 
"heck yeah, finally on my laptop after two months of it being broken!"
wow today was long 
wait (acoustic) -something corporate    look it up 
hahaha i love minnesotan's accents
usa!  smile 
nice rainy day at h&m and forever 21   smile 
"finally, back in colorado  smile "
oh my gosh its hot 
"seriously, pretty much ever year it rains today!"
"so, at bellview it started pouring, my phone was in my pocket -pretty safeish place amiright? nope not for my phone, it has to go all water damaged on me "
"finally got my new battery in the mail, its just the wrong size, how ghetto  but it works!  laugh "
"so i guess i'll post this as well: like this status and i'll tell you a like, a dislike, my first impression of you, & a confession,  smile "
fun day  laugh 
"describe me in 1 word  \put this as your post and see what you get  smile "
oh my gosh it's so hot outside!
well today was fun  smile 
i love the rain  smile 
"my legs were sore from volleyball, just went for a bike ride, now they are jello "
"last \official\"" day of summer and we have to wake up early to go in for a half hour  lame """
today was pretty fun   smile 
anyone else going to the taste of co today??
lost to <propfemale>  annoyed  now for the hour and a half ride home  even more of a  annoyed  face
gosh i love the rain  smile 
it's officially fall  smile 
what a lovely morning  smile  all i've done is wake up haha
"seven, way to early to be up and about  driving to j-day "
just went to yogurtland for the first time 
i'll do one: like it and i'll post this back     \dear___, i___you  you \7ca4cd2066ac1fd7e8b5269927b0d622,i really don't like this jones paper 
"ahh, why won't it just snow already?!"
"gah, i love black friday  smile "
"i'll join in on that little <propfirst> game, send me a number!"
"9875; well to start off, we've been going to school together for how many years now? and we've never really talked too much, your a pretty cool guy though so lets change that!"
"12 1; hmm, we started talking at the begining of the year, but then pretty much stopped  annoyed \ you seem pretty chill though so lets talk again  smile "
"42; i've only talk to you a little bit, but from when we have talked, you seem pretty nice  smile "
"gosh, how much longer can i procrastinate this research paper?"
potluck secret <propfemale> was pretty fun    break!!  smile 
it's like a winter wonderland  smile  finally some snow!
yogurtland ?
