c178bfc481ae4af8a49b7f0e9c2ee0e7
"ya know before i crawled out from under my 500 year old rock, i never got why people did this    now i know it's addictive   when i'm at work i am d t ing  from the internet"
i hope u guys r having a grrreat time smile 
"it sure is, it'e been a very long day?!?!?  gonna take a few quizzes and get ready to go to sleepy land smile   good night and i 'll talk to you tomorrow, luv ya kelly smile "
i'm sooo tired   i meant yes it sure  does?!?!?!duh  smile 
"well, i have finally gotten my place nice and spic-n-span smile   dishes washed,kitchen clean, bathroom shining and <propfemale>'s room is in order,well atleast until she is outta school?!?!?lol smile   i even have my garden in somewhat order!!!  honestly all i have left to finish is floading laundry and putting it all away!!!   i told ya i was obessive complusive  no joke!!"
i
"no prob bob!! smile  i hope the three of you had a great time!!  i  want you to always know that for the last 10 years you have been on my mind smile  smile  wink   i miss you and i hope that this day,your day is as good to you as you are to others!! so, that means it should be fantasic  smile  i luv ya"
"would love to visit u and ur sweet-baby angel when he she arrives smile  congratulations,again, and happy birthday"
no prob <propmale>!! love ya tons!!
"you read my mind!!!  i wish my pool was ready but its not!!!?!?!?  its hotter that a croch from 1960     hairy,gross"
moose tracks icecream is the best
isn't it such a nice day      too bad i have to work!!!  oh well that is life    kick you when your down and present a gorgeous day knowing that i have to work in a nursing home all day long sad   it's not <propfemale> bad atleast i'll be making money!!!  but still it would be nice to play hooky   well heck now we all know i'm bull crappin'
well     i gotta go and prepare for another fun day at sunrise smile   i hope that my work day is done before i know it!!!!! buh-bye for now smile 
"i had to work late tonight sad   just until 9:15!!  so as it turned out, i had no time to go outside and observe enjoy that gorgeous saturday    oh well!  hopefully, tuesday wednesday thursday one of my off days; there will be great weather in store smile   my luck it will rain all 3 days lol!! i 'm hoping for nice weather"
"well, today is pay day smile   i get to collect my meager wages that took 2wks to earn!!?!?!?  afterword, i have to put $ in the bank,[maybe <propfirst> wink  will be working today smile ] go to walmart and get me and <propfirst> swimsuits and make out some checks to pay bills  it goes spends way to quick?!?!?"
got back from getting my errands ran   didn't get any swimsuits sad  got <propfemale> in wonderland wink  instead!!the both of us already have suits     so i guess we can only ware 1 at a time!!!  nothing to do at the time waiting for <propmale> to get off work smile   i hope he had a good day
"what a lazy day weather wise, i wouldn't know an easy or lazy day if it slapped me in the face and kicked my ass too  too much to do and worry about    who ever said it would be easy    "
what a nice night smile   just got done making 3 way chili spaghetti and peanut butter iced brownies!!  <propfirst> and <propmale> loved it smile   so now i gotta clean up   my o c d  will not allow me to do anything until the kitchen is spotless !sometimes i feel like a slave to my cleaning schedule and the fact that i get crazy over things outta place  so must of u think i'm nuts but anyone that has know me 4 a while knows i'm fun crazy
"cant win for losing  crappy day leads into a    shitty night  all leads up to the 10 big woop!!  as if anyone really cares    one more year older  one more step closer to the grave, if i were lucky?!?!?  but  knowing my luck  i'll live to be mrs  vogel's age-sunrise peps get this- the rain and gloom always gets me down!!"
feeling much better thanks to jenni smile   so lucky to have a n friend like her
what a beautiful day   i thought for sure it would rain all day    maybe god is cuttin me a brake
just got done talkin to kelly smile   what an awesome friend i just love her <propfemale> much  anyone to have <propfirst> as a friend is damn lucky and better treat her right or else do got me to deal with?!?!?!? and u dont want that   trust me
"thank you to all the birthday wishes,i appreciate all of it smile  tgif"
is just wondering if the amazonian has main vained today or did her 8ball yet   maybe she wont be on the war path but i doubt it!!!
"what is wrong with the pimps over at disney channel?  i sure hope it's <propfemale> marketing sham!!! whats next feeding young kids cocain,ghb and pcp   anything to make billions?  do these assholes have a soul   nope"
has been screwed by the long arm of the law?!?!?
is very annoyed    
much better thanks bethie i love u <propfemale> much
good morning folks smile   much better day    all is well   off work for 3 days   yes!! gonna miss my sweet residents but not too much    see 'em friday
"oh joy, yet another wonderful day trapped in limbo    i mean work    yeah we will go with that"
cant wait to see <propfemale> and <propfemale> off and wish them a safe trip smile  luv ya ladies
beautiful day its time to get off the computer and get some work done    cleaning and laundry oh joy
"the house is clean( even <propfirst>'s room),dishes are done and laundry is folded  i have <propfemale>n one busy <propfemale>!! now i have nothing to do but further my internet addiction?!?!?"
good night peeps wink  have a peaceful well rested evening and a bright cheerful morning!! i t's all rainbows and butterflies smile nitenite
is tired of this heat wave       it's hotter than a crouch in brass panties
"just cant wait to melt at the nursing home ,wtf!!! goody goody gum drops!!"
"joy of joys             the \manor\"" is calling my name cant wait to sweat my ass off?!?!?!  i have never  done crack but the way we have to run around at work makes me feel like i am running a crack headed rat race that i will never win     ready set tweek    j k"""
is just lovin' that damn i q  test result
happy tuesday     3more days till payday
can't wait to visit flower and mama cat tomorrow   those 2 chics r the best?!?!?
"is off to work, those on welfare are counting on me for their pay-checks! ugh : - ("
hello facebook wish i had more time to get on
sooooo much to do and sooooo little time to do it!!
<propfemale> is sick today sad   i think she has the stomach flu i sure hope she gets to feeling better!!
just poked u and flower   was it  as good for you as it is for me
<propmale> dodson   u funny motha f@cker   hide ya kids hide ya wife hide ya husband cause they rapin everone here!!! wtf   i know this is a serios issue but damn lmfao!!!!
here in <propmale> heights     
i ran away with a nutcracker on a train because i think i need some serious help!!!!
