95c87309246d5ca624e37a638cb24303
happy new years to all my favorite jerks!  (that's pretty much all of you)
i'm oed    i think i'll go read something 
holy crap!  3 interviews today!!! whoa!  i hope i win 
"i think it's nap time    yeah, that sounds about right "
"i hope <propfirst> didn't get me sick, that would lick balls"
oh man!!!!  that went really really well!  i think i'm gonna have a job next week!
is super tired    oh well 
i'm officially pissed at the humane society
defeated
oooooooh!  might finally have a home for <propfirst>!
jimmy's got a mam and dad!
gagagagagagayeeeeaaaah!
oh my f-ing god!  i cannot believe <propfirst> <propmale> is dead!  i'm so sad!
"goodwill drop off, then swimming, then <propfirst> goes home, then pizza beer the warriors   what a lovely day!"
that was fun!
"ummm, ice cream is wicked!"
gonna tcb @ tfb!
wooohooo!  first day of work!  success!
"wow, the maintenance guy got to my house almost before i was done telling them my ac wasn't cooling the house!  neat!"
the cat's pajamas
and now    mrs  slocombe is dead too!  i hate this week!
goin' out with <propfemale>!  woop woop!
i'm glad  n surprise ne drank as much as i did 
"ummmm, okay   bed now   yes "
"ummm, i think i love dog almighty    yup "
perfect strawberries and chocolate ice cream make me the happiest girl in <propfirst>!
i hate my ac    coz it doesn't work but it costs like a million dollars 
i love my japanese style tempura grilled cheese sandwhich    <propfirst> is wrong 
wish i were still in bed 
5 days till vacation!!!
ouch 
vacation tomorrow!!! woooooooot!
"hittin' g-town, rep'n 3rd coast    playa!"
i wish i were still on vacation    it owns!
why does sunburn have to itch so bad?!
'bout to make pizza from scratch    freakin' sweet 
i wish this guy who probably has my dog would call my back so i can go pick him up 
on a road that is still gravel coz they haven't resurfaced it yet    but <propfirst> is home now    and he has heartworm 
"that was some effort! so when the <propmale> people who found my dog dropped him off, they made me pay them $140    then, the cat attacked him while they were still there so he took off again, when i caught him, the cat did too and he took off somemore while th"
now that i've washed 50 years of nicotine out of my silk robe    does anyone know how to get the wrinkles out?
i think i love this new police lady show    it's kinda like cops meets reno 911 meets a <propmale> <propmale> video   f   yes 
i hate hate hate hall    he's an asshole 
wish i were still asleep   
rain like this makes me kinda want to be a hippy a little bit    but not for real    just for pretend when it's wicked storming 
man     i really don't want to go back to heb to get the things they forgot to put in my bag    lame 
turns out that i'm an idiot and had all my groceries    hooray for not going back to he(ll)b!
i think the cat just figured out that <propfirst> isn't coming home    
i'm gonna go out on a limb here and say    i make awesome tacos!
wish i were still in bed   
i wish i didn't have another nearly $400 electric <propmale> 
man    octomom is messed up 
would rather be singin more than a felling right now   
i wish there was some way i could actually be awake right now   
satellite of love   
wicked f-in' tired   
"ummmm    i suck at trivia, but    i think i love it"
f! yes!  they are putting in a new air conditioner in my apartment right now    i'm freaking out!
holy s!  my air conditioner just turned itself off for the first time since may    i'm flipping out!
i burnt the back of my hand while making cakes today     boo 
i think a ghost is trying to call me on my fake plastic toy pretend cell phone   
i might need a fashion snuggie
is freaked out by her f'd up dreams last night   creepy 
"if anyone is good at geography, obscure music information (ie-geography) or other useless geography based knowledge, you should come to trivia with us next week   "
just discovered that my favorite cas song was written by <propfirst> bowie and iggy pop    bitchen!
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
cake!
or maybe i'll just bake all day instead of doing what i was scheduled for   
man    i love nap time
caught the shit out of that bouquet!
i think facebook is hungover right now   
are you diggin' this air?
"10 hours later, i'm home from work and now i can make caramel!"
i cannot remember when i've been so bored for so much money in my life   
gonna take a hot bath    yes 
what if i don't plan to live the rest of my life in the future?
"ummm, i just broke my computer i think     lame "
"so , i un-broke my computer a little    but still not happy"
"the other day, i was driving home from work, and there was an old man rideing his bike up <propmale> in only a thong "
"ummm, i think bono has lost his fucking mind "
baking is hard and after 11 hours    i'm tired 
i wish my eyes weren't burning    lame 
man!  i just found out why they cancelled reading rainbow and i couldn't be more pissed if i tried!  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
holy crap! creepiest cab ride ever!
man    facebook pirate mode makes me so happy!
"seriously     i hate hall     he's such a gross pile of righteous, self important douchebaggery "
too much nap    oops 
my children need wine!
fuckin' lame 
wish i could figure out what to wear on sunday   
"that's what the elves call \justice of the unicorn\"""""
why can't os mutantes come when i have money???  i think i might cry 
hoy crap!!!!  <propfirst> is amazing! and now i get to go to see os mutantes!!!!  i'm freaking out!
"um, i kinda love crazy make-up party with <propfirst>'s face "
yay!  bedtime!
os mutantes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yay birthday week!
11 1 2 hours of making decorating cookies makes my hand hurt
"also, my hands are a weird greyish black from the food coloring i was using   "
"the venture brothers is something you really need to see from the begining, but damn    even though i have no idea what was going on    i'm still delighted"
had a great birthday and now i'm tired   thanks to all my homies and junk for making it possible and stuff   yeah 
"if you don't like the new fb here is how you can change it back to the old  look at the top left menu and click on more  then drag status updates to the top  after dragging to top, click on it  that becomes your default and it is like before  pass it on "
this year is going to be e playful ensive   
"seriously    hatin' facebook    the \fix\"" i posted earlier dosn't show more than half of people's posts    so now i'm back in weird ass facebook hell"""
i really really <propmale>' want to go to work right now   
gonna go see gogol bordello at a super sweet secret show!  woop woop!
nevermind on the show    but i did get into a fight with one of m best friend and walk home from riverside    that's almost as much fun    right?
"ummm, now i'm sick    lame "
tired of being sick already 
my dog is making really weird noises right now   
this show on about 2012 is hillarious    they have a bunch of fake scientists doing fake e playful eriments based on fake science is awesome    and so are the snaps of real scientists saying these guys are idiots and full of shit   i'm really enjoying this 
i'm sleepy
first attempt at peanut butter fudge    cross your fingers!
today sucked 
an 8 hour day    weird    i forgot what it was like 
<propfirst> and i have a date to go to not see phantom of the opera!  i'm so stoked!
"i'm freaking out!  just looked at my check more closely, and my boss shorted me at $200   i might have to have a shit bird attack tomorrow morning!!!"
i'm wiped 
lame    back to work     hopefully it won't be another 12 hour marathon 
loving my super secret surprise day off!  i will have clean clothes again!
"\i told you so\"""""
neat    nature just happened on my roof 
finally a saturday night when i can go out    somone call me 
"well, i just beat my video game    that's almost as good as going out, right?"
i wish there was magically a pile of dry wood outside my house right now 
this guy on t v 's name is menses  awesome 
ummm    my dog just had audible farts   whoa 
just discovered that i love watching home-made goth dance videos 
thoroughly enjoying pajama day!
i'm cold 
yay!!! finally home!
wonder where i can get ammonium powder in town    hmmmm
what a seriously frustrating day!
keep your fingers crossed that this works!
today freakin' blew ass and tomorrow doesn't look much better   
what a long and rediculous day!
every part of my body hurts 
finally home from work    just a few more hours till i get to go back and do it all again   yay!
god bless the maynaise jug of free left over malbec from the dinner service at work tonight   someone has good taste 
if anyone wants to make some extra scratch tomorrow    gimme a call pronto!
can't wait for friday
wonders how many more movies about teenage boys trying to lose their virginity they can make 
someone needs to call me and pick me up and have pitchers with me     now!
seriously!!  i need social   now!!! please?
just got home from work on my day off   
just made several million pounds of peanut butter fudge for the fam  hope it sets up alright 
i think 15 hours is too long for people to work 
after a 15 hour day    12 feels like a breeze!
i hate today     fucking horrible   just when you think you're okay and having a good time    bam    not so much   gonna cry myself to sleep now 
i'm sooooooooooooooo ready for my 3 days off 
ummm     hot brick toddy laugh elicious
waiting for fudge to cool so you can mix it is boring 
is not going to go downtown dressed like a pregnant teen evere again  unpleasent accedental social e playful eriment   
oh man    i want anvil to win so bad    but i know they're not
awe    and then they won kinda    in japan 
anyone need a baker?
"is running out of tissues, but doesn't want to go out in the cold again to get more    boo "
the universe is awesome    till it joins the greatful dead    then it's not anymore 
yay!!!  i can fix my own computer all by myself!
is being murdered by trees 
it's so gross watching all these women fawning over dr  oz    he's creepy and they are even creepier trying to touch him and professing their love for him   yuck 
the grocery store beccomes extremely e playful ensivee when you don't go for a month and a half 
this lady on divorce court's name is l'reagan   i think stequin is gonna have a sister 
"i never knew the true meaning of \hangover\"" until today """
does anyone know who left their leather jacket here?
insomnia is stupid    and so is your face!
i don't like being cold
hooray for one good thing out of 2010!  still crossing those fingers though   
leopard
still looking or a job     sad 
have i ever mentioned how much i love goodfellas?  coz i do   for real 
cannot wait for the medicine to kick in    i might die if it takes much longer
cross them fingers y'all!
that was like pulling teeth 
totally dig my new job!
"my blistered hands thank you so much <propfemale> racca (mom), for my sweet ass mixer!  gonna break that shit in like whoa tomorrow night!"
so fresh and so clean clean!
man    this brides maid on bridezilla had one of her nipples blurred for the whole show!  classy 
off work early    anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
i just saw <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> damme's butt like 5 times in this movie    not complaning 
"also, 80's movie soundtracks are aweesome "
need a good strawberry rhubarb pie recipe    stat 
i don't want to go to the store    but i need shit for this ding dang pie    boooo 
"i like how the \fur real friends\"" baby birds drink milk from a bottle """
<propfirst> energy are robbers and crooks   and i'm gonna beat them up tomorrow 
"ms  <propfemale> makes the strangest noises when <propfirst> and i yell \bucket of pepsi\""   i freakin' love this bitch!"""
what a weird night 
i've got the shivers like whoa right now 
yay!!!  i'm already home!  now to find some hanging out   
gonna make a curtain!  now the white hot blaze of the sun won't keep me up when i'm trying to go to sleep at 8 am   yay!!!!
"well    just broke my needle on my sewing machine    turns out, <propfemale> plastic balls are not good for peircing "
anyone want to buy me an online subscription to busted magazine?  coz that would rule!
i hate that class more than just about anything 
bored
baking for my roomate    who better fucking love it!
yay!!! gonna be off work in like half an hour!!!! gimme a call to <propfemale> out!  this means you!
okay    gonna be off work early again!  desperately need to have a social life tonight    hit me up!
is freezing
can't get warm today    lame
there is a regional beauty pageant from 1986 on tv right now   wow 
damnit!  i have to wait till tomorrow to watch lost     lame 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
that was a disappointing episode of lost      the rest better be good!
i'm sleepy
guess it's time to go read before bed   
"   because they're invisable, they're almost impossible to see "
come to gadjo disko!!!!!
dying vintage lace    hopefully it works so i don't have to spray paint it    coz that's for my shoes
what a strange night
who dat who dat who dat!!!!!
holy crap!  man or astroman? is gonna play sxsw!  damnit   now i have to go 
now i'm mad     mcdonalds is using an os mutantes song for their comercials   i just threw up in my mouth    a lot 
it's cold as ass balls!
"have i ever told you how much i love being judged?  coz i do   people who don't know me at all, know exactly who i am    better than i do "
"this dude on tv is not only wearing shorts and a sweater, but also getting a rectal exam"
might try my hand at <propmale> cake this year    wish me luck!
"okay, think i'm gonna go play video games now   yay!"
i wanna cry now    i just realized that i don't get to <propfemale> with the fam for mardi gras!  fuckin' lame!
finally finished my <propmale> cake    but doucheyness won't let me post my pic yet    so i'm gonna go to bed now i think    yeah 
the internet is boring today 
ms  <propfemale> is too fat for her coat which i had to let out when i got it poor little angel!
i find    that there is nothing much to do at 4:46 am
except robot unicorn attack    i think i'm in love
"gonna miss <propfirst> and the lys, but i gotta get them ends!"
sxsw is gonna make me cry this year 
yay!  beer and pizza time!
i freakin' hate the dump tuck man    what a f'n douche!
yay!!!!  my ears are finally at a 2g!  i'm so freakin happy!  now i can finally wear kick ass jewlery!
i'm off tonight!!! anyone wana <propfemale> out?
ahhhhhhhhhh  guiness    breakfast of champions!
gwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwar!
does anyone know how to do mash-ups?
gonna go look at a mixer!!!!  i'm freaking out!
"do any of my strong, muscular, titan men friends want to help me move a mixer tomorrow for beer and hugs?"
"for serious!  if any of you strong, smart and masculine men want to help me move this big ass mixer    gimme a call 554-1397"
"also     ummm    if any stong masculine, attractive, smat and awesome men friends of mine would like to be my date fo a wedding    lemme know    same offer stands    beer and hugs "
you talkin to them dirty foot bitches!
good night <propfemale>!
come to caffe medici and halp us move his monster!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   please?
slightly less canky afte my nap    but still done with today 
what a long ass mf day!  i'm so glad it's over!  and special thanks to <propmale> rosales and dustyn <propmale> cope and henrey for helping me out today    y'all are ballers!
is gonna miss man or asto-man?    i think a little part of me just died 
gwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwargwar!  free! come <propfemale> out with me at the show!
yay!!!! time for everyone to go home!!!  woooooooooooooot!
why am i still up???  i think i'm too tied to make decisions fo myself maybe     good night sun 
yay!!!!  actu<propmale>ly made it <propmale> the way through today!
i really realy realy don't want to go to the grocery store    
"not only is it too early to be up    but also, i have too much to accomplish in the next 2 hours     so i guess i should stop dicking around with my computer   "
<propfirst> just calibrated our thermometer with his coolaide!  coz that's how we do!
totally diggin' this whole not doing anything at all thing today     pretty bitchin!
hooray for flat tires and no spare 20 minutes after the last place to get one closes!
2 tires for $70 and a hot hot tire dude to boot!  today is alright so far!
my dog look hillarious when she's trying to jump on the couch with a soup bone in her mouth   
ogden's restaraunt supply is the most awesome kick ass zombie monster murder ghost creepy children villain's lair to buy your kitchen equipment from in <propfirst> texas 
i wonder what it means if you dream about cephalopods all night?
i can't believe i waited 20 years to watch twin peaks
"so    ms  <propfemale>'s garbage can feast has now cost me $300    but at least i learned that she isn't just lazy, but has really bad hip displaysia and is developing arthritis    also, she's prolly lazy too "
i'm off tonight if anyone wants to <propfemale> out    gimme a hollar!
gonna be a rapper!  woot woot!
killin' time before deliveries    wooooo!
holy crap!!!  i almost made a whole rap!
"correction    i believe i have actually completed a whole rap at this time    uh, i'm pretty friggin stoked "
alright folks    i'm off today and tomorrow    hit me up if you wanna do something
what a lovely thing to see first thing in the morning
"pay it forward for creative people: i promise  to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to  this update  they must in turn promise to post this and send something  they made to the first five posters on their own status  the rules are  that it must be handmade by you, and it must be sent to your five people  sometime in 2010 "
i think i need a bottle of whine
why is it that craft stores are always closed when i try to go to them?  seriously!  3 in my neighborhood    all closed 
yay!!!!  finally get to see p funk!
"if anyone knows how to, and would like to for free    i'm gonna need some beats for the raps   "
sketch complete on mystery <propmale> project #1    baller!
gc f'n rocked my shit like whoa tonight!
gonna go babysit my 2nd favorite doggy!  wooot!
getting accosted by some lady named <propfirst> with a mean mean hurty handshake first thing when you wake up is a little intense
the doggies are playing so hard!
what a stupid crappy e playful ensive night
eat some more pills pill head 
woohoo!  2nd job!
"so far    from tokyo gore police, i've learned that japanese people not only have extremely strong hearts, but also at least 3-4 times more blood than we do "
i wish ms  <propfemale> would stop waking me up after an hour    it'd be much easier to get proper sleep if she didn't do that any more 
bootay lovlinass!
"soooo sleepy, but i have to stay up a while longer so i can sleep whoa late  so i can actually make it though tomorrow (today?)"
may as well get this show on the road   
i'm off tonight if anyone wants to <propfemale> out   gimme a hollar!
funk makes even supid online stuff fun!  thanks pandora!
for the record   being called 45 minutes after your shift started is a terrible way to post a schedule 
i really should be asleep   
hooray for house work!  finally!
there's a half naked guy running down the steet fending off whatever invisable creatures are attacking him    or dancing    i can't really tell
omg    fantastic flower wig is tedious!  but will be fucking amazing!!!    pictues to come 
yes    i did just eat a spoonful of tzaziki  don't hate 
yay!!! it's finally bed time!
yay!!!! back down to one job!
poor poor <propmale> howad   
bitchin' thunder!
today i didn't even have to use my a-k   
maybe i can go to sleep now?
omg i'm bored!
i'm sleepy   good night sun!
hooray for bed time!
"you know what would be awesome?  if my bain would leave me alone so i could sleep   that would so totaly rule, marduk!"
what a weird day!
ummm    holy crap!  i think i have the night off!  anyone wanna <propfemale> out?
how did i find myself watching bagpipe competition videos at 7 smile 0 in the moning?
finally!!! a day off!  but i think i'm too tired to do anything with it
anybody wanna <propfemale> out?
so    paanormal activity    ummm    that was kinda lame   kinda sorry i watched it 
cookie recipes are my friend
yay groceries!
finally cleaning my house!  yay!!!!
"maybe i'll go clean something    that's what people do on friday night, right?"
"things i learned from watching robogeisha in foreignese : \1)buildings have high blood pressure  \2)it's common for japanese people to have guns sticking out of their joints (ie- shoulders, knees, etc)\3)sometimes robots really do have tank treads for feet!"
stupid computer stuff pissin' me off and shit!  i'm giving up for today   
stupid
who wants to play with me tonight?
uuuuuuhn   na na   na na
bout to try my hand at some gluten free baking    what what!
ps - don't ever taste uncooked gluten free dough batter   you'll regret it for the est of your life 
holy crap!  fff line-up is amazing!!! please gods of money hook this chick up!
"i'm ballin', everyday, all day "
okay    i'm officially going to fff this year!  feakin' awesome!
i just killed the shit out of a 3lb roach! don't mess with this bitch y'all!
bluh
yay!  going to <propfirst> for no reason!!!  woop!
awesome! i'm cleaning my room and just found an envelope full of cash!  i win!
coffee time is my favorite time!
guh!  what a long ass day!
okay    gonna get this party started    
coming home to a house without a dog squealing with excitement to see you is pretty lame 
ah to be home    now for my doggy and all will be right with the world!
sometimes    getting drunk texts is pretty funny 
i dreamed all about jelly fish last night    
yay!!!! gonna blow up some community service this weekend like whoa!
today + thiss weekend = the suck
what a long day 
"well     at least all the hottest guys kept tipping me and then coming back to thank me profusely for selling them tickets     so, i guess i'm alight with being this tired"
"best quote of the weekend : \   la rucas de budweiser   \"""""
going to bed early is balls when you wake up 3 hours later
uh      there are 6 cop cars blocking my driveway right now
yuck    i just had a weird dream
stupid badass hair piece isn't working      back to the drawing board
yay!!!!    costume!
oh man! my boots are hot!
yay! shower -> work!  woooooooooooooooooooooo!
"where you are, i could spit in your eye     without any strain at all!"
"so    turns out, i'm not a better wrestler than a fireman"
frankenberries!
is it weird to make spaghetti sauce at 6 am?
yay!  gonna have a birthday party!   you're all invited    details on the way!
finally warm    think i'll go to sleep now   yay!
nothing more flattering than a couch-surfing-19-year-old-fresh-out-of-county-porn-actor trying to hollar at you outside your job   
hooray for birthday parties in the country!
yay for hangovers
hooray!  party shopping 90% complete!
oh crap! kurosawa! freakin' genius!
dose anyone know where i can get a hoochie shirt for less than $20?
thank you so much for the birthday love everybody!    y'all are ballers!
the internet is boring me
looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong day!  i never thought miller time would get here!
yay!  i'm off tomorrow (tonight?) night!  i can do some halloween crap if i wanna!
and i've even fixed my costume!
wish i knew where my silver spray paint went   
yay!!!  i found it!  all is right with the world!
stupid crockett  kids!  do your homework!
only 15 minutes left!
today is gonna kick ass! fun fun fun!!!
stretch that animal out on the table and do it's nails!
\sometimes when i feel like killing someone, i do a little trick to calm myself\95c87309246d5ca624e37a638cb24303,you know what's awesome?  when a guy you've been seeing for 2 years brings a date to <propfemale> out with you
much better than yesterday    freakin' sweet!
so so so tired
dealing with shit and moving on     tonight was a good night 
it's marriage cake time!  woooooooo!
fuckin' cake
no no no     communism was just a red herring    
last night was soooooo awesome!
hooray!!!!!  new keyboard!  rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllttttttttttttrrrrrrrrrrr!
funny how clicking on shit on youtube can lead you to the weirdest things you never think about     ie dog+cupcakes - pugs doings cute shit - 2 legged horse - 8 legged baby - chernobyl victims -  conjoined twins - and lastly e playful loded steroid muscles   weird 
i am going to learn how to bounce my booty if it kills me!
hey!  it smells like gumbo in my house!
just saw the new <propmale> potter movie   i want my money back 
gonna start refinishing my new entertainment center!  hooray popeye arms     coz i'm gonna need em!
yayayayayyay!  just bought a book i've been looking for for the past 15+ years!  woooooooo!
my computer just started playing a song i've neer heard before and i don't know where it's coming from    
just called ems on a guy passed out in his car at a stoplight    
for serious    best hackey sack game in a decade 
screwed
officially no longer have a car 
my skin is crawling!
stupid weather is making me sleepy
yay packing!
yay work!
perhaps an outline would make this romance novel project go a little faster    
15 minute sneezebomb    lame 
fml 
"all done!  after nearly 3 years, i'm finally finished!  whoopty whoo!"
damn!  i lost one of my earrings   now i have to go spend a lot of money tomorrow to replace them   booooo 
things fall apart
freaking stoked!  kool <propfirst> and big freedia!  ooooo ooooh!
why is <propfemale> stone so good at playing bat shit crazy bitches?
anybody want to trade lives?
just remembered why i don't take allergy medicine 
hooray for more fucked up broken e playful ensive shit!
blitherypoop
okay    i'm gonna see devo this time if it kills me!
and true to form    i've now lost my keys    on the bus   yay!
all <propfemale> to the hypnotoad
"got my ticket!  now all i have to do is somehow create a magical protective bubble around devo, and i'm all set!"
finally got my fire going!  sweet satisfaction   ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
can you dig it?
arabian's a trapper horse
grrrrrrrrrrrr 
yay!  free beer!?  yes!*
come <propfemale> out with me while i paint my house!  yay!
hooray moving!  if you love carrying heavy things and drinking beer    then come on over this weekend and get ready for the most fun you could ever possibly have!  (512-554-1397)
orange
sweet delicious kung fu
sometimes i like to make super complicated curtains   
uh     is that guy from crass really playing at emo's this month?
<propfemale> jones ftw!  where else can you see <propfemale> winters having a tantrum about heroine?
hooray!  brand new water heater!
austonian!!!
wish i could get out of overdrive mode so can go to bed 
why does everyone in the future always wear sooooo much black leather?  what ever happened to cotton?
"if a webpage is gonna crash on me    it's more tollerable when it says \oh snap\"" instead of \""error 404\"""""
e playful endable
spending my last weekend     alone     working on the house  lame 
"feeling all \hulk smash\"" right now """
yay!  get to go out at a normal time when people are awake and shit !  wooooooo!
o
v
e
d
"eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!\devo!!!!!\at last!!!!!"
i've devolved
guns!
"nothing says \let's sew some drapery!\"" like old school gangster rap """
they say we all gone be dyin' someday    and i believe 'em too!
truck guy just tried to kill me on purpose   kinda freaked out right now 
