d53babc248fd0b279136d76b876f3d99
i hate face book
"wine, dangerous fireworks and a bonfire + my amazing girlfriend = a kick ass new years   smile "
"finally got some new cologne today  versace eau fraiche   smile   just got home from work, got the hick ups for no reason grrr!!!"
"just finished putting together my moms <propmale> table, hope shes surprised to see it in the morning!  smile "
so hungry!  sad 
bagh! so bored  should not be at home on a friday night but here i am  i need more friends that go do things 
"can't sleep, need some one to cuddle with   sad "
going to the gym with my <propmale> <propmale>  be back home later to study 
i'm so sick of washington and our government and a bunch of educated fools completely out of touch with reality thinking they know whats best for everyone  this state of the union address makes me sick  the president is such a closet socialist its infuriating 
done with homework finally!  smile  going to the gym to blow off some steam and get my sexy on  lol
"my mom was nagging at me today, so i backed up and farted on her  it was a great solution to the problem   smile "
study study study   sad 
"just got up from my nap, getting ready to study   smile "
so stocked! i aced my nomenclature test of the skeleton!  smile 
studying    why am i always hungry!? its ridiculous!! i can never shove enough food in my face!! it just burns right up as soon as it gets to my stomach  i'm gunna hafta have a full time job just too feed myself  (pathetic sad face here)
i hope i end up doing good on my personal training test  studying seems to be going ok but i don't know 
i wunna go sledding!
so i pretty much found the worst taste in the world last night  tooth paste and swiss cheese  never mix them  lol blah!
getting ready to go to the gym  lol gunna try my moms p90x movie first   smile  i bet its a joke 
"just found out my dad has a blood clot in his lungs  i think he'll be alright, i have faith "
so much snow! anyone want to go sledding!?!  smile 
"i love my life! just doing some studying  thanking about moving to hawaii once i get a career  its so beautiful there  i wunna be somewhere where its hot all the time, or cold all the time, none of this back and forth nonsense "
studying   life is good  get ahold of me  peace!  smile 
blah! studying again  i'm ready to have some fun! get at me   smile 
"theres something about firing up a motorcycle for the first time in six months that makes you feel alive after you have bin dead all winter  can't wait for summer! can't wait to feel the sun beating down on me  can't wait to go swimming  can't wait to drive around with my windows down, music up loud, and feel the worm air breeze through my car  most of all i can't wait to go ride my crotch rocket and e playful lore!"
photoshopping pictures for  dr  pawlus and getting ready to do my tax's
superdeduper happy today for some reason? lol
"wow sometimes i wonder whats wrong with me  it sucks when theres that one person you can't get out from under your skin  i saw that person today  my stomach knotted up, my heart jumped up in my throat and my mind went blank  i hate it, i just want to forget that person exists  whys that so hard?"
"omg it feels so good outside, time to bust out my crotch rocket! anyone wunna go?"
life is good   smile 
so i definitely cut my nipple shaving    > sad 
overwhelmed           
upset   
scum of the earth   
"today, is a good day   smile  \studying\"" and then hanging out with <propfirst> tonight """
yay! rain! i love the rain   smile 
looking for a job!!! any ideas anyone?
"just about done with all my emt homework this week, feels good to be caught up   laugh "
"so i just projectile vomited spaghetti and meat balls and a protein shake and various <propfemale> international products  man, i have some lovely tastes in my mouth right now     annoyed \"
i pwn homework!
"portishead - <propfemale> box    found my new favorite genre, \trip hop\""  makes me feel relaxed """
ingested 4000 calories today   i feel like a fat cow    indecision 
"ugh, i finally get to sleep, after all day of wanting it so badly, i finally get to sleep  sleep is good   smile "
new laptop!  smile 
photoshopping  smile 
"had a killer abb workout today, must be due to the large amounts of caffeine i have ingested  *studying*"
"marry birthday to me!!!!  laugh  its my birthday, its beautiful outside and i get to spend tonight with my beautiful girlfriend <propfirst> murrey  today is a good day    smile "
had a great birthday  thanks to everyone for there birthday wishes! i'm so glad i realize whats important in life and i'm not running around chasing everything that's not 
i want something to do that's worth the time that i spend from my life e playful ectancy 
just slept for 13 hours straight  i woke up with the most peaceful content feeling ever  every muscle in my body is completely tension free  i have nothing to do today but study and do laundry  i have the most amazing girl coming to see me tonight after she gets off work  life = amazing
so i'm going to aruba next summer  a <propfemale> tropical island 19 <propmale> long and 5 <propmale> wide with <propfemale> clear water  ***stoked***
what if every time you looked at old ladies they tried to eat you?
homework     sad 
bagh!! my book says nothing about blood stasis! > sad 
happy thanksgiving!  laugh 
protein shakes made with water suck big meaty balls   
enjoy now  enjoy today  enjoy everything that you possibly can to the full extent at witch it can be enjoyed  let nothing slip through your admiration only to realize how worthy it was of it later 
ketogenesis = midnight diet soda runs  
"yeah, i call it how i see ya  i wish i never met ya, i wouldn’t wanna be ya  p-ssy ass n-gga i don’t wnat your gonorrhea  p-ssy ass n-gga i don’t wnat your gonorrhea "
"snowboarding, sledding, and tubbing needs to happen soon!"
"\great people talk about ideas  regular people talk about things  small people talk about other people \"""""
"clouds come floating into my life, no longer to <propfemale> rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky "
passed my practicals! now i get to pass out for the day   smile  proud of myself    
"\you know what? i'm a freakin bodybuilder!\"" - <propmale> <propmale> steel"""
meow  smile 
can't freakin sleep! makes me wunna punch babys    > sad 
in evansville   just got rained out from work  sad  in the hotel studying for my emt state exam 
i heart rainy days  smile 
i'm thankful to be alive and grateful for all the people in my life 
passed my state emt-b exam!!!!!
battle: los <propfemale>     best movie i'v seen in a long time  finally an old fashioned story line like the good'ol days   smile 
"completely worn out from all the excitement today, ready to go to bed and sleep till i can't anymore  "
my girl + spaghetti factory + supercross 2011 = a pretty kick ass saturday   laugh  posting pictures soon  
"eat, gym, clean my car out "
who said it could not be done? and what great victories has he to his credit which qualify him to judge others accurately? - <propmale> hill 
"don't be afraid of a little opposition  remember that the \kite\"" of success generally rises against the wind of adversity - not with it!"""
"render more service than that for which you are paid and you will soon be paid for more than you render  the law of \increasing returns\"" takes care of this """
"every failure is a blessing in disguise, providing it teaches some needed lesson one could not have learned without it  most so-called failures are only temporary defeats "
trying to find a new bank and i'm so lost   
really wunna go to the gym for a second time today  but i know i shouldin't  sad 
enjoying the morning rain  who said we were all supposed to hate rain? who said we were supposed to hate alot of things for that matter?
fortune favors the bold 
