5020b93d8067aeaeb338b475800f857b
"looking for a job today down in arizona, should be fun, or not   "
"i just realized how much i miss you all you guys  i would do anything to get back believe me  just in case you didn't know, i love you guys  just wanted to say that in case i never got another <propmale>  i mean it too  all you stay out of trouble!  smile "
coming to utah in a week i am so excited  love you all  you know who you are   smile 
"saw my mom for the first time in five years today  this is like the happiest day of my life  she is so beautiful and i missed her so much  i just can't get over it  i will for sure put pics up when i can  i want all my friends to see her, especially my friends in the real world, not just facebook  you know who you are "
"<propmale> and sis  hartley, happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rock on!!!!!!!!!!"
"poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a good \friend  inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on \this if we have good memories    i am brave enough to copy and paste this, but i am doing it for my own reasons   smile "
"it was a good idea though so thanks <propfemale>   smile \i give credit to you "
my phone finally works again i am so happy!  smile 
"had an amazing day  institute dances are the best, the only down side is going to be my voice tomorrow    or the lack of one "
attention facebookers! there is a safetysuit concert at uvu the 18th  great band 15 bucks to get in  who wants to go with me? (yeah exciting right?)  smile 
has a problem  a big one  it hurts a lot and i don't want it to get leaked out to  or upon anybody so    i hope you enjoyed that  you know who you are people 
"anyone gong to go to the safetysuit concert with me? look on smithtix, i think that is it, for more info, hurry though cause it is tomorrow  i don't think it is sold out so tell me soon "
had an amazing night which then became thought provoking and a flood of emotions  safetysuit is amazing 
i am bored txt me anybody  just for fun 
whoop!- genius
"hey everybody, i can get someone a free ticket to a 30 seconds to mars, neon trees, and new politics concert at uvu tonight at 7  who would want to go? could be fun, could be a date, or a man date, depending on your gender  let me know asap and a phone number so i can get a hold of you  or call me at 480- 238-8832 "
"today has been super strange  grocery shopping this moring with <propmale> and helaman  great stuff, but it cos 100 bucks  what a rip off   smile  i blame obama  who else is there to blame? perfect scrapgot "
whoever was txting me today should just tell me cause that ws just gay  a definant whoop!
i have come to the realization that three days grace is a way legit band  say something if you agree 
had an interesting lunch with <propfemale> and <propmale>  go liahona friends!  smile 
"so me, <propmale>, and helaman were just driving and decided to go to the liahona building  we are in the parking lot and i see this person with a hoodie just standing there and i was like there is a person here  we all freaked out and drove right out of there as fast as we could, screaming high pitched like girls  funniest thing ever  you should of heard me, i am sure all the dogs did "
if anyone has boardwalk tell me cause i have park place   smile 
"is amazed at how 95% of my facebook friends never talk to me and don't really know who the heck i am  without my name attached to my face on fb, they wouldn't even know my name  so much for making friends   "
anyone (guys only) looking for cheap housing by uvu whose contract goes till the end of april? let me know 
"says, and i quote, \ your so mean!!!!\"""""
life is suckin a lot right about now 
thnks fr th mmrs!
losing grip is a great song  look it up  it's by seven wiser  exactly how i feel everyday 
"had a great night, best in a while actually  thanks my broseph <propmale>  your the best <propmale>! and thanks for the laughs afterwards <propmale>, helaman, <propmale>, and <propfirst>  great times!"
"guess what? prayers were answered and i got my hair cut and it is pretty good  amazing right? nah, it is ok  you can pee your pants out of excitment if you want  it's ok "
last night my apartment complex fire alarm went off  all these college kids were outside freezing waiting to see smoke  of course it was a prank and we were all not happy campers  oh forgot to mention all this was happening at 1 smile 0 in the morning  gotta love it 
"had quite the up and down week and weekend, but probably the best week ever  thanks for all those who made it that "
saw my brother for the first time in like half a year  that was cool  seeing family again was nice 
"so get this  i first went to eat with my dad, which was nice  then we went to the bookstore to sell my books and i got like over 300 bucks, more than i thought i was going to get  the place was hiring, so i asked about it  the guy hired me right then and there! i have a job! it's seasonal and part time, and ends like in a month, but it's a job! haha i am so happy  thought all of you should know  life is great!"
haha people who are doing your papers right now while on facebook; such noobs  have fun with that! haha i am sorry for you guys though 
snyone want to take me to walmart?
christmas with my family was amazing  glad they let me come  i have food now  oh yeah    i love my family 
"it's 4 surprise 3, and i can't sleep  without you next to me i toss and turn like the sea  _ shinedown  these guys speak the gospel truth "
this friday has been so boring  i haven't had a friday this boring since    last friday 
robot chicken season 5 starts tonight! yes!
"everyone, if you didn't already see mitchs even he created, go to aarons farewell this sunday at 11 surprise 0am in lehi  that will be all "
"grocery list: dr pepper <propfemale> 12 pack, coco crispies, capt crunch, chocolate milk, bbq chips  that's what i am eating  should be dead with kinda diet   smile "
had one of the best nights of my life  thank you <propfemale> and <propmale>  you guys are the best 
wish i had my buds here with me to figure out just what my game plan should be while i am here  i figure i will need to get some food item similar to pizza  that will be the first order of business to attend to 
"thanks for everybody that posted for my bday! it was a pretty good day, not gonna lie  thanks guys  you the best "
