5024b383b153312a0c988cc2cabde849
im in a bad fuckin mood
bored watchin the pistons lose
bored as fuck
chillin at home  annoyed 
tired and confused as hell
lions fuckin suck
finaly just got home    good day
its too damn cold
its been a long ass day im tired
worried
got my new phone 739-5289
cold
dont wanna go back to school
i hate false acusations
im so damn bored        fuck this
damn i dont wanna go back to school 2marrow
blasting music and just relaxin     
gettin a haircut today   
"tired, its been a long ass day    "
gotta write this damn essay on <propmale> caesar  annoyed      wtf!
its too damn early!
im so damn bored!!!and just drank a 2 liter of mtn dew so im not gunna sleep at all    wtf
"just got home   tired as hell, bout to watch the wings win!"
realllly dont wanna go to school today    
<propfemale> unbeleavably pissed the fuck off!!!!!!!!!!
fuck this!!!!!!!!!!!!
its been a very up and down weekend    kinda glad its over  annoyed  
just got back from st sabastion it was fun as hell!
bored as hellll   school needs to end!
hiiii its karennnn
sittin in taylors class boredd as helll!
fuck this   
tired nd pissed fml im goin to bed
bored as hell   need somthin to do today
i hav never been so fuckin pissed off in my life    
bored as hell   need somthin to do today  
y the hell am i still up?? fuck it  its too late to go to bed now
boredd as hell
goin to homecoming soon
im sooo damn boredddd    
got a new phone and number  3136465839  so ya
<propfirst> was here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
damn   i soooo dont wanna go to school tomarrow  annoyed  
is wayyy too damn tiredd    
sittin in class bored as hell   
i rlly dont wanna go to school
gettin a haircut tomarrow?
"state fans hav no reason to get cocky, the game went ther way today but weather they wanna admit it or not we all know michigans the better team"
fuckk school   
just woke up   bout to go watch some football!
"ive seen it all, done it all, but cant remember most of it   "
rule #1   i am always right  rule #2   if i am wrong please refer to rule #1
"drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green  "
i hate having to make complicated decisions annoyed   
"wow the lions actually won and i was there   and now i get to see monday night football at ford feild for free and im not evn goin to school tomarrow either, wuta good ass day!"
just got my new phone but had to get my number changed 313 686 6060
fuck it   i think ive finally givin up completely   
smashin on some good ass chicken at bdubs waitin for monday night football to start
wtf is there to do today   
"ive been right, ive been left, ive been wrong, ive been left   behind"
tylers a gumpy fuckface bitch
fuckk finals  i wanna go home!
fuckk   idk y i keep diggin myself into a deeper hole fml!
in class and i actually feel like gettin some work done    so ill just sit here till tht feeling passes
damnit my phones broken!!   again
y do i always hav to fuck things up?   
fuck everything idek wut the fuck to do now  
omfg iv never been so bored in my life   sittin in the cafateria and everyones completely spaced out so theres no talking no nothing its too damn quite   im bout to go insane!
look outside   hell has officially frozen over   fuck this snow!
fuck it i give up   
im seriously about to fuckin lose it!
"the unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it  because its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last  stone crumbles  wood rots  people die  but things as such as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on   "
