f7acafa4fdd40e4aa7134fbf611203f2
"is very proud of herself   she was able to stay on her horse, storm, while bareback and as he was trotting "
"i had a riding lesson yesterday    long story short, i fell off storm and my elbow hit my rib, my head hit and i blacked out   mom took me to the chiropractor to adjust my back but he took x-rays and said it looked as though i cracked a rib, so he couldn'"
"is thankful for the many people in her life, even if they make her sit around the house because of an injury   never take anything, even your body, for granted, you will wish you hadn't   you never realize how much you use it until you can't anymore   "
"is ready for vbs, and can't wait to see which child god wants her to focus on for him this coming week "
"is thankful that <propmale> and conner's rides on storm went well   great job, storm!"
"is pleased with how well storm did today in our \training\"" session """
worked with storm today   it was an ok time   
has an interview at four county today at noon   wish me luck!
had a good interview   he was really impressed with my answers 
is here   
is happy!  she got 98 100 on her u s  govt  test!
wonders about life    but only wonders  wink 
won an ipod! this is what happens when you put your name in a drawing and then forget about it!
"got a 100% on my lab <propmale>, in spanish, and a 81 100 on my test!!!!!! i have a \c\""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
has been reading in exodus   
's 8gb ipod touch came today
really needs to study spanish  
"thinks life could get better    but before anything gets better, it gets worse"
is thankful for the family around her and how loving they are 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"the kansas roses < http annoyed  www amazon com kansas-roses-leah-rose dp 1441407669 ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&s=books&qid=1259642947&sr=8-1 > tales of the equine  < http annoyed  www amazon com tales-equine-leah-rose dp 1449584276 ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&s=books&qid=1259643006&sr=1-1 > the kansas roses is by me!  however, tales of the equine, may have my name on it, but <propfemale> is also my co-author!"
i don't understand why beef is so e playful ensive    so many people are having cows!
has a lab test she's taking soon    it will  be 1 of the 5 i have to take of the 7 avaliable 
should be doing homework    
has a lot to do today   
"can't get her partial transcript sent off because she can't print it off, because she can't get to the site with it because it's down until tomorrow "
is here    in her room     thinking about how she should arrange it on saturday   moving things around is hard work    better have enough sleep to keep good energy    speaking of sleep    that is where i am heading now 
life is good   eternal life is better 
"has nothing really to do except work on her story, \we three kings\"" message me and ask about it or email me here and i'll send you a clip of it """
"has a lot more written in her story, we three kings   too bad you aren't interested   wink "
is having fun writing!
"ephesians 4:26-27 (<propmale> <propfirst> version) (26) be ye angry, and sin not: let not the sun go down upon your wrath: (27) neither give place to the devil "
"what a night!  at about 1am today, the smoke alarm went off because someone wanted popcorn and overcooked it!!! so everyone in this dorm had to get up and go outside in the cold, until the fire department got here   what a great fire drill!  the only thing i grabbed in my annoyed sleepy state was my keys, phone, and the blanket i had on (the one aunt <propfirst> <propfemale> gave me)   oh and how are you this morning?"
"i'm home for the week!  hopefuly it stays nice so i can beat <propmale> at tennis again!  he's really good at it   better than i am, which makes it great when i win   it's a fun sport "
"i'm almost done packing   almost like the end of camp   the want to stay with your friends, but the <propfemale> to head home and see your beloved family "
spring semester grades >>> elementary <propmale> - a ::: humanities iv - a ::: music methods - a ::: college orientation ii - a ::: child abuse - a ::: physical science - b ::: developmental psychology - b
"today is \give your mom a flower day\"""""
heading back to work soon
i am enjoying my day off!!! muhahahahahahaha
sometimes when people say you are wise it really means they hear god speaking rather than you  we are not at all wise and true wisdom belongs to god alone 
"i don't know if i should be happy the summer is over and school starting or sad that it went so fast and time became my enemy  i will miss my hope group, you were the best  taught me a lot "
why is saying good-bye so hard? i will totally miss my hyper girl and the little boy who tackled me whenever he had the <propmale>  i cried while taking him home and he looked at me with understanding big brown eyes  *sniff*
on my lunch break until 4   i am only a little more than 5 hours away from the end of my job at g&w!
"the trouble about trying to make yourself stupider than you really are is that you very often succeed \  - c  s  <propfirst>"
"so i got here yesterday, had fun unpacking with <propfemale>, enjoyed my first day without anyone i know today   <propfirst> <propmale> out with me and i almost worked her to death  wink  jk  we did a lot of exercising!"
god is good!  i got a refund check and it was enough to buy the books i needed to get   all i have left book wise is picking the ones up from home when they get there 
i'm nervous about my classes   i wonder what they will be like and the personalities of my prof s should be fun to figure out 
i am applying for jobs   i am hoping something comes through soon    pray that it does!
"so i have applied at so many places and no reply has come   i am praying something does and thanking god for the job he is giving me, but sometimes it is hard to wait   wil you please pray that a job comes through for me?  thanks!"
"i have a job!  so it's only 8 hours a week, it's still a job   i'm going to continue to look for another job but thank god for the job anyway!  thank you, jesus!"
i love this school! they normally have pizza but chicken <propmale>? my favorite!
i am doing homework   and  *whispers*(studying)*
"thanks to my family growing up on macintosh computers, i got a job in a computer music lab with these computers and get paid to study and do homework while monitoring the lab   laugh  i love my job!  thank you jesus   i also got four more work hours added to my schedule!"
i don't think i am ready for classes yet
i hate apa writing style!
"dear fear of heights, i am done with you  you cannot hold me back  i am leaving you for good this time  you may stand waiting to take me back but your wait will be forever  i have a new love, his name is jesus and he won't put up with you anymore  we are through  i have begun my new life without you through vaulting and tumbling, what a joy it will be to defeat your attempts to pull me back  good bye forever \~leah"
i am thinking of planning a get together at my dorm     card night anyone?
watching facing the giants
is praying that all of sek is kept safe and little damage is done there  plus that it is way out of my area so i can do tumbling tomorrow
is thinking a lot of what i learn in class e playful lains things that i witnessed happen
so i went to pizza hut here and asked for a job  god had led me to the right one and i got the job right then and there  god is so good! i start tomorrow  so i can't go to the ren  festival but i have another job to help pay bills  and i get to continue tumbling!!!!
i hate studying! it is time consuming!
"got a lot to do today  i am interviewing a social worker at 11, working in the lab from 1-5, then at 5 smile 0-9 smile 0 working at pizza hut"
what to do? what to do? i am at a split and i don't know what to do   any advice? here is the scenario: on oct  2 psu and their rivals mssu play football  my tumbling instructor is from mssu and is a yell-leader  i am only going to the game because he asked me to  who do i cheer for? psu or mssu? what do you think?
i will sit on mssu's side at the game  hopefully my instructor will spot me  i am only going because he asked me to 
"i think god asks stuff of us to see if we really rely on him   he never asks of us things we cannot do, but things he knows we can do but we only think we cannot "
"see ya peoples at the game  if i see ya from mssu side, i'll wave  wink "
"even though mssu lost 24-21 to psu, they still played good and i am not ashamed to have cheered for them "
"life could get worse and in my case i am praying it doesn't  here's why, i have 5-7 papers to write, three interviews, and to top it off, my 3-4 year old laptop, is pretty much dead  it'll start up but do nothing else  i'm also hoping i can get ahold of my anxiety level so i hold everything together  sigh, don't you just love life?"
"\never alone\"" by barlow girl"""
"i find having to write done on notecards, what i want in my paper from the articles i have, is a waste of time  i could just as easily place it in a word document and go from there but we have to use notecards and turn those in too  sigh, i find it annoying  thus facebook rather than writing the paper"
so i ran this morning    ok it was more like walking but i still enjoyed my time with god
"i am getting farther on the papers due next week, but i really want to quit    facebook stop being so easy to go to    i need to go back to working on the papers    "
"november 5, 2010 - in your hearts are the birdsand the sunshine, in your thoughts the brooklet's flow, but in mine is the wind of autumn, and the first fall of the snow  ~children (longfellow birthday book)"
"alas! the world is full of peril! the path that runs through the fairest meads, on the sunniest side of the valley, leads into a reagion bleak and sterile! ~the <propfemale> legend (longfellow birthday book)"
"my life is cold, and dark, and dreary; it rains, and the wind is never weary; my thoughts still cling to the moldering past, but the hopes of youth fall thick in the blast, and the days"
"i dislike having to write papers    yes i prefer them over tests i can't use notes in, but still   the ethical dilemma is an interesting one to pull together   "
"happy <propmale> thou, as if every day thou hast picked up a horseshoe  ~evangeline  (longfellow birthday book)"
"loud from its <propmale> caverns, the deep-voiced neighboring ocean speaks, and in accents disconsolate answers the wail or the <propmale>  ~ <propfemale> (longfellow birthday book)"
"the one alone my thoughts arise, the eternal truth, - the good and wise, - to him i cry  ~coplas de manrique (longfellow birthday book)"
"you know, i wasn't crazy when i told you that my favorite tv show was road rovers   here's some info on them: http annoyed  en wikipedia org wiki road_rovers"
"time to party!!!! i got another paper done!  so it's being reviewed first, but still!  one more done on the loonngg list of papers coming up"
"<propfemale> sends me a pic message sayin i got mail at home & it's about ciggarettes   in the message she says, \lol  quit smoking!\""\",f7acafa4fdd40e4aa7134fbf611203f2,"i thank god that i am a faithful student who only has three classes meeting and i choose not to skip my 6 surprise 0pm class when the other two ended at 12 smile 0pm!!!! now i \get\"" to drive in the dark  so much for picking up geocaches on my way home  bummer"""
so what do i do?  i have no homework left to do    my presentation for tomorrow is great as is and i don't want to change its greatness    what do i do?  facebook isn't very interesting   
"ringing, singing on its way, the world revolved from night to day, a voice, a chime, a chant sublime, of peace on earth, good-will to men  ~christmas bells (longfellow birthday book)"
watched two ncis episodes  now on to two ncis: los <propfemale> episodes
i paid the last bit of my truck <propfemale>!!!! time to party!!!!
"change your fb profile picture to your favorite cartoon from your childhood the goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status, invite your friends to do the same "
i am glad god monitors us to know if he needs to remind us of the strength we have in him and that we know how to use it because he's trained us to use it 
well    the count down to the end of the semester is officially started! 9 days!
"well it wasn't burnt macaroni and tin foil or 1am (ccc students from last semester will know what i mean), but it's still cold when you have to go outside because the fire alarm went off   but it was a false alarm!  someone burnt popcorn  *rolls eyes*"
8 days until the last day of school   however i will not be leaving until friday morning 
i have my christmas shopping out of the way   except <propfemale>'s gift     what to get her    any ideas all?
7 days till the end of the semester
"i learned a valuable lesson from god tonight   i had asked him for power and strength for tumbling tonight   he taught me that we should not just ask for power unless we know how to use it   yes, i have had his power surge through my muscles and it was a feeling that i <propfemale>, just to have his strength run through my body, and a limited dose of strength at that too, but that was not the lesson for tonight    "
6 days until the end of this semester!
"<propfemale> and i went to see the new narnia last night in joplin at a 9:45pm showing  it was great and the best part about not working until 5pm today, i'm going to catch up on that sleep we didn't get because of the late night"
five days!
"4 days left!  today is my last at pizza hut until next semester, and i have wednesday for my last day in the computer lab until next semester"
my dead ipod is thinking about living again!!!!!! it wants me to charge it again    maybe it'll decide living is a great idea!
"question for everyone: if you could only ask for one thing from god when you got to heaven, what would it be?"
"3 days left  one more final done, three more tests to go"
only two days left before i can head home!
"i leave tomorrow at 9ish and will take <propfemale> home, then be home for dinner"
i am home!
i am thankful to be able to come home for christmas break and relax
live life for god and fulfil the mission he has set up for you 
why do we say sweet dreams before bed? sometimes the sweetest dream would be no dream but a restful night 
when does different learning styles become mental disorders?
