2eceb5b7481ca458a7b8e25fd3fea74d
it was a dreary first day of the year   great reason to stay home and cuddle smile 
it's too dang cold for a walk  brrrr!
without consequences there would be no order 
had so much fun at her flower girl's birthday party!
starts work tomorrow!
is updating her wedding registries   not that most people would use them   but just in case 
is not liking all the pollen bothering her sinuses!
had a great bridal shower! thanks to everyone who could come 
wants to watch tru blood season 2!
can't wait to go to her friends baby shower this weekend!
had a great time at the baby shower! tomorrow to the movies for halloween ii   can't wait!
is officially on her 3 day weekend!
just got her wedding dress back and she love's it!!!
loves seeing all the halloween stuff coming out in stores!
had a long day at work and is ready to veg out and watch some law and order 
better not be getting sick!!!
1 month and 5 days till the wedding!!!
it's mrs  holmes to you wink 
can't wait to sleep in on the weekend!
breath is just a clock ticking   
happy thanksgiving!!!
just enjoyed a cup of hot chocolate wink 
baking cookies and watching crimminal minds 
is not ready to go back to work already  where did the weekend go?
the world is full of takers and they call themselves your friend 
is about to take some nyquil so she can actually sleep!
"well, i'm starting to feel better, but now <propmale> is sick  just can't win  lol "
is taking a short break from writing christmas cards 
worked all day then went christmas shopping and is now exhausted! lol 
so had intentions of going to the work christmas party until she took a shower 
is watching <propmale> season 4 all day with her husband smile 
is making gingerbread cookies  yummy!
"by the lakes that thus outspread     their lone waters, lone and dead, --     their sad waters, sad and chilly     with the snows of the lolling <propfemale>, --      ---<propmale> <propfirst> poe"
hopes everyone has a good and safe holiday!
i'll always be a work in process 
didn't go to the zoo today because she's miserable! so going back to sleep now sad 
the days pass by like the wind 
"i think i'm allergic to holidays cause everytime we have one i end up getting sick  seriously, i hope to make it through monday "
"today i was referred to as \a bolt of sunshine \"""""
a restless heart with no where to roam 
i love coming home to a grilled cheese sandwhich 
is feeling very loved  thank you harc family for the cake and breakfast! its never goodbye   just see ya later love 
"que sera, sera, whatever will be, will be the future's not ours, to see que sera, sera what will be, will be "
we are no different than animals  we act on our instincts   to seek pleasure and avoid pain 
sometimes i like to just fade into the shadows and watch the show 
"for some reason, i don't enjoy the rain as much when i'm out in it  lol"
when life get's to be too much   simplify 
sorting through stuff to give away and listening to type o negatives' cover of the stones 'paint it black '
just brought a big load of stuff to goodwill and feel great!
not getting as much done today  but at least i ordered pizza  lol 
"finally, i got more packing done after some pizza  time to get off the computer again and keep going  lol "
spent a little under twelve hours painting yesterday 
life is seeping into my veins again 
the time of change is coming   this monday!!!
really enjoyed watching howl's moving castle 
can't sleep   
goodbye tampa!
can't sleep so i'm watching transporter 3 
moving at snail-speed today 
going to see a friend for lunch 
bought four deep red <propfemale>'s today and i can't wait to plant them 
i watched quarantine last night  it was really scary! glad i didn't seen in theaters cause i screamed a few times  lol 
found my paint and brushes now i'm looking for my ideas  sigh 
got a much needed haircut today  maybe tomorrow i'll dye it as well 
might go to the zoo on monday if it doesn't rain!
is e playful eriencing quite a gloomy sunday 
is becoming quite the night owl 
had a very productive day!
spent a lovely day at the dog park smile 
"is about to watch \castle in the sky \"""""
today came and went and i was none the wiser 
"listening to cardinals chirpping, bugs screeching, and the hum of the ceiling fan as i read wicked on the couch "
"dying is easy, living is the hard part "
had a fun night with her brother smile 
"1  social work (starting annual salary: $33,400; mid-career annual salary: $41,600)\\they say that crime doesn't pay  as this list seems to point out, neither does helping people  so it's a good thing that many college students seem to believe that helping others is its own reward  because they sure as hell don't pay well "
"i don't consider myself very materialistic, but the average pay for social workers is just depressing! theology majors get paid more than us on average "
nothing says dinner like a crock-pot stew made by mom smile 
going round and round on the hampster wheel   
despises living in an appartment  damn neighbors always waking me up!
"\days like this i don't know what to do with myself all day--and all night\"" <propfemale> apple"""
"and if you wanna make sense,watcha looking at me for, i'm no good at math-a mistake, <propfemale> apple"
had a great time playing trivia at liam fitzpatricks with <propfemale> tatum-welker!
"every day we're getting closer\the sun is getting dim\will we pay for who we've been\-<propfemale> <propmale>"
i only want what i can't have 
"there are times you have to go down before you can go up  then there are times when you have to go everywhere, but where you want to go "
is not feeling so hot today sad  hope whatever it is doesn't last long 
is getting over whatever she had yesterday 
forever looking for a job sad 
i feel my degree in social work is useless   at least in this state 
"ok, so i thought it's just been my allergies bothering me for the past week and a half, but it turns out i have an upper respritory infection  yay  annoyed "
finally over the upper respiratory infection!
dealing with a water leak in the laundry room  always something 
just added another notch to my failure belt   
got to see dispicable me finally  it was worth the wait i really do enjoy those little green minions smile 
i haven't had my hair this short since 4th grade!
happy friday the 13th!
going to the brevard zoo tomorrow  yay!
i really think i was a cat in a previous life 
going to miss not going to dragon con   again sad 
my brother is a programming genious for fixing my computer game in less than 10 minutes!!! thanks <propfirst>  love 
"its tragic that i couldn't live when i was younger, but now that i can, sometimes i'm afraid to "
looks forward to a change in temperature 
listening to depeche mode and the rain outside 
my weekend is going to be awesome in st  <propfirst>!
going on a ghost tour pub crawl tonight  weeeeeeeeeee!
found a place that makes really good sangria 
after about 12 years a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders  i can't help but feel my carholic upbringing didn't help  they love to make people feel guilty 
i'm pleased to say it did not rain all weekend  though sometimes as we walked under the hot sun i wished it did  hehe 
i could not sleep to save my life last night  finally got three hours in before i had to wake up  now its time for a nap 
"its so silly to me  animal planet channel has a show called animal's behaving badly, but are they really animals behaving like animals?"
four hours from now i'll be in south <propfemale>  woo-hoo!!!
"charleston doesn't look like what i e playful ected, but there is plenty to do!"
"went to middleton place, a plantation 30 minutes from charleston  beautiful! spent half the day there  tomorrow is shopping in the historic district  woo-hoo!"
time is going by too fast  i'll be heading to <propfemale> soon enough!
i forgot how cool <propfemale> is 
ghost tour+pub crawl=you can't loose
i can see myself getting into lot's of trouble if i lived in <propfemale>  wink 
is ready to go on another vacation already  lol
ready to move to <propfemale> 
i took at least 200 pictures while on vacation  that's way too many to edit in one sitting!
going to spend time with my younger brother this weekend  woo-hoo!
spooky empire is 6 days away! who's going?
tomorrow will be a better day   
"buy me a drink, sing me a song\take me as i come cause i can't stay long"
there are too many fun things to do at this time of year! we need to spread it out a little more 
i'm awakw against my will 
is in so much discomfort she cannot sleep  hope i'm not coming down with something  sad 
"while petting my cat, i really wish she would remember to swallow  i don't care to suddenly feel saliva oozing down my hand or arm  thanks kitteh!"
going to a bridal shower   free cake! woo-hoo!!!
edited some photos   ate some crackers   over all a good day 
needs help finding two cat's a good home each in <propmale> area  if you know an organization that can help or someone interested in having a cat please contact me  please do not even mention the humane society or aspca because i refuse to bring them there 
"is annoyed when she feels tired, but her mind refuses to go into sleep mode "
about to give murphy an oatmeal bath!
"now that i cleaned up the place some, its time for a shower then off to bed! hope i can actually sleep this time "
"did i mention, i finally got a job  i start monday  i'll miss all my free time, but look forward to working again "
"sweated my ass off today looking around at the mt  <propfemale> craft festival, but it was worth it "
i am soooo tired after my first day  as soon as i got home i took a face-plant into the bed  still have a lot to do before tomorrow 
when overwhelmed   eat chocolate for dinner  lol
almost done with online training from work  i realize with this job i'm going to have a crazy schedule   should be intersting   and just when i started being more social again 
having a wonderful day with my husband on our anniversary  hope everyone else is having a good time smile   happy halloween!
"don't e playful ect to be on here much now that i'm working  if you need me, text me "
"needs to move out of these over-priced apartments! you know of any house townhome apartment for rent that's west of sanfor, email me!"
"seriously, if anyone knows of a place to rent, i wanna know!"
making <propmale> some birthday brownies!
looking forward to coming into work later tomorrow smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!
thank you so much everyone for the birthday wishes   i feel loved  hope everyone has a great day!
can't wait to have two weeks being off-call   whenever that is 
is in the mood to bake something!
fuck tron   tired of hearing about it  and happy holidays smile 
"i hope everyone had a great christmas kwanza celebrations whatever  and by the way, fuck new year's <propfemale> "
wants to go back to school to get her master's 
"define: \helping\"" people as it relates to social work """
mentally exhausted and missing my friends 
"good news is i have lot's more time on my hands, bad news is i need to find a new job "
keeping my <propfemale> up and staying busy 
"if you can talk, you can sing "
i want to be any where but here   yet there's no place i'd rather be 
guitar hero-smash hits+singing husband+me on bass=really good times!
i need to have some fun  i wanna have picture taking time  any body up for doing that in the next week or so?
got my hair did today and i feel sexy   thanks to my stylist <propfemale> ruiz!  love 
