469cbdb8cf51a6c4bd47a2e1ff47e68b
i'm getting mind raped by my gf
wow i have a headache
multitasking like a f'ing god 
doesn't have any plans today 
"next year, check out the big slides set up on the mississippi near brownsville around the 4th of july! if you hurry it may still be set up "
is passing the time 
is rampaging through the social internet 
"having a yard sale this weekend, if anyone's passing through hokah, check it out "
i need a car!!!
no longer wants to look at another ear of corn    ever!!!
what's everybody been up to? hit me up man! haven't herd from most of you for over a year!
how do the parents ever get fat when they have to take care of little kids?
my stomach's talking 
how many replies will i get i wonder 
"haven't slept in two days  cause i have no memory card for the ps2, i have been trying to play the games all the way through without saving "
gimme some money! i'm broke! lol     no seriously 
"watchin' district 9, not too bad so far "
"i wonder how many gigs of space i download, read, and delete in a month "
be on at 2 gimme some contact with the real world!!
will do anything for a car right now!
gimme food rawr!!!
is incredibly bored 
rawr
"i got a buzz-cut, lol "
soooo sleepy 
"goin' down to indiana, visiting a friend for a week "
waiting to get my new 360 
"mmm, brownies  ^ ^"
"crawls to nearest computer to complain about not having a job  (instert complaint here) spends rest of time browsing internet for porn, lol, jk "
having relationship issues 
i gotta job!!!!!!!!!!!!
i don't have any good pictures of me 
is dressed in a white business suit  very spiffy   laugh 
thinks disgaia 2 is a really complicated game if you're a newb 
~stomache grumbles~ i'm hungry 
^w^ donating plasma is actually the largest income i have at the moment 
obsessing 
"contemplating the secrets of the universe  ask me what i've learned, if you dare "
join my pack on dogwars! http annoyed  bit ly 90ybia
"ugh, you know those days where every little thing that's not that important all go wrong and the whole day is ruined even though nothing bad went wrong?"
i'm using the wi-fi here at the plasma center with a needle in my arm   laugh  typing one handed is getting easier 
"never comin' down  nevah evah gonna touch the ground, the ground  ^w^"
the whole house to myself and no parental supervision and she takes the car keys!
my internet is posessed  it magically (or tempormentally) works or doesn't work and nobody (not even from the internet installation crew) can figure out why 
keep your sanity 
bombed all traces of my ex's existance 
"so much to say and no idea how to say it  making myself metaphors with no sound, a deep message from the my lips never found \who am i to you, a person made to fit  identity created to set myself free, never see through it and love the fake me "
"but what i say never comes out right  it's mean and it's true realism\isn't nice, truth isn't always the answer a white lie could suffice \yet i love an argument, differences leading to a fight  humor me\sometimes when i say it in jest  tell me what you think, i'll figure\out the rest "
deep thoughts man!
"i have one rule for life        okay, several  but you don't get to know 'em   playful "
i hate <propfirst> bieber on principle  having fan girls that obsessed means you must die but i don't think his music is as bad as his male reputation 
i wish i had a digital camera  i have almost no pics of me whatsoever  nor do i have cool pics of whatever i do everyday    also lacking a cellphone  v_v
<propfirst> pilgrim movie was pretty good  really odd but hilarious 
the path of least resistance is well to be avoided 
"the word \nothing\"" is the perfect oxymoron """
generic perverted joke!
who thought of the potato pancake?
"ugh, feel like crap  woppler! you gotz me sick!"
mint doesn't help a dry throat 
rawr! hand hurts!
 annoyed  headache is disorienting and making me want to throw up  at least it's not a migraine yet 
lies understood to be lies and said anyways are unforgivable  especially when another's reputation is affected 
 laugh  installing wow on comp right now  gonna try the 10 free trial 
the swelling in my left hand has gone down but the entire inside of the palm is still bruised 
hungry! gonna resort to cannibalism 
cold stone creamery's ice cream looks soooo delicious! but i think i'd rather buy hog'n'das by the tub and just take that home 
total slaughter! total slaughter! i won't leave a single man alive!
"<propfirst> <propfemale> picked a peck of pickled peppers    then he ate them, the end "
everyone's a little dysfunctional 
5th in the tournament!
