16abe188e3a55374e7d84188010f076a
finally got a face book
might get her cell phone turned off due to hear dumb 
its raining all day today! i dont know if im still going to the festival
is going to a gay bar tonight with a bunch of girls  smile  ima have fun  laugh 
who's going to reactor? cause i need a room hoes  laugh 
boredness
"so pissed off, what a shittastic day!"
gettin off line to go make myself some not my moms cookin!
has stupid homework  idk what the hell i am doing -sigh-
hmn
worried shell spend halloween alone once again   
i hate farmville! hate it!!!!
if anyone has a picture of me they should let me know i want it  laugh 
i really need to update my face book and be on no? -sigh- it just dosen't amuse me
"i hate face book, its navigation system sucks ass   "
"times are getting hard and i see that money is why its so hard because i have none  i am really afraid of whats going to happen to us  really am   fuck the fucking system, its not here to help us at all   "
i miss the simple times 
"i hate when    there is all this space around you, buuuut nooo the stranger sits right next to you"
i am addicted to that stupid face book game
last minute getting ready for acen!
"back from acen, tired as hell, crabby too "
im so sick of this    
"fuck this face book shit  i don't talk on this, i hardly ever check it  if you really want to get into contact ask for my sevral aim screen names, or my phone number  if we're close i'll give it to you  i mean if you have my number then why are you takling to me like this? its so slow when a phone call is instant "
"hailee, i love you  you are my best friend, and the most real friend i've ever had  and everyone else don't take offence; grow up already you all know hailee and i, seceretly joined together at birth and then separated and adopted by different families     "
i really need to get my act together 
<propmale> has cancer 
im in edwardsville till the 6 or 7th of july 
i am so fucking face book retarded! i want to delete people i dont really know from my friends list but im too dumb  laugh 
for real how the hell do i delete peopel!
okay i deleted a lot of people i had no clue who they were or people i just didnt care to keep around  eh ill try to be on this thing more often its just so jaldskfja;sldfjae !@#$%
" annoyed  i thought i was over this, but i am still treated like i dont exist, hidden like a dirty secret swept under the rug   ugh     annoyed  this is why i hate face book  i come on to try and stay in touch and i see things i dont want to see   "
okay goodnight!
"i have work today, 1-1am i think o o"
i worked 11 hours today 11x8=88 hardly seems worth it  annoyed 
ah a day off this is rare  i feel i should be doing something~
i want to cosplay marik from yugioh!
hey can anyone hook me up with a good place to watch all of yugioh in japanese?? without downloading
ym: \and now," mega ultra chicken arise!\""\"16abe188e3a55374e7d84188010f076a,blarg
-foams at the mouth- inuyasha final act -falls over and shakes-  laugh  gah finally ive only been waiting for like five damn years god damn >o
=  =
"getting off face book, talk to me on aim: misssweets313"
whos going to anime iowa? <-- needs a room for thur  fri   and sat
fail whos going to aimie iowa! >o
attention my friends who can sow  i need someone to make me a few things  they're rather small  and i'd pay you for it  but you'd have to make it just by me giving you measurements   
this will be the loneliest birthday 
"attention my computer geek pirate friends  i want the sims 2, please help!  laugh "
last night i managed to stab myself in the knee     with a pencil 
happy birthday <propfemale> oh wait i am <propfemale>  laugh  lol
so sick of this 
dear lord please keep me on track!
"i hate it when people say \oh your <propmale> looks like blah blah blah from the blah blah show\"" good way to be ignorant and insult <propmale>ist   laugh """
mmmmmnn kinky vampire sex  annoyed   = lul
fuckin work god damn it 
facebook is gay  love 
"k, getting off face book now for it bores me "
"is it bad that i already forgot half the people i knew in highschool? i mean, i never could remember people very well when in highschool, but now its even worce  laugh "
"e,e i dont know half the people on my facebook friends list dx"
i need to stop a procrastonator  -panics to finish school shit-
fml gosh damn it
blah blah blah yeah  thats cool  facebook stuff face book stuf blah  laugh  idk
"<propfemale>, who is going to anime central (acen) this year? i'm looking into reserving a room and would like a few extra's in the room!"
