654af8258132407bb1f53399cc009ba6
"so, new years <propfemale> was fun, hanging out and playing 360 most of the night then a game all the next day   top it off by me hanging with a friend i havent seen in for<propfemale>r that night then back over to my other friends today, (though plans changed) i still had a great day   smile "
service was off the hook    probably going to in n out! amazing burgers and fellowship!
"cant wait for wendsday, i was so anxious for it to come yesterday i half convinced myself it would be today lol "
"i turned them into you personaly on thrusday, those where the only copy of those peoples names and <propfirst> i had  i had trust that they would be inputed and that you would make sure they got in "
about to head up to redding untill the 28th for a family reunion and spend time with fam  fun fun 
"long, fun, full day  woke up and had breakfast with family and then said by to some of them      sad       they had to go back home to washington  went to my grandparents church my mom, sis and grandma went yard saling so me and my grandpa got some in-n-out "
"got back in from redding at 2, spirit west coast tomorow!!! i love summer"
"caught 88 fish yesterday with my grandpa, mom, aunt and sister  i've never seen so many fish "
"played hard, rocked hard, worshiped hard and prayed hard at swc ammunition 09  then slept for almost 15 hours when i got back  11 days of going non stop will do that i guess "
sendin love to all the interns (wherever they may be)
had a laid back week thusfar and is glad and happy that the interns are back  hope you guys all had a good time and are allright    see you guys tonight!
"dmv au dumain, cest super    i hate tests "
"so   i didnt know you have to at least have a c class permit to get a m1 license permit, so i only studied for the m1 test and got both   good thing im good with tests most of the time "
fun fact    driving messes with my nerves    first day doin it though   (i know finaly huh)
hanging out with <propmale> sellers on my b-day   good times 
unpluged    going down right now  get here
"    blank is the new day, ready to be writen on, how will your story read?"
hope you all had a great thanksgiving!
"so, i'm at my grandparents in turlock today beacuse my grandma is in the hospital, shes not doing well right now  prayer would be wonderfull  to those at ct, i won't be there tonight "
"hope service went well, im sure <propmale> tore it up, wish i was there  keep my grandma in prayers  thanks "
thinking about kicking on the relient k christmas cd for a bit   
free x-mas trees riverbank save mart!    i dont know why i put n riverside    
it's christmas <propfemale>!
did you know     we will have a blue <propfemale> on new years <propfemale> 
in the media booth chillin with <propfirst> and <propmale>  pastor is great as always 
so today was a really good day  (aside from getting messed up from kenpo class   wink  ) first sunday in the new year and it was great  im going to miss <propmale> but it was cool hanging out with him tonight anyway 
"listining to my purevolume player and waiting for <propmale> to pick me up  owl city: fireflys, next   fm static: boy meets girl"
is sick   sad  (i called in)
church was awesome    wish i was there 
"celeb look alike    ok, im in   who do i look like?"
"r i p willma irine turner 80 years old, maried for 64  beloved mother, grandma and greatgrandma  11 smile 5pm feb 4, 2010  she finished the race "
31-17! great job saints!
my brother and uncle are in from tx  the funeral is on wendsday morning 
"my grandmas funeral was yesterday, ac is the rest of the week "
a c!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ac is off the chain  first night down, 2 awesome days left "
happy valentines day              or single awareness day    whichever applies to you
it sucks when you like someone and am to shy to do anything about it 
wishes he wasnt so dang shy
dose anyone have a truck that wants to help me out with something? message me 
got ?'s  http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223
http annoyed  www 30daysafter com
"go ahead, http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223 you know you want to "
"heavens gates and hells flames tryouts are meeting right now, be here if you want to help out!        and does no one have questions for me???? http annoyed  formspring me robertt223"
want to help with heavens gates and hells flames? be at ctwc @8 smile 0am and help out!
"blank is the new day, ready to be writen on, how will your story read?"
god rocked tonight     i exausted  being a demon is tough lol  good job <propmale> and everyone else in the play! 3 nights left!!
"that \who matches you most\""   pure random """
heavens gates & hells flames night 3 tonight @7  come check it out btw no after party tonight 
any one got questions? http annoyed  www formspring me robertt23
"last night of heavens gates & hells flames! after party tonight also!!!  bring your friends and family or any random people you see, god is rocking!"
around 1451 people gave there lives to jesus at heavens gates & hells flames!!!!
"the after party was pretty cool tonight, but now im glad its done  praise god for all the salvations  lets plug them in guys!"
"x18 tonight, woot woot "
"x18   amazing   night at the museum ii in the fl  sanc with all the interns  legit  great back message by a friend, which i returned, and a ride home with a good talk with a good friend     all in all, a night well spent "
"so, whats up?"
dont say you cant when you know that with god you can 
sorry    i just lost the game 
up late? early? bored? ask me something you allways wanted to know  http annoyed  www formspring me
"watching <propmale> dynamite, gosh "
enjoying some hot tea yum  www formspring me robertt223
my neck is sooorrree   why   
anyone got questions? http annoyed  formspring me
so did everyone really watch the bachlor instead of 24? why?
anyone got questions for me?  http annoyed  formspring me robertt223
"fyi, the capeders, are amazing people"
dose anyone else randomly reread old messages from way back in your inbox?
have to get fitted today for brandons wedding    i need to get ahold of brennen and let him know   
no stadium tonight   awww  but its going to be extra legit next week!
"so, i was suposed to have  moved my bike today and got fitted for my friends wedding, instead i sit  around playing phone tag all day and not getting anywhere    so while i  wait (and theres no service tonight) http annoyed  formspring me robertt223  give it a shot "
congrats to pastor <propfirst> and <propfemale> <propmale> whom are now e playful ecting there first child!!!
guess there was a leaders meeting tonight    i hate not getting memos 
q&a   http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223 
"so i tried flatironing my hair, pics up soon  i need opinions!"
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=_kgirb1bxw4 <propmale> showed me this a bit ago, if you like instrumental music, you might like this "
"if it really tries, a mussle can move up to one foot in a day -good eats "
11   i hope it dosent fall through again  i wanna get fitted already 
just got fitted and the suit looks pretty sharp 
x18 is great  i wouldnt trade those jr high guys for nothen 
questions?? ask some! http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223
any one going to allice in wonderland at regal tonight? i'm looking for a ride and i will hook whoever up with some gas money too 
its a nice night out 
my plans have fallen through all weekend long 
"http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223 ask me, and i shall answer   most likely "
"alot of questions   lol  oh well, i did say i was bored "
today will be a good day 
carpe diem
question me and know  http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223
"pumkin spice tea made in milk insteed of water, good  add some brown surger, great  yay for messing around "
fm static = some pretty good music 
chillin with some until june  oh yeah 
"stadium is going down tonight, normal time   (repost this)"
http annoyed  thestadiumtv com you guys need to check this out  powerfull 
spent the weekend at <propmale>'s  one of the best weekends i have had in a verrry long while 
http annoyed  formspring me robertt223 i hold the answers to your questions        about me anyway 
found some shirts i havent worn in forever that i realy like  yay!
"watchin a movie, drinkin some tea and waiting for questions from you  http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223"
fm static  good music 
tuesday  you look nice today 
church tomorrow night!
"i just wanted to let you know  i think you're awesome, and i am glad you are my friend "
 smile  i love my friends   smile 
country egg scramble and a french vannila nutrition drink  nom nom nom 
happy st  <propfirst>'s day! (dont forget to wear green) come by or check out the stadium tonight! http annoyed  thestadiumtv com
"owl city, goodbye <propmale>, and <propmale> <propmale>, dashboard and untill june  chill music "
stadium was awesome! x-18 tomorrow!!!
x18   yes lord  the boys and girls came back together  and it took 2 trips with the bus to get everyone there! and that was just to one of the houses the jr hi are at 
"dune    good book, good movie "
just saw some fireworks from my window  big ones too  only wish there were more   ):
anyone live near <propmale> that has a motorcycle license that is willing to help me out tomorrow?
"gettin to church early today  but its all good  <propmale> wiese, author of 23 minutes in hell, is going to be preaching today  after that lunch, practice and college service  i love sundays  (and special speakers)"
"so   i thought that i would be able to move my bike from my friends house to the church before service started last night but my bike wouldnt start and then it got to dark to move it (i only have a permit) and <propmale> didnt go to service ither, so i didnt make it last night   sad "
questions? ask em  http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223
i try to help a friend in need and end up accidently getting another in big trouble in the process    now i feel crummy 
my mom randomly threw ice watter on my back and it dripped down onto my sweat pants   i think i found a pet peeve 
? laugh x? ?q ol??nq ??? ?o ??? ??? ?u?o? ?l?ols  surprise ? ?u?u??s?l
¿?u?????os ?? ?s? ?s??o? ?u????? u?op?p?sdn http annoyed  formspring me robertt223 
"sp??????q pu? u?op?p?sdn ?u???????? ?u?d?? pu? s,??? ??? u?????? ?? os p??oq ??"
skype is fun when there is nothing to do  keeps you in touch with everyone you dont live near 
good morining world  its palm sunday today 
"had a cool walk home with a cool person we ran into and ministerd to  devine apointment for shure, if we went the other way we wouldnt have met him "
"patricks birthday today, probably going to <propfemale> at his house "
i need something big for april fools to do to my sister   sugestions anyone?
your <propfemale> is held up by your charicter  your charicter is comprised of your habits which are formed by your actions which are based on your decisions  how you make your decisions direct your <propfemale> 
happy good friday everyone!
had a picnic with dads fam in the park and came home and my grandparents (moms side) came in from redding  yay for family!
happy easter!  ask me somethin? http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223
"im up for questions, takers? http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223"
"so, i wasnt feeling too good the past few days and i guess my body knew it more then i did beacuse i slept for a little over 10 hours last night     i feel better at least   "
"yawn  good morning  (grr for not feeling too good) oh well, have a good sunday all "
the party tonight was pretty fun i found that sticking to playing a party game or two got me through alright  i even danced a bit  all in all i still stuck mostly to myself but im not a huge party person 
"have a good sunday everyone  if your to sick cant make it to church today, no need to fear  http annoyed  www ctwc com live 11am (pst) and (if you miss it) after the service anytime on the same site "
its my grandpas 82 bday  going to a restraunt for dinner  right now   loving listining to the rain right now and watchin deadliest warrior 
love the sound of the rain 
x18 tonight! woot woot
q and a http annoyed  www formspring me robertt223
jesus  i love you  i wish that some stuff that happend didnt happen but i pray that everything will work out  i feel bad when junk happens with friends and in there lives 
just got back in from church   a walk at midnight is nice sometimes    kinda  (sore feet)
brandons wedding is saturday!!! ahh  crazy 
test
dress rehersal for brandons wedding at 1830 tonight!!!!!
just realized my hair is way shorter   shorter then i wanted it to be anyway   pics need to come soon i know 
<propfemale> out night tonight at x18 for graduation!!!
ok   does anyone have a legit copy of  playful  or above they can hook a brother up with   our comp had some issues and we found our copy wasnt genuine and things are all glitchy now    
wishing i could have went to the intern graduation and grad party    good job guys!!!!
otay   i had my scare for a while    gunshots never fun to hear right near where you live 
"i pulled my back the other day    not feeling fun  hope its better by ammo camp \compy is being worked on but i got the wii online    does anyone know how to fix a frozen ipod classic it wont turn off or on and the screen is frozen (i tried connecting it to the comp but it didnt help)"
"going to redding for a week, going to be back in time to repack for swc  i'll be on here every once in a while to check up and all but outside that pretty much unavailable  (unless you know my parents cell <propfirst>)"
i  so  love  comming up here to see family (and im glad most of my cuz's and aunts uncles  have been able to come too  my grandparents had there 50th wedding aniversary yesterday (the reason for my being up here) and we have a party reunion thing to celibrate latter today 
"i ? my fam   its great to see cuz's that i havent seen in a while \swc tommorow!!!!!!!!!!!!!  (and im so sunburnt allready    )\?i'so excited   i just cant hide it?"
so i've been up since 5 this morning   mostly (i passed out from being so tired once or twice) but its been a long (fun) time at ammo camp  i wish i could have seen some fireworks tonight though 
hay   if anyone got some pics that had me in them from ammo camp tag me   my camra was broke and i want to save some memories!
i cant believe i slept for 12 hours  (from 1 to 1) was more out of it then i thought  lol 
hair cut time   hope this ones better then the one i got for brandons wedding   
"doing stuff with friends, food, swiming, relaxing and a hot tub     good day "
just watched the last episode of full metal alchemist:brotherhood  way better then the first series and a great ending 
*yawwwwwwwwnn * good morning 
my sister just pulled out a talking <propmale> doll         
"root canals = blah  i had one this morning and im still kinda out of it \not enough i couldnt help with monday night prayer tonight, it was my first time doing camras for that so i hope i got alot of good shots "
*sigh* life sometimes 
blegh    i no likey being sick   
"just went for a swim  feel good, outiside a sore throat  stubborn sickness "
"\   knowing something to be true and living something that is true are twoseparate things; to just know leaves a gap where you may still fall to paste playful eriences  but lived knowledge is not so easily forgotten and rarely ill applied \"" (from a story im working on)"""
"he says, your looking for <propfirst> then, he will be out with you in a minute \so the man i asked for <propmale> comes over, (i thought to tell me he will be right over) and introduces himself as <propfirst>    so akward    \he didnt mind though and we talked for a minute but since he was busy he gave me his card and said he would call when it died down and if not for me to call him by tomorow "
"    ok   so my mom got me in with the owner of dewz for an interveiw and gives me the wrong name  so when i go in i talk to a man and ask for \steve\"" they say he's in the back and if i was sure i didn't mean <propfirst> i said yes  so <propmale> comes out and i stand up and shake his hand and i mention my mother had me come in to interveiw with him for a possition """
"ice blocking tonight   oh yeah, you wish you were in jr high x18\(i dont no what to e playful ect, i never been before  oakdale kids seem to like it though, or so <propmale> says)"
"x18   oh yeah, it rocked  but what else would you e playful ect from the coolest jr highers on earth?"
"jammin to some tunes, and doin some cleaning around the house \right now its a song from fm static's dear diary cd  purevolume and internet radio  a pretty good combo "
"if your from the stadium, or are just in jr high, you should add jr high as a friend \and for those who are part of the jr highx18 facebook group, devos from the past two weeks are now up!!!\also there are other topics to check out too  joooiiiiinnnn usssss (you know you want to)"
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"http annoyed  groups myspace com jrhighx18\if you have myspace, or know a jr higher who uses it and not facebook  let them know about it \there is one for facebook to  jr highx18, look for it!\weekly x18 devo's are now up "
just came back from a nice jog down the dry creek trail 
the devo is up from last night's x18 on jr high x18 group  daily devo up as well 
dinner smells good and im kinda bored but can't figure out how to fix that    
"woke my sister up at 4:45 and told her it was 6:20 (her bus picks her up at 6 smile 0)\and <propmale> stopped her before she went out the door and told her it was only 5 \thank you diary of a wimpy kid   "
anyone in jr  high x18 check out jr high for updates on x18 and daily devotionals and join jr high  x18 for weekly devos and to stay in touch with other students and leaders
"if your another leader in jr high's x18, remember, you guys can log into and use jr high to post updates and devo's as well "
"wow   i didn't even know today was 9 11    9 years ago \i remember waking up to it an hour early and then having to go to school still \i was in room 911 at 9:11"
"chillin with some stars go dim playing \check em out and if you like them, download their whole album for free at their website \starsgodim com"
"happy first day of internship all you wonderfull interns!!!!\and congrats to all of the second and third years!!!!"
"church is going to be epic as allways tonight,\get out to it if you can but if you cant watch online at www iamammo com live \both are at the same time as allways, 7pm (pst)"
ode to how quickly a good day can turn crappy in under 2 minutes flat 
church at 11 and kenpo at 4 i've got a full day ahead 
"if anyone knows of a place that is hiring in <propmale>, please let me know \also if anyone has any odd jobs i can do for you, hit me up for those too \i got some stuff to take care of by the 6th and no cash to do it "
its going down tonight at jr high  x18 were going to rock it over at the corbins house  if your in jr high then you best be there at 6:45   wink  (or 6 calvary <propfemale> worship center if you need a ride)
"if anyone knows anyone that needs an odd job done or has work they themselves need help with, i need to take care of some things and could use some $$ "
"<propfemale> many birhdays      my whole familys, a bunch of my friends   mine   what a busy month  and kinda sucky when you have no $ for gifts for any of them    i could use some odd jobs to raise $$ for that too "
"ode to dreams and how they can keep you up at night \and i'm not talking about the ones in your sleep lol "
"im glad we have a wii, our compy is down but we finnaly got our modem to work to work"
its my sis's b-day today and mine on monday 
i dislike the internet for the wii
"hot tea, check \realaxing music, check \steady sound of rain, check \its going to be a good night "
moving today  if your able to help please call 2095967718 my number  thanks
lonnng day  moved most of today  @<propfirst> <propfirst> came and helped 
"moving more today  kennys going to help till 4   kinda wish i dont have to move, especily since he did right by where we are leaving "
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!!
almost done with the move  its been a looong month  cant wait to go to the stadium
"church is done, now for a quick lunch and more moving   yay    "
glad november is over  be at the stadium tonight    i hope 
"missin you jr highers at x18  moving is tough, but i will be back!"
"hay, church today! if you cant make it to (whatever church it is you go to) you can still have church, just go to www iamammo com live and join us at 11pst "
my throat is so sore it hurts to swallow  i hate getting sick  even a little 
hay  i want your guys phone <propfirst> (theres only like 12 people in my adress book and thats just sad) so message me your <propfirst>!
"im not going to be at church tonight (i dont think)  my grandpa is going to the hospital, please pray for him, "
well they are trying to figure out whats wrong with my grandpa still his heart rate reads something difrent in difrent parts of his body   but he seems alright other than that
still no news on how hes doing 
"well, my gpa is going to spend the night at the hospital for observation but he seems to be doing better  his heart rate is normal again and they are going to still run some more tests to find out whats up  please keep him in prayer "
"if you missed church, like i did tonight, have no fear, just check it out online like im about to @ www iamammo com live"
ok i will do the <propfirst> game too  message me a number and i will post something about you  (ither a favorite memory or something i like about you)
runthrough tonight for the christmas play 
"stranded at ctwc all day, if someone wants to <propfemale> out im free till 6 smile 0"
"the second night for <propfirst>'s christmas surprise  is playing tonight at calvary <propfemale> worship center   last night was packed out, come early you dont want to miss this brodway style production  doors open at 6 smile 0 and starts at 7 "
x18 party tonite  wouldnt have known if i didnt ask  didnt get my invite  im glad my parents are bringing me from turlock  now i need to find a ride home or someone to spend thd nite with 
narnia was epic  broom ball a blast  good nite its so far been  im glad i txted my friends or i wouldve missed out 
congrats to @<propfirst> kennedy and happy bday to justis (sp)
shikina christmas  allways amazing 
my grandparents are in from redding for christmas  its only two days away!!
"so, with christmas coming the day after tomorow, what do you have planed for it?"
"hay! it's christmas!!! i just woke my sis, the youngest is the sleepyhead this year  now to help make <propmale> pancakes and then open some gifts  happy bday jesus, <propfirst> larton and aaro deluchi!!!"
does anyone that goes to x18 live in turlock? i cant find a ride anywhere 
church tonight! if your not able to make it you can check it out online @7pst www iamammo com live
"church rocked tonight, if you missed it you can watch online @ www iamammo com live\make sure you check out x18 tommorow  ps  i miss all my jr high guys!"
taking my sis for a walk     
"its too early to wake up    at least it feel's like it after only falling asleep after 1  oh well to oakland we go, i'll just sleep in the car "
back from my sis's appointment in oakland  we stopped to check out bass pro shop
"friend, beginner, bboy, bgirl, mc, graff head, dj   \\check out the \shh institute \"" friday cypher sessions begin january 28th  thousands of students from jr high to young adults are invited from all over the valley from fresno to sac to be apart  \",654af8258132407bb1f53399cc009ba6,ah   tonight was awesome 
"job interveiw @chipoltle in turlock  pray i get a job!\gotta get ready"
chillin to some myrad 
"aparently i have a virus or something wrong with my com\ and its sending im messages and might be posting other things as well \please disregard these messages  thank you and sorry"
"7-o\right now "
"no the stadium wendsday \but that is only beacuse were gearing up for ammunition conference [official event]]  this is something that you dont want to miss if you can help it \cant wait "
got droped off in <propmale> so i can be at the run thru today   cant wait for ammo!
"ammo was amazing!!!\if you missed any of the sermons go to www iamammo com and watch them there "
well as far as sads (single awareness days) go i had a good one  just <propmale> out with friends and am on the bus home now  going to watch spirited away when i get home  been a tradition for me since 11th grade  wink  
anberlin is rockin my ears right now 
ahh  the stadium was incredible tonight  hearing the testomonies of how people got rocked by god was awesome 
just a note  the jr highers of the stadium are the most amazing in the world and i just wanted to remind them tell everyone else that 
@dmv  glad i have my ipod charged   
my friend christian <propfemale> <propfirst> has been selected as one of 8 finalists for @<propfemale>'s million dollar makeover  you should all go check out his video and make sure to vote for him when voting opens  help my friend win!!!
my sister: they were on a school trip field trip 
i just had some bacon wraped jalapino and cream cheese stuffed dove breasts   verry good
