28f9065929bfb94c8a13ccd1fd53c131
happy new year everyone!
who's going to join me at the linc networking for interactive & entrepreneurial companies in l a  this wed  nite?
"i am advising someone who is doing a study and we would love some platform help  part one of the study concerns the analysis of candidate platforms upon which to base a game  examining the state-of-the-art for online games, including multiplayer mmox game"
it's my birthday! cool and <propfemale> (nice) in la and the first snow in salt lake city! groovy 
enjoying the coolness and the wind!  smile  thanks for the birthday wishes and to those who came to the party last night!  smile 
"just don't ask me why    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vyfc10qdcr4&feature=related but this is so great, or horrible, or     smile "
next island in venture beat: http annoyed  venturebeat com 2009 11 23 next-island-to-launch-a-sci-fi-adventure-virtual-world-with-time-travel  go entropia universe!
origin pc takes over where alienware went mainstream: http annoyed  venturebeat com 2009 11 17 former-alienware-executives-launch-origin-a-new-gamer-pc-company  congratulations to <propfirst> and the origin pc team!
i say 2010 is the year of integrity and anything is possible! just getting 2009 complete and getting ready to create 2010  woo hoo! my tempus fugit wall calendar from remo general store just showed up! here we go!
http annoyed  blog viximo com corporate 2009 08 06 will-the-us-virtual-goods-market-size-grow-to-equal-asias 
"can you believe my mom sent this to me?  subject: apple does it again apple announced today that it has developed a breast implant that can store and play music  the itit will cost from $499 to $699, depending on cup and speaker size   this is considered a <propmale> social breakthrough because women are always complaining about men staring at their breasts and not listening to them "
"i'm a big fat love-ball of power, possibility and play today!"
"hey all! my friend at people magazine is looking for some former dotcom millionaires to profile who have interesting stories to share about their life paths after the fall, so to speak  if you know of anyone please put me in touch right away  thanks!"
"i am looking for people who are entrepreneurs building businesses in virtual worlds, if that's you, or someone you know, please contact me right away! thanks!"
today i am a pit-bull-zen-master  watch out! watchout!  smile 
"if you or someone you know is spending a significant amount on adwords please talk with me  i have early access to a fabulous solution to drive more volume for less cost  search evolved, if you will  talk to me "
"large consultancy friend looking for this:  friends - i need to hire a national resource manager to work with my geographically dispersed team of people who staff advisory consultants across the us   the location is open, with preferences for sf, sj, la, chicago, mclean   i'm look for a college educated professional with a business background   if they've worked in technology consulting - all the better   "
"please come see our panel about being an entrepreneur in a virtual world mmog at sxsw 2010 on monday march 15th, 2010 at 12 smile 0pm! deathifier is on the panel, ren reynolds is moderating and <propfirst> mikula from sl is going to join us virtually! cool!"
very cool waterfall urinal  not sure why i liked it so much  cima (exit 242) off i-15    http annoyed  yfrog com 0zh2xuj
at penn and teller! thanks goldstar! http annoyed  yfrog com 1qt5mxj
fresh food not french fries! sign the petition to make school lunches better  http annoyed  bit ly jofoodrev plz rt  #foodrevolution
i'm excited to be speaking at the #futureofmoney & technology summit in sf april 26th  http annoyed  futureofmoney com use speakerguest for 10% off
#futureofmoney conference is awesome! saw <propfirst> goldstien & <propfemale> <propmale> in green room  great attendees  http annoyed  tweetphoto com 20029415
#futureofmoney <propfirst> heuer is a big goofball who is just brilliant  http annoyed  www socialmediaclub org  digging the conference here at kabuki 
i subscribed to rocktropia's channel on youtube http annoyed  www youtube com user rocktropia?feature=autoshare
"does anyone use the upgraded features on linkedin? it seems like a lot of money for some folders and some emails, but i could see it being worth it  do you have first hand e playful erience?"
the immersive technology summit is awesome  i'm so excited about how far we've come  extra credit cool: check out <propfemale> gaia 
"i wonder if people are using social media to track people down? oh, gee, they are! https annoyed  clear thomsonreuters com collections htm"
tell chemical industry we won't let their profits trump kids health  http annoyed  action panna org p dia action public ?action_key=5243
"<propfirst> oskar and i are protecting democracy, killing zombies and drinking duff! thanks <propmale>!"
"regarding game design education programs delivered online, like what ianimate net and animationmentor com is for animation education  \here are the main questions: \do you know of any good examples of vocational education programs focusing on game design or game development available in north <propfemale> or asia china india? \do you have any e playful erience in hiring students from such programs?"
"this is great: a thought for today annoyed human wandering through the zoo   what do your cousins think of you  -<propmale> <propmale>, humorist and poet (1878-1937)\even really hot humans are pretty sad looking animals  no tail, no fur, awww   "
ted2011!!!!!
"your itunes music files are a mess  tuneup fixes mislabeled song info and fills in missing cover <propmale>! click my link for a discount    yes, it actually works  cool  http annoyed  tuneup tellapal com a clk jy3wl"
