9796ddc036c2bb8ff7718453c26fea54
i'm lost on this facebook thing!
yeah!!! its striaght!
what is wrong with me?
yeah yeah yeah   i know   its crooked!
yes   i am a legal resident of the united states   
"wishing everyone a happy new year  and i wanna thank my friends who stayed with me and helped me struggle through 2010  esp, nessey for being there  and prd for helping me regain my sanity after a very difficult time  here's to a bright and happy 2011!"
anorexia nervosa and alchoholism here we come!
is sad 
ok   enough of this depression bull shit   photo shoot tomarow! even if it kills me 
nothing like waking up <propmale> over to sirens and panicked kids screaming how they don't wanna die!
how do you make this feeling go away?
ich bin überwältigend  ich brauche nicht niemanden!
"stolz, ein spangler zu sein"
"is in pain!!! dunno wats worse 2hrs of surfin, 2hrs of gym, or 2hrs of practice!"
i love my derby life  smile 
a check to the face with chexy's skate couldn't keep me down tonight!
i would like to e playful ress my sincere condolences to the black team for thier soon-to-be loss 
knee   pain   
penalty: <propmale> on white 777!
today's the big day!!! im so nervous and excited!
25 in 4 smile 4   oh yeah!
"oh, brah   chexy got me good   how do you hit someone's head, neck and knee all at the same time?"
man i sucked at practice last night!
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?\i could really use a wish right now, wish right now, wish right now   "
street skating+metal on the ipod=better than sex!
today's the big day!!!! go yellow!!!!!! excited!!!
is the german-ator!!!!
hey fb peeps!!! any opinions on my future piercing? think down  low!
ra ra ah ah ah   ro<propfemale> ro <propfemale> <propfemale>   ga ga   ooohh la la   
is ready to jump into the mosh pit on wheels   i mean go to practice   
hippies vs rockers today!!!!! power to the people!!! hippies rock!!!!
"i'm only a man\in a silly red sheet\digging for kryptonite\on this one way street\only a man\in a phoney red sheet\looking for special things\inside of me   "
i think im gunna lose a toe nail!
why do i always get what i dont want and what i do want always slips away?
let's go flyer's   make me proud!
life sucks   im pregnant!!!
"   this use to be a fun house, but now its filled with evils clowns   time to start the count down   we're gunna burn it down!!!"
buwahahahaha   yeah   i know   im evil
today's just one of those awesome days   loving life!
rain rain go away   i wanna go to practice today!
god bless america   and horny rednecks!
testin my bruised front teeth on a apple   thanks pebz
game day!!!
ready for my after-after party!
nervous nervous nervous!
"i'm goin' home, gonna load my shotgun\\wait by the door and light a cigarette\\if he wants a fight, well now he's got one\\and he ain't seen me crazy yet"
34d   come on <propmale>  is that too much to ask for?
i'm innocent 
<propfemale> ridge here i come!
just made the best ratatouille for dinner   jelios?!?
day 5 with out a pack of smokes!
craving hot wings   thanks man vs food!
god bless my derby life!
"don't want to jump the gun here, but   happy scream!!!!!!"
 sad 
ich bin ausgezeichnet heute!!!!
"i'm only happy when it rains\i'm only happy when it's complicated \and tho i know you can't appreciate it\i'm only happy when it rains!"
wanna die my hair red   wonder how id look as a <propfemale>   
met a really cool old lady in a wheel chair at the women's e playful o  she actually got the tie between my two tattoos!
could really use a massage   
is soooo ready to move off this rock!
oh   em   gee   pain patches and ice   a derby girls bff's!
"had a very negative, but productive day  here's hoping tomorrow is a little more positive "
its cause i'm awesome!
"is it just me, or is derby getting old?"
sigh   smells like game day
is it sad that i got my worst injury trying make it to a decent place to puke and not at the scrimmage?
"to my wonderful derby sisters and low-life refs that make bad calls against demons: there's no practice today, and i'd like to make a suggestion   why don't we take the time to wash our pads?"
is safe for the next three months!
"sigh   one a these days, ill get laid   "
grilled teriyaki mahi mahi over mixed greens for lunch at haus des spangler
"hey everybody   \sadly <propfemale> noyance will be leaving the league to move on to bigger and better things (getting a job in texas) so we are throwing her a good bye bash at hmc karaoke in <propfemale> city  the <propfemale> dig is set for 5-7 this sunday-sry for the late notice  pls rsvp to either me or pebblz  preferably pebblz"
all the good ones are fucking gay!!!!
another sleepless night   wtf?
feeling a little nostalgic watching my son watch the <propmale> series  maybe i should change my derby name  since <propmale>'s already taken maybe club-her lang   apollo speed? hmmm   
poor poor poor <propfirst> vick   oh sad day  sad 
"just cause i couldn't sing it last night   \i come from a long line of losers\\half outlaw half boozers\\i was born with a shot glass in my hand"
"oh god, why must you tease me?"
ugh   really?
name change? spangler or   wait for it   lucy furer?
"i would give anything i own \give up my life, my heart, my home\i would give anything i own\just to have you once again\just to touch you once again   d:"
"ok, im done with my cheesey karaoke posts! hmmm    or am i?"
"attn: derby girls!!!\the flux capacitor is playing at the hardrock cafe this fri at 10pm  give them some derbylove!!! they've also promised to give out shoutouts to prd!"
me laying off the bottle is not really working out
"oh dear god in heaven,\i gave up my whiskey sours when i got into that altercation, and gave up jager and mt dews when i stupidly cut my own hair   puleeezz dont tell me last night's practice was i sign that i have to give up my dyke and cokes! i don't think there's a weaker drink out there!\love, spangler"
"equality march at the capital   i will be there with flyers  a-bomb is outa town, so if you're coming pls find me  i will be in the front at 2;30  i'll have flyers to hand out  also, being that we are at the capital, pls dress derby with your prd shirt, but conservatively "
let's see how many people call me egon today!
alright   lets go eagles!
seriously need to study up on derby strategies! any suggestions on where to go?
"hey guys, sorry for all thee back blocking i did today!"
day four and five pounds down! oh yeah!
"dodododododo, vanilla ice ice baby, dododododododo   word to yo mama"
"spending tonight like a true american   desensitizing my son to zombies, blood, and guts!"
"working at the carwash   i reserve the right to pose and take pics with any car motorcycle, left in my procession, that is deemed worthy enough"
"never fails!!! as soon as i get my car washed: rain, rain, rain!!!"
sigh  annoyed 
just bought the most gorgeous dress ever for $7! i love vintage shopping!
"why can't more guys come standard like captain <propmale> trapp? tall, dark, handsome, can sing, a captain, and no problem hiring a nanny  perfection "
"i usually call dibs on snickers today, but after all my hard work and all the weight i lost, i'm gunna pass  sad  but everyone else can have a happy halloween!"
mission complete! i even got treats!
"is gunna   take another ride on the sunshine highway\take another ride try and turn it around "
getting hit on by a black guy with a full platinum grill   priceless!
"just got home from watching my first basketball game since hs and gots to say i remember y i dont care for the game  no hits, no people flying thru the air, <propfemale>  and if someone was to steal the ball from me i'd be chasing him down for a shoulder check!"
wanna thank the guy in waiks for helping out with the crazy homeless drug addict before anything <propmale> happened!
and that's why they call me the führer!
found an amazing 1940s inspired vintage dress for 4 bucks! which leads me to a dilemma   do i cut my hair to match?
"in celebration of the new do, i feel like takin some <propfemale> <propfemale> inspired pics at <propfemale> kai   nekked  whos with me?"
"ugh  a meeting  in the morning  on a holiday  thats un-american, dude!"
"shocked at the closed mindedness of locals in hawaii  maybe they should get off the rock and get some culture, and i dont mean vegas "
"ride or die? nope, skate or die!"
"as a skater, i hear some funny shit  some memorable quotes from the girlfeast scrimmage: \tighten that gap!\"" \""block her pussy!\"" and my all time fav \""it feels like a black shoving his cock in your ass!\"""""
"filming shakatalk yesterday, i had to give a shout out to the best derby team in hawaii   go mischievils!!!"
went to my first real practice in what seems like the longest! made me realize how much i missed derby 
tired of waiting   
"marines? roller derby? can it get better? oh, yeah   right  almost forgot about that!"
"oh, <propmale>  i've been waiting for years and tomorrow is our big date   the beginning of the end!"
"giving myself til wed to complete my mission   get ready, im a woman possessed!"
dilemma: do i get my wrist looked at by a qualified physician and risk being told not to skate on the 4th   or do i wait and ignore the new bump and swelling?
hurry up christmas! craving homemade marshmellows and godiva hot chocolate!
"just found out about the most amazing place ever! a sex store run by midgets! oh, i'm soooo there!"
went to walmart and foodland and only got flipped off once  am i losing my touch?
"no, i didn't get laid tonight, but i had just as much fun! buwahahahaha!!! no one's more of an evil clown than me, but <propfemale> comes close!"
"happy thanksgiving everybody! i'm thankful for my family and friends that stuck it out with me through this crazy and eventful year! and i'm thankful for roller derby, the greatest sport in <propfemale> "
"i got the bigger half of the wish bone!!! yay!!! thanks, nessey, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> for the great day!"
"having some problems with <propfemale>  not in the mood to mess with her, guess i'll just pay a guy to do it "
"oh, <propfemale>, pls don't leave me  i love you! we've had so many memories together! didn't i always keep you topped off with the good stuff? didn't i always keep you lubed up? if you come back, i promise to wash you more often!"
"<propfemale>, you came back! we're like soulmates! but i'm guessin you like how rough i get after a few! i'll admit, tho, you sure know how to make me feel stupid"
oh my god  <propmale> on tv today! it is a good thanksgiving!
burlesque=smokin hot! sigh   one day i'll find my <propfirst>
"just had the most incredible night  started with an epic derby battle with the greatest fans cheering me on, had a few drinks,posed on a classic 1950 buick, stole a tank and ended with a caramel brownie  does it get better?"
i love being a derby girl!
"i'm freezing, my eyes are watery, my hair's one big knot   but there's nothing like spending the day with a <propmale> between my legs!"
here we go again!
"today, i reached a new level of maturity when i passed a busstop in the rain and did not drive though the puddle and spray the people "
welp   another one bites the dust
great day! flew in a b52! almost makes up for the low blow i received last night   
"spangler, wont go to heaven\she's just another lost soul about to be mine again\leave her, we will receive her\it is beyond your control will you ever meet again   "
"yeah, the guitarist wanted me   "
one of those days   and no nessey to vent to  sad 
"how sad is it to go to a seether concert and be recognized as \the derby girls\"" by the people there?"""
"happy holidays everybody! what ever you celebrate, hope it's a good one!"
dirty <propfemale> is the coolest derby chick   ever 
waaahhhh   im old  shoot me now!
the year is off to a great start  day six and already earning stripes defending my self!
i hate being a grown up
wwii marines are the hottest guys in history 
<propfirst> zimmerman totally creeps me out!
i forgot how much i truly love being in my skates with my derby sisters 
ugh   my third ipod in a year has crapped out
yay!!! my mom has agreed to draw the outline for my new ink!
yes i clicked it   im sorry!!! it was tempting! stop yelling at me!
thanks to <propfemale> for having me over for the super bowl! awesome food too!
is there practice today? it's raining in <propfemale> 
"this <propmale> girl is in an <propfemale> kinda mood, for some reason "
"calling all derby wives, widows, and volunteers! wanna support prd at our next scrimmage? holla at me!"
tonight was most definitely a full <propfemale>
watch out flyers   spangler's going hockey!
oh how i love riding a <propmale>!
it's been a while   hope i still remember how to handle my stick   
nothing like a hot shower and a bowl of progresso after getting your ass kicked on the track
you shall not defeat me   stripper pole!
does any one have a husband i can borrow? for the bbq at the scrimmage!
"grilled chicken and zucchini, steamed shrimp on baby greens, and now <propfemale> n garlic pork loin roast   being on a diet sucks!"
going on day three of no sleep   wonder if this is the day i go crazy
"i know heart will never be the same, but i'm telling myself it'll be ok\even on my weakest days   i grow a little bit stronger"
why is it that every guy that hits on me is from <propfemale>?
"oh god, i hate my classes this semester"
broken hearted   i think its run its course
