7d26fb41fc0593b691be716b2f993c7d
hey
i am soooo glad <propfirst> is coming home today!!!! it's not the same without him!!
i miss you everybody    i wish i were with you for the wedding    hugs all around   
my baby girl is 2 today!!!  happy birthday caileigh <propfemale>!!!
gotta fix breakfast for my kids   caileigh is having her pictures taken today i will share them when i can   taking them to <propmale> e  cheese later for her b-day!!
gonna play in the pool with the kids when caileigh wakes up from her nap!!  i love summer!!!
cleaning     yay!!
looking at baby clothes makes me wish caileigh were small again    but atleast i am gonna have a niece to spoil in a couple of months!!! smile 
had dinner with the inlaws last night    having the 'rents and brother & sister-to-be over to our house tonight to cook out!
oh my goodness <propfirst> totally bought a brand new <propmale> sportster last night    it is being delivered today!!  i really don't care that he bought one i just want him home in one piece everyday!!  please pray   
neighbors grove youth is having a car wash and bake sale tomorrow at the church starting at 10am!!  everybody come by if you can!!
off to the big town of mebane tonight to visit my parents    coming home tomorrow after my brothers conratulations dinner!!  he passed his classes he's an emt now!!
in <propfirst>' office at church right now    maybe going to camp meeting tonight   
over at the inlaws   
gonna play outside with my kids then little miss caileigh has to get her 2 year old shots today    sad 
gonna go shopping with my mother in law than going to camp meeting tonight   
making plans to go to the beach with the in-laws   
i love sundays   
gonna take a walk with my kids and mother inlaw   
church then lunch with my family then hopefully the sun will start shining and we can spend some time outside!!
week one of the mother daughter weight loss challenge    i lost 2 1 2 pounds and 7 1 2 inches!!
cleaned all morning    taking care of my 3 kids now    haha <propfirst> sprained or broke his ankle last night and he's a worse patient than either of the kids    i love him though i wouldnt have it any other way!!
we went and got christian some back to school shoes this morning    i cant believe summer is almost over already!!  i'm not ready for school to start yet!  i like having the kids home with me!
week 2 of the mother daughter weight loss challenge    down 3 1 2 pounds and 5 1 2 more inches!!  yay!!
"caileigh is a little under the weather    i hope she is better by friday since we have our first \date night\"" planned pretty much since she has been born!! ahh the joys of parenthood!! i seriously hate it when she is sick i wish i could take her place!"""
"just sent christian off to his first day of second grade!!  it just doesn't seem possible    my little boy isn't gonna be my \little\"" boy much longer   """
thank u everybody for ur birthday wishes!!  going out to <propfemale> garden with my hubby and kids later to celebrate!!  yay!!  i don't have to cook on my bday!!!
gotta clean up   
gettin ready to watch the kentucky game with my dad    atleast they are not playin the heels or it might get kinda ugly in here!  smile 
really????
getting ready to play hide and seek with my babies     i love being a mom!!!
"the snow finally hit mebane    the kids are staring out the window as excited as if they were seeing it for the first time, its so cute!"
"christian and caileigh are playing with her new kitchen set and he told her to bow her head and pray for the food they just cooked, it was so sweet!!  bless their little hearts!"
getting a horrible headache     sad 
hey white liar the truth comes out a little at a time   
everybody plug your ears im getting ready to scream!!!
going for a run before the sun goes down!! lovin this weather!!
ready to yell at the tv!!  lets go heels!!!!
dontcha hate it when people read waaaaaayyyyyyyyyy too much into random statements!!!!!!!!!!!
tough day for christian tomorrow    prayers appreciated!!!!
christian walked in his new school this morning like he had been going there for years!!  i thank god i have such a great kid!!!
i asked christian if there were any cute girls in his new class and he turned red and said moooooooooooommmmmmmmmmm!!  then after a second he said yeah mom there are some hot girls in my class!!!
hanging out with my precious girl today   
caileigh's version of the alphabet    a b c c d f  h h h h i l m p z            
going outside with my babies to enjoy this amazing weather   
it's amazing how 30 minutes of cleaning can be completely destroyed by a two year old in about 30 seconds     smile 
"my presence will go with you, and i will give you rest  (exodus 33:14)"
getting the munchkins ready for bed    then watching the rest of the heels game   
getting ready to go to walmart    cooking for my parents tonight!!!
hanging out with my munchkins    looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow (fingers crossed  smile  )
wishing caileigh didnt take a 3 hr nap today    she is wide awake   
i wanna go fishin     
can't sleep    listening to the wolf   
"but those who wait upon god get fresh strength   they spread their wings and soar like eagles, they run and don't get tired, they walk and don't lag behind   <propmale> 40 smile 1 (the message)"
taking the kids swimming     sooooo ready for outside swimming though!!!
country music has always been the best shrink that 15 bucks can buy    ~ dierks bentley
getting ready to run off the chinese i just ate      smile 
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in my head, spin like a record crazy on a sunday night, you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild, ohh you make me smile     laugh "
i am so flippin tired of people putting my life under a microscope when they need to put theirs under it!!!!  i'm just sayin           smile ))))
dancing like a fool in the living room to some country with my little girl     smile ))
when words fail    music speaks   
coffee       smile 
christian is reading to caileigh and asking her questions about the book and she is answering them     it's so sweet!!  i have to enjoy it now bc in about 10 minutes it will all be over and they will be ready to kill each other again!!   smile 
went for a run in the beautiful sunshine    loving this warm <propfemale> weather!!   smile 
going to bed with a smile on my face    everyone have a great friday!!!  smile )))))
looking forward to a girls day with my wonderful mom     
too tired to sleep    listening to some country     surprise )
going to get my babies!!!!   smile ))))
watching <propmale> with my little <propfemale> who refuses to go to sleep           
feeling really crappy        sad 
down 15      ohhh yeah!!!  smile 
loooonnnnggggg day glad to be home finally       smile 
goodnight     smile ))
everyone have a great day!!!!   smile 
things are looking up!!!!  yay!!!!   smile ))))
going for a run while <propfirst> has a visit with the kids    
having a tea party with caileigh    well she says she is drinking tea and she is making me coffee      smile 
"going to pick christian up fro school in a little bit, then playing outside with my wonderful kids in this beautiful weather!!!   surprise )"
so excited that the home phone is finally fixed     hopefully a new cell phone is next!!  smile 
goodnight everyone!!
caileigh isn't listening to anything i say today so i just asked her if she speaks english and she says no my dont speak english mom     there ya have it i have been fussing in the wrong language     smile 
getting ready to go tanning     smile 
watching the blind side and trying to get caileigh to sleep     smile 
happy friday!!!!   surprise }
dance party in the living room with the kids     lovin it!!!   surprise )
coffee icecream      yum!!  surprise }
"both of the kids are finally asleep, hopefully they will stay that way until like 9am    wishful thinking!!!!!"
"hanging out with the kids until <propfirst> comes, then running, tanning and shopping!!   smile "
watching the ky game with dad     he's not too happy right about now                
goodnight     
"church, lunch, running, tanning       smile "
say what you need to say    you never know if it will be your last opportunity to say it   
ok no more thunder please    caileigh is finally back to sleep    go away storm!!!
so frickin' confused         and it totally sucks!!!!
hoping tomorrow is a better day        sad 
headed to asheboro for a bit then an easter egg hunt with the munchkins at the park and church later     everyone have a great day!!!   surprise ]
finally getting to sit down & eat after a long day     subway    yum      smile 
caileigh is yelling go heels at the tv     adorable!!!
picking christian up from school then headed to asheboro     then???????
going to eat at red <propfirst> with mom and dad        surprise )
getting ready to workout and shower    then meeting <propfemale> in gboro for lunch  surprise ]    then ??????????
i need a puppy                                                 
happy easter to everyone!!!   surprise ]
going to see the last song with momma!!!   smile 
feeling good after my run in perfect weather!!!   surprise )
going for a morning run and to the tanning bed          
cleaned out my friends list    anyone else who doesnt approve of my choices feel free to delete me thanks!!!!!!!!
it is really hard to type a resume when one child is standing on your back and the other one is sitting on your booty screaming giddy up horsey!!!!!!   smile )
fingers are crossed for the job applications i put in today!!!  :~)
"caileigh is chasing christian around with a stick screaming \pinata\""        oh she is paying him back big time!!!!   smile ))))"""
got a new cell phone last night    so i have a new # now     i still have my old cell for now so anyone can still reach me on it too           smile 
thankful my paramedic brother was here today when christian cracked his head open      and very happy no stitches were required!!!
i really wanna go see rascal flatts!!!!!!!!
feeling     crappy      hopefully going for a long run will clear my head!!!
said i wouldn't call but i've lost all control & i need you now    
soooooo sick to death of stupid people!!!!!!!!!!!!!
getting my haircut then heading to greensboro          smile 
hanging out at wasabi with my bro & ash!!   smile 
just got done tanning   now going for a run    then home to clean     
just know wherever you are <propfemale> i pray for you                     
"looooonnnngggg day of cleaning and moving furniture in, out and all around       time for a bubble bath      smile "
church    then doing whatever until the kids come home tonight        have a great sunday!!
sooooo glad my munchkins are home!!!!   surprise )
bed finally     really hoping caileigh sleeps all night     everyone have a wonderful week!  smile 
workin out       woo hoo!!
tanniing     hope i don't fall asleep    sooooo tired      surprise )
put some applications in today    prayers appreciated!!!   smile 
"workin out,shower then headed to asheboro    uuggghhhh     really dont wanna go to asheboro today      sad "
supper with my munchkins and a great friend     not a bad trip to atown after all       smile 
just got done filling out yet another application    fingers crossed   goodnight everyone!!!
cailiegh slept in her big girl bed all night last night!!!  wooo hooo!!  smile 
it's so pretty outside!!!  i think we will walk to pick christian up from school in a little bit    smile 
goodnight all!!!  happy friday!!!  smile 
there's nothing better than your child running up to you and giving you a big hug and kiss just because they feel like it!!!   smile 
dogwood festival with the munchkins!!  smile 
grasshopper game tonight    wooo hooo!!   smile 
sooo excited its not raining right now!!!   smile 
massive headache         sad 
i have the coolest kid ever!!  christian said i know it's my birthday tomorrow but when you walk to pick me up from school can you bring a trash bag so i can pick up the trash on the ground?  how great is that???
on my way to dr  with caileigh    giant whelps all over her    prayers appreciated!!!
happy birthday to my favorite little boy in the world!!!  it's hard to believe christian is 8 today!!!
christian said he had the best birthday ever but poor caileigh is whelpy and itchy!!!  i will be so glad when she is better!!
it is what it is & i'm done playing nice!!! smile 
got a job offer!!!  too bad it was part time in <propmale>!!!  i would use my entire paycheck for gas!!! hopefully something else will come along soon!!!   smile 
ewwwww!!! seriously if u are older than my dad do not hit on me!!! gross!!!!!!!
on my way to atown for caileighs dr apt    thank god she is doing better!  then dropping the kids off with their dad for the weekend    what will i do then??? & the rest of the weekend???  smile 
goodnight!!!
running then giving my car a much needed bath      smile 
"my mom just tried to \teach\"" me to move her car (which is a stick shift) so i can wash it for her    i have never laughed so hard in my life!!  i hit a rocking chair and the thing cut off about 5 times & i was just moving it from the driveway to the yard!!  trying to learn to drive it for real should be very interesting!!!   surprise )"""
go dj!!!  wooo hooo!!!
sooooo tired    getting things ready for tomorrow then going to bed    hopefully i will actually sleep tonight   
enjoying the sun & waiting for my munckins    loving lazy sundays!!
"ohhhh i soooo dont feel like workin out, but i'm gonna do it anyway     sad "
"thank you dad for teaching my daughter to call people a \butt cracker\""     the cashier at walmart said hello to her today and caileigh said she wasn't going to say hello back bc the lady was a butt cracker       (it was sooooo hard not to laugh though)  smile """
going to try to go to bed    it will be hard since the ac broke in the house today & it's like a million degrees in here    im the kind of person who likes it freezing with tons of blankets     uuuugggghhhh!!!  hopefully it will be fixed tomorrow   
another part time job offer in <propmale>      uugghhh!!! full time please!!!
"the ac still isnt fixed, they had to order a part or something    thankful its raining and cooling it off in this hot house!!!!!"
got rid of some crap today that wasnt needed anymore!!  movin on & letting go feels wonderful!!!  surprise )
going for a run!!!!!!  surprise )
" love  before you were conceived, i wanted you \before you were born, i loved you  when you were born, i saw you and\knew i was in love  before you were an hour old, i knew i would die for\you  with mother's day approaching, repost this if you have children you love more than life   happy mothers day to all   we are blessed!! love "
"christian made me a mothers day card that said, i love you so much mom!!  i love you more than doritos!!!  gotta love 8 year olds!!!   smile "
so thankful to be a mommy to two wonderful little munchkins!!!
this time baby i'll be bullet proof        smile 
"cause im as free as a bird now, and this bird u cannot change       "
"there's somethin 'bout the way, the street looks when it's just rained, there's a glow off the pavement, you walk me to the car, and you know i wanna ask you to dance right there, in the middle of the parking lot   yeah     "
"is sleepy, very very sleepy          "
"while u scream at your woman, there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear  while u humiliate, offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while u hurtyour woman, there's a man wishing he could make love to her  while u make your woman cry there's a man stealing smiles from her   re- post this if you're against domestic violence ?"
i have got to start going to bed earlier!!!!  surprise )
it's almost friday!!!!  smile   love 
goodnight fb    looking forward to tomorrow!!!  smile 
headed to atown then to gboro       wink 
kville what what     
going to eat @ <propmale>'s with momma & daddy     
yay!!!    surprise )   my babies r home!!!!
" love  tough girls come from new york  sweet girls,\they're from alabama  but us north <propfemale> girls, we have fire and ice\in our blood  we can ride horses, be a debutante, throw left hooks, and\drink with the boys, all the while making sweet tea, darlin' and if we have\an opinion, you know you're gonna hear it  i love being       a north <propfemale>\girl!!!!( repost if your a true north <propfemale> girl)  love "
watching the neverending story with caileigh      smile 
 annoyed       
is sooo happy it's wednesday!!!  surprise )  yay!!!
just the thought of u can drive me wild    oh u make me smile!!!!!
is wondering what the future holds       
it is what it is        but im smilin!!   surprise )
i sooo don't feel like running     but    i'm gonna     smile 
hmmmm       annoyed 
the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams     
off to <propmale> world     
gonna try to get some sleep    
the best things in life are une playful ected    because there were no e playful ectations   
"baby sometimes u say the craziest things, i love how u don't care what nobody thinks, you're highly original, totaly in-typical, never change, all i gotta do is look at your smilin face    and there u go    "
"church, lunch, family time then gboro later!!! yaaaayyyyy!!!"
is takin care of business    wooo hooo!!!  surprise )
"a firefighter is missing their \family while caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read \this: firefighters all over the world are saving lives  it's \firefighter appreciation week   repost if you are a firefighter, \love a firefighter or appreciate a firefighter  you really never know how wonderful they are until you have the\unfortunate event when you need them! then you really appreciate them "
"\you are responsible for your life  you can't keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction  life is really about moving on \""   oprah"""
don't be a victim    do something    you don't need an invitation to your own life   
uggghhh     really????
sooo excited that my weekend starts tomorrow!! yay!!  surprise )
u make me smile like the sun fall out of bed sing like bird dizzy in my head        
hoping i feel good tomorrow       sad 
ugh    wish i could sleep   
cause i can't help it if u look like an angel    can't help it if i wanna kiss u in the rain   
makin cheese cake       wink 
bed finally   
baseball!!!!!!!  wink 
"in times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive "
do i make ur  love  beat like an 808 drum    is my love ur drug???
"when you live your life with an appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, you connect with the underlying field of infinite possibilities       deepak chopra"
"we keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths   \walt disney"
"i've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back  \~maya angelou"
"live for this day only, don't try to take on your whole life problems at once     "
opportunities never come to those who wait    they are captured by those who dare to attack   ~paul j  meyer
we're driving down the road i wonder if u know i'm trying so hard not to get caught up now    but your just so cool run your hands through your hair absent mindedly makin me want you   
gleeee!!!!
"our greatest <propfemale> is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall \\~confucius"
gonna try to put my sick little muchkin to bed    hope she feels better soon   
has a very busy day ahead           
picking christian up from his last day of second grade     wow!!
just had supper with my brother    he cooked for me!!  headed to gboro soon     yay!!!
our attitude towards life determines life's attitude toward us     <propmale> nightingale
choosing to smile & stay positive through all of the negativity              
"you can't go forward while looking backward   don't spend your life looking over your shoulder asking \why\"" and \""what if \""  look forward to your future and embrace new challenges head on   """
happy father's day to my amazing daddy     & to all the other wondeful fathers out there as well     
working     & that's a good thing!!!  everyone have an awesome week!!!
been an extremely busy day    accomplished quite a bit though!!  yay!!!   smile 
ok    not a fan of getting up this early      :  
we are what we think   all that we are arises with our thoughts   with our thoughts we make the world              buddha
"i'm gonna live where the green grass grows   \watch my corn pop up in rows   \every night be tucked in close to you   \raise our kids where the good lord's blessed   \point our rocking chairs towards the west   \plant our dreams where the peaceful river flows   \where the green grass grows   "
sunburn sucks!!!!!!!!!!
what lies behind us and what lies before us are <propfemale> matters compared to what lies within us         <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>
happy 3rd birthday to my beautiful daughter!!  mommy  love  's you caileigh <propfemale>!!!!
on my way to the beach with the munchkins       surprise )
the future is no more uncertain than the present           ~walt whitman
country girls they wanna cuddle      kids out playin in a big mud puddle         
"now, think of the happiest things     it's the same as having wings             ~peter pan~"
camping      love 
had a wonderful time watching fireworks!!!!!   smile 
 annoyed 
ready for friday!!!
i've been spending all my time just thinkin bout ya     i don't know what to do     i think i'm fallin for ya   
"find a guy who calls u beautiful instead of hot, who will lie under the stars & listen to ur  love beat, or lie awake to watch u sleep, wait for the boy who kisses ur forehead, who wants to show u off to the world when u are in sweats, who holds ur hand in front of his friends, who thinks ur just as pretty w o makeup on, one who constantly reminds u how much he cares, the one who turns to his friends and says\that's her\"""""
"the way you walk , the way you talk, the way you say my name    its beautiful wonderful don't you ever change   "
"lazy yellow <propfemale> comin up tonight shinin through the trees, crickets are singin & lightnin bugs are floatin on the breeze    baby get ready                   yep     i think its time to go camping again     smile "
 love  the rain       only 1 thing missing though      wink 
ok    so the all <propfemale> game is on & we have no power    not cool!!!!
i'm sooo ready for things to be simple for a while      
\crying is all right in its own way while it lasts  but you have to stop sooner or later," and then you still have to decide what to do \""\"7d26fb41fc0593b691be716b2f993c7d,\don't waste your life in doubts and fears: spend yourself on the work before you," well assured that the right performance of this hour's duties will be the best preparation for the hours or ages that follow it \""\"7d26fb41fc0593b691be716b2f993c7d,finally going to bed    now if only my brain would turn off so i can go to sleep      annoyed 
don't worry    about a thing   every little thing   is gonna be alright     
"have no fear for giving in, have no fear for giving over, \you better know that in the end, its better to say too much   \than to never           say what you need to say    "
getting ready to go look at apartments with my brother       hoping we are successful in finding the perfect one for us!!!!
good things happen to some people         ~earl <propmale>
be prepared & be honest     ~ <propfirst> wooden
"obstacles don't have to stop you   if you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up   figure out how to climb it, go through it or work around it      ~michael <propfirst> (enfj)"
i  love  camping at the lake!!!!!!
tired of running in circles just 2 get nowhere!!!
my wheels are spinning about a million <propmale> a minute      so much to think about & do its insane     taking each day as it comes is easier said than done    
i'm goin out tonight in my red high heels                   
do the one thing you cannot do   fail at it   try again   do better the second time   the only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire   this is your moment   own it      ~ oprah
don't frown    u never know who may be falling in love with your smile        smile 
getting ice cream with my beautiful daughter!!!  smile 
had a great evening with my baby girl    ice cream & a walk (4 me a 2 mile piggy back ride 4 her) & a silly string fight     fun stuff!!!  smile 
 love  's watching lightning         
trust yourself & follow your instincts    if something feels wrong    it probably is    
wooooooooooo hooooooooooooo!!!!!!!! moving soon!!!!!!!!   smile 
taking a break from packing     ready to be done and i just got started!!  lol
moving today       
come on red sox!!!!!!  smile 
i  love  looking at lightning!!  smile 
i think i'm gonna go into the laundromat business    these people have got to make a killing    
you keep me laughin with those funny faces    you always know just what to say that's right       love 
going 2 bed soon    starting college in the morning     wow!!!
i need        coffee       smile 
1 2 of my  love  's got a grip on the situation 1 2 of my  love  needs time       
women are made to be loved    not understood    ~oscar wilde
dinner & a movie     love 
is soooo thankful for wonderful people who help you out when you're in a pinch!!!   surprise )  thanks so much guys!!!!!!
ok    seriously needing some prayers right now    ready for this to go smoothly so i can finally quit stressin     annoyed 
i hate to look into those eyes & see an ounce of pain       g&r
"headaches & class don\t mix      sad """
he's the kind of guy who makes you love your name just by the way he says it         wink 
ugh    i have the worst luck      annoyed 
 love  's this weather!!!  surprise )
"to fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead          "
out of math    now studying for psych exam later    
"caileigh just gave me a piece of bubble gum so 8 can blow bubbles 4 her    she said \ be careful & don't swallow it mommy\""     how sweet      smile """
full house     pizza     & football      smile 
go vikings!!!!!!!
it's official    i have the best bf ever!!!!
the kids are asleep!! time to relax    cuddle up on the couch & watch a movie    love 
its cold out here!! but i love it!!  bring on fall!!!!  smile 
getting pampered today   early birthday present from my boy     i'm such a lucky girl!!! love 
jpt  love  gone but not forgotten     
just like drivin on an open highway never knowin what we're gonna find    just like two kids baby always tryin to live it up    that's our kinda love          love  4  love          
i hate hospitals!!!!  annoyed 
having realizations you never wanted in the first place really sucks    but it is what it is   
i love when you tell me that i'm pretty when i just wake up    & i love how you tease me when i'm moody but its never too much   
feeling really crappy    so ready to go home & my first class hasn't even started yet    ugh    annoyed 
"i wanna be the girl he gives his hoodie to to wear and cuddles up next to me when its cold     i want him to come up behind me & wrap his arms around my waist, catch me off guard & whisper in my ear you look beautiful babe   "
the smile on your face let's me know that you need me    there's a look in your eyes that says you'll never leave me    the touch of your hand says you'll catch me if ever i fall     you say it best when you say nothin at all   
really?!?! its my birthday week! that means people are suppose to be nice to me!!!
getting some homework done    then off to my classes  birthday dinner with the parents later!!! yay chocolate chip cheesecake!!!!
thank god for 2 tv's    he can watch 30 for 30 & i can watch gleeeeeeeeee!!!!  wink 
loves sittin on the porch listening to music & talkin to him     love 
is quite sleepy   
test    getting hair done    & ready for the weekend!!!
he is the best thing that's ever been mine     love   wink 
i'm tryin not to tell u but i want to i'm scared of what you'll say so i'm hidin what i'm feelin but i'm tired of holdin this inside my head     wink 
whoa whoa stuck like glue you & me baby we're stuck like glue   
taking my baby girl to the doctor then coming home & sanitizing everything so we can all get better already    it sucks seeing the people you love feeling so badly    sad 
making homemade chicken noodle soup for my sick loves    hope it does the trick     smile 
is really confused by parents who fuss at their children for not covering their mouths when they cough sneeze when they don't know how to do it themselves   
if u love    love hard bc tomorrow isn't promised    & say it before its too late   
"loves \just because\"" flowers     smile """
i like it on the desk right inside the door      
"you think i'm pretty without any makeup on    you think i'm funny when i tell the punch line wrong    i know you get me so i'll let my walls come down, down      "
got my mani & pedi while i was in kville     goin out tonight  smile )))))     yay!!!
"i'd climb right up to the sky, take down the stars,  just to be in your arms baby i'd go and capture the <propfemale>    that's what i would do    just to hear you say that you love me    "
" love  it was not into my ear that you whispered, but into my heart    it was not my lips that you kissed, but my soul    love     <propfemale> <propmale>"
is so very excited about the weekend!!!  smile )))  love 
you know that i love you boy hot like mexico     wink 
thank you gtcc for having hot tea in your bookstore to warm me up since you like to keep your classrooms freezing     smile 
yummy mexican food with the boy    now redbox time     smile ))  love 
lunch & shopping with <propfemale>!!!  smile 
its finally friday!!!  smile ))  love  yaaaayyyyyyeeeee!!!!!!
9 inches  sad     
has had an incredible weekend so far    in kville for the day then who knows    it'll be fun tho   
loves lazy sundays!!!  smile ))  love 
i want to be the girl he's scared to lose    
bout to kick the boy's booty in wii boxing     just like i did yesterday in wii bowling    hehehe  wink   love 
love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning         love 
hitting golf balls with the guys    this should be interesting     smile 
"the way you take my hand is just so sweet, and that crooked smile of yours it knocks me off my feet      love "
i love you from your toes to your face     love 
i want to go back to bed     being a grown up sucks sometimes     especially when your sick   
i am    the luckiest     love 
watching the kentucky game with my boy     love 
i love cooking with my boy     love      making pumpkin cheesecake pie & pumpkin cookie     smile ))
is such a happy girl!!!  smile )))  love 
ur love is one in a million    it goes on & on & on    u give me a really good feeling all the day long     love 
christmas tree shopping with the boy!!! love 
we didn't get to have a yummy turkey for thanksgiving this year    so    we decided to make one ourselves!!! yay!!!  smile 
is so lucky that her boy takes such good care of her when she doesn't feel well     smile   love 
celebrating my boy's 29th birthday today!!! hope it's an amazing day for him!!!  love 
had dinner and did a little christmas shopping with the boy for the munchkins    now just chillin at the house    it is way to cold to be anywhere else   lol  smile 
redbull                       
how do i find the only frickin boy in nc that is a wildcat fan??? i get enough torture from my family about being a tarheel & not a wildcat    really??? it would be soooo great if nc could pull this one out!!!  smile 
watching the jets game and doing homework     not exactly my idea of the best night     one more week   thank god!!!  smile 
number game      laugh 
#69     lol     we never spent much time together but the times we had classes together were a blast    you are hilarious and so much fun to be around     smile 
#14     you came into my life when i least e playful ected you    i'm so thankful that you are in my life in such a big way    i truly am a very lucky girl    i love you!!!  love 
1001     what can i say    you are awesome!!! so much fun to be around and just a great person in general    and soooo funny     smile ))
#87    i remember you and a couple other boys riding bikes to my house when we were in middle school    we really didn't associate much but i thought you were really sweet     smile 
#26 you always seemed like such a sweet girl    you have a beautiful family!!! love the profile pic     smile 
"#15 we have known each other for a long time    we were such great friends and i'm so glad that we have gotten to become friends again    you are such a wonderful, strong person and such a great mommy    love ya girl    we should get together soon     smile "
#22 u were always a good friend    always there when needed    and i now u would be now too     smile 
1984    you are honestly one of the sweetest people i have ever met!!! you are beautiful and such a good girl!
#1412    i love u girl!! i'm so glad i got to meet you!! you are such a blast to <propfemale> out with!! i'm sure we will be friends for a long time   hopefully i will see you soon!!
#87    u are such a great guy!!! never a dull moment when you are around    from u just being silly or blowing up boiled eggs all over our kitchen!!! lol     smile ))
#4    my old bestie!!! girl we had so many good times    from having mr  k wrapped around our fingers to talking on the phone for hours about a few certain boys who shall remain nameless    lol   u have the best smile and are a truly beautiful person!! i love & miss u girl!!
"#123     girl!!!! we have had so many wonderful times!!! baseball boys, icing, parties, kentucky   you are so much fun to be around and i always know we will be laughing the whole time    there is so much i could say    i love u & u r always there for me!!! can't wait for some more shopping & pf changs!!!"
#30      you are always there for me and the kids no matter what    you may not always agree with what i do but you always support me and that means so much    i know i can always count on you or come to you no matter what    love u!!!
112    u always seemed so sweet and seem like u have a great life now    i wish u all the best     smile 
#512    girl when i think about you i think fun & crazy    you always keep things interesting and i'm glad we have remained friends   
#33    i remember thinking that you were really pretty and sweet    too bad we didn't know each other better   
"#44    i remember wearing your starter jacket like everyday of 6th grade    lol    & that you, me & <propmale> were pretty much inseparable    you were so sweet and such a great friend!!! miss you bunches!!!  smile )"
#5    you are such a sweet person and so talented!!! i hope the best for u and ur family   
so glad that my exams are over    one more for the boy tomorrow then a few weeks to rest our brains!!! yay!!!
waiting to speak to an advisor about changing my <propmale>!!!
 love  i'll stay right here    it's where i'll always belong   tied with your arms   you see through all my fears & that's what got us here   love is an ocean wide     love 
"said i promise to never fall in love with a stranger, you're all i'm thinking of, i praise the lord above, for sending me your love, i <propfemale> every hug, i really love you     love "
waiting in a huge line for traffic court in terribly painful heels    ugh    this is gonna be a long day   
its amazing how one day can change everything    yesterday things were not looking so good    but thanks to wonderful parents today is much brighter!!! thank u to all of u who love me & help me out all the time!!! i am truly blessed!!!
snow day with the munchkins today! playing & cleaning & getting ready for christmas!!
"ain't like it ain't gonna happen, forevers a given, its already written, who we kiddin baby come on    "
"tanglewood with the boy, the 'rents & the muchkins!!!  smile )))"
"rearranging bedrooms, moving bedrooms, the boy is building & i am cleaning    all to get ready for the kids big christmas surprise!!! i hope they like it!!!  smile ))"
i seriously have the best bf ever!!! finally done with the kids surprise!! gonna finally sit & chill for a bit!! thank u baby for everything u did today!!!  smile  i  love  u!!!
i really hope i'm not getting a stomach bug!!! we are suppose to have christmas with the boys family today & i feel awful right now!!! ugh    <propfemale> ale here i come!!!
feels very yucky    sad 
ugh    i hate sending my kids to their dads when they are sick    its not that they won't get taken care of bc i know their mamaw will    mommies just always do a better job of it    hope they r both feeling well for christmas     sad 
<propmale> dunham christmas special!!! woooo hooooo!!!!  smile 
road trip!!!!  smile ))
went to see little fockers    too funny    now chillen with the boy   
cabin fever     annoyed 
coming home from tn on a very slushie mountain    
still on the road home    we saw some kids tubing on the side of the road so we stopped & they let us use their tube for a minute!! so much fun!!!  smile 
praying for my cousin ashtan    her water broke & she isn't due til the end of february!!!
playing sorry with the boy      smile 
new years <propfemale>!!! wow!!! this year has flown by but i'm kind of thankful for that!  bring on 2011!!! can't wait to see what wonderful things it has in store!!! <propfemale>ryone have a great one & be safe!!!
my cousin ashtan that went into labor a few days ago is now in real labor    the doctors could not prolong it any longer     she isn't due til the end of february     prayers appreciated for her & her new baby girl    
you better let somebody love u before its too late     
getting a headache     annoyed       
"dear new noisy neighbors,           shhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!"
i am the luckiest!!!!!  love 
dinner for shmucks with the boy     smile  love 
sometimes that mountain you've been climbing is just a grain of sand         
ice cream with my babies!!!  smile 
playdough!!!
with you i'd dance in a storm in my best dress    fearless    
caileigh says she does not want to go to school tomorrow & i asked her what she would do while i was in class if she didn't go to school    she said stay here & mess up my room     silly girl   
movie night with the munchkins!!!
time really does fly when you're having fun smile ))           love  8  love 
dropped off the babies sad 
"if conversation is the lyrics, laughter is the music, making time spent together a <propfemale> that could be replayed over & over without getting stale    "
has the flu     annoyed 
so ready for us to feel normal again    please go away flu!!!
i am the luckiest!!!  love 
cleaning    getting the last remnants of the flu out of our house!!!
munchkin has the flu     sad 
i seriously don't know how i got so lucky!!!  love 
blastin <propfirst> aldean & singin in the shower    gotta be as good as the concert right!?!?
homework is done!! now gonna get the house ready for tomorrow night!!  smile  can't wait to see you guys!!
guess i'm a kentucky fan tonight    lol!  watchin the game with the boy!!
go celtics!!!! smile 
had a great time riding bikes with the boy!!! so glad we got to enjoy this beautiful day!!!  smile   love 
is so ready for the next few weeks to fly by!!  so many great things to look forward to!!  smile 
forever could never be long enough for me    to feel like i've had long enough with you     love 
so happy the weekend is here!!!  smile )) going out tonight yayyyyeeeee!!!!!
new bed!!!! yay!!! hopefully will wake up feeling good in the morning!!!!  smile ))
"i'm gonna live where the green grass grows, watch my corn pop up in rows, every night be tucked in close to you, raise our kids where the good lords blessed, point our rockin' chairs towards the west, plant our dreams where the peaceful river flows         where the green grass grows      love "
"    promise me you'll always be, happy by my side    i promise to sing to you, when all the music dies     love "
<propfemale>     love 
misses the sunshine     sad 
is so very tired but still has homework   ugh     ready to relax   
"i'm gonna love you forever, forever and ever amen    as long as old men sit and talk about the weather    as long as old women sit and talk about old men    if you wonder how long i'll be faithful    just listen to how this song ends    i'm gonna love you forever and ever, forever and ever amen    love "
wishin we had our full week for spring break    ugh   
breakfast with my momma & my man    now pedicures with my momma    good day!!!!!
please pray for my papaw <propmale>    he was in a car accident in kentucky & the hospital won't release any information right now   
please continue to pray for my papaw <propmale> in ky    he was in a car accident this morning he had a tear in his aorta & may have to have heart surgery   
what a perfect day for baseball!!!
my papaw gets to come home from the hospital today!!! thank u for all of your prayers    smile 
"in honor of ms awareness week, march 14th-20, 2011 i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms)  i know my friends will  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting ms! i love you mom!!!"
movie night with the munchkins!!!  smile 
at barneys birthday bash with my caileigh bug!!!  smile 
had a wonderful day with my caileigh <propfemale>!! she loved seeing <propmale>!!  smile 
sometimes the most ordinary things can be made extraordinary simply by doing them with the right people   
my babies are in bed early    they had a fun & tiring weekend    i'm almost done with my homework    ready to relax with the boy before another busy week starts tomorrow!!
weekend away with my boy!!! ready for <propfemale> daniels wedding tomorrow!!!  smile 
i have the most incredibly wonderful boyfriend anyone could ever ask for!!! thank u baby for everything!!!
i'm a tarheel from kentucky & he's a wildcat from north <propfemale>     this should be interesting      love 
court tomorrow    prayers appreciated   so ready for this to be over   
are u gonna kiss me or not? are we do this or what? i think u know i love u a lot i think we've got a real good shot    are u gonna kiss me or not?  love 
caileigh & i are listening to country while she is brushing my hair    & she is singing way more words than i knew she could!!! its so cute!!
watchin mobbed with the boy    love 
"no one will get this right! my middle name is_______, my favorite soda_______, my full birthday_______, who is the love of my life______, my best friend_______, favorite color______, favorite food_______, my moms name_____???? put as your status and see who knows you best!!!!  smile "
bout to watch the wildcats with my boy    guess i'm a wildcat fan tonight since my boys are out (& my family would kill me if i weren't) lol!!
ummm    is <propfirst> aldean for real rapping right now???
"if you’ll be my soft and sweet, i’ll be your strong and steady,you be my glass of wine,i’ll be your shot of whiskey,you be my <propfemale> day,i’ll be your shade tree,you be my <propfemale>suckle,i’ll be your <propfemale> bee      smile "
