3cec5259aa5661bb41072777c32a0937
pretty much spent 2 days only reading on my kindle  really loving it too 
oh the wonders of boredom!
i don't feel like sleeping! don't you hate bad dreams that make you not want to sleep the next night?
is watching the third season of law and order: svu!
is still so very sleepy!!!!
is going to re-read <propmale> potter #7 for the fourth time!!!
saw planet 51 with my daddy!
is going home today! i never know when i come back though! my cell number is 550-1206!
i have the internet now!
i am way to tired to function today!!
"gosh, i need a job, so i can have money, to buy a license, to save for a car, so i can drive it!!!!!!"
"i need a job, to have some money, to buy my license, to save for a car, so i can drive it!!!!"
i have the biggest headache!! all day long!
i'm in boise at my daddy's house  he had a minor heart attack and he is doing better now 
im so excited for <propfemale> in wonderland! i can't wait to see it!
i'm going home sunday  and i really need to study for quizzing! i forgot to bring it with me  and also study for my stupid ged math test! the only one i have left  yeah i put it off til now! i avoided it as much as possible! now i have no choice 
oh the joys of doing laundry!!
"i keep forgetting everything  to call someone back, to wish someone happy birthday, etc etc etc!"
just being bored to death  i really need to find a life!
i feel bad that no one ever tells me about school stuff  events that i can attend but no one bothers to tell me about! i'm starting to see a pattern!
i hate being sick!!! i spent an entire day sleeping  literally!
"i get to go to drain, oregon next week with kassy and <propfirst>  i'm ssoo excited!"
"is going to read my <propfemale> nicolson book, british books are hilarious! and amazingly entertaining!"
just watching threes company and being bored 
i am sssooo excited for this week!!!
i finally got to see the ocean!!! it was ssoo much fun! except for i almost drowned!
"\i destroy my enemies when i make them my friends \"" -<propmale> <propmale>"""
have you ever cracked up laughing and can't stop but there was nothing funny in the first place?
"i love spring!! i love the rain, the thunder, even sometimes the wind! it's much more better than the snow!"
"\the difference between try and triumph is a little umph\"" -<propmale> phillips"""
"\one of the few things in this life over which we have total control is our own attitudes \"" -<propmale> rohn"""
"\the truth will set you free but first it will probably piss you off \"" -<propfirst> macpherson """
i wish i owned pretty woman! i so want to watch it right now! i love <propmale> <propfirst> movies!
"how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list? well, here's a task for you   i want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met  i mean our first encounter ever  then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get  fun to read some history!"
i hate fractions!! that's why i'm not getting so far on studying 
"if i want to finish my math by the middle of may, i've really got to start studying  so i need to spend less time on the computer and more time studying!"
"reading pride and prejudice, and i've got to say, i hate mr  collins!! he's such a jerk!"
i get to go to pocatello next month!! i'm so excited! i miss my family so much! i get to drive part of the way too!
i added some old pictures i found of family and stuff  just because i can 
i just watched the blind side and it was ssoo good!
i just watched the back to the future trilogy  wow confusing!
just watched the young <propfemale>! it was awesome  not as boring as i thought it would be 
just watched 7 hours of the first season of bones!
"leaving for pocatello in the morning  for an entire week  hopefully i will get some studying done, and have fun seeing moms side of the family  i will most likely have zero access to a computer, let alone the internet "
so glad to be home  i had alot of fun in pocatello but nothing beats being home!
oh i hate the flu  i spent all of yesterday so sick i could barely walk  and it would take me 20 minutes just to get up  thank god it only lasted 24 hours 
i hate allergies!
i voted for the very first time today! kind of exciting getting to use the right that we fought for 
there seems to be a misunderstanding that i'm graduating this year  i haven't finished my ged yet  i still have my math test which will be completed by the end of the summer 
stupid allergies! with the sneezing and the headaches! guh!
i love and hate technology at the same time  our stupid computer is having issues  took me 10 minutes to get the internet to work 
congrats to all the seniors who graduated!! good luck in the real world!
"finally got my hair cut short, my head feels 5 pounds lighter "
nothing like a good thunderstorm  i love it!
needs an <propfemale> tree for farmville 
"came home from the kenley family reunion in <propmale> today, and i'm exhausted  but man did i have fun "
"i have a huge headache, my nose is stuffy, i'm tired and my throat hurts so bad, i hate being sick!"
"didn't visit the festival at all this week, but when i went into my room i could hear the carnival rides and performers, that was plenty enough for me!"
"just watched dear <propfirst>, and wow what an amazing movie "
finally finished pride and prejudice after months of trying to read it and understanding it  next: sense and sensibility!
"watched the movie ghost for the first time, aside from having seen the end once  i'd have to say its a pretty good movie "
"i like twilight but man am i tired of seeing it everywhere i go! almost every clothing store has them, fast food, wal-mart, etc    it's starting to get old  but that's just my opinion "
"read a walk to remember and now i'm very disappointed in the movie  i loved it but the movie is nothing like the book, they changed everything but like 4 things  if your gonna make a movie out of a book at least keep it somewhat true to the original idea "
"riddle me this, riddle me that, whose afraid of big black bat!"
stupid broken useless camera!  sad 
it's really irritating when i go out to do my laundry and someone decided to use my designated day of the week  i never use their day  why is it that no one can seem to follow the rules in this place?
oh how i love days like these where it's not warm but it's not cold  bring on fall 
"if you think about it if you don't notice how odd and embarrassing your family is because the weird and insane things they do are so incredibly normal to you that you don't even notice, even though everyone around you notices but yourself because you are most likely just as insane as they are "
"still have my stupid math test for my g e d left to do  which is taking forever!! ugh i hate math, with a passion!"
stupid allergies!
re-ready eclipse just for the heck of it  and because i've already forgotten about half of what happens in it  but nothing beats curling up with a good book on the weekends  and hanging with awesome friends you haven't seen in forever 
i think i am growing!!! i've gone from being an inch taller than mom to now like 4 inches taller  aahh!!! i don't want to grow  i like my height  unless mom is shrinking 
"finally finished re-writing my stupid unorganized math notes, now all i have to do is finish everything else  this is taking longer than i care for "
"off to dad's in boise, than friday to <propmale> to see family  i'm very excited just because i never go up there so soon before thanksgiving  yay! and family reunion was barely even 2 months ago!"
"back in boise noq, got here about four and a half hours ago  had lots of fun in <propmale>  played games, went to city of rocks for a picnic, saw family  down side, got a very bad tooth ache, but tylenol is helping that!!!!"
stupid toothache  why do you torment me so!!!
watching pushing daisies via netflix! love this show so much  a crime show that's funny  perfect!
shall be home to weiser by tomorrow night    sadly i miss my <propfemale>  once i'm home i probably will want to strangle her!
"off to sleep now, gotta get up early to get ready for <propfemale>'s wedding and leave by noon-ish!"
am back from <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s beautiful wedding  had so much fun  next stop chinese food!!!
uhg i hate it when i have a ton of laundry to do and need to clean my room but i just don't feel like cleaning!!
mmm!! nothing like a good warm hot cup of green tea!!!
just got scared by our car  i tried to unlock the door with the remote thing and it wouldn't work so i used the key and the moment i opened the door i set off the car alarm and for a minute couldn't get it off until i started the car  and all i wanted was to get a cd out of the car!!!! and in the process woke up everyone in the neighborhood!
"just finished transfering all my music to my somewhat new laptop that daddy gave me  thank you daddy, i love it!"
"went to the doctors today, for a check up and to re-new my sleeping meds  took my blood which i hate and got a ekg also just to see if my heart is doing good  which it is  i'm healthy just need to lose a little weight because aparently the meds made me gain weight which is something my other doctor forgot to mention to look for "
"ah new neighbors    oh how anoying and loud they are, all day if it's not music, it's jumping around and making to much noise  aahh it's never ending!!! i want some piece  now that is the downside of an apartment building  especially if they moved in right above us!!!!"
"for some reason is really wanting to watch movies set in the 1700's  like <propfemale> <propfemale>, the duchess, and the young <propfemale>  hhhmmm!!!!"
"if i go into my room i can hear the football game  an occational cannon, the announcer and even cheering! i don't even have to go to the game to know whats happening "
"eating out of a jar of nutella  mmm yummy goodness of hazelnuts, skim milk, and cocoa  its good for me and tastes great!!!"
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
had fun with kassy today  went to dennys and talked for hours!! ah i love when we do that 
it's raining!!!!!!!
finally figured out what i want to do when i finish my ged  sign up for classes at tvcc in photography  i'm good at it and i love photography 
staying up reading lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring  it's almost as good as the movie  which is a good thing 
"saw a mouse today on the patio, my cat was trying to go for it but unfortunatly she had a sliding door between her and the vermin  maybe she is useful for more than we give her credit for "
"non-pet owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets: 1) theylive here, you don't  2) if you don't want hair on your clothes, stay off the furniture  this is why it's called 'fur'-niture  3) i love my pets more than i like most people  4) to you they are just animals,      but to me they are my kids who are short, hairy, walk on all fours and don't talk back! re-post if you love your pets ?"
was curious how all the traditions of halloween started so i looked it up  interesting how it started with carving turnips to scare evil spirits away to carving funny faces on a pumpkin  and in some places kids would sing or something to earn their treat 
theres nothing like curling up with a good book and a hot cup of tea on a rainy day 
"one year in this apartment, yesterday  hard to believe  maybe soon we can paint or something "
studying my math g e d  test  finally figured out what it stands for  general education development  i'm to lesson 8  after skipping lesson 7 because i will go back and do that last because i suck at fractions 
my ipod is possessed! i'm across the room and i suddenly hear music and when i pick up my ipod it's on but the song that is playing is not the song that it says it is  it was playing a <propfirst> swift song when the screen said it was the pussycat dolls  hhhmmm  kinda freaky!!!
it's funny how i can understand my math better when i'm teaching myself just from a book than when a teacher taught it to me in a classroom 
spent the day reading my book  halfway through the first lord of the rings book  pretty good but the movie doesn't seem to be as true to the book as i would have hoped  which is kind of sad but there are parts that didn't really matter  like the crazy guy singing in the <propmale>  lol 
"got back into boise yesterday from <propmale>  feels good to be home but the weekend was alot of fun  bowled with the cousins, had <propmale>'s amazing spaghetti sauce, and just had fun seeing everyone "
put some new kind of lotion on my face and had a slight allergic reaction to it  which is quite anoying at 3 in the morning 
"woke up to snow sticking to the ground, a stuffy nose and a sore throat, for me winter has already started!"
finally getting over this stupid cold  i swear i've sneezed like 10 times today  and saw the new <propmale> potter movie with kassy and <propfirst> 
still have me stupid cold  it's better but if i sneeze one more time my nose will fall off  but at least by head doesn't feel like a helium balloon 
going to grandma kenley's house for 2 weeks  just to stay and help with things 
"grandma's was pretty fun but nothing beats being home, well one of them anyway  also got a new phone today, yay!! a kin two with a touchscreen  downside i keep pushing the wrong buttons and hanging up on people and what not "
sweet! i can check facebook from my phone! took me an entire day to figure it outa
thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!!!!
thank god for my kindle!!! it's the best technology i have ever owned!!
if i have to endure one more day of the noise in this apartment building i'm gonna smack one of those kids  seeing as i'm an adult that isn't an option  i wake up to kids bouncing around and it goes on for about 5 hours  for two weeks with not one day of peace  aahh to many headaches!!!!
"spent the day reading and eating sunflower seeds!! mmmm!!! i love when i find a really good book i just can't put down  even better, 5 in a series!"
amazing how much i dislike this apartment building  the people upstairs decided to wash their sliding door on their balcony but instead of windex or a mop they took a bucket of water and threw it on the door 6 times  while doing that the water dripped off the side and between the cracks off our sliding door causing it to drip into our apartment  and to add to that they r really loud! the joys of apartment life!
aahh!! i broke my glasses  all i was doing was cleaning them  and one of the side things that hold up the glasses just broke off  and i'm out of contacts lol  so pretty much everything at least 3 feet away is blurry 
had so much fun with kassy yesterday  we saw tangled at this really cool theater in nampa  you can order food and theres tables in the actual theater area 
"why is it that theres a sign in our laundry area saying don't use powdered detergent but someone in this apartment fails to follow  and i swear they use half a box of it cause its everywhere, caked on the machine, inside where u put clothes and on the floor and table  it's like that every week  i love this apartment but am so over the people living in 2 of the other apartments "
finally! my hair is cut short and it feels amazing! it literally feels like weight has been lifted off my shoulders lol 
oh how i love the rain  i am eagerly waiting for spring to officially be here  than the grass will be green again and flowers will grow 
"so pretty much i will be living in <propmale>, idaho with my grandma kenley  she has had heart failure and is on an oxygen tank and can't be home alone anymore  assisted living is to e playful ensive and she doesn't want to go to a nursing home  i might be there a few weeks or even half a year  i leave on saturday "
i passed my driving test!!! so hopefully tomorrow i can go take the written part and finally have my license 
i now have internet  here's a challenge  you try to e playful lain what the internet is to you're 90 year old grandmother 
is going ice skating tomorrow with <propfemale> and a few of her friends  it's gonna feel great to get out somewhere for a while  and i love ice skating!!! it's a sport that lets you fall on you're butt and its still okay!!
great i move away from a town to another town exactly the same size and yet <propmale> is more boring than weiser  i didn't think that was possible  and i miss the sound of a train in the middle of the night  somehow that's soothing 
went to <propfemale>'s tonight and it was fun  there was a random dance party in the garage  even if i didn't join in lol  i'm not much of a dancer 
i don't get why people use a tragedy like an earthquake and tsunami to scam people for money! there are people suffering and some creep wants to con someone for profit when the person giving the money just wants to help those who really need it 
i so wish it would get warmer and the wind would stop so i can get out and walk around <propmale>  i hate being cooped up all day long 
stupid tv in my room won't work  it was working 3 hours ago but no when i have the time to watch something it decides not to turn on  tech-nol-ogy!!!
oh great!! baseball season!! so now every evening i get to watch baseball and no offense to anyone who likes it but it's sssooo boring!!!! even some of the people in the stands look bored 
went to a bookstore today in burley called the book plaza  it was awesome new books and old books gallor  i bought wuthering heights  which i've always wanted to read! i have a feeling i will be spending more money there in the not so distant future  i can finally support my book addiction 
yay!!! my scentsy warmer came today  now my room smells like a thunderstorm!! i love it!!
