433fcd1ad5fac0a579adf6c570e8ae27
i really don't want to go to cheering tomorrow   
excited for creed! smile 
so excited! love 3
food   really hungry  
excited for crew fest with the boyfriendd and cousins love 3
i dont want to drive if its going to be  this difficult!! ughh!!
going to aunt doroths bday partyyy smile 
ready for rascal flatts!!!
loving adam love 3
my house is freezing   playing with the new phone  
getting ready for the gamee    i hope it isnt cold  
i dont want to go to schoool tomorrow   
going to aunt dorothys smile 
happy thanksgiving! 5 pounds here i come! haha
wants a frappe! im addicted 
thankyou everybody! smile  today has been a special day thanks to you all smile  thankyou
man i wish i could sing like beyonce or <propfemale> hudson     watching dream girls   love 3
i dont wanna study !! i hate school 
 sad 
in a real good mood smile 
ummm did i ever mention how much i really hate the snow?? sad 
"i hate snow on the weekends when i have plans, but i love it when i have school and it gets canceled! yeaaaa"
i think im anti valentinesday   <propfemale> agrees   smile 
cheering today cant wait smile 
youll be mine just wait and see its like magic smile 
<propfirst> primis was colored but he was no rainbow! lmao    smile 
i just punched her in the back of the head! lmao go <propfirst>  hehe smile 
man today is a beautiful day   but i have nothing at all to do ahhhhhhhhh     fml   lol
teaching dance at 5  smile  texts are nice  luannes is where i can be located smile 
the animosity i feel towards you burns deep inside me    if you only knew    ughhh  
"with my diva autumn and maddy tonite, texts are nice   get at me! smile "
 smile 
its friday   and i have nothing to do   any ideas? smile 
i hate when my damn key board sticks      ugghhhh    
 smile 
if you happen to get a weird random message from me   it isnt me its a virus i got from opening it when someone sent it to me   
okay petville people i need cupcakes  you send me some and ill return the favor smile  thankyouu
i sure do like the sun smile 
"whos the ultimate victory champions? that would be luannes school of dance, aka americas best dance crew! im so happy! smile "
well i just  lost feeling in my hand    ugghh its asleep   pins and needles my ass    it hurts lol
can anyone send baby bottles for farmville? i need one more and my nursery is finished!
"things to do today   cheering, then out with <propmale>, autumn , and nate  smile "
best day ever    love 3
omg im so bored  plans anyone?
i got baby turtles! smile 
getting my sing on   then who knows  text me   smile 
my feet hurt  kennywood was okayy considering the weather was eigther humid and hot or freezing rain down your backk   ugghhh  
"i cant wait for kalahari with autumn cunningham, <propfirst> hughes , <propmale> <propmale> , <propfemale> wright , shania chechuck , and <propfemale> bender ! smile "
hopefully mcsummerfest with the bestie <propfemale> zuccaro  smile 
"ima give <propfemale> <propmale> a call, since im so fat  lmao ahahahaa"
<propfemale> zuccaro : omg! i love her shirt   me: i love her boyfriend   lmao good times! ahahaha
some times i think to my self whats  the point?
my teeth are free smile   no more braces! smile 
eating chocolate icecream with sprinkles that my best friendd <propfemale> zuccaro got me smile  man do i love her smile 
on the phone with <propfemale> zuccaro  love 3 love her  feeling a little better smile 
sometimes i wish i could just hate you and be done but then i start to think and i just cant hate youu 
who knows me best? full name  age  birthday  eye color  bestfriend  nickname  copy this as your status and see who really knows you!  smile 
"going to the <propmale> family reunion in lookout,west        <propfemale>  smile "
"autumn cunningham - that breaks my heart     me you know what breaks my heart they dont stuff the oreos like they used too   and chips ahoy, are getting stingy with there chips therefore theres nothing to be ahoy about   damn economy   sad  lmao"
"in florida with <propfemale> zuccaro , text me smile  beach tomorrow!"
home  smile 
"i pray your brakes go out runnin’ down a hill \i pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like i’d like to \i pray your birthday comes and nobody calls \i pray you’re flyin’ high when your engine stalls \i pray all your dreams never come true \just know whereever you are <propfemale>, i pray for you smile "
hanging out with uncle will friday and saturday after pictures 
annoyed    ugghhhh  
i love how one une playful ected phone callcan make my whole day smile 
"i dont know how you people use coverup lol  well wish my luck lmao pictures, then with <propfirst> pethtel and hopefully <propfemale> zuccaro  smile "
home  going to babysit smile  text me 
why cant you take a hint or just call right now    lol 
"okayy right now, i miss youu   sad "
funerals today back to moundsville  its gonna be a sad day   sad 
going to the dance school smile  ill be teachin til 730 with miss <propfirst> and mr  zachary smile 
"well we lost but oh well it was fun, i like how we got told we sucked and hd to be escorted out of the game  i love moosey, its bc were hicks, no we arent? sorry i dont wanna be a city wigger! lmao so much fun  i really am not ready to graduate and leave this, im gonna miss friday nights  sad "
"i think i may have used my cell phone 3 times in the past day, this is ridiculous lol "
so whos pumped for camo and orange day tomorrow!! smile   i am!!! smile   smile 
so my best friend got homecoming smile  yea smile 
"when it rains, i pour     a couple more, rounds  til the hurtin and the heartache start to drown  i turn out the light, i turn up <propmale>, and i lock my door, when it rains, when it rains    i pour "
listen here <propfirst> <propfirst> the steelers may not kick your ass but i will !
"messaging bj, talking to britty and texting some one special now everyones happy smile "
sick came home early annoyed 
go sick nasty seniors!! powderpuff todayy smile  im so pumped!!
"well football game, lets go devils! hopefully true blood night withh britty and ohio tomorrow  smile  texts are nice  smile "
out with <propfirst> for the night going to ohio  smile 
"babysittin, school late tomorrow doctors appointment   almost fully recovered  from lastnight  hahaahha"
"got all dylans stuff done, eatin a reeses  texting and then ill be passin out soon smile "
man chorus is boring today  i hate this song!
home from dance finishin dylans stuff  senior night tomorrow so excited!!! smile  text me smile 
senior night!  smile  im so excited ! go devils  beat keystone oaks!   smile   smile   smile   smile 
"there aint nothing like a memory when its coming on strong like a huricane, how can love like that just up and walk away   its killlin me baby  love "
im so bored and cant freaking sleep!!!
extremely irritated    uggghh fml 
tell em anything you want to just dont tell em all the truth    i still need you  love 
i really wish you knew   but i think something are better left unsaid   a crap ton of homework  i seriously think my teachers hate me lmao
"going to wash high, riding on the bus  last game lets go devils!!!"
guys i think im having a heart attack!! lmao
teaching dance tonight with miss <propfirst>  love  and  mr  zachary love  text me  smile 
bored  today was a prettty good day smile  especially chorus   hehehe
senior pictures  day with <propfirst> and my momma   
watching the steeler!better kick them patriots ass  ii hate <propmale> <propmale>!
"dear <propmale> brady,\you look like a girl  smile "
"done with dance  home, layin in my bed thinkin "
stayed home sick today   my nice loving brother made me pizza burgers  smile 
ugghhhhh i hate youu      
i wish facebook creeping could be my job lol
today just keeps getting worse anything else ?
"<propfemale> zuccaro , ohh myy wow   shes a winner, is it gonna eat me?lmao"
im going through ketchup withdraws  its been two days  i cant handle it  
"happy thanksgiving!! going to visit all my family, omg im gonna gain like 30 pounds by the end of the day  smile "
"i love kings, getting my strawberry banna short stack jacks  then to ohio to see my grama smile "
ugghhhh i wanna go to gregs but i cant sorry britty boo  sad  workin at 8  sad 
senior pictures are in!  smile 
going out with my family for an early birthday  smile 
baby brayden <propfirst> was born 10 pounds 7 ounces! 22 inches long!!  smile  so excited!! congrats aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propmale>!  smile 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes  smile  i really appreciate it  smile 
"byham theatre! chorus trip!   smile   with  britty, <propfemale>, and ambuar all day  smile "
kinda confused    annoyed 
im feelin like getting in trouble  smile   @<propfemale> zuccaro  smile 
luannes  with miss <propfirst> and mr  <propmale>  smile  fun fun smile 
i love that feeling of relief when u get everything done   smile 
i seriously think today is one of the worst days ever  sad  cant wait for tomorrow 
ust got back from zachs safety dinner  smile 
gotta get to cleaning   oh yea so much fun     sad 
"anyone got any plans, sitting at home bored    sad "
baskett ball game then out to amandas party  smile 
well i feel dumb  trying to sleep 
i really dont wanna go back to school tomorrow  sad 
being sick sucks  sad 
"im broken  im not good enough  but at least im me  nothingever works out the way you wish unless ur one of those lucky people  but im not, so for now i quit  im done while im still numb  thanks for breakin my heart "
dear <propfirst> aldean thankyou for making wonderful music that makes me feel better  smile 
dance at 530  smile 
okay janelles mother brings it on herself id like to slap her uggghhh     i love teen mom 2  smile 
come on steelers lets win this!!!
"dear dear review,\i hate you so much  \with love, <propfirst> <propfirst>"
hes like a man baby!!!!! lmao
ill do it too  smile  like this and ill tell u what song u make me think of  smile 
"at county chorus, wait whats with all the half naked children    lmao  good times"
lets go steelers!! woot woot!!!! black and gold all the way!!
whose goin to the superbowl????? the steelers baby!!! watch your asses green bay cause we aint leavin without a  win!!
ive come to the conclusion that i rally hate being sick   more than anything  the sweating and coughing and not bein able to sleep     yea it really sucks 
out of school til friday  oh yea  i cant wait for this to go away  im so sick of being miserable   sad 
you know the worst part about love and life  is wanting someone who doesnt want you and trying to live the same after  
"but i shot a man in reno, just to watch him die  that whistle keeps ablowin  i <propfemale> my head and cry "
i hope i get to live a long and wonderful life like him  and im proud to say i got to meet a man like him  rip pops
pittsburgh's gonna win the super bowl!!!! come on steelers!!! smile 
all u green bay fans who keep posting and go suck it steelers all the way!!!!!  smile 
r u serious right now?
thats it boys keep it up!!!! alright hines!!!!
i love the steelers and im always gonna love the steelers but that was bull shit  sad 
i hate the feeling when your hand falls asleep ughhh the tingling! pins and needles   ugghhhhh  
getting my cheerleader a gift thengoin to senior night  smile 
goin to the viewing thn ill be home  smile 
and you could have it all   my empire of dirt   i will let you down    i will make you hurt   love 
finally home from county chorus  im freakin tired  game tomorrow morning   oh yea  and then brookes probably smile 
if your lookin for me ill be at <propfemale>'s  smile 
you break my heart and dont even know it  sad 
"if you're reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!"
i love the sound of the storm    i dont know why but i love it 
sometimes i wish i never met you   other times i miss you  and majority you piss me off   i just cant win can i? lmao
sleep early tonight not feelin to good   sad 
whose bed have your boots been under?  smile  whose heart did you steal i wonder?  smile 
got my prom dress!!  smile 
i wish you knew  but you never will 
you made me feel special like i was gonna have something real  but i was good enough i guess  i guess i was wrong again 
"i dont stop breathing everytime the phone rings, my heart dont race when someones at my door  ive almost given up thinkin your ever gonna call  i dont believe in magic anymore  i just dont lie awake at night askin god to get you of my mind  its gettin better all the time  love "
so muchh for no one bringing me down     
"going to eat n park with <propfemale> zuccaro, <propfemale> bonacci, <propfemale> strope,josh verhovec, <propfemale> wolanski, and <propmale> piergallini    smile  fun fun fun then to <propfemale> tomorrow  smile "
home goin to bed  smile  fun night   goin to <propfemale> early tomorrow thenn possibly the fight with <propfemale>  smile 
"dear <propfirst> aldean,\i love youu more when your a redneck <propmale> not so much a rapper   smile  lmao "
"dear <propfirst> dunn,\i dont bleed red, i  bleed black and gold baby!"
