a535544765ef55243442bce6bf93d381
"here's hoping that once i get past january, that 2011 will be a good year   "
the bakers are coming!  the bakers are coming!  it looks like my whole clan will be here for grandmommy's funeral 
i got 4 hours & 15 minutes of sleep last night & then i was just awake   it's going to be a long day   
"so, anyone who didn't know <propfirst> & i were starting the adoption process, we are!!  on friday, i am taking our adoption questionaire to loving alt  to find out if we will get an adoption application from them!  lots of prayers will be appreciated    smile "
turned in the questionnaire a few hours ago   hopefully we will receive an adoption application in a few weeks   
last day of vacation bible school is today!!
i have pink hair   
"so vacation bible school at the vineyard was a huge success this last week!!  it was our first year to do vbs, & i think everyone is on board to go for round 2 next year     go look at the pictures, they are really cute!   smile "
i think i have recovered from vbs   now we shall see if my hair will recover   blond + pink + chopped off hair = a very startled <propfemale> every time i look in the mirror!   smile 
so now there is some sort of caption on all 127 of my vbs pictures   i have no life   
"starting a new bible study group for the younger youth at the church   got approval from our youth minister and then from our pastor, and am now trying to figure out whether we should meet on sunday mornings or evenings   "
"i'm crampy (and that sucks) and my ring toe hurts (bacause i am mega clumsy and i'm pretty sure i broke it; it's all swollen and black and blue and purple), and so i am feeling a little grumpy tonight   lucky paulie is at work   "
going to dinner 8 tonight with <propfirst> and some other random people at some person's house   i know where we're going but i don't know who all we will be dining with until we get there   pretty apprehensive about this; don't like a whole lot of people and others tend to find me talky or snarky   
"dinner 8 was loads of fun!  paulie & i got to enjoy the company of three other couples that we don't know super well, & it was strangely entertaining & not akward at all "
"been researching adoption \stuff\"" today     there are so many great options out there!  makes it hard to rule any of them out   """
the <propmale>   
is saddened by how i can't seem to read anything without reading about the mosque in nyc 
"your new name shall be: confidence, joyfulness, overcoming one, faithfulness, friend of god, one who seeks my face "
"very excited today!  going to a friend's house to pour over adoption info with her, & then on saturday, having dinner with a friend who has some very special adoption e playful erience   love the advice of someone who has walked where <propfirst> & i are walking!"
hoping for a good day today   
"going to a friend's house for dinner tonight   she and her husband went the <propmale> to adopt route for having kids, so looking forward to hearing their personal e playful eriences   it's always helpful to talk to a real person over reading some pro-adoption rhederick on websites (i'm pro adoption, mind you, but websites tend to leave reality at the door, and i love reality, not bs) "
love the new youth sunday school class!  it's amazing how you can have a preconception of how an age group will be and then they blow you out of the water     10 middle & high school guys & gals who know what they believe & why they believe it   amazing!
"happy, happy , happy day for me!  got some news today that what i thought might potentially be putting adoption plans on hold is totally not going to throw a wrench in our plans!!  love when god has bigger things in store for me than i have for myself (even when i totally don't deserve it)"
"ok guys & gals who belong to the club formerly known as 876 (yes, i realize i just dated myself & totally showed my age), i need to know what the heck we wanna be called!!  judah & <propfemale>'s mom is going to put us on the slides for sunday mornings, but i still don't know what to tell her our name is   "
"it's 11 pm   probably should go to bed soon, but i reckon i won't "
"doesn't like when my throat hurts and my nose is stopped up and runny at the same time (and how stupid is that anyway?) and my head weighs 400 lbs and all that makes me grumpy   oh well, at least i get to subject my misery on my bible study group tonight!"
"so i finally rid my hair of its remaining pinkness today, and now it is crayola red     not on purpose, but i dig it   my niece, <propfirst>, said it looks like i have <propfirst> hair   "
needing some more second service kids church teachers at the vineyard   desperately!!  anyone interested?
i am married to a weirdo   
i have 43 identifiable mosquito bites on my legs   i'm a little pissed off at <propfirst> and <propfemale> for selfishly inflicting those stupid itch-causing bugs upon me     morons 
needing someone who wants to teach second service kids church on sunday at the vineyard   any takers?
"now i have a teacher for second service kids church (yay <propfemale>!), but i still need someone else who would like to help her   shoot me a message if you are interested "
is pretty sure <propfemale> broke her toe   she keeps hobbling around with her foot completely off the ground   i can't stand it when my babies hurt      sad 
so i was loading laundry into the washing machine singing a homemade song about how much i love pizza and how happy i am to be having it for dinner tonight when i realized that i am a total loon     the worst part about this is that i would have <propfirst> this song even if i wasn't the only person in the house!
"mastiffs suck!  goliath realized he needed to fart, got up from his cozy spot across the room, crawled up on the couch with me, put his butt in my face, farted, and then went back to his cozy spot across the room to go back to sleep   butthead!"
"a friend posted something that got me thinking about high school, so here goes     once upon a time, there was a purple cow with little bitty chicken wings who quacked like a duck   the end   talk to me if you remember the flying purple cow    smile "
"<propfirst> & i were playing slap-a-face with <propfemale> & goliath earlier, and in his enthusiasm of the game, my idiot dog jumped up & bit me in the boob   gee, can you guess which dog it was?!"
"<propmale> germany, <propfemale> & <propmale> dupree, & eisley = great concert & fun night!"
it's 11:25 pm & my dogs are outside having puppy crazies!  i love fall & what it does to my honies   
ugh   it's one of those days where i remind myself that we live in a fallen world where good things happen to bad people and bad things happen to good people   a day where i have to remind myself that only good and perfect things come from god and that he does not rejoice in my pain     i hate days like today 
"well, after 2 days of being furiously angry, i am feeling a little more like me again   i still feel it bubbling in there though, ready to set me off at any second   "
loves celebrate recovery   
<propfirst> & i are going to an adoption information meeting tomorrow night!!
good adoption info meeting last night   got a lot of helpful info from it & <propfirst> & i both got to ask some questions   next step is contacting the social worker to set up our classes!
is debating the pros of a personal boycott of barnes & <propmale> for a while   already know the con is that b&n is the only genuine new book store in <propfirst> 
"i love having dogs!  it's so nice when your loyal, loving companions are also willing to rip off the head of an intruder (and considering that one of my dogs is big enough to do so and the other one is snarky enough to decide that it was a good idea to do so, that is a genuine possibility!)  this is why i don't worry about being safe in my home   "
"as of tonight, i have officially finished a step study and worked the 12 steps and 8 principles!  yay for me!"
hates evenings like this   i've been battleing having a panic attack for the last two hours   
"there was a spider running across the arm of my couch just now   now we have to torch the couch and move   sorry husband, that's just how it is "
"sometimes the heart stubbornly wants what the heart wants   i wish i could will my heart into something else, but i don't seem to get anywhere   i suppose i will just have to be patient until circumstances bring my heart into alliance with my head   "
"is having a difficult time not being angry & resentful when i hear people lamenting over their frustrations of having two or more kids when i can't have one   and i'm not even talking about horrible people who shouldn't have kids, i just mean normal, good mommies with normal understandable difficulties   jealousy makes one very ugly sometimes   "
"i love thunderstorms!  goliath is indifferent to them   but then there's <propfemale>     over the last 15 minutes, she has followed me to the bathroom (her least favorite place), the kitchen (her second least favorite place) , & is now up my butt in the living room because i can apparently protect her from the scary storm outside   you know, the one that can't get her anyway because it's outside!!!"
"just took a spiritual gift analysis for cr & discovered my gifts lie in showing mercy, administration, & shepherding"
"just took a spiritual gift analysis for cr & discovered my gifts lie in showing mercy, administration, & shepherding   all three of these areas warn against being prideful, so to make sure i don't fall into that trap, i must say, i rock!  i'm better than you are, and i have more gifts than you, and my gifts are more important than yours!   smile "
so i get to take goliath in to the vet tomorrow morning so they can sedate him and yank his toenail out by the root!  yay!  i am so lucky to have a monkey boy who hurts himself frequently so we get to spend lots of money at the vet      sad 
my sweet little monkey boy made it through toenail surgery without a problem; yay!!  and how retarded is it that my crazy dog had to have surgery for a broken freaking toenail?
"well, it is 12 smile 0 in the morning, & i am listening to the most distressed whimper & whine combo goliath has ever done   it is worse than when i had him neutered, when he broke his toe, when we thought he tore a ligament, and when the vet lanced an abcess on his business without anesthesia   i am having a difficult time not crying with him   it hurts me that he hurts this much   "
it is 62 degrees in my house right now   i have all the windows open and am just enjoying the fact that it is fall in east texas!  i love this weather!!
"i love that my nephew cries when i leave him   not because i'm a loon & i enjoy seeing him cry, simply because it is nice to know that in his own sweet little 14 month old way, he loves me almost as much as i love him & his sweet big sister (who definitely does not cry when i leave!)   i know, i'm a dork   "
just got back from the vet & goliath doesn't have to wear the bandage anymore   yay!!!  his foot is truly goofy looking though with one toe missing the toenail & the quick & just having a scabby stump in it's place  
"today i am feeling blessed with some great people   got a phone call from a deacon at church today checking on me because i missed church; i have the most wonderful, supportive husband & same goes for my best friend (who are both willing to put themselves out for me), & my amazing bible study group & sweet friends at celebrate recovery complete my blessings   thank you god for giving me what i don't deserve!!"
"i just killed a wolf spider that was way to freaking big, and the stupid thing had a whole frigging egg sack attached to her butt   and in true spider fashion, the damn thing tried to eat me before i killed it, so i danced & screamed all around the yard while goliath kept getting in the way because he's a moron who doesn't understand the inherent danger of spiders     i want to move to a spider free zone "
"thank you veterans for ensuring that despite its many problems, <propfemale> is still the best country in the world!  thank you not just to the veterans, but to active military men & women for sacrificing so much to defend this wonderful land!  and a huge thank you to the husbands, wives, children, mothers, fathers, brothers, & sisters who support our military!!  y'all sacrifice so much   "
"ok everybody, i have posted a new note updating y'all on where paulie & i are on the adoption stuff   it's called \adoption stuff \""  go read it   now   are you reading it yet?  if not you should be!"""
"who all thinks <propfirst> should buy me a crap throwing monkey for christmas?  i changed the topic of his facebook post (because it was boring) by telling him i wanted a crap throwing monkey for christmas, and he said no!  the nerve!!  everyone band together to guilt <propfirst> into buying me a crap throwing monkey!"
"feeling the tickle in my throat telling me i am getting ready to be allergy-sick     i love east texas, but i definitely do not love allergies!  i will be beginning my drug regimine today "
is battling with some of those emotions i would rather not have to admit to right now     it bothers me that it bothers me to see women (noticibly) younger than myself who are on baby number two or three (or more)   
"hates how when you're congested, it makes your teeth hurt!"
"i'm beginning to think maybe i shouldn't take claritan-d anymore or any of it's generic counterparts   i am sooooo jittery and i feel a little high also   and considering i don't get high, i am only guessing on that part, but what i find truly confusing is that i have taken these drugs many times and haven't had this problem   maybe i am dying   "
"out of town company should be here in a few minutes, so of course i am doing all of that last minute prep for having company walk through the door, & my poor dogs are so confused by my flitty behavior "
"just killed a brown recluse spider that was hiding by <propfemale>'s food bowl, patiently waiting for my sweet little boobalie to come and eat so it could kill her and feed her to all of it's evil offspring!  good thing i was there to kill the spider and save her from her otherwise inevitable fate   i hate spiders   "
"i am reading the facebook posts here and am realizing i go to church with the sweetesf families in the world!  i see (frequently; not just because it is coming up on the holiday season) all these loving little posts from one family member to another telling how much they love and appreciate one another   it's so cute!  maybe i will try harder to be a true vineyardite and do that for my family   then again, maybe not "
happy turkey day everyone!  eat too much and sleep it off   
hoo-dang!  i woke up early this morning to discover frost in my backyard   i looooove chilly weather!!!
"i have decided my christmas tree is living its last year this year   actually, i already put it back in the box & began assembling the back up tree (and why we have a back up tree i do not know), & have decided the back up tree will also be joining the other tree in christmas tree heaven after christmas is over   plus side-my next tree is going to be pre-lit!"
i love peanut butter   god sure did good the day he created peanuts!
"the husband & i switched to a backup tree this year because last years tree was falling apart (found out this one is too), & this years tree is soooo small & pathetic in comparison   i'd post a picture, but i'm worried about my trees mental stability, & i worry it might try to harm itself if i showed all of facebook how pitiful it is   "
"i have decided after spending the last few hours on older child adoption forums that <propfirst> doesn't ever need to read any of them & i never do again   there are some goofy people out there who do not have the <propfemale> for a former <propmale> kid, & then get pissed off that the kids aren't perfect!  oh well, won't make that mistake again   "
"my middle school sunday school class is skipping class tomorrow to purchase gifts for the angel tree!  if you are a vineyard attendee, you are invited to come with us, or if you would like to donate to the angel tree fund, bring money to church tomorrow, and we will put it towards purchasing some wonderful gifts for needy children in east texas   so bring money tomorrow!!"
"went to lunch and angel tree shopping today with six of the wonderful guys and gals in my sunday school class today   we had a great time and now i am exhausted!  teenagers, hormones, silliness, argh!!!"
"it's a beautiful morning for hand in hand today!  and if i remember to go when i get done, it will be a good afternoon to go to the library to get the third installment in the book series i'm reading "
i have an official deadline as of tonight   my testimony must be written and approved by february 15   i have 64 days to get it done   pray for me   
i have a fun day planned today   taking a squishy little boy with me to finish my christmas shopping (and maybe his not-squishy but still fantastic big sister will come too)!  maybe i will see some of you out and about today!
"i am officially finished with my christmas shopping!!  i haven't wrapped a freaking thing yet, but that is on the agenda for tomorrow   i have a fun morning planned at church tomorrow as well "
"didn't add this in the last post seconds ago because it was so happy, but i think i'm gonna have to suck it up & concede to reading glasses in january when i go in for my eye exam   how sad is that; not quite 30 & it's time for reading glasses?!"
yay!!  the only version of little drummer boy worth listening to is being done at the vineyard this morning!  i've got to make sure i'm there early so i can hear it twice    smile 
"ooooo, drummer boy rocked it this morning!  and we even got an encore of worship, so that was wonderful to hear as well!  then breakfast with my great young calling sunday school class; great start to the day!!"
"on top of wonderful worship this morning, pastor <propmale> gave a wonderful sermon on why god screws up our plans: to get our attention; because he has better plans for us, & to teach us trust in him "
"bizzare dreams the last couple of nights   last night i dreamed about <propfirst> & <propfemale>, <propfemale> & a baby she was taking care of (& that ain't ever gonna happen!), & <propmale> & <propfemale> & <propfirst>   the night before, i dreamed about <propmale> & <propfemale> & their family   real screwy!"
"hey husband, get on facebook and read this!  my phone just quit working    sad   i may have murdered the battery, or my phone may have just decided it was time to go to phone heaven "
my grandmommie went home to jesus today   
"went to the visitation for my grandmother tonight   thank all of you who have been thinking about and praying for my family   it has been appreciated and felt!  on a slightly different note, had a complete melt-down this afternoon   on the scale of a tired five year old; you know, hysterics that just keep picking up again after you think everything is finally gonna calm down again   "
"the winds of change are coming   good time of year for it, too "
i love facebook   it gives us a place to all share the surprising news that (gasp!) tomorrow is christmas!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i love my in-laws!
"i sent my puppies out at 8 am to go potty, & every single blade of grass in my backyard was crunchy & covered in frost, even the ones in direct sunlight!  wth, did i get transported to the north pole?!"
i'm ready for the christmas season to be over so things can go back to normal!
getting ready to clean (retch!)
hey young calling!  does anyone want to teach kids church this sunday for second service?  i haven't been able to find anyone able to teach this week   let me know if you want to teach!
<propfirst> is going to the doctor to get checked out because of a blinding migraine tomorrow   pray for him please!
"i found out yesterday that goliath will attack on command     because he did   only, i didn't intend to tell him to attack, he just happens to be a moron!  but it's nice to know he would attack just because i told him to!"
"beauty for ashes, a garment of praise for my heaviness     this is what i'm holding out for   "
"\i place myself in your hands   i lay my dreams at your feet   i trust in the path you've laid for me \""  love this song!!!  it's playing in my car right now """
"and today it begins     <propfirst> is going to be chock-full of bakers from all parts of the country, & the first of my family arrives tonight   it's going to be a busy week!"
"grandmommy's funeral was today    it was a nice service, and it was good to see people i haven't seen in a long time "
"spun out on the way home from church!  and i am well practiced in driving in snow, so that was fun   felt like a doofas   "
"just curious   how many of you are feeling crazy blessed here lately?  god has a funny way of making me grateful when i'm not feeling it on my own, so i was curious if anyone else was e playful eriencing this phenomenom   "
"   trusting that you will make all things right if i surrender to your will, so that i may be reasonably happy in this life, and supremely happy with you forever in the next "
i have felt very loved today    it is absolutely incredible to me that someone as often downright unlikeable as i am seems to have so many people who seem to like me in spite of myself 
i opened my back door a minute ago to let <propfemale> & goliath outside to potty & thought there was a coyote running through my yard  it was a bird with a huge freaking wingspan! it was so big & so fast 
"i think it is so funny that i still manage to surprise people with the things that come out of my mouth  if you have spent 5 minutes around me, you realize that the filter is defective, so however i think it in my head, that's the way it comes out of my mouth  so i guess it really is an amazing accomplishment when i make someone choke on what they are eating because of what i said   "
it looks like something good might be happening soon for my wonderful hubby! and this particular type of wonderful will have some spillage to cover me too! details to come soon    it's so nifty when things work to our benefit 
i sneeze & i pee  i cough & i pee  and my husband thinks it's funny 
"i am ready to not be sick anymore  have been sleeping 12 to 16 hours a day for the last few days & i still feel exhausted  but today my body doesn't ache & that is a huge plus! i genuinely thought i was going to be back to normal today, but i just tried to do dishes, & totally wore myself out   sad "
"i went to the doctor today & was assured that i am going to die from coughing my lungs out of my chest tomorrow  or she said i have an upper respiratory infection & if i take all of my antibiotics, then i will make a full recovery & should die some other horrible way at a later date  i'm not sure which; i wasn't really listening   "
"spoke to a tare representative in <propfirst> a little while ago, & she is going to hook <propfirst> & i up with a social worker here in smith co  who can get the ball rolling on the adoption process! god is good!!"
yay! i got to have dinner with the sweetest hubby for <propfirst>'s day yesterday  he finished up all the man-stuff he was working on early so that he could come eat with me  i love that man of mine!
i am married to a baby giraffe
got clearance today from all the powers that be for the young calling class to have a lock-in at the church  that's right; i have no sense of self-preservation because i am planning to lock myself in overnight with a group of 10-15 year olds! anyone from the vineyard wanna help chapperone?
"is wondering today  just wondering  i hate wondering  i much prefer having all of the answers all of the time  on days like today, i am absolutely convinced that god has a sense of humor  and for anyone who is wondering, nothing is wrong, i am just feeling a little out of sorts    all because i don't like it when god even hints at changing my plans on me "
church was great today! it is wonderful to see god's mercy & forgiveness in action!
"yesterday, i was on my way home & at a stop sign, i saw a mom making a big show out of singing along with & dancing with her daughter in the back seat  i love to see parents being silly with their kids!"
heck yeah baby! i just opened my fridge & realized i have enough chocolate to feed a small army stashed in there  life is good!
"i hate that satan knows what my insecurities are & gets some sort of sick thrill out of using them against me, but i love that there is power & authority in jesus' name & that in his name i can tell satan to go back to hell where he came from because i am a child of the <propmale>, & he does not have the authority to make me feel bad about myself "
feeling really good right now!
"i got home at 9:45 tonight & realized <propfirst> & i both had forgotten to turn on the light inside the house as well as the porch light  as i pulled into the driveway, goliath went bat-crap bonkers; snarling, snapping, growling, hackels raised  something or someone was poking around in my yard that should not have been there  glad god gave dogs good instincts, & glad god gave me enough sense to trust them!"
"hoo-dang! apparently, my neck thought it would be fun to have an allergic reaction to my hair dye (i know, big shocker that god did not give me a hair color straight out of a crayola box) & now i think my head is going to fall off because my neck is going to rot away & then my head won't have anything to sit on  any profound final parting words from anyone before my head dislocates from my body?"
"i discovered last night that i was still anxious over the incident from the night before, because i arrived home & nearly had a panic attack walking through the door because i was hearing noises    goliath really freaked me out the other night with his wacked out behavior!"
today is going to be one of those days   
will be receiving some bumper stickers in the mail soon in support of the wisconsin protests!
i am a little sad right now  i am sitting in lindale <propmale> high school's parking lot & a little girl who couldn't have been older than 14 or 15 walked outside & she was pregnant  very heartbreaking stuff   
8 years  i find it hard to fathom that i have been married to my wonderful husband for 8 years  happy anniversary <propfirst>! i love you more today than i did the day we were married   
husband & i just had dinner at shogun's for our anniversary  we sat at a table of high school juniors & i realized that we have officially become an old married couple  how did i get to be old enough to be twice their age?! i am too young to be old! at least i have a sweet hubby to grow old(er) with   
"i hate big huge scary bruises that come out of no where with absolutely no recolection of what monstrous thing you have done to bring the bruise on, & yet the bruise looks like a giant pulsating attack bruise which could be masking how the afflicted body part is going to fall off any minute "
the adoption application is officially in the mail & on its way to child protective services  i sent it certified return receipt requested so i can be certain it arrives!
"laid in bed for the longest time last night feeling nauseated, but i guess i finally fell asleep because i woke up this morning  plus side? feeling great today!"
"if anyone is interested in helping this saturday morning (april 2), i need volunteers to help me set the church back up for sunday morning  we are having a middle school lock in on friday, april 1 & everything needs to be sunday morning ready before i go home  hopefully, it won't be a huge mess, but if i have a few sweet people helping, then my (very likely) exhausted butt can go home to go to bed a little earlir "
"yay! the adoption application has officially been delivered  not only that, but the woman who signed for it wrote her name very legibly, so if we don't get a call soon, it will be very easy to know who to yell at   "
"you know that feeling when someone says something & most of the people in the room point out that the something that was said is so totally you because you hear people all over saying your name  and then you find out people were pointing you out too! yeah, all i can say is it is good i have the ability to laugh at myself     smile "
i just responded to an email that was sent to me by one of my kids church workers asking how the adoption process was going & if there was anything specifically that i needed prayer for  totally out of the blue & une playful ected  i love my church family!
"holy crap! as of five minutes ago, i have 19 young people coming to the lock in at the church friday night    good thing i lined up help!"
ok all of you prayer warriors out there  there are some prayer needs going on at my church right now  i do not know any details on any of these (multiple) situations  god does though  cause he is cool like that 
"umm, i am so confused  lots of people have been posting a song called \friday\"" by <propfemale> black & so i listened to it today  is she serious? really? that was the most pathetic thing i have heard since hearing miley <propmale> \""sing \"""""
"now we are up to 22 kids for the lock in! hoo dang, it is going to be one hot crazy mess on friday at the vineyard!"
busy evening planned  going to gladewater's cr group to give my testimony at 6 smile 0 & probably going to stick around for small group too!
"wanna hear my april fool's prank? i am going to have 20 plus teens at the church tonight for a lock in  oh, wait, that's not a prank  i am starting to think i am in trouble   "
god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change & not get pissed off about it    sometimes i really hate being a control freak 
"we have done almost every single activity i had planned for the lock in  midnight dodgeball complete (thank goodness!) & now the movie \grown ups\"" is playing for the girls  all of the boys are in the other room gaming  and i am still awake   """
it's 2am & i am draaaaaging  having a very hard time staying awake  9am is a loooooong way away   
"first it was down to 10 awake, then 6 awake  now, it is down to two  k squared is still awake  <propmale>, <propfemale>, & chauntelle, you have crazy daughters! but i think kayley is crashing quickly   "
"i got no sleep last night & have now been awake for 25 1 2 hours  i am looking forward to my \nap\"" today!"""
"at home  going to bed  do not call or text me  even if you set your dog on fire & don't know whether or not to call the humane society or the fire department  because the answer to that is that you are too stupid to have a dog to begin with, so i would not be having that idiotic conversation with you anyway "
"wow! i just woke up from my 8 hour post-lock in \nap\"" & read the last post before i went to sleep  i was incoherent! and babbling  and going on about setting dogs on fire  ay ay ay   """
the lock in was fantastic! we had 16 5th through 9th graders show up! absolutely wonderful turn out  we played games (including an entertaining marshmallow pass that involved toothpicks held between the teeth) & ended with midnight dodgeball  the kids had a blast (not to mention the adults)! we will definitely do this again!
"friends, the lock in pictures i stole from <propfemale> are officially uploaded   you should check them out because i want to rub all of your faces in the fun that you missed!!"
"it's so spiffy when you realize you have so many things to be thankful for  i just spent 30 minutes in prayer & except for like five minutes of that, it was all thanking god for all of this nifty stuff that is going on! i don't tend to be a thanker as often as i should be because i tend to always ask santa-god (i have been good this year, so i want a pony) for everything without thanking him for the blessings i have "
i finally feel like i got enough sleep  i woke up this morning to my usual sleepy instead of this crazy post lock in no sleep kind of sleepy i have been rocking the last couple of days!
