a8a819695bb62e572e1e3ff3872dbfea
"so, my new year resolution for 2010 is   to not make any resolutions, i n<propfemale>r keep them anyway   plus, people should want to make positive changes all year long not just because it's a new year!  hope <propfemale>ryone has lots of fun this <propfemale>!  be safe!!"
"time to get back into the groove of things without \gi-gi\"" here  sad   school starts on the 6th so i better find that groove fast!!   wink """
lots on the mind   can't believe my baby boy is 2 years old   adam joining the national guard as a medical officer   i have quit smoking   
just hanging out in <propmale> with mom grammy   playing & thinking   
enjoying the beautiful florida weather with my sweet little man on the beach!!  it's the simple things   
getting ready for a long weekend while <propfirst> is away at drill  sad   aiden and i are going to try and keep busy    
i survived sesame street live with aiden all by myself!!  ha ha!!   wink 
"getting ready to take aiden to visit daddy at work   ok, more like trying to get aiden ready  wink  2year old + boy = no cooperation"
looking forward to <propfemale> coming over this afternoon with the kids   entertainment for aiden  wink 
"does not understand   i don't understand anything about this   does he like seeing me in more pain than i can handle?  i am a fool to have believed he would change, i feel like such an idiot   what part of \forsaking all others\"" is so hard to understand?  i am just so confused in all of this   please pray for me """
"i just want to sleep   i want to be able to easily fall asleep, wake up and find that this whirlwind of crap was all just a very, very bad dream   i know life's not fair and sometimes things don't always work out the way you hope they will but, i really didn't see all of this coming   this is not what i signed up for "
"people pay for what they do, and still more, for what they have allowed themselves to become   and they pay for it simply: by the lives they lead   ~edith wharton"
"grey's anatomy starts back up tonight   2 hour episode   yes, i am looking forward to 2 long, selfish hours of staring at the tv  wink "
oh geez!!  i am a dork!!  i am so out of my head lately i thought it was thursday!!  i would have totally been laying on the couch at 7pm  waiting    waiting   and then probably start to cry after i realized what an idiot i was   thanks <propfemale>  wink 
ahhhh   we finally had a cold front come in last night   the weather today is perfect   if only it felt this way year round!!  going to enjoy the day with my sweet out-of-control little boy  wink 
mommy and aiden are on their own for the next 8 days while daddy leaves for national guard duties  sad  (wish me luck   ha!)
it's nearly the middle of october and we are still in our bathing suits on the beach   isn't it supposed to be getting cool outside??  soooo ready for some fall weather!!!
"forgiving is love's toughest work, and love's biggest risk   if you twist it into something it was never meant to be, it can make you a doormat or an insufferable manipulator   forgiving seems almost unnatural   our sense of fairness tells us people should pay for the wrong they do   but forgiving is love's power to break nature's rule "
"only 3 more days until our \gigi\""(aiden's grammy) is here   we are soooo excited   mommy loves to visit with her mommy  wink """
"daddy is off to go hunting with the boys    mommy, gi-gi and aiden are getting ready for \trick -or- treat!!!\"""""
"wow   that's it, just   wow "
"so,i decided to finally see what all the madness surrounding the \twilight\"" series was all about and watched the movie last night  i can only say that i am now searching every bookstore in my area to try and find the \""new moon\"" book   i do not want to wait for the movie    i am officially addicted   """
"perhaps i could find the book and a creepy, amazingly handsome, romantic vampire to go with it   like a 2 for 1 kind of deal  wink "
"really need to be studying for test tonight   i have to pass it, don't need another class to take in the spring   perhaps i should try to reschedule? hmmm   "
wow   very sad disturbing to hear of the news on ft  hood today   did we really have people that screwed up in the head protecting our country?  that's good to know   ((sarcasm))
"figures, the last couple weeks of hurricane season and mother nature drops <propfemale> right on top of us   in for a long night of 60 mph winds and non-stop rain   blah!!"
"this is the only downfall to living on the water in the \sunshine\"" state   """
"<propfirst> has drill this weekend so aiden and i will be keeping busy    it shouldn't be hard, this weather is amazing!!  perhaps the outlet mall in sandestin? hmmm   "
"arrrgghhh   i sprained my damn wrist this weekend and i am just now able to somewhat type   mostly one handed  wink    all bandaged up and taking the good meds for pain  wink    <propfirst> is either up to no good or he's really a changed man because the laundry is done, aiden is bathed, dinner was made, my house is clean and he did it all after seeing patients all day!!  wow, i need to sustain injuries more often  wink "
"had a great thanksgiving, just the three of us   very easy, no e playful ectations   after dinner we all went to the movies   mommy finally got to see new <propfemale> and daddy and aiden went to see planet 51!!"
"mom   you are the strongest woman i have ever known, things will work out   keep being the super-woman that i know you are   i love you!!  aiden will be there to brighten your days soon enough  wink "
"although at times it has been very, very hard we have made it 3 years   feels like 30 doesn't it babe?  wink   happy anniversary adam   i love you   all the time  wink "
"going to finish our christmas shopping today!!!  yes, <propfirst> is actually going to shop for christmas presents this year before christmas eve   i don't believe it  wink  time for a day of long lines and spending too much money!!  woo hoo!"
"while everyone else is counting down days until christmas, we are counting down the days until grandma is here!!!  mommy and daddy's break time!!  yea!!!  wink "
"people spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace  they <propmale> idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them  the irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within "
"<propfemale> christmas all!!  we had a wonderful christmas morning   why is it the one day of the year he is supposed to wake up early, aiden decides to sleep in until 11am??!!  i was the one awake at the crack of <propfemale>!   wink "
"hope everyone has an amazing 2011!!  we had fun ringing it in with aiden, <propfemale> and some sparkling juice!!  good times  love "
"so, <propfirst> just realized that one of the courses i am taking this semester is the same exacy course that he taught while he was in medical school!!  he has all of the instructor manuals, etc   wow, i wonder if that is considered cheating?!  wink "
"blah, blah, blah    la, la, la, laaaaaa    "
class at 6 smile 0   wondering if i should leave <propfirst> a detailed note on dinner for he and aiden(since he doesn't usually have to deal with it)   i know he's capable but sometimes i wonder  wink 
"my middle sister <propfemale> has lost it  everything that she has done to herself is always someone else's fault   i am sick of seeing and hearing about the way she treats my mom, the one person who has never turned away from her and still tries to help her when she falls  she is selfish, out of control and really needs to think about the hurt and pain she is causing to the people that do care for her "
hmmm   saturday with my little man while daddy is away at drill   what to do   too cold for a bike ride?? hmm   
"rain, rain    go away   come again another day    although this kind of day is perfect for what i have planned    exam review!!! ugh!"
"homework done   for now   time to catch up on \the bachelor\"" i missed it this past week and i am addicted this season for some reason   figures the one season i would care about it i am also busting ass in school!!  whatever   """
"why is it that from the moment i wake up in the morning, it's go,go, go   aiden   school   husband   puppies   homework and more homework and when i finally get a <propmale> to stop and look at the clock it's after midnight already!!!  where does the time go and why can't there be more of it in one day!!!???"
"wooo hooo!!  i just won $215 00 on one scratch off lottery ticket   i don't know what compelled me to buy it but i sure am glad i did!!  must be my lucky birthday weekend, kind of funny that bday is 2-15 and i won $215   hmmmm    "
i really need to get some sleeeeeeep!!!  my mind is working on over-drive    
heading to the playground with aiden and mid-term reviews   let's see how much i actually get to review  wink 
"seriously, i think the more i study for exams, the less prepared i feel   what's the deal??!!  maybe i should stop studying altogether   i'll let you know how that goes!  wink "
"dear god, please just help me pass my exam today    and next week too, if you don't mind    smile   thanks, <propfemale>"
trying to get a trip to <propmale> planned   so far it looks like we may be there end of this week through april 2nd    i need some h-town!!  wink 
"10 hour trip with my almost 3 year old little boy went amazingly well   he behaved better than most adults i know would have!!  such a big boy!!  we arrived at \gi-gi's\"" house around 10pm safe and sound!!  time to pass out   soooo tired from the loooong day in the car!!  miss my hubby and puppies  sad """
"time to check out the outlet mall by \gi-gi's\"" house while i have people to occupy aiden!!  look out credit cards    here i come!!"""
<propmale> trip is coming to an end  sad  always sucks to leave but aiden and i miss daddy and the puppies!!  hit the road back home tomorrow   hopefully aiden does as well going home as he did coming here!!  fingers crossed!!
4 states and 9 hours   we made it home last night just in time for mommy to play the easter <propfemale>!!  happy easter to all    aiden is off to hunt for his eggs filled with $$!!
"it's days like this that remind me how lucky i am to have a house on the beach!!  perfect day    not too hot, water feels nice    love it!!"
it is wayyyyy too beautiful outside to be dealing with studying for finals inside    perhaps i will attempt to take the books to the beach??!
"well   adam, aiden and i are happy to announce that our little family will soon be getting a little bit bigger   new baby brother or sister for aiden coming in december!!  aiden is sooo excited!!"
i love when my husband tells me how pretty he thinks i am    especially when i have been feeling sick all day and in no way resemble pretty in any shape or form!!  thanks babe!  wink 
"what a rainy, crappy day   aiden finally went down for a nap so i guess it's time to curl up on the couch with my kindle and read   i know, i know   i lead such an exciting life!!  wink "
"why in the world do the red wings do that!!!???  they are ready to be sunk at 3-0 games and then end up winning game 4 at home with a ridiculous amount of goals!!??  not complaining, just wish they played that way oh, lets say the past 3 games!!  hope they are still as supernatural on the 8th in shark territory!!  go wings!!!!"
"breakfast in bed, presents, day at the beach, a nap, yummy seafood dinner, more presents, aiden singing me some songs   had an amazing mothers day!!  i hope all the super moms i know had just as great of a day yesterday as i did!!"
"trying to decide if aiden and i are going to make a \quick\"" trip to <propmale> with <propfirst> this weekend or not   <propfirst> is going to a job interview with an ortho trauma group right down the street from my parents house   exciting!!!"""
sitting at the hair salon and the lady sitting next to me is slopping her mouth all around chewing the crap out of some gum   i am seriously annoyed   close your mouth for gods sake! gross!!
usaa auto insurance sucks!!!  they are complete morons and 90% of the people i talk to there have no clue what they are doing   mine as well have a 4 year old handling our claim!!!!!!!!!
"last minute decision   packing, going to dr 's appt then rolling out to make our way to houston    plan on being there by 3ish tomorrow afternoon   woo hoo!!"
"wide awake at 7 smile 0am laying in hotel bed in baton rouge, la    aiden and <propfirst> are in the bed next to me and they are taking turns mocking a chainsaw   gosh, they both snore so bad!!  ugh   guess i should go ahead and shower so we can continue our journey to <propmale> when they decide to rise and shine!!"
"well, <propfirst>'s interviews went very well on monday   he ended up interviewing with a practice in <propmale> and a practice in <propfirst>!!  aiden and i sent him home and decided to stay with \gi-gi\"" for a little bit longer  wink   <propfemale> <propfemale>!"""
going to enjoy the weekend in <propmale> with the family    then heading back to the sunshine state on sunday!!  miss my hubby!!
getting ready to head out of <propmale> to meet <propfirst> in baton rouge   then staying a nice night in the <propmale> downtown then back home tomorrow!!  good times!
heading back to the beach(home) today   although the view from our hotel on the mississippi river was beautiful! gonna miss gi-gi lots!
home sweet home!!!!  so very tired from the car ride   ready to sleep in my bed again!!
"well, i will not be completely alone this pregnancy   my sister april is e playful ecting her 1st in <propfirst>!!  we are about a month and a half apart!!  how nice it is to share this e playful erience with not only your friend but your sister!!  i am so happy for her and <propfirst>!!"
wow!  i don't know what i've been doing but i cannot believe it is already june 1st!!  my little boy will be 3 years old in 2 weeks!!!  oh my!!
"trying to make our plans for aiden's 3rd birthday trip to disney world!!  he is soooo ready!!  for that matter, so am i!!  wink "
"well, because i am a sucker i went ahead and bought the \intelligender\"" gender prediction test <propfemale> and it says girl!!  guess we will find out for sure in a few weeks!!"""
ugh!!  i cannot find my i-pod   how am i supposed to excercise without my i-pod!!??  where are you??!!  seriously!!??
it's too early to be awake!!!  have to take <propfirst> to work this morning   porsche is still in the shop   blah!!  i hate that car!!
"doctor appointment this afternoon, bringing aiden along   let's see how a 3 year old and the ob-gyn's office handle eachother   this ought to be interesting  wink "
"ultrasound ths afternoon with the doctor pretty much confirmed    it's a girl!!  baby girl hoffman on the way!!!  i'll post ultrasound pics as soon as i get them scanned   ok, now to come up with some names so i can stop saying \girl hoffman\""  wink """
does anybody actually watch jersey shore??  it's giving me a headache and i'm usually all about the pointless reality shows   oh well 
oops   mtv censors screwed up & just allowed the f=bomb to be dropped live on tv!!  that's gonna get them an email or two!!  haaa!!
"love, love, love <propfemale> bullock!!!  what a strong woman   she is simply amazing to me!!"
wooo hooo my pretend husband just won best male and global superstar!!  he is soooo yummy!!
"wow! ok, mtv dropped a whole lot of f-bombs there towards the end   wow!"
time to start getting the house in order for parents visit this weekend   then disney and universal for aiden's bday next week!!  woohoo!!
"what!!??!!  a so-called \e playful ert\"" on msn said that birds soaked from bp oil spill in gulf should killed rather than anyone attempting to clean and free them!!??  what kind of stupid ass \""e playful ert\"" is that?!  i am assuming one of bp's brainless \""e playful erts\""   makes me so mad!!!"""
"just released the turtles we bought a little over a year ago into the wild   there new home is a really nice pond at our favorite park, they will have lots of turtle friends to play with   i still feel kind of sad, they had really grown on me  sad "
"ugh, the doctor says i need to gain more weight this trimester   he needs to speak for himself!!  i eat everything and all that keeps growing is my uterus, isn't that what's supposed to happen?!  i guess he wants me to be borderline diabetic and over weight during my pregnancy!!  whatever!"
"time for \so you think you can dance\""    eeeee love it!!  wink """
"mmmm, strawberries, whipped cream and vanilla yogurt   it's my treat for the day!!  seems like all i crave lately is fresh fruit and veggies   no complaints there!!   wink "
the countdown is on   my parents will be here this evening   yeaaaaa!!!
3 years ago at 4:52am our sweet baby boy joined us in the world!!!  happy 3rd birthday aiden   mommy & daddy love you sooooo much!!  let's have lots of fun at disney world this week!!  woo hoo!!
"made it home after a looonng 4 days in <propmale>, aiden had a great birthday!!  however, there is nothing like a 7 hour drive in the car to remind you how pregnant you really are   my whole body is killing me!! ugh   recovery time for sure!!"
"happy fathers day to the best dad i know   my husband!!  aiden is so very lucky to have you as a daddy   thank you for everything you do, always!!  we love you   enjoy your special day  wink "
"had a nice time at the beach today for daddy's day   despite rumors no oil has touched the beautiful beaches here   clear blue water, perfect white sand    only downfall of the day was dropping \gi-gi\"" off at the airport  sad """
"our poor little boy is sick   running fever since last night   at least he's been sleeping it off most of the day, i'm listening to him snore on the couch next to me right now  wink  poor thing!!"
"aiden starts his first day of \summer camp\"" today!!  he is so excited   why am i so nervous   dropping him off is going to be so strange!!"""
watching new <propfemale> at the theatre   up next   eclipse!! soooo ready!!
"seriously!!!  my phone is so lost   well, actually at this point stolen   will let everyone know when i replace it   i'll post my home # in the meantime as soon as i figure out what that is  wink \so annoying!!!!"
finally got my new phone! thank you lord! life just never seems complete without your cell  smile 
happy 4th to all!!  we are looking forward to a nice relaxing day on the beach followed by fun and fireworks this evening!!  yea!!
watching my 2nd favorite show of the summer   boston med!!  (1st is true blood   always!!)  wink 
"ugh   i am starting to really look pregnant!!  i have officially altered my favorite <propfirst> shorts with a rubber band so i don't have to give them up just yet!!  ha!!  also, i don't give a hoot this go round   i am going to proudly sport my 2 peice bikini!!  if you don't like it don't look!!"
man!!  i hate it when true blood ends!!!  gotta wait a whole week before i get to see it again!! aaggghhh!!!
i am kind of over it!!  at what age do adults actually start to grow up!!??
time for some boston med!!!  daddy has aiden and i have the couch  wink   haha!!
"ugh, been on the couch all day with a terrible headache   maybe watching true blood will help relieve it  wink "
"reading on my kindle and listening to <propfirst> and aiden play batman on the wii   actually, aiden is just screaming directions at <propfirst> telling him how things are supposed to be done  wink  darn video games, i swear!"
"well   we are officially packing it up and heading to <propmale>!!  <propfirst> has accepted a nice offer with a neurosurgical practice in the area   it's going to be tough leaving the beach but at least we are leaving it to be closer to family  wink   now, if we can just find a nice house in the next few weeks   this should be interesting    "
"well, i'm back   after 2 days in the hospital i can officially say   they suck!  the food is crap and it smells funny!  hopefully on the road to recovery   sister is flying in this afternoon to help <propfirst> take care of aiden and i   love her!!!"
making our way to <propmale> for the week   look out!
aiden and i are still in houston   getting ready to see talk to daddy on skype!!
i have such an amazing 3 year old little boy! he makes me smile!
finally made it back to florida   you would not believe the difference in temp from <propmale> to here   way cooler here and less humid   much better!!  wink 
"why does life have to throw so many difficult decisions at you while you are 6 months pregnant and caring for a 3 year old??!  seriously!!  i guess, this too shall pass    "
these transformers toys are like trying to figure out a dang rubik's cube!!  what the hell!!
"i've carried a child within my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed boo boos, mended broken hearts, been puked & peed on, woke up in the middle of the night by a feverish child and more  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater blessing  repost this if you are a proud mom ?"
exactly 3 months left of this being pregnant crap!!  i swear i feel like i'm already going to pop   how is it possible to still have 3 months left!!??  let the time fly   tick   tock   
so nice outside today   very nice day to be on the water at the beach!! ahhhh!!!
"well, it's just me and aiden for the next 3 days   daddy is gone for national guard duties   let's see what kind of trouble we can get into without him  wink "
my hubby is headed home!!  thank goodness because tonight is the season finale of true blood   couldn't have let aiden watch that one with me   yikes!  wink 
i really liked eminem's performance on the vma's tonight   gonna be a good show   love <propfemale> handler as well!!
let's go clemson!!!
"as if i didn't have enough to deal with this pregnancy, i have now been diagnosed with diabetes as well   have to check my blood levels 4 times a day, etc   this should be fun!!"
i am finding it hard to believe that yesterday was the first official day of fall!!?  the only indication of summer being over here is all the tourists have gone home  wink 
so excited   i can finally take aiden to the park without dying of a heat stroke!!  what a nice day it is!!
"don't know what the deal is    i am so tired today, can hardly keep my eyes open!!  too bad aiden does not feel the same way   dang "
"i will not be the least bit surprised if this baby comes out doing the river dance like a pro   can't sleep or even relax because of all the \adjustments\"" she insists on doing in my uterus!!  i keep trying to e playful lain to her that she is getting bigger and space is just going to be limited   my goodness!!"""
"getting aiden and i ready for our trip to <propmale> on saturday morning   it will be aiden's 1st time flying in an airplane that he will know whats going on, he even gets his very own seat by the window  wink "
getting ready to board our airplane!! hopefully flight is on time!
"ugh! at the wal mart by moms house in <propmale> and it is out of control! only like 2 lanes open on a sunday evening, wtf?!! seriously!"
"it's actually a nice weather day in <propmale>, tx!!!  going shopping for sister's baby shower might actually be alright without 100 degree weather  wink "
missing my husband and puppies  love 
flying home today   very ready to be at home love 
we made it home!!  so happy to see daddy and sleep in my own bed with my hubby!  love 
"i think i can, i think i can, i think i can    just trying to channel the little engine that could   hoping it helps!"
i am getting very anxious to meet this little girl in my tummy face to face   she is clearly making her point that it is no longer that comfy in mommy's belly  wink   4 more weeks to go (if not sooner)  love 
getting ready to see megamind with my sweet boy!!
"i actually had to turn on the heater early this morning!!  we are under a freeze warning the rest of the weekend   wow!  i have to say, being 8 months pregnant is soooo much nicer in the cool weather!!"
i am really missing my husband   damn national guard   hoping our daughter waits until he gets home to make her grand entrance into the world!
just got done talking to adam   my pregnancy aches and pains are nothing compared to what kind of hell he is dealing with   today they were put through tear gas and he said it was the worst thing he has ever gone through   my poor husband  sad   miss and love you baby   you're in my heart all the time  love   see you soon!!
"soooo very thankful that my mommy is here with aiden and i for thanksgiving!!  i am not sure what i would do without her right now   i feel like i am 9 1 2 months pregnant and it's hard to get up and down much less keep up with a 3 year old and worry about making dinner!  thank you mom, i  love  you!!"
yet another reason i am thankful today   my hubby is driving home for thanksgiving today!!!  i am sooo excited to see him and spend time with him!  so happy he has the weekend to be with us!!  happy thanksgiving love 
just had my final dr  appt  before surgery on monday morning   5 more days and we will finally get to meet our baby girl!!  soooo ready!!
" love change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (december 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign for children's rights  end violence against children  love "
it's going to be very hard to sleep tonight   anxious about getting up and heading to the hospital at 4 smile 0am   even more anxious to meet my new baby girl hopefully before 8am!!  just a whole lot of excitement going on in my head right now  wink 
mom and baby doing well  pics and updates to follow
"mommy and baby get to come home today, mommy will post update and pics later   daddy is not very facebook literate, ha! (mommy told me to post that)"
"wow, being at home with my new baby girl and her big brother is the most amazing feeling!!  recovery from surgery is slow going but worth every second!  i will post some pictures as soon as i can get them all transferred to my laptop  wink \thank you for all the sweet comments, you guys rock love \big thank you to my mommy and aunt april for being here to help out!! don't know what i'd do without you guys this week!!"
" love  i am so happy to be married to such a wonderful man   not only is he an amazing husband but he is the best daddy ever!!  i love you very much <propfirst>, you are my everything and more   happy anniversary  love "
"happy birthday to the greatest hubby and daddy i know   aiden, <propfemale> and i love you very, very much!!  have a fantastic day my love love "
aiden took daddy on a birthday date to see the yogi bear movie so <propfemale> and mommy are just hanging out on the couch catching up on some tv time  wink 
why is it that the one morning both kids decide to sleep in i am wide awake??!!  so frustrating i tell you!!
aiden and i are making the cookies for <propfemale>   aka: the cookies that daddy will eat later and then tell aiden <propfemale> loved them!!
"<propfemale> christmas!  the greatest gift i received was the look on aidens face when he woke up and saw all his \santa\"" presents under the tree!!  i would do anything to see that face over and over again!!  he loved all his presents so much   what a special gift for <propfirst> and i!!"""
"finally getting my hair done!! thank you wonderful husband for watching the babies this afternoon, you rock!"
"can't wait, getting our new treadmill tonight!! woo hoo!"
my baby sister is going to be a mommy today!!  sending her love vibes from florida   we will be there soon my lil' bit   can't wait to meet my little boy logan love 
on the phone with mom while little sister is pushing    come on baby <propfirst>!!  he's almost here!!!!
he has arrived   logan <propfirst> hedrick!!  so proud of you my sweet little bit!!  great job!!
enjoying some mall time all by myself   
"having some much needed mommy and aiden time at the park!! love my little boy, he's so much fun to be around!"
i actually got a nice run in today before 8pm   both the kids napped at the same time for 2 solid hours!!  i even got a shower too!!   wink 
"wow, trying to get 2 kids and myself packed for <propmale> trip is exhausting!!  going to be well worth it though   cannot wait to see my mom, little bit(april) and baby <propfirst>!!  aiden is beside himself with excitement!!"
headed out   next stop h town!!
"oh my gosh, aiden has started the \are we there yet\""   gonna be a long day!"""
"had a fun night, april and i had a sister and baby slumber party at moms house! april and <propfirst> passed out 1st   alyssa and mommy win!!  wink "
having good times at gi-gi's house   aiden and i were able to go on a date yesterday all by ourselves while gi-gi and <propfemale> played at home!  love being back at my mom's!
missing my <propfemale>! i love you hubby! hope you and the pups are enjoying the quiet house  wink 
feel bad for everyone without power   we have had zero issues at mom's house so far   all the sisters and babies are just hanging out inside gi-gi's warm house!
it would be so nice if it snows in texas while we are here visiting!!!  aiden is so ready to play in some snow!
still awake   aiden decided to take a late nap today and is just now in bed asleep   oh the joys of being at gi-gi's house!  wink 
"i miss you husband!!  i promise we are going to come home sometime this year  wink   \aiden wanted to remind you to check on his butterflies for him    also give our puppies some xoxo's from us!  muah!"
"looking forward to watching the superbowl with the family   well, not so much the football as the commercials and half time show  wink "
"my little man is sick, fever and sore throat   the worst part is we are still in houston   taking him to see a pediatrician this afternoon and he is not very happy about the fact that it's not going to be his regular dr !"
"missing my hubby   starting to feel like we've taken up permanent residence at \gi-gi's\"" house  wink   miss home but i am really enjoying the family time  love """
i know i should think this more often but   i really do have 2 of the best kids in the world!  aiden is such an amazing and smart little man and <propfemale> is a very good baby!  i am just feeling extra blessed today  love 
"whew, late night staying up with mom and april playing wheel of fortune + early morning with all the babies = tired <propfemale>  wink "
"pretty day in <propmale>, tx   aiden and gi-gi went to enjoy the weather at the park   alyssa and pa-pa are hanging out   what oh what should mommy do??  shopping or laundry??  hmm   tough choice  wink "
"ready to watch the grammy's with mom, <propfemale> and aiden  wink  pa-pa made some yummy dinner for us to enjoy while we watch!"
" love  love  love  wishing everyone a wonderful <propfirst>'s day  love  love  love \i love you husband sooo much   wish you were here!!  no worries though, i have my other (little) man to be my <propfirst> today  wink "
"oh well it's the last year of my twenties! wow, where did time go!? planning on a fun day of shopping and then some game time with my little man!"
"i just wanted to thank everyone, friends and family who wished me a happy birthday   you all made me feel very special today    love thank you love "
"just got back from monkey bizness jumpy place with aiden   boy, that place will wear you out!!  i am already feeling sore muscles from climbing and jumping on everything with my little man!!  nap time!!"
finally on our way back to the sunshine state! can't wait to be back at home   3 weeks away is too long!
at home safe and sound! feels great to be here  now i just need some motivation to unpack all of our crap!
"watching tosh 0 with my hubby   cracking up, so freaking funny!"
"<propfemale> has to go to doctor today and get shots   well, aiden said he will hold her hand only if he does not have to get some too! such a sweet big brother!"
watching the oscars with my hubby and baby girl   aiden is already snoozing!  wink 
it's a beautiful day in the sunshine state   going to take my babies to the zoo!
"my little boy is growing up too fast   tonight he told us he didn't want to take a bath, he wanted to take a shower and not with mom or dad helping him! such a big boy!"
11pm on friday night and everyone is already sound asleep   even my hubby! i am going to enjoy the silence and catch up on some tv shows   it's amazing what a good friday night is to me now versus one 5 years ago  wink 
it is amazing days like today that i feel extra thankful that i live in a house on the beach!  perfect weather for being out there today!
if you don't hear from me that probably means i was swallowed whole while attempting to clean up aidens play room! this child has more crap than he knows what to do with!
i love my hubby! he got mommy her i pad!! loving it   very cool!
<propfirst> is gone for army duties all weekend   sucks   these are the weekends i wish we lived closer to <propmale>  sad 
we leave for disney world on friday   guess i better start packing for everyone now!  wink 
