b238104f4b2d349d1bba7c9888fd6f63
happy new year everyone 
is easily annoyed today 
won tickets to the improv   is happy now 
is preparing for and looking forward to tomorrow   can't wait to see what type of good stuff people will bring in for lunch!
wants to go home now!
is enjoying the rain at the drive up window   wonderful!
is going to today's almost emptiness 
apparently needs more coffee!!!
"really enjoys seeing the neighbors pull the backyard patio sets out to their front yards   also, the flag strung up across the middle of the street, neat!  gotta love my street on the fourth! heck of a party!!"
wants to go to sleep 
"is busy, busy, busy, time for facebook, busy, busy, busy "
feet hurt 
"could be better   and   vacation bidding for sept-dec starts today   any suggestions, let me know "
"if you want to take a long time to shop, why invite someone who doesn't like to take forever and a day? then, after that person shifts her schedule around to go, why make the statement, i don't want to be rushed?"
   does anyone have some air freshener? cuz   umm   i think someone will be making me use it repeatedly today 
is surprised the most active place for patio drinking is brecksville 
who wants to go drinking after work?
margaritas  margaritas  margaritas 
must go back to lsw  heartfelt sigh 
  should go to bed since she must get up at 4am to drive the 'rents to the airport 
coffee!
has started her vacation!  no work for two weeks   it's grand!
feels so much better now that the rain is here 
my birthday's coming up   what are you going to get me?
went to the metroparks today   got an over-heated dog   thank goodness for air conditioning!!
"thank you all for the birthday well-wishes   yesterday was a great celebration with friends, and today   will be okay with family   again, thank you all "
who wants to go to the browns pre-season game against tennessee titans on 8 29 with me?  i have one ticket     the highest bidder wins 
"my hearing will be messed up permanently by the end of the day   therefore, if i yell at you today, don't take it wrong   i'm just deaf "
"has learned anew that vegetarian sushi, aka fake sushi, is not good "
i can't work today   i have the dumb 
is going to be sick from the fumes   where are the sars masks??
wants to sleep 
goin' to the indians tonight  nice 
"wants to relax at home in her room after working all day, but the neighbor's blaring <propfirst> cash way too loudly   annoying "
"loves the place she gets chinese from, but, seriously, just the sauce from a meal?  why would anyone order just the sauce??"
"    i understand there are names like lemonjello, orangejello, and makebra   but fikresilassie t  woldeyes wins, i think   and what does the t stand for? i really want to know now "
"today must be terrible name day   first was woldeyes, and now   lesbia   why would you name your girl child lesbia? for shame parents, for  shame "
why are my facebook notifications apprearing in spanish?  just weird 
<propmale> gaiman is coming to cpl on sunday   be excited 
is upset because the person that relieved her for morning break sent back the items she had set aside for herself      damnit!
feels icky 
"so, who's going to buy the new bacon bark from malleys on this upcoming sweetest day?  not i "
happy sweetest day!  i will accept any chocolate covered strawberry's that come my way 
wants to know what is up with the dancing in the garden 
   why is it so cold in lsw?
got free starbucks ground coffee   oh happy day!
"can i be annoyed when someone goes on break at 11 surprise 5, pokes around at her station for 10 minutes and continuously sends patrons my way when she's at her station without the bright orange sign up, then leaves 10 minutes after she supposedly goes on break?"
    can we play like office space and take the <propfirst> signup station to an empty field where we then attack it serendipitously with baseball bats?
so    we have mystery donuts in the department   who wants to claim credit for being inordinately kind to lending dept?
wants to go home now 
"can scaring pages first thing in the be a sport?  if so, i think i'm in the lead "
shopping done   it was fun   now i sleep   so happy
is awesome!
"it's gonna be a long, long day "
thinks we should get a group of people together and go to the new panini's at kamm's sometime 
is glad the crowd of internet addicts dissipated   things were nearing to hostilities 
i kind of want to go out either tonight or tomorrow night   who wants to go to the happy dog??
      is there supposed to be a full <propfemale> tonight?
"i give up   finding stuff to do on the internet is making me more bored   therefore, i shall read \before they are hanged\"" by <propfirst> abercrombie """
what type of liquor should i buy after work?
    why didn't the city of <propmale> salt the roads??  why?
"'s over in main, working   no one's here   no patron's either   creeeeepy "
"no one is here, so i think i'll go through my netflix queue, unless someone has a better suggestion?"
"why do i have to e playful lain that the computer with the \out of order\"" sign is out  of  order??"""
happy new year!!!
anyone wanna buy me a bottle of water?
yeah  fun  molly-less for another night 
sleepy 
what's with the walking life buoy??
"what a great month!  go back to school earlier than i had planned, so lots of money spent for that   then, dog gets sick real bad which equals a lot more money spent   and now my laptop gets a bad virus right before classes start, i decide -might as well upgrade to win 7- and buy the wrong ram   will return tomorrow, but it's a grand month! make that a couple grand "
"which is better, opera or mozilla firefox?"
generic nyquil-d is awesome!
i really can't wait for this cold of mine to be over   the lack of voice and muffled hearing is driving me crazy 
still no voice   can't help my patrons   can't work   damn cold!
"i like urban dictionary, but def  #2, though simple, is my fav   <propfemale>: #1 a sweet girl-next-door type   a girl who would  be your best friend   and if you're lucky she'll fall in love with you  too  think of <propfemale> reynolds in the \<propfemale> and the bachelor\"" movies  #2 (1 name for a girl;  2 cute gorgeous looking type of girl she's a <propfemale> my friend <propfemale> is hot ) i'm hot   woohoo!"""
does not like the new facebook interface 
yeah   finally done with last weeks schoolwork!  now on to this week   bleh!  and    mucinex is a good drug   it gave me my damned cold back 
so sleepy i can't even focus enough to play stupid internet games 
has a 1 smile 0 lunch today in case anyone wants to know!
(after i backspaced what i wanted to type) is it really so hard to take your break within the designated time period???
"finally checked out that pasta book from the drive up window   when i go on vacation this weekend, i am going to make something yummy!"
fear change 
jealous of the <propmale> museum of natural history   they're closing early because of the weather 
are army fatigues back in fashion or what? cuz waaay too many of our patrons have been wearing them lately   they really need to start watching the fashion network 
just finished watching bride and prejudice   now to buy a scarf to match my dress 
so sleeeepy 
   wow   three meter-maids just got of one car on rockwell   they are now swiftly ticketing cars   i've never seen them so organized 
what should i have for lunch today?
"so    why is it some people can work by themselves just fine, but others must get pampered and cannot be alone?"
i think i'm going to go to a book talk and signing in lyndhurst tomorrow   anyone wanna join me?
    facebook is asking me if i would like to use facebook in english   you mean it's not in english now??
i totally don't feel like working today 
i think i'm going to the malley's store tonight   mmmm    chocolate 
"why can't men have a steady hand when they go to the bathroom?  even worse, why can't they clean the dribbles off??  so disgusting!!  especially when it's at work!"
how would you like to have the name duangkamon klungthong??
feels really icky 
yay!  i'm at the window!  now i should be able to get some work done 
<propfemale> just gave me a heart attack!
is ready for her vacation!!
just shared a great belly laugh with my mom  that was a great de-stresser!!!!
"so much loafing today   watched a bit of <propfemale> alley's big life -- don't know if i should be amused or annoyed, but, god, her trainer is hoooot!!"
who knew sams club didn't open until 10?  and here i thought i was getting a headstart on shopping  pfft 
oooh   what will tonights gossip bring?
gorgeous out!  so glad i get to play in such beautiful weather!
what does everyone think of <propfirst> j blige's version of 'stairway to heaven'?
can i go sleep now?
grr   <propfemale> came back with the money way too soon 
"woohoo!  if it's any good, i may be able to buy a 21-piece cookware set for nothing!"
wow   so many people online today 
can't wait to go home and play a bloody videogame!
goodness   i'm bored 
"so    next time i'm scheduled for 11 smile 0 lunch, can i go at 12 smile 0 instead?    because ya know   apparently scheduled times don't matter anymore "
passed my classes for this semester  now i'm free until fall  woohoo!
a must read literary website thing:  http annoyed  literarydetective blogspot com 
at work picnic  lotsa people i don't know or don't really talk to 
bored bored bored bored bored bored     bored
thirsty 
what a gorgeous day to be off!!
penn station teriyaki chicken + fresh-squeezed lemonade for lunch   now    if only i didn't have to work!
"was just called \sunshine\"" by a patron that was not being sarcastic   i'm in shock """
"had fun at sister's rib cook off!!  would've stayed longer but too tired, plus had a mile long walk to car thanks to no parking on street "
oh yeah  i'm still tipsy too!
"   why did i think re-arranging my room was a good thing?  and for a 10x10 room, i have way too much furniture   so tired!"
such a lazy day 
wow    so people really do leave the house wearing two totally different types of shoes   i thought that was just on tv!
damn power went out  now i have no breeze in my room  grrrr
yeah!         work                  
so     who's ready for the new day?
so happy dad put my air conditioner in! i can really feel the difference 
trueblood season 3 premiere tonight 
why do i always bump into things?
crazy lady cussing and swearing at the <propfirst> station    she's freakin' me out 
oooh   understaffed   let the madness ensue!
margaritas with the family   happy happy 
watching boondock saints ii   nice day off 
"does anyone have any tylenol, advil or something of the like?  i have a killer headache "
has decided she does not like teenagers 
well    one leg of my bed broke off   it is now a three-legged bed   how am i supposed to sleep now?
i wanna go outside and play!!
"bummed now that i know true blood ep  4 won't appear on july 4th, but one july 11   grrrrr "
"happy fourth!  i will happily attend a fireworks show and cookout, and, the best part, i don't have to leave my house!"
"what is with all the ptr position postings?  can't they just hire full-time?  if they were full-time positions, i'd apply   "
summer's so nice 
"hmm   i think after work today, i shall stop at the mall and search for <propfemale>  14 k gold hoops   preferably white gold, but whatever i can find cute and decently priced is good too "
discomfort   yes 
should do something 
yeah!  i get to work outside my department for a little bit today!  e playful erience!!
geh  can't believe an hour estimate for an oil change when i even made an appointment!!
random question of the day:  what does everyone think of tattoos? and do you have one?
"if   i say i'm sick of something, why do you persist in tormenting me with chatter about it??"
"wii has the action-motion sensor in the remote; x-box will have kinect, the motion sensor bar (who needs controllers?)   which do you think will be better?"
goin' mexican tonight   oh yeah 
what a beautiful day for appointments!
"why, when there is a turning <propfirst>, do drivers turn left using the normal traffic <propfirst>?"
"trivia @ bw3 tonight!  yeah! alcohol for me!     and, of course, good company too, but definitely alcohol!"
"let's see    gonna do some grocery shopping after work, then make some chili dogs at home!"
sleepy 
"the adventures of the <propfemale> and mr  whiffle, by <propfirst> rothfuss, has the best fairytale ending ever!!!"
rawr 
where in <propmale> can you get the best strip steak?
to see <propfirst>  pilgrim or not to see <propfirst> pilgrim  who dares an answer?
ugh   pain 
"so fitting that, on my birthday, the weather should be perfect!"
grr   psn charged me near to $200 in purchases i didn't make!!
sleepy   work should end for day 
"yesterday was the first time i ever changed a flat time   though i had assistance from my mom, i'm somewhat proud of myself "
i don't feel so good 
goin to da bears game on sat
busy and facing hostile enemies 
"so, i've been walking around for about a month thinking i had a toothache when, in reality, i have an ear infection  smart "
"why do e playful ensive textbooks grow legs, walk away, and refuse to be found?  why?"
who wants to join my gym and be my gym <propmale>?
hmm    wanted to listen to some <propfemale> surf today  pleasantly surpised they were played on the radio 
my ear still hurts 
"at home with my brother, who confessed to being a good girl "
"just had to manually enter \the big book of porn\"" into the library system so someone could check it out    i feel so   so   so   dirty now """
got a new drs appt today  bet he'll say i'm imagining things   bleh 
"so, doctor said the infection is gone   but, um, my ear still hurts    bad "
"why is it, when i'm in the other building, everyone thinks i'm a lazy bum that called off work?  grrrr"
"had a nice day with mom   when the boys (dad + <propmale>) went to the game, we had a late lunch and did some shopping (for groceries, but still fun) "
sleep   need 
spooooooooooon! -- the tick
got the perfect christmas gag gift for my nephew -- mighty beanz 
mmm    hot tea and toast   nummy 
"going with mom to see \you again\"" """
damn power  how am i supposed to iron & make coffee now?
sleepy  need rest 
"dear facebook, today a patron called me a b*   also, during lunch another patron came up to me and complimented me a lot on how nice, friendly, and helpful i am   i'm used to the insult, the compliment made my day "
i like it on the livingroom couch 
"\i am she-ra!\"""""
ugh  work 
"i understand the need for change, and i agree with change, but, would a little more time to adjust to the changes already implemented really be that harmful to those future plans?"
damn that new windows update   why does it keep failing?
can i be lazy and just stay home today?
"ugh   so nice out, but i feel soooo lazy   need to do something, but i dunt wanna "
"just made some <propfemale>, garlic & proscuito stuffed chicken breast  got mad compliments from dad  go me!"
"so, even though i am working and i am seen working, i'm apparently not   interesting "
"hmm  i have a coupon for buy 1 bowl of soup, get 1 bowl free at zoup   who should i use it with in the near future?"
mom   it's all your fault   you shouldn't have double-dipped!
ooooh  no lights!!
"<propfemale>    make some more meatballs, especially for me "
ugh   feel so bad   damn sinuses 
what's everyone dressing up as for halloween this year?
happy halloween!
yay!  testing!
coffee with <propfemale>   mmmm  erie i
i want penn station $2 99 8-in cheesesteak!  why is not downtown?
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related tosomeone)who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppableand, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of peoplewon't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by      dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower    armed with fireextinguishers, the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this  smile "
i hate subject headings 
has anyone seen the ads for upside-down christmas trees?
how    can i have a hangover from just one hoegaarden witbier?
"almost bid on a house i really, really love, but didn't   the stairways were way too damn narrow to get furniture up to the second level or down to the basement   grr   it would have been perfect if not for the stairwells "
ugh 
"why is it, when i'm doing work at home, <propfemale> has decided to continuously pester me for attention, but any other time she ignores me?"
"well     should i buy a house with narrow stairwells?  any thoughts? (<propfemale>, this does not include you   you may not reply to this )"
"isn't it nice to have a day completely to yourself?  no work, no school, no family present, no miscellaneous tasks to do    so relaxing!"
what is this q & a status update i keep seeing from people?
who wants to get me a bottle of water?  hmm?  hmm?  i'll even pay for it 
\once upon a time there was a\,b238104f4b2d349d1bba7c9888fd6f63,mmm    witbeir
attention! i am temporarily out of service  please contact your local repair man for assistance  or contact us at www ohcrap com  thank you for understanding 
damn toyota!!  charged me twice for the same transaction!  grrr!
"i've two tickets for this sunday @ 1pm, browns vs  panthers  $40 00 per ticket   if anyone is interested, let me know "
who's ready for black friday?
watching walking dead while i wait for walmart com to possibly go live with their black friday ads   they really need to get their act together for this day   seriously   target is sooooo much better 
made some walmart bf purchases      finally  sweet deal  hand mixers and choppers under $3 each  thank goodness i didn't actually have to fight the madness for those 
stay clear of <propfemale>'s  those shoppers are crazy 
and toyota service strikes again  they're really f***ing my holiday 
ugh 
toyota is really starting to piss me off now 
"\let's get dangerous!\"""""
<propmale> potter 
nice to be off 
why do drugs that say they're non-drowsy make me sleepier than the normal variety?
i don't care what people say about the facebook cartoon fiasco  darkwing duck is freakin' awesome!!
brownies  brownies  brownies 
lovely snow  can't even see the lake from the 9th floor 
"once past west 25th, it's amazing how clear the roadways get compared to downtown  still, i feel sorry for my downtown crew facing traffic tonight "
power is out 
hungry 
i want a pie bird 
"made tacos for dinner  i rock, i know "
so   umm   10 smile 0   who's with me?
    some guy actually has the name gayland fancher 
so umm why did everyone know about the ddelay before me?  at least phone service let the call about closing through
smells so good in the workroom 
nomnomnomnomnom     zzzzzzz
gee  the tree falls and my mom goes cuckoo 
i want a hippopotamus for christmas 
<propfemale> christmas!
should i apply for the la (youth) in youth services?
doing the laundry   oh joy       why does my ipod have music i don't like on it??
new year's <propfemale>    aren't people supposed to be off today??
resolution:  i will be more responsible 
el jalapeños for new years <propfemale> dinner  let the margaritas be <propfemale> 
ergh  first day back to work in 2 weeks  hope all goes well 
hmm    guess i'll do some more work for a bit   at least i can listen to pandora 
my mother is eating cheddar cheese & sour cream chips with cool whip   ewwwwwwww!
i feel so bad because i was questioning what exactly needs to be cleaned and how 
"hope i'm not sick  if i am, i blame <propfirst>!"
"alright, who's willing to admit they're going to go the new kids on the block and back street boys concert?  hmm hmm   i promise i won't mock you     much "
   should i make my tiramisu cake tomorrow?
i don't want to work today 
first ttime i've been stuck in traffic on west blvd 
love how my normal 20 minute commute turned into an hour plus commute   right 
what's the point of codes for a free movie from redbox (given by redbox) when they can never process the code?
won at bw3's tonight  my teammates are awesome!
"so    why is it the majority of the first floor has lights, but the area that needs lights to work (drive up window) doesn't have any?"
hello   my name is inigo montoya   you killed my father   prepare to die 
"i hate ice snow storms   but, hey, at least downtown parking was relatively easy this morning!"
     why does everything have to be so damned difficult?
so    what's everyone think of the nascar harlequins??
blegh   the weather is making me sick 
"thank god for tylenol!  now, let's do some work "
yay!! it's over!
hmm   my class assignment due date got changed to next week   more time to work on the house now   oh joy   now if only i didn't have to get up at 5 smile 0 am to go to work   
"   turbotax has an app for the iphone     seriously, why would anyone want their tax information on their phone and being sent via cellular phone wifi?"
so need a break from drive-up-window morning shift   i keep catching myself talk to myself   not good 
thinking i might stop by malley's tonight    probably the one in lakewood     mmm   chocolate 
"make the baby shut up   or better yet, vacate the area "
