616bab4a9962d802dcbdccbb628386b0
nothing
bored
nothing much really
nothing just hanging out at home
what is up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfirst> is weird
nothing im awesome
my friend is confusing me
nothing much       really bored       trying to entertain myself         not going so well       (sigh)
still nothing much          really bored            watching my uncle and dad kill people on the ps3                    its kinda interesting                 really koollllll                  (sigh)
too busy being awesome             its a full time job u know                it gets tiring                          but i gots to do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    lol
mad
"is in a sitiation with friends or a \use to be friend\""  and a \""plz be my friend again\"" friend"""
is not in a fight with her frieds anymore
nm     wanna go <propfemale> out wit friends           
is bored       very bored        bout to scream      ahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
im confused        
nm    not confused anymore   
very bored
"is watching my bro and sis hit each other,,,,, its funny"
nm     very bored
"just got back from cosco    ,, and very hungry"
am    very    bored       dont know what to do    am kinda jealous cuz my parents are going to a hockey game and i wanna go soooo badd        theree iss noo tiicket for <propfemale> thoughh      i wanna go       ever so veryy baddly!!!!
                   wanna go very baddly    very very    baddly!!
like seriously i wanna go to the hockey game    but i cant  sad 
well    my parents went to the hockey game and its over     made me very mad    i wanted to go    well its over now     dang it!!!! oh well      well im very irratated    i wanna know what i got for christmas!!!!!!!!! any way   
nothing absolutly nothing      very lazy today   
bored
nothing     well    one thing  im looking fwd to thurs day night and friday mornin
very bored    it was raining    i dont know what to do!!!!! sigh
blah blah blah blah blah
ammmmmmm      veerryy bboorreedd     tthhaattss yy ii aamm wwrriittiinngg lliikkee ddiiss       iit iiss ffuunn        aanndd ii aamm veerryy    bored 
ii lliikkee ttoo ppookkee tthhiinnggss wwiitthh aa ssttiicckk     ii aallssoo lliikkee ttoo kkiillll ssqquuiirreells!!!!!!!!!!!!!! jjkk   ii lliikkee ttoo kkiill ssccoorrppiioonnss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!aanndd ootthheerr bbuuggss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want ice cream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
wanting ice cream      very badly        !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                                                                                                                                  
on farmville they said i could open my presents that was in my tree    and i got kewl stuff    including an alien cow    a grey tabby cat      goldan chicken and sme other animals     i got some decorations too     but i need cash so i sold those    
its christmas <propfemale> and <propfemale>ry one is coming over tonight and i get the worlds best lasagna  so ya its goin to be freakin awesome! i love lasagna and i only get it once a year and thats xmas and its always the worlds best lasagna  and that was voted by my entire family and friends that have eaten my grandmas lasagna  so ya what now? its officially the worlds best lasagna  peace it xmas <propfemale> suckas!
"watchin twilight, then new <propfemale>, then eclipse  then who knows what?"
okayy so u know that punk goes pop rite?? well the ready set redid airplanes     and they freakin ruined it!!
"up at 2 am playing video games   \ im such a guy smile "
someone please e playful lain to me how bottoms up is considered r&b soul?? anyone??
i made it to the school spelling <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
am     very      bored     have to move      hope we get this one house      so yhaa
we got the house and im so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
absolutly nothing
oh my god  i never knew moving was so hard  this is my first time moving since i was 3 months old  which that really doesn't count 
we got this couch and its sooooo comfortable!!!! it like a recliner it goes back and a foot rest comes up     its kewl!!!!!
sigh
im happy for life  life is good  even though bad things happen  its all a part of life 
"everyone agrees with me that life is good, yet harsh     everyone agrees rite???"
hey peoples!!! i had a very fun sleepover with jj@y on saturday night when we had our house warming     it was so funnn!!!!!
soooo boreddd
early realese    happy times happy times
ok ppl never play the worlds hardest game on addeictinggames  com  it will literally drive you crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
welll       i am borrreedddd
there is nothing to do         it gets very annoying!!!
sooooooooooooo bbbboooooooooreeeeeddddddddddd
sigh
we got a new puppy!!! someone gave it to my parents last night for free  all they said is you had to keep his name  his name is azo  he is like a dashaund lasa apso mix  im not sure how to spell those so ya 
sssooo bbboorreedd
im awesome
i am very awesome > > >
i am very awesome > > > 
one word text messages to me mean: 1 yhuu dont care  2 i did something wrong   sad 
iimmm ssoo bboorreeddd
again  iimmm ssoo bboorreeddd
why is it that hello <propfemale> never has a mouth???
"seriously why? it is very weird that hello <propfemale> neverrrr has a mouth  ever! how do yhuu know if she is happy, sad, mad, or just bored! god its kinda annoying!!!"
iiimmm aaa sspppaaazzzz!!!!!
who agrees im a sppaazzz!!!!!!!????
llllllllllooooooooooollllllllllll text me  smile 
text me  smile 
holy crap we havent had internet in so long and now we do  beautiful beautiful facebook!!!!
yeah um facebook is really boring now cuz the freakin chat is freakin discombobulated and crap and doesnt work so i cant talk to freakin people and i cant play games either cuz it slows down our computer
hi everybody!!!!!!!!
its friday night and we're all just kickin back ate some pizza had some soda and watchin the <propmale> cup playoffs coyotes vs red wings  go coyotes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woo hoo!!!!
wassup the peoples!!!
"its saturday! i hate weekends cuz there is nothing to do! well, i hate them yet love them at the same time!!!!!! grrr "
once again sunday  great  chorus practice tomorrow morning  ugh 
"im like, prolly the most bored person, stupid summer vacation!!!! i mean there's nothing at all to do until i go to indiana  which is like 29 days to go!!! someone make time go faster please!!!"
27 days til indiana  sigh  any ideas on what i can do til then???
"nothing is on my mind  im just sitting in a chair, typing this  fun isnt it? i'll prolly go outside and play in a lil  so ya "
8 more days til indiana i cant wait!!!!!
well my friends friend died  he died of lung cancer  sigh   frowny 
am very excited for eclipse to come out!!!! im gonna see it when i get back from indiana!!!!!!!!!
sooo 4 more days til indiana! im excited  cant you tell????!!???
2 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well    im in indiana and there's a tornado warning  yay  how fun  but its sooo humid here  i kept trying to perfect my cartwheel in the bckyard cuz there's grass and u dont find that in az but i kept hurting my toe  it has a lot of bruises on it     but thats okay tho  i get a room in the basement too!!!! it has purple walls    
well      i wasnt used to the time zone change last night so it took me forever to go to sleep and i woke up super early at like eight thirty  thats early for me since im still on az time  so thats five thirty in the morning  thats how early i got up to get on the plane! but luckily last night there was no tornado  it was heading south of us and it hit in goshen which was 7 <propmale> south of us  so thats a good thing  smile 
we went to the park today and ppl kept calling me and i have no idea who they were and it was really annoyinggg!!!
okay we found a dead chipmunk and i started poking it with a stick and if u wanna piture of it just tell me and ill send u one!!!!
i really wanna see eclipse sooo bad and i cant til after i get back from indiana!!
okey tay its like ten o clock here and i still think im still on arizona time cuz i go to bed at three and wake up at like noon and i do that anyway in az but it still feels weird cuz its like just now getting dark cuz indiana has daylight savings time and i wanna see eclipse so freakin bad!!!!!!!
ppl r settin off firworks and its not even forth of july yet
okay im not sure what to do right now so does anyone have any suggestions?
okay ppl you have to go on cleverbot com and talk to it its so hilarious! its a <propfemale> thingie but check it out!
watching <propmale> duhnum  he funny   
sigh im soooo tired
what to do what to do  have no clue so im gonna go to the park yay   
i feel left out  <propfemale> gets a whole bunch of stuff for swimming and new shoes  <propmale> gets new shoes and alot of fireworks  you know what i get? socks 
laying out in the sun  definitely not as hot as arizona 
okay i was on cleverbot and it was trying to convince me i was <propfemale> fox  it was weird 
just about to eat some hot dogs outside  with some cellary and peanut butter  yummy! i still think its weird that they call it supper here  its dinner! gosh 
eminem is officially the awesomest rapper ever
got bit by somethin underneath my eyelid who knows how and it hurts!
omg my eye is like swollen shut! it hurts! sigh  i keep freezing my cheek cuz of my ice pack 
watching new <propfemale>  love this movie!
finally getting to watch <propfemale> in wonderland!
<propfemale> in wonderland is a good movie!
my eye still hurts but not as much as yesterday  so im happy bout that   laugh 
watching wipeout  so funny smile  love this show!
i just went on a spaceball it was awesome
okay there's this lil spaceball thingie and it spins you fast and its awesome!
just got back to grandma's house from michigan  im so tired 
i am very tired today and just basically playin video games all day    and finishing my book  maybe 
"my bro keeps doin the lil \claps for krysta\"" whenever i have a blonde moment and its getting super annoying """
soooooooooo boredddd
what should i do?
i like this profile pic better even tho it was my halloween one
watching wipeout  so funny!
well i might begoin to bed a lil earlier tonight 
oh my god i am so sick of the stupid arguments <propfirst> just wont let anything go so i get sucked into these arguments and my feelers are hurt they always are cuz of freakin <propfirst> he just has to go all psycho and annoy me so im gonna freakin block him 
so tired but i cant fall asleep
sigh just got back from taco <propfemale> and playin dsi  boringgggggggggg
finally getting to watch the hangover!
soooo  bored im going to chicago on wednesday tho  i hate long car drives when your smoooshed in the backseat
have to go pick up <propfemale> at her grandma's which is like an hour away from where im staying  ugh 
okay so tomorrow we're going to navy pier in chicago whatever that is  so yeahh hopefully it'll be fun  laugh 
i was like on fire with anger 5 <propfemale> ago kicking the ball and hitting it really hard it almost hit <propfemale> in the face everytime and then im all of a sudden
super calm  it ticks me off  why do i have to be so bi-polar?
on my way to chicago  woohoo
im in chicago  they have funny looking buildings  and there lights are confusing
sigh     i cant wait to get back to arizona  indiana definatly not arizona
going home in two day  so excited  and eating coco puffs! yummy!
can't wait to go home and someone called me at 2am indiana time and i don't know who it was and its bugging me 
just finished burned  awakened doesn't come out til january!
im so happy im going home tomorrow 
im home sweet home! finally!
apparently my bro says that there thinking about making lil highways for squirrels that go above regular highways  highways for squirrels? really!
yay! going  to see eclipse! now i have to get used to arizona time     i woke up at like quarter to seven! seeing eclipse in three hours! can't wait!
seeing eclipse! so happy!
best movie ever!
"well its monday, and i got nothing to do      in two days i have to have surgery     and     i got nothing"
"tuesday  why did summer go slow, then super fast, and now its slow again  will school start already so im not so bored all the time?"
watching stepbrothers  love this movie!
well i have surgery in the morning  woo hoo 
yummm  oreos  yummy!
surgery in 1 hour  sigh  i do not want needles or whatever in my mouth!!!!
getting surgery isn't all that bad  you just have to get passed the needle
sittin at home    i really like cant eat anything but like soft stuff  i cant chew til my wounds heal  sigh  heal fast please!
*smile*
"yeah only being able to eat mashed potatoes, jello, pudding, and ice cream isnt as good as it sounds cuz its not real food and you will still be hungry "
its pouring! i wanna run around in it so bad!
"does anyone think that mcdonalds should be illegal? im just sayin, there food sux and its a mess  it should be illegal!"
"okay so its friday  i have 2 days til its monday again, 5 days til i get my stitches removed, 6 days til i get my braces, and 17 days til school starts  why can't it be: 2 days til i get my stitches removed, 5 days til school starts, 6 days til its monday agian, and 17 days til i get my braces  i like my way better then the real way "
okay i think i've drunk enough water in the past two days to fill a swimming pool  im dead serious!
somebody text me  laugh 
mmmm brownie batter  delicious!
well       i got nothin 
bout to watch 8 mile  its supposed to be a good movie
going to get my braces  yippy     not!
my mouth is just now starting to hurt  stupid braces  but the good thing is in ten weeks i get colored bands!
watching the x games  these ppl can do crazy stuff!
tuesday  stitches get removed tomorrow  might possibly be going school shopping on saturday  school starts monday  it needs to be monday already!
breaking <propfemale> part 1 comes out 11 18 11 and part 2 comes out 11 16 12  they are making us wait so long but the longer they make us wait the longer the saga doesnt end  i dont want it to end!!
my brother had to put warm water in a coffee cup cuz ther was coffee stuck to the bottom of it and just now he tasted it and almost puked it was funny
tomorrow is wednesday          nothing but getting stitches removed  story of my life  boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wednesday    getting stitches removed in four hours  yippy! i hope it doesnt hurt    i ve had enough pain in the last three weeks 
*sighs* school needs to come faster     laugh 
¡¡¡¡¡?oo? s?? u?op ?p?sdn ?u????? ??o? ? ??????uoos ????s o? sp??u ?oo??s *s???s*
2 blondes were driving 2 disneyland the exit sign reads: disneyland left they started crying & headed home
when i'm right i'm right but when i'm wrong i could've been right so i'm still right  because i could've been wrong  but i'm right  smile 
i just wrote a message that had almost two thousand letters and spaces in it in less then 120 seconds  (two <propfemale>) my hads hurt! laugh !
tgif! thank god i'm free? oh wait  thank god i'm fabulous? hmmm  annoyed  oh yeah! thank god it's friday! yeah!  smile 
im happy school starts tomorrow  i won't be bored all day long anymore  yay! teehee
got dark red highlights today  there gonna look awesome once there all the way done! im so happy!
playing wii bowling b4 school  got nothing better to do 
there playing all this gay crap on the radio  it ticks me off 
today was exhausting  its not even funny!
welllllll school tomorrow and i have my first cross country practice yayyyy
"i will becompletely honest for the next 24 hrs  you can ask me one question(only in my inbox   that's the rule) any question, no matter what orhow crazy  i will answer no matter what you have my full honesty  but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked!!"
well    i figured out that if you listen to the radio in the shower no one can hear you singing! woo-hoo!
mmmm brownies!
oh my gosh i still wanna sleep but i can't fall asleep and i can barely talk!
"texting + facebook= textbook  so i'm studying, right?"
just loves doing what other people say i can't do!
well right after cross country practice i got to run like i actually ran to circle k and got an icee and walked home 
well    goin campin up by payson gonna get cooled off
well just got home from camping and     i soooo need a shower 
"who knows me? i bet nobody can answer all of these correctly!!\fullname:_________ bestfriend:___ birthday:_____ favecolor:______ eyecolor:_____ favesport:______ fave thing to do:_____ favefood:____ faveband:____\copy and paste this as your status and see who really knows you!"
"if you like me, like this status  if you hate me put a mad face > sad  if you are my friend put a happy face  smile   if you love me, put a ? and post this on your wall"
well     i fell asleep with my phone on my chest and i woke up and couldn't find it  i looked everywhere  turns out it fell in my trash can  stupid phone!
(wake me up) wake me up inside (i cant wake up) wake me up inside (save me) call my name and save me from the dark (wake me up) bid my blood to run (i cant wake up) before i come undone (save me) save me from the nothing i've become        that song is so awesome!
now i will tell u what i've done for you 50thousand tears ive cried screaming decieving bleeding for you and you still wont hear me im goin under dont want your hand this time ill save myself maybe ill wake up for once not tormented daily defeated by you just when i thought id reached the bottom im goin under drowning in you im fallin forever ive got to break through im goin under
on my way to my best friends house! im so freakin excited! i haven't gotten to <propfemale> out with her in forever! im so happy!
"woohooo i made it through a whole day without running into something, getting poked, or falling! wait    maybe not      i did run into a door and i tripped on the sidewalk  sad "
typical friday night annoyed ayin down texting and listening to music  perfect mixture 
i have this cardinals camp thing tomorrow during school and im excited!!
don't give me alot of pizza    it makes me hyper!!
just got done riding in circles on my bike to get energy out  im still hyper but no one is outside with me sad 
welllllllllllll                      what should i do????? i am so boreddd!!!!
i remember when animals were crackers not rubber bands
welll!!!!!! just listening to my favoritteeee band!!!!!!!!!!!!
well!!!!! hmmmm      read a book? no  draw a picture? no  write a letter? no  listen to music? heck yes   smile 
ugh  way too early to be going to a cross country meet!!!
i got a lame 12th place  addy got first! lexi got 2nd! our school did goooooood!
watching a horror movie    fun!
go cards!
its almost halftime and the cards are down by 14! come on cards!
"oh wait, now there down by 21!! really!!!"
"what is the <propfemale> above the letter \i\"" called??? i normally dont <propfemale> my i's but idc i want to see if u guys know!!!!! i doo!!"""
holy crap! that storm was insane! i have a pile of ice in my backyard thats knee level! and it broke a window! omg! and the clouds were moving so fast!
"honest! if you think i'm pretty, like this status  if you love me put a ?  if i am your friend put a  smile  if you wish you could hug me put a  laugh   if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush on me put an  laugh   if your brave enough, re-post this as your status smile "
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
"trying to study for a quiz, thats tomorrow, but not going well  i suck at knowing where countries are!"
playing ps3  fun!!!
im at adisyn's house and we've been outside kicking a soccer ball and she taught me all sorts of stuff bout soccer and all the stupid rules  if i played
"soccer, i'd get so many penalties for pushing ppl and shoving "
i just realized its 10 10 10!!!!!!! i feel so special 
omg its 10-10-10 10:10pm!!! well at least it was sad 
i want a vampire killing <propfemale>
ok so  my phone decided to lock of outta it so now i can't get into it  now i have to use <propmale> 's old phone and it sux!!!
well <propfemale> decided to switch phones with me so now i gots a samsung and its better then the nokia cuz the buttons are easier to press=-)~
i got a track meet at peoria high school and i gotta be there by 7 30  my goal is to get at least 9th!
i got 4th!!
got a touch scrreen fone and the keytones r annoying and i cant turn them off!!!!
my brother is being so superly awesome!!!! hes gonna trade me his gravity for my behold!!! im so happity!!!
maybbe not     the gravity 1 sux  i want thee gravity 2  ill stick with this one its better then the gravity 1
"its only 7 oclock and i wanna go to bed  i have to wake up at six thirty cuz gots practice, and im hungry  story of my lifee  fascinating rrightt?"
i need sleep  teehee
u know whhat? today is freakin monday  people should be happy today  i know im not but be the beetteer person! be happy!!!!!!
<propfemale>     monday     we meet again!!!!!!!! i win today because today was almost awesome!!!
well i got my wii conected to the internet so now i can go onto the internet on my wii
i got a 160gb ipod classic!!!!!!
buyin songs to put on me ipod!!
i am at my awesomely not friends bday party     jk jk jk she is awesome!!!
ahhh     its friday! i have a cross country meet tomorrow at desert valley    just relaxing nd such  =-)~
y pinneapples for a name  r they related to apples? do they come off a pine tree?? so many kwestions bout pinneapples 
i hope the cowboys lose 
wat am i gonna be for halloween u ask? im gonna go as myself cuz im ur worst nightmare> smile 
well <propfemale> picked out wat im wearing  nd make up apparently im supposed to be an emo bride
i  love  my best friend!!
"i like chicken, i like liver  meow mix meow mix, please deliver!! i lov that commerical!"
"ate 4 tacoss, taken a showr nd im ready to relax"
"play the color game  smile  copy this onto your status and see what people rate\you  red = i love you  pink = your cute  green = your funny  orange= i\like you  yellow= your amazing  black = i hate you  blue = friends\forever  purple= your hot  rainbow = your sweet  <propfemale>= i miss you?   smile "
well the fun fest waz amazing  soooo fun  me nd adisyn boxed  i waz gonna box <propmale> but he boxed <propfemale>  too bad i had to leave 
ur all jealous cuz im going bowling tonight!! i suck at it but <propmale> always beats me nd <propfemale> does too cuz they use bumpers! i dont!
bowling was fun 
packers or cowboys??? whos gonna win?
ha cowboyz have only gotten like three first downs nd green bays gotten like twenty  its hilarious 
what i like most about gummy bears is that they cant fight back when u bite their heads off   smile 
powdered donuts make me go nuts!!!!!!!!!
i got third in district nd our skool had a 1st 2nd 3rd finish nd then we got our skool a district champions trophy!
text <propfemale>!!!
on the spongebob movie he say he has 374 consecetive employe of da month awards divide thay by 12 nd u get 31 166 or somethin hes <propmale> @ da krusty krab for 31yrs
sooooo      why do i feel like im in a rut??
<propfemale>! anser ur fone!
ohmigod  went to great skate last nite  ouch  but i had funnn!!!
lets punch captain crunch then well eat his face for lunch smile 
tomorrows xmas <propfemale>  u no wat that means? i get to eat my gmas awesome lasagna!!!
"so i got a skateboard, an ipod speaker, some clothes, new <propfemale> special edition, eclipse special edition, nd idk what i gettin tomorrow"
im watchin eclipse smile 
im gonna rub it in evrybodies face who said the cowboyz were gonna win    they lost sukkas!! what now!!!!
eating hot cheetos
so im in benson nd its supposeofly supposed to snow l8r     bkredness has over come me!!!
its snowing!
back to the same old grind!!!
awakened came out today smile  i want it so bad!!!
mini soft baked buns of awesomeness- try hot pockets sideshots  wow 
i got four kills at world at war and my uncle got 43  
"if a chikken is trying to attack u, cut of its head and watch nd laugh at it "
"keep ur feet on the ground, <propfemale> ur heads in the clouds, nd while ur up there, see if they taste like vanilla cotton candy smile "
trash cans  why r they called cans <propfemale> they r plastic??
"never thought i would ever say this, but im happy the packers won "
today is an off day  i woke up excited and happy  i couldn't spell   i couldn't write  i didn't eat much at lunch  i don't want to listen to music  weird 
i want my old phone!
"i don't know what <propfirst> did, but as soon as i was done talking to him, my phone works  weird "
goodnight smile 
i finally own a tapout shirt!
"okay so the ppl who made a commercial with <propfirst> bieber, should get there head checked "
woohoo!!! steelers lost! yes!
"okay so if i ever was homeless, i'd try to get myself in jail so i get fed  wouldn't you? you would have a roof over your head    kind of   "
<propfirst>'s day is stupid  its the worst day of the year 
south park is awesome 
i love poppit smile 
i love the rain smile 
rain come back
300$ for a pair of studded converse  isnt that a little much? i mean come on
our car window just shattered
okay so when ppl say 'first thing in the morning' its not true  the first thing they do in the morning is wake up  duh 
how is sonic a hedgehog? it makes no sense  is there something i'm missing?
i got new socks smile 
awakened is finished  now i have to wait til november for the next one to come out  i can't wait that long!
music is my life 
ughhhhhh!!!
i just bought goodbye lullabye by <propfemale> lavinge! i love <propfemale> smile )))
best day of the year tomorrow  field day!! we're gonna pone
i hate second place  it makes me feel like the 1st loser 
ugh i hate spring break!
i'm watching the crazies smile 
my favorite letter of the alphabet: x     i don't know why its just awesome
900 messages since monday afternoon  i think thats a new record for me  good thing i have unlimited text smile 
st  patricks day would be alot more fun if <propfirst> was here like last year sad  i miss u <propfirst>!
"boredom, boredom, boredom! why do u come to me??? go pick on someone else   "
i am very proud of my story  i really hope i do good on it  its awesome
