1a28e274f6f71fa8cfb37468d5ca4eec
take my quiz!
finally has hot water again! hello hot shower here i come!
"wished the phone didn't ring, forcing him to get out of the shower     "
someone hacked my bank account
fml
fml! $-56 bucks thanks to some hacker
finally isn't stressed anymore     
counseling and old (ex?) friend
rap is whack
why do i manage to fuck up royally every time?!? im so sorry     
gonna be an army medic!
is going to see <propfirst> blart: mall cop at the angel fire movie under the stars event with a new friend! <propfemale>!
just returned from abq  good to be in cooler weather
is painting  alot
gaah it rains every day exactly at 4pm
hahahh kangaroo <propfirst>     
my grandpa is driving me nuts!  annoyed  i'm goin to bed
goin atving! see you all if i survive!  laugh 
woooo! i survived! huzzah!
missin' her  annoyed 
is suuuuper bored
missin' her     
all in all im having a pretty good day     
waitin on <propfirst>       
is tired       but not  annoyed 
anyone know how the hell to start a group?
goni to bed     night all!
gettin ready for bed  gonna drive a mustang tomorrow!  laugh 
is pretty exhausted and has had a long day      i think im goin to bed eh 
isn't feeling that great      but bored out of his mind     
im thinkin bout sleepin    
im watching the movie ninja  tis epicsauce!
"so if a sentient, walking block of cheese eats some yogurt, is it cannibalism?"
"is leaving to basic training tomorrow morning  ft  lostinthewoods, missouri here i come!"
"too easy drill seargent, too easy"
another day of ait  a whole lot more to go
god  i hate math 
wooo passed my pt test!
doesn't understand why all of his 'friends' turn shitty  even the good ones 
needs to let go of his past      bad   annoyed 
"text my new phone with your name, if i like you ill add you and txt back  505 340 5499"
new phone: 505 340 5499
my new phone number: 505 340 5499
i just finished getting my ass beat by a female  twice 
i love the army  end of story 
i'm finally getting full privlages today!
runnin on little sleep  not plannin on gettn much more
"today was quite a day! tomorrow the week starts again!  i'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best  — <propmale>, <propfemale>"
so exhausted     
wooo! riding around in the duty <propfirst>!
hooah  period 
i definatly just closed my hand in the door of a <propfirst>  i think its fractured     
so i just got xrays and vicodine for my hand
soooo my thumb still hurts     
i definatly just got called out by a captain for listening to lady gaga      fml
"sometimes when you think you couldn't possibly lose, something jumps out and cuts your throat "
"and after your throat is cut, you may just be saved     "
"but sometimes, the knife that cut you, was poisoned   "
but wait! there on the horizon! its your 68w friends! you may be saved 
!a good morning so far  maybe the rest of the day will match
i think i just drank anti-freeze
is happy 
is wondering what life holds in store for me     
is taking gods lemons and making god's hard lemonade 
thinks that everything may in fact turn out ok     
best detail ever!!! wooo carnival police call!
that's it  i quit  for good this time 
sharks hooah!
its not rape if you yell surprise!       right?
oh my god  it's happening again  there's no way the exact same thing could happen to me like this     
i'm tired      i can't waste energy on worrying about stupid stuff anymore     
hooah resistors 
"i swear, damn jafos are everywhere "
yay weekend  i'm too exhausted tho     
happy mothers day!!!
hooah! reshaping my beret!
hooah life  lol  smile 
"i want to sleep right now, but i can't  smile "
i now go to find out when they pull my wisdom teeth     
"suuper tired\like super tired"
my phones off at the moment  working on the problem  no need to panic 
has pink eye  gross 
i get my wisdom teeth pulled june 11  yay  now should i just get the bottom two pulled or all 4? they have to dig for the top teeth   
hello sleep i missed you  hooah 24hr med quarters
just finished mixin some music on reason  going to bed  night all 
too    tired       to continue studying       
sleep beckons  but so does music    i suppose music can wait 
phone works again!
is home  and happy   smile 
gotta love adventures in diguise!
just passed the city of elephant butte  wow 
got a new tatoo
"been a long weekend, but not long enough, tatoo hurts but i'm still glad i got it  goodnight all"
dehydrated      todays run sucked  annoyed 
"is slightly addicted to twitter      if you have it find me at @conley35t if not, dont get it  its the devil"
finally done with class! yay! hahaha
i don't want to have to do homework     
people should text me      505 340 5499
its waaay too early to be alive         annoyed 
when you like this status i will post something on your wall i like about you  make this your status if you want a challenge  (reposting because it's disappearing on my wall)
finally caught up with all the messages  gotta sleep now  wakin up at 4am  night everyone!
finally the weekend       smile 
time to spend the weekend makin music     
"well its been a long interesting day\im off to bed\goodnight world"
"was an interesting sturday  coulda been more interesting but sadly, no pass  sad "
how many people here have twitter? if you do add me @conley35t
not excited for the week to start again    
"take what you can, give nothing back"
has had a horrible day 
sooo i think that the army should cut this crap and stop screwing my friends over     just sayin
i missed my dental appointment due to misinformation  dammit 
a good day  smile 
is headed to bed  have a great night you amazing people!
good pt session  gonna make me big and strong 
has learned that being around stupid people every day all day really pisses him off       
is having a very good weekend
is ready for the week  for once 
so the army thinks i might have asthma      i don't think i do      but they do 
wake up  2 mile+ run  now a nap before class  just wish my lungs would open up so i can stop coughing 
passed his clock test! woo! halfway through the schoolhouse! commo here i come!
muscle failure pt  good workout! naptime!
run day  five fingers of death 
8 hour financial readiness!  laugh  fml
"going hiking today! weather: cloudy, hot, humid, with a <propmale> of thunderstorms  hooah "
i'm on top of a mountain!  laugh 
finally made it back down the mountain!
camelbak shaped tanlines      ouch     
"my phones not working, again, i dont know why tho, i paid my <propmale>  so ill call at&t later  sorry for those of you i was texting!"
lunch    god i wish my phone worked     
phone works again!
"finally getting motivated to work out, by the time i go back to wa in december, ill be hella buff  hooah "
"\its friday bravo!\""\",1a28e274f6f71fa8cfb3746 laugh 5ca4eec,got 100% on my rf signals and analysis test today     
got stung by a <propfemale> while doing pushups today  right in the center of my palm   annoyed 
fuck this  im done 
karmas gonna come around and kick your ass  like it did mine  i just hope i get to see it 
i just ran a 13:42 2-mile
"in the last 2 days i've made a coax cable, an ethernet cable, and im halfway through building an am fm radio  i love soldering class   "
"finished the am part of my radio today, worked like a charm!  laugh "
todays going awesome!
gooood morning vietnam!
"has 2, count em, 2!!! wrist braces  he is so cool "
goodnight everyone!
gooood morning! (so far)
just got starcraft ii  goodbye sleep!
well i'm starting my weekend  i'm going to do my best to enjoy it   
"weekend is over  hello army, nice to see you again, let's do this so i can have another weekend "
lost my phone charger      gonna try and get a new one tomorrow   
"im sorry to everyone thats trying to get ahold of me but can't, im working to get a charger that works  annoyed "
phones working again  just sayin  lol
good pt today  hooah moving downstairs in the schoolhouse! done with fiber optics! done with team 2! systems and team 3 here i come! hooah solaris!
hooah  wasted my morning on a health and welfare inspection 
"anyone over the 18 (or anyone not related to me) should watch the show archer  hulu's got all 10 episodes, funny as hell"
\cannot find boot device \,1a28e274f6f71fa8cfb3746 laugh 5ca4eec,had a long day at the range with a fairly disappointing evening  i'm exhausted 
hooah g i  party!!!!
"\who did shoot the <propfemale> landing?\""\",1a28e274f6f71fa8cfb3746 laugh 5ca4eec,seeing as everyones got skype (finally) you should put your skypename down so i can add you
i hate this place  stupid people wasting my time  im not coming home 
"watchin boondock saints yet again\ smile ))"
uggg cq from 6 to 6 today    
just watched <propfirst> darko for the first time ever       wow     
halo reach = crazy amazing  whos got xbox live and cod mw2 or hr add me this is tweak
extra duty makes the day just too long      im exhaustedd   
pulling weeds  all day  ug 
hour and a half left! woooooo
tomorrows my last day of extra duty!!!
"off extra duty! those of you ive been supposed to call, i will take care of that this evening "
pushups: 42 situps: 83 2-mile run: 13:56 total apft score: 243 verdict: still not good enough   annoyed 
how did we meet? copy and paste this in your status see who remembers
im going crazy! text me!
"my phones about to die, won't have my charger till tomorrow!"
great night! soon to sleep    
i now have to wait in the tucson airport until 11:15 before my flight boards
"awesome, i get to sit by smelly people, fantastic "
"iiiiiim in phoenix  next stop, sea-tac "
i'm home 
"heading to bed, gotta fly back to az tomorrow,, goodbye wa ill miss you, see you again soon!"
"and so, the weekend begins "
first night of college class
headin to phoenix
"so when i got here i could't do one unassisted pull up, now i can do 25  improvement? most certainly "
"my phone is off    again  till next tuesday, if you need to get ahold of my send me a fb message and ill try and all you as soon as possible"
soooo the army isnt what i thought it would be    it sucks a whole lot more   
i  love  hardstyle
happy thanksgiving all!
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb til monday, dec  6  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
i'm going to be home in exactly one week!!! wa here i come!
"boarding my plane at lax, sea-tac here i come     "
"at the showare center in <propmale>, wa"
happy birthday me  smile 
"wow, i got home around 9 am and woke up again at 4pm      and my phone died while i was asleep, i apologize to those who have tried to contact me! i will call text you back when it turns back on!"
bored! what's going on tonight issaquah? hit me up  5053405499
<propfemale> xmas everyone!
"on the plane, heading back to arizona "
"prescribed lunesta for insomnia and anxiety, ill be dead to the world until tomorrow"
tomorrow i go on the 6pm to midnight shift      yay
"9am appt  arrive at 845, still not in the appointment at 937, i hate waiting"
chillin in tucson     
"well this is something, we are having a \snow day\"" with no snow      its just stupid cold outside    """
chillin on an airforce base
"a nice, early, refreshiung walk after a long night of gaming "
finally added the 2 1 system update on my phone!
you would think i would know better than to leave my facebook unsecured for hours but i left it and thats why all of you will come to believe i might love to cross dress
i will be returning to wa in < 2 weeks if all goes as planned 
"update: due to a paperwork mix up i will not be returning this friday, and im not going straight to wa, its looking like next friday "
"the army will only send me to nm so i will be heading there first, most likely renting a u-haul, either this upcoming wednesday or friday, as long as noone messes up my paperwork again before then "
"certain \battle buddies\"" need to watch themselves     """
i've flipped more lids than a monkey in a soup kitchen        of the mind!
