80472bd26cbe6106de4b085828f307c5
smushing <propfemale> and her puppy-butt dont mind
is on a train to nowhere and it seems like its an ok place
is working with skeletons    youll see in a day or two   
ready to go back but the silly puppy thats kicking my head wants to come too    thing they would let my bring my chihuahua  she cute and potty trained     think they would?
feels over-exhausted i wonder why?
is taking children's gummy vitamins   why because its the same stuff as the adults just different dosage(also like 3 dollars less) and gummy bears are good!
lighting and thunder  and power off ekks    and know back hehe i have a flashlight so im prepared woot!
7:15 old shower is no fun why was there no hot water?
potato soup and salad for dinner yummy!
coffee (even weak coffee) makes some things better    smile   love 
urgh urgh stupid photo thing on facebook you can go jump off a bridge thats what    sorry no pictures today   
pride dance set up 330 in den  pride dance 10pm to 2am  come out!!!
gets to go home     blah not cool    
oh facebook stop telling me i have messages when i dont   
can wait for where the wild things are movie!
not really feeling great have a long day tomorrow so yea 
tired    long days ahead of me   
margine's wedding  tommrow she is no longer vendrick!!!  love 
: ( misses home and everyone there  love 
 love  facebook and its pirate talk option  so i dont logg out i abandon ship  love  yay!!!!
i want to take french!!!!!!
im ready for break coming to be coming home tues so anyone want to <propfemale> call me!
thanks for the bday wishes everyone!!  love 
working thats all ive been doing     and thats all ill contunie doing till break   
in the library and wish that people who wanted to look at porn would go home and do so     i dont want to see vaginas and booty when im trying to write a paper
library + music= paper working     and its going ok!
done for the day sortof    need sleep kind of
project project  words words      talk talk    coffee needs to magically reappear in cups self refilling
computer is back!!!
neon blue 
"ladies - your red, black,pink,neon blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made fox news and good morning <propfemale>  facebook doesn't know who started it going but the <propfemale> g komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer  way to go! post this on your wall - if you participated in the bra color posts     smile "
is tired but  tons of things still to do
way back week  via pictures
slowly killing trees
long days and nights ahead
little wisps of wind that create small tornadoes of chaos 
when stuff starts breaking in the studio its time to walk away 
great start to the morning     haha then seeing <propmale> and fin<propmale>ly <propfemale>!!!
tired very tired     no sleep tonight though
long stressful week so    yea      
this week is turning out to be very bad sad     need some rest and family time 
urgh     so many things to do <propfemale> little time  
"thank you everyone that helped me this weekend, and the ones who offered but didn't get to help!"
thanks everyone for coming out to my opening last night!     and for those who haven't seen my show it will be up till friday till 4 
finals week and then back home!
tired    things slowly getting done   two more weeks and i'm out of here 
does anyone know if there are senior week activities?
paper   french exam   papers   then sleep
papers done now to move out stuff from the <propmale> building   
heading home for the day!
went home today think it would have been easier to stay longer   but when sat roles around dont have to come back unless some peoples tempt me   
graduation tomorrow and then home  smile 
working on my resume     then to apply and send it into places  
<propfemale> boop
job interview    nervous     
in the process   
modest mouse and a thunderstorm was very peaceful driving back home  smile 
1st day on the job went super great!
"if you could see me    whoever i am    it's not like the movies,but it's not all skin and bones   so come on love"
don't know how tomorrow's going to look tax free weekend     urgh hopefully it is not too bad at work 
can weds finally get here?
someones having a nice night after having stolen a psp from target today     blah
work work work
is still in motion even if standing still
not a good start to the week     car accidents sux
"please,join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors  my wish is that people will understand thatbeing ripped limb from limb and gobbled by a vicious carnivore is not achoice - people that were eaten were just not fast enough  93% won't    copy and paste this  for good reason    "
just finished <propfirst> quist book lets just say if u dont start working on another one you will have a very unhappy camper   it was buetiful <propfirst> loved it!  smile 
cartoon week pick your fav cartoon from when you were a kid   
thanks every one for the bday wishes it was a great one even if i had to work    smile 
5: your awesome! and i wish we still were seeing eachother every day you always know how to make me smile even in my really really bad days i miss our convos just about anything! and sitting around at the table when you gonna visit?
14 what to say what to say    those times in <propmale> class avoiding people and going to lunch at subway were the best!  we need to <propfemale> out soonish it feels like forever and a day since the last time i saw you
waiting at the hospital blergh wish moms meeting would hurry ups
its way too early blergh tired and tomrrow i have to wake up an hour earlier
work blergh tired
bought my wedding dress today it is beautiful!!!!!!!  love 
working on guest book yay! yall are gonna loves it
guest book arrived today!!!!  love   smile 
slept for an hour now cant get back to sleep and have to be at work at 7 am urgh                
blergh still somewhat sick     hopefully this sick will go away  
 love  had a good weekend
