6934c1fa659b0cb8da5cb5396f7f28d1
happy new year to all yay its a brand new start
oh my goodness i'm so glad to see all these people i haven't seen in forever!!
enjoying the last day of the weekend
it's friday woo-hoo ready for a drink   
<propfemale>'s i'm yo senorita
basketball game canceled so just shoppin today maybe grab a brewsky while were out
black <propfemale>     if you please
omg what a weekend think i wanna try to keep the rest of the week chill before i come at somebody like a spider monkey
gettin crunk in this beeeotch
i'm all jacked up on mtn dew   
yay!!! lil <propmale> on friday!!!
work til 5 then straight to <propfemale> yay
i dropped my phone in a cup of water  woops   so now it's chillin in a bag of rice      awesome
yay rice!!
i am the reigning beer pong champ!!!
hold on we're half way there   livin on a prayer  take my hand and we'll make it i swear   
if this were pakistan somebody's hand would be chopped off!!
it's funny how much trouble one lil skirt can keep you out of     or get you into
oh how do i always get myself into such ass backwards situations   oh well yay life lessons
he changed the color on my mood ring     
goin to tha beach for a couple days while awaiting a decision  
and another one bites tha dust   oh well
gotta love the small town bullshit  oh well   i've given up and sayin hellur to my lil friend  how you durin mr  cuervo come to mama
don't chase  just replace lol  laugh 
that's why i love tha panthers   get em boys
takin my time just movin on   you'll forget about me after i've been gone   
so last night yea   bar brawl starring me and this big ass bouncer im sure it was funny as hell from the outside lookin in i got some nice punches in and a straight kick to the nads with my heels on haha  much love to heddy and <propmale> for havin my back  anyway so the bouncer ended up bleedin hahaha bitch ass
happy halloween
ridin through tha city lookin pretty as tha usual   
ready for this week to be over
thai food rocks so suck it heddy n <propmale>
ready to see tha sexy man        wink  i've waited so long its about that time
damn went out last night to find mr  cuervo and ended up with mr  dickel and then tha bastard made me lose my keys
can't touch this!!!! duh na na na duh na na na
damn that snickering dog
happy thanksgivin to all yall jive turkeys  smile 
blue 42   rover sit   hut hut
clumsy day damnit
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood i'm about to grab my sweater an get my mr  rogers on
i have the most wonderful sister in the world!!! i love her sooo much!!! i have the best family ever!!! i am sooooo freakin lucky!!!!
this is the reason you remember to push the logout button but yees shilshta i lurv u
aaaaahhhhhh
"but i love smiling, smiling's my favorite  laugh "
i love snow!!! finally some in la
yay its almost 2010 happy to see this one over and another one beginning although lookin at the date makes me feel older then molasses
spacklin
"i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost, i hope i am right! let's lift up his name and make a statement! sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost this    when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3% repost this message "
"he thinks my spacklin sexy it really turns him on, he's always starin at me while i putty along   my new spacklin song i didn't have any music"
din with the shilshta
why don't they make a beeper for your phone charger?
boone for the weekend <propfemale>'s comin to town  
sandin the walls and paintin the ceiling this should be eventful
i did the macarena with a smurf at the dinner table because i'm a ninja!  (don't ask bc i won't tell)
goin to boone tonight <propfemale> ledford's playin at flipside holla at the cell if your goin
i love <propfemale> ledford had a blast with em although i've got to say that my sprinkler was the best!
tacklin the ceilin's today buddy  and if any we can then maybe gonna primer the walls but who knows i've never tried to paint a ceilin before gotta find some goggles
ceilin down primer today and 2nd coats to whatever needs it then off to lowe's tomorrow for a lil fixer upper eye <propfemale>  
goin to check out some handy men at ze lowe's
high off paint fumes shower time and then ready for a beer
tougher then a lion aint no need in tryin  
went sleddin last night  ran into a tree caught some air landed right on a log bruised my ass then walked back up the hill only to be attacked and have my face shoved in the snow and my nose bloodied wooo  time for round 2
is now sick after a super long week   i think thats karmas way of tellin me to chill for a bit
gettin ready to go thinkin about headin up to lazy dog
ok i love tha saints but i love my colts so i gotta say go get em payton!!!!! very sorry <propmale>!
had a sad night last night and just progressively got worse   but alcohol washed some tears away and <propfirst> <propfirst> helped alot
goin to grab a late lunch with <propfemale> and <propfemale> and then off to run some errands
hky
what a month
phone has gone crazy apparently when people call they can hear me but i can't hear anything   just sounds like an easy way to get in trouble so gotta go to hky but doubt they can do anything because i dropped it in water a while back
well within the past month i've broken my camera and my phone apparently i'm technology challenged
goin to hicko-ray tonight
"one love, one heart"
goin to watch <propfemale> tonight finally ive been waitin on my date with mr  depp for awhile
tanin and walkin then off to the library
???? ????op u?? ? ???? ?ool
wow how funny  i love mc hammer can't touch this and it has came on everywhere i have been and then on the radio on the way there  crackin me up but its awesome i never get enough of that song
boone tonight
i had a blast for st  patricks day and saw so many random yet awesome people   but my head is still freakin hurtin    green beer
is so very sorry to hear such terrible news my heart and prayers go to those hurting in such sad times i am praying for ya'll in ashe  god bless
rebel music to get you ready for that revolution
oh my gosh i love pretty weather and i am so ready to hit a water hole somewhere yay sunshine
omg  tryin to recover from last night what a freakin night sheesh the things that i can get into  
so started my new job yesterday worked from 12 to 4 went out to the car put on my flip flops and drank from 4 to 9 smile 0 haha diggin the new job  
gotta work a double tomorrow boo  but gonna make some mu-lah and then off til sunday afternoon bring on the weekend!!
so dealin with another broken phone this makes like the umm 4th phone in about 3 weeks  oh joy
(814): all i wanna do is sit in water and get drunk  the only thing more american is giving birth to eagles 
gotta close tonight and open in the mornin boo    but when i get off tomorrow don't have to come back til saturday afternoon   hellur river
chillin in the mtns with becks and <propfemale> til i gotta go to work
tougher then a lion aint no need in tryin
lovin my getaway exactly what i needed not excited about goin back to work though  
to the gym and off to see some friends
off to work $2 <propfemale> day come and see me  but remember to tip well  wink 
off today and tomorrow time to be productive
mellow mushroom con mi amiga and her bambina
gettin my fro conquered   it's time for a trim and a lil color
alright well i tried   
off to the river with my homies
sheesh what a month so far i've gotten some good news and some bad don't know what to think about some of these things but god will make a way
this is why i'm cold   
"bbq, roll a few, and throw up the deuce and if theres beef put the peace down and throw up your dukes  it's time to change our ways so we can save the day"
got shit on by a bird yesterday while layin out in the sun been a lil gunshy every time one goes by damn rats of the sky
happy fathers day to my daddy &hearts; u dad  and to all my homies with bebes of their own hope ya'll have a great fathers day
to the river &hearts;
"had a blast at the river but had a \graceful\"" moment or 5 hehe  my bum is pretty sore right now but thank you to my dear friends who decided to laugh rather then help me up very sweet guys"""
slowly headed fora breakdown   
just gotta follow up call from the po po ab a robbery i witnessed a cpl months ago  the first part of the convo was kinda funny i thought it was some of my friends playin a joke haha awkward   
goin to an arts and wine fest downtown and then to hear <propmale> <propfemale> play at the alibi @ 7 smile 0
birds the word
goin to see my mtn loves   
&hearts; my homies
whatchin turkey babies hatch about to go kyaking  laugh 
jeez i forgot how much i've missed these kids  
missin bullets  
"damn thirsty thursday  i had a contact fall out while driving when i had no solution or any glasses, and my eyesight is terrible so i just drove home from hky with one eye closed, i half way broke my phone, lost my ciggs, and twisted my ankle  but it was a pretty fun night haha"
just gonna stand there and watch me burn? thats alright because i like the way it hurts   just gonna stand there and hear me cry? well thats alright because i love the way you lie    
f u creepy pop up adds on the right side of my home <propfemale>
stupid sluberina has my phone til i can get it from him so   
"what a night  got drunk and was tryin to babysit other drunkards, lost my phone again, lost my shoes, got cussed out by everybodys hubbys and woke up with a mysterious gash across my foot that may or may not have glass in it   "
"my foot hurts, lost my last pair of contacts and broke my glasses, but i found my phone  "
"is tryin to organize a field, bonfire, slip n slide, cookout, campout party  "
thank you lovies for the birthday wishes &hearts; ya'll
ahhhhhhhh
hate cleaning
187    i &hearts; your face i appreciate you bein there you rock even though we've always been pretty good at gettin in trouble i know your a good kid and a good dad keep it real pimpin and stay in touch
<propfemale>!!!! i know him! i know him!!
jeez ready to start off a fresh year
has had a headache since christmas and can't get rid of it what to do?
im a skully wagg
haha don't leave your profile open ever!!!!!!
i think my honda was made for the snow!
<propfemale> for my thoughts?  oh no i sell em for a dollar
"'for god loved the world so much that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not die but have eternal life ' <propfirst> 3:16"
bad week   time to go cheer myself up
status   heartbroken and in desperate need of a big hug  
"you don't know me and you don't even care\you don't know me and you don't wear my chains"
had a lot of fun yellin green and yellow at everyone last night even though a few distressed steeler fans looked like they wanted to beat me hahaha  
jeez   really?
i don't like the new fb pic thing  
still feel like crap! ugh  
haven't gotten sick all winter and then gotta stomach flu then scratch throat and an ear ache within a week what are the odds of that one?
"stupid \smart\"" phone!!! it just up and decided to erase all the contacts in my phone so sorry lovies if you haven't heard from me no <propfirst> but send me your <propfirst> so i can slowly but surely put them back into my phone!  &hearts;"""
