b47c4758a287749439a74dc990243404
"watching smallville right now, but fixing to go to bed   i have to get up at 5 surprise 0 to leave for alabama at 6 "
is going to see transformers at midnight!
"the hallfords should be here any time now, about a hour (give or take 30 mins )"
i just got a call from ms hallford and she said they just passed heart of florida hospital! they finally made it!
is going to the airport to pick <propfirst> up in a couple of hours 
is getting ready to watch the penultimate episode of dollhouse tonight! sad to see it end   sad 
well    thats another usb drive i've lost 
just landed an interview at disney next week! wish me luck!
"well, my brand new 27\ imac came today when i was in class    they sent it back because no one was at the house to sign for it  sad   now i have to go to lake wales later today to pick it up """
"it's 2:27 am, i have a project in my computer class due at 8 am and a math test at 12, and i cant sleep   "
"i would e playful ress my feelings towards lake wales veterinary hospital, but i would have to use profanity, so i refrain "
"i just saw the movie timer, and it was amazing!"
xanthophobia: the fear of yellow things    just thought i'd through that out there 
"why does abc want to do a reboot of alias? this is clearly a bad idea for many reasons  no <propfemale> garner + no rambaldi = not alias, thats for sure! plus the fact it has only been less than half a decade since it has been off the air "
"church tomorrow, then off to alabama for a week  bye everyone in florida!"
"i will never, ever, stay in another hotel room with my mother ever again "
"ears poping, time changing  must be in alabam "
finally made it to the cabin! i'm just glad to be off 75 
"well, the one place in fort payne i know with internet is currently having wifi problems    fun"
"if i see any more bugs, lizzards, or spiders in this place i'm gunna pull my hair out  scorpians however, i'm coming home "
coming home tomorrow  too bad i didn't get to see everyone i wanted to   
on the way home! just passed atlanta  we are going to try to go all the way through and not stop    we'll see how that goes 
hello haines city!
"apparently, the time on my status updates have been a bit wonky, so disregard the timeline "
going to pick up <propmale> maiden and <propfemale> maiden at the airport    fun fun fun
red lobster has taken my favorate thing off the menu       sad 
we just arived at the hospital 
the drugs they gave her are starting to kick in  lol
"mom is just now leaving the hospital  every thing went fine yesterday, but i'm sure she is ready to be home "
at ormc again  thank goodness for starbucks! lol
they finally took her in    about time  now we can get some lunch!
"<propfemale>, da, and i just went back to see her and the doctor said they woud start in about 10 <propfemale> "
"okay, i just had a red bull so i'm a little jumpy!"
the doctor said everything went great and she is now in recovery  we are just waiting for her to wake up 
mom is home now (uncomfortably)  but everything went well today  lets hope everything stays well 
sitting in catherines        yawn
"wow, the textbook for my 'communications & the mass media' class has a whole thing on <propfemale> the vampire slayer! i think i love this class!"
is sitting in a waiting room at toyota so my mom's car can have an oil change  i think i'm going to be here a bit longer than i thought   
uhh    i don't thimk this movie will ever end!
"computers are like air conditioners, they stop working properly if you open windows "
the power is out at polk!
well    psc has power again  i guess i have to go to my night class 
"bad day  started bad, stayed that way "
ahhh! i hate raido 
i just got one of the last three spots in digital photography 2!
at best buy & the line is out the door 
they just pulled me over at mcdonnald's with no one behind me  very strange 
"i have some quick questions that i need answered for my media class  answers dont have to be long, just a few words  thanks!\\girls\do print ads effect how you view your body?\how many women do you know that look like women in ads?\have you ever seen any women who look like you in ads?\guys\what body type to you find attractive?\do you find women in ads attractive?\do women in ads look like women you know personally?"
these people in st  <propmale> sure love to use there horns 
<propfemale> christmas!
i have only had my ipod touch for about 24 hours and i am already addicted to angry birds 
"mom and i are about to land in <propfirst>!  hallfords, get ready!"
new number: (863) 438-1474
whiskers is lying on top of the dvr yet again  is this going to be a problem?
guess who just got accepted to usf st  petersburg?
"mom is back home after her final surgery, which went great by the way   she said that this is noting compared to the previous one "
beat part of the superbowl? caption <propfemale>!
memento vivere
"that’ll put marzipan in your pie plate, bingo!"
could any please e playful lain the appeal of watching <propmale> men whom you've never met put an orange ball through a net?  thank you 
late!
