b6ae2e501eee198d6412c41629fd397f
is moving
forgot  he got distracted by legal stuff 
i finally sat down to watch repo: the genetic opera  it was awesome!
perhaps today is the first day of the rest of my life 
i will make it a point to actually watch tv tomorrow 
no work today just metroid
is sober again yay!!!
i smell tacos
i want pumpkin bread 
god should release a new edition of the bible in wiki format 
i feel like i forgot something
i miss wow and cod  sad 
just hangin out with my old <propmale> seagram's
is enjoying the best durty martini he's ever mixed
i wanna play paintball so bad! t t
<propmale> hasnt forgotten where he's from  who dat!
i just saw colonel sanders in the stands at the superdome!
is listening to a goofy movie
mmm beer and hot fries yay
marrero sux!!!
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, whether we speak often or not, post a comment of your first memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you "
i know someone just had a birthday but i'm not sure who
i'm not sure what day today is 
i finally took the time to listen to k'naan's troubadour and i love it!
i'm tired but don't wanna miss the falcons get stomped 
wine and a movie sounds like a good way to end the night
ok my lil sis just asked me why her <propfemale> was sizzling
geaux saints all the way saints geaux all the way!
this calls for a celebratory <propfemale>! who wants one?
listening to <propmale> do reggae covers of led zeppelin even though i have to be at work at 6 in the am
i want a hurricane whodat tshirt
damn! damn!! damn!!! i tip my hat to <propfirst> but only after screamming at the hat wringing it and stomping on it  it was nice while it lasted  some one hold me  t t
"give a man a fire, keep him warm for a day  set a man on fire, keep him warm for the rest of his life  happy holidaze peeples "
just played left 4 dead 2 demo and i love it
man deez dudes shooting fa real wtf
decided to renew xbox live to play  black ops
finally watched gran torino and that <propmale> eastwood is one filmmaking sonavabitch
i'm starting to feel left out
did anyone else see a facemask foul on that last sack?
why does december of last year seem farther in the past than september of last year?
playin left 4 dead2 all day hells yea
yea i have internet again!!!!!!!
just got in from the zulu extraveganza
not in the clear yet but at least i feel a bit better
san <propmale> clearly does not want to win this game 
sometimes silence can be loud and excruciating
i think i want to get married  does anyone need a green card or something?
my mind feels like a prison
shaleem dont like it
colorless green ideas sleep furiously 
elfin lied is showing at ninjavideo net  watch that shit
i feel like i missed a few birthdays
gone to mississipi
my investments made 162 in 2009
yay
fuckin facebook > sad 
i dont wanna wash my hair today
does anyone know of a nursing school where i can get a b n ?
"we won, we won, we shot the bb gun!"
i just found out i wont get to turn 24 this year
curiosity didnt kill the cat as much as give it heartburn
does anyone else find it strange that <propmale>'s station on pandora radio plays mostly <propfirst> and <propfemale> <propmale>?
after 12 hours of sleep tibeau hungry! tibeau hungry aaagghhh!!!
tryna find the strength to walk away  heaven help me
i´ll never fall in love 
"my status needed clarfication  i meant what i said when i said i'll never fall in love  i may, however, stumble from time to time  don't fall in love, stand in love  thank you mr marley "
tired of stubble  i want my beard back
"stop changing your names fb fam, pls so i dont eed to update my phone contacts"
"modern warfare 2 now! lets go dancingdread, hit me up"
stupid lag you disgust me
q: what happens when you stop being the player?  a: you become the played 
i should have read my horoscope earlier
"nerves bad  need real, old fashioned, uninterrupted, non-pill-assisted sleep "
facebook is the old new myspace
the shadow man done laid po <propfirst> lo
i shoulda ordered the soup
fiancée?! nooo!!!
"cake, i don't too much care for your sound but i feel what you're saying "
damn
"sigh   times like this i only know how to do two things, (1)grab a beer and (2)grab a guitar  guess i´ll do both "
i now know for certain that i want to get married and raise a family    of monkeys!!!
cloud f-ing nine
damn reality just set in
my heart is beating all wrong inside my chest
"cold beer and cold pizza, the breakfast of champions "
i am sooooo tired  i wish i could sleep
staring at the ceiling since 4  may as well check fb
<propfemale>'s a bitch but catharsis is    well    cathartic i guess?
i'm done
you wouldn't like me when i'm angry 
release feels good but bittersweet
i could use a pick me up
i do not have grey hairs dammit!!!
got some strawberries fresh off the bush  yay for farmer tbo!
happy birthday to all you may babies out there  live it up!!!
its my birthday so everyone do me a favor and get so wasted that you drink yourself sober
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  i wish you all the best 
my mind stuck in replay
no one open the video of candid ass or whatever i did not post that
"had a good night, so goodnight"
life sucks right now but thats okay becuz it used to suck more
why wont fb let me change my name to <propmale> loblah?
you a steamin hot shitty mess
wtf?!
just picked up ufc 2010  been waiting a minute for this one
"jeez i am tired of fake post, invites and messages! please take your viruses and worms and scams to myspace where they cant hurt anyone"
just realized that i lost weight and not in a good way
almost got bit by a snake
enjoying some cheech & <propfirst>
why do you assume i care? go away please 
damn squash vine borers destroyed my crops
why does the world hate me?!
stuck in hell aka the dmv
why do people only call me while i'm at work or seriously busy?
bored  i think i might catch a late movie by myself since no one else wants to do anything   sad 
oh no! my poor white polos
i have such horrible gas right now
why do these people assume i'm as slow as they are?
this is not going well
these people need to stop playing with me seriously
huzzah!
ugh
"feeling mighty shitty; today's not my day  i guess it's like that orphan <propfemale> bitch says, \the sun will come tomorrow \"""""
best chili i ever had
ready to go
enjoying a tasty wish sandwich
i wish my brain had an eject button
chili + hefeweizen =  smile 
i think i ate too much
i just realized that the only times i ever hurt myself with ridiculous antics when i'm sober
fuck it i'm tired of trying to sell a glass of water to a fire
-tehehe nessa here hackin dha brotha fb ! iwud say ilove u but then id be lyin <propfemale> ily  love  !
>:-0
watching <propmale> potter movies for the first time
i've had nothing but oreos to eat all day
is it football season yet?  sad 
i want to get a dog but i dont want to smell one  does anyone make human scented dogs?
i forgot what i was supposed to be doing
finally uploaded those pics of the kids
i wanted to hit the club tonight but i realized i forgot to get my hair did  i should just cut this shit 
"i just cant seem to learn my lesson  smh i'll catch on sooner or later, hopefully sooner though  this is gettin old"
"the night ended pretty early but still came 5 clicks short of being mind-blowingly awesome; which, in case youre wondering, is pretty damn awesome"
staring a life upgrade in the face right now  cross your fingers for me!
just finishe dwatching will shatners roast
sitting under the dryer til it is time to leave for work
bored at work again
good god almighty i hate this phone!!!!!!!!!!!!
don't push me cuz i'm close to the eeedge
omw to see inception
i just watched a documentary about the zombie rights movement
wow why am i thinking about this shit? if anyone needs me i'm retreating to my happy place assuming it still exists
i lost 75 dollars last quarter yay
yay! weeds is back!!! wtf <propfirst>?!
tried to watch dinner for schmucks  i am glad i didn't pay money because i didn't bother waiting till halfway through to walk out on that pos 
sometimes things get weird in my head
i need scripts!
"i have so much to say it would take me days to get it all out  all this time so many emotions conflicting but it seems anger is winning now  sleep is not a given  mental peace is a luxury  a full, empty stomach is a contradiction  contradiction is my reality "
i give up  i've been lying in bed awake long enough i might as well do something
"ok fb i bet you i get a good night's sleep tonight  i win, i get rest  i lose, i get a bottle of <propfemale> and try again tomorrow night  [cue rimshot]"
just started my laundry and found money in three pairs of pants
yay! my new droid x came today
i've been asleep for 10 hours and i feel so wonderfully groggy
who dat! let's see how these boys do tonight
damn  my weight is down to 134 even
i am sooo proud of myself
"been setting up my website all night long, but i feel like i didn't get anywhere"
"home now, gotta take a shower"
"i want to, i really do  i just keep coming up with reasons not to do it "
"if things go the way i think they will, i'm about to lose a small piece of my soul"
does anyone remember <propmale> wehadababyitsaboy
intelligence is a burden  ignorance is bliss 
"first dentist, then school board, then audition"
had a good audition  now i'm on magazine st looking for something to eat
some brownies or oreos would be awesome right now
hmm right back to square one
sometimes i just wanna chop myself up and send out my body parts as gifts
i've been writing for hours  my hands ache and they're shaking  i hope this works 
got some halfway decent rest  now i just wish my heart would stop pounding so hard in my chest 
guess who has an appetite today! i'm starting to really feel better 
woob woob woob woob nyuk nyuk nyuk!
why when we are depressed do we listen to sad music that depresses us more?
"just got home from the doctor, wanted to drop off this application but not enough time"
just sold three games and picked up mass effect 2
caramel marshmallows and cupcake pebbles cereal make a much better rice krispie treat
"sometimes i wish i was more flexible just so i could kick myself in the face  on an unrelated note, damn you nsu "
just once i'd like to come home to an empty house
my face is cold  someone should invent something to keep your <propfemale> warm  you could call it a jaw jacket  i miss my beard already
"in an effort to regain some of the weight i lost, i decided to start eating pork again"
just got home from a long day at work  xbox time!
cancer tastes so good
don’t know why this dude had to start with that bullshit
covered in sweat and concrete  i'll sleep good tonight
just got home and i'm sooooo dirty   there's concrete mix in places i really don’t want concrete mix in
i am soooo tired of <propfemale>   omg!!!
who dat
"some people are actually crazy, others are attention whores, and the rest are just stupid"
"i just got of the dentist's office after falling asleep in the dentist's chair for a good hour  the nap was good but who does that, seriously?"
"it is official, i will be graduating from college this december  yay!"
fake ass motherfuckers are cancerous tumors and are deserving only of being excised and irradiated 
a fortune cookie told me not to underestimate myself; my social skills are needed today  so who needs me? surely the wise and all-knowing cookie could not be wrong 
making fun  of the fantasia movie with my lil sis
i need new music
i finished reconstructing my résumé now i just need to get some new stuff to put in it
abita is hiring brewer trainees! guess who i'm sendin a résumé to!
just finished watching zeitgeist
i'm just not sure how to approach this  sigh  what do i do?!?!
don’t know what to do about school so i'm catching up on how i met your mother
some people have brown eyes and brown skin because their ancestors were from africa  other people have brown eyes and brown skin because they're that full of shit 
first td of the season baby!!!
"please\ put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone)\ who suffers from stupidity  stupidity is a real condition and should \betaken seriously  you could be sitting next to a sufferer right now  \there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  \93% won't copy and paste this       because they     well they don't know how to copy and paste  will you?"
watching calgary whip up on edmonton  who knew the nfl network showed cfl games
wine and a movie anyone?
i think i might be retarded
i just knew vick would take the game into overtime
yay!!! <propfirst> lost!!! suck balls cowboys fans!
the sun is going away so i'll fire up the grill
"dear god, <propfemale>, easter <propfemale>, <propmale> <propmale>, etc \\ my life has become boring  please rescue me from the tedium  send me on an awesome adventure where i will have lots of fun and meet new people and see new places \\amen,\tibeau-beaux"
i feel like singing
i miss you
i just straight man-handled the chiefs on madden  garbage ass mofos
i would love some beer
i'm now fairly certain that i have completely lost my mind 
"ok fb fam before you go to bed or work or the club or the grave, i have a question for you to ponder  if i were to achieve world domination tomorrow, how do you see yourself fitting into my new new world order?"
just got started on season 4 of how i met your mother
lmao@ <propfirst> favre
"the niners can't beat the saints, they can hardly beat their meat much less the world champs"
you gotta admit san <propfemale> has a nice setup
<propfirst> rice looking like a black mr clean lol  that was my dog back in da day
down to the wire!!!
"good game san <propfirst>, very good game!"
watching bears@  cowboys
i hate cleaning up  i can never find stuff afterwards!
from the <propmale> itself comes the handle for the axe 
today i broke a sweat pumping gasoline  that usually doesn't
picked up rock band today
"pleaseput this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed onalderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand the the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic    empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
oatmeal and coffee  no beer for breakfast today
"dammit tibeau measure twice and cut once, not eyeball once and cut fourteen times  this is caberet all over again"
want cake
why this dude subbed a kicker for a qb
bacon flavored pudding would surprise me too
sloppy
i wish my life was exciting
seppeko
dolphins?! i never noticed dolphins!
mmm beer
apparently it is now time to start wearing jackets
i guess i'm just book smart and life stupid 
from now on i'll never goto the casino again without a zipper pull in my shoe
i dont know who took my phone charger but thats really not cool
"looking good, looking reeaaally good!"
i've got to learn to not put all my eggs in one basket
"ha ha, i'm still in the game!!!"
so the paperwork is all done  it's official! i start my shiny new job bright and early monday morning! woot!!!
i had a clever way of saying that today was damn near perfect but i'm tired and i forgot it 
"i'm freezing, sweating, tired and awake "
up since six and the day is dragging onward
when will it be over?!   sad 
just finished watching my first ufl game and it was a doozy
this saints team got me believing they can win  they better not let me down!
i finally know what christmas tastes like 
san <propfirst> bans happy meals?!?!
scientists have finally invented holograms!
<propfirst> bock is dead 
my niece just called me and told me hello!!!
i got murder on my mind 
i need a new profile pic
those philly boys clownin! i knew they'd win!
i am now bored with this game 
<propfirst> is on fire!
i'm about to curl up in front my tv and sip on my bottle
i cooked!
chardonnay was the right choice
"today i do the first half of the before-and-after fit test for my new workout routine  then, i get my hair did, then work "
i take some time to check facebook and refill my beer and all of a sudden hines <propmale> is hobbling off the field!  wtf? gotta love chimay blue though  <propfemale> <propfirst> you really missed out on this one idk if you got my text 
what is going on at fedexfield?! i don't know what they put in the eagles' gatorade but i want some
i feel liberated! weightless! relieved! this chapter of my life is over! praise jah! now it's time for a beautiful new beginning! who's coming with me?!
i feel like a modern-day lot  if i look back will i turn into a pillar of salt?
today was my first day with p90x and it was a simple workout but by no means easy! next week i'll have money to eat properly then look out!! i can't wait for plyometrics tomorrow
gn fb
yoga today
this game is crazy!!!! go eagles!
good morning fb! any good news for me today?
i hate the holidays
p90x got me smelling fabulous
" sad  i just lost my phone t t\\oh beloved droidx you will be missed  r i p \\if anyone needs me i'll be hanging from the nearest ceiling fan "
ok i have an interim phone until my new droidx comes in  it just happens to be my old original droid!
well i'm back to being phoneless  sad 
"yesterday was a much needed day of rest, but now it's time to get to work  week two begins now!"
i got a bottle of wine and no one to share it with
reunited and it feels so good!
this game is off to a good start  way to go will!!!
come on fellas
now i'm home and bored
shopping for a new stove
where did our time go?
you can still poke people on facebook!?
"hey baby  am i crazy, or was you givin me the eye? you say maybe? well you crazy, cuz you know i'm too fly  already know i'm too fly"
there is a reason you can put passwords on your phone  lock your phone people 
"i am f-ed up beyond repair i gotta be the stupidest person in the whole world  i was presented with the one thing i really wanted, it was mine for the taking  i just let it go  can't sleep "
"im tired  no time to workout, straight to work   sad "
"today was a day and that's all i can say  good night, i have to be up earlier than usual "
i'm cold and wet  sad 
yoga now
"i got really ambitious with the asanas last night, could barely stand up this morning "
i need a drinking <propmale> tonight  any takers?
i ain't gotta do nothing cept stay black and die!
i knew they wouldnt let me down! who dat!!!
the bucs look ridiculous!
shoulda went 2 nv to party wit nene washington but fuck it i got work in da morning  good night facebook
i just had chestnuts for the first time 
"apparently two 6-year olds and a 3 year-old broke into a house in covington and stole a board game, some money,  and cigarettes   wtf?!"
my new phone number is (530) 918-tbo3 give me a call
does anyone have an og moto droid i could borrow for a few minutes?
i wanna play the <propfirst> game send me some <propfirst>
#34456 where you at? i ain't seen you since <propmale> was in diapers!
#80737777722217806 u retard
#1 i could write a whole book about you but you'd prolly only read the cover
#123 too sexy for your own good  i shoulda holla'd when i had the <propmale>
#facebook you makin me mad!!!
had a great day with family
cha-ching!!!
mmm chai!
toothpaste is?
tell me why i turned my wipers on and the one on the drivers side flew off
having a drink without you
never put off until later what you can avoid doing altogether 
i get off an hour early to go to a christmas party  i love being a city employee 
i need a catch phrase
omg i don't have wine for tomorrow
i  love  the walking dead! soul wrenching television right there!
who's gonna help me sneak into the dirty birds' locker room next week and spike the gatorade with x-lax?
sometimes it gets to be overwhelming and whatever the opposite of fun is
damn you pesky rain clouds!!! grrr!
"i try not to do stupid shit, but sometimes i just can't stop myself  sigh "
i discovered <propmale> fresco today
done with the long work day  mostly done with prep for tomorrow  now for most of a night's sleep  i neglected a lot of people today but i'll get to them tomorrow
i found a rindless brie at walmart yesterday  it happens to go great on a bagel
 sad   t t whyyyyyyyyyyyy!?!?
i just fell asleep tryna text sombody  guess that means goodnight
watching hitch  if only real life were that simple
its monday night and im in the mood for football
quick and easy dentist visit
never really listened to that <propfemale> song til today
"if i go outside i'm fine, but inside i need a jacket? wth"
i have nothing to do til 5
clos du bois pinot noir  this works for now 
i think we hurt his feelings
"if i ever write a children's book i want it to begin, \there was once a girl named random wendy \"""""
"i don’t burp and i don’t fart  i do, however, belch and fot"
stupid paypal
what do you do when you find out that someone close to you is faker than <propfemale> <propmale>'s tits
"let the music play, down at fraggle rock!"
i just managed to waste all my breakfast time playing with my feet
this dj sucks balls ass and pickled pig lips
"english is a cool language, more americans should learn to use it "
"it's official, the new orleans saints are no longer the reigning nfl champions"
my left thumb is itching like crazy
sigh
i just noticed that my shirt has been inside out all day
just got home from seeing the color purple  i loved it! shout out to <propfirst> jones jr  you looked good out there man!
"i looked and smelled too good to be calling it a night this early, but fugg it i gotta work  stupid responsibility  i shoulda stayed a toys r us kid"
i'm ready for my audition now
i shouldn't have eaten that danish
i  love  cake!
i'm ready to dance!
the cat's high!
sometimes rejection feels good
question: how many best friends have you had over the course of your life?
what’s your drink of choice?
this dude is sooo slooooww!!!
this girl can't let us leave at least one store without spending hundreds?! good thing i'm ballin!!!! ahahaha!!!
woke up an hour ago  sleep just ain't working 
beep boop
all i'm missing is polo boxers
"i hate when ppl don’t respect the speed limit  the sign says 60 that means you should be doing around 70, 65 at least but not 40!!!!"
the cat's trying to lick her ads but can't reach lol fat bitch ahahaha
"just got home from playing tennis  i haven't played in two years, but i still got it!"
nice day for a picnic
i havent spent an entire evening at home since wednesday of last week  i'm so bored right now someone save me 
at what point in his life do think <propmale> richards discovered he could give himself a bj?
"<propmale> <propmale> doesn't call in sick for the flu, the flu calls in sick for <propmale> <propmale>!"
went to see pato banton last night   i got home really early but i still slept really late wth?
stuck on the e playful ressway  yay mardi gras!!! > sad 
stupid cat had her babies while i wasn't here   sad 
today is looking like it will be excruciatingly long
i need a more challenging tennis partner 
i want everybody to take a moment to forget what they don't? have in their lives and appreciate who they do have  why not change your picture to someone in your life you would like to recognize  pick one person involved in your life that you are truly thankful for and let their photo or a photo pertaining to them represent you for the rest of the week  repost this and encourage your friends to do the same 
old white dude keep calling me <propfirst> he gonna find my foot up his ass!
i just fell asleep in my driveway   sad 
"beer for dinner, mead for dessert "
"i think i wanna party extra hard this weekend  hit me up cuz chances are, i wanna get drunk with ya"
i can't decide how i want to style my whiskers
how do you think i'd look with a beard but no mustache?
at st <propfirst> and toledano
"some pivotal scenes fell a bit flat as far as the acting goes, amongst other things  overall, though i thoroughly enjoyed battle: la  i wanna play cod now lol"
spent time with the fam to celebrate bahir abdul-aleem and zahir bday
the apex2 is the most inaccurate barrel ive ever used  granted the balls i used were cheap and shaped like pills instead of spheres but still
her son swear im there to see him lol
beer festival this weekend!
"today i dont feel like doing anything  i'm jus gonna lay in my bed  dont feel like picking up my phone, so leave a message at the tone  today i dont feel like doing anything, nothing at all"
time 4 black ops
slow day at the paintball field  waiting on my bison burger now 
"listen to jesus <propfirst>, all the cherubs say you gotta!"
"i have a motto now! \pride in honor\"""""
"good day today  i got a lot accomplished with surprising little money  thanks, <propmale> chambers, for losing that bet  i didnt wanna grab cash :-]"
i can't wait to get off
who on facebook knows how to speak swahili
"the garden is mostly done, just need more dirt for the pumpkin  now i get to waste energy on landscaping "
i hope i get it!
today my name is <propmale> <propfirst> 
finally went to pinkberry and tried the lychee  it was actually really good 
1 down 2 to go  i wish this was a permanent gig
