51854be2a00e705f7104e2bcfd2ed45d
happy new years!!
"\tell me it's all right just for one night show you how to feel like what it feels like to be hugged to be kissed be thought of and to be missed i can be that part of you let me be that part of you\"" \",51854be2a00e705f7104e2bcfd2ed45d,just got off work and sitting outside shivering
happy mother's day to all those wonderful moms out there!
is loving life right now!  smile  everything is perfect
wonders why nothing ever goes right? one amazing thing happened and my day was wonderful then something terribly crappy happens and makes things bad again  this is the story of my freaking life!! > sad  *really pissed offf*
"is getting a new phone! yay, not a touch screen but good enough"
           this has been the worst night ever       i was so happy and then i had it ripped out from underneath me violently  my heart is shattered  i freaking hate my life!!
is hoping today will be better    
is never going through this again
baby shower day!  smile  everything looks wonderful  great job mom on the decorating!
woops  lol
goodnight! so tired from work ready for bed but not ready for tommorow
this year has been the biggest headache    i'm so ready for it to be over    
lots of chocolate makes everything better      
hates all the drama! hates the fighting and arguing! so embarassed and done with this crap  im tired of getting pushed around by everyone! no one respects me or takes me seriously  why do i feel like everyones out to get me? i just want things to be ok again  i want to grab the reset button and start over with my life 
oh i cant wait for sunday 
is determined to have a good day today
wants to bring her ds and play pkm in band but all mine are so low level id get creamed      sad  how depressing
ugh   feels really sick 
going to work  i had a better day today for sure   smile 
wow  another year gone   congrats seniors!! and hello to being a <propmale>! i think next year is going to be amazing and fantabulous   smile  good night everyone
feels good to be off of work and watching monk in my t-shirt 3 sizes to big  lol   smile  good day 
had so much fun today and got some really cute stuff   wink  my life is goin great
 smile  good day! hopefully  love 
"what kind of world do we live in\where love is divided by hate\losing control of our feelings\we all must be dreaming this life away\in a world so cold -world so cold by 12 stones  love "
pretty bored right now and getting kind of anxious
so good to be home    guard practice till seven killed me  sad  had somewhat fun! lol
 love 
 crying  cant feel three of my toes and both feet are extremely swollen not to mention the whelps covering my feet    grr
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
"got my permit! watch out guys, new driver "
woke up to a beautiful sky filled with black clouds   playful  soon after it started pouring and lightning-ing
yum lunch
wow what a hairday
summer symposium has been the best week of my summer   smile 
blegh  playful 
just got off work      ugh
color guard car wash today! at the intersection of reynolds rd and highway five in the penfield realty parking lot  come support the color guard
why does everyone have someone precious to them    watching eclipse was a little depressing because of all the love
rawr
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vopzp-mwcli
 wink  today was good
drove on the interstate!  laugh  one step towards my license
wowww    all the adults in my life have a facebook  except for my parents
i hate when your parents tell you what to do    oh yeah right that's their job   playful  blegh
haha! i'm getting a super hot tan this summer!
o o well that was interesting  and fun!!
"we are now the knights that say     \ekki-ekki-ekki-ekki-ptang  zoom-boing  z'nourrwringmm  gotta love that movie   smile """
anyone in band is the time for today 9 o clock??
rawr! facebook won't stop tagging people twice in my note
ah    i've been infected with the band tan      smile  (and glove tan)
it's so frustrating when your parents don't agree with your choices    
"today didn't go as planned, but it was the most fun and random day ever   love "
ah! just woke up  great game last night and i'm very proud of the legacy's performance  what a great way to start the season   smile 
totally uninspired     
stupid bus      broke down    rawr!!!
worst day ever 
should have eaten lunch    
is pretty worried   
<propfirst> pilgrim rules  nugh said
got home last night to find that the air conditioner is out  yay 
sickness    
not dressing up on good vs  evil day  not really interested anymore
hopes today will be a fun day   smile 
80's!!
does anyone have a black wristband  maybe with spikes    and or one of those long fingerless gloves that goes up to your elbow??? need it for today
nooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally home   smile  what a wonderful trip
i like it on my desk
is so happy to see in a relationship with <propfirst> <propfirst> everytime i log in  you make my day and i love you   smile  (i hope you read this!!!)
thumb hurts worse than ever
practicing makeup   the usual stuff 
achoo!
     doesn't even know what to say    
doesnt want to march today 
what a long day  school was actually my favorite part   smile 
really needs math tutoring     i've never made a c in my whole life 
has fallen in love with paramore
anyone on color guard tell me what we are supposed to wear and do today   sad  i guess i wasnt totally there if it was e playful lained
hope it doesnt rain all day long 
wow  things happen so quickly  one minute you are totally sure of things and then you just dont know anymore
yawwwwwwn   smile 
hates getting sick    
worst night ever   
so stressed out right now 
band pictures? can anyone remind me
crossing her fingers   smile 
is really really dissapointed  im sorry <propfirst>
so so super excited about today!!
l love wonderful boyfriend and my new hair   smile 
drove for the first time in a while since my wreck
is groundec over thanksgiving for math grades  but i don't take another test till next tuesday! no way to earn getting ungrounded  im just stuck  this really bums me out  i have an 82 in the class and im still grounded  its never good enough   
this day gets worse and worse
basketball!
took my first practice act and made a 28   smile  pretty happy about that
they lied when they said chocolate makes everything better    it makes you fatter and doesn't take any of the pain away 
<propfemale> townsend 12-11-2010   you will be missed by all that know you  and i loved you very much 
<propfemale> christmas! (rockin out to <propfirst> swift!)
woke up to so many birthday wishes  thanks everyone!  smile  today's gonna be great 
i guess my new year's resolution would be simply to drink more water  it's detoxifying and good for you  h2o is good   smile 
 love 's driving   smile 
woot! good dentist checkup today  and my wisdom teeth might have room to grow in  good day 
sigh    this is gonna be akward
needs a girls day out
i hate all region     
hope i did decent! decent enough to make it 
sigh    this day was not very fun
first band 14th chair  woo
so far 2011 has been the worst year   
omg everyone says its snowing! but its not snowing all the way out here come on snow    
need some girl 2 girl advice  <propmale> drama
is feeling totally drained   
why? why am i up so early and wide awake?  playful  time to go back to bed 
brrrr a balmy 15 degrees
has almost slipped several times on the ice today
"nothing can bother me now, sitting here listening to my music and singing along (badly)  smile  finally a good day"
oh darn you snow delays   my package from sephora has yet to get here and its been a week  go away snow
thank you facebook for the memorable stories in the sidebar  reminds what an up and down roller coaster wonderful best time of my life year (2010) this has been  realized i need to focus on the good things that have happened to me this past year and hope for even better this year  so many memories and wonderful times i had forgotten about in all the stress   smile 
it's here!! my much awaited makeup is here! yeeeeeeees
eating pop tarts on the bus   smile  yum
pretty bummed   
famished     
finds myself studying for history a lot  but i know that test is going to jump out at me    i know its coming   
"i adore all the funny faces you make, especially the \wtf!? is wrong with you crazy person\"" face! but the one i like the most is your beautiful smiling face  always smile for me please?"""
thinks someone should text me
is done drawing that picture for the night  time to work on ms <propfirst>'s picture 
"my pain is knowing i can't have you, i can't have you  tell me does she look at you the way i do? try to understand the words you say and the way you move  does she get the same big rush when you go in for a hug and your cheeks brush  tell me am i crazy or is this more than a crush   smile  wonderful song by he is we  \blame it on the rain\"" go listen to it! amazing"""
sigh     
i love all my friends  you guys are the best   smile  i couldn't ask for better people to share my life with  so thank you
avenged sevenfold first thing in the morning  great way to start the day
listening to legend of <propfemale> music is making me want to break out link to the past again 
cannot paint my nails with my left hand   ugh
screamin out <propfirst> swift makes me feel better   smile  cause i see sparks fly whenever you smile! la la la 
my night is so boring     
ewwww sucks at poetry   
is liking listening to slipknot as long as i look at the lyrics while listening 
goodnight friends  everyone sleep well tonight   smile 
the nameless by slipknot  amazing 
today is going to be amazing!! omg! so ready for relaxation
ahhhhhh!!! spa day is done  so relaxed and happy  i feel amazing   smile  what a splendid day
my fortune cookie said: a cynic is only a frustrated optimist 
wonders if i try to hard   
"i'm a million contradictions\sometimes i make no sense\sometimes i'm perfect \sometimes i'm a mess\sometimes i'm not sure who i am"
pounding headache    today has been pretty awful for me  please get better soon    
so everyone has an iphone  i'm jealous
i really can't wait till this year is over
ohh   i'm not good at dealing with this stuff   
wants a hamster when i move out  so fluffy
almost ready for the sims 3  yay!
is suddenly shaking and sweating and super dizzy  is it because of you?  love 
psychosocial   smile   love 
is talking to an amazingly interesting person  smile 
" love 's trying random chocolates from a box and then loving some, and making faces at others  it's always a mystery  happy <propfirst>s day! even though i'm single this is the best <propfirst>'s day i've ever e playful erienced"
what a rainy ending given to a perfect day   now that im sittin here thinking it through ive never been anywhere cold as you
so much homework tonight    
"if it's not like the movies, that's how it should be yeah cinematic and dramatic with a perfect ending   smile "
trying to collect things for the garage sale and my mom won't let me get rid of anything
got my hair cut again!  smile  shooooorty
so today sucked pretty hard     this is awful   playful 
is so embarrased    now i have to go in and fix all the mistakes
blueberry
laaaaame    this stinks 
trying to figure out this new phone   not good with technology
stupid rifle   how dare you break my second toe  it's my favorite  oh well! just walk it off
why practice is important   hmmm    
if you want the rainbow you must put up with the rain
"if happiness had a form what would it look like? it might be something like glass, because one doesn't notice it normally  however, it is actually there  as proof, if you change the <propfemale> you look at it, the glass will reflect light  it will state it's presence and existence more eloquently than any other thing in this world "
it takes more than a good memory to have good memories
it's hopeless     everything is so hopeless 
forcing myself to have a good day  migrain included
so excited for <propfirst>!!
is having an amazing time in <propfirst> with her guard girls! i  love  guard 
"what an amazing weekend is all i can say  so proud of everyone that participated and amazed at what i was capable of  somewhat glad it's over cause man was that ever exhausting   smile  come april, here we go again   love  will def  miss the seniors "
feels sore but working out is really helping to shed those lbs  before prom   smile   2 lbs and counting  (i'm on a fitness kick)
dreams sharing a life and home of never ever being alone again not even diamonds just a little gold someone there to hold her hand when she gets old dreams the kind you know will never end forever lovers and forever friends someone really there to love and care and share dreams  smile 
so anyone know what the <propmale> driving test is like?
trying to get the internet to work properly is a pain
ah no school tommorow  just makes this week go by faster  cant wait for the weekend  laugh 
just finished that history project in my own free time  i'm tempted to take 50% of the credit    and give the rest to <propfemale>  thanks <propfemale> for the info on the chap ! so much for a group project since i did nearly the whole thing by myself
