8905769f2e9905d7da0fb8951be5e9a5
has a desperate urge to take a long road-trip
is almost certain that summer is sick with something   sad  she's been hacking for a day and a half now  <propfirst>'s getting it too  sad 
is watching pride and prejudice  oooohhh   mr  <propfemale>!   smile 
can't wait to go over to <propfemale>'s tonight  summer's excited too!!
"is celebrating her mom's birthday today  happy birthday, mom!"
has 10 days before her three day birthday celebration at <propfirst>'s falls!   smile 
can't wait to get out of her house this coming week-end!!!!
"would rather be eaten alive by squirrels than have to \clean sweep\"" at work anymore  there is no point in dusting every rack in the store when all it does is settle back down in the same place the next day!"""
got a new phone!!
loves that summer snores   it's so cute!
has been awake since 5     sob   sad 
"is leavin'     leavin'   on that midnight train to <propfemale>       not really, but she's going to be gone until monday!!!  smile  four days till her teen years are over!"
is in the most beautiful place ever! and will post pics when she gets back!
loves <propfirst>'s falls and can't wait to go back!!!!! it is the most relaxing place she's been too in quite some time  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! i had a really great day  smile 
is playing a very addictive game   rhythm heaven for the ds     
"thanks god for <propfirst>'s impulsive rad of the panty table    otherwise she and <propfemale> would be starting a fight club in the sears parking lot  and i don't think \i fell down\"" counts in real life      """
"might get her tatoo on friday afternoon, if the guy has an open slot! so excited!!"
is going to take a walk down by the river before she has to go to work at noon 
agreed to go to brunch today with her paternal grandmother  lord help me 
needs some serious hard liquor after spending two hours with g-ma klein!
can't believe her grand-parents want everyone over at noon! 12 plus hours with norwegians    it should be an interresting fourth of july!
fell in love with the wrong guy       again
    don't you know this is all just a contest   the one who wins is the one who hits the hardest    
is going to be cooking all day        she thinks       she may just lay outside all day    smile 
thou shalt not lie about ice cream cake
"feels like a zombie after her sister's grad party yesterday  even when she's recieving money from everyone we know, the girl is still a bitch!"
"thinks it sucks that her work has inventory the week her parents decided to go up north!!   sad  a week of stress, and taking care of a brother and an ungrateful sister is so not what she needs right now"
"work for 5 hours, then chinese food, and burn notice!!!!"
took her dogs on a bike walk for their outing today  it was    interresting     at least i didn't fall!     smile 
is taking her brother to see <propmale> potter at noon  then (crossed fingers) the mall of <propfemale>     smile 
              don't put a <propfemale> down in front of me          
"finally has a day off, and is suffering from allergies big time! i can hardly open my eyes  and to top it all off     there are no more tissue boxes in the house   sad "
"is going to write for a couple of hours, and try to pretend her house isn't 100 degrees     "
"woke up this morning with her dog literally laying on her face  evidentally summer doesn't like storms    etiher that, or she's trying to kill me      hmmmm       "
is really excited that her family is coming up from salt lake city! i haven't seen my uncle <propmale> since his heart attack two years ago 
needs a new memory
"is still tierd after her late night dinner with her extended family, and is really excited about the black and white photos of her great-grandfather that she recieved from her uncle "
has a 6am shift tomorrow  ewwww      
"     i have my toes in the water, butt in the sand  not a worry in the world, a cold beer in my hand, life is good today  life is good today "
cleaned out her room yesterday and found a ton of old photos! some of them are even from 6th grade! lol  shows how often i throw things away  smile 
"when life gives you lemons, make grape juice  then stand back and watch as everyone wonders how the hell you did it "
is so excited that class starts on monday!
's first class is at 10am tomorrow!  smile 
"has to work eight hours today  yuck! i really needed that eight to study, but that's life right?"
really wants this semester to be over now  two weeks in and already not a fan    sad 
is trying really hard to care about her math homework     but is failing      
"thinks ar should invest in some salt bags  when hockey players slip and fall, you know you have an ice problem!"
"is excited to make c-4 cake tonight with <propmale>, in celebration of burn notice returning!!!!"
is not happy with her internet right now  how am i supposed to do my online assignments when half the answer boxes show up? grrrr   
can't wait to watch the game with <propfirst>   smile 
is going to go to class now    lame     
"is pretty sure that even after the end of the world, someone will be doing math homework  it just never freaking ends!!!"
has only three days before she gets to go see macbeth with <propfirst>   smile 
"should take advantage of a canceled class by doing homework, but is on facebook instead "
had a really great weekend    smile 
is on the <propfirst>'s list  just got the letter!      smile 
"needs to borrow someone else's handbook on life, she seems to have lost hers    "
"is ready for burn notice, cookie dough, and other things     "
"not only burned four fingers on her right hand, but cut herself at work today, then burned a finger on her left hand baking cookies      i give up  seriously "
is officially a land's end associate! and it feels fantastic!!!!
is cooking for her grandma's surpirse birthday party today!    smile 
"had a great night with her crazy family, and is now ready to celebrate <propfemale> hanson's 20th birthday tomorrow  happy early birthday, <propfemale>!!!!!!"
"is trying to read the poems assigned for class, but really?! when you're told outright that coleridge was under the influence of opium at the time can you really take his stuff seriously?"
"is excited to go out with <propmale> and ange this saturday, and for rent next saturday! i'm lovin' saturdays!"
"    you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed  sing like a bird, dizzy in my head  spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night    "
finally understands what happy sad means    and it does suck 
"got more than four hours of sleep last night, finally! i thank the presidents for no class today!    smile "
5 days until rent!
wants to kill her math prof  jail time can't be worse than this torture  fml 
what's the first rule of fight club?!
"there must be some kinda way out of here, said the joker to the thief"
who goes to the moa on a thursday? we do!    smile 
"i'd tell you to go to hell, but i work there, and i don't want to see your ugly face every day "
likes random men who give up their bus passes to cute girls who don't know how to work kiosks   smile 
just got back from <propfemale> hanson's basketball game  my friend has amazing skills! going to go see rent in an hour  it's been a great day!   smile 
is a huge fan of rent! it was an amazing night!   smile  will you light my candle?      
soooo   you've seen what i've done to myself in the kitchen right? and you want me to do what with a staple-gun?
"is 90% sure i have a fever, but i don't have time to be sick, so it's just going to have to go away "
is going to skip her night class and <propfemale> out with mr  <propfemale> instead   mmmm   good choice   smile 
"a hot bubble bath, with <propfemale> candles, and french music playing in the background: the cure to all ails   smile "
did you ever stop and think that maybe you always won because i let you?
"has been dreaming about mexico    once summer comes, i'm spending all my spare time at the beach"
fright night tonight  lets see how many movies i can last  my guess is      one 
"i laugh in the face of danger! ha, ha, ha, ha!      as long as that danger's not zombies, ax-throwing chain-saw carrying men, ghosts, blood-baths, snakes    i need a shoulder to hide in, anyone got one to spare?"
lives life on the edge  not only did i have oreos for breakfast but i had them     without milk! take that <propfirst> bond!
went and watched the local boys play hockey in the park  i wish i could find my ice-skates     
needs a punching bag    
"no school, warm <propfemale> day     screw homework, i'm going skating!"
"sugar, and spice, and everything nice    hmmm    would you settle for just spice?"
"it's not about what you have (98% of the time what you have sucks), it's about taking what you have and making it work (98% of the time this also sucks) "
is wishing this coke had some rum in it      
"has no more excuses for writing her paper     but    wait   hold on! usa is tied! oh, god really does want me to write this paper at 3am!"
"it's amazing, you look like a normal person, but really you're the angel of death"
"they say this is the best time of our lives, but i keep looking back to kindergarden: you could color your dog purple and no one would care (just as long as you colored inside the lines), boys were icky, you got to play outside everyday, and your teacher wanted you to take a nap in class  since turning 7, things have sure gone downhill    "
lost a piece of her soul tonight  i never realized just how boring sears was when you are by yourself in one area  i was gonna walk out after 7 
"woke up this morning, looked in the mirror, and immediately knew what rasputin looked like after getting poisoned, shot, run over by a carriage, and thrown into a river  fml "
"forget the roses, send me the thorns    "
"life's journey is not about arriving at the grave safely, in a well preserved body, but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting: \holy shit   what a wild ride!\"""""
"thought confession was supposed to make you feel better  boy, was i a dumb-ass "
"needs a compass, and a willing accomplice    "
"laughed so hard today, i thought i was gonna cry  some people just never learn  stupid, stupid, people "
"class is cancled, thunderstorm woke me up, no work tonight  perfect day, and it's only 9 smile 0 "
"enjoyed dinner with the high school gang, and excited to check out the tatoo place with cae next week  hurray for spring break!     smile "
can't even watch jurassic park without jumping  *sigh*
"screwed up her ankle again at work, stabbed herself with an ink tag, and now has to do math homework    i can't wait for monday!"
"how long does it take a man to finish a basement? seven plus years, evidentally "
"thinks \i pray for you\"" by jaron is just about the best song she's ever heard  i can't stop listening to it """
"got to go outside on my lunch break  took off my shoes, put on my sunglasses, and soaked in the sun for thirty minutes  then, i had to go back into work   sad "
"tattoo at 12, meeting the big bad wolf at 2, picking up grandma at 5, and then, finally, i get to shop for a little <propfemale> who's turning 3 this weekend "
would take a punch in the face over this  i can't wait to get the fuck outta here 
"is reading in the sun  no shoes, tank top, no problems     "
"has a busy day tomorrow  breakfast with mershia, tattoo appointment at 12 smile 0 with cae and <propfemale>, then dinner with <propfemale>  can't wait!!!"
can't stop looking at her tattoo   smile 
"is trying hard not to be jealous of a three-year-old, but damn! i never got a pinata for easter  i didn't even get one for my birthday   "
loves how smoke pouring out of my hood doesn't even bother me anymore  stupid car   
"'s niece did her proud! 1) face planting in cake  2) swiping off cake with your hand, then wiping it off on your white dress  3) playing baseball in the grass, regardless of your yelling grandparents  happy birthday, baby-girl!"
"thinks sears should have an open bar on friends and family night, it would keep the employees from wanting to kill themselves, eachother, and customers     "
"has four new projects to complete in the next month, so she'll be living quite nicely in whatever library is open at the time, and is very excited about it   smile "
it's been a good week so far      yeah        smile 
is still sick   sad 
math and nyquil don't mix  fml 
"is watching the wild game, but dreaming of baseball  i want my twins!"
"spent three hours raking in my bare feet  the yard looks fantastic, and all the gardens are growing things already! what a perfect day "
"though you may have lost one person, you can turn around and find several others who are willing to help you through the pain    "
is watching her boys kick some angel ass  go twins!!!!!    smile 
wonders how the hell a conversation about the <propfemale> question turned into a whole discussion about how the <propfemale> are the most un-lucky humans on the face of the earth  thanks brit lit!
has a new favorite show: supernatural  too bad i fast-forward through the scary parts   
"found her old tent! now all i need is a new fishing <propmale>, and a place to camp for a few days   "
thinks all classes should be held outside until the end of the semester
is sick of being sick
"loves her new <propfemale> flytrap! nothing like feeding spiders to a plant to get your day started off right! love you <propmale>, and the great gift!   smile "
"drinking, playing poker, swearing, and lying   all great things to do on a saturday night, right before you realize your cousin's confirmation is in a few hours   oops "
can't watch avatar without thinking of other things   which really sucks because it's a really good movie   
"when your prof falls asleep during a movie, you know your night class sucks "
is excited for <propfemale> loper's birthday on friday!!!!!    smile 
just found out she's gonna be an auntie again! <propfemale>'s due january 20th! i'm betting it's another girl!   smile 
it's gonna be a good night   smile 
"one more week of school, then it's time to escape!"
parlez-vous francais?
"keep it sassy, ladies!   wink "
fight club wins over papers for finals 
"would love to see a twins game for her birthday  *hint, hint *      smile "
"i knew i was bored in my speech class, but while studying for my final, i found my notebook was filled with more doodles than notes  oops "
"got a \b\"" on her speech final", and had minimal mistakes during her speech   smile \8905769f2e9905d7da0fb8951be5e9a5,"brit lit paper done!! and it rocks, if i do say so myself   wink \last final tomorrow  then sweet freedom!!!!"
's prof was a half hour late for the final  but at least it's over now! sweet freedom!!!
"the grass may not be greener on the other side, but ireland is greener than the u s  true facts "
reading in the sun    smile 
oh  yeah  very original  no one has ever meowed at me before  be mine forever?
sometimes it takes a three-year-old to show you that life is still wonderful (and that giant dandelions near the creek are the best damn things on the planet) 
"dear city,\thanks for the new bike path by target  i don't have to ride on the shoulder anymore!! but we should talk about the other paths, they're shit  please fix!\love, kat"
can't wait to go to the lake tomorrow  i need to find time to relax now that i have full-time hours   
"i got my toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world, a cold beer in my hand  life is good today, life is good today     "
almost put hand soap on my toothbrush this morning  yeah  it's gonna be one of those days   
"thinks you should be able to punch people who go 25 in a 45, then 45 in a 25    "
you can sleep when you're dead
"loves how spaghetti-o's sound really good as a lunch option, until you get to work and then you're like: why the hell didn't i just make a sandwhich?"
"we already work in the pit of despair, must we also slave away in the pit of fire?"
"is unfavorable to dead-beat dads  you have 1 of 4 children left, and you can't even take care of that one? i'm not sorry  you don't deserve respect "
"no matter how low you are, the sunset on the water can give you a high, like nothing else in the world   "
"a 9-hour day to go, and then a whole weekend to relax   smile "
"world cup time again? oh, the memories  too bad i'm not in europe again, it was so much fun to sit in a pub and listen to everyone cheer  go england!!"
"wants it to rain already, so she can dance in it"
"i'm sorry officer, my car just likes to go fast  ask my friends!"
just noticed i'm working seven days in a row     i'm gonna need more coffee 
"has the countdown to a day off, the countdown until i'm 21, the countdown to a dozen different grad parties, and the countdown to the start of school all bouncing around in my head  this is becoming difficult   "
"is going golfing before work, and the sun is out, so it should be a good time!"
walking on a wire       let it ride!
could live off of the <propfemale> garden's breadsticks   
nine days left!!!!    smile 
"when i find out who egged my car, they're gonna be in the hospital for a while  so not amusing!"
going to the salon for some much needed relaxation 
is excited for the concert tonight!!!   smile 
"had a fantastic time last night, rain and all!"
"well, now the twins have to kick some serious ass, cuz our teams have put my heart through hell   sad "
"i'm going back to the place where i first saw you, i'm gonna camp in my sleeping bag, i'm not gonna move   "
"only i could have the worst day ever, then end up at a movie theatre nicer than the guthrie with an upscale bar that served twilight martinis, and bar tenders that need to google how to make a water moccasin shot  i love my life "
"listen: i am a young, unattached woman with a taste for adventure and an intense dislike for cages  so, if i want to disappear for two weeks, i'm gonna do it  and i don't really care what you think "
"doesn't want to go to work tomorrow  i want to finish out my vacation in peace; with more sun, more books, and more whiskey "
ladies night was much needed  even if i did end up being the most sober  next time  next time 
had a wonderful time in <propfirst>'s falls with <propfemale>  gonna see twilight tomorrow  great second vacation   smile 
"given the choice between the dark or the light, i'd take the dark every time  because it is only after seeing the dark, that you can truely appreciate the light "
has to go back to the real world today  i'm still not convinced you guys are worth wearing shoes   
"ugh  i was right  so not worth it! i'm having withdrawl symptoms from lack of sunshine, fresh air, and rum "
so this is the seventh circle of hell  huh  i'm getting out 
that's right! 6 runs baby!!!!!!!!! go twins!
ugh  no more vodka  ever 
"\   and brush your hair  you look like a drunken sailor \""\",8905769f2e9905d7da0fb8951be5e9a5,hanging with my bestie   smile 
what a beautiful day to just chill in a bikini by a pool  now i just gotta find a pool   
"it isn't a party until the priest shows up  or, is it the police? it's one of those, i'm pretty sure   "
might not want to go home after living alone for a week   
is so not ready for school to start in three weeks   
was highly amused to find that the men's department is right next to the dog stuff at target now  lol 
ugh  just signed my payment plan for school  i need a drink 
is teaching a three-year-old tongue twisters  where's a video camera when you need one?!
"firefly, sangrias, fajitas, and friends i haven't seen in a while  great night   smile "
was the only one in the bookstore today! it makes it a little easier dropping 300 on school books when you're not in line for an hour   
"it's a girl!!!! i'm getting another niece!!!   smile \her name's going be <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
"forget <propfemale> for credit apps, hand out little bottles of <propfirst> and i'll get 10 apps a day!"
"dear city,\water is kinda important  so, before you shut off a whole block's water supply, you should really contact them first to make sure that, you know, they have a back-up plan  for brushing their teeth, taking a shower, washing their hands, and making sure their dogs have water  next time, send the notices  because law suits with little thirsty dogs as plaintives tend to be really, really bad for a city "
"oh mr  sandman, bring me a dream    "
is glad the summer's over! time to get back to school!   smile 
"well, that's the good thing about getting up quarter-to-dawn in the morning  you get a great parking spot!"
"needs to volunteer for an environmental cause before november  anyone have an idea of what i can do, or who i can call? i would like to do something more than just clean up a trail or  a stretch of highway   "
"is imagining what one does in a lab for environmental science  i'm hoping it's just a bunch of class trips to the woods, and some hiking every other friday "
"and, on the seventh day in hell, there was fleece, and wool, and sherpa-lined hoodies  and the children cried "
"'s car has died     r i p little purple troublemaker, you kicked ass for as long as you could      sad "
can say with complete confidence that chivalry is not dead   smile 
girl's night tonight!!   smile 
sleeping past 8 is amazing!   smile 
can't wait to go to lab on  friday! and for school in general   smile 
"dear universe,\i can't take much more crap, so start being nice again, please?\thanks "
i blame it on jupiter!
"just got done reading a chapter of \lord of the flies\"" outloud to her brother """
is in love with cat napping on the benches by the science rooms inbetween classes 
"you know you've overdone your run when you can't sneeze, cuz it hurts too much "
"thinks that <propfirst>'s goodbye party was pretty much the best ever! we will miss you <propfirst>!!!\ sad "
"only your best friend can read an anonymous post, then turn to you and say; \you wrote that one\"" """
"oh weather, you are not helping my already high procrastination tendencies!"
"needs to choose between italy and costa rica  i'm thinking italy, but it's e playful ensive   "
"was prepared for snow, but was not prepared for snow"
my new niece will be born in 9 days!!!!    smile 
"1 final down, three to go   smile "
"finals are over! my books for next semester only costed $90  i have great friends who have been such a blessing, and i have five days until my new niece comes! what a great end to a year!   smile "
"had a mountain dew to stay awake at work until close, but now needs to go to sleep and can't    "
"is hanging with jaylynn, waiting for <propfemale> <propfemale> to arrive!   smile "
at 3:28 a little snow angel was born! welcome to the world <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!    smile 
"be a beacon of light in the darkness of day, because someone needs your light   "
"so, my english prof wants three goals i have for her class  here they are: 1) to not stab myself in the face when she spends an entire class period on how to send an email  2) to not stab her in the face when she makes us go over vocab words like \allot\""  3) to not stab my classmate in the face when they ask \""who is <propfemale> reagan?\""     i don't think i'll be reaching these goals """
is spending the next two days with jaylynn blaise and <propfemale> <propfemale>   smile 
"got to see the pretty lights of minneapolis  of course i was trying to get back to coon rapids from brooklyn center, but it's all good!   smile "
two days until florida! super excited!   smile 
"got super burnt in florida, but it was all worth it! made some great friends, had some great conversations, and loved every minute of my time down there!   smile "
"thank you to everyone who gave me encouragement these last couple of weeks, big break was one of the most fulfilling weeks of my life, and i cannot wait to take everything i've learned and use it in everyday life! oh yeah!!   smile "
"to my big break family: please be praying for anoka ramsey this week as the cru here starts their outreach today through next wednesday  be praying for all of us in cru, as well as the students here, that god may be working in their hearts, and to keep all of us calm and faithful  if you want more info on our outreach call me! god is going to be doing some amazing stuff this week!   smile "
"got to lay out in the sun today! sure, it was on my coat on the half-frozen ground, and i was wearing a sweater, but it totally counts!!"
"we win for sharing the truth and hearts get changed  we win if we're rejected because of his name  we win if seeds get planted, and watered to grow, but even if we lost we'd still be fanatical tho!"
