210afc1a64777589f7869f1e0c310ae4
is in her new apartment!  smile 
 love 's the beach  smile 
finally has a bedd!
is super excited that bio 1a is going to be webcasted!!!
just took a three hour nap and is still tired
is bringing the tv tomorrow!  how's the stand coming?
is not going to have sweets for a week starting today
should be studying ):
's grandma got attacked by a skunk and now her whole house stinks
"is homee, one-week summer begins  smile "
hates skunks
just had hot chocolate in the summer
free chocolate fridays! https annoyed  secure realchocolate com countdown aspx
got switched out of night lab! but now she has morning labs   
says thank you to all the birthday wishes  smile 
i like to suck hairy balls
why does it feel like winter already?
has re-sealant stuck in her hair
does not want to study bio1al anymoreee
likes shoes  likes oooze  likes poo  likes you 
thinks <propfemale> is a big fat mango!
is so sleepy but still has so much studying to do ):
does anyone know how to convert word doc to pdf?
is semi-sad that it's raining
doesn't know what to do ):
fell asleep three times while reading her bio <propmale>
wants to go home alreadyyy
is ready for some pumpkin pie
i think <propfemale> is the coolest person ever  smile  and <propfemale> is a doodoo
is tired of working on her paper that she was supposed to finish last night
hates mastering physics and engines
dislikes physics very much    but loves that winter break has begun!!  smile 
"green tea cheesecake, cheesecake, gingerbread cookies, black-bottom cupcakes, peanut-butter chocolate chip oatmeal cookies, madeleines, funfetti cake      i'm way too full"
blue and gold striped
needs someone to go to ucsf with her friday night
"physics, i'm glad you're over"
is declared  smile 
can't believe she's sick ): now of all times!
why is it so cloudy? ):
wants some ice cream
*cough cough cough*
doesn't want spring break to endd ):
"<propfemale> digby  love   love   love  she is so talented, and lived in the same dorm room as me!!!"
is wondering why she still isn't declared yet   
wants a new camera so that she'll actually want to take pictures
can't find a research article for her psych paper ):
just finished her last mastering physics ever!
is home  smile 
loves her cousin and wishes she could have stayed longer  love 
just took a two hour nap  smile 
why is summer taking so long to come?
cleaning for jenniferrrr  love 
needs boxes
lovely weather today  love 
"tennis, i haven't played you in a long time  love "
"red bean popsicle, yumm"
the clouds should stop bullying the sun ):
might just overdose on frosting today
"a bajillion bug bites, raccoons in the middle of the night, hiking forever to see a dinky waterfall, hair still smelling like smoke   yep, best two nights of my life  love "
"is back in berkeley   hello mcb 102 and microbio, i'm ready for you "
*sigh*  i guess it's time to study
thinks it's time to go to the beach
loves the weather today
bloop bloop bloop   i will finish this in 2 hours 
would really like some chocolate chip cookies right now
is really frustrated that she's been waiting for a freaking hour for someone to take their freaking clothes out of the freaking dryer
took a 2 hour nap after lecture and still tired ):
"dear financial aid, can you please hurry up with the rest of the money?  i need to pay my cars   thanks "
"thank you for all the birthday wishes everyone  love   and thank you <propfemale> wong, <propfemale> du , and <propfemale> xu for cutting my cantaloupe with me  smile "
is trying really hard to resist another almond cookie ):
feels very disorganized right now
ended classes at 9 smile 0 and has done nothing since
4 midterms in 4 days: done 
's computer is making loud whirring noises ):
"wants to take a nap already, even though she's only been awake for 3 hours"
is very disappointed that she won't get to see <propmale> mars ): but <propfemale> excited for maroon 5 & one republic tonight!
"it's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoringgg ):"
is having a good day  smile 
stepped in pooo ):
not readyy
wishes the smoke detector in her room would stop beeping already! > sad 
it's been two days since i did my laundry and i still haven't folded them yet  annoyed 
thunderstorm!
is sorry for leaving <propfemale> du 's pot on the stove and letting her soup burn in it ):
"so tiredd, my eyes are burning"
"remembered the rain boots, but forgot the umbrella    "
ugghh free shipping the day after i order?? why?!?
yessssss!!!
"two down, two to go   "
pooped
is* pooped
<propfemale> christmas!
ahhh first paycheck!!
