21c58c50368f3976c2f37746e33fcea8
"thank god, your heart is too closed "
finally my new band lives! my love in static is currently working on a few remix's
the mohawk     returns!!!
we dont need another love song!!! -the a k a s (are everywhere)
bought a new graphics card and aion looks flipp'in amazing!  im keeping my other news a secret for now *winks*
being dumped sucks    
added more poetry to da look me up under sehkh
"im trying to say what i want to say, without having to say, i love you     stars - what im trying to say"
zombie!!!!
death cab for hiro
american health care system = fail!
back in the er
back in the er but this time it was no big dead  laugh 
happy new year everyone
well my girlfriends all moved in and everything is going smoothly  laugh  let the fun (and hard times) begin!!
sakuracon 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
my gf thinks im a bad ass! i dont think she knows me very well   
"yeah for undercover pay raises! well not really undercover per say as i knew it was supposed to happen but as we all know whats supposed to happen and what does actually happen can be two different things  in any case, now i just have to wait to pass my heavy structures class for another raise  laugh     wait that means i have to work with sheet metal       damnit maybe this was not such a good idea   "
<propfemale> <propfemale> bang bang
"please put this on your status if you know,\ or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by\ the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire \is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring \peace to the galaxy but the evil empire continues to kill innocent \civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for\ at least one hour?"
"starting monday, work on a new sehkh album will begin  ill post updates here and also a link for download when ready   "
"well here i am with the misses at the apple store here in <propmale>  playing on a machine thats wayyyy to e playful ensive for me  frowny  ah well one day ill get another <propmale>  love  \\transformice + super huge <propmale> monitor = lawls"
facebooking it up on xbox  yeah im board!
project l-g+h  is now underway! if ill release anything to the public is another story   
"working on material for j chaves to destroy    stay tuned!     or not, whatever   "
new <propmale> reznor project how to destroy angels is pretty darn good  get your copy free from the bands web site  laugh 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! it turned out to be a mellow and uneventful day 
my girlfriend makes cute stuffed animal throw pillows    you should buy one! help us put food on the table in these tough economic times!
new laptop should be here friday!!!! then to add touhou for akicon next week  laugh 
just got a new 2bed room apt!!!
"millions of peaches peaches for me millions of peaches peaches for me, woah!"
got anew phone!!
screw you snow
"my body's stupid, my stereo putrid\\spilling out music into raw sewage\\i'm reaching my threshold\\staring at the truth 'till i'm blind"
happy turkey day everyone!
can ableton live8 run on a duel core netbook? lets find out!
science!
i have awesome friends  love 
we have 200 couches were you can sleep tonight   
i want to start an old school industrial project no computers allowed!!! who's with me?!
organizing the house with anglespit cranked!!!!!
angelspit! damn phone lol
ready for tonight !!!!!
im thinking about covering a ministry song    what do you all think? it will probably be every day is halloween
afk tavern tonight!!!
"please put this on your status if you, or someone you know, were impacted by a rift while adventuring in telara  rifts can attack nearly anywhere with little or no warning, and are the leading source of planar invasion and telaran homelessness  93% of people won’t copy paste this because they haven’t yet ascended  help fight the planes by making this your status for at least one hour "
happy holidays everyone!!!
something old: joy division something new: editors
gonna lock myself in the home studio all week and try to get something done  i'm sick of having all these ideas and doing nothing about them   
afk tavern tonight at 5 smile 0 anyone down?
"the destruction of everything always gives birth to something new  now your world is on fire, and soon you'll be   "
question:  should i work on a cover ep while i wait for band members to complete inrapture?
a weekend without nsab means going to bed early with sadness in our hearts and no beer in the belly!
gantz in your pants?
"i just finished filing my taxes with taxact, you can try it for free: http annoyed  budurl com taxactfb1"
i just had to pay to pick up my car from being towed from my flipping spot!!! wtf?!?!?!?!!?
good news is i'm ready to start recording some new noise!! bad news is my brand new microphone is fucked!!  who ever put it together did a shit job on the elect
lol in a nut shell my computer rejects the asio drivers for my recording software for some reason    so now i need a new desktop    hoping my netbook can handle my audio software    ill keep you updated *sighs*
been sick since monday    make the headaches stop!!!
<propfemale> castles  love 
afk tavern tonight b) be there or be some place cooler  wink 
