f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e
"spent all day working on a project for her easiest class, hands down, and yet did not finish, it was just that boring  thank god for hulu and many, many breaks!"
"i would say i don't want to plod through the inevitable blizzard tomorrow and deal with school, but the truth is that i am out of books     "
is hysterically laughing at her sister  playful 
i hate being sick!!!
i'm counting the minutes until this awful week ends   just a thousand or so to go!
is listening to all-american rejects and reading shiver: the one book in the barnes and <propmale> teen section not involving vampires  hallelujah!
lmao! my parents just made fun of mr walker!
is already suffering from holiday overload 
"snow     please snow    please snow   this is new york, come on     please snow    "
"it snowed!(a little  it was more like sleet, but still!)"
"im dancing with myself,  dancing with myself, well theres nothing to lose, and theres nothing to prove, and i'm dancing with myself      (why is <propfirst> idol randomly stuck in my head!)"
"this isn't going to make sense to anyone else, but     hazelwood!!!!!!!!!!! excuse me while i rattle some chains    "
the courier is finally finished!!! we'll be publishing soon!
the webster <propfirst> thoughtpolice are trying to recruit me! (see?i totally am reading 1984!)
every time i try to e playful lain what happened to me today it sounds dirty 
tomorrow is the beginning of a busy week   maybe if i don't think about it will go away   
"snow plows are ruining my life  if i get frostbite and or hypothermia waiting for my bus in 20 degree weather and die, feel free to <propfemale> on my behalf"
everything is changing and yet stays the same
swallowed in the sea   
my christmas pajamas are huge
"i don't want a lot for christmas, theres just one thing i need, i don't care about the presents, underneath the christmas tree     <propfemale> christmas everybody!"
i won an awesome furry hat and simpson's boxers for chinese christmas!!!
i found original 60's beatles pins!!!they have <propfirst> lennon's face on them and they are freaking awesome!!! i totally live in the past     
"hanging out with becca tonight,eating awful cookies i made    "
celebrating 2011 by seeing tron with <propfemale> schoeck and refusing to take off my 3d glasses  ever 
"i am the clumsiest person alive! do not challenge me on this, i can back it up!"
"i envy sleeping beauty right now   being vulnerable to a spindle is kind of lame, but sleeping for 100+ years doesn't seem all that bad right now    i'm just that tired  do you think colleges would accept my transcripts and letters of recommendation 100 years after they were made?"
worst  day  ever 
my mom read my keuka admissions essay and started crying       surprise 
"20 years from now i'm going to look back on my life and wonder how the hell people thought i was smart with all the weird, stupid, insane things i said and did"
"before i graduate, i need to yell at all the annoying middle-schoolers who ride the late bus  ex ) \so you're the reason our generation is doomed!!!!!\"""""
i love how people try to use big words and then spell them completely wrong!!!!
why do i always feel more lost after i've passed through all the challenges?
"i just got into a fight with my sibs over the plot of \alvin and the chipmunks: the squeakwel\"" as we ate huge lopsided pancakes i made and my little brother sang excerpts from \""single ladies \"" lol or fml? haha!"""
is kind of tired but still waiting for something else awesome to happen!!!!
"we only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away, we gotta tell them that we love them while we gotta <propmale> to say, gotta live like we're dying  -the script"
it takes prodigious skill to burn bacon in a microwave while following the direction exactly     ;b
"before anyone asks, yes, i did cry during the lovely bones  it was just that good  and then i got into a massive fight with <propfemale> on the way home over who got to post it on facebook first!"
"the word \fine\"" seems really descriptive today   """
i flipped out when i got home today because there was a big envelope from one of the schools i've applied to in my mailbox  but it was just this booklet thing about why keuka is cool (which i already have 3 of)         lol
"one of my wishes for 2010 is that people will understand that people with disabilities do not have a disease; people with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least a hour"
seriously    what type of person takes a criminal justice class and then steals handcuff keys from a retired state trooper!!??
my obsessive problem with books has a name! it's called bibliophilia and or bibliomania!!!! i'm a bibliomaniac!!!! this makes me so happy    
today was just a bad day and i'm really looking forward to the chem midterm tomorrow! if only i could focus on my notes           sad 
"i am not a malibu <propfemale>!!!!!just had a really weird awesome conversation with <propfemale>, aka the korean <propfemale>                        "
went out for breakfast with <propfemale> and <propfemale> and then bought three new books at barnes and <propmale>!!!!!!
"today was boring and irritating, but at the end of the day, i don't have to show up at <propfirst> tomorrow!!!!!"
all those people who claim that how you think about your life affect your happiness are lying  always thinking the glass is half full doesn't keep the bad things from happening 
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have become my life  playful 
blah        playful 
"my little sister, <propfemale>, just announced to the dinner table that she's changing her name to <propfirst> swift  which pretty much sums up my family "
<propmale> ramsey seriously scares me    
i finally have a song i actually like stuck in my head and it somehow makes all these weird days near perfect 
"i just tried to straighten my hair, and now i can't go outside because my neighbors will either think i'm a lion or that i've been electrocuted  yay superbowl!!!"
"i have no coordination! i fell *3* times today in one class alone, and i almost dropped a tub of butter on <propfirst>'s head!"
"is it wrong that now whenever i walk past mr  <propmale> i have this insane urge to pull out my phone and start texting, cackling madly as i do so?  laugh "
i love flashlights   smile 
pancakes? <propfemale>? hanging out with friends and making plunge uniforms? extra sleep?saving 3 lives? this is the best day ever!!!!
i'm so excited scared for the polar plunge tomorrow!
"jumped into lake ontario today for the polar plunge with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and becca-never before have i appreciated coffee, socks, and car heaters as much as i did today      smile "
perfect first day of break: i did absolutely nothing 
hanging out with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  smile 
i got accepted at hofstra!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"awesome day! i went to a scholarship awards ceremony at keuka ($!), <propmale> out with my mom, bought a new hat, and now i'm going to go be crazy with <propfemale>!"
"nothing is wrong with me, i just choose to do more valuable things with my time than watching movies that i already know the ending to "
i don't react well to things changing but also when they don't change at all
"today basically revolved around playing with legos and little kids  i also got backboarded  fun, interesting day "
"wow, those 4th grade snow day superstitions actually work!"
"note to self: when the power goes out at 11 surprise 0 at night, don't be stupid with candles!!!!"
"i only talk to you to be polite, why are you acting like we're friends!!!???"
"is unsuccessfully trying to write a poem for creative writing (about being a non-human object?!?) while trying to think of how she can e playful lain to <propfemale> that 2 weeks is not equal to 2 days   also, my senior project starts tomorrow  joy "
"i was going to write about how awful my day was, but as i started i remembered a quote from my favorite book that fit with the situation   and somehow me being a dork made me feel better!  (however, based on afterschool today, i may get straight a's and still not graduate) "
"well if you wanted me to stay awake, maybe you should have made the class more interesting "
10 and a half hours of sleep! woot!!!!
it feels like a wednesday to me   playful 
someone save me from incredibly stupid people!!!!!!!
"ahem   if anybody feels like helping me graduate tomorrow after school, i'll be in room 61 with cookies, running a writing group  if you need help with writing an essay or something, or like just like writing creatively, this is for you  p s  i can't cook, but i make really good cookies "
"at <propfemale> and dad's house   every time i come here i realize i really haven't changed that much since i was little   10 years after my parents split, i still have a hidden <propfemale> to make a million dollars so i can afford to hook my dad up with a cleaning service "
the rain is making me happy  smile 
my adorable little cousin has yet to grow into his head 
you know what? i think i'll just teleport instead 
"if today hadn't been so awesomely, wonderfuly goregous, i would wish i lived in austraila "
green <propfemale> is awesome
just got my final acceptance letter to brockport!!!!!!
there must be something about home depot that just makes <propfemale> and i act crazy   
"i worked in the greenhouse all day and i'm really tired, but i'm randomly happy too "
"you know that slightly crazy woman you run into at <propfemale>'s who randomly gives you gift certificates for free fries and tells you 5 different ways to get to the same place when you ask for directions? yeah, that's my mom  smile "
<propfemale> looks like freaking pebbles from the flintstones  hilarious!!!!
"when i woke up this morning, i found a spoon in my pillowcase from when everybody was praying for a snow day a few weeks ago  and then today i was weirdly giddy    coincidence? i think not!"
is stealing awful breakfast pizza tomorrow 
why the hell does gym class have to be so scary life-threatening?
"to everyone who has ever commented on my klutzy accident-proneness: turns out, it's genetic  my dad has a cut on his forehead because he walked into the bathroom door the other day "
slowly going crazy 
"did not kill anyone today during driver's <propmale>, accidentally or on purpose "
might secretly be a spy  maybe  you never know 
is not a party girl and only dances crazy for awesome people
"<propmale> out at the farm today with the best slightly-dysfunctional family in the world! <propfemale> rode my pony and i <propmale> out with <propfemale>, which was cool!"
"shock! driver's <propmale> wasn't that bad today (even though i can't scan and i'm the only person in the car who understands directions   )! and, even better, the body count still = 0"
is going to have nightmares about zombies tonight 8(
"what? no swimming in gym today? oh well, guess i'll go stand outside in the rain instead "
maybe just got a job?
is tired and dirty and has classic rock stuck in her head ( laugh )   the joys of working in a greenhouse 
i had such a good day that i might have to stop writing emo poems for creative writing      (also: i  have  a job!!!!!)  laugh 
"suffered minor injuries while playing water polo  no, i'm not joking  yes, it was worth it "
"break needs to hurry up, so i can avoid the type of day i just had! (last day of internship tomorrow  i can't believe i'm saying this, but i think i'm going to miss the kids, even the one who says he hates me    well actually, never mind, i can live without him   )"
"kicking off spring break by babysitting the little monsters with <propfemale> schoeck  then, tomorrow i visit brockport (again) "
"went to brockport (again) and acted like a spaz with my mom  and then i bought a brockport t-shirt, which for me is like a sign of commitment that says this is where i am going to school!!!!! i finally made a decision!!!!"
watching crime shows with my vampire sister <propfemale> schoeck
"um, my phone is broken  if you have texted me at any time today after noon, it has not come through   sorry "
"ok, who wrote \i love maddy\"" all over my driveway?"""
"i'm at my dad's house    which i think has cockroaches   great, the kind of bugs you can't kill!!!!"
"there is something really weird about canned apple juicy juice    i stayed up until 1 am last night, laughing about random stuff (like pokemon names?) with <propfemale>, and then had a strange dream involving flying and a wegmans parking lot    (and now it's <propfemale>'s fifth birthday) "
"it's the last day of break, and didn't really do any of the work i was supposed to    i'm going to regret that decision     "
i hate mondays  (driver's <propmale> body count= 0 5  i scared my instructor half to death trying to parallel park for the first time  but everything else was perfect!!!!)
is taking a break from her eportfolio    i can't wait for disney!!!i need to get away from every possible reminder of my senior project immediately!!! (p s  my phone is officially messed up )
"tonight is going to be a long night, and tomorrow is going to be a long day  i have to finish my reflections essay, then submit my portfolio    "
first day of work today!!
"a kid threw up in the bounce house and i got bitched out by this one woman at a party, but you know what? it wasn't that bad "
is extremely dependent on caffeine this morning    second day of work later 
"today was so bad that the high point was gym, for the first time ever in my life  wow   (my driver's <propmale> body count is honorarily back down to zero, because i'm not stupid and i actually know where i'm going) "
"i now know for certain that i'm never going to be a cop, and i'm never going to be a crime scene investigator  and also that i don't like manniquins "
"so, according to <propfemale> miller i am pregnant with the spawn of satan who is also jesus christ's evil twin  oh, and she's the godmother! lol\also, i aced my cpr part of the nocti, and my great-grandma is on facebook  this is the weirdest day ever!"
"if i hear that song on <propmale>'s mix one more time, i am not liable for my actions "
thinks there should be a group for <propmale>'s bus
"last minute shopping with mom and <propfemale> schoeck for florida clothes  later, i'm going to <propfemale>'s to wait out the final hours before we leave tomorrow!!!!"
"i'm baaaaack! i'm sunburned, tired of drama, and clumsy as ever, but florida was so much fun! i can't wait to tell all the stories    "
i refuse to move to texas or to ever spend more than five minutes there! it's way too big and dry and hot and plus they eat rattlesnakes! palies hate texas!!
"i guess i have good intuition, which in my book is like a super awesome secret power!!!!"
"my phone has officially been replaced! the number is still 797-8622, so text me so i can get everybody's number again "
is a geek   smile 
"i love that when i am stressing over senior project and i need someone to talk me off my drama <propfemale> ledge, i call someone who plays with matches and once ranted about how genes must have gladiator fights on top of kidneys  (just kidding, i love you )"
is contemplating possible criminal behavior while preparing for her senior project speech 
"is writing her entire creative writing final on random stuff that somehow changed her childhood   playful \(where can i like speaking in the third person?)"
trying to finish my creative writing final while ignoring the crime show my parents are watching  that's quite a big deal for me 
"i celebrated senior skip day by going to the lilac festival with <propfemale> tedesco and <propfemale> marchand, and then eating an unbelievable amount of fried stuff  i don't think i've ever been so full, which is saying something "
"is being a rebel tonight and going to see iron man 2 and eat dinner and ice cream with <propfemale> miller and <propfemale> piekunka (when she finishes her homework) instead of going to ball! \ps <propfemale> is awesome and looks \risque\""-<propfemale> and her mom """
i'm sorry that i'm difficult when i'm tired   playful 
i think i've found what i want to do with my life  smile 
"i've officially lost all energy and ability to participate in high school  only 2-or so-weeks left!!!\ p s  <propfemale> is now a robot "
"if anyone finds a crumpled-up piece of notebook paper covered with notes on an interview with mr  <propmale> in my handwriting, give it! i can't seem to write this god damn article on him without it!"
"it was a pretty good day with a kind of lousy finish  but hey, i have coffee and books and my ipod is charging, so it's turning out good anyways!"
i want chinese  playful 
"<propmale> out at the lake all day, swimming and kayaking and talking and eating  then it started to rain and we got to call 911 about an electrical fire    "
since this is the third computer this week that is not working for me i figure i have a legitimate reason to not finish my economics homework!
"the first thing i did when i got home yesterday was put on my grad dress, my gown, and my cap, and then just chilled around my house because it's finally over!!!!!"
"i cut off most of my hair, graduated from emcc, had an   interesting   conversation with my friends, and got into an awesome, fantastic, really exciting program at brockport! yeah, its been a good 2 days "
"i worked all morning and afternoon, and then came home and watched the criminal justice video     oh my god, so funny!"
"today was a weird, slightly bipolar day   i am almost completely sure the bird is out of the house though, so i will survive  playful "
do i scare people when i ride rollercoasters?  smile 
can somebody talk to <propfemale> and e playful lain that i am too nice to get sick before graduation? please?
"so, i'm supposed to be cleaning but instead i'm waiting for <propfemale> miller to get out of work so we can go attack the plaza     "
i understood dirty humor by myself for once!!!!!!!!
my little brother and sister admitted today that they will miss me when i go to college 
technology drives me crazy
"i'm still in denial about graduation, and the ceremony is today  i'm probably going to undergo some type of realization as i'm walking in    anyway, congratulations class of 2010!!!!"
"this is my first day as a high school grad; i should do something earth-shaking  or, you know, i could watch movies and help find <propfemale> schoeck a bathing suit   it's a toss up "
i need books and yet more caffeine   
trying to find a second job so i don't starve in college     hopefully i won't get scammed!!!  laugh 
zombies
"working today at three   until then though, i am internally raging against whoever messed up my financial aid packet for the second time   cheers!  smile "
"my latest ambition: to be a rare, nice wealthy person  but only to people who deserve it!!!!!!!"
"happy fourth everyone!!! im hanging out with my brother, watching <propfemale> in wonderland "
"today i'm going grad present shopping with <propfemale> marchand  and <propfemale> tedesco, and then we're driving to south bristol and swimming at <propmale> point!!!!"
"hanging out in south bristol until tomorrow night, keeping an eye out for 'lake sharks'  thanks, <propfemale> tedesco"
"<propfemale> schoeck: \i am not an artic elf!!!!!\"""""
"just found my 11th grade homemade yearbook, where i wrote all of these quotes from cj and stuff on the back    like <propfemale> telling <propfirst> he was \gayer than a u-turn\"" and how <propfemale>'s favorite word was \""dilema\""     that and the rain made my day!!!!"""
i love my friends  smile 
has a second job (technincally)   smile 
"in the future, i'm probably going to have long arguments about whether running around in a field, playing on a playground, and trying to seduce swans were actual events or just the fantastic results of sleep deprivation "
freshman orientation tomorrow!!!
"just got back from freshman orientation, and i think even after one day, i'm already one of the strangest people on campus, which is fine by me "
dorm shopping today with mom and <propfemale>
i love that the fireworks were so awesome and loud last night that after a certain point you didn't even notice the stupid car alarm  smile  <propfemale>'s grad party today!!!
i'm so getting a dog and naming it plato 
trying out my new laptop!!!
"i need to videotape <propfemale> and make a documentary, because otherwise i feel like noone can ever understand how strangely hilarious she really is "
"going to grassroots with dad, who is finally buying goats?"
grassroots was amazing!!!! i'm going next year and every other year in the forseeable future  i have decided 
"the storm has passed    nobody was hurt and there's some damage, but its beautiful today "
"i'm home from dad's   a little disappointed that i didn't get to spend time with my sisters today, but there is a strong possibility of coffee later, so everything's good   smile "
i have a good feeling  about what? i have no idea   smile 
my father has begun learning to use skype  there are no good possible outcomes to this situation 
"i have an on-campus job lined up, new books, and it's beautiful out today   smile "
sucessfully cooked something
skyping with <propfemale> schoeck makes me realize that i only got a sister so i could have someone who understood my sense of humor and could make use of my uncanny directional skills 
i'm angry at brockport  again 
"just went for a really long bike ride, and realized on the way that i have 23 days before i leave for college "
suddenly i'm scared 
"it's only since the kids i babysit have started repeating what i say that i've realized how often i use the words \true\"" and \""awesome\"" """
"frustrated, but hey, i finally found out where my dorm is and who my roommate is!!!"
i am damn proud of the card i just made 
"going to beccas party soon, but until then i'm just hanging around "
"i just had the scariest, strangest dream ever  it was about my roommate "
more weird dreams  playful 
"hanging out with <propfemale> maioli today!! i have no idea what we're going to do, but it shall be fun "
"hanging out with <propfemale> today because she is leaving me soon, but until then i'm babysitting the monsters, who just had a physical fight on the stairs "
i ran over my own foot with a stroller this morning   playful 
"so, it looks as if my roommate and i are going to get along, since it is turning out that we have a lot of stuff in common    "
i really can't wait 
"this is probably going to sound strange to all of you webster people, but i am going to go walk down the hill and pick some zucchini right now "
"out of all the places i want to go and have been, i don't think anywhere can or will ever equal canandaigua lake   smile "
"went to the lake, and then my cousin's wedding today with <propfemale> schoeck, where we were shamed by 50+ year-olds on the dance floor     "
just watched aladdin with <propfemale> schoeck and tj 
i have disney songs stuck in my head and it's all <propfemale>'s fault!
"strangely, i'm actually enjoying packing for college!!!!"
and our dreams will break the boundaries of our fears
so apparently i need to get a hearing aid? hanging out at <propfemale>'s later     
ran around in the rain with <propfemale>  playful 
"shopped with <propfemale> today, then drove to dad's in a frighteningly messed-up car  party tomorrow!!"
camped out last night and then went to the grainery for breakfast  smile 
"i have a phone again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the number is still 797-8622, so please text me with <propfirst>!"
it's the last day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
move-in day at brockport    i'm so excited!!!
hanging out in my dorm   because i have one!
"<propfemale> stuff  global village stuff  overall, college stuff   smile "
is it possible to feel like something isn't working entirely but to also not want to go home?
i used my meal card for the first time today!!! glowfest and midnight movies later!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"went and saw the e playful endables last night with my roommate;it was so bad that i couldn't stop laughing!!! classes start tomorrow, and i'm really excited!!"
first day of classes!!!!
hanging out in the library
"i'm home!!!! i just got back from lunch, and i should really work on my article, but i think i\m going to go call a friend """
wants ratatouille  and also her laptop 
i have a movie review and a byline in the stylus!!!!
"teacher: \no paper clips!!!\"" *throws my essay on the ground *\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,i've basically spent the entire weekend thus far feeling lucky that i am where i am  smile 
construction makes lovely sounds at 7 am
yoga-pilates?
"i think the highlight of my day was when i dropped my pen on the desk-accidentally- and <propmale> allentopf told me i was \so brilliant \"" i love <propfemale> """
i made zucchini cake with emily   it tasted strange    
"i do not laugh like <propfemale> claus  ever  (geez, <propfemale> contestable ) "
"my day ended up consisting of only 20 minutes of classes-we took a quiz in my first one and the professor let us leave when we were done  then, aps was canceled! i've got work later, but that's okay  smile "
"so, seeing the last exorcist was probably not the best idea for me, but hey, it only cost a dollar! walking to wegmans today for much-needed food!"
i made bad zucchini bread and went midnight bowling last night  dressed as a pirate 
i'm making coffee  it's the only way i'm going to survive this 
today is pretty much the best day ever  collegewise 
"tomorrow, we enter the period that i hated so much when i was little: the month where <propfemale> schoeck and i appear to only be a year apart "
crazy busy  blah 
"i think i want to be a failed writer  journalism is too much work sometimes   playful  (just kidding  not about the work part, though )"
going to the goodwill with <propfemale> tedesco today   i really need clothes   
grapefest today!!!! and then sleeping and homework     
i'm hanging out in my dorm in my furry hat  doing homework  yay 
"i fell several times today, and also dropped a waffle, but then i totally owned a society & culture test so it was all worth it   smile "
"just got ishmael beah's autograph   but he was really tired, so i feel kind of bad   "
take a bite of my heart tonight
is rooming with a criminal!!!!
"i zoned out for a minute in class and convinced myself that there was a cat face in the poster    and when i awoke into reality, the creepy guy was staring at me  smiling  creepily "
"i really wish i wasn't diabetic   but hey, in 22 days i can sign up for the donate life program!! so i'm ok  smile "
"ok, now i understand   that i like it under my chair"
"orange crush, $2  small bag of <propfemale> corn, $2  offering to act as a hypothetical hit woman, equal to whatever a gun, bullets, and a temporary suspension of humanity costs  forgiveness     pricless "
"classes are over for the day! i've got work later, and then i'm headed back to webster!"
so i'm pretty sure right now about what i don't want to do with my life   playful 
i'm clumsier than usual today   
keeps having really strange dreams    
"so, tonight i have to write a play, study japanese, learn some new characters, drink coffee, and try not to get distracted       \wait, we are interrogating emily's boyfriend in the hall??? that's way more important!"
"so i may have failed my japanese midterm, but at least i'm lucky enough to have some people who have weird conversations with me and make me feel better about it     smile "
hangin w  <propfemale> who is the bestest!!!!
"it's a good day, but i wish i was better at talking to tattoo artists     playful "
"so, i'm at home, it's cold outside, i've discovered that watching suspenseful movies with my mom sucks, and i really have nothing to do  will i take this opportunity to start the 5-page essay i have due thursday?\nope!  playful "
starting my essay  i mean it this time 
interesting times in brockport dining halls  playful 
"if anyone hears me randomly laughing, its okay  i'm just tired   smile "
i think i had a dream about walking and sleeping last night    
"tonight, we eat bread and butcher <propmale>   smile "
"last night, <propmale> horror touched my hair, and then <propmale> lost his microwaveable popcorn virginity   smile "
karaoke tonight!
"i don't care what anyone says, i just made myself the best freaking halloween costume ever!"
"today is a fantastic day  smile  and if something happens and i have to go the er, at least i can accept medical treatment now! see, there's a plus side to everything!"
"i'm so tempted to just go to hazen complaining of a weird stomach ache tomorrow, conveniently missing my newswriting class    "
going out to dinner at a mystery location with my family   including <propfemale> schoeck !!!
midnight movies  in costume  yes 
"today's my time-warp birthday!!!! tarot cards, mythos cafe, and then i have an appointment at pink armadillo tattoo parlor     smile "
last night was interesting      smile 
god damn public laundry room  playful 
"i found a book called \sucking witchcraft\"" in the library today  it seems symbolic """
"today, <propmale> called me precious and said i liked bagels   smile "
"i'm really out of it today   i almost hit <propfemale> <propfemale> farrell in the head with a hacky-sack, sent a very long text message to my grandparent's home phone, and then left them an equally long voicemail e playful laining that i now have a tattoo  even better, i have a test next!"
"standing on the cold, wet sidewalk with one sock and no shoes, in your pajamas is not the best way to go about a fire drill at 3 a m  yelling at people who laugh at your one sock is   smile "
making a toga out of a sheet is really fun     smile 
i'd say it's been a good interesting weekend  smile 
early <propfemale> registration is the coolest thing ever to happen at 6 am   smile 
sick  had to happen sooner or later   playful 
it's a beautiful day   playful 
"ti feel like i lost everything i own today  it got to the point where i actually suspected that people were taking my stuff to mess with me (they weren't)  but, good news, i get to sleep in tomorrow!!!"
i want to go to vietnam now  or oxford  or vietnam  or oxford 
watching the brockport volleyball tournament thingy 
suffering under the delusion that it is totally fine to not start my homework for tomorrow until 9 smile 0 pm   smile 
some weird guy ate breakfast with me  it was strange 
"strange things happen in the hallway, i guess "
i really want to steal my roommate's afghan  it's incredibly tempting 
growing up means   becoming everyone's therapist?
"so, today in japansese we had this discussion about whether you would use \ga arimasu\""(used for nonliving things) or \""ga imasu\"" (used for humans and animals) when referring to zombies \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"accidentally fell asleep in my dorm and missed the last common hour, thus not being able to view the banned video!!!!! \<propmale> potter later though   smile "
"staking out <propmale> potter 7  eating my first trash plate  learning how to pronounce vietnamese names (like drum sounds!!!)  partying with <propfemale> contestable and tung nguyen (and also <propfirst>)  eating cold pizza  trying to play pool  swearing at <propmale> and <propfirst> when they went easy on me  and then having my laptop start working again all by itself     \i'd say this was a pretty good weekend  smile "
"if heaven and hell decide\that they both are satisfied,\and illuminate the \no's\"" on their vacancy signs",\f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,my family totally forgot about me  they thought classes ended tomorrow   playful 
"i swear, everyone changed something while i was gone, just to mess with me \(also, <propfemale> miller is a wonderful shopping <propmale>) "
there's nothing like your siblings jumping on you as you sleep to get you up to watch the holiday parade   playful  happy thanksgiving everyone 
"going to get a christmas tree with my family  yes, it is indeed only the day after thanksgiving   playful "
"dear facebook,\i think i hate you  my font keeps doing weird things and i don't know why  so confused right now   make it stop "
just tried to make coffee without putting anything but water into the machine   why did those colleges accept me again?
i have now decided that the best days are the ones where you can find something beautiful in the ordinary  smile 
"the good news: i am good at asking and giving directions in japanese!\the bad news: my partner (obviously a guy) had no idea what was going on  so i e playful lained way more than i actually practiced "
my draft research paper was completed and submitted on time! which means that i am now going to eat cereal  smile 
it's officially december  and it's snowing  which means that we are so decorating room 111 this weekend!!!!
i think work just killed music for me 
trying to add on to the god damn play 
"getting ready to kill, annihilate, and destroy (!!!) my <propfemale> presentation about mesoamerican sacred caves this morning  also trying to convince myself not to laugh when my group members talk about moche funeral rites and whatnot   "
"i've got these habits that i cannot break,\and as i'm older there is more at stake,\go ahead and call me fake,\but these are the sins, the sins of my youth,\i break habits just to fall in love,\but i do it on designer drugs,\you can call me dangerous,\but these are the sins, the sins of my youth   smile "
went christmas shopping with the roomie and <propfemale> contestable     then realized that i want to buy everyone a present  literally everyone 
just killed a centipede on my wall with a lot of support from <propfemale>   
"dear ra of mine,\you know, music can cover up basically anything, if it's loud enough "
"trying to write about familiar things is hard, because there is way too much detail "
you are so much sunshine to the square inch- walt whitman (its on a magnet on our fridge) 
studying for the final test i forgot about would have been a good plan   playful 
"melt your headaches, call it home   smile "
i'm preparing for exam week by doing essentially nothing     playful 
"i'm lying on my stomach on the floor, making christmas cards with roseart markers  i guess some things never (ever ever ever) change "
"i'm going to start studying japanese now, as i've only been avoiding it all day "
"my boy builds coffins\with hammers and nails\he doesn't build ships \he has no need for sails\-<propfemale> + the machine"
trying to stay calm before my japanese exam
"i just showed up for my japanese exam a 1 2 hour early  somehow, this always happens  playful "
drawing on everything  smile 
i am now the proud owner of a <propfemale> cult ring  be jealous 
i could swear my house has grown new walls  playful 
"my youngest sister just asked me if i had facetime on my computer like my stepdad does  she said it was a website where you go on and see what everybody else is doing \fair enough description   playful "
"today i rediscovered the only reason webster is where life is worth living-my crazy, incredible friends  i guess i won't mind being home     playful "
going out to be crazy with some lovely people for the non-lunar eclipse  smile 
babysitting after minor emergencies + 2 hours of sleep= the reason god created coffee  love 
"i realize it's december, but i'd love to see a thunderstorm"
"good times with <propfemale> hanley tonight, in which i learned that platform 9 3 4 is a real place  surprise "
"the holidays with my family are the best  today, my grandparents unofficially changed my name to that of a tv character and made inappropriate jokes about the card my sister gave them  i love it! <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
"\it seems that <propfemale> has taken a hand \""- casablanca with <propfemale> schoeck"""
"babysitting <propfemale> today, and chinese christmas tomorrow!"
"when the day is boring, its nice to know that i have <propfemale> marchand to listen to me complain and help support my caffeine habbit   smile "
"i just won a <propmale> the martian figurine at chinese christmas  also booze-flavored coffee  and because my roomie doesn't do facebook, i am now going to write her a cautionary email, because this shit is coming back to brockport with me   laugh "
\i exist as i am," that is enough \""\"f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,i just spent an entire day dancing strangely to classic rock and falling down stairs  good times   smile 
new years at the farm!!!! (feel free to make a redneck joke) happy holidays everyone!!!!
i think a fortune cookie just told me to stop being an ass and go live my life    
snooki wrote a novel  literature has officially died 
i just learned how to train a dragon with <propfemale> miller   and also that she and her sister think i'm weird   playful 
"writing (because if snooki can, so can i!!!!!!!)"
"it has been a terrible day babysitting my siblings  example: my brother just told me that he is going to run away because he \doesn't know who this family is anymore!!!!\"""""
having laptop issues    
making crazy plans  smile 
"dear <propfemale> schoeck ,\fine, i admit it  i'm afraid of knives \love,\your stubborn sister"
"yesterday, the dentist took one look at my x-rays and asked if i was clumsy  apparently my bones show evidence of extensive childhood head trauma \lucky guess "
just watched a documentary with <propfemale> schoeck about how to become street thieves  moral of the movie: don't do this shit  you could be murdered 
watching svu with <propfemale> schoeck   i am way too fascinated with crime 
"something has happened to my brain  i just realized that i'm due back at brockport in a week, not two weeks (yay!!)  and while i'm really excited, this means that i have to start packing (no    ) "
i hate the hospital 
<propmale> out with <propfemale> marchand and <propfemale> tedesco last night for the last time before spring break    now i'm beginning to pack and watching my stepdad e playful eriment with pizza 
"back at brockport!!! i've unpacked all my shit, put (almost) everything away, and got organized (kind of)  i washed my dishes  i was even nice to <propmale>, though i don't understand how he was able to return for second semester    \if i'm lucky, this will all last about a week   laugh "
"ok, i'm really tired and damn cold, but if the past hour has been any indication, i am going to love my new english class!!!!"
"one day in a philosophy-based college course, and i'm already drinking black coffee and finding evidence to suggest that my life could be someone else's dream  this semester is going to be interesting "
"just found $10 mysteriously in my pocket  laugh \but now i have to go to work  sad "
"it has been an awesome, strange night with my delta mclean global village friends  yes, that was us you heard screaming with laughter, saw interpretive dancing laughing in the lounge, and riding the elevator  you are totally invited next time "
i just looked up the new astrology signs  i refuse to accept that i am a virgo!!!!
"just finished serenading <propfemale> miller through the phone for her birthday  i'm sorry if anyone else had to hear that  she wished for it, at least \midnight movie later!!"
socialists have epic mustaches 
i just made the most awesome fort with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  and now we're going to eat junk food and watch <propfirst> hood: men in tights  stop by to see the awesomeness   laugh 
\everyone has something they're good at," and mine is being crafty \""-emily neuffer \"f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"myth: drama ends after high school \truth: people just pretend to be more grown-up about it \also, it's *swear word, swear word, swear word* cold!!! (i just remembered that i have family on here   )"
<propfemale> is immortalizing me and my room in her sketchbook   laugh 
"today, i listened to a professor demonstrate how innapropriate the old testament is for children i talked with <propfemale> contestable about why suicide bombers would want 40 virgins  i found 8 new ways to insult people in <propmale>  then, i broke a washing machine \if today is any indication, the weekend is going to be pretty good "
i am considering becoming a hermit 
"it's been a great night   even though some people don't want to drive through a snowstorm so they can come home and go to their inaugural first college party, *cough, cough* <propfemale>! *cough, cough*  jeez    playful "
"it frustrates me to be having trouble with super basic japanese when i can swear fluently in both english and german   \super bowl later (no shit, it's been mentioned in everyone else's status today)  i'll know who i'm supporting as soon as i figure out who the underdog is "
my hair is getting medusa-like again   playful 
"dear karma,\you owe me \ love  me"
"interesting, fantastic, hilarious times with some of my favorite global villagers "
<propmale> marulanda is making me smell his socks 
my new name is <propfemale> mayhem   smile 
"so, the world is clearly in a terrible state  they just had to oust a dictator in egypt, women have no rights in many parts of the world, and we are in the middle of an economic crisis  plus, someone just stole my beat-up boots that had only sentimental value at a party  and i had to borrow these huge work boots from the guy who lived at the house  but the polar plunge is in 10 hours  i have hope "
just got back from the polar plunge!!! no cool bruises this year      playful 
"it's 1 am  i have class tomorrow  i probably should go to sleep  but i can't  i'm having an incredibly entertaining, rather honest conversation in room 106   laugh "
became a rival prostitute and then a doctor during one very interesting dinner     
"i'll keep my eyes fixed on the sun     -cage the elephant, \shake me down\"""""
dredging up memories for a human heritage freewrite to good music  smile 
watching arguably the worst <propfirst> <propfemale> movie ever (which is saying something) in a misguided attempt to ignore my homework   smile 
i made a friend 
"so this weekend was terrible, what with the freezing cold, traumatic driving conditions, and the losing of important objects    but <propfemale> distenfeld's mom bought me a happy meal  i got a truck  tomorrow's already got a great <propmale> of being great "
"isolated in my room doing homework, while <propfemale> is off doing \ra group processing \"" we agree that this could be a code for icebreaker-induced brainwashing """
"human heritage has messed me up so much that i just constructed this tree-like diagram out of post-it notes and tape outlining my creative writing assignment  it's on the wall above my bed, and if it falls on me while i sleep it's going to scare me shitless \someday, i shall look back on these days fondly   playful "
"conversations my family have about me while i'm gone annoyed shayla: \where's <propfemale> <propfemale>?\"" (aka me)\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"so, i think i just failed at writing \i love writing  i'm good at writing \at least it's friday "
"last night, i watched an amazing, traumatic movie, sobbed like an idiot, decided to be crazy, and then went out and played in the snow with some awesome friends  today, i'm doing homework  feel free to bother me  smile "
"today was a very typical college day  i went to classes  walked to wegmans in the rain snow  worked  went to a presentation from the rochester kink club (we thought it would be funny, but now <propfemale> is considering becoming a nun)  learned how to say \hooker\"" in vietnamese (<propfemale> ve!)  read freud \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"making coffee  this will either make me extremely happy and therefore unproductive, or will wake me up so i can finish get started on my work  i'm hoping for the latter "
"writing my god damn philosophy paper  warning: if i see you tomorrow, i will probably make you read it "
"my plans for last night did not include running around brockport at midnight, being encouraged and questioned by drunk people    but that's what we did!! gotta love college!"
"i love that every time the mclean fire alarm goes off, the weather is terrible, its two in the morning, everyone definitely has better things going on (sleep, movie, shower, etc), and i'm not wearing shoes   playful \every thing else is cool, though "
"last night consisted of no sleep, laughter, terror, confusion, some crying, me hugging people, water fights, impromptu bonding, and intensely strange conversations  oh, and ghosts  \let's do it again!"
"just took my japanese midterm \watashi wa nihongo testo o ii shimasendeshta \i think i just said that i didn't do so good "
"i love how we've had 5 fire alarms all year, 3 in the last week, and two tonight alone  thanks mclean!!"
last night was interesting  thanks <propmale> 
"home! \oh wait, nothing happens here  playful "
"my brother just tried to convince me to take my road test by telling me about all the times spongebob has failed to get his liscense  then, he started renaming every brand of cereal we have in the house \i missed him  laugh "
"so, joining stumbleupon was probably one of the best bad decisions i will make  i literally accomplish nothing now "
"i got an amazing internship today, based on the fact that my introductory letter apparently identified me as \a rare college student who is able to complete a sentence \"" thank delta!\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"had an interesting day at the mall with <propfemale> schoeck, but now i'm packing for brockport! and liking it, somehow "
"back in brockport!! i'm happy to be done with spring break, but i just realized that i have two essays and a test due this week, not to mention work    also, that psychoanalysis essay i worked on all break? yeah, that's due next week   \things will resolve themselves somehow  playful "
"i could be frustrated with mother nature for being such a tease, angry at my psych class for holding the midterm during a very stressful week, or annoyed that i have to work today  but you know what? i'm going to see the lion <propmale> off-broadway tonight for $10  things are looking up "
"lion <propmale> was amazing  i may spend the rest of my life stalking broadway  but first, lots of homework "
"i drank 3 cups of coffee at the international festival (which was awesome) and now i'm trying to write my english essay  it's not going so well    my room, however, looks pretty organized "
"so     my hair is now very short  as in, the shortest i have ever had my hair since i was two years old  in spite of once trying to cut my own hair, which was one of the worst ideas i have ever had \i do not know how i feel about this "
"it's 5 am  i have to be up in 2 hours to get ready to extoll the many virtues of brockport  however, i still decided to stay up making interesting things out of <propmale> with some people who probably won't let me live down some interesting things i said      laugh "
"2 smile 0 am: \you want to have a meaningful conversation about bacon??? really?\""\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"having une playful ected phone conversations with my parents is strange \but i have hats  and books  and interesting youtube videos  and i know some pretty awesome people  so the strangeness is evened out "
"today was interesting! i got my four-year plan worked out (apparently i am totally free to go study buddhism in tibet if i so choose in 3 years), planned a peition with fellow frustrated japanese students, paid my housing deposit, got caught up on assignments, and didn't have to work  laugh  !!! and then my bamboo plant decided to commit suicide to prove a point      playful "
today was pretty good     i just need to finish my psychoanalysis paper  dreams are fun until you begin to realize what they mean   playful 
it's 3 am and i have finally finished my psychoanalysis essay  i think i actually reached a good conclusion about the message of the dream  surprise      now i am going to go to bed and probably have another f*cked up dream      
just had an awesome talk with my roommate about reading and stuff  it's the perfect end to a rather mundane day in my eccentric college life  playful 
"i would resolve to stop eating hanging out with terrible people if it wasn't so freaking hilarious \(laptop is broken    secretly using my roommate's)"
"so, the listening script i wrote with <propfemale> for dcc 225 is secretly about winemaking  why? because it can be done, and i also want to see how long it takes my professor to realize that it's about winemaking   smile  oh, the simple joys of college "
"i am tired, but content  the only things that could make me happier right now are some more sleep and a thunderstorm"
"well, my life just got a lot more complicated    "
"i miss my laptop  siting next to a guy playing a computer game in the library for an hour and a half (click click click click click click!!!!!!) is definitely not the best way to get work done  2 essays, a presentation, and super-compeitive registration still to come   playful "
i love philosophy  smile 
i have my laptop cord back!! my laptop is working again!! i don't have to live at the library this weekend!!! i can finish my paper!!
finally getting to work on my paper      playful 
"so, laying rolling around in the school fountain until 2 in the morning is not generally advised  but it's still fun! \working on my essay, which is coincidentally due tomorrow "
"in the last 24 hours, i debated about religion, played with fire, watched drunk people run through signs and jump on tents, debated with said drunks about homelessness, tried to sleep outside, got too cold, asked my psych professor if she had penis envy, bought philosophy books, was attacked (lovingly) in volunteers of <propfemale> (<propfemale> schoeck), and came home for the weekend  life  is  good "
"today was a good, mustache-making, annoying people in antique shops kind of day "
"goo goo dolls  bsg kind of quit on us, but hey, now i have time to write my movie analysis paper  feel free to stop by my room and distract me!!"
\do i dare \,f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,all nighters make everything funnier
i hate posting emo statuses  but 4 smile 0 in the morning is worth an emo status  fire detector!!!! nothing makes sense right now 
no more all nighters  i mean it  (thanks to everyone who helped me get through today)
"i just won 3 books at philosophy conference  my life seems pretty good right now  smile \p s  if you got a weird statement text message from me last night about how time is messed up or giant rabbits were going to get me, you should know that i get extremely and imaginatively paranoid while half asleep on quite a lot of caffeine and sugar  sorry "
"all things considered, i think this weekend was worth the four hours of homework i just did  minus losing my cell phone  but definitely including philosophy conference   smile "
"\only the person who risks is truly free\""- fortune cookie ticket i just randomly found on my dresser """
"dear <propfemale> distenfeld and <propmale> marulanda,\one of you changed my settings so that everything is in french  i don't speak french  the guilty one needs to come forth, change it back, and accept their punishment  but since its me, i'll probably just squint at you angrily and try to think of something that won't start up my hyperactive guilt complex  \you suck   love , maddy"
"today was a good, slightly depressing day (i had to help people pack    ) but you know what? in about *14 hours* the lovely <propfemale> schoeck is coming to visit me!!"
"i could say something here about how awesome last night was, about how i hate presenting when i'm sick, about how much i love being a <propfemale>, or about how the last week of classes begins in a few hours  but right now people are shooting off fireworks near the flag pole, and all i can think about is how one terrible person is dead  the problem is still very much alive and kicking "
i'm sorry to everyone who heard me screaming and crying   i was being made to face my issue with scary movies that really aren't scary to anyone else    and now i'm too scared to leave  <propmale> marulanda's room because i'm scared i will be possessed     
"if you just heard someone yelling in the hall over the deafening sounds of construction, it was (probably) me  someone decided that today was a good day to annihilate the concrete on the other side of my wall right by my bed, so i'm finding it hard impossible to write my essays, or watch hulu, or talk to my roommate, or anything else fun or constructive  "
i just finished my last english essay for the next 2 or 3 months     it feels strange 
just finished my last class of my freshman year!! i just have to wrap up an essay and then i'm going to <propmale> the port!!!!
"<propmale> the port wasn't quite as fun as i e playful ected, but i still had a great night   i'm so tired    the only thing that keeps running through my head is that i have some damn wonderful friends"
"this weekend, i waited in lines and talked to drunk people  i watched fireworks and went to the beach with some wonderful deltas  i went to walmart and bought a new hat  i stayed up late with friends, and then we all kind of fell asleep on my floor i said goodbye to a friend and was given a bottle of holy water to protect me from demons  thus ends my freshman year  i'm counting the days until we return "
"today was kind of terrible, what with 2 friends leaving, failing tests, turning in essays late, and packing  but i guess that the fact that i'll miss this place so damn much is evidence of what a great year i had  i'm so lucky to have met so many great people and had such great times with them  laugh "
"making the most of an unbelievably beautiful day with <propfemale> distenfeld, who's leaving me soon, <propfemale> <propmale>, who's also leaving me soon, <propfirst> <propfemale> comden, <propfemale> cryan, and <propmale> shields "
"several wonderful people left today   i'm kind of looking forward to going home tomorrow, just so i'll be that much closer to coming back  thanks for a great year, brockport!! freshman year ends in about 12 hours!"
"i'm home!!!!\    meaning that tomorrow i start looking for a job and reading marx   yay "
"it's 1 smile 0 in the morning, and i think i'd kill to sit on my atrociously weathered dorm floor, listening to stories about an islamic secret agents while eating swedish fish and cracking jokes about e playful licit egyptian love poetry as only a <propfemale> can   smile "
i really don't handle staying up late very well      
"my brother has informed me that he is going to gather a crew so they can break dance in his elementary school's talent show  \i don't mean to be unsupportive, but my extremely white little brother can't break dance "
"dear judeo christian god,\so, the rapture is in three days, and i just thought i'd take the time to remind you that as you're choosing the few humans who will survive, diversity is key! sometimes atheist agnostics who like to quote atheist philosopher friedrich nietzsche? win! their friends and family? win! stupid terrible people who do stupid terrible things in your name? not so much!\best of luck!  love  , me"
"today was good  i got a babysitting job i'm (oddly) excited about, watching 2 boys and like 8 million animals- in other words, two things i missed in college   laugh "
"this morning i sat in a theater with <propfemale> miller and 2 other random people and watched thor  twas awesome  and then my day kind of got progressively worse \so    i need new music  any suggestions?"
"i just made myself a decent-tasting dinner out of random things we had around the house  the rapture is obviously true  nice knowing you all   playful \(while i don't actually believe in the rapture, i find great amusement in the philosophical nature of the \what-if\"" of it all)"""
3 41 gpa!!!! the world can end now   i'm content  smile 
"i had a great time at the lilac festival today, despite sunburn, but all i can really think right now is that i want to go back to brockport  tonight, i got locked out of my house twice and was told be quiet several times more, just so i could talk to some people i miss   if i were on campus, i could just walk across the quad and talk as loudly as i wanted  i think the better choice is clear here "
"dear residents of webster,\if you saw me spazzing on the side of 250 south today, everything's cool  i was just trying to save a crippled bird stuck in the road  also, whoever waved to me- you totally killed it!\also, if it was your cat i swore at accused of attempted murder, sorry \um, internship starts tomorrow!"
"the first day of my internship went pretty well, and unless i get mugged by a homeless person it will probably continue in that fashion "
"<propfirst> camping has released a statement saying that the rapture has, in fact, happened, it was just \spiritual\"" rather than \""physical\""  he now says that god is waiting until october 21st to release all the chaos and whatnot \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"<propmale> out with <propfemale> cryan this morning, briefly saw <propfemale> distenfeld, babysat, awkwardly ran into people in wegmans (of course), and then acted kind of riddiculous in a public park with people who are used to it  smile "
"today, i somehow got into a conversation with the 8 year old i babysit about evolution, genetics, and the big bang theory  his younger brother came downstairs in the middle and, in the space of 5 minutes, told me that he loved me and \supposed\"" he liked me  \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,i think my youngest sister is going to grow up to be a stalker 
\if it makes you feel better," there's a man with a chinstrap over there \"" \"f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"i'm a strange, weird girl  i'm blunt, clumsy, and neurotic  i have odd, straightforward dreams and crazy ideas  i worry about becoming people who have hurt or angered me, and it scares me  \but if you're in my life with no intention to change me and without worrying about image, i want you to know that i love you  and if you love me enough to say more than criticism and empty advice, don't let me let you leave "
"there's never a wish better than this, when you've only got a hundred years to live "
being home has taught me that even stupid things like laundry and subdivisions can be entertaining if you add either a stupid dog or a sibling  love 
"best moment of my night, so far: my stepdad runs by as my sister and i are walking and says \hi girls! watch out for that creepy guy behind you!\"" \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"i had a really great adventures last night today with some people i love  but then we found out that i'm not getting any financial aid next semester  at all  so i'm probably going to be still paying off loans when i have grandkids, or at least a really really really old dog  \gah  i'm going to listen to the kooks and design my next tattoo until i feel better  i hope everybody else is good  playful "
i just swam in probably unhealthy water and i'm damn tired  finishing research for my internship that i saved until last minute and then passing out  internship tomorrow 
"so, we have to do an awful lot of paperwork for this summer internship thing      i forgot it was this much    is it going to be a late night? i think so  playful "
"today i had to e playful lain to <propfemale> that a) yes, my tattoo is still on my neck b) yes, its permanent, c) no, it will not go away even if i scrub it with water  kids these days  playful "
"the power has been out for the last several hours and just came back on    i spent a very dark few hours with my siblings, playing flashlight tag, telling stories, mostly successfully lighting candles, and talking in dark, scary voices about our neighbors with the loud generator  stupid suburbia "
appointment at strong tomorrow  i am not excited 
"i realized today that next month is the 12th anniversary of my diabetes diagnosis  wow   just wow  on the plus side, science has progressed enough that i can live this long and longer  on the negative, i need to finally get a handle on this  annoyed  \but overall, i'm thankful  smile "
"my weekend was pretty good: i had some adventures with <propfemale> marchand and <propfemale> tedesco  i went to tilt with <propfemale> hanley and had a gay guy tell me that he and i were the worst dancers in the club (definite, unsarcastic highlight of the night)  and i just finished talking with two people i miss about zombies and crack babies  internship tomorrow!"
"i'm extremely add today, which is making this whole internship thing hard   i've been swiveling in my chair from window to window for the last 20 minutes  oh mondays, you kill me "
"after a tough day being attacked by the kids i babysit, there's nothing better than being a suburban delinquent with <propfemale> schoeck, walking around talking loudly about atheism and rapping about creation with strange hand gestures   playful "
"more suburban delinquency tonight, but tomorrow i'm going to be a model teenage daughter in order to see some people i miss like the brat pack misses the 80s and polar bears will miss ice caps in a few decades       playful "
"the ny assembly just passed a <propmale> for gay marriage (for the fourth time   ) and if one more senator agrees to vote in favor of the <propmale>, we could actually have a, you know, equal standard for marriage in ny  unfortunately, the last senator would have to be a republican    \it's late and i'm spazzing about this   "
"it's kind of sad that the highlight of my day is now walking down my street at night, convincing my neighbors that <propfemale> schoeck and i are crazy as we talk about oedipus electra complexes, stupid english teachers, and analyze song lyrics  smile "
"i read this book once about norse fortune-telling that essentially said that you will always get what you <propfemale> when you least e playful ect it, so don't try to anticipate it  and they were right: everything <propmale>, good or bad, seems to occur when i e playful ected or at least considered the possibility of another result likely  \in more logical news, i went to darien lake today!"
"today, i thank my dad for my taste in music  for teaching me about planting flowers, and ice fishing  for giving me an appreciation of stories and beautiful places, and 50% of my crazy hair genes  in spite of everything, i've learned so much from him  \but i also thank my annoying siblings, who remind me that you don't have to have the same dad to love someone unconditionally   smile "
"i had an great day at my internship! i sent in a <propmale> proposal, toured supportive housing, walked around downtown rochester and survived in spite of my lack of city-involving skills, and to top it all off it was beautiful outside  even better, my mentor told me that i was one of the most self-sufficient best interns she's ever had!"
"having my insulin pump, which helps keep me alive, quit on me at 2 in the morning is not fun  being told by both fafsa and financial aid that my family can totally feed 6 people and pay my tuition without help is also not fun  \going to see friends? fun  knowing i'll see two people i miss very much in about a week? awesome  smile "
"today, i learned that having to fend off three children, each with some form of martial arts background, at once, without hurting them, is tough  there is a metaphor in there somewhere, probably \but it was a good day "
"i made banana pancakes for dinner while listening to <propfirst> johnson    even though he seemed to like them, this still lead to my brother running around the living room, throwing pillows at me as i tried to hit him with a dish towel  \they drive me crazy, but i love my family "
"i had a good day, but you know what would make it perfect? if the senate passed gay marriage tonight- they're voting!! \until the news comes, i'm going to <propfemale> out with one of my favorite people"
"i read today that before they finally agreed to legalize equal marriage, our senate also decided that now was a good time to increase tuition for suny and cuny schools  this bummed me out for a while, but then i decided that if i ever climb out of the dark, gaping hole of debt and become a millionaire, i am creating a scholarship in my name  the only criteria will be that the canidate must obsessively love books "
it's official (again): i am a caffeine addict  and my habit has me up at 3 in the morning listening to every song that comes to mind in a half-hearted attempt to calm myself down 
"my brother used to be afraid of mud  today, he showed me up by going on every ride at seabreeze and telling me that the name \screaming eagle\"" is a misnomer because the ride isn't scary enough to warrant screaming  \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"i had a great, slightly disturbing day with <propfemale> cryan (damn it <propfemale> i owe you money!!) <propfemale> distenfeld,  <propmale> wilfeard, and <propfemale>'s family  it got me ready to be back at brockport  smile \packing "
long island  laugh 
"i'm back from long island!!! i had an awesome time with <propfemale> distenfeld and her family, watching russian movies,swearing, swimming in the ocean, and being presented with hard evidence that everything can be turned into a dirty joke  everything \now, i'm waiting for my family to get home so i can e playful lain why i probably don't have a cell phone right now   "
my reward for helping clean a bunch of stuff today? the flashlight equivalent of a rape whistle to take back to brockport with me  thanks mom!!!
"i think the highlight of my day was a grilled cheese sandwich  why? because those things are awesome!\   i'm bored  who is free this week?"
"i just saw <propfemale> bachman's first presidential campaign video  in it, she says \i will not vote to increase the debt ceiling \""\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"breaking: <propfemale> hanley is alive  it's just hard for her to contact people when she's in poland going to mysterious \end of the world\"" presentations """
"the sleeping children downstairs make it hard for me to make coffee  and i want some coffee  \p s  <propfirst> green, amazon and <propfemale> miller kind of made my day today  smile "
"it's kind of sad that the most normal part of my night was seeing cars 2 with <propfemale> miller (which was actually a lot better than i e playful ected)  the rest of it was spent talking to my dog, because my house is creepy and quiet when no one else is home   playful "
"went to the corn hill fest with <propfemale> marchand and <propfemale> tedesco, then came home and researched  later, went and saw super 8, when i should have been researching  \damn you, procrastination  internship tomorrow "
"this morning, the copy machine at my internship decided that the best way to torture me was to misprint over 300 pages of a very important <propmale> for the ywca  \but coffee shops, walking, and movies with <propfemale> schoeck and company made demonic technological encounters totally worth it   smile "
"and now, a word from shayla annoyed \why don't you call daddy 'daddy'?\""\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"today, i tried to write a financial aid appeal  ten hours later, i have    not even a paragraph  some english major \but i found a bunch of music i didn't think i would like, but i do!!! that's good enough for me!"
"our entire house gets really weird whenever my mom goes on facebook  she's starts reading us statuses in which people have quoted piglet, discovers a new button, and freaks out over someone she knew in high school  playful  it's actually quite entertaining  \writing that damn appeal letter "
"finally finished the damn appeal letter! and then i analyzed a dream  it made me miss having obnoxious conversations in the dining halls \side note, i forgot the names of the dining halls for about 2 minutes  i can't wait to get back "
"my sister doesn't pronounce the \t\"" in peanuts", which is hilarious  my brother understands entry-level dirty jokes  and both of them are absolutely certain that the world will end in the next two years  i am pretty sure no other kids act like this  \f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,\i like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one falling <propfemale> to another till i drop  this is the night," what it does to you  i had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion \"" \"f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"just finished talking to two members of my aberrant brockport family: <propmale> marulanda, inevitably about sex, and <propfemale> cryan, who taught me how to sign \piss off\"" in asl  smile """
"i have amazing friends who devise ways to make me check out their butts, assure me that they would hit on me if they were lesbian, and make dirty jokes about fruit  a lot  \i'll see you all in a month  smile "
"my brother has just learned how to braid pieces of that plastic thread you use for boondogles, and he just gave me a super long one in brockport's colors for me to bring back to college with me  i have no idea what the hell i'm going to do with it, but this is probably the most adorable thing he has done for me   playful "
the thing i remembered most today is that she once said \i'm 87    that's a good," long life \"" and it was  \"f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"they're apparently releasing a third paranormal activity  why?\also, no "
"<propfemale> schoeck and i just found what is probably the only vin diesel movie without e playful losions  it was disappointing \probably changing my hair tomorrow "
"i read about this study today which says that you are the truest to yourself and the least susceptible to peer pressure between the ages of 8-10  \    i don't know about anyone else, but i was a pretty weird, spastic, socially awkward 8 year old  all i really did was read  i think my stepdad had me convinced that there were lepruchauns in our attic \stupid science "
"it's midnight, but i really want to drink buckets and buckets of coffee, to be followed by a crazy trip to walmart, and then end the night by sitting in a fountain \if you have no idea what i'm talking about , you really need to come to brockport "
"my mom just had to e playful lain to <propfemale> that humans, unlike birds, do not \lay\"" babies """
"today, i suceeded in teaching my dog a game where he chases my feet as i do the grapevine around the kitchen  this backfired on me when i tripped over the rug, hit my head against a chair, and he sat on me smugly    playful "
"the bad way to start off a night is to learn that a band you were practically raised on is playing in toronto, but the only way you can get there is by illegally sneaking over the border \the good way? hedgehogs  we may have a hedgehog soon  laugh "
"tonight i relived the 90s with <propfemale> marchand, <propfemale> tedesco, and <propfemale> gosnell  but i think the night was summarized by <propfemale>'s words as she drove me home annoyed \i just want you to know that i would never actually pull a lesbian move on you    unless we were both drunk and you consented!!\""\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"today, i made pancakes from scratch, which was kind of out-of-character  i also learned that you should never let someone you're mad at know what your favorite food is  bribery will ensue   playful "
"the 5 year old i babysat tonight informed me that he, his brain, his blankets, his stuffed moose, and the stuffed moose's hat all liked me  and my hair  \meanwhile, his brother asked me to define \comatose\"" \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"i think i may have figured out something today \but more importantly, i have a cell phone again! my number is still 585-797-8622, so please text me <propfirst> if you want to talk to me  smile "
"remember how we took those tests in 4th grade and they gave us purple construction paper, because purple is supposed to be a very calming color? well, in a moment of extreme internship computer stress today, i saw a guy walk by wearing what seemed to be purple striped pajamas, with matching purple flipflops and sunglasses  \it did not help   playful "
"i just fought off internship stress by skyping with <propmale> marulanda \me: \seriously"," another dirty joke? that's the third one in less than a minute!\""\"f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"going camping with three odd siblings, strange family friends, my parents, and our dog, who is still pretty convinced that rocks are edible  see you in 2 days \oh, and <propfemale> distenfeld is getting our hedgehog this weekend  smile "
"i drove through brockport this weekend- it looks exactly the same, but strangely empty  \i just need to sell my soul to one of the lovely <propfemale> companies that have been sending me letters, wait 18 days, and then i'll be back!\internship tomorrow "
"going to buffalo with <propfemale> schoeck tomorrow to look at colleges   which is weird, because not too long ago i was giving her every free t-shirt i ever got on a college tour so my decision wouldn't be influenced by the awesomeness of stuff you don't have to pay for   playful "
"as we were driving to buffalo today, i saw this huge black pickup truck with a bumper sticker that said \i'm not overcompensating \"" \",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,two weeks until i can talk about random stuff (odd fetishes! bacon! hooker names! etc!) with some of my favorite people in person   laugh 
"i realized today that i didn't really unpack when i got back from college    i just hid most of the boxes in the basement  \but i've found the silver lining: it makes me happy that i quite clearly do not have ocd "
letzes nacht war ficken verruckt 
e playful laining the science of thunderstorms to a 6-year old who thinks that lightening is going to hit her if she leaves the house gets you absolutely nowhere  damn kids 
"today was pretty good, but i'm willing to bet that tomorrow will be even better   laugh "
"seeing <propfemale> cryan and <propmale> marulanda today, combined with a very empty campus, make me very excited for next thursday  i guess i should probably start packing    "
"when my brother isn't being a little jerk, he's pretty god damn adorable "
babysitting ate my life  then it attacked its brother with a toy lightsaber 
"i just had my geek moment of the week when i found out that my non-western aesthetics course is focusing on japanese hip hop, tattoos, reggaeton, etc  i don't even listen to reggae, but i still danced around my house like a crazy person  yay <propfemale>!!!"
"\not philosophers but fretsawyers and stamp collectors compose the backbone of society \""\",f65d6d5ca0024de3b8e9ed8ebb9bd13e,"i'm not very good at this packing thing  \but, on the other hand, i don't have to babysit children with martial arts backgrounds for at least a month!!!  laugh "
"packed all day, and then spent my last night with <propfemale> tedesco, <propfemale> marchand, and <propfemale> gosnell  last-minute packing tomorrow  \it's weird though- last year this whole process felt a lot more significant  now, i just can't wait to get back to school   smile "
"the best thing about coming back to brockport is feeling like i never left  \the second best is having an honorary suitemate walk in and happily inform you that he is learning to speak austrailian   laugh "
"today i loudly sang disney songs with a random collection of people in our common room, met our sixth roomate (she's an exchange student from kuwait!), and made plans to break onto the mortimer roof  now, i'm in a perpetual caffeine high with <propfemale> distenfeld and <propfemale> cryan, which may in fact be a residual high  \in other words, i really really love this suite   laugh "
"danced in foam, and then went to see this stunningly wonderful, tasteful, and low-budget film called    conan the barbarian  i have never seen people dismembered and shit blown up more realistically   playful "
"classes start tomorrow, and i am actually excited because i don't have to get up until 9 and my first class is creative writing  i live a pretty good life  smile "
"my creative writing class was pretty awesome  my philosophy class was amazing  and my aesthetics professor threatened to separate my group twice-which shows nothing but promise for a great semester \and now a civil, non-critical phone conversation with my father? i like today a lot "
"my suitemates got me bells to put on my wrists so that i can finally understand just how much i use my hands when i talk  so far, it only makes me dance a lot "
"classes + fire alarm + stupid internet + walmart adventures = tired, confused maddy  \club craze tomorrow!!"
"i'm tired, i had a crazy day, and i'm dangerously low on caffeine  i apparently speak french with a japanese accent  my friend made me watch a movie about demons, and now i have to do homework before class in about 7 hours \but <propfemale> distenfeld and <propmale> marulanda are the best honorary siblings i could ask for  so its worth it "
"the good news: i don't have a headache, i survived watching a horror movie, and i now know a lot more about <propfemale> and colombian dances \the bad news: i acted riddiculously last night, and then promised my suitemates that they could mock me relentlessly today  the sooner they wake up, the sooner we can get this over with "
"i have been here a week, and i'm already having the weirdest conversations in this common room  \also, screw statistics: everyone here is crazy "
"tonight, we had a guy from <propfemale> sit with us in the common room as we discussed christian mythology and the weird traits of hedgehogs  when he left, he told us all that we were very smart \an hour before, i had watched these people shove the remnants of a meal into two empty soda bottles, while making an impressive number of related dirty jokes \you can fit a lot of stuff into a soda bottle "
"two of my suitemates, including the one who possibly has mono, seem to have disappeared  a third-the modest one-has happily informed me of her plan to join a bathing party in brevsk  i asked if this meant she would be naked in front of a bunch of people  she said she didn't know \i like living here "
i had a good day  that is all 
"i think the best part about coming home is judging how much my family missed me by the actions of my youngest siblings and my dog  the brother and the dog missed me; meanwhile, <propfemale> still refuses to put clothes on her barbies  \driving to the islands-area tomorrow  lots of homework in the car "
driving soon   i hope? be back sunday 
"it was a long weekend  good in some ways  bad in others  i had to say goodbye to the warmest person i knew, but i also saw people i missed a lot  then i came home and learned an austrailian drinking song  such is life  playful "
"i think the highlight of my day was being told that i can write a fairly decent beginning to a spy story in 10 minutes  also, writing a self-obituary in philosophy and including my fairly extensive knowledge of <propmale> swear words "
"tonight, i helped my suitemate cut her hair, watched tangled, stabbed myself in the foot with a thumbtack, and learned that the real message of <propfemale> is that you should marry men who show up at your door claiming to have items you forgot at a party   playful \i love my friends "
"two out of three of my classes were cancelled today- but they were two of my favorite classes  playful \hopefully writing tomorrow!"
"at the end of the day, there are some things that you can only do with your closest friends \p s  coca cola rice- a colombian dish- i can now make it  i think   smile "
"last night was weird  fun, but weird "
i'm going out to find something beautiful 
today was not my favorite 
"it seems that multiple times every year, i end up walking to trax in costume, completely sober, while drunk people yell at me   playful "
"try walking arm-in-arm with two other people when the one in the middle is demonstrating <propfemale> dancing steps  it's hard  \i had a good day "
"today, i learned that it is probably not a good idea to try out a tandem kayak for the first time with someone who has spent most of their life in a desert   but it was still a lot of fun "
"the best moment of today, after stressing over where i want to go study abroad and accursed statistics tests, was finally opening up the reviews of my creative writing submission    and having a bunch of my classmates tell me that they really liked my piece  \this is why i changed my <propmale>  laugh "
"today, i had a british girl ask me if i was crazy, and a gay guy insinuate that he wants to be the gay in mine and <propfemale> distenfeld's lives  then, he told us how we could become ordained ministers \then, we talked about e playful losions and plastic surgery in philosophy club  it was a good day "
