4e8c6fa41ec3592d126cfc04047e9a45
i hate cold weather    but i guess its fine 
this weekend was too short
had fun with emmily on her b-day 
put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? shovel ?
track sucked for me today    i'm not too happy with the results 
prom was really fun! i was all girly for a night!  laugh 
"life is just so complicated but pointless right now, it seems "
"though tiring, today was a good day   smile "
to those who have left ashland: i miss you guys so much and love ya'll lots  please come back and visit!  wink 
finally being home is interesting   
i really hate stupid people 
today was fun in dodge and class was actually pretty good  nice day all in all   smile 
"life wouldn't be interesting without its problems, would it?"
just love not being able to sleep and then getting on facebook to add crap i mostlikely don't need on my profile   wink 
went down to the creek today with <propfemale> butler and picked a ton of sandplums  scared to death by some ticks  tomorrow we'll make jelly out of them!
"had class today and rode horses  mya is doing really good and is learning to trot  i also rode <propfemale>, who was the shits but calmed down when she had a good run  i hope it rains tonight   wink "
"went riding horses out west on bluff creek with <propfemale> a little bit ago  when we were coming back, bre tells me to sit on mya's butt  god damn horse bucked me! i ended up wrapping myself around her neck to keep on  i got to cuss out both bre and mya  grr"
i don't think i'm ready for my senior year    ugh 
the only thing you can do is to keep trying 
"psych test not super hard, just really nerve racking   "
tonight was just another challenge for us lady jays; it was one of our best nights  thanks to all who came and supported us  that was really awesome 
rip <propfirst> sanders
psych is done!!! so happy cuz now i can have an easy semester  just have to get college alg out of the way   
got my act tomorrow  probably should go to sleep   
at dustyn's house    listening to them argue about thumb wars      smile 
there is a sliver of hope in this mess  i'm praying for my mother 
yay for snow days! awesome!
thanks for the happy birthdays everybody!
thank you to everybody who came to the funeral 
"fun day in dodge city with dustyn murphey, mia <propfirst>, and <propfemale> bech!"
what a busy week!
