429c5375de2d9dd7640c925204ce1f4a
hope everyone's 2010 is even better than their 2009 
has to treat her puppy for mange tomorrow   sad 
is about to live out the dream of her 15 year old self of seeing leftover crack at a venue 5 minutes away from her house 
"is queazy and sore thanks to dancing, antibiotics, and bus rides "
thinks watching <propfirst> <propfirst>'s black knight is a quality way to spend an evening 
is emotionally exhausted 
is going to punch someone from <propmale> auto-body in the throat 
is callin' old friends to make sure they're real   
"is eating split pea soup, and wishing she had people around to reenact the exorcist for "
"found la moustache to be confusing, but enjoyable "
so much for the afterglow 
is proud that enkidu finally learned to cock his leg!
thinks that pwning mortal kombat 4 is an excellent way to spend a day 
wishes she were a member of the rainbow family 
"got stung by a jellyfish this evening, made a hungarian horntail out of sand then ate a cup full of boiled peanuts  success!"
has been listening to lil' <propmale> too much 
is reading 'behold a pale horse'  creepy 
wants to join the circus 
"had on amazing day of ground scoring  two mushroom glasses, <propmale> potter, love letters written from duval correctional centers, oh and did i mention all the vinyl!? the doors, jimi hendrix, iron butterfly and more, all for free  hell yeah "
is ionizing and atomizing 
"\john <propmale> was a nazi \"""""
wishes her home computer hadn't crashed at the hands of 3 trojan horses  ahhhh!
computer is fixed  online traffic school all-nighter! woo!
will learn how to juggle and ride horses 
"neck brace, day 2 "
"insomnia strikes    surprise, surprise "
strait chillin 
is mentally punching two individuals in the face 
terrible horrible no good very bad day 
just gave enkidu his last mange treatment! woooo!
merrrrrrry christmas!!!! hope everyone got some slammin' gifts!
finds that her dog listens more attentively when spoken to with a christian bale impersonation 
whyyyyyyy did i schedule such awkwardly long break periods!?
"is questioning her sanity about going to a show at the warehouse when it will \feel like: 6 degrees\"" according to the weather """
"just another night, in south of cross creek "
wonders where all of her upper body strength has gone 
"the 10 of cups in my future, along with an 8 of cups (hah ), 9 of coins, and the most obvious 7 of coins ever  pretty excited about it "
"epic last nine tenths show = one crazy \family\"" reunion = one amazing night """
has had don't fear the reaper stuck in her head for 3 days now 
is about to eat krispy kreme donuts and take a hot chamomile bath after an ordinarily wonderful day  i am in love with my life 
wants to have a picnic 
is really excited about little debbies be my <propfirst> cakes season 
whole-heartedly thinks <propfirst> gompers was a jerk 
realized that jawbreaker's dear you is the current soundtrack of her life 
: who wants to go to the vagina monologues with me next week?
is pretty sure that part of her soul has been lost after a day of bulk shopping at bj's with <propfemale> 
"had an epic day in the wind and rain, complete with a dead car battery and a fiesty wet dog  it was awesome   smile "
is wondering why it's so damn hard to find a circus arts summer camp that allows 20 year olds!
is catchin' the city bus to school bright and early tomorrow  fabulous 
"is going to be relivin' her mysterious anarcho-punk days at against me! tomorrow night, woo!"
had one generally breath taking night 
"hopes that evgeni plushenko wins tonight, because she is hopelessly in love with him   smile "
"oh gal pals, picnics and puppies, what a wonderful day!"
never thought that anyone from the monkees would ever write something so relevant to her life as <propfirst> nesmith's different drum seems right now 
est la saveur de la semaine 
forgot how much sinus infections sucked 
couldn't be happier to be alive on such a wonderful day 
is watching night gallery with her big brother and is happy as a clam 
wants to play elaborate and potentially lethal practical jokes on swatchdogs and diet cokeheads 
"is annoyed, with no particular right to be "
is watching the <propfemale> and the frog and drinkin' a milkshake before a tomorrow of terror 
is a-ok with anesthesia   smile 
finds yard work extremely fulfilling   smile 
is spending the day at a horse farm! woo!
"best moment of my life candidate #1, sitting in my car as the first stopped by a train crossing in ludowici, ga screaming along with <propmale> petty's american girl at the top of my lungs with <propfirst> after a day of playing with dogs and horses  oh my lord "
who wants to go see of montreal in <propmale> with me on april 10???
is campaigning for yellow party all morning! vote! and get your free chicken sandwich as a result!
is sort of going insane 
almost tripped over a two dimensional sidewalk painting this morning 
is too tired for any of this mess 
<propfemale> white is hosting saturday night live on my birthday  best unintended gift to me ever 
"car trouble, car trouble go away, and don't come back another day "
is going for a historical stroll through evergreen cemetery with mama today   love 
this 20th century russia exam is gonna be the death of me 
"is slaughtering her last paper  <propfirst> f  babbitt, prepare to be annhilated, as you should be "
"summertime officially  no school till august, ooooh yeahhhh "
"is going for federal jury duty try-outs monday morning  hope i make the team, 40 dollars a day is not too shabby   smile "
had one deeply disturbing day 
it's magic time!!!
thank you everybody!!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
is investigating derby gear bargains 
 smile   love 
waiting waiting waiting  humbug 
all smiles 
"confuse, confusing, confused "
excitedddd about my new gameboy color and seeing <propfemale> <propfemale> vox tonight!
"but the cruelty's so predictable, crown my head with your lilting effects, project your fears onto me, i need to view them, see there's nothing to them "
rupaul makes me want to be a more generally fabulous person 
"got home to find out her rabbit died  rip <propfirst>, you were a fiesty one "
anyone from unf: when are we supposed to get our stinkin' book vouchers?
job interview at world market today  nervvvousss 
"why is it so hard to remember the things you need too, but so hard to forget the things you wish you could?"
i got the job! ahhh yeah!!
first day on the job  look out world [market] here i come!
"hello crazy school + work schedule, goodbye sweet social life "
"why is add drop only one week long? two weeks would give you a much more realistic view of what you're getting yourself into, and whether you can balance it   annoyed "
"i dropped my glasses when i was driving in avondale yesterday and bent down to get them, and then ran into a palmetto tree  sucks "
so sick of being stuck at home 
"read till 1 am, then napped woke back up at 3 am, just finished a book review and now i'm finishing my other crap ton of reading for the day  booo "
generally annoyed with my day   annoyed 
book revi-ewww  bleck
"just called somebody's 85 year old grandma to tell her that she had the wrong number for her birthday voicemail, i was thanked profusely  happy birthday to 31 year old <propfemale> where ever she is!"
who wants to to taking back the night with me tomorrow?
"finished one 5 <propfemale> paper, submitted 5 minutes before deadline, now i've got one more to go by 9 smile 0 tomorrow morning  going to brew some more coffee "
"puking my guts out, but still have to go take an exam and turn in a paper  blah "
home ground and brewed fair trade espresso  wonderful 
"wine tasting at world market regency today, gonna be a mad house "
"i am so sickkkk, i feel like i'm drowning "
"\it's pumpkininny!\"" and americans fall in love with the boy who makes faces like he can't believe what he just said """
oh  my  goodness  <propmale> samberg just played <propfirst> smith on snl  yes  yes  yesssss 
i'm done with fall semester 2010 and everything is turned in!!! yes!
extra scholarship money and of montreal    oh yeahhh it's gonna be a good week 
