ff072a144bd58cef350b4c11a03543ff
is wondering when <propfemale> hope is planning on giving up the whole stalking thing??? that's 5 now i believe smile 
is planning on having a good day 
"please pray  a co-worker of mine just found out her new granddaughter was born with a fatal form of brittle bone disease  she has maybe 2 months to live, and won't come home from the hospital at all  the whole family needs a lot of prayer  thanks "
is so excited to go running for the first time since being off crutches! yeah! this is going to hurt   
"east <propfemale> grill for lunch, homemade tamales for dinner   it's been a very good day  (if you like <propfemale>n food, this place is in fed  wy  and it's so good )"
feels very loved  thank you all for the birthday wishes!
"a young boy was just hit by a school bus in front of our church daycare  he is moving an arm, but we are hearing that the bus ran over his legs  he was on a bike, and didn't stop before going across the street  please pray for him  also, there were several people who saw it happen, including children waiting for the bus, so they will need prayer as well "
is officially addicted to genealogy research  i'm back 12 generations in some lines! we're talking early 1600's here  i'm having way too much fun with this 
"oh, my gosh! preschool <propfirst>'s party   enough said "
is in awe of god's hand  speechless   
"waiting to put the kids on the bus this morning, i ask aali if he wants to go to the movies after school today  we talk about what movie to see  he decides on skittles for a snack  i say i'll pick him up after school  he says, \okay  where are we going?\"" i stand in silence for a moment trying to figure out how he could have misunderstood this conversation   i had to smile   smiling is better than screaming """
is praying about how long to stay in romania  lots of decisions to make   
is reading a scary book and couldn't sleep well last night  the random phone call waking her at 3 smile 0am didn't help   grrrrrr 
"finds it funny that \shambo\"" supplies our paper products  couldn't ask for a more cheerful delivery!"""
"worry looks around, sorry looks back, faith looks up "
the most painful pinch i got today came from a 4-year-old girl  little stink- that hurt! i had a green sticker on my jacket!!!
praying for <propfemale> and family 
seattle sounders play tomorrow!!! woo hoo!!! get your scarves up!!!
it's a win!!! gooooo sounders!
"what a great weekend! drove out to the tulip fields, rad 80's party with friends and a successful palm sunday musical  busy, but oh so fun!!! now, i need a serious nap "
"looking down with longing eyes, mercy must have realized once his blood was sacrificed freedom would prevail  as the sky grew dark and the earth began to shake, with justice no longer in the way, mercy came running like a prisoner set free  past all my failures to the point of my need, when the sin that i carried was all i could see  and when i could not reach mercy, mercy came running to me!"
be joyful in every circumstance 
"when life gives you lemons, keep 'em cause, hey, free lemons!"
going to the mariner's game tonight  that means    thai <propfemale> curry! nummy!!! it also means they better win this one!
i'm so excited!!!!!!! less than a week till ziplining! yaaayyy!!!!
"needs a time-out  well, the good news is, in all likelihood, this day can only get better   "
"2 more days to sign up for the 5k free them fun run walk  this saturday morning, downtown seattle, at <propfemale> ministries  run or walk with us to fight against human trafficking! sign up at www worldconcern org"
"no, no, no   a knight in shining armor on a white horse   not an idiot in tin foil riding a llama! try try again   "
spent the weekend taking care of grandma in her last hours  glad her suffering is almost at an end  she's been so brave through it all 
thankful for rest  what a crazy week  so many blessings came out of such a difficult time  i love my family!
"do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by pray and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to god  and the peace of god, which trancends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in christ jesus  philippians 4:6-7"
anybody have a good book dvd suggestion for a small-group women's bible study?
"is wearing flip-flops, in hopes of sunshine  smile  things are looking promising!"
"random: aali and i were discussing important things last night, and we decided that if we were to ever own chickens as pets, we would name them, \kung pao\"" and \""nugget\""  --i love this kid """
"having a great time in romania! busy days, wonderful new people and lots of fun! thanks for all the prayers and support "
"we've seen nearly 500 patients in our first 3 days of clinics! i love being a pharmacist  smile  fast-paced and very interesting  i'm learning some new romanian as well  tomorrow is a much-needed day off  we're headed up to the citadel tonight and then back to watch the germany-spain match  time is going by so fast, i have to remember to stop and enjoy these moments "
"hot day moving, cleaning and hauling stuff around  we climbed way up into the wooded, muddy hills of a village to bring clothes, food and other items to a gypsey family  thought the mud would suck the shoes right off my feet! serious respect for people who live here and make the best of it, towing children up and down these steep mudslides every day "
so glad <propmale>'s home safe and sound from iraq  welcome home!!!
fun afternoon choosing cabinetry and hardware designs for my parents' new kitchen  so many options   countertops and flooring are next!
just purchased a ticket to romania! so exciting!
an afternoon at barnes and <propmale> does a person good 
"is off crutches   again, with only 3 days left till romania!! yay!"
"13 hours of aviation bliss   add to that airport and train, and i am finally in sighisoara! yay! thank you god!"
"another full day packing shoeboxes  can't help but love it  met with <propfirst> and relu for lunch at laslea  had a nice evening at the home of new friends, <propmale> and <propfemale>  <propfemale> used to live in <propmale>, so it was nice for both of us, having someone around from home "
this had been one of the best days of my life  it was just non-stop joy from the minute my feet hit the floor!
"another bright, shiny day in sighi   wink "
going to hotel transylvania for dinner!
"we are taking a day to rest, after a very busy, very productive week! we have distributed food clothing packs, installed a wood-burning stove, held a women's health clinic, packed over1000 shoeboxes and loaded unloaded countless items to give to various people organizations  god is an amazing provider  may he be glorifed always!"
"hospital in sighisoara now has a zero budget  they have nothing  no new supplies, no medications, not even soap for the nurses to wash their hands! the doctors are making only 100 pound a month! this is a scary reality that is spreading across romania  poverty is not the word for it   this is insane  how does the government e playful ect people to survive, especially the winter months, without a hospital???"
"unloaded another semi truck full of donations from n  ireland this morning  lots of good things  now, after tackling a load of hand-washed laundry, it's back to shoeboxes!"
off to the hospital in laslea to do some crafts with the patients 
you know you're in romania when: you can get $30 back in gas taxes if you own less than 5 pigs and 8 chickens  what!?
loaded a truck of donations and then built a doghouse this morning! now we're off to sapte noiembre and then soard to do outreach ministries 
"1,660 kids' shoeboxes, 146 family boxes, 300+ adult & elderly bags   and counting!!!"
"2,300"
so excited to spend the afternoon hiking tomorrow! should be grand! i can't believe the absolutely gorgeous weather we're having 
went hiking in the breite <propmale>  absolutely beautiful day  stunning views from the top ridge  perfect weather and gorgeous sunset! definitly time well-spent 
big scary spider with striped legs   dead! <propfemale> mouse in the door of the storage room   dead! bug bites all over me   24! i'm done- goodnight!!!
"just got to talk to my family on the phone  so nice to hear their voices! thanks, <propfemale>!  smile "
"thank you, o my father, for giving us your son, and leaving us your spirit till the work on earth is done  when i stand in <propfemale>, i will see his face  and there i'll serve my <propmale> forever, in that holy place "
"<propfemale>, <propfemale> and i went out for a day of walking the town  i love e playful loring new places  now, we're watching \mama mia!\"" tomorrow: more hiking!!!"""
"just went on one of the best hikes ever! 13th century castle ruins!! amazing views, including the fagaras mountains in the distance  incredible!"
"<propfirst> is off to mures, in search of a turkey and sweet potatoes  here's hoping he finds them!! we are going to attempt a romanian-irish-english-american thanksgiving! can you believe these people have never heard of cornbread???"
"happy thanksgiving!!! \give thanks with a greatful heart \"""""
success! my first thanksgiving away from home (and first that i cooked) went very well  everybody's full of turkey and stuffing   smile  lots of laughs and endless blessings  i'm thankful to god for bringing such lovely people into my life 
"good things that come from spending 2 long weeks with a rude, grumpy old man: i've had a lot of practice in <propfemale>, grace and just letting a lot of things go  and now, i appreciate the peace in this house all the more! a certain somebody is flying away home   laugh "
"spent the afternoon e playful loring the fortified city of medias  saw a beautiful old <propmale> church, went to a romanian history museum and then out to dinner "
went to see <propfirst> & <propfemale>'s new house this morning! they built it completely on their own  <propfemale> dug the foundation herself! they have a lot to be proud of  <propfirst> was praising god this morning in church (next to tears) for providing shelter for his family  these are unbelievably strong people  they have asked for nothing in assistance  we would like to reward their hard work with a new cook stove for their home 
"a lot has happened today, and we're only 1 2 way through! a house burnt all the way to the ground in tigmandru (they were smoking a pig in the attic!?), the men finished sealing up <propfirst>'s new house for the winter, we did 2 ministries at the laslea hospital and are now working on a last-minute set of gifts for a school in mulencrav "
yay! <propfemale> and andreea are coming to sighisoara this friday!!  laugh 
having a wonderful weekend with andreea and <propfemale>!!  smile  it's snowing again!
"andreea is gone, and i am sad   kiss ("
"shoeboxes to several schools this morning  some of these kids are in such a bad way,they didn't even have shoes in freezing weather  also, delivered family gift food parcels to <propmale> cel mare homes  a beautiful e playful erience to help in this way  wonderful to see little ones wrapped up warm and snuggly in new hats, scarves and blankets!"
"delivered christmas packages to sapte noiembrie  difficult to walk through these conditions, but so glad for the opportunity to share god's love with these forgotten people  i have never been so deep into the hills of these villages- it is heartbreaking "
we're nearly done! finished up all but 1 village with shoeboxes  completely done with food parcels and family packs  2 families will hopefully move into their new homes tomorrow!!! finished off a busy day with a bonfire and chicken curry   smile  god is good!!! i feel so blessed 
"we need prayer! 14-year-old boy is out of coma after attempting suicide  hospital says there is no room for him, though he says he'll try again if he is taken home  the boy's father is in germany and his mother is possessed  pray with her, and she goes into a demonic fit  the boy needs somewhere to go, where he can be safe "
"it is a whopping 15 degrees, and dropping!!! brrr   my toes are cold!"
"went up to 3 churches (protestant and catholic) at the citadel for an evening candle walk  we prayed and sang carols in four languages  the snow all around was beautiful! people came from all around, to worship together, which was even more beautiful "
"can't wait to get home, see loved ones and start feeling christmasy! the work here is done  it's been snowing for days on end  dinner with friends tonight, then it's time to pack up and move out!  smile  it's been such a blessing to spend the last couple of months in romania  there's a lot to miss and even more to be thankful for "
tired and very happy to be home  smile 
new windows phone!!!  laugh 
"it was a beautiful letdown, the day i knew, that all the riches of this world would never do    i don't belong here "
"oh, wow  thank you all so much for the birthday wishes!!! it's been  a good day "
"what are some things god did in your life when you dared to dream, e playful ect, listen and obey?"
"sitting at starbucks, drinking a free mocha, and brushing up on my romanian  a good way to spend a rainy afternoon   smile "
p f  <propfirst>'s  birthday lunch!!! yum yum!
"i just love aali & auntie date nights!!! he cracks me up every time!  wink  love, love, love this kid!"
"first trip to the dentist in over 6 years, and    no cavities!!  laugh  whoo!"
