72b8ffd5b8aa665cc1e241ddd1657754
going up to schweitzer tomorrow to negotiate a wedding contract! does anyone have e playful erience or advice to share on coordinating events at schweitzer?
has returned from oklahoma where the wind comes sweepin down the plain to spokane where it seems even the wind is frozen   it is supposed to get up to 25 for the weekend!
is a bit mystified as to how i used over 1000 cell minutes last month!?  i am going on cell phone diet so if you want to chat use email or im      or send me some cash to help pay my phone <propmale>  wink 
 love  new skiis!  love 
 love  first camping trip of the year!  love 
yesterday i bought brutus a <propfemale> harness and leash   today he got to go outside and he did so well!  i am a very proud <propfemale> mama 
"survived an amazing but rainfilled weekend at glacier national park   no grizzly sightings   only rumors, poop & tracks "
thinks swedish fish probably go better with white wine than red 
looking for whitewater raft rental (or borrow) in or around spokane this weekend   suggestions?
have raft will travel!
"the touch screen on my phone quit working, so if you are trying to text me i cannot get to my messages "
switched to verizon and lost all the contacts in my old phone):  i still have the same phone number   message me your <propfirst>     
"went to priest lake last weekend   saw a moose (twice), a coyote, & a couple deer (<propfemale> with spots too) on the way in but almost 0 wildlife while we were at the lake (this includes fish)   we did see a beautiful blue heron and a saint bernard    of course it was amazing regardless of the absence of fauna  love "
awww! thanks for the b-day wishes everyone  love  i had a fabulous evening being wined and dined wink 
"my mom is taking off to climb mount rainier, my brother is in the mountains of nepal, my sister and niece are on an epic road trip through the southwest    how did i get stuck scrubbing toilets?!"
"new helmet, new jacket, new skis    bring on the snow!"
"electron dynamite tonight (6ishpm) at the seaside (230 w riverside)   their fb <propfemale> says something about dancey synthetic pop and heavy new wave electronica   blah, blah, blah  really all you need to know is that they are like a cross between the beatles and <propfemale> spears "
first snow in the mountains smile 
"vote!!!  \don't let us loose <propmale>! she was right about the war in iraq, supports our troops, is a huge advocate for early childhood education and education in general  perfect? no, but definitely the better choice \rossi is big business and has been accused of crooked practices numerous times   we have voted against him several times   times have changed but rossi is the same crooked politician he always has been"
yay <propfemale>!  smile 
why don't cat food manufacturers come up with more logical flavors like squirrel or sparrow?
"i had forgotten how much i enjoy the eccentric, intoxicated, and just plain crazy people on <propmale> metro's #49; they make everyday life so much more interesting!"
i wonder how many people wish they could change they way they voted this november now that we have seen how the lack of tax revenues have affected the governor's budget   gregoire seemed close to tears when she presented the budget this week 
