d0adaaa74149a44b896989da1f434db8
haha <propfirst> lajoie and his music  playful 
hahaha asians rule!!!
"i made head lights for my rc ar, i forgot to put on the ohm rsistor and it blew up lol"
wats ur favorite soda? mine is dr  pepper    yummmmm
im warning you dont go to wowomg com im telling u this befor it gets to our school!!! dont do it!!! unless you want to lol
also dont goto lemonparty com
never ever go on googlehammer com!!! unless u really want to
my actual last name is wu but it changed during imigration from <propfemale>
my last name in chinese is ?
vote chinese or japanese!!!
happy new year!!!
hahaha i got  my mom to go on wowomg com!!!!!!
"haha i failed, my last name is actually <propfemale> my grandpa's acent got in the way, so my name is <propfirst> <propfemale> ?"
i think im going to the dmv to change my last name to <propfemale>
"finished making the headlights, made it out of 2 7000 mcd leds, 150ohm resistor,wire, and an on off swithch    now i have to make one for my dad!!!"
i cant find my other ohm resistor  surprise 
????? loves everyone!!!!!!
i'm sailor <propfemale> and i lost my leg!!!!!!
???
music sounds soooo much better in surround sound
"the hangover, im so buying that movie!!!"
"my escape plan if im about to be taken to jail    steal a car and flee to mexico find a fast boat, steal tons of gas and drive to <propfemale> work at a toy or soda factory and earn some money then steal another car, drive to africa and dump the car in the ocean buy a small shack and live there for the rest of my life eating grubs "
found the other ohm resistor
i never knew that smooth chriminal was a <propfirst> <propmale> song 
"i want some pocky, no i need some pocky!!!"
"cooking lobster in wine, salt, and garlic powder  smile "
oh gaw'd 4 smile 8 am i should sleep   
i just saw old dogs and saw gabi at the movies
i ate like 20 pickles and now i feel sick   sad 
oh gawd i gotz homework  sad 
i love bejeweled blitz too bad i suck at it  sad 
"i forgot what the name of the chipmunks are  there is <propmale>, <propmale>, and who else?"
what are the names of the girl chipmunks in the new <propmale> and the chipmunks movie?
wtf <propfirst> stop playing bejewled blitz give me a <propmale> haha
i love icecream!!!
put a banana in your ear - from <propfirst> the unicorn 2 lol
moby <propmale> is a sperm whale wtf!!!
omg i didn't know it was friday
"my cat just ate a rat  and i mean she ate it, i could hear the bones crunching as she beastly indigested the mutilated rat as it squealed and it's bones crunched under the powerful jaws of <propfemale>, my cat "
oh! <propfirst> gates! my kitten saving pal!!!
tomarrow: me + <propfirst> edman = mass distruction
"hahaha, im watching icarly"
hungry 4 a kit-kat bar
(if your wondering if i want you to) i want you to - weezer
"making an airplane all day, if anyone wanna talkie im me"
it's 3 surprise 2 and i still can't sleep 
"god, this airplane is hard to put the finishing touches on!"
might snowboard next week!!!  smile 
making french strawberry pie for my french class on friday  laugh 
it's comld here    brrr
back in cali and its raining    the snow was nice
good night °-°
my dad has to tell me when ever he is about to take a crap    now you know whaere i get it from 
ahhhh i hate algebra!!!!! ò_ó
cant think of anything to draw   
"today sucked, i was depressed half the day and almost cried   "
pie!!!!!
just bought minutes for my phone
biology sucks
"i laugh to much, lol sorry <propmale> for breaking your \vietnamese tradition\"""""
"i'm really bored, wanna talk or <propfemale> out tomorrow (714) 717-2490"
"we should make an \i hate <propfirst> bailey\"" group on facebook """
i'm gonna eat a worm tomorrow
is not mature and needs to grow up apparently 
yay i ate a worm!!!
"working tomorrow, i hope noone pushes me off a building "
well im going to bed    freakin cat haters i love cats!!!!
went to work at 6 am and got off at 12 and made $48  smile 
"going lobster hooping tonight, wish me luck"
ok im leaving to go fishin and lobster hoopin so i will get bored so if u wanna talk    7147172490
"i'm back, i caught 15 mackrel and used them as bait to catch 9 lobsters!!! haha  smile "
just ate a lobster that i caught and it was d-licious  playful 
"well my brother just got kicked out of the house so i wont be seeing him for a while and he stole my $50   what a fucking asshole, he is almost 19 and a total <propmale>"
i just ate 2 slices of cheese cake and it was delicious
anyone wanna go to knotts with me tomorrow?
"let me refrase that, does anyone want to goto knotts with me, you will get in for free  smile "
"i will be completely honest for 24 hours    you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get!"
holy shit asians are everywhere!!!!
heavy metal kittens attack!!!!!
scrubs is the best tv show on earth!!!
i want a schneider's skink
christmas <propfemale> is tomorrow  smile 
haha a kid got suspended for wearing a <propfemale> claus costume to school
some of these facebook apps are bullshit
i fixed my rc car  smile 
"anyone got any ideas for my rc car, like to turn it into a killing machine or just to make it look cool or something   "
<propfemale> christmas!!!
guess wat my rc car got ran over  smile  <propfemale> christmas   
"i feel lousy, but im going fishing tomorrow "
"i need helium and red ballons, i'm feeling spontanious because the song i just listened to cheered me up  smile "
i'm gonna watch the new american pie movie now
i wanna release 99 red balloons and watch them go one by one 
going fishin  smile  i love fishing!!!!
"i caught 3 mackrel, 12 croaker fish, and 1 sting <propfirst>   smile  good fishing trip!"
"me, myself, and <propfemale> was a good movie"
my cousins are coming over today!  smile 
needs needle nose pliers and a soldering iron
all i need now is a new chassis for my rc car   
"wtf, why do the strangest people call me at the most random of times   "
hobby people is still sold out of chassis nooooooo!!!!
made $35 replacing bricks in my front yard
licking one of those huge lollipops!!!
just wanted to let y'all kno that ive never seen glee
"im not allowed to bite my lollipop, my dad wants me too lick it till it is all finished"
this lollipop is amazing! 0 0
i hate facebook apps that send stuff to friends without asking
loves messing with random people on omegle
eating <propmale> n cheese with cookies
"need sleep but i can't, i should have pills for this or something "
omegle people fail they fail hard
making headlights for me and my dad's rc cars  smile 
"nothing rhymes with phantom, orange, or silver   "
"??? \you're everything i've wanted because your everything i'm not \"" ???"""
<propfirst> got a facebook  playful  haha my bestfriend
welcome to the jungle  smile 
everyone likes glee so i guess im gonna try it out
ima wierdo!!! super freak super freak im super freakey!!!!
hefty hefty hefty    whimpy whimpy whimpy
i need to hearn how to calculate voltage and ohms
<propfemale> nooooooo!!!!!!!
"if someone calls u grumpy reply, im happy fuck you!!!, then smile  smile "
its new years <propfemale>
kung-fu action jesus!!!!
soldering = fun  smile 
each of us has a desease and without it we wouldn't be able to learn 
"our \defects\"" are what make us unique and special """
"i have finished the extra-credit for my bio class, now im going to try and buy some new shoes"
"like the thousands of different lock combinations, there are thousands of different people  some harder to figure out than others "
how do people sleep whenever they want?
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, her name has a nice ring to it don't you agree?"
fishy fishy fishy  smile 
well    time for homework 
wtf  annoyed 
"anyone here an ride a unicycle? no just me, guess im special!  smile "
ni zao!
lol catsthatlooklikehitler com they have cats    that look like hitler!
unicycle    we need to start a unicycle gang lol so buy one and learn to ride it   
"ok guys watch this, no girls lol http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5z5jsro7378"
omg the guy who sings e = mc vagina and show me your genitals has a tv show lol
my mom hurt me  sad  lol then i laughed at her
"my mom called me gay, then said i like butthole   "
"my brother seems to hate me and the rest of my family, the only person he likes is his biological father who he only met twice  i've read what he wrote about us    it makes me sad "
"\when life gives you lemons throw them at e playful ensive cars \"""""
i love u all   laugh 
pocky pocky pocky!!! im getting me some pocky     laugh 
i bought some pocky   smile 
"haha pho was good, we had a fun time with a shopping cart and then i put it in someones bush    a lady came out and yelled at us lol"
i love you!  smile  pho is yummy by the way
i ? shopping carts!
shopping cart pushing should be a sport 
"i love my hair now, i looked in the mirror and it was shiny black!!!  smile "
nuts screws washers and bolts (inside joke)
"remembered when i got asked out by a girl, i said no but she didn't listen to me    i kept on saying no and thats when she told everyone i was dating her and i wasn't    not a good memory, she tried to kiss me so i avouided her until she moved to england  so it is ok now   smile "
"million <propmale> away, does that seem distant enough?"
i have the best ringtone on earth 
just saw koala bears having sex   
eggs and bacon  smile  actually i hate them both   sad 
anyone ever heard of the chocolate called flakies?
omfg its sunday!!!
"fixed my rc car again and added headlights, lol nerd"
<propfemale> tao said hi to me for the first time this year 
"<propfemale> tao wont stop stalking me, i saw her peeking though my window    scary"
gabi herrera gives dogs a big one if you kno wat i mean   
ate one of my dad's fish tacos and feels sick  playful 
"got some gloves, now i wont hurt my hands while climbing   "
tomorrow will be both hell and bliss   
lol gunther    his music is funny  laugh 
gunther is a pimp lol
nothing like a 13 hour rest 
im gonna follow you home and when your back is turned im going to   
i feel like popping balloons now   laugh 
"eating a huge bowl of cereal, i dont even know if this qualifies as a bowl   "
the most akward songs play at the strangest moments   
<propfemale>  love  and her silly conversations     smile 
lol now i know why that movie was called choke  smile 
got more minutes  laugh 
gonna watch <propmale> and the chipmunks the squeakuel  smile 
homework today  playful 
got a hair cut 
rule #2: double tap
the person who cut my hair only had one eye  wink  no joke
looking through my 6th grade yearbook 
nooo recess: schools out was on and i missed it!!!!
omg more rain!
i  love  puddles of water
found the song that summerized my 8th grade 
fell asleep and had the strangest dream   
"i just ate some spider crab eggs, they were delicious  smile "
"cleaned out a crab shell, i think im gonna bring it to school on tuesday "
i got 14 more days until i need a newyears resolution 
yay!!! i have basic algebra now  smile  and i got to keep biology  laugh 
"worked today and am working tomorrow, i wish i had a job that didnt require so much muscle  those tucker poles are heavy"
one day i want to eat a turtle   
"new shoes, and new laces"
"chinese new years resolutions:  1 ) get good grades  smile  2 ) get a six pack(good luck with that) 3 ) learn the way of the girl lol 4 ) get organized 5 ) make interesting things, like out of metal and stuff    6 ) complete the whole list"
i want to make a music video for bbn   
made a fromspring cuz im bored http annoyed  www formspring me woosam
tried spelling fac for facebook but spelled fuk instead   
ahhhh poke attack everyone start poking me!!!! ahhhhhhh!!!!
this rain ruins my social time   
"phone is out of minutes, and its raining"
mota!!!
just got an awesome ringtone lol its awesome
my house oddly smells like worms 
my laptop wont charge so im using my dads computer now
ima nerd cuhz im watchin naruto shippuden
hey!!!
"yoshi isn't a girl! yoshi is a guy who lays eggs  also birdo may look like a girl, but she is a he, in the super <propfirst> bros 2 instruction <propmale> it says birdo is a gender confused yoshi  birdo also lays eggs "
happy chinese new year!!! ni hao!!!
what to do tomorrow???
watching the lion <propmale>  smile 
"looks through list of people with 4 0s, *nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen, nguyen   *"
"what do i need, wd-40 just to open a jar of peanut-butter and jelly?"
eating pb&j straight out of the jar!
<propfirst> loves bmx and biology
applications that send notifications to all your friends are evil!!!
shutter island was the worst dumberst cunfusing movie i have seen in a long time 
"popped three bike tires today, getting another tomorrow "
there are a bunch of dead flies in my dads office room
"haha, 95 1% grade in biology, win for <propfirst>  <propfirst> you might as well pay me right now because i know that i'm going to beat you "
"we're guys, the majority of us don't have girlfriends and thats why we occupy our time by doing stupid things "
"i need more people to bmx with, too many people are busy and it's boring doing nothing "
happy pi day
"finished my bio lab, now onto math, then health, then not french  laugh , then to sleep "
chemistry next year  laugh 
"i can <propfemale> hop higher than you <propmale>!! haha, i'm better in every way now "
new phone  smile 
ate himself
"full spins on my g-turns!!! hell yea, now i need to go faster to fakie out   "
bought new bars and grips 
did my first feeble grind today and landed it on my second try 
"did double <propfemale>, feeble, and ice pick grinds today  smile "
i hate when people have nice bmx bikes and cant even <propfemale> hop
new drive-side hub guard! grinds on left and right   smile 
my butt hurts    
"who has spanish 1, and has the facebook <propfemale> assignment?"
who wants me to ride a unicycle to school tomorrow?
rain doesnt taste as good as i remembered
"ice cream soup, yum   "
<propmale> <propmale> is what <propmale> was talking about 
hit myself in the face while trying to juggle apples
gonna cut myself    a slice of cake 
"u better like these pedals <propfirst>, this is a pain in the ass to put together"
"my group hasn't started the english project for miss black, presentation is tomorrow   "
bike jam @ epicbmx today 
broke 3 spokes today   
i'm only 15    
gobble gobble gobble   
she's a pasta   
"i ate shit on my way home, my sweater was destroyed    haha, i'm stupid "
i'm surprised no one changed their profile picture to hamtaro yet   
i want to make a juice of apple and cranberry so that i could call it crapple juice 
"you can take the tourettes guy's juice, laundry detergent, and his napkins, but do not take his marshmallows "
"finished my shield for miss black, it looks like crap "
will anyone get mad if i paint my bike green and yellow?
"started priming the frame, so now my frame is white  a few more coats of primer tomorrow then i can start to spray it green "
finished painting!!! put the bike back together and it looks awesome  green frame and yellow bars 
