a385e92795c0a549c8bf64ee88c05974
happy happy new year evaone!
man i want this feeling 4eva
sooooooo bord rite now
times are hard now but its good i have someone to be with me thru it all
omg the word veggie patties is funny haha
why do people always e playful ect something n return when they do something 4 you? what ever happened to just doing things just because???
im tryin 2 find the light                                      damn i lost it again why oh why!?!
just becuzz i cant go 4 another round u call me chjicken wtf?????!!!
u sayy hey theyy think uu bestst friends       u kiss em theyy think its lloove      u f em they say here comess the weddiinng beeells        i jusst dont gget it !@#!
theeeeee nerrrve offfffff sooooome peooooplllle iii jjust dooont geet itt at aallll!!!
itsss realllly scarrey hooow thiingss inn ur past caan coome bback 22 haunnt uu inn thhee present
gossh whhy dooo i aaalwaays falll 4 thhe pretyyy booooyys       ii swwear itts a cruusse!
lovin the black eyed peas! !
its my b day today yaaaay
its sooo great when your dads a baker cuz u get all the cake you want!!!! so sweeet
thanks to everyoonne who wished me a happy bday you made even happier 4 me!! !! : )
i got that money in the bank yea <propmale>! lol
its crazzy how so damn lazzy somebody can be       just get off ur dam azz and do something! ! !
you know u fine as hell when u can make granny panties look sexy        thats wat he said any way lmao
its werid how it can be soooo cold outside but im so dam hooot      guesss its alll the love i got   ((( :
2 and 2 ima undress u 3 and 3 u gunna undress me 4 and 4 we gon freak sum more ! love love that song!
dang yo not again! i swear if another person forgets 2 knock the on the bathroom door ima go crazzzzy!!!!
how low can u go? i can go real low
damn damn damn ! plz stop snooooowing i really would like to leave my house b4 im dead!
gosh why does life have to be so damn hard???
its weird how u can be scared one minute and excited the next
eww its sooo creepy when guys ur dads age say they want 2 date u !
i wish i cud tell if somebody was lying its makin me crazzzzzi
listenin to lil waynes song comfortable lov it
"tellin my whole life wit his words,killin me softly wit his songggggg whoaaaa ohhh laa laa whooa"
*every thing i do is becuz i love u dearly*
"\have a baby by me baby be a millionarie\"" oh yes!  laugh """
god i just droped my dam food on the floor great!
":, ("
: ))))
has to say up all nite cant go to sleep at all let the race begin!
god never knew a person could be dis tired ! weeelll i stayed up all nite yay meeeee
"\1 its like a dream come true 2 just wanna be wit u 3 and its plain to see that ur the only one for me and 4 repeat steps one through three 5 mke ya fall in ove wit me if ever i believd my work here is done then i started back at one\"""""
todays moms bday dinner should be good
thank goodness 4 those lil girl scouts with out them their wuld be no thin mints in dis world            : )
just call on me if u need me         ill be there    o:
i told them lil kids not to touch themselfs there      but they wouldnt listen lol
i dont see nothin wrong wit alil bump n grind           
hahahaahahahahahahahahhahahahahahhahhhahahah
te amo masss!
just doing this stupid paper blah blah blah
it least i get to go out tomrw its about time !
never knew how easy it is to say i love u       
!i got u on my mind but others on the side!
god i saw old dogs and it sucked !
 laugh  smiles
may not be going back to school dis year soooo sad             not! hahaha
i like bananas!!!!
well im bout to go now bye bye***
i hate when u get really bored and stuff and like          yea
coffee is the best thing ever!!!!!!! sooooo hyper!!!!!!!
why cant i keep my mind on the most important one instead of the other foolish boytoys          damn
i take compliements put them in a bottle and save them for a later date
"*u have alll these people in ur life, but the one u want 2 be there the most cant be there*"
"sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored so sad :,("
yayyyyy
i love boo boo!!!
man i be hatin when people be takin things u say all the time and making it like yhey came up wit it ps me off
hates when its hot as hell and people wanna be all huggie huggie its like dam gett off me thats exactly wats going on now
<propfemale>! yay happy easter lol
peepz r gooood haha
lovin u is easy cause ur beautiful la la la la la
i lay beside u wit my head on ur chest so sweet         then i wake up dammit it was all a dddream
<propfemale> bored      watchin some madea movies good times
weekend was good had a great time (any time outta my house is a good time)ffffffml
!_u ask wat he does 4 me and i say its none of ur dammmn business_!
*i was wondering baby if i could make you my baby if we do the unthinkable would it make us look crazy or would it be so beauiful either way im saying if you ask me iim ready im ready*
ima prove to all the ones that said i wouldnt that ima do it hard and strong they gunna have to shit their mouths
thankful he calld <propfemale> he did
sooo not looking forward to july at all              sad 
if an angel came dwn 2 me ask me wat i would do diffrently i would say nothin u c i have loved someone truly
sooo glad this week is over
eatin chocolate mint icecream yumm!
just hoping wat ive done wont bite me in the butt in the future
i just wrote a song its freakin awsum
"<propfemale> not looking forwaard to next month :, ( really gonna miss him"
hes in total control and thats the way i like it
man a lighting bug came in my room and its like a mini light show  smile 
"\i could give u 25 reasons y im really in love wit u\"""""
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 100000741394661"
i dont need 2 look 4 anybody as long as i got u
get to go visit my grandpa 2mr yay! but gunna miss camp tho
i got so much on my mind        i dont know what to do
wishes there was a way to always tell if someones lying to u
man the drama thats been goin on has been crazy im jus glad i had him 2 tlk 2 about it
realy upset about this weekend
i just dnt understand sum things people say n do i dnt knw if i ever will
im really excited about wats goin 2 happen        fingers crossed
just need 2 let things flow have fun and stop being so serious
bord otta my mind someone should txt me hehe
only 2 more days till my life changes 4evaaaa!
never knew one thing u do could make u feel so amazing
my first day at <propfemale> was intresting and thats all ima say period 
omg im so tired     i wanna sleep 4 days     but ova <propmale> my wekend was gud
i fel so sick rite nw
really wish u were here
omg i was so hype but now im sooooo tired
well       2day was a pretty gud day : ) now sumones sleeeepy haha
looking 4 someone hmmmm
man wat is goin on wit my life its becoming fu@kd up
i hate bein on punishment it sucks so so bad
finally my internets back on thank gosh
wondering wat ima do 2nite hmmm
poke] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do [like] this status if you think i'm attractive  [message] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  [comment] on this if we had good memories   now lets see who's brave enough to copy this and put on their status!!
i love christmas time cuz i love to give n thats a part of wat its all about of course beesides jesus! ! !
so bord rite now somebody should message me hehe lol
the smallest things make my family happy its so cute
my <propfemale> doin stanky leg! ! !
moneys so amazing!
"so many questions i have, i need some <propmale> help sorting them all out, give me answers dammit!  annoyed "
well im geting offf nw got a bad headache gudnite evabody
some things you wish you had never found out
relized that you cant get mad at someone if u doin the exact same thing!
jus so tired of this bs     i hope the new year brings me better things cuz this year has been fucked up
i hate when u want something so bad but cant have it it sucks soooooooo much rite now
life is     wat u want it 2 be
waitin for my dad 2 get back so i can go out n chill
for some reason im tried     oh wait cud that be bc i stayed up so late last nite!!!
so happy i got a job now yaaay!
i need a way 2 control this feeling i have
"i hate goodbyes :,("
how do u trust someone whos broken ur heart b4?
dont u hate when you know someone like u but they try n act <propmale> distant that shit get on my nerves
i want it u want so come get it lol u know who u r
c r u s h yea i got one real bad
beep beep beep beep beep!!!
"i try n help evabody wit their problems, but when is someone gunna help me!"
must be nice  wink 
"i refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality     i believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word   ~martin <propmale> <propmale>, jr "
chillin bord hmu
guys can make u feel like ur on top of the world but then theres those who can make u feel the lowest of low
u rocked my world u know u did
really dont feel like going 2 this doctor ish        ugh!
gunna start working on bringing my abs back hopefully i can keep it up!
"mami you bi,                                                                                                  no im try, ill try anything haha"
i really dont understand anything i want anymore                 ugh!
in the mood for something hmmm       dont know wat it is
hoping to talk to them today      fingers crossed
im so sore i can hardly move !
slept half the day now i really need 2 find smethig productive 2 do
ugh     dont feel so good rite now
need 2 get this negativity outta my life and go back 2 being happy!
just finished watching <propfemale> n the frog i love that movie i know its alil kids movie but hey i like wat i like now im in the mood 2 chat wit someone hmu
lookin through my window it looks like a beautiful day but im not really in the mood 2 see 4 myself
feeling hella gud rite now it was about time to make some changes in my life
feeling so weird rite now about this situation i know wat i wanna do and wat iam gunnna do its just the matter of everything working out
dont listen 2 wat people say they dont know about bout u and me put it out ur mind cuz its jealousy     -<propfirst> b
watchin sum kat <propmale> funny stuff
soooo bord wanna tlk 2 my boy nico pannell rite about now but oh well
yayyy happy bday 2 me!!!
soooo f'in happy rite now my life is soooooooooo gud yayy
bord outta my mind watta day oh well still happy tho but its startin 2 run down
feelin gud now
im doin my thing every superbowl where i go in every once n awhile 2 c the score and how my teams doin then i walk rite back out i cant sit there and watch the whole game 2 short of an attention span  surprise  lol
if someone or sumthing makes u happy stick wit it no matter wat
im officially missin u  annoyed 
the things i do 4 u its crazy but a promise is a promise
whyyy?!?!
gosh so much is going through my head idk wats up wit it all or how to deal wit it all but i guess all i can do is take it one step at a time and get my life back 2gether
man why do i keep attracting dudes wit problems wtf theres seriously sumthin wrong there
"\dont talk about it boy be about it boy\"""""
hates when u want to eat sumthin but u cant hold anythin down      ugh     fml
ive really changed my mind about this and im stickin to it no matter wat
yea <propmale> !!! ugh      so bored hmu
feeling so happy rite now!!!
i changed my mind i dont love u no more
im so determined its not even funny
just ready to get my own life started alreadyy come on now!!!
