72c54d5dbffa85d4f16ec7fe8172ae51
slow rolling   bout 2 start da new year right
i was tryna tip toe    thin ice break easy      
my headache is finally gone     thanx!
im waiting patiently     but a man can only wait so long!
"collard greens, baked chicken, jiffy cornbread(the best), rice and gravy, and bread puddin    its chow time! \ we eating ova here why would i miss meals\"""""
"i had the craziest dream    couldnt even wake myself up from it,,just torture!"
dissapointed!!!!! was looking forward to a nice evening! bummer
bored on a friday! a need a life line!
i feel pretty good tonight     i was worried but i think i got the whole trust thing down    too bad i dont have ne friends     but i think tonight will be another torture night     lol    suck it up kirt    its ya fault
ugh   im so sick    its hot then its cold! damn global warming    make up ya mind   
"glad that dreadful conversation is ova      crazy day    police saved the day  lol, who woulda thought id b glad to c them    lmao"
if u aint cop the new weezy mixtape    no ceilings   wtf are u waiting 4! its the hottest one out! yayayayaya diggg!
"young or old, fine or bold  short or tall, ima always be 'dat nigga' 2 yall    and especially you!"
i slept on my arm all night   now i can barely move it without agonizing pain   it feels like its broke but its not    time to go c da doc    pain killers!
i think too big 4 dis little ass town     tryna make it 2 da <propfemale> or gump!
studied all night   almost but im ready for this history test finally     one of them! last night was crazy! kids are bad!
you dont know how much you appreciate something untill youre not able to appreciate it any more   damn im running out of ideas seems like nothing works     
ewhh  ham sandwhich aint shit witout cheese!
"no class in da morning    good>ima need all the rest i can get 4 this weekend! tonight,we're getting f**ked up!(dont u just love katt williams)ugh  umm- pause"
my bodys tired   long night last night!!
feel like im gettin sick   i need dat special healing
its whatever right now   guess ill just keep playin dis part till they fuck up    then ill have no more worries! a kuna <propfemale> tada!
i thought unique was just gettin old before i brought the new company over   nah she turned bak into the energizer bunny    pops is the best thing that happened to her   
woke up a lil sick and humiliated     lol the 2 dont mix like oil and water lol   hopefully tonights party will bring my spirit bak up   i kno it will lol!
october used to be my favorite month     but last month goin down in my book 4 the worst 31 days in my life    im calling it the cold 31 lol
"tryna get over ,get from under, and get out!"
"<propfemale> <propmale> <propmale> crawford!    wow, my momz really didnt know what she wanted to name me    lol! bless her heart"
i can be patient    i just escape the present and go to the future in my mind and daydream about whats to come    hopefully   time shows gratitude  
i would do anything for a bag of kennel popcorn right now! well almost anything     
i been sleep all day   i feel like i got the black plague    (well  not dat bad)
chilling   glad dr dixon lettin me make up two essays    praise god! this calls 4 a celebration   but whoever heard of a morning motel party     lol
"so i was in school walking down the hall and i saw dis chik and smiled at her    she said, \aww  u have a cute smile   i like your teeth \"" what the fuck! talk about a flashback     chikx are wierd   but gotta love em  """
omg i have the hugest headache   lastnight was crazy glad i dont have skool    thank u whoever started veterans day  and big ups 2 all da soldiers     
ill b spending da next 2 days alone     come bak home
so im thinkin bout changing my whole style up! im gonna try and do alil more hip-pop thing den hiphop   but i cant wear no fukkin skinny jeans   (gay)
"i was thinkin bout da time     one of my homies called me up like i got so drunk las nite i dont remember what happened   all i kno is my shorty had a bruise on her face and she took me home and was llike we through     \i think i knocked her the fuck out\"" lmao still"""
well thats all folks!
"i feel better then i ever been   harder den i ever been    i been wit her, his girl, and withnher next to kin! swag on 1,000,000,000,000"
i wish i wasnt in zombie land cuz i would love to c where my game at! ill wait    
happiness is a choice     
been having crazy dreams   do they mean anything? or r they just dreams    
bout to get paid them big bucks    optician wanted in <propfirst> glad i got e playful erience     
hope she dont think i jynxed her shouldve just waited till tonight!!!!!
damn    im really all alone down here   this place kills
wishing  hoping   & praying    
i can be so gullable at times     still cant believe dat shit!!!lol at me
couldnt enjoy the sunshine if there wasnt any rain    just wait'n on my sunshine  
money paul punani punani money money paul&mary      i want it in that order please!
when i lift my top lip i can still smell you!
who would of thought to get over someone u had to under someone    lol   
went to bed with  my head on straight woke up feeling alil confused   but just a lil! i still know what it is        i see the sun peekin over da clouds  lol ij
"everytime i wit dis chik we fuk act like we in a relationship   i love em   then leave em, den come bak and leave em again   yeaaa yeaaaa    (vice versa applies here)lol"
shit so easy can be so complicated    but now i do c where she coming from lol       y im stressin    
im on my high horse   please dont shoot me down  i land feet flat   and walk a million <propmale> with newjersey on my back!
want a hott trak put da kidd on it   trampoline flo  i just flip on it   runnin da game  like a sport  kill n e beat  but a few on   life support    (copywritten so dont copy me)
lmao everybody wanna block me now    i mean some aint got shit to do wit it! whats really good! damn
my sis want me to go to n c     hmmm  dont kno if i can handle dat again   might give it a try ne thing betta den eufaula aka zombie land
i had a feeling   now its gone   got another feeling dat its done!!!!we up in dis bitch get at me my dude   i feel u 100%    set it up  im already inside   she  she  she know it!lol (isj)
"you can give \a pass\"" and let someone else take \""ya shot\"" or you can take da shot ya self and score some points    or u can risk someone else takin ya shot   and catch \""a rebound\""    damn im deep!"""
every step i take forward some way some how someone or something causes me to get thrown fifty feet bak  how do i compete wit dat    its like dodging bullets  im not superman u kno!
nothing on my mind     strange
whay shaol neewk kae dep-full fejhea hewak! eht lleh gniog
easy come easy go   but damn i <propfemale> 1 let it go   never! and who got time to put ya period inside spaghetti    lmao   i never heard of dat     some people are so gullalbe to myths       
leavin da 24th       holla at ya boi   we gonna party like 2012 is for real       no regrets  no sorrow   no thinkin   just actin on impulse     u got it i want it   u feel it   i felt it   lets get   get get it!
im full    bout 2 watch sons of anarchy  cant sleep need some company         hit me up my peoples   u got da numba!holla ova n out! 1
shyt 4got my essay is due b4 break    no more fb>>>time for mw
is like ugh im eatin cheap hr food! and drinkin bootleg energy drinks    lol nething to quiet the stomach rumblings!
"i hate chikx who try to hard    its ugly! so take a hint, dont throw ya self at me   cuz ill let u fall!"
so many faces   but cant remember the names that go wit em    damn! my bad  
truth or dare     grown people play and take stuff wayyyyy to far   but its fun and hilarious     
thanksgiving holiday   time 2 eat  and drink! and drink some more! henny ill b dere dont go nowhere wit out me      
ready to party like a rock <propfemale>! party like a rock star  holiday weekend just started     flame on!!!!!!!!!!!!everyone be safe    
mmmhmm mmm good    it shouldve melted in my mouth not in your love(ly) lips  lol  only i get it  
mountains-rivers-hot coals  ill climb    ill swim through   ill walk on   to get to u!
gotta stay on my grown man   goin bak to jersey wednesday    its on and poppin   chillin wit nasti my big bro and mr hennessey! lets get get get it     !!!!
sometimes i feel like supa man other times i just feel like <propmale> <propmale>
feeling good   but at da same time a little worried im a lose to a nice a guy! i thought nice guys finished last   lol
people sure know how to fuck up my day                                 bad mood!
if u love something let it go!  if it comes back den its yours    if it doesnt den it was <propfemale> meant 4 u  
"idk how i fuck up   but i always find away 2   stubborn people  i, just gonna let it be what it is    whateva happens happens    fuck it   ill survive       hopefully!"
feeling alert and energized to damn early in da morning! (please excuse my french!)
its that time of da year 2 b thankful     ask urself what are u thankful for?
g i n  good intoxication for niggas!
there can only be one!
i dont even wanna say it cuz i wasnt da 1st    is dat childish   idc im mad    
long drive with a bak seat driver    oh lord! pray for me      bound for jersey
where da party at?!?    yall kno where to get up with me at!
wtf am i still doin here     im so stupid! well someone else is more stupid (no names)  <propfemale>!
how my mom not gonna cook on thanksgiving   im <propmale> over    dis is da worst holiday ever        but im thankful i get to be here    not really!
i just took a really big step     i feel shitty but its worth it at the end    everyone needs to be happy> even if it doesnt include me      (proud)!
i feel so sick     is it da liour or som'n else!
there goes my thanksgiving food    on the ground     thanks it was still good! 4 da most part    
feeling better      wooo! i need to stop and skip slowing down   my life is precious
whats good with white people and their cookin   are they scared to use season    the damn meal was bland    get me some soul food asap! (not all white people)just most of all white people    lol (get it)
bout to take a trip down da road   guess ill be bored to death driving without no ceilings     where da f88k is dayville neway    or is it daveville   sound like some country shyt
"zombie land getin da best of me! i really hate it everything about it   especially the people    got to make a fast getaway soon   time 2 bring out the \kirtness\""         (u me and dupree)-2 funny!"""
hmm debatin     smoke or drink     mary or paul   should i       need some guidance    one will put me to sleep and wake up in morn   da other can do da same   but its so depressin    maybe ill do both    im all alone ne way   so fuck it       right 
roll tide   rolled over dem tigers   now they just road kill        
ne one looking for a job   census is hiring part time   great money   hit up 334-578-2121    if dat numba is wrong hit me up and i got u! u welcome   
im so bored of da same jive turkey!!!!
pms    i call it periodical mood swings!
i did everything im doing everything   its still not enough       im still just second       im in  a race and im on a treadmill   wheres middle ground  cant stop wandering the worst  help me god! help me              
eyes hurt so bad but i cant fall asleep  so frustrated  hate it when my mind cant stop thinking and just start dreaming! ne1 got sleeping aids   (legal)
already taste dat sub    mhm  i look fresh   y not eat fresh!
no class 4 me    hope da day keep going as good as it s been   except for me gettin slapped in both of my eyes and almost crashing   its been pretty good    (wild'n)
ignored    i hate to be ignored  if i aint wanted trust n believe  ill bounce! it is what it is! my day always end bad wit you(we are not da same i am a marshian)
sons of anarchy pissed me off   dey betta come up wit a new season quick that was some straight bullshyt    im 38 hott! wtf!
talented with all hard talents   all my talents require i work extremely hard to be successful    so i gotta grind  it aint easy being me    so dont copy just watch me do me   
life aint sweet   lifes a bitch   so what life dont bring  dont stall   go out and get   hang around da same ass holes and get da same ol shit   set ya ladder high before you climb up   nothing last forever     dont deny it when ya times up!
"dont fight ya feelings   because u fear it could go wrong   and stop comparing ya life to artists love songs   this is your life, how will you ever kno what coulve been if u dont try at it now   we all fall down  just try and try and try again      we all are human  perfection is for god!"
i do what i do cuz dats what i does   its already done dat means i already did it   so dont tell me not to do it!
wall war!!!!   lol yall still im'n we off dat shyt  we on new shit   
she scared  she kno ima beast 4 real     u want it    ljust let me kno whats da deal!
she fight it so good! we all humans with da same needs and desires    i can make ya bed rock   i i i can make ya bed rock girl!!!!lol    i mean futone   lmao
welcome everybody in like a door mat   and youll get walked on by everybody like a door mat>>>>!
movie night     so many on at da same time    decisions>><<
is thinkin about what church im going to in da morning    or if im going at all      
was robbed of his last chance    literally!!!!!mind made up! im goin bak home!!!!!!nuttin here 4 me ne more!
some say lifes a gamble some say dat lifes a test   and im so contradicting   cuz i love life but i flirt wit death    hazard flosick(rising like air in a hiccup or hands in a stick up)
cowboys gonna make me make a personal trip and smak all dem mutha fukas   den of course im a run like im on fire    lol(dem some big mutha shhh)
full of excitment in my bigg head! some body come relieve me of this frustration   lol(insider)
headed to da future     come bak for da past lata    right now its all about da papa! damn tell someone ill be home home   and dey jump on my disco stick! lovin it! (idn  and uki)
god answers your prayers in 3 forms    wait  yes   or no!
10+    record breaka   i break records   
some people wanna use you  some want to get used by you      but its mostly people dat wanna use u! open ya eyes! (     )
vodka and grapefruit juice   ugghh    natsy   but it gets da point across  liqoured up(insider)
damn some time i need to keep my damn mouth shut   i take jokes too far   and joke about da wrong thing  dats always been my problem     i od on playin     oh well    lol    this is no ceilings   & fuk ya feelingz!(jk) i got u tatted(insider)
still up!cant sleep   neva can when i mess up! but on da real  im a soldier and a 5 <propfemale> general   i salute no1   and i dont look down on no1   cuz i keep my head level  if i did look down  my eyes would fall upon everyone    get at my altitude!(thin air!)
"waan waan waan waan waan waan! cry me a river ! flipped da tables on u! how u say it    oh yea\build a bridge and get ova it\"" lmao!   (undefeated)"""
looks like a good day to go party in dothan! clubbin 2nite    its been to long~~you cant wu-tang betta den me!(insider)
laz nite was too crazy    i m sleepin all day   ova n out   hola
omg i jus saved $546 by switchn to geico    lol im stupid
is eatn dis downsouth counrty neckbone   mmm i love being downsouff    
bored     bout to b messy(insider)
munching on dese pistachios   damn dey addicting!
cant go to sleep    christmas    presents    ahhh   wasnt it all good when u was young and didnt have to worry about buying presents   just receiving    lol
dont tell me stop doing what i already did    cuz its already done   move pass and leave it in da past! (brainfood)
damn <propfemale>! ya boyfriend a lamo and if you stick wit em yall in da same boat!
damn my profile pic from like 10th grade  lmao! time to upgrade seriously    
i been missin in action if u wondering y u been missing da action!
finals     (pray 4 me)
so glad im done wit school! now im bored to death stuck at da house! christmas need to come and go already!
treat em like dey is    bytches  hoes  sluts  tramps    whateva u call em dey aint good for nuttin but catchin a nutt! believe datt    fuck a bytch   (literally) den leave it at dat! dey all want ya money     lmao  be glad u get da good <propmale>
missin da real u! why u lettin niggas chnge u  u supposed to be my dogg! people change        damn! (fuckem)
champion!
"counting down the days   and i aint talking bout till christmas either    ready to get da hell up outta here      so when u see me running   dont ask \wheres the fire?\"""""
anything can be accomplished as long as you put your mind to it and as long as you believe in yourself   dont matter if da world doubts you  if u say it can be done then it can be done   where there's a will there is a way!
bored out of my mind! wher u at?
how i do it    i dont ngyu\\ ]
dos more days     adios mi amigos   hasta <propfemale> ego!!!!
success only lasts as long as u or someone messes it up    failure lasts forever!
so ready to go in       im in dis bytch  2010!
damn ! how come everytime my boys playin i dont never know     what kinda fan am i    o w we still whooped dat ass! let me call romo and congradulate em   (yea i got it like dat)   lol!
christmas taking too long to get here    im just ready for new years      i dont get wasted     i get dizzy on u lames!
fam comin in 2mins   so excited!lol     da crazzy bunch
no regrets!
<propfemale> christmas!!1
cant wait for 2010! go hard or go home!
whats good wit dis lil ass town   wher da bally at!! word up? nigga nerves real bad right now! (bad news)
people sure dont kno when to shut up! u kno i get mad quick! knock it off
gotta webcam get on woome com the fb for webcams
da best in da world        
"think about u all day, when i dont even kno u    ur just a picture on some paper dat makes everybody loco   but money be da root to all evil so its supposed to    "
i passed da blunt and it came right back to me    but i knoooo dat dis smoke is still runnin through me    i dont think ima ever oopen my eyes    my homeboy said why and i said cuz im higghhh im higghhh higghh
whats talent when it goes on unnoticed! theres a big difference between what is pricless and what is worthless!   procrastination is success greatest adversary   -hazardflosick!
"we takin over this year!!! we win , they loose! we celebrating , say cheers!"
"whatevers on ya mind,        speak boy!!"
aint been here a hour   and i hate it!  dont cry jer-z be bak soon!
lmao @ da world! i do what i wanna do and everyone else just does what they able to      2010  get off or get it in!!!
wtf is feboz  ne 1 kno    if its lame  let me kno b4 i waste my time makin a profile
stop sendin me dumb ass invites   wtf is fishville    im bout to start blockin muafuckas  lol
im f**kin done wit cigerettes     bak on my milds   
i am not tryna be stuck in this country land!!!!!ahhhh i w ill really walk   (play!)
something always going wrong with it     (insider)
this weekend! you all ready know    
so many chicks be letting dem selves go! damn! fix ya self girl
laz nite was 2 funny       i will smak a b***h!
just really pissed off ! like wtf r u serious     somebody's paranoid   but    i am mad far          (insider)
my money on the saints
my life is all i have!!
oovoo!
im on to the next one! asap
tonite!
is in the basement mixin up the medicine
jumbo jet!!!
so what! i dont give a fu%*
damn whats good wit all dis snow    nigga bout to head south on yall ass!
dont ever do something u start regretting b4 u even do it   
i give my hataz the middle finger and a koolaid smile smile       
fuck it! bout to get a bottle and drink by myself! catch me
good news is good news     im like x-tra x-tra   read all about it!
wacka flocka flame!!!!!   whatda fuckup withisname! lol
the tongue has power of life and death   and those who love it will eat its fruit   so watch what u say nigga  a fools lips invites a beaten while the wise man stays safe because he's quiet and understands silence is <propfemale> and takes heed to sound judgement    (deep!) be humble   as a butterfly
"sex,,money,,drugs,,and murder! manz greatest pleasure    what a shame!   are you living? or are you just existing??? (think about it)"
dreading this long ass bus ride i gotta take!!!
i really cant keep up wit all dese new sites  i swear its a new one every week   
back 4 a minute   today is second one    lol  get it!
taking care of bizness finally! but its only the beginning!
"boss on da table!! bring ya \a\"" game and xtra jokers        u gonna need em!!"""
okay so far we got 3 huge earthquakes around the world!!! my moneys on the us    thats where da next ones gonna hit   i think its safe to say 2012 gettin jump started    
i do what i wanna do   move how i wanna move  look at my back  no strings attached!
i do what i wanna do   move how i wanna move  look at my back  no strings attached!
okay   [serious note] its 2010  if u gay be gay  i aint seen so many niggas trapped in da closet since r kelly   its cool wit society now u aint gotta hide   just dont give me ne looks  its cool wit society not me!
it aint always what u kno   sometimes its who u kno!!it aint always what u say  its how u say it    not always where u at   (who gives a fuck)   its where you goin!!
you think u got da perfect chik   well u just dont kno her yet   
moneys the root to all evil   but human emotion is the root to all sin     pride is not power!
women are strange beautiful mysterious creatures   but creatures none the less   oh  i still love yall!
<propfirst> u wrong!! only can blame my self this time    alcohol or no alcohol    but its a lesson learned   when u on da bottom only one way to go!!
"friends   even best friends, come and go! but ya niggas stand by u 4eva!"
uhhhhhhh     cant sleep  feelin restless     (thankyou for smoking)>>usa
its my money and i want it now!!! memeories lmao! u crazii  [me(between)u aka insider! ]
it takes time to build a reputation   but only a moment to destroy it!!!
damn   everyone gonna be wild'n on spring break but me    lol   aint it funny how da future can be altered         im a take time to reflect today  
i dont care how corny u think it is       i couldnt draw a line finer! hypnotized in a moment     i got to get some of dat if its da last thing i do! (insider)me_u
dont share ya body wit no body not even a finger    i swear to *** ill cut it off and let him keep it    think im playing!! ask da chik wit 9fingers     inside ha
ughh i hate the flu    someone pray for me!! ne 1
we smoke more den 4 quarters  call it sudden death!!
i just did my homework   smokin marijuana helps the flu symtoms   it lowers the body tempature   (bye bye fever) stops the body aches(hello mello) and it helps u sleep better           score: weed- 1 flu-0
pissed off     no! im pissin on   
somebody always in some1 elses bizness    tryna change what it is    silence--
the world is my door mat   just something i wipe my feet on to get all the dirt off b4 i go home   
your flaws design your beauty!!
"alot of shit can go wrong in life    but like everything else dat goes wrong in life   this too, shall come to pass!!"
nigga who r u   im a big dawg   u just skooby doo   scared to scratch a tick off!
yea she on numba 4    oviosly the <propfirst> before it wasnt bout shit   duh   in sida   (damn   i wanna comment dat shyt so bad)  lmao!
i kill beats in any mind-state    my tongues the murder capitol   
thinkin of a master plant! mary      mary    
supernatural
she told me not to tell her bizness   dats what da fuck i get for sharing info    women!
she fallin in the friend zone   soon as i take off  im gone  smile   lol have a coke and a smile
<propfemale> give a female a dollar  not a cent  <propfemale> pay a hooker shit   mary <propfemale> the only bitch dat i pay to hit    
wow that was so une playful ected   glad it happened but not glad it happend   i needed dat release  lol   who says dat>?
sometimes i feel like humans and i are not the same species   im a mutha fukkin alien!
knock-knock  who is it?   hello money! i been e playful ecting u   come on in    
trust  u dont fuck wit me   ill bring guns  and my guns'll bring company   
"lmao @ weezy chronicles    please if u have 8 <propfemale>  to spare go to utube and check out    \tha weezy chronicles pt 1\""          >>>hilarious"""
money makes me happy  money makes me smile   but dats only when da moneys around   money makes me sad    money makes me frown    money picks me up   but it also puts me down        cuz money makes da world go round n round   & my world stops when moneys not in town!! -- (haz)
i havent been on fb dis much since the last time i was down here     smh
u can write  what u wanna   u can talk all u like  i dont care what u say about me    im getting paid   im gettin paid   making trips bak n forth to da bank  u can write  what u wanna   u can talk all u like  i dont care what u say about me  im gettin paid   im gettin paid   so y would i care what u think       smile 
what to do??? so many options      
just woke up!
laz nite was   didnt end to good tho   i swear is it me or do she pick fights wit me everytime im dere    if he make u mad take it out on him dont get big and bad on da helper     wonder y i dont c yall often   *bullshyt*
time to get started  busy day ahead of me
lunch break! feels good to have one of these again  lol
u cant cheat on a girlfriend if shes just a girl-friend   i been lookin at thingz all wrong   
"if u aint rockin polo <\who cares!!!\"">"""
"\gimme\"" got shot!    \""i want\""been dead! dont come around here wit a open hand!     -haz"""
<propmale> over! ugghhhh
bout to drop da next club banga      everybody got a deal  ill do it without one!
lauging out loud in ya face     laughing out loud all day   hatas gonna hate on me  but i dont giv a damn what dey say      haaaaa hahahahahaaaa ha ha!
all my puppies are dead     nooooooooo! but yessssssssss! stress free
im tryna think what to do   leave stay leave stay    i got some things lined up on both ends    damn   which is da better investment!
yo im done wit dese lame corny ass bitches      everybody fallin in love afta a week     like bitch fallbak   u dont even kno me   curse my good looks and humor   lmao!!!!!! (swollen)
mind made up! have a spliff and abottle of henny black wait n on me   u know who u are
do i believe that?
watching me is like watching history in the making and watching ya boring ass is like da history station     hazflosick
so much trapped in my head       i need to find inspiration
play games    what will u do when we're both gone! (bipolar toward the situation)
if i had one wish     i would wish i didnt have one wish at all!
"no rewinding, never stopping, cuz im only moving forward  no pausing either, only option left is to record it        hazflosick"
dyin for a quality mic  quality sound  quality quality quality   dis g**damn cpu mic not gettin it!
whose goin to da gump 2day   i need dat ride! shout me a holla
dreadin this 18 hour drive i gotta do in themorning all by my lonesome   well me and my bitch
y do i always make plans when nothing ever go as planned   o i dont  i just tell u that so u stay off my bak   but i got dis
lets get it in!
l i f e>>> living in fear everyday what the critics gonna say when i get airplay!
its fine u need to someone to point a finger at! im so used to it
i can do bad all by myself        imagine two of us!
"smokin crack, and lovin my life  holla at me if u want that crack rock <propmale> bitchez!\feels so good to be free!"
all things come to pass    everything fades away! nothing is forever
divided in half
__________ is always on my mind!
on my mind just always lost in time
i hate liars   and i hate people naive enought to believe em          lmao! get off
time for my poker face!
i dont give a damn!
if i pull ya card u dont get it bak!!!
everything is good! now dat ur bakkkk
time is forever waiting                 
only god can judge me!  and i dont even like him doing it!
whats on your mind!
pathological liar    she cant help its a disease
wtf!!!! damn it was just gettin good!
"gotta get  get it   good  get it? \got it\"" \""good!\"""""
football tomorrow!!!!!meeting up at maybie playground    !! 
"i dont give a damn if u like me! what u doing for me? \but u betta respect me!"
you will always hear me! u cant help that    but its up to you to choose to listen!   -hazflosick
"there is no future! only a past and present  tomorrow never comes   i always awake in the present    hoping for a future which will never come to pass    and tryna leave a past that is always catching up 2 fast!                (think about it)\-hazflosick"
shout out to my niggas   dan and lamont   they go hard in the muthafukin paint ! where was i ? hilarious   >insider<
<propmale> how wil l u know hat eme
spontaneous! unpredictable! thats me! *bam!!!*didn't see dat one cuming did u  lol
lmao! maybe i thought i was at a wedding! rice?
<propmale> songz album release party    bottoms up!
"play wit fire and chances always are u get burned  \so ask ya self now, \ do i wanna play wit fire???\"""""
yurrrrrrrrrrrr!
women are cats! they shit too   they just cover it up!!
"rock \n\"" a mohizzy"""
now what???
word is bond     bak on da road in a hr    
911!!
who dat     ion kno! ghetto fab
im serving a life sentence in hell!
<propfemale> christmas
damn  y dont i just call     cant think about nothing else????
"look at me  yea, now hold that thought while i shoot it down  who gives a f**#! what u think!"
too funny   u have no friends
forget them!
niggas stealing! please let me catch em  please!   please!
dentist! root canal! aaaaahhh
"lights, camera, action    [>r<]"
"wow      he gone now dis nigga> yea i heard u good- but aint no one as bad as me-get em all, line em up, compare em- no one matches me!  (datnigga) [>r<]"
omg!!! geeeeeeeeeeeetttttt the fuck outta here!!! im gellin off everyone    
cowboys will be there next year   
cant sleep!
freeziing! fuck friends
kougar klub
ima kougar kub
done wit dem all!
i swear some people have no integrity !!
