727756da93354a3066f0f7c9776615c0
"deep calls to deep; god is so faithful, how deep am i willing to go? i hope all the way he is my anchor and ever present help"
some of these quizzes allow us to look at ourselves through <propfemale> colored glasses; what do you think?
"remember that saying \what's love got to do with it\"" everything!!!!!!"""
"hey guys just a heads up; my mom broke her foot today, and is in need of prayer  please rememember her today  thanks"
today i'm trading my sorrow for the joy of the lord
"\to be rooted and grounded in love   to appprehend what the breadth and length and height and depth are  and to know the knowledge-surpassing love of christ\"" this has been my prayer  iam seeking god for my self and i will pray for anyone else who wants to walk in the fullness of his love    and to be set free from anything that would hinder this from coming to pass  god bless you all """
bored out of my skull 
has anyone had a day were they just needed to be loved on?
"the past 5 days have been something else, i'm glad thier over  been doing a lot of praying and interceeding, did i miss it god? was i completely off my rocker? i put it in your hands  only you know "
"this is whats on my mind: how old am i?, i'm sitting or rather standing there doing dishes and getting my freak-groove or what ever you want to call it to of all things \ push it \""  tell me i'm not the only one out there who likes this song  and of cource lets not forget \"" good vibrations \"" <propfirst>y <propfirst>    does any one remember solid gold? or the fly girls?"""
"i've been convicted this past week on god's daily message, thanks to pastor <propfemale> i have to agree it's completely wrong  what it is, is a horoscope with a \christian\"" spin pinned on it  i will no longer subcribe  but dont take my word on it pray and ask the holy spirit he will tell you """
"i'm lonely, my best <propmale> is in school,and my cousin doesn't talk to me anymore  maybe i just need to go outside and play with my sweetheart "
"omg!!!!   can you believe my boy just graduated?!! i'm such a proud mama, have one that just finished high school, one going into high school, and one next year that will start kindergarten   i'm a very blessed woman "
"hey, everybody so sorry i missed you  thank you everyone who wish me a happy b-day  i was on a break from my computer  needed to reconect with jesus  love you all!!!!"
omg i cant believe this mom photographed her baby doing this: http annoyed  tinyurl com disgusting-baby-photo
"is it me or is every christian believer (especially intercessors) under severe attack    emotionally, mentaly, physicaly? there is a war going on in the heavenlies right now  we need to take the offensive and put the enemy back in his place  \we have been made more than conqueres\"" we (me) need to take up the sword of the spirit and fight the good fight of faith """
"everyone should take this quiz \enneagram personality style\"""""
"jesus, name above all names ,come and fill my cup  i'm thirsty  take to your river and wash me with your pure water  take my heart of stone and give me your heart of flesh, put your spirit in me  for you are me god , i will forever praise you  ineed you today( everyday)  wash over me father  thank you that you always hear me "
"well shake it up baby!!!!! twist and shout, come on come on baby now !!!!! you know you twist so fine!!!!, come and twist a little closer and let me know that you're mine!!!!!"
what color are your eyes? -- my result: brown eyes   http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 727206 referrals status?aid=1138214335
help my boy is 18!!! thinks he can do and knows everything      sad 
enneagram personality style -- my result: type 4  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 592118 referrals status?aid=1138214335
lonely
"yesterday was mine & my hubby's 15th wedding aniversary  he surpised me by having 15 long-stemmed roses delivered to the house  wow i am blessed to have this man as my husband  not just because of the roses, but more by the little things of everyday life   my favorite are the phone calls, when he is at work he calls just to tell me he loves me "
thanks to <propfemale> <propmale> for sending me angels  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com angels-beeghh home?tv3=mkvsygyafogswdwcksrahyugk020ahk8bks%3d
i'm in need of prayer     thank you 
"girly girls come from new york, sweet girls from texas, but we michigan girls have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride a 4-wheeler, be a <propfemale>, throw a left hook, fish and hunt with the boys, bake a cake, love and live with a passion, and, if we have an opinion, you're gonna hear it! repost if you are a michigan girl \8 hours ago · comment ·likeunlike \write a comment   "
