7a9342880b8f22af6683cfd6de409c17
doesn't have nearly enough time for fb   must get to work on registering for school and getting finances ready   must play with my children more   must make time for hubby   must   i don't have time for all the musts   i'm beginning to feel very musty!
"thinks that she has the greatest friends in the world for making a mature, fluffy lady feel special (one of my goals in my old age is to be more kind to myself, so i didn't say i was old or fat!)   i've concluded that getting older isn't quite so bad due "
"is feeling very alone in the world   just when i was beginning to trust just a little, another huge smack down   guess it's time to dust myself off and smack back   maybe once i stop crying   "
"is looking forward, with trepidation, to the next couple days of gibbs family reunion at my house   from grandma & grandpa down to great-grandkids, there will be 25 us together   should be fun - in a dysfunctional family thanksgiving kind of way ;o)"
"is feeling very collegiate   took my first computer training course this morning at byu and got my student id   as long as i pay tuition, i'm a full fledged student   how scary!!!"
is home from 2nd callbacks   oh so hopeful - but oh so much talent there!
is in <propfirst> visiting the folks   sad that this is their last summer here and our last trip to see them   but happy that my kids have been able to spend so much time with them through the years!
cannot contain her exuberance any longer!  yippeeeeeee!!!!!!
"can now officially be over-the-moon with joy that not only she, but also her hubby was cast in curtains!!!  don't anybody pinch me - i like this dream!"
"just got home from \hello dolly\"" with her family   it's so fun to share great theatre with my kids and have them love it too   what a very lovely evening!"""
"is sitting in the hospital waiting for her hubby to get out of minor surgery   the hope is the surgeon can make him less of a butt hole   butt, only time will tell "
"just updated hubby's fb status   out of surgery, the doctor says everything went very well   he assured me that he did what he could to help him not be such a pain in the butt   well, at least <propfirst> has lortab to help the pain in his butt!"
just got home from <propfemale> and <propfemale>   maybe blogging about performing and cooking are my calling   that's it   <propfemale> and <propfemale> will save me!!!
is home from shakespeare and sad to get back to real life   big thanks to <propfirst> and <propfemale> for their b&b   lovely music rehearsal last night with <propfemale> and <propfirst> - wow!  curtains is going to be such fun!  wishing kids didn't have to stress over school   wishing <propfirst> a happy birthday!!!
"is beaming!!!  my tuition has been paid, my books have been purchased, my uta pass is in my wallet and i'm ready to be college student again   rehearsal for curtains was a blast   being surrounded by such incredible talent and <propfirst> bearing his testimony of musical theatre is almost more joy than i can bear in one day!!! and to top it off, <propfemale> is gleefully chirping about how great her day was at school!  woo hoo!!"
"is so excited that she was able to use the sentence \the prevalent loquacious syntax could have been composed more succinctly\"" in her history article review """
"not ready for a full week of family, school, and tech!  what was i thinking when i said yes to everything?  oh wait   i wasn't   too late now, guess i'd better just enjoy the ride!   wheeeeeee!!!!"
"is at home, not feeling tremendous, with a mound of red goo on her head   i sure hope it ends up as the same shade as my wig!  unfortunately, it looks like my scalp may be fire engine red as well   should be interesting to see the outcome   "
is still feeling physically crummy   but thrilled for in-laws <propmale> & <propfemale> and their new baby   you two are so incredible   i hope <propfirst> knows how blessed she and her baby are to find such wonderful parents!  congratulations to each of you   our prayers are with you all!
"just woke up and can't move   even more amazed at all of the incredible ensemble folks who do 17x the amount of work i do and were still upright when we finally ended rehearsal at 10pm   kudos especially to <propfirst> and <propfirst>   what an amazingly talented cast!  it's an honor to be on the same stage with each and every one of you!  wow!  i mean, wow!"
is reallly proud of her daughter   it takes a lot of hutzpa to tell your mom that your best friend is considering suicide   glad that she told me and that we were able to talk to her best friend and her mother   just hope that it really did help   btw - don't be posting regarding this to <propfemale>'s fb wall   her friend will be seeing her wall   just don't want to rock that boat right now!
is miserable   why must a cold end up in sinus headache and cough?  hope i don't share my good times with anyone else   staying away from class so the rest of campus can remain healthy!
"didn't realize there would be tests at the testing center when i registered for college   test in the morning, performances of curtains later   i think i'll take the afternoon and evening events, thank you!"
is wondering why professors ask you to take tests electronically and the website doesn't work the way he said it would   just sayin   
ok-enough already with the flu   whose great idea was this anyway!
"thinks that if you have the flu and feel like dying for almost two weeks, that when you feel better you shouldn't have to make up work or school that you've missed   can't the world just continue and there's no need to catch up when you rejoin?  just wishing   "
"why is it that when i'm feeling well and need to get to sleep because there is so much to do, the hamster on the wheel in my mind will not stop running   i keep trying to catch the dang critter, but there's always more running   running   runn   too bad it's only my mind and not my body that keeps doing this!"
wishes that her body clock would just decide that it was ok to get to sleep before 3 smile 0 a m 
wishes that life could just be easy and that it wasn't necessary to worry and hurt for your children 
sometimes life just sucks!
"just when things look very bleak, good friends say and do things to help you regain faith and realize that life isn't about always being happy, it's about enjoying friendship and love through the pain   and realizing that everyone has a \life sucks\"" kinda day every so often makes it a good idea to help someone else's day better """
today i am thankful for having the money to buy wonderful ingredients to make korean food for my family 
"is grateful for wonderful piano teachers that are more than piano teachers   and on top of that, she is so understanding!"
"today i am thankful to live in a country where our freedom has been purchased with the lives of so many who have served honorably, with valor, and often given their own peace of mind so that we may have peace   may we as americans pay more than lip service to those who have been and are willing to not only die for their country, but also live for it!"
"is very quickly, but very deeply grateful for having such an amazing, wonderful talented daughter   she accompanied \the prayer\"" in last night's veteran's day concert at the huntsman center and did a fantastic job (even if she was really nervous)   and her talent is one of the least of her best qualities   i'm thankful to have a daughter who is beautiful inside and out and all around!"""
"i am grateful for cars that are running well (quick, knock on wood) and get us where we need to go, even if we put a lot of <propmale> on them!"
"thinks that deep cleaning the house for the holidays and then having lots of people over just to mess it up doesn't make much sense   but i don't think i have much sense, so i'll continue in my futile effort!"
"is thankful for a warm house, good food, loving friends and family, and the energy health to clean the house, cook the food, and share with friends and family!"
"is very proud of <propfemale> for having a great audition yesterday and getting called back   who knew that auditions for your children could be so much more stressful than any that you've personally done?!?  and now, callbacks for both of us!"
thinks that it's too bad that auditions and callbacks are so stressful for most people   it's so good to see so many old friends and make new ones   it is amazing to see how much talent is playing on the boards in salt lake   good thoughts and <propfemale> to all of the auditioners and to the production team!!!
is trying to get things organized and ready to go south for the holidays   now if only the car and the wrapping paper would cooperate   gotta love automobiles and dead trees!
"is busy, busy   dreadfully busy!"
"has only one more stop and christmas shopping is done!  but then i have to get the <propfirst> from mechanic, take son to dr , go to <propfemale> square for dd's concert, finish laundry, get hair cut, have <propfirst> lubed, deliver goody plates, drive both carpool's tomorrow,  house readied for house dog sitter, and   what the heck am i doing on fb?!?!  oh yea, checking to see if cast list has been posted so i can be happy for others!"
aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh - as she runs screaming through her day!
"has not been on fb for very long time   don't know why i'm on it now   other than i finished my theatre homework and now have history and spanish to do   darn, guess i'd better get back to work!"
"wonders why she's spending time on fb when she has 150 spanish vocab words to learn, conjugations to memorize, and part of a chapter to complete   oh yeah, it's because my head just e playful loded from my homework in dramaturgy   it's fun to be an old student!"
"wonders, \do people who natively speak spanish really know how to conjugate all of these verbs?\""  just wondering because until i took spanish i didn't even know there was such a thing as the pluperfect subjunctive tense   and people say english is difficult!"""
and the hits just keep on comin'   
"saw on the internet that haiti is without a government  to help out, i'm donating one obama, one pelosi, one <propmale>, one <propfirst>, one coakley, and two clintons!! they may keep them permanentaly! i'd share our constitution; but i think ours was high jacked by the supreme court and can't be found!"
"is amazed how much time can be wasted on fb   but on the other hand, at the end of a very long, difficult day, it is really wonderful to read some awfully funny comments   thank you all for making me smile, laugh, and know that life is good!"
wonders why the hamster on wheel in my head won't slow down when it's the wee small hours of the morning   took all three tests for the week   no more cramming my head with revisionist history or spanish conjugated verbs   perhaps i just need to sit for a few minutes and enjoy the silence that fills the house at this hour   it's rather peaceful   hmmmmm
afge - another freakin' growth e playful erience!!!  just what i wanted!
"just wants to put out there in the universe that when you pray for god to help you get cast in a show, if that's what you're supposed to be doing at that time, and then don't get cast   maybe, just maybe   god is actually answering that prayer  this status is not for anyone else, but for me to read and re-read and know that god loves me and is willing to help me every moment i'm willing to accept help "
missed being able to see her hct nuns today because of being sick   no fair!!!  it just doesn't seem right that when life with my part-time husband is so yucky and the one thing i have planned fror myself gets taken away   it's no fair!!
is very sad 
is being very lazy today 
has just had her week made by her nephew letting her know that he got baptized and is going to the <propfemale> tomorrow   what an awesome kid!!!
is killing time waiting for her sister to arrive   what more could one ask on a saturday afternoon?!?
"has had a very busy, but very lovely sunday   it would have been perfect if the cold hadn't moved south to turn into a cough   ah, but it was lovely anyway!"
3 surprise 8 am!  somehow insomnia is just not all it's cracked up to be   especially when i have flower beds and gardens that have to be worked on in a few hours   oh brain and body - why do you do this?
"just had a really great time talking to my dear friend, <propfemale>!  so grateful for all my \old\"" friends who make me smile just by being who they are!!!"""
"i don't feel old enough intellectually or emotionally to have a daughter turning 17 tomorrow   but after working in my yard today, my body is telling me that i should have grandchildren older than that!"
"is looking for fun, interesting, possibly educational, and free things to do this summer with my 10-year old son   and preferably something that doesn't have anything to do with video games, computer games, or pokemon bakugan   we know that the museum of natural history is free on the 1st monday of each month   anybody with any other great ideas???  i would greatly appreciate your feedback   "
"thinks that if you <propmale> in musical theatre in college and help your daughter with an honors physics project until 2 smile 0 a m  you should get a whole lot of extra credit for being a parent! but the 5 machines (marble run, pulley, lever fulcrum, mouse trap, pendulum) that it took to puncture a soda can and have the liquid pour into a cup worked! i'm so proud of <propfemale> (and all of the adults that made it possible)!"
"for someone who doesn't dance, i sure do enjoy watching sytycd recorded on my dvr and then pausing so <propfemale> and i can comment on each dancer and choreographer   i've learned  so much from mia michaels and <propfirst> shankman "
"is proud of her daughter and saddened by the sudden and tragic death of her classmate   she's a strong young woman that understands how fragile life is and she seems so young to understand christ's love and the eternal nature of our souls   as her mother, i'm grateful for her example!"
"has just spent the last hour setting up parental controls so that her wonderful and intelligent only-turned-10-yesterday-year old son can no longer play games or get on suspect websites when mom's not looking  although i would not have made a good  mother pre-modern times, there are times when i do wish for a simpler, easier time to raise my children!!!"
a belated thank you to all of my fb friends who made my birthday special   i love you all immensely and appreciate all the warm fuzzies!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!
"thinks that getting pneumonia the week of an opening really bites!!! but i'm grateful <propfemale> could take <propmale> to rehearsal so i could rest and recup to be ready for the rest of tech week for bye, bye <propfemale> "
"invites to all to\come\ see bye bye birdie\midvale outdoor theatre (400 w 7500 s)\bring your own lawn chairs or blankets to sit on!\7 smile 0 \pm, $5 00 or $20 per family"
"thinks maybe she's failed at being a parent   my children had never played with sparklers in their own yard and my 10-year old had never eaten a s'more   bad, bad mommy!"
"since i didn't audition, is it ok for me to ask the world - who did get cast in drowsy chaperone at hct?"
"hoping not to say something i shouldn't, our family has had some good news this week and i want to share  most of you have been unaware that <propfirst> and i have been separated for six months  his parents have been extremely gracious and supportive as he has lived with them  although there's still much work to do individually and together, we are very happy to announce that <propfirst> has moved back home "
"and before you know it, the daughter is getting far too much information from colleges and having way too much fun her senior year, and the 5th grader is getting far too seriously embarrassed when asked about his carpool girlfriend and thinks he should <propfemale> out with his sister and her friend (who's a guy) just to be sure they're ok "
"has decided that although she loves her son's uniform policy, it's kind of pointless to take a picture on the first day of school, because it's really hard to tell year from year because it's all the same clothes - just bigger   oh, unless he's smiling and missing certain teeth, then we can guess whether it was anywhere between 1st and 4th grade "
"thinks that boy scouts has a really good racket going  $25 for shirt, $7 for the neckerchief, $4 for the slide for the neckerchief, $5 for the colored thingy that pins go on, $17-$30 for multiple emblems, badges, <propfirst>, etc  that still must be sewn on the  shirt  i'm thinking that i should start an organization to teach boys how to abuse and disrespect others and charge that kind of $$$  i could make a fortune!"
i actually got some good sleep last night - without the help of drugs   it's a miracle!
"voice lessons, painting <propmale>'s room (still), more voice lessons, seeing <propfirst> stokes <propfirst> in concert with hubby and daughter   aaaah, it's looking like it should be a great day!"
"is ecstatic at having e playful erienced <propfirst> stokes <propfirst> in concert with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  he was amazing!!! i also think that my daughter is the most blessed teenager to have parents who lavish her with such incredible artistic events and yummy dining  but more importantly, i'm grateful to have a daughter and husband who so thoroughly enjoy such a wonderful performance and evening with me!!"
does anyone know if auditions have been held for savior of the world?
wishes she had a doctor's thingy that she could look into her son's ear to really see if there is a problem in there   why do i have to spend $150 to take him to the doctor so they can tell me his ears are fine   sure would make knowing whether he's a hypochondriac a whole lot cheaper!
"just returned home after seeing another wonderful performance of \pirates of penzance \""  i'm so blessed to know such talented people!"""
"is looking forward to castle, <propmale> and grey's anatomy starting this week   ah, the end of summer and fall is in the air   good thing we've got dvr!"
"just clicked on a link   couldn't get to whatever site it was linking to, but it looked virus spooky   don't click on my link re: girl killed herself   i don't want to be responsible for virus-yuck or inappropriate content!"
"is incredibly excited to finally be in hct's a christmas <propfirst>   it's only taken <propfirst> and me 20 years to audition for that show, so we are both tickled pink that they were very kind and cast us as the fezziwig's and their counterparts   can't wait!"
"i don't mean to be an overbearing, worried, and nagging mother, but it's impossible not to care "
is very excited to go see hamlet with talyorsville high theatre tomorrow   guess i'd better get some sleep before i have to consider life that deeply 
"children with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  it is special education week, and this is in honour of    all children made in a more unique way and who learn a little differently  i'll post, will you?"
"<propmale> has <propmale> asthma problems complicated with what looks like pneumonia   the antibiotics\ don't seem to be doing much, so i've gone back to my \mama\"" roots   \",7a9342880b8f22af6683cfd6de409c17,"a\ veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check\ payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and \including, their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many \people in this country who no longer remember that fact   god bless <propfemale>   that we may never forget those who have given so much for all that we have here!"
is on fb for the first time in   weeks   who knew it was so possible and so gratifying to not be ruled by knowing what everyone else in the world is doing - or not doing 
"wishing that weather predictions could be more accurate for a week ahead   i mean, how will i know what the weather will be like for me to take <propfemale> to rexburg for scholarship auditions next week?"
