7a6d54c28fddc195ab7af192a41ffb0d
"had i not already cried at the sunrise this morning, i would be weeping right now"
yay for work e playful erience sans monetary compensation
too early
metric tonight!
wooorrrrkkkkkk yeah i love reading about erectile dysfunction
"method man, redman, and ghostface at starland    i need to go!!!"
i'd rather eat carbs
what would you do if your son was at home?
h8 packing
airplane! texas! sweltering heat!
san <propfirst> never fails to bring good food to my tummy
sleep's not comin easy for awhile
come on <propfemale> just tell me who my room mate is
"don't turn your back on me, scar"
<propmale> potter yes   where is my black robe?
hp was so good   dumbledore  sad 
"annotated bibliography, whyyy?"
"it's not that i want to leave, it's that i need to leave"
terrific!  even better than mama 
"follow your dreams, to the <propmale>   amen "
jerz shore
"it's a fairytale fantasy land where every boy is a playa, and every girl is a bitch "
it should not be this dark outside at 1 smile 0 in the afternoon
twelve days
bronchitis wtf
fear before ~~~> dance party
live every week like it's shark week
"confidence, cohen "
packing's a bitch
how much lost can i watch in a week?
i forgot how much of an asshole <propfemale> used to be
<propfirst> hughes  sad 
tonight was so sad  sad  i love you hope forever!!
siq storm bro
do these effectively hide my thunder?
there's no wrong way to fuck a girl with no legs
"we'll never sleep, god knows we'll try"
fruit flies fuck no fuck no
all i wanna do is drink beer for breakfast
love-making e playful edition
"\animals like to take cocaine and drink alcohol \"""""
you can't believe everything you read on the internet   that's how world war one got started 
don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining
blaaauurgghhhggadeed
return to form
i <propfirst> an x on your city's name
did i really just wake up?
funny like a funeral
"get by, get gone, get high, get wronged "
between a rock and a bra place
i solemnly swear i am up to no good
i felt uncool and <propmale> out around the kitchen
fuck fly bitches
heeeey must be the monay!
"we're so close to something better left unknown, i can feel it in my bones"
bronchitis #3!
want some pound cake?
wish i was headed back to jersey  sad 
is anyone on campus alive?
"i'm like a pizza, white and cheesy"
watching jersey shore cures a little bit of my homesickness
"finals can suck it   i'm talking to you, huma and anthro "
coming home in 3 weeks!!!
i'm freaking out i think i'm delirious i can't write
supple breasts
how is reality television this bad and this good at the same time?
the semester is finally over   about time 
i need to reverse my sleep schedule
"it's 70 degrees, this is why i love tx"
anyone else going to the thursday show at starland next week?
i believe that vampires are the world's greatest golfers but their curse is they never get a <propmale> to prove it
"dreamed i was a tidal wave  i ravaged your coast, there were no survivors "
"drag the lake, you'll find it's full of love"
what's a wolf without a pack?
and i can't see the point of patient love when everyone just wants to get fucked
"sex is not dentistry, the slick filling of aches and cavities"
"no i'm not here to learn, i just want to get drunk and <propmale> in business and be taught how to fuck"
the fuck 
"it hasn't been my day for a couple years, what's a couple more?"
"what's the closest you can come to an almost total wreck and still walk away, all limbs intact?"
breakfast tacos
skipping my classes to lay in bed because it's too cold out - good idea or great idea?
for hannakuh my parents got this pair of really e playful ensive white gold hoops and i had to pretend like i didn't even like them and it was so sad 
"seriously, who farted?"
he only talks shit and only drinks whiskey from the jar
i'll always be my best flaw
"how long is it since you were really bothered? about something important, about something real?"
it was a pleasure to burn
"<propfemale> yap, that's who the fuck i am "
the loss of the fat friar is a tragedy    but from the ashes rises the white lady
the bloody baron
my hair hasn't been this short in years
so much physical pain right now
"\so i was hanging out with these high school girls right\"""""
all-nighter to write a paper and i think my computer actually just died for good   i envisioned this happening 
"well, fuck"
linkin park sing alongs
"\i think i just got an opposite orgasm\"" - <propfirst> grotzinger"""
"so cold, i never want to leave my bed"
abigael <propfirst> <propmale> is fucking amazzinggg!!!!!!!!!
"1 smile 0 class, you are not happening today"
why is someone targeting us with water ballons on our balcony? step off
circa survive night 1 4  commence!
my body is breaking
successfully avoided a finals-induced breakdown!
see ya later texas  jersey here i come
all of a sudden i miss everyone
fucking buzzcocks  i just saw legends 
"\it's worth shutting your mouth to be happy\"""""
circa survive night 2 4 = mindblowing  philly is da best
circa survive night 3 4 yyyyeeeeesssssss
"you ain't never been no virgin, kid, you were fucked from the start"
lost  crying 
circa survive night 4 4  i'm not crazy
california
mawwaige
fuck you kobe
celtics! true blood! wooo
stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop!
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo lakers > sad 
"i like food, food tastes good"
taking back sunday tonight woooooooooo
o shit i got a car
silversun pickups tonight!
i miss breakfast tacos
how is it this hot in new jersey right now?
"i'm an independent motherfucker and i'm here to \take your money"
massachusetts here i come
gurl i didn't know you could get down like that
summer storms
food coma onset
something corporate fuck yeah
"new jersey, it's been real  see ya at thanksgiving!"
just passed a billboard with a bible verse on it  definitely in the south 
attention deficit disorder
anyone need a tigerfest ticket?
"the more i learn, the more i can't understand"
spent $4 20 at whataburger
acl!
thanks for the birthday wishes yall
chocolate covered everything for dinner  yes 
"\i bought spicy oriental mix because i just can't get enough of myself!\"" - <propfemale> yap"""
who stole my parking ticket?
circa survive!!! best (hallo)weekend ever: commence
"voice, where have you gone? come back to me? i can't talk in whispers forever"
descendents were worth getting my glasses broken for
day drinking is the only solution
"new jersey, it's good to be home"
driving in texas really brings out the new jersey in me
finals week: an excercise in just how far i can push my body's physical limits
"heading home, see ya soon jersey"
my grades are a fuckin christmas miracle
woke up just in time to get snowed in
nocturnal
spiderman on broadway
"oh hey i love living on top of a mountain and all this snow and getting my car stuck  oh wait just kidding, take me back to texas weather "
"jesus died for somebody's sins, but not mine"
why are people freakin out about planets and shit idgi
 sad 
what is my reality?!?!!! - <propfemale> yap
<propfemale> halftime show!!!!!
"it's not your fault, cause we're all fucked up"
flu  brain  mush  halp
"<propfemale> stragglers, where you at?"
"where are you, cell phone? please come back to me? i'll be better to you this time  it'll be different, i swear "
does anyone have an old at&t-compatible phone i could borrow for a lil bit?
hallelujah i have a working phone!!! forever in debt to <propfemale> d  k t 
gerber baby ring  perfection
true life: my lungs are trying to kill me
"porn, strippers, the bible: all in a day's work"
mexican easter takeover of brackenridge park     i want to go to there
food poisoning sux
today i found out i'm african     wat?
suck it lakers
new jersey new jersey new jerseyyyy i'm comin your way for a week
"played 'no children' and brought <propfirst> devine along for the ride? manchester orchestra, i didn't know my life was missing something until you completed me tonight "
"pokemon yellow, gold, and silver discovered in my basement  someone get me a gameboy color, stat"
raptor day
<propmale>! free press!!!
"sickness, be gone!"
yeahhh mavs!!!
"scatterbrained til it hurts, whadda day"
swearing off combination locks forever  they are not meant for the forgetful  stupidest day ever 
"roll of thunder, i hear your cry  auditory hallucinations or miracle?"
one week left in san <propfirst>  how did this happen?
"why hello colorado, it's nice to be in you"
colorado ---> new jersey  comin home!!
fun fun fun fest ticket bought already psyched fjiadosjf so good
finally ingested enough substances to sleep  and now the hiccups won't let me  curse the gods all of dem
"oh my god someone please kill the roaches sneaking into my room for me  will all this raid kill me? am i dying? is there any\hope left in this world?!??"
let the semester-long 3 day weekends commence!
if ya want beef then bring the ruckus
let's get awesome together and make life good
my favorite shoe is stuck on my foot!!! what kind of nightmare world is this
thank you for the birthday wishes everyone!!!
