ae7eb28319b33eb0468f34bb4736eb79
a&p = satan  yup its true 
ich shlaft  bis gleich 
du bist was du isst und ihr wisst was es ist 
ist krank   sad 
"ran 2, yes 2 <propmale> today  incredible yes i know "
10 mile bike ride + p90x = ouchers 
i is the cableman  or satellite tv man  whatever  i fixed the stinking tv! now someone better give me a cookie!
"is ready for school, late night cookouts, and way too much halo "
just say no to class 
"has 37 zombie survival plans  36 involve using you as bait, and the 37th i deliberately infect myself and eat your tasty brains!!!"
"learned how to field strip an m9, m16, and a saw today  suck it byaah!"
is e playful loring the possibilites of christian metalcore 
is rockin out to kse
should be studying 
writing papers gives me a headache 
i  love  pandora
jumped out of a moving vehicle 
is setting an ambush for <propfemale> claus!
is cold!!!
is totally stressing right now  so much for my mental health day   
"has anyone noticed the latest kse album has christian overtones    just listen to \a light in a darkened world\"""""
is befuzzled and bebothered  i'm not sure if those are actual words    but whatever 
needs a job 
doesn't believe in <propfemale> tales 
had a great day at the range  grilled some yummy steaks  and now its time for the a-team!  smile 
i just thought of something funny     your mother  -cheech <propfemale>
has decided that i'm getting a motorcycle after i graduate 
ran 5k today  yes be amazed  i know i was 
"yesterday i ate an octopus, and visited a hindu <propfemale>  what can i do today     "
"today i learned arabesque by burgmueller, and attempted to play the real version of fur <propfemale> (not the little ringtone everyone has that little children play after <propfirst> had a little lamb)  then being the nerd, i sat down and listened to beethoven's symphonies number 5 & 7  if you haven't heard them, shame  if you don't know who beethoven is, hand in your man card "
"sah ein mädchen ein röslein stehen blühte dort in lichten höhen sprach sie ihren liebsten anob er es ihr steigen kann\sie will es und so ist es feinso war es und so wird es immer sein sie will es und so ist es brauch was sie will bekommt sie auch"
great pan is dead 
rediscovered tomb raider   smile 
du hast mich 
got a new epic phone today!
ohne dich kann ich nicht sein  mit dir bin auch allein 
had a great road trip today with <propfemale> smith! fun stuff   laugh 
et ecce equus pallidus et qui sedebat desuper nomen illi mors et inferus sequebatur eum revelations 6:8
just got raped by a bunch of newborn babies 
played the guitar till it caught on fire 
is the banana <propmale>!
was super excited to play bass for the band a beautiful betrayal this weekend  everyone should come see our oct  30 show!!!!
"so it must be official because its on facebook, i'm the new bass player for a beautiful betrayal! yeeey! neways, new house episodes = also yeeeey!  laugh "
so umm     yeah  insert random status update 
is having <propmale> band withdrawals! i need more metal!!!  sad 
meh 
concert is tomorrow! i'm excited and more than a little scared!  laugh 
"superman has kryptonite, but i have chocolate chip cookies    "
we had a good show tonight! take it graffitis!  smile 
