1cff1f240e8b4f6edd9dd8b3697c75fa
"is taking advantage of the last night of rest before closing weekend of \leading ladies\"" at footlighters theater"""
that's enough for tonight!
"closing night!  last <propmale> to see \leading ladies\"" at footlighters!"""
tomorrow's friday    yay!
"yay!  it's friday (for all intents and purposes, you pooh-poohers)   now, just to make it through the next 9 hours "
heading back out to the house from hell this afternoon 
just had a lovely day at the <propmale> museum with friends 
just needs to make it through the next ten hours and then   vacation time!!!
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes   but next year, send cash!   wink "
desperately wants a cigarette (but won't have one)   it's been 3 1 2 weeks!!!
thinks words of encouragement are nice   cash of encouragement is nicer!!
"ok   so in nearly 4 weeks (friday) smoke-free, someone please tell me where all this money i'm supposedly saving is!! i don't see it"
scrambled brain   what fun!
"ok   if anyone in my g&s christmas <propfirst> cast is still here    you better get moving!!  we have a matinee this afternoon and call is in 45 minutes!  btw, everyone's doing a great job!!"
nap time!  i love vacation days!
happy new year!
how cool is it to save 20% by scanning my phone?!?!
"i've realized that if it wasn't for social networking, i wouldn't have the time to be anti-social!"
sorry to see neicy nash eliminated from dwts last night 
"we're 34,000 feet up on our way to chicago on our way to new mexico   delays upon delays   we'll get there evetually   but first, i may see <propfirst> for the first time!"
now we're beginning our decent into chicago   should land in about 25 minutes (technically arrive at the gate) 
descent desent   whatever
ok   gotta log off now!
"i'm back for a bit    32,000 feet somewhere over the midwest     with lots of flooding "
"we're still on track to arrive in albuquerque on time (12:15 mdt 2:15 edt)   they held the flight in chicago for us and we had to run (well, walk really quickly!) to catch the flight "
"well   i survived albuquerque and <propfemale> <propfemale>, and more importantly, my bank account survived   on life support, but, so far, still with us!"
"is very, very slowly returning to the real world   and everything hurts!"
i don't wanna go back to work!
"yay!  it's my birthday   funny, i don't feel 30!"
thank goodness the whirlwind that was my birthday is over and now i can relax 
"oh   and thank you to everyone for your birthday wishes!  now if only they were cash as i requested, then i'd be truely grateful!!"
why does everything hurt????
"is still trying to figure out the ultimate \point\"" of twitter"""
"will find out starting tomorrow what being a \lad of leisure\"" really means"""
is sitting out on the porch drinking a g&t   life at the moment is not too bad 
ok   time to get ready for rehearsal!!
"is off to doctor, errands, and lunch with a friend "
is trying to figure out what to do today   not to be confused with what needs to get done today 
"am i the only one who's seen the beaches by sandals ad to the tune of \modern <propmale> general\""?"""
is enjoying an amazingly pleasant morning 
hmmm   not so amazingly pleasant any more   where'd the sun go??
is wondering why everything hurts 
"i have waaaaaaaaaaay too many shoes, even for me   i can't even count them yet   and that doesn't even include the heels "
that which does not kill us makes us older 
is off to the beer booth at the <propmale> fair   happy fair day!!
survived the <propmale> fair!  a good time was had by all!!
is finding out that a day-off holiday's not quite the same as it used to be   but he's ok with that 
off to the hospital   not a fun day 
they said <propmale> is out of surgery and doing ok   more to come 
or maybe not just yet   soon
"yes, he is in recovery, still not awake yet "
"is home from the hospital and finding updates much easier on the computer than on the cell phone!  <propmale> is in his room and came through the surgery just fine   the doctor says he should be home tomorrow, as planned   i passed along everyone's thoughts and he says 'thank you!' "
is still trying to catch up on lost sleep from yesterday   was woken up by one of those crank callers   something about getting out of a hospital today   what kind of crazy sick people are there in the world!?!?!
"is slowly resuming the new \normal\"" """
is off to get ready for dinner w  a friend
"awesome opening night for \pounds off!\""!  only 5 more chances to come see it!"""
"really, really wants to know if we're having fun yet   well??"
"now it's fun at the mini dealership for lots of work on tolloller (yes, that's the car's name!)"
"tolloller is feeling much better, thank you for not asking "
needs a neck and shoulder rub after rehearsal tonight   anyone?
gets no neck rub tonight   sad 
today really sucks!
"sucks, sucks, sucks!"
's eyes hurt 
seems to be awake enough to catch the mouse before it fell off the bed!!
"today's agenda: no rehearsal, no auditions, no obligations, just dinner with friends   i may even finally join a gym   what could possibly go wrong?"
"ok   so really, i will go and join the gym tomorrow   really!"
why am i still awake????
ok   i'm trying this sleep thing again 
it's going to be a long day 
"has 62 pairs of footwear, not counting specialty performance shoes (tap, ballet, stillettos, etc )   should i be embarrased by this?"
is done with auditioning for a while 
"what a miserable day!  hmmmm, how could it get worse?"
naptime!
ok   i'm awake now!
has discovered a new skill:  watchband sizing 
is so angry and so sad!  have to stop reading the stories for a while 
didn't get a nap today   no wonder he's just a leeeeeeeetle bit cranky!
got some sleep   let's see what the cranky meter will register today?
naptime!
awake time (for a little while at least)
is off to rehearsal!
is home 
"is desperately trying to wake up   ok, maybe not so desperately   but he is trying (after a fashion) "
finally got the new glasses!
off to the dentist this morning
"success   next week, bleaching "
is hungry   what would be good for lunch?
is watching the last of the miners come up   incredible!
is caving (for the nonce) to those who were scared by my previous profile pic 
's not feeling all that great 
what a dreary day!
"is now, finally, a member of a \fitness club\""   personal trainer and everything - to start """
is wearing purple today to remember the kids who couldn't take any more bullying and to support the kids who are struggling and need our love and support!
everything hurts!  but i must go back!
went back!  everything still hurts! but maybe a little less?
"is trying heating pads and massaging thingys (no, not that!) to relax his neck and shoulders "
hurts! everything (almost) hurts!!!  but i accomplished a great deal today with my new toys!
"trifecta today!!!  highlights tech rehearsal, then trial by jury, and then yeomen"
is calling the doctor tomorrow   sad 
is waiting for the doctor to call back 
"--might be allergies, might be more   decongestants and call back wednesday"
is tormenting himself with relative chronological associations   such as 30 years ago was senior year of hs   sad 
is still not without theater stuff to do today   auditions early this evening 
it's <propmale> binkley week!  it's <propmale> binkley week!
is spending a much deserved night off at home   working on renovation plans (and budget) 
is still working on the reno budget - trying not to get discouraged 
"is off, shortly, to get tiles for the new bathroom "
wonders how such a small bathroom could require so much tile and that it would cost so much!
"is \camping\"" the new code for butch in dating profiles????"""
"two great performances yesterday of \the yeomen of the guard\"" with rvco and one more today (the last one!)!"""
my brain is full   i need to make room for all the new stuff i need to remember   i need to get rid of some stuff   forgive me if i don't recognize you 
i have blocking block!
"ok, everyone   let's all clear our throats together   1   2   3   happy ch annukah!!  did everyone get good stuff on the first night?  everyone, other than me, of course   i got a mis-cut countertop   sad "
naptime before getting ready for trial by jury in west <propmale> 
why am i awake??????
let's see if i can be productive today   coming down to the wire!
more painting today   getting closer!
how can it be morning if it's dark outside???
now it's too bright!  off to the other house to hurt my back and neck 
gotta love plumbing problems 
who wants to help paint?
has a new droid phone 
good morning!
"is awake, after much coffee, and trying to plan out the day until rehearsal "
done painting for the day   more tomorrow 
more painting today   tomorrow     floor sanding!
"house has cable, internet and coffee maker   three essential steps closer to moving in!"
packing   
good morning and <propfemale> christmas!
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!  but only after i pick up the floor sander!  floor sanding must not be delayed!!"
more packing!
moving day   harder than i though it would be 
tried some retail therapy  bought shiny new pots and pans for my shiny new stove 
i just parked my car in my new garage with my new automatic garage door for the the first time   way cool!!!  part of moving is good 
"ah, the joys of being alone on nye "
"two bagels for breakfast, <propmale> original for lunch, frosted flakes for dinner   is it any wonder   ?"
hates being alone and overwhelmed!
"i'm going to take a nap   hopefully, life -- or at least the blocking -- will make more sense upon my waking "
great rehearsal today!  thanks to everyone involved
is anyone watching miss <propfemale> tonight on real tv?
