ea56c76f985c78ab04273b863a05b6e0
"i feel it deep within, its just beneath the skin, i must confess that i feel like a monster!"
"hard to find how i feel, controlling me every step of the way "
"two faced! i feel you crawling under my skin  sickened by your face! by the way, to think that you're so fucking kind? you ain't!"
what meaning do the words we speak really have?
"it seems the whole e playful erience is, terrible and crippling  the pain is much more than, physical beyond belief  when we're alone "
more than i can say
aint nothin do but the cha!-cha!
two doctor appointments today    it never ends!
toe is almost healed from being broken  woop! and what a damn day      annoyed 
sometimes the things get so faded how is it that you can't see? sometimes life seems overrated makes my heart slowly bleed
is there more to life than this?    
bak from work    wut to do now    
"dont tell me, im getting sentimental now?!?"
"back from class, idk what to do now    "
"heading over caseys to bother her  shhh! she doesnt know, lol"
"you tear me down and then you pick me up  you take it all and still it's not enough  you try to tell me you can heal me, but i'm still bleeding and you will be the death of me!"
how i long to regress  to the days before i took upon myself  the obsessions of this world  a day of innocence equating beauty  for tomorrow may fall  and today is already gone 
"new blog on myspace, check it  cuz life is shit"
"lifes got you down, take fuckitol"
everything has lost its purpose
fuck
"twisting and turning, unable to sleep  do the voices ever stop?! my thoughts speak louder the more i resist  and they're driving me insane! do they ever go?!"
exam tonight   sad 
one day at a time
chillin'
"flighing high, in the sky"
"done the damn hw, now its time to relax"
"home from work, waiting for comcast to show up, and gotta do homework too  and i thought i was gonna be able to relax   damnit "
"been sick for over a week, and still sick  this sucks so much!  sad "
"once you know, you newegg! yerp yerp"
"sleep, then homework    o    such joy                  sad "
fuck being sick
sitting in class listening to a lecture about everything i just read         annoyed 
just got done working a 10 5 hour day      
finally done work for the weekend  28 hours in 3 days     
"easter     another holiday the christians stole from pagans! the easter <propfemale> is the oldest pagan symbol of fertility! sunrise services are for worship of the sun god, not jesus! jesus was 'resurrected' at night! as the early church tried to convert the pagans, it adapted the old religion's traditions into christianity in order to facilitate attaining its goal!"
"another night of class is over, only one more month of this bs"
lost in the sauce?!
lost in the sauce?!??????????
train a dragon? sure i will   wink 
ughhhhh
class sucks sooooo much! arghhhhhhh  i miss my baby <propfirst>
"smoke break at work then to the danish        woop woop  and remeber, if ur bored, ur not working "
wooahoooohhhhhhh!
is getting nauseated from the lack of personal confrontation and e playful ression people procure from their cumpulsive need for attention deficient in rationalization 
is getting nauseated from the lack of personal confrontation and e playful ression people procure from their cumpulsive need for attention deficient in rationalization that is miscontrued as social communication 
"a ridiculusly chaotic weekend  3 papers to write, a final to do, a presentaion to finish, 5 case projects, and all of this i have todo during a drill weekend!  sad "
"crazy week, and still going"
at <propfirst> browns devouing everything
"if you choose never to go too far, than you will never know how far you can actually go "
will it blend? that is the question
when does the line that you cross become the edge of a <propmale>?
its all just a waste of time!
"ugh, best buy again"
ssdd
google 'foxconn suicides' and see wut ur supporting when u buy an apple product!
u all are heartless if u dont see what apple is causing  google 'foxconn suicides' and leave ur thoguhts below 
no more military 4 <propfemale>!
ssdd every day all day
show me the wayyyyyy!!
fuckin hot as helllllll out
last exam tonight
"fuck it, fuck u, fuck this  work tomorrow cause of damn parade  drank today at my gparent with my gmom, it was a fun e playful erience, but in the end, why the fuck am i doing all of this?! why the fuck do i even bother  i know i am better than this  i always have been, yet i always roll over and deal with all the bs as if it were a normal part of my daily life, when before, it never was         it should never have been"
"so, was anyone elses 4th of july, mundane, boring, pointless, meaningless, aggravating, relaxing, retreated, soical, lonely, ridiculous, enlightening, but overall just a waste of a fucking day in their life! sry independence day, but u were one of the most disappointing days i have had this year  fuck off!"
damnn parade     
"5am, knockin on the back door at work, who could it be? fox news    "
fireworks?
where do i be?
<propfemale>        fuck yea!
u know its fucking hot when u go outside to cool off at work 
"the candlelight melts all my shadows away \thanks for the hate cause its fueling my flames \you can't control us  no!\i think your losing control     "
"degeneration, dislocation\ and always hunting for the ones to lead you \\no aspiration, no ambition"
"we ride together, we die together!"
this war is ours! and fucking <propfirst> is comin up!!! fuck yea! so fucking excited!!!!!!!!!
"live with no regrets, love wut you have, stay strong during your sorrows, always stand tall, and always remember who you are "
"resting for tonight, woop"
party at the crib tonight! got a keg and peeps  txt me for details! 6096808197  the more the better! byob
scissor-me-timbers!!!!
bark like a kitten
"just saw <propfirst> darko for first time     idk wut ppl were talking about when they said that movie is amazing, cuz i didnt see anything special  evil rabbit, whooptie-doo "
mari!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ju!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ana!!!!!!!
what the fuck do i need scissors for?
"its raning its pouring, all the stoners are snoring     except me "
is there something im forgetting today   ?
i rly feel like im forgetting something       hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
power to the ppl
revolution
starting over
im goin!!!---wait- where was it again?
"dont you just hate it when some asshole butts into ur business  its fucking ridiculous, childish, immature, and pathetic  nuff said "
this is fucking ridiculous
hmmm              
excited for the dinner <propfirst> and i are gonna be cookin!
workworkwork
work work work
no work tomorrow  woooo!
bullshit
smack my bitch up! woo! at work     
waiting for tonight
crazy night with jason but a good crazy  love love love!
"watching jersey shore, drinking, with the bf  love love love"
training new guy at work  fun fun fun
ugh
same shit different day  what else is new?
some people are just stupid and annoying sometimes
"i don't have time to be on facebook when i have a bf, a job, and of course starcraft 2! gnite fools "
10 hour work day      at least vacation is on mofos!
ugh
"sometimes things happen that you never e playful ect  that you could never imagine  that you do not know how to deal with, but try because there is not any other way to move on  there really is not anything that can be done  no other choice    "
and the phone just keeps on ringing    
it is sad what happened
        
one month before this is all over
"2 more months before 21, already planning my escape to drinkland"
ssdd
"breakfast taquitos! different, possibly strange, but delicious? i think so "
so how would you feel if the past 2 years of your life disappeared in one night? drowned in alcohol and blood 
if everyone cared and nobody lied then we'd see the day when nobody died
                      
arg hhh fuck it fuck it fuck it
"    so if i don't booze it, i'm gonna lose it \everybody get to it, do it, get ruined!"
trying to survive
"started going back to the gym today  figured since no one else is going to make me happy, i might as well start making myself happy and stop waiting on people that suck "
"going into the wilderness to get lost in the void  if i am found, just let me be  you cannot walk away with me  snap"
ssdd
wake up
my bottle is empty
"ughh, class till 1220, then 600 to 830 tonight  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"
ive got to get away
"tender is the fur, dying as you pur! im out bitches"
"we'll call that one, a ramburglar!!!!"
baby is dead
"it seems that there is nothing left \\no honor, no respect \\your mind is just as confused as the next \\keep your opinion to yourself!\\go take your opinion with you,\\cause i don't want to hear it,\\go take your decisions with you,\\cause i don't need to hear them!\\(you know exactly who you are)"
no pain no gain
but i dont lose it after i bic it!
"class, help!"
"wise men say, \it looks like rain today\""\",ea56c76f985c78ab04273b863a05b6e0,muhahahaaaa
long day of work and school tomorrow   annoyed 
"home from work, and omg, i so hate craft shows, a whole bunch of ppl with too much damn time trying to sell crap that nobody wants to buy! but no worries though, tonight, an epic adventure will take place     to imagination land   laugh  hehehe"
"omg, so    apparently lady gaga thinks she is a politician now  lol"
class     damn 
"i have kissed <propfemale> lips, felt the healing in [his] fingertips\it burned like a fire, this burning desire\i have spoke with the tongue of angels\i have held the hand of a devil, it was warm in the night\i was cold as a stone\\but i still haven’t found what i’m looking for\no, i still haven’t found what i’m looking for"
"out and about, then sleep, then work       story of my life"
hanging with <propfemale>! so excited!!!  laugh 
back in black
"it's hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but it's even harder when you know it's everything you want    "
it'll make you say \oh god, why was i wrong \ea56c76f985c78ab04273b863a05b6e0,hahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
one day ill be floatin in the skyyy
"done work  gym, then school  then funnnn"
"balance is the keyword for this sign, and when it comes to keeping everything on an even keel, a libra will lead the pack  peace loving and judicial, this sign abhors being alone  partnerships are very important for the libra, especially those on a personal level  with their winning personalities and cooperative style, they aren't apt to be alone for long! i soooo love my sign!  laugh "
poo poo kachoo
less than a month
"omg, i really do not remember doing shots last night! i remember alot of things, but not shots!  surprise "
"may we all find strength during this time of depair  may we all find happiness during saddening times  may we all love one another, when such suffereing is present  may we all find our way home together, within the loving arms of our lord and lady  blessed be our journey!"
"got home from work, just got back from gym, waiting for tonight, fright factory, movies, food, and fun!"
went to fright factory this weekend  it was awesome!
fuck math!
"fuck android phones, they never work right!"
"finally, 21 arrives! now it's just downhill from here, haha"
"two things im going to do now that im 21 annoyed 1  love life as much as i can\2  grow a crazy beard"
"work just sucks fucking balls  if anyone knows any place hiring within their it department, please let me know! i need a new job asap "
blah
people are crazy
"crazy, are people"
happy samhain everyone! may the ones who have passed on find their way home to summerland   love 
"republicans might have won the house, but the democrats still hold the senate! idk if thats a good thing or not       but california has a new governor! some old guy that seems pretty bad ass! but pitman is still full of and being run by dumbass conservative assholes!!!  sad "
fact of life: nothing ever fucking works out the way we imagine it! fuck everything
"home from a 10 hour day at work, now its time for homework      annoyed "
waking up sucks
"everyone call nj senators <propfirst> lautenberg @ (202) 224-3224 and <propfirst> menendez @ (202) 224-4744 and tell them that you support the secretary of defense <propfirst> gates and joint chiefs of staff chairman admiral <propfirst> mullen in the repeal of the \don't ask don't tell\"" policy """
no facebook! i do not want to make you my homepage!
"wednesday: the house of reps  voted to pass the repeal of \dont ask dont tell\""  today: the senate voted and passed for the motion of repealing \""dont ask dont tell\""!! the repeal could be signed as early as tomorrow!! could bigotry and discrimination finally be coming to an end?!!"""
"wednesday, obama will sign the repeal of \don't ask don't tell\""!"""
it's fun to google someone to see how much shit they were are involved in
this holiday is turning out to be the worst yet       sad 
"ap·pre·ci·a·tion: noun annoyed 1  gratitude; thankful recognition  \show some!"
