992f0f9f54c2db15082ba88d89a3727a
off to dinner at <propfemale> <propfemale> and then to northpark for a midnight showing of <propmale> potter & the half blood <propmale>
is going to see <propfemale> <propmale> at nokia tonight
is happy that a night out alone turned into a night out with old friends  @ mr  malbec drinker       come by the store the next time you go to zeus and i'll introduce you to our wine guy     he really knows his stuff 
the pac-man game on the google home <propfemale> is really helping me have a productive day at work
doesn't understand why picking up my paycheck on payday has to be such an ordeal 
"has had an interesting weekend  saturday i was fired for opening a bottle of wine for a tasting that the owner had told my co-worker not to open (i was never informed of this decision)  then today i'm told to show up at my regular time on monday and i bet nothing will be said about the incident \ on the up side this allowed me to have a much needed and very nice saturday night off "
82 degrees inside my apartment     i think something is wrong with the a c
today isn't starting off so well    woke up to find 5 of my oldest and largest fish dead 
ugh    looks like i'm in for another night without ac
got called into work early today  looks like i get another friday night off  what to do?
umm    shouldn't a liquor store be busy on saturday?
is off to the land of ikea
one of the perks of the liquor buisness    stopping what you're doing in the middle of the day to do 3 shots of <propfemale> so you can taste a new product 
yawn!!
3 1 2 hours left then 2 days off!!!
just one more hour to go!!      not that i'm counting or anything
i think i'm in for a painfully slow night at work since everyone thinks we're closed today 
is it wrong to have a buzz while at work?
crap day at work    i need a drink or ten!!!
watching the drunken masses is fun
a saturday night where i don't have to close  what to do? what to do?
"to all my fellow grindr users    i just had an ad for \pure life ministries\"" about curing homosexuality come up while i was using the app  please email them with your thoughts at help@grindr com """
sitting in the dark at work     been here for less than an hour and we have lost power twice
have to say not a big fan of the patio side of the bar at bolsa
at work drinking sake
has the day off after all!
is having a painfully slow night at work  i'm guessing everyone got their fill of alcohol during tbru 
kind of sad that i've been on facebook more than i've helped customers tonight but it's just been that slow  9pm can't get here soon enough
after 15 months of being back at the liquor store i broke my first bottle tonight and of course i did it right before closing time  i suppose it was going to happen sooner or later 
tonight could not have gone better if i had planned it    smile 
