6672b634ddd92e482203beb9d50f1d2c
<propfemale> i got a facebook now  playful 
"i hate when i have plans that i was really looking forward to and then it turns out, i have to stay home  wtf? sad (("
tomorrow is <propfirst> mondays!  smile 
flapjack's on  laugh 
"just made a batch of the world's most delicious food  for those who don't know, it's mac&cheese love 3"
i miss the liddo bitchass  smile 
<propfirst> yes i'm very proud of you! you're gonna be a dirty liddo punk rock kid before you know it :bb
"i'll never understand why girls dont eat in front of the guy they like  i dont give a shit, i'll grubb  fatty fo lyfe "
tonight was fun   smile  at the show the boys sounded so good! and made some new frannnns love 3
so i'm standing in the kitchen pouring myself cereal & i hear a click  somehow my kitchen light turned on by itself 
i'm sooooo tired  i need to stop going to bed so late 
beaner ass corn on the cob  nommmmmm
worry knot in my tummy 
it feels so fantastic outside
in a good mood love 
"\come back you crippled bastard!!\""  laugh """
"like this status and i'll confess what i thought about you when i first\met you  post it as your status and take the challenge too! haha yea i did it!"
"awww, the lakers are so happy  how cute "
i must get out of my house tonight!
peanut butter and super <propfirst> bros  on my nintendo ds is all i need right now love 
"today was strange, yet interesting! good times tongiht  smile "
i need friends that listen to the same music as me  well that aren't guys 
who’s awake? text meeeee
my <propfemale> woke me up  smile 
tummy hurts cuz it's empty  sad 
april is a bully! she's making fun of me cuz i blush easily  surprise 
"<propfirst> a worm on <propfemale>'s hand, ohhh yeah she looks like such a badass  laugh "
the hand that feeds you is the hand that's keeping you downnnnnn 
omgggg this headache is fucking killing me!
"you know what's nice? having someone to say goodnight to every night  for now, i'll settle for <propfemale> haha"
"i tried to put my finger on it but i gave it my whole arm, i reached out with good intentions but i only did more harm "
taking a nap and then gonna figure out what i'm going to do 
"alright ima do this too!  laugh  like this status and i will tell you what i like, love, dislike, and a confession to you  laugh  go go!"
soooo sick   annoyed 
i'm dyinggggg d;
"grrr still sick -_- off to my camita, text meee  smile "
"i'm bored, tired, and annoyed  and on top of that, it's like 90 degrees here  why the fuck? omg > indecision "
went to el caporal with <propfemale> and bought carne asada burritos  joyful  oh boy  playful 
i'm awake early with nothing to do today -_-
my mom and grandma have been watching novelas all this time and won't let me near the remote > surprise 
"busted a mission to get krispy kreme doughnuts, walked so much but it was worth it  laugh "
pasta sounds so good right now 
i love chill nights where i don't get home until late  tonight was really great   smile 
bonfire at the beach  smile 
is craving a fat mexican burrito 
"drinking slushies & looking at furniture with <propfirst> s magana was fun, found a stick in the store, but he didn't let me take it > surprise  and some random lady pushed us ahahaha"
"lawls, i should've known "
wearing dresses make me feel pretty 
good morning phone call from my bugaloo  now i'm up and ready to start this day!
lately i'm convinced every guy that tries to talk to me is a creeper  doesn't matter what they look like 
don't have my phone :[ don't call or text me till tomorrow 
apparently tans are ghetto? haha now i feel better about my pale skin  smile 
got my phone back!
"i'm so proud of 102 7, they play electro late at night, kaskade, deadmau5! this makes me happy haha"
this whole not being able to sleep thing is getting really old 
i think it's easier to believe in myself than it is to believe in other people 
"hey hi hello, you should text me   smile "
summer nights are the best  the temperature is perfect and there's not a cloud in the sky 
woke up all happies ^ ^
at april's house with friends and everything is funny as shit! aaahh my stomach hurts from laughing  love 3
<propfirst> moscow 
being a fatty!  laugh 
i have a brain unlike other people  smile 
everyone's saying the last exorcism sucked and i shouldn't spend my money on it  annoyed  but i still want to watch it!
anddd now it sets in  sadmouth 
today is <propfemale>'s first day of college! eeep i'm excited for her  smile 
my minds in shambles   sad 
"first time in 2 years since i ran and did exercise, now my entire body is sore  annoyed "
so effin sleepy 
urgggg phone's fucking up  annoyed 
"got a new phoneeee, same number, soooo send me your <propfirst> people!  smile "
walking the streets at night is really peaceful until you're by yourself  now i'm just paranoid  d:
yoshi's island is frustrating me! baby <propfirst> crys everytime i get attacked by those cloud monsters  i should really be doing my essay haha
i love getting home from school so i can pig out and nap  smile 
so i'm pretty sure cheesecake is like the best thing ever 
pr8nhim  what the eff is this license plate supposed to say?
a real man would have his shit straight 
at in n out getting spoiled as fuck  love 
eeep biggest smile ever right now  ^ ^
i love how soup warms your insides when you eat it  it makes me pansita wiggle with happiness   smile 
"we be big pimpin, spendin' cheese"
eeergh i thought you were different  annoyed 
note to self: don't e playful ect too much so you won’t get hurt 
"i hate being shy with new people  they think i’m being rude by not talking, but i just don’t know what to say to them   annoyed "
throat hurts and head feels like it's going to e playful lode  ughhh i'm dyyyying  sad 
hold my hamburger 
one of the things that i hate the most is when you're by yourself and you pass a group of guys and they stare as you walk by -§-
"just had thai food, yum yum!"
"wow, so many females pissing me off today  men, put the leashes back on your bitches "
"<propfemale> wars marathon, yesss! love 3  laugh "
"well i have nothing better to do soooo, \why whatsup?\""  smile """
"some tea and a little 2 minute paint doodle, relaxes the crazies "
"oh, i dislike waking up from naps very much   feels like a baby hangover ugh -_-"
"i finally made a tumblr, those that have one follow me  love  http annoyed  mainstreetbrat tumblr com "
i'm not a fan of this noise making bird outside my window  be gone you winged beast!
watching green street hooligans; one of my favorite movies 
"i feel like if you can't spell simple words, you probably shouldn't do drugs or drink anymore  just a thought "
"jamming to <propfemale> with my mama in the car, oh yeah very gangsta of her  laugh "
i see nachos in my future 
"i discovered something today with demi leach, that sitting backwards on the bus seats is way more comfortable!"
i'm officially obsessed with tumblr  dammit -_-
don't you hate when you wake up at an awkward hour and you can't fall back asleep? i'm debating if i want cereal  blllaaahhh 
why do some certain girls these days think they’re hot shit? when in reality you’re kind of annoying! just keep your mouth shut and we’ll be good   smile 
"slushies, thrifting, and gangster rap "
"thank you everyone who said happy birthday to meee, you guys are all awesome lovely people!  laugh   love  ^ ^"
ew wtf? i don't know why that bothers me so much but it does  annoyed 
i just found my old pokemon cards! talk about an amazing night!
"hey sweetie, there's this thing you should get acquainted with and it's called class "
