72d7377979a1a4f0524a6531c273b8df
is plotting for father's day 
could have waited a week or five for that   
has too much to read   
is pretty excited for camp!
is off to camp  smile 
had an amazing week at camp!
is off to play rook and kill zombies
is ready for history to be over 
detektivbyrån is great fun!
"history is all over!     well, history 121 is "
is going a bit decoupage crazy 
"left for dead, cognitive processes, the <propfemale> ratio and cultural assessments make for a lovely night "
"\you know i dreamed about you twenty-nine years before i saw you \"""""
is victorious!
sleep is over-rated
continues to be victorious!
loves meteor showers
school!
is bad at sleeping  smile 
is going to beat her parents at rook 
is off to a full day tomorrow 
has too much caffeine in her system 
is ready for some fun 
is zombie killing 
is off to youth 
needs to get some sleep tonight  if you see me on here please smack me  smile 
really wants a lotr marathon  anyone game?
"wishes she knew the right thing to say  \i'm so sorry\"" doesn't even seem to scratch the surface """
for the first time in her life cannot get enough  smile 
"- his love is over, it's underneath, it's inside and it's in between every occurrence of our lives "
is going swimming with the lovely <propfemale> magoon!
had a great day  smile 
is off to have fun with kee!
"is rather tuckered, but is off to school and work "
is sick  annoyed 
is amazed at how quickly nyquil knocks you out 
: now that my dad is out of town my cat can't get enough of me - i told you he liked me better <propfirst>!
doesn't remember why she thought taking a 7-10:15pm class sounded like a good idea   
braveheart!
adores having mondays off 
had two of her classes canceled  smile 
sushi with em 
fermented watermelon… yummy
weekend!
goodnight  smile 
"\you know you have a permanent piece of my medium sized american heart \""  smile """
rook and <propmale> time
is loving the weather 
"is testing to see if she has a caffeine addiction, and has gone 42 hours without the stuff  great success!"
thinks sleep is rather fun   
has a broken laptop  sad 
grrrrr laptop!
is reformatting her deathly laptop 
should do socio work but enjoys sleeping 
is back to having a fully operational laptop  smile 
now has a much needed weekend  smile 
boniverboniverboniver!  smile 
<propfemale> gazing  smile 
: terrified of wheezing deers!
has a new found love for over-medium eggs
is off to another session of her most pointless class
is excited for tomorrow!
had a grand time at flashover!
"college apps    fun, no?"
left 4 dead and zombieland!
is saddened by her aweful excuse for a laptop  sad 
is a belligerent chess player  smile 
raisin bran *crunch!*
"breakfast with the ladies, socio paper on the shining double murder and a matrix marathon! grand day, eh?"
matrix with joj and kee!
really really wished that dvc cared to celebrate <propmale> day!
was ine playful licably chased around the house by a mad man with an airsoft gun  uncouth!
"is feeling rather soggy, but is loving the weather "
"is sick again  not cool man, not cool "
"we live in a beautiful world - yeah we do, yeah we do "
"1 5 papers down,  5 to go!"
finished! after much procrastination
is a bit confused by the whole college thing   
loves worship  smile 
is suprisingly bad at tetris
sociology gives me a headache!
"<propfirst> locke, what were you thinking?"
"\i can't quite hit the nail on the head  i don't know what i dislike about the guy  i've got a lot of mean things to say about him    and not all of them are true \"" - lovely kee <propmale> lol"""
is disneyland bound!
is home!
i shall call him squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my squishy!
procrastination!
is blessed to have so many wonderful people in her life
writers block    d'oh!
wants more rain!
is a human popsicle
whhhy do you build me up (build me up) buttercup baby just to let me down?
3000+ word paper in a day    not too bad 
"according to <propfirst>, i'm a chicken pecking texter  smile "
off to the outlets with em  shall be a grand day!
has developed the sleeping patterns of a 74 year old and is off to get some shut-eye 
dexxx-terrr!
feels rather corny (oh well) and is off to be with family  smile 
"zombie killing, rook and middle earth!"
just submitted her uc apps  smile 
great way to bring in december  smile 
signing up for dvc classes is a hefty headache
is stealing her kitten's body heat after working at the tree lot 
snow?!?
"is only 10 days, 11 classes and 2 assignments away from freedom!"
has a new found fondness of alpacas 
"three finals down, two to go "
feels very loved 
shine on you crazy <propfemale> 
: nervik family christmas!?!? oh joy!
clean clean clean    yuck
loves bon iver and hand made blankets
was stupid and got a virus  sad 
wants to punch all college apps in the face 
is heaps lost brew!
wills for your rice to be fluffy and for your toast to be tasty 
tricksey hobbitses
stupid <propfemale>!
is beginning to develop the sleeping patterns of a geriatric
the national is coming to oakland!
loves the students and staff of cyc 
is starting her third decade of living!
turn the white snow red as strawberries in the summertime   
wants to traipse through the <propmale> with <propfirst> sharpe & the magnetic zeros 
sasquatch!
weekend in tahoe  smile 
"\the thing about pleasure is that it can be very    pleeeaaasurable!\"""""
got in to ucsd  smile 
bowwwling with joj and sunbear!
sweeeeeeet disposition
will be free in 6 hours 
strongly discourages eating year and a half old abalone  just don't do it!
is building her computer with her brother  he's doing most of the work  smile 
got her profile hijacked    sorry if you got odd postings from me 
is going down to sd to tour the campus!
was accepted and is planning on going to berkeley!!
"two things you told me: that you are strong and you love me  yes, you love me  smile "
"\there's a? possum in the tea\"" - lykke <propfemale>"""
"is highly confused! why meee? i'm happy, but i don't get it   "
"three down, two to go! and then sasquatch and berk!"
has completed her <propmale> career!
sassssssquatch!!!!!!
seattle and sasquatch was amazing!
"long but good day  eleven apartment viewings down, three to go "
has an apartment!
good music and movies with the ms  <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile 
why is the national so amazing?
"after much procrastination, i finally finished my student orientation  i feel rather accomplished  smile "
is officially a <propfemale> bear  smile 
camp!
had an amazing week at camp!
"\what's so amazing about grace?\""     we shall see!"""
"<propfemale> wars gps! yesssss!\\http annoyed  video yahoo com watch 7865856\\http annoyed  video yahoo com watch 7866068"
is sunburned to the color of raw hamburger 
"half man, half bear, half pig "
wants to work for the ijm!
"\let's give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance \"""""
shared joy is double joy and shared sorrow is half sorrow 
is playing the game of life with sunbear and joj 
harrrrrrry potter!
school is sneaking up on me   
now lives in berkeley!
first day of classes at berkeley!  smile 
"animal collective, why have i overlooked you all these years?"
"my dad just proof read my paper about 1950s gender norms and told me \do well in your class and i'll buy you an apron for christmas!\"""""
"bagel bites, chocolate cake and superbad with my rommie  smile "
"can't sleep because she is thinking about point <propmale>, chipotle and the national  <propfemale> and smith, what on earth are you doing to my brain?"
"success!!! six papers down, one to go, and i will have survived my first real round of berkeley midterms!"
migraines and the categorical imperative don't mix well   
has a fully functioning desk lamp thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> schnair!
just realized how close the end of the semester is  smile 
go bears!!
hobbes' sovereign: prepare to be debunked!
mmm stomach flu
"'s alarm didn't go off, and she has two 8 am finals next week  can it be trusted?!"
"nyquil, you are my friend!!"
is a chocolate milk fiend!
survviiiiivvvvved!
 smile   smile 
is setting up her first ipod  smile 
"hey, what's brown and sticky?! a stick!"
buzz buzz
is back in berkeley
mmm space heaters!
i had an amazing (& une playful ectedly festive) 21st  thank you for all of the birthday wishes and to all of the people that made my day amazing  smile 
the next sentence is true  the previous sentence is false   
wheeler hall is being reoccupied? i'm going to go see!
ran her cellphone through the washer an dryer haha  that sucks   
success!!
has a mustached kitten in her lap 
you go <propfirst> coco!
has had a lovely time chatting with <propfemale> panico while we were waiting for our cake to bake - twenty minutes later we realized that you need to turn on the oven for batter to turn into cake 
just signed up for the june lsat  surprise 
i finished off my first year of cal!
the cake is a lie   
was just rickrolled by <propfirst> nervik
"is taking the lsat this afternoon - pray for me, if you would be so kind  smile "
camp!
signaturedishwondersquashgetout!
has internet!
well that was an adventure and a great success!
