39b72a963e6f6aa23aca18003d6fc25c
just got her license! woohoo!
goin to the peninsula tomorrow! very exciting!!
today was sooo fun!
watchin that 70's show  i think i have seen every single episode!
gettin ready for the bonfire  woohoo!
"bonfire was fun, but ended kind of badly  uh-oh   "
is excited for volleyball tomorrow!
varsity volleyball retreat was a blast!!
doing spanish homework    why did i take this class again??!
has to get up early tomorrow for 6am practice!! uh-oh   
is going shopping tomorrow  smile 
first volleyball game tomorrow at ferndale  very excited!!
home volleyball game tomorrow vs  stanwood!
dang we lost  sad 
is glad its the weekend already!!
'nother vball game tomorrow @home  smile 
wow the weekend went by really fast!     sad 
yay we finally won! woohoo!! beat mariner 3-0
feels like crap  l hate being sick!!
uw volleyball game was very fun with my team!  smile 
team dinner was very delicious!
game tomorrow at oak harbor  wow thats a long ways away!
went to my first soccer game this season   good game but very cold!!!
homecoming game was fun!!
last home game tomorrow    so sad!!
last game tomorrow    and then our season is done  sad 
is ready for sides tomorrow!!
is extremely glad that we don't have school tomorrow 
is excited to <propfemale> out with my little sister on saturday!!  wink 
is going to see bye bye <propfemale> tonight with <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile 
made the northshore u17 team yesterday!!
is sad that my practice tonight was rescheduled     sad 
is really excited for our first volleyball practice tomorrow!!
had a fun time kickboxing with my lil sis  smile 
really really hopes school is cancelled tomorrow!!!!     
just wishes it was winter break already!!
is extremely tired after 4 hours of volleyball practice
got my xmas shopping done today  smile  haha only a little late     
is really worried        
<propfemale> christmas!!!  smile 
is parentless for 9 days  woohoo!!!
"best new years ever, by far  smile "
i love my best friend <propfemale> swegle  smile 
is extremely excited for desperate housewives to start in 12 minutes!!
white  wink 
super tired after the tournament this weekend
aaannnnnddddd      done!!
"yay saints!, screw homework, good tourney, dear <propfirst> is amazing  pretty much sums up my weekend  smile "
good game tonight  smile 
loves the sunshine  smile 
had an awesome time at the beach!!  smile 
wants to sleep  a lot 
time to go coach  smile 
the weekend isn't coming fast enough!
cant wait for summer
oh my goodness! its dumping buckets outside right now!! awesome  smile 
"oh man, spanish ap test tomorrow  yikes!"
gracias  smile 
cinco de mayo tomorrow= grande fiesta in spanish!  smile  me gusta
so so so so glad we have no school tomorrow!
ready for summer     
gettin ready to go babysit  oh man     
spiders need to go to hell and never come back
had a good practice tonight  smile 
loves sleeping in til one smile 
my mind cannot even comprehend it     
last volleyball practice is over  sad 
pumped for the <propfemale> city classic!!
gold division tomorrow! yeeehaw!!
"good season, northshore  smile "
is making a spanish video  super funny haha
i hate finals!
is tired 
is party hoppin!   smile 
its been a fun weekend!!!  smile 
i  love  <propmale> <propmale> jokes!
1 2 day to go      then bring on the summer!!
was a super fun party!  smile 
watchin' top gun  smile 
donde <propfemale> el <propfirst>?
gonna go for a run     
is painting!
wants to be watching fireworks!
sore tired and hungry is not a good combination 
just got a haircut!
"man, it's cold! getting new carpet today!"
"two's company, three's a crowd "
"3 hours down, 7 more to go"
"<propfemale> skies, cool waves, and good times  smile "
girls night!!
painting the dining room today!
and      it's shark week!!
goin fishin'   smile 
had a fun time at the festival of the river!
feels good to play again  smile  off to kayak point!
lookin forward to my last high school season!
yeeehaw won our first game! ahs volleyball: 1 - 0   \\ngreat job tonight ladies!!
ugh im <propfemale> tired  game tomorrow at <propmale>!
thanks to the stupid punks that stole all of our stuff  i think that is the best way that i can word it 
home game tomorrow night vs lynnwood!!
breast cancer awareness game tomorrow in oak harbor!
just not my day 
spained my ankle today  awesome  glad our next game isnt til tuesday!
silvertips suite! yeah ya!!
we definitely have the best team dinners  my abs hurt so bad! haha
i can't believe senior night has come and gone      no more home games  ever 
incredibly frustrated
i cant believe that all of my years of high school volleyball are over  it went by too fast   sad 
just got done with my official visit      should i join the uw crew team?  smile 
woohoo! tips game baby!
well it's official      im going to uw next year and joining the womens crew team  smile 
soooo excited for <propmale> potter tomorrow! had to prepare tonight by having a <propmale> potter movie marathon with <propfemale>  smile 
i love snow
"most people have 1,000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know most of you won't repost this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting it, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
just submitted my application to uw! i feel so accomplished  smile 
decorating the christmas tree  smile 
snl  love 
yikes
my thermometer says it's 107 8 degrees outside      haha not quite
out to breakfast with the bestie  smile 
my popo jojos taste good with ketchup! -<propfemale> swegle
"up up here we go, let's fly"
vote for the boys basketball team on q13fox com!! the vote is on the right side of the <propfemale>! vote as many times as it will let you
dance party at the bowling alley!!
off to the senior dinner dance!  smile 
getting up at 3am is not really my cup o tea 
first volleyball practice went well  smile  i'm excited for the season!
i never would have guessed that  a bonfire in the rain could be fun  smile 
t minus 6 hours
the big one-eight  smile  thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
