18fdf75362388eb0243f395d0c2ed0a7
i guess 18 holes just wasn't enough for you huh tiger?
went to the beer store an hour ago     im already out
entertain me people
"4chan died     oh no, what shall i do?"
today i accepted that im just a sociopath with good people skills       thoughts?
gtfo and take ur fail with you
the answers always waiting at the liquor store
"rocked out to road block, with <propfirst> <propmale> and the pain last night"
the answers always waiting at the liquor store
doing my first painting     god i suck
doesnt want to drink anymore and needs your help
"just did a sensory deprivation, cant get more relaxed than this"
"when they come for me ill be sitting at my desk with a gun in my hand, wearing a bullet proof vest  thinkin my oh my how the time has flown when you know you're gonna die by the end of the night ~ streetlight manifesto"
i quote shakespeare in an epic portrayal and <propfemale> says this is what its like when you dont drink
got served my divorce paperwork at work today infront of all my managers     if you need me ill be passed out at home with my wild turkey for the next few days
"opened a new bottle and threw away the cap, cant beat that family tradition "
"open sesame, here comes rasta man abracadabra, catch me if you can"
"turn it up until its just a little too loud, then its right"
ive misplaced my opinion! someone please tell me what its supposed to be 
"aint it funny, how everybody knows but you?"
new plan    stay too tired to feel angry or upset
hear the soldiers marching and yell you dont need guns to change the world!
"i will be the one to say no, i will not stand for it!"
i dont want to hurt you    but if you force me to its going to be permanent 
"ask for the stars, you might get a piece of the <propfemale>"
"just read my daughter our first bed time story together over skype, technology is great"
wishes he could turn off all the religious spam people are shoving into their statuses
"9 surprise 0pm saturday, may 29th at house of bricks rude punch and roadblok!"
\how can i have hope for a nation that regularly protests tax cuts that \,18fdf75362388eb0243f395d0c2ed0a7,"misses good news    now its all just evil stuff, mean people and bad things"
you are the feces that is produced when shame eats failure
feelin like a <propfirst> tonight
"you're awfully cute, but, unfortunatly for you, \you're made of meat"
"look at the size of that beast, its huge!\(dude fucks with it)\oh great, now its angry and huge"
bbq some chicken and be thankful it aint you! new rebelution! where you at!
"yell it out!!!! gotta gotta try for tomorrow, you cant see through today!"
"omg a new smart phone, quick everyone upgrade!"
loves coming home to be greeted by his womans who also happens to be holding a warm plate of food for him
dont taze me bro!
would someone please e playful lain to me why i can buy poisons at the store that are authorized for human consumption by my government 
do you know your neighbors anymore?
"every day is sunday, when you're unemployed \sounds pretty good man, i should be overjoyed \yeah everyday is sunday!\but every day is sunday, and friday never comes "
august first    officially broke and living on <propfemale> now
has a face that was launched to sink   
flood waters are knee high at my apartment already
we've been evacuated from our apartment  neck high flood waters  anyone have a place to stay? <propfemale> and i are pretty desperate 
"back home finally, thanks a bunch <propmale>"
i need a job    someone    anyone    please!
comitting myself tonight to <propfirst> greely    i need your support ill be at the hospital for a few weeks
back home!
thank you target for failing to attend my unemployment hearing! now youll pay me to sit at my house!
the best part about living in iowa is the central time zone    adult swim starts an hour early!
angry beavers marathon 
im so sharp i musta stepped in the knife box last night 
im so sharp i musta slept in the knife box last night 
needs friends     in the real world
"sometimes i miss my drill sgts, \ you're as useful as a shit flavored lollipop maggard!"""
"\i take my shots straight out of the jug \"""""
"has never pleased anyone, made anyone happy, or ever been good enough  feel free to humor with anecdotes if you feel otherwise "
new phone! i will get the number out there 
yes i can hear myself when i talk     isnt it weird? ya know    like    saying what you think  even though its not socially acceptable 
is super psyched to get tatted up today! its been too long 
lovin my new tat 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have been eaten by dragons  the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers "
"will be in florida this december! woot! tell everyone im comin, and hells comin with me "
found out today that my dad of 100+ more pounds and 30 more years has about the same cholestorol of me and he has better blood pressure than me     damnit
florida trip is official! ill be in town on the 15th through january 4th!
impossible to walk in this muck  no footing at all 
"you better take care of me lord, cause if you don't    you're gonna have me on your hands "
damn i miss jumpin out of planes  airbrone all the way!
anyone around ames wana play some paintball? lookin to get some people together that wana get some real military training 
is no longer going to jaded angel   jaded lotus tattoos due to extreme rudeness  go fuck yourselves 
don't take any guff from those swine man!
welcome to date rape    enjoy the pain~emergen-c commercial
today i saw these three guys mugging an old lady so i got involved  she was a tough old broad but in the end we got her purse 
brew masters tonight at 10! 9c
so apparently im only 76% evil
anyone who doesnt support full on war with north korea is a communist  bring back hatred against anyone not democratic 
"everybody dies, but not everybody lives "
just pick a dead end and chill out till you die ~ <propmale>
leaving for florida in 9 days!
"its okay, im in control     im not sure about these people though "
"away you fiend! nothing, i want nothing!"
"rolling blue mountain, cresting over the hill top"
"oh eastern time zone, i missed you so "
"that's not a tool, its a brick "
what the hell is he doing? some kinda <propfemale> queer doe i think 
there's no room under the tree 
just watched a successful thorcotamy 
your little sister loves you a whole bunch!!
ow     sad face 
everywhere i go people ask me to take my shirt off 
"that is a terrible, completely self destructive plan and i'm totally behind you 100% "
is safely back in lames with his sexy piece of ass 
"me: hey <propfemale>, let me get three fingers of milk baby \\tanya: like    butterfingers?"
doesnt need to get a yes    she'll scream it eventually 
really hate eating sushi with a fork     about to start carrying around my chopstix again
"buying canvas tomorrow, yay!"
can you feel that captain compost!?
the eagles are getting beat like one of <propfirst> vick's dogs 
gah! i havnt been tattooed for a week!
the panamera turbo    for those of us that want to do 180 in a 4 door 
is hot like mexico  laugh 
with a table always set                 for guests that never came 
deserves a piece of the high-life 
you seem somewhat familiar   have i threatened you before?
is having the pleasure of healing two tattoos at once    
so i just watched all of spartacus    deffinately the most sex and boobs ever in a tv show 
the damn coffee table ambushed my toe!
"and yes, i do know everything    i have google on my phone "
"barring it up tonight in ames, whos coming with me!"
"live version of in a gadda da <propfemale>,,, 17 anda half minutes long?!"
i love going to the dairy part of the store and pushing the milk back at the stocker! can't catch me  playful 
i just opened a 4 loko and my liver quivered
for the record     i hate painting snowflakes
looking for a ride to the roadblok show tonight w  <propfirst> <propmale> and the pain! ill pay gas!
go egypt! its fun to watch the police get chased for once 
need a ride to dsm from ames like asap  will cover gas!
is excited to have been the first sperm 
i dont wana get attacked by a giant shrubbery man    that seems excessive 
ate a can of greenbeans for dinner
power rangers: samurai starts monday! yea!
is sick of stupid people whining about their whole inch anda half of accumulated snow     you know we got atleast a half of foot the night and its still there and will be until april
is addicted to the smell of green soap and vaseline 
wants to make deviled eggs from ostrich eggs
you got shrunk <propfemale> mouthwash!
"note to self\\lead, zinc, gold, coal, iron, coal "
"some people have hopes and dreams, some people have ways and means "
can't stop puking  sad 
can almost put my hair up again!
we've got cans of alcoholic unicorn blood!
"you believe in gods, i believe in men "
plus she let me wear my chain and my turtle neck sweater 
"shes fallen hard for me, i can see it in her eyes  she acts just like a nurse, with all the other guys "
"sir, i think youve gone mad with power    \\ofcourse i have! have you ever tried going mad withouth power? its embarassing   people laugh at you "
is that thunder i hear! fuk ya
"look its <propmale> mandela, i didnt know he could act"
you know you're hungry when you bite your own finger 
give this man your finest trouser arouser 
is in love with bellatrix lestrange
"oh hell i left your car seat in the catalouge    well just sit in my lap, itll be safe"
"sorry i was down at the gun club playing russian roullette      oh neat baby, did you win?     you're uh not really familiar with game huh?"
the american translation is: many tentacled monsters from hell conquer the innocence of school girls      which you can see has much marketing value
is that legal? uh    define legal
wishes his mouth had a backspace button
everyone should tell me about their tattoos  i want pics and meanings!
so i hear the rapture is coming on may 21st    any of you jesus freaks care to elaborate?
hey im no square but   isnt that discouraged by my operations <propmale>?
this just in: tball stand throws no hitter game!
wanting a bloody marry    hmm
"<propmale>, quit laughing and call me an ambulance    \\okay    youre an ambulance"
you know all those really hot girls in the beer commercials? yea    they dont drink beer
"take a drug test? sweet, what kind of drugs are we testing"
"no longer playing ca, feel free to remove me"
does someone have a place i can stay for a few days?
goals   workout and paint
