4fd4fa7ea97471244c1a2f9ce8b57e60
working in <propfemale> for 1 more week
"still in <propfemale>, 6 more days to go!"
glad to be home!
any nurse out there who wants new job? there are openings throughout state of ga with my company and we've been asked to help find someone for case manager position (<propmale> and atlanta) for a <propmale> insurance company 
just rolling with the punches and wondering whats coming next 
kids had a great b-day party   thanks everyone
off today and you would know i was up by 715  don't you hate that!!
is ready for a vacation!!
still sick   how long does this crap last?
       day #5 and counting
finally better today and was able to go back to work  afterwards wish i could have put it off another day or 2   but then the mess would have been just that much worse 
thank god its friday!!!!!!!!!
thanks everyone fr the birthday wishes!
have huge decision to make and either way it will effect others  please pray that i make the right choice 
never knew the kids would have so much fun in the spa tub   should have done this years ago  lol
"i do not like drama and seems my life is full of it lately   if it gets any worse i think i will go insane  everyone keep praying- i made a decision, it was lose-lose either way for some of my \girls\"""""
"today hasn't started out any better, but the kids are off to school, <propfirst> off to freeze in the deer woods, and hi ho its off to work i go"
good lord when is this weather gonna be over     hurry up spring!
people soon forget what you have done for them   or atleast until they need you again 
"so glad to be home today, but glad i got to see my grandmother while i was in <propfemale> "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry under your comments put the meaning for your name   "
its past my bedtime    why aren't these patients asleep by now  gggrrrr
superbowl sunday   am i the only one in the world that could care less?
"to celebrate <propfirst>'s day, change your profile picture to one of you and your spouse significant other and tell how long you've been together "
"middle name only! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile, and then put your middle name at the end of this sentence <i don't actually have one>"
anyone looking for new vehicle go see folks at tennesion nissan (used to be interstate nissan) and tell them i sent you      i will need the referral cash to make my payment  hahaha
"ok, so i guess something has hacked into my fb and sending out virus   do not open you tube link   i didn't send it!!!"
well after all day and over 100 00 i think my computer is free of virus   thanks <propfemale> for telling me about those messages cause lord knows how long it would have took before i would have noticed  although the pop-up porn sites today would have been a clue 
"taterbug is sick, vomited earlier now running fever  wonder how long before the rest of us comes down with it  dang i am just too busy with work to get sick!"
finally made it to <propfemale>  i saw tons of deer tonight  thank goodness i made it here without hitting one of them 
on the road again     next stop is <propfemale>
glad to be home   ready for the weekend 
"no stove for atleast a week! (its broke, can you believe that?) oh well, bout to head to town for some grub"
on the road again to <propfemale>  sure hope my guardian angel can keep up lol
soooo tired   i need a vacation!
so much to do and so little time to get it done   any volunteers?
is exhausted!!!
had a good day today    thank goodness
why is it that any given night you see all kinds of people riding with their fog lights on and then when it foggy outside you just about run over people because they don't even have on their headlights   stupidity kills me 
happy mother's day!
so ready for bed   sometimes i would like to kill some of these patients
chilling at the pool with the kids!
bad day at work yesterday lets all pray that today goes better 
had good weekend off now off to work (first day of 14)
missing <propfirst>  so ready for him to come home 
so much to do and can't talk myself into any of it
"its true-my car window was smashed and my purse (and everything everyone also tells u not to keep in there) was taken in middle of day yesterday  i was left with only a quarter, cell phone, and keys         i hope they catch the sorry a**holes "
missed my flight yesterday so drove to in  still 2 hrs from destination and 2 hrs behind      what next?
ohio this am but <propfemale> by this afternoon  will b glad to get home
so glad to have finally made it home 
finally home  omg what a day
can't wait for friday to get here 
headed to seaworld tomorrow and thunderstorms predicted all weekend   that's just my luck 
"<propfirst> is 10 today, man i am getting old  happy birthday <propfirst>!"
"conversation on waytto school this am   -tyler: have gun will travel  me: what are u talking about tyler:that's a show i watch with poppa  hailey: gunsmoke, starring <propfirst> <propfemale>    pow   pow  tyler:bonzana is the best    just don't know why they had to kill off <propfirst>   (lol) thank goodness for poppa and encore western channel"
is it friday yet?
well friday is over    hope that saturday doesn't pass so fast 
almost in waycross    can't wait to get home!
is wishing i could have stayed in bed this morning 
bonfire with kids  smile 
<propfirst> stole rocks from national park  what r kids facinated with rocks? seems i remember someone else stealing rocks  lol
no lights  and yes i paid the <propmale> (this month) lol
"happy thanksgiving everyone, try not to eat too much!"
"#2- the best friend any one could ask for  we always have the best time, will never forget all our crazy adventures!"
can someone plzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me why we can't go one afternoon without one of the kids screaming crying- grrrrr  i think i need meds
omg   i hate target!
had a great time tonight at my surprise birthday party  thanks everyone  i still can't believe everyone kept the secret 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
"so tired, sure hope i will be able to get everything done"
grilled cheese sandwich and cereal-dinner of champs
"my work (secure care),has partnered with american diabetes association in a fundraising event called kiss a pig we r selling \scentsy\"" (home car fragrances) all proceeds are going to <propfemale>  pls help support us by making a purchase  they make great gifts  visit libbiecollins scentsy com (click our link) or contact me to order """
2nd fundraiser-rada cutlery  please help us raise money for <propfemale> (diabetes association)  order online at helpourfundraiser com (order#503061 password:kisspig) or contact me  last day 2 28 11  orders will arrive by 3 15 
don't forget to order scentsy warmers or rada knives to help us raise money 4 amer  diabetes assoc  we are also looking for t-shirt sponsers for the 5k fundraiser event (march)  if you are interested in any of the fundraisers let me know or helpourfundraiser com (#503061 kisspig) or libbiecollins scentsy com (kiss a pig party) to order online  repost if you'd to help efforts
last day for scentsy fundraiser is tuesday (2 1)  please let me know (or see previous posts) if you want to order to help our efforts for american diabetes association  they smell wonderful and its for a good cause!
