e15614c9cfcb11134597f3538f7f6719
happy new year  smile 
grad party 2moro!!!!!!
goin' to see transformers    robots in disguise  smile 
transformers was awesome thinkin about seein it again
today is my bday!!!! officially legal
so bored!!!!!
so much homework   this bites
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!
i had the best dream ever!!!! i was hanging out with people from glee! that made my day
had a great day out with the girls nd <propfirst>  baskin nd robbins smoothie was the bomb  nite nite every1
<propfemale> christmas  god bless  smile 
i jst made a blog all by myself its pdorris <propfemale> blogspot <propfemale> com    leave some comments bitches
i had lunch with a stuffed animal in my car because big bird told me to and he's my leader hahaha
i feel free and spontaneous right now  smile 
saint won  oh yeah!!!! 31-17
saints won!! oh yeah 31-17
looking for that missing piece  smile   of what i don't know
today is super nice outside yet i have nothing to do   this is how people get into trouble! it all starts with boredom hahaha
raindrops falling on my head   i love the rain   today  maybe not so much tomorrow  love   love   love 
you can't force two opposing hearts to join as one  grrr 
just got back from seaside  totally chilled out now  start new classes tomorrow  wink 
i just want to get in a car and drive for a while   i am due for a substantial road trip
reflection is in order for today  smile 
had a dream that i caught a big fish so that means someone is coming to visit or someone is prego!!!!
totally procrastinating to write this english essay
english professor told me my essay was so good she might use it as an example  holla!!! thats how we smarty's roll
on the kitchen table hahaha  smile 
its funny how life goes on  sometimes even without you
totally awesome day  smile   love 
so glad the weekend is almost here  smile 
yesterday was amazing  hopefully today can be just as fun or even better  smile 
i want to party so bored right now!!!!
"this research essay is killing me   and my bed looks so nice and comfy, pillows are all nice and fluffy today  darn sleep is my kryptonite   must stay awake and d-feat essay     "
beyond bored  need to get out the house 4 sho
"wow it's late, yet there are still a lot of ppl on facebook  definitely some summer fever goin around, i know i got it  smile  lol"
life definitely has some une playful ected tosses and turns lol
today royally sucked!!! tomoro better b better
parents piss me off  mainly my mom  more than u know   so ready to fly solo!!!!
where is the sun??!!!!
"had all the boys sayin i didn't know she could get down like tht last night!!!\it was fun, now i just want to chill  smile "
is moving to arizona   bye bye bonney lake  smile 
happy 4th of july!!!!  smile 
sooooooooooooooo boreddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so excited to be alive    i love life  playful 
my bday is in 13 days!!!!!
your love is my drug boy  smile  hahaha
my brother is bein mean   wish i had super powers to zap his ass!!!!
birthday in 3 days!!!!!! finally gonna b the big one nine    i think i deserve lots of gifts lol
i'm officially the big 19 oh yeah    not that i can do anything that i couldn't do when i turned 18 lol
im melting !!!!!!!
wants to be out of the house!!!!!!!!!
today was definitely a chill day   plus i love the rain!!!!!
got a new phone finally!!!
"sometimes u think ur strong, when the truth is tht ur not  life could be so simple if people whatms not  everything withers and eventually dies, but u wont see tears come out my eyes  hurt is inevitable and i've come to e playful ect it  however the stregnth ght lies inside me will not waiver or be put out  this is the beginning  smile "
"rihanna's \only girl (in the world)\""  is my jump right now  smile """
yay the clippers won!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sleeeeeeeepppppppppppyyyyyyyyyyy!!
i got my license!!!!!!!! yes finally  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!!!!
tryna figure out how she's supposed to get to <propfirst>'s new years party when the ground is completely ice!!!!
"so malachi <propfemale> is the best brother in the world! he is handsom and smart and all the girls want him, and when it comes to me i feel inferior to him because he is the <propmale> of all things  ahhh i wish you guys all had a brother like mine  smile !"
"some random dude jst txt'd me \lalalalalala i wrote tht jst for u\""   it was a song i guess but it wasnt for me!!! super awkward lol but now im talkin to him and he seems pretty nice """
yay clippers won  smile 
yay it's <propfemale> today!!!!!!
dag nabbit theclippers lost!!! flagrant foul ?!  get outta here!!!!!!
the day is always better after ur fav team wins  smile 
