9b696302269ff028c601023051e78279
"dear pessimism:  you are no longer welcome here   please vacate the premises by the end of the week, which is- oh look- tomorrow   get out or i'll throw you out   love, <propfemale> "
is a master of the game-planning variety 
"is at the hospital with the boy, and his hair looks like the heatmeiser "
"loves her roommate, the awesome <propfirst> barron    and her shovel"
"is spending her first night in a hospital   not as a patient, but still   "
finally got to bring <propfirst> home   now he's recuperating    or should i say being lazy and playing more nintendo than can possibly be healthy?
loves you all   congratulations to you 
"gets to entertain small children for hours on end!  coincidentally, i plan on being dead tomorrow "
wishes she were asleep but has to find the damn directions first 
just got back from fort knox and out of the dress of doom!
"bought a car and named him <propmale>   what can i say, he's my italian stallion    rawr!!!!"
still has so much to get done before thursday   
noticed a distinct lack of urinetown today    and missed it   boo 
"got in a car wreck, made some friends, started college classes, and ate some easy <propmale>    good week "
is taking a while to rest before heading off to the next religion class   apparently my college schedule set aside tuesdays and thursdays for jesus 
"hopes to get a job on campus, and may possibly be hired as a sunday morning pianist for the church across the street!"
"finds the debate between socrates and the sophists fascinating   how much of ourselves can we devote to truth, when there is no one ultimate truth?  all our ethical decisions are influenced by shades of grey "
"should have been asleep long ago, but became obsessed with uploading a ridiculous amount of pictures onto facebook   class in five hours, whoo!"
"thinks it's a good thing she has practice functioning on three hours of sleep    unhealthy, but good "
wishes you all a <propfemale> christmas!
just watched an affair to remember for the first time   glad i got to share this awesomely miserable e playful erience with my favorite roomie!
"feels traumatized by the sight of the football team doing a cheer outside her dorm    wearing nothing but thongs   thanks, guys "
got a job!  hooray for me!
found five dollars   not really   but she did eat a cookie    not really   but she does suspect she may be on crack right now 
"is back home!  for a little while, anyway   urinetown tonight, and i can't wait!"
should never be allowed into barnes and nobles unaccompanied    ever 
"is cuddling with her roommate    but <propfirst> doesn't know it   yeah, i'm a creeper "
just got mauled by an angry roommate with a lightsaber   the force is strong with her 
"is stoked to own dr  horrible's sing along blog on dvd, and plans on forcing <propfirst> to watch it    because good friends do stuff like that "
"seriously loves her music appreciation class, even if i've known everything we've gone over so far    <propfemale>, check; tempo, check; dynamics, check "
is about to go watch a movie with a large <propmale> prostitute doing what she does best in it   thank heavens for honors english 112!
"feels a complete fool, and hates her brain both for containing the memories and playing them over and over "
thinks tonight is turning from a terrible night into the best night of her life 
loves messaging <propfirst> on facebook even though she's sitting a few feet away   roomie love!
"is going to shower, then <propfemale>'s 18th b-day party!  yay for our little corner of knight hall!"
is steadily falling in love with the next to normal soundtrack 
is heading back to georgetown right    about    now!
"wants to play <propfemale> in next to normal   the phrase \art imitates life\"" comes to mind """
would apparently best be played by <propfirst> spader   who knew he and i looked so much alike?
wishes <propfirst> pan would fly in right about now to save her from this whole growing-up business   
is busy making with the awkward silence 
just e playful loded   clean up in room 149 
feels the dread <propfemale> to stay sleeping creeping up again 
hates that all this talking might as well be silence 
"dear class,      you suck              sincerely,             <propfemale>"
"is playing the game of \can i pick this lock?\"" outside her dorm room   quick answer: no """
found out it's adhd awareness month   be aware of me!  be aware!
"had a great night morning with jenn, <propfirst>, and <propmale>    and is really glad this is the weekend!"
just found out that darth maul played snake eyes    too much awesome to handle!
"and she may cry, but her tears will dry when i hand her the keys to shiny new australia   "
loves watching stupid internet videos with friends 
got two new nicknames in one night: peanut and bendy!
"me: <propfirst>, how did you find my magic button? katie:     that's what she said "
has an hour to kill before music appreciation   i just love classes where i already know the answers!
is getting ready to study for tomorrow's new testament test   jesus is awesome; how much more do i really need to know?
studying is made of suck 
"just failed her new testament test   cardboard box, here i come!"
hates this place   i'm seriously regretting my college decision 
"in the past month has wrecked her car, been robbed, got kicked off campus, came back to campus only to be treated like shit, lost her roommate best friend, and left georgetown for good    on the other hand, i had a really delicious doughnut "
thinks she might have finally had the idea that has what it takes to be a book 
"was just attacked by the legendary fail whale   luckily my eternal fountain of win! conquered it   go on, village folk   praise me "
dear face: please wipe that ridiculous grin off this very instant   you're making us look like an idiot 
is stalking you   pay no attention to the girl behind the shrubbery!
would like to extend an invisitation to <propmale> crocket to her gutter-warming party 
is going to steal the piano she saw today in h&h   anyone have e playful erience breaking and entering?
"is ready to be the leading lady of her own life, damn it!"
"should be asleep, but once again i laugh in the face of sleep deprivation!  hahaha!"
"is the best sister ever!  no, seriously "
"has the heart and soul of an idealist   unfortunately, my eyes are realists and my brain's downright pessimistic "
"wonders how reasonable deciding to shop for swimsuits in the dead of winter really is   piece of cake, right, <propfirst>!?"
"dear life:  well played   once again, i lose   sincerely, <propfemale>"
guess who's playing <propfemale> in the henderson production of rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead?  i'll give you a hint: it's me!!!!!!!!
is filled with evil glee- the best kind 
gets to celebrate her almost-birthday with her bestest friend tonight!  hooray for probation!
"is looking forward to celebrating tomorrow    for my birthday!  haha!  suck it, <propfirst>'s day!"
"dear self: congratulations on another successful year of not falling prey to that dread monster normality and his twin brother mediocrity   you may be strange, but boring you are not   job well done "
"thinks today should be hug a stranger day   coincidentally, i just hugged every single one of you in my mind, strangers or no "
"has a beautiful mind   an beautiful, awkward, dirty mind that poor sisters best friends should fear "
thinks that empty piece of floor is purposely mocking her with its napability 
feels like dancing   too bad i have seven left feet 
works best when she's underprepared and extremely tired   so today should go great!
loves you   that is all 
had a great rehearsal tonight!  good job to all those involved!
gets to make puppets and celebrate the joy of dr  seuss with a bunch of miniature humans   then there's the epic upcoming ali-ness   good day 
"has a huge crush on the musical jekyll and hyde, especially dangerous game   that song is powerful sexy "
really needs to stop being such a softie   especially if she's going to cry every time she has to turn down someone calling the church for a handout   must    squash    temptation    to pay    whatever they need    out of my own pocket   
"gets to be <propfemale> in the balcony scene and give jaque's monologue for hct's \twelfth night tavern \""  now i can't decide whether i'm more disappointed or excited about canceling rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead """
can't wait for twelfth night tavern this saturday at 7 smile 0!  anyone want to come?  it's free!  *subtle begging*
is going to conquer the world    first thing tomorrow   today i feel like going to the park 
felt really weird staying home rather than going to rehearsal last night   it's like a phantom limb!
"loves the weather today   seriously   i know we've had our ups and downs, but right now i'm feeling that a long-term relationship could finally work   "
"thinks it's a little ironic that her phone died the day jesus didn't   is this an omen?  if so, i am confused "
"wishes honest, respectful discussions still existed "
is staring with unparalleled longing at a box of hair dye    i miss my red hair   
"oh, look!  a box!  on the street!  *settles down inside said box*  yup, that seems about right "
"can has red hair!  oh, yes she can!"
thinks her head may very well e playful lode     wait for it    wait for it     boom!
"dear facebook, thank you for erasing my profile information   that was very kind of you   love, <propfemale>"
loves writing awkward stories for awkwarder best friends 
"is e playful eriencing glee    the emotion, not the tv show "
"just watched lost in austen   i laughed, i cried, i developed a big ole' friend crush on <propfirst> wickham (i know, right? o o)    quite the e playful erience"
is packing for grand assembly 
is too lazy to be profound 
is practicing her monologue for auditions tonight    *falls over dead*
"had never been in a car wreck that involved air bags and actual injuries    until tonight   just for future reference, nameless man in green truck: stop signs are not optional!"
wants to be <propfemale> pond when she grows up    or for halloween   whichever comes first 
took over the world today   and then she ate a cookie!  mmm    cookie   
wishes <propfirst> smith the happiest birthday ever!!!  you're so old  my friend!
"dear god, you've been putting in a rather unsatisfactory performance as of late   please consider this your last warning   if this behavior continues, i'll have to serve you your notice of termination   thanks, <propfemale>"
is doing something awesome 
"feels very warm towards humanity in general   i love you, humanity!"
"loves her new car, the formidable fraulein pumpkin   it was fun while it lasted, <propmale> "
thinks ren fest was the most awesomely awesome thing to ever be awesome 
"is a goddess, according to that dude at ren fest   nothing like a compliment from a man wearing a cape to make you feel good about yourself   "
"how about it, facebook?  group hug?"
apparently had a conversation about fictional characters making her breakfast this morning    and the strangest thing is that i wanted omelettes   note to all future imaginary friends who fix me breakfast: pancakes for the win!
just remembered several things that make her extremely happy: 1  in just a few hours my bestie will (try to) teach me more ballroom dancing for the upcoming asbury trip   2  there is an upcoming asbury renfest trip this weekend!  and 3  halloween is in almost three weeks!  <propfemale> and costumes and parties rock my socks!
has a status   for the first time in months   what an auspicious event   i wonder if i spelled auspicious correctly   
hears the ocean is big and blue and awesome   one day i plan to see it   possibly to run into it fully clothed and laughing like a moron 
