26bc71b903c2f30c1bcb8be468d3e5cf
watching best damn hooters!!!!!! yay!!!!!!
i won $100 on a lottery ticket woooo!!!!!
man     im awesome!!!
"i was just thinking       i think im the most awesome person ever! dont you guys agree? lol, no but seriously    im awesome  smile "
i got my temps today woo!!!!
yay lions finally won a game after 19 straight losses lol
im sore from the work out yesterday lol
"poor tigers, that blows"
got my phone yay text me 419 407 0494
hippocrits!!!!!!
facebooks kinda lame dont you guys think?
<propmale> sharry or <propfirst> delete me from vertical toledo because i dont wanna get stuff im not a part of anymore
happy new year
messed up my toe last night          
i hate people
"did slides for vertical at cedar creek, i have to say, i havent seen slides done more beautifully than i did, i am awesome!!"
the toxic avenger is one of the best movies i have ever seen
"people, i need some poker chips for texas holdem, i seem to get in rooms where a lot of fags get lucky"
people i need some chips help me out
"my peeps, give me some poker chips      please    "
up to 3400 chips in texas holdem     no thanks to you guys
"i have 11,996 chips, thanks no one, except for someone i dont even know for 4000, you guys are not my friends"
wpp 4-life
i hate the summer heat         summer sucks
what is with these severe thunderstorms in the night?
"i did the cameras at cedarcreek saturday services, it was fun      im amazing lol"
"i love the movie breakfast club, best movie ever"
"going to go poop on my bro's drumset, whats up!?!?!?"
"the armastus band did awesome in the show, better than the headliner and majority of the other bands"
check out the armastus debut video on youtube and on their myspace
i love how the majority of the time i eat pizza i burn the top part of my mouth
5657654321654332154654654654654654 88 321654987654687645564   98798 7 6 4 6 5 4 7 8321931283173219321823171239321832173129879878979879876846545631
i am part of the kool kids klub
thanks for all the bday wishes everyone
"hey peeps check out the cod vid i put up, hard to find but put in the youtube search\\cod modern warfare 2 throwing knives ricochet secret snipes\"" check out the game me and my friend made up and some sweet throwing knife kills"""
"on youtube on the search type in \cod modern warfare 2 throwing knife ricochet secret snipes\"" and click on the link that pops up as \""cod modern warfare 2 throwing knife ricochet\"" its a cool vid with cool throwing knife kills"""
i dont like you
you suck!
"man im stuck in this chimney, im feeling powerless, hopes no one takes advantage of <propfemale> claus, im feeling very vulnerable right now, someones thinking of something naughty right now"
i hate being up early
bowling was awesome and so was billiards
on and on reckless abandon somethings wrong this is gonna shock them nothing to hold on to we'll use this song to lead you on
"to all of you going to school, goodnight!"
i really need to change my ways
my mom wants to fight with me       
the beatles rock
"when i try to let a fire burn out, it seems like more wood is placed into it"
i eat farts like chocalate  smile 
i realized     that i have no friends      lol
"the band armastus is playing at frankies this thursday and at the speedway this saturday, if you wanna come let me know and ill give you more information about it"
"hey peeps my bros band is playing this thursday and saturday, thursday at frankies and saturday at the speedway hit me up if you wanna come we got tickets"
<propfirst> got owned
"my phone is off if you try to call or text me thats why im not answering, and ill tell you when i get it turned on again"
to the omni to see armastus
im down with a sickness         and it sucks
you are really dumb    for real   
doing the production stuff at the creek is cool
i am bored    
i got boo'd last night
"going to see jackass 3d today, woo!!!"
jackass 3d was awesome!
i like watching mile <propmale> and leaving my facebook logged on!!!
"watched paranormal activity 2 today, it would of been better if there would of been better behaved people in the theatre, but its was still ok"
fable 3 tomarrow at midnight
fable 3 is awesome!!!!
got back from taking <propfirst> and <propfemale> trick or treating
does anyone have a flash drive that they dont use anymore?
"like this if you my friend and wanna stay on my friends list, if not liked i will delete you from the list\\love, <propmale>"
"if you havent already yet, check out bust-a-cap on my videos, its funny"
"hey everyone i want to say my phones off again, so if you tried to contact me and i didnt answer or reply back     you know why"
i have streptococcus       i hate my life
i dont like majority of the people on my friends list  smile 
im a banana look at me moooooove!
"i love <propfirst> howze more than anyone, he turns me on "
banana power!
im so dark         im so emo     
check out the new vid its very sad  sad 
new vid up watch it!
hey peeps the video easter egging is up check it out
2 cavities for me  smile  5 for tyler> smile 
its snowing outside yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
removal begins now?
i noticed a lot of my friend on fbook are family lol?
my dad got <propmale> rolled lol
"if you have a problem signing into youtube, use your email address?"
"out of 70 people on my friends list, i only have 7 subscribers on youtube      whats up with that guys?"
its snowing!!!!! yay!!!
9 countries watched my video farts!!
"shoveled the snow from the driveway and had a small snowball fight with <propfirst>, it was awesome!"
if i was to make a band who would wanna join it?
"new video should be up by midnight, check my status to see if its up yet, ill put it up once its edited, rendered, and uploaded to youtube, but in the meantime check out my other videos, and maybe if your cool enough you'll subscribe  smile "
watch the new video its up!!!!!!!
people!!! why arnt you watching my videos! what kind of friends are you?!?!
yay another subscriber on youtube!! and i dont think its any of you my friends
back from the dentist      im <propfemale> numb
"if you have any video ideas and wanna shoot them with me, aaaand post them on youtube hit me up  smile  you'll be famous"
if your my friend say hi to this post  smile 
subscribe to me on youtube what are you people waiting for dont make me do another friend deletion process
armastus' new song will be uploaded by tomarrow morning and maybe dead end turn by thursday
"armastus' new song will be up in around 135 minutes\youtube takes forever on some videos    "
i love how christmas is full of secrets and wonder
everyone have a good christmas mornings
"100 more views to 1000 on the youtube account! keep watching them if you do, and watch them if you don't"
sooo      whats up?
i broke my wall during one of the videos i made  sad          but i did two vids that will be edited and at least one to be put up by tomarrow night
new vid up on youtube check it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1111 views on youtube its good luck
dinner for schmucks ruined my night of watching snl on the internet
<propfemale> koenig bensch is my mom
"what a bad day, my brother <propfirst> leaves for washington and my sister <propfirst> breaks her ankle     friday sucks"
playing the ocarina of time again yes!!!!! thanks <propfirst> for the nintendo 64  smile 
so who here actually watches my videos?
"if you guys wanna see a cod fight, go to my <propfemale> i put it up, 4 parts\\and i have another video scheduled to be put up on wednesday, its a good one, so stay tuned"
"watch the new youtube video i posted, its a song, you'll like it!  smile "
"i love this weather, and for all you haters, shut up and put on extra layers"
assassins creed brotherhood multiplayer is fun!
"well guys just finished editing another video, it should be put up by tomarrow or friday"
new vid up watch it
bout to upload another vid
my mom is amazing !!!!
"lookin for peeps to do vids with me, if you have ideas and wanna put them on youtube, hit me up, i can edit  smile "
video being uploaded be up in 3 mins
"thinkin about putting a vid tomarrow, maybe even two if your lucky"
"well guys heres my youtube update\\videos uploaded: 34\\video views: 1,750\\subscribers: 24\\channel views: 758\\thats for if you care, and i still have a low amount of subs for the 60 something friends i have     come on guys what are you waiting for??"
"a vid is being uploaded right now, about 4 more mins"
200 views on my rap!!!! wooooooooooooooooooo
"finished a vid, still in editing"
leave a hate comment on my status  smile 
"can all of the people who watch my vids share them with others, and put them up as a facebook post? id appreciate it  smile "
"videos uploaded: 43\video views: 3,251\channel views: 1,008\subscribers: 27\\youtube update!"
so whats up guys how have you been? if you don't answer this question you will all recieve hate comments until you do
guys i got my first troll on youtube!!!! wooooo
so who elses power went out yesterday?
"manhunt ac brotherhood is the funnest game ever, seeya call of duty"
facebook chat can go <propfemale> itself today     
i reject you!!
"hi, how are you doing tonight?"
i got called a fag tonight        sad 
we were told to love but what i get is hate
"to all who care, i am gunna put up another stick animation tomorrow, so get excited and check out the other vids i have, if you havnt yet"
30 subscribers! yay
just got done editing one of the three vids we made and almost done with the another one     so yeah      long night
new stick animation to be put up by tomorrow night stay tuned and watch my stuff lol
watch the new vid
im sick of this suicide girl       
<propfemale> koenig bensch is a mean person who likes booting me off the computer    
<propfirst> bensch sucks
"listening to this is my rap by <propmale> bensch, man this guy has talent!!"
i love my mommy !!
"hi, how are you doing?"
<propfemale> twigg is a butt nugget
<propfirst> bensch is not my friend
"over 6,000 views on youtube woot!"
got <propfemale> twilight <propfemale> and resident evil outbreak today! yay!
