fabdbdf53562be91ebbabd5e185e01b7
kick back at manny's saturday night! no bro hoes!
kickback at cease's saturday night at 9  no bro hoes!
<propmale>'s was fun  no hangover! it's beautiful 
sledding in strawberry on monday
tired from the snow  zzzz  was fun but next time we hit the big slopes so we don't walk through the woods for about a mile 
last night was a blast! surfer on acid is some strong stuff  happy 2011!
time to board to work 
off to work we go 
was that a suprise or what!
i miss my hair  my head is turning faster than i am used to because of all the lost weight!
i need a good haircut  not one that makes me sad 
i got white hair baby!
tired tired tired  was asleep from 6-9 smile 0 am and 11am-1pm  today was a long day and manny was there most of it  hahaha
was at supercross  raarraaa! that was an bike engine   
spent 300 for school   aaaarrrrr!
another virus sent to its grave! i rock 
a tornado would be fun!
shopping for cigars after buying a humidor  i'm definitely getting some before vegas closer to the end of march!
i   am not   a w**** 
"man, i want another weekend!!!"
2 episodes and a movie away from finishing full metal alchemist
"you say you want a revolution well, we all wanna change the world "
ich habe been studiren deutsch fur funf uhrs  5 hours today! ughohugho! now my grammar is broken 
this weekend will be awesome  not because i get to do things but because i don't have to do anything  yay    
"go to urbandictionary com,type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the entry for your comments"
if i do have fun tonight it will only be for a tee bit  the night is young at 10 
not doing anything fun because of you kohl's!
lasertag saturday night at 8 at stratum  everyone is invited!
who wants to celebrate tonight? celebrate that we made it through the week without strangling anyone   laugh 
i don't mind rain  i just don't like rusted bearings from boarding in the rain 
"at asu under a covered patio, watching it pour  can see my breath  hole in shoe + wet ground= fuck!"
yeah! just finished typing up my paper on amusement parks in late 19th century europe 
eating at <propmale>'s dog house  come by if you are in the neighborhood!
glad the effers in cancun don't have service  no more rubbing it in for you pricks 
thursday's agenda: relax  i'm on vacation 
21 in a week!
how come you always feel better when you stay home sick from school?
having fun at 21 
"thanks to all who wished me a happy birthday, whether it was over the phone, on my wall, or face to face!"
3 days til liftoff
digging my hair do today 
22 and a half hours
owf!
this week went by fast  thank god 
kickback saturday 10pm at cesars 
i'm sorry everyone! there will be no kickback tonight (i already let out all my anguish listening to nirvana)  <propmale> wants to relax  but everyone is invited to laser tag! it'll be at laser quest tonight (i get off of work at 10 so that's when i'm going)- 2035 s <propfemale> school rd mesa az  hope to see you there!
she'll come back and fire to burn all the liars  leave a blanket of ash on the ground 
bought an acoustic guitar! will bring it camping along with the one i'm blowing up 
"why are we in afghanistan shooting up civilians in raids and convoy checkpoints?  terroists have guns, civilians don't  you have no honor killing innocent people "
i was at school from 9:15-8:15 today  owwff 
i wish i had a stalker  then i wouldn't be lonely! -(future lyrics for a future song in my future band)
why do they call sundays days of rest when all you do is effing work?
"somewhere out, <propfirst> is smoking it up "
human suffering anywhere concerns men and women everywhere  -elie wiesel
"getting pictures for my presentation on female genital cutting mutilation while eating leftover subway  i don't lose my appetite, my appetite loses to me!"
even my imaginary friends hate me 
my paper is making me miserable  so bad that kohl's is like an escape  less than a week   less than a week 
camping! camping! camping!
"studied from 10am when i woke up, to 11 smile 0pm  i got to wake up at 5 smile 0  camping is the only thing preventing me from killing myself "
"studied from 10am when i woke up, to 11 smile 0pm  i got to wake up at 5 smile 0 "
too much fun this weekend  just too much fun 
school's out
"those who study and work hard during the school year, get to party hard during the summer  it's only fair   smile "
these times are confusing  i'll drink to that 
summer 2010 will be awesome
i'll come back as fire and burn the liar  leave a blanket of ash on the ground 
"obey me pikachu, before i slap you!"
cigar and rum tomorrow night 
last night was fun! push me and then just touch me til i can get my satisfaction
"one time, this guy handed me a picture of him, he said,'here's a picture of me when i was younger ' every picture is of you when you were younger  -<propmale> hedberg"
i got to take my air guitar to the shop  i think its missing a couple of strings 
"thursday-get together at alyssa's\friday- kickback (place tbd)\saturday- party with ac and his co-workers and then come back to another party kickback\sunday- river\\you can't have too much fun "
"hi ho hi ho it's off to work i go  in towels and toys, in rugs and boys  hi ho hi ho hi ho hi ho "
"ac, manny, and i had fun at that party last night  me and manny tore it up on karaoke!"
there was a bird in my house a couple of hours ago! had to <propmale> it out before the cats found it 
"oh man, friday and saturday were pretty good!"
so daleina wants a facebook war? stupid!
all you need is water balloons and cake to have a good time   smile 
watching sandlot 
i'm burnt but not burntout  time to party 
happy to be sad  sad to be happy 
i worked from 5 smile 0 to noon this morning and i got an overnight tonight from 9 smile 0pm-6am  oh damn 
to work  see ya 
it's been 19 years of me dealing with you <propfirst>!
friends make the most boring things fun 
geez i've seen you a lot lately  i'm sick of you  so what are you doing tomorrow? we should <propfemale> out  haha
got brave little toaster off of amazon  needed the upgrade to dvd since i have worn the crap out of my vhs 
not everybody is working for the weekend  people at kohl's just work until we get a day off 
i fell down the stairs 
why am i still up? btw it is sooooo hard ty[pingg right now  you have no clue!
"gotta wake up at 6:40  it was either go to bed after work at 11, or go to the kickback at <propmale>'s  guess what i picked "
i-am not-a whore 
insomnia- i think i have it 
don't deny it <propfemale>  me and manny are sexy beasts!
one month from now it'll be all over  i got cali at least 
oh boy  what a night 
"reily, you cost me 72 bucks haha! oh well "
"mental conseling, doc? you want me to go through mental conseling?"
despicable me in 3d- i liked it 
casino 2night w  manny and ac 
california in less than 10 days  oh right!
why can't i go to sleep!!!?
so i worked early ass morning with zero hours of sleep and slept most of the day  now i am nocturnal 
"it just dawned on me  mormons are tough sob's  no drinking, no sex b4 marriage, and you have to bike in dress clothes in the 120 degree heat!"
"i'm probably gonna have trouble sleeping  anyone, wanna <propfemale> out tonight?"
ima gonna get me hair braided in california 
california was awesome  i felt so at home there it was disturbing 
"i'd rather be hated for who i am, than loved for who i am not - <propmale> cobain"
great futurama: lethal inspection  so glad futurama is back!
"people stay together because of loneliness, not loyalty "
vegas possibly this weekend?
"after vegas, the ride home, and the overnight, i think i'm gonna go to sleep "
"vodka+coke+cool friends (not in person, but oh well)+great music=happiness"
i think it's easier to survive without money than it is without friends 
who's down for the meteor shower august 11th 12th?
had more fun friday night saturday morning with <propmale> after 8 and a half hour shift  hopped from bar to my backyard 
broke even last night at casino arizona! the guy next to me hit on 2 aces! idiot!
go see inception  great movie that screws with your mind by the time you walk out the theater 
glad i don't have a car to sticky note 
go outside and look at the stars!
manetine's date tonight  some lucky girls have 2 sexy dates 
missing you two!
we're coming to save you girls from despair and surrealness! let's roll manny 
life is beautiful and ugly  lovely and lonely  happy and depressing 
stupid phone! i hate being one of those people 
i'm a smooth operator that only the greatest girls call ; )
waiting for my class at asu  3 hours!
"i'm flipping a coin annoyed dana: heads\cassie: tails\it landed on its side so i'll have to take em both  you know its hard being loved this much "
my throat hurts from all the singing 
good night 
asu=heyo central 
"ever feel like the repeat button to your daily life is jammed? just once i'd like to break out, maybe run through campus naked with a sign on my butt that reads, \heyo\"" """
heyo!
"school and work make your life feel like a merry-go-round, while friends make it a roller coaster ride "
you dreamt that you ate brownies off my what?!
"weekend, weekend, weekend! yeah!!!"
"sundays just remind you of all the stuff you failed to complete on friday and saturday  better get cracking on my <propmale> dating ad  hallo, frauen!"
"i'd rather be hated for who i am, than loved for who i am not - <propmale> cobain"
[insert meaningful update here]
"i haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long  -<propmale> hedberg"
i feel like its groundhog's day all the time  i should commit some crimes spend the night in jail and wake up in my bed and start the same day over again 
i raped half of my essay exam so far   laugh 
"if poetry is the key to a woman's heart, then alcohol is the key to her pants "
sunsplash lifeguards can't hit on me cuz its closed today   sad 
i'll forever be stuck in the shadow  know matter what  my lantern is out of gas 
"after work, i went to the park and watched the sun rise  it was nice  well, goodnight! zzzzz"
"auf wiedersehen, meine liebe!"
"deutsch, mutter ficker  sprichst du es?"
hell yeah rain!
today was too long!
me and the boys gonna drink tomorrow after school ya hear?
"hit 3 bars, now its naptime because i gots an overnight"
my sad dream is making my whole day gloomy  what else is new 
"it isn't oktoberfest til: \1) i get drunk enough to drink beer \2) manny does his mexican dance moves to polka \3) <propmale> pukes his bratwurst into a tuba "
this weekend was great  sucks that it's over!
my life is running way too smoothly  it's unsettleling 
this weekend was brutal! mill and <propfirst>'s 
"i love <propfemale> oberman! yes, i just announced it to the small world of mine "
oct 29th will be a hell of a good time!
party on <propmale>!
"dear god, i hate your fish-killing ass  love, <propfirst>"
supergluing your peehole would be the worst torture ever!
super crazy sleep cycle but this weekend was still great!
i beat fable iii in 3 days! fuck!
do you hate love or love hate?
faith is just an excuse for not looking 
our government should help the people  corporations need to stay the hell out of government  corporations don't care about people 
i'm happy to be sad because it's sad when i'm happy 
so why is everyone changing their profile pic to cartoons? oh you guys are sheep following the herd!
almost another semester down  almost!
"i don't shave not because i'm lazy, but because i'm an anti-hero "
done with the semester 100%  oh yeah!
my grandma wants to get my mom a shake weight! the handjob trainer!
all i wanna do is zoom a zoom zoom zoom and a boom boom 
"<propmale> and coltrane, that's jazz for all you idiots who listen to top hits channels "
i salute all the people who go to work even with a hangover  calling out is for lightweights!
go in the rain if you want to cry  it makes tears seem less significant 
"i'm going to dance here and if you want, you can pretend that you're dancing with me  -commander shepard's pick up line in the club (mass effect 2)"
i feel all high tech and shit with my new android 
<propfemale> jam vs  nirvana  who wins?
it's colder here than out east!
why are there jelly beans in my coat pocket?
i'm raising awareness about my friend <propfemale> and her addiction  she suffers from facebook addiction  like this update and together we can hold an intervention
"hiking a peak + boarding to and from work + work + drinking + walking while drunk = yeah, i'm tired "
watching mr  bean episodes 
took a 2 hour nap and had this awesome dream of a trip party! we went rafting downriver on   horses   and partied at my ex-roomate's parents' cottage somewhere in cuba with his friends and our usual crew  there was also a lot of twins there for some reason   
best hiding spot   outer space! that is if your seekers are not rocket scientists   then you hide on the top shelf of the bathroom closet and you cover yourself with a bed sheet haha 
"\injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere \"" - <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> jr """
first day of school was horrible today   all my classes were canceled! and then i found out it was mlk jr  day 
knowledge is sexy  why else could i be getting a hard on during lectures?
"this library is dead in the morning  like there is no one on this floor, damn somebody just sat down  i have a new rival!"
"probably going to thailand this summer   now i just need to learn how to act like i am well educated in urban planning  first, i'll check the definition  to dictionary com!"
"psychiatrist: you have hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia \patient: what's hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia?\psychiatrist: hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is the fear of long words \patient: oh   ahhhhhhh nooo!!!!"
"jai guru deva om\nothing's gonna change my world"
only one year left and i'll be a grad working around the world  kinda makes me sad how fast time goes by  it felt like i just graduated high school 
"to the beaches of krabi, thailand this summer!"
my father was of the sky  my mother was of the earth  i am of the universe 
had a dream i was making out with <propfirst> lohan before she stole a necklace 
so there's this dude in the library sleeptalking  should i wake him up so he doesn't embarrass himself or do i laugh and listen with other patrons?
"snowboard rental + deposit + clothes for snow + slope pass = yeah, i ain't going snowboarding > sad "
ugh   i'm a really fast snowboarder who can go from 35 to 0 in 1 second flat  it's called wiping out and i did it spectacularly 
"popped out the screen to my closet window last night, now i can chill on the small roof area above the front patio  and its hidden by trees too!"
i feel sorry for you if you thought fox news was reliable 
killed the malware on my dad's computer  anybody have some viruses on their computer  i'll slay em for $ 
just chilling on my roof with a honeyberry backwoods 
everything in school is going to well   its scary 
gotta a couple hours while the rest of the group goes to a boxing match  creeping solo to check and see if there's cuties in the cuzzi 
vegas should be paying me $$$ for visiting!
"death toll in japan is up to 2,722 now according to ny times  400,000 people are living in make shift shelters  my sympathies go out to everyone affected "
carne asada tacos and horchato at rancho market  i'm full 
"bought my tickets today! leave for bangkok on may 19th  fly back july 11th from ho <propfirst> <propfemale> city in vietnam  i'll also be in cambodia  teaching english to monks, learning muay thai, chilling on islands, boating down rivers, etc  compare your summer to mine and kill yourself! muhaha"
thank you for everybody who came to the party last night! it was a blast!
like to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday! felt the love!
ideas for my dystopian adventure story are coming together a lot faster than before  i have half a rough chapter done as well a protagonist backstory 
walking around asu without shoes is easy until you get blisters  have i been taking my shoes for granted? yup  feel like a person in a 3rd world country 
