e1aa7a5af41fd377ea9d873b9d06da18
"after seeing avatar, i'm depressed that i'm human  playful "
when you think you've move past one thing   something else comes and slaps you in the face   
aussie-land is amazing!!!!!!!!
"coming home    24 hours of flight-time, here i come!  playful "
"i\m home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
i just pulled an amazing prank on kirsten              (high five <propfirst>)
wants to move to australia after college
just got back from fishing in kenai
hates hating people
i finished the second movement of my symphony!!!!  laugh 
whew    ok   officially finished with the third movement    one more to go!!!
whew    ok   officially finished with the third movement    one more to go!!! official status report  1st mvt: 7 mins 31 seconds                                    2nd mvt: 4 mins 46 secs                                    3rd mvt: 5 mins 38 seconds                                    4th mvt: yet to be detirmined!!!!!
im changin it to 5 mvts  playful 
i have have finished the 4th mvt  one more  and it will be done  surprise 
seating auditions couldve gone better
seating auditions couldve gone better the aticipation is killing me   
"a friend is a person with whom you can be sincere, to whom you never need to defend yourself, on whom you can depend whether present or absent, with whom you never need pretend, to whom you can reveal yourself without fear of betrayal, who does not feel they own you because you are her friend, who will not selfishly use you because she has your confidence  i have yet to meet such a friend "
"those who persist to cause you pain know nothing of it, care nothing of it, and deserve nothing but it "
some people just perplex me   
mtna on sunday! gotta practice   
second in mtna!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
holy crap just watched the most heart-renching episode of fringe iv'e ever seen it made me cry   
has decided he is the    master of short term memory!!!!!!!!!
no results for a week!!!!!! d-:
updating my fb status    from    my    new    laptop!!!!!!!!!
misses his buds from english and history  sad 
why must i do this? i ain't a damn poet!!!!!!!!
"my wish is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance      93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does            and make this your status for at least an hour"
i xeroxed my curls  smile 
 
"wants to crawl into a hole, curl up, and sleep for 2 1 2 years"
never  ever  attempt to fix a broken razor  your fingers will suffer 
 
"just read his little brothers a story in the accents of: movie announcer, <propfirst> mouse, robot, senile aunt, heavy metal growl, <propfemale>, austria, germany (angry nazi), russia, australia, <propfemale>, italy, etc  after which the littlest one, griffin (age 5), proceeded to wet his pants from laughing so hard  i feel like a good big brother "
wishes the world would disappear and leave him alone so he could concentrate on the important things 
really wants a snow day tomorrow
"i wonder if <propfemale> ever wondered if the reason we are at the bottom of the list when it comes to education, is that it is naive and moronic to hold all students to the same standard, or at least to e playful ect them to accomplish it the same way  every individual has their own unique way of learning, and it should be the duty of the schools to help utilize that (cont  2nd status)"
"method instead of force-feeding them information faster than they can swallow it  making students conform to the teacher is not productive, the school should embrace all types of learning  the ideology that a-b students are where they are because they are the only ones who try, is educational darwinism  (cont 3rd status)"
"that is prejudice  last i checked, <propfemale> believed \all men are created equal\""  so are all students  just in different ways  that should be recognized """
my computer has a handlebar mustache   
found my cello! housecleaners put it in garage   
iceing my arm    so much playing  playful     and a sharp pain in the crook of my forearm while practicing  thought it might be a good idea to stop  playful 
banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour 
just had the coffee from the bottom of the pot   fun fact: when they say it's strong      they aint kidding 
finale 2010 is here!!!! finally i can get back to work   
"why do all the things i love start with \c\""?    coffee    costco    cello    the list goes on """
"men don't faint, they have unintentional decisive naps "
just had a test on an book he read not one <propfemale> of  hmmm    we will see how he does
"one thing worse than falling victim to insensitivity, is being an irrefutable practitioner of severe sensitivity  insensitive people cause harm to others; sensitive people cause harm to themselves  nothing hurts like being your own worst enemy "
"all in favor of disbanding <propmale>'s and brownsberger's projects post \i\"""""
you know you've been forced to babysit way too many times when you start enjoying kid's shows  i am captivated by <propfirst> neutron 
"how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be   "
does an effective educational system make you lose the will to learn?
my buttoxx is convex!!!!!!!!!!
i can tie a bow-tie
liquid nitrogen stings   
liquid nitrogen stings   
the estation tube in my right ear isnt working
just saw an epic battle between a magpye and a squirrell
is getting a new endpin
just improvized the cello part to eine kleine and pirates of the carribean in banana republic
"was so fed up at the length of his english final by the last question annoyed q: what was one thing you learned about your poet during your poetry project? what type of poetry did they write? what did this reflect about them?\\a: i learned that <propmale> <propmale> poe was depressed  he wrote depressing poems  it showed he was depressed "
"when in doubt    c4  \lol i love mythbusters"
i saw the series finale of lost  i have witnessed the most fulfilling television event of all time 
had a casual chat with his brother while riding his bike to city market     about chord modulation and secondary dominance  (you know you're a music nerd when   )
"just went on a bike ride with a lot of up-hills  on the plus side, i'm fairly certain i had a consistently negative g-force on the way back   "
my dad just casually walked into my room    with a fretless bass!!!!!
"got a haircut  and no, i do not look like <propfirst> <propfemale>!!!!!"
i want to move to canada  they have nice people there  and intelligent ones  two things the majority of this country seems to be lacking 
i was unaware that i don't get to have my phone at interlochen
my wallet's been stolen 
and so i enter 6 weeks of silence
"sorry to burst your bubble ays people, but interlochen beats <propfemale>  by a lot "
does anyone have the wyso recordings? i would love to have them
"does anybody have any classes with me?\1 algebra ii- slattery\2 criminology- kress\3 alaska studies- brownsberger\4 concert orchestra- david\5 american sign language- parker\6 english 11- <propmale>"
r i p <propmale> hanson- one of the greatest grandfathers of the world
off to portland i go
mmmmmmmmmm   six layered cake
"two funerals, in a span of three days, both for loved ones, is not an easy thing    r i p grandad and auntie <propfemale> "
"i hate going through airport security  as a result of that, i am pro at doing so "
back home
back home
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!
zuill <propfemale> concert tonight with all 6 bach cello suites in one sitting
just got hit by a car  i'm fine by the way
i think i've angered fate
my hair is statring to curl around again!!!!!!!!!!
"it's pretty nerve-racking using a $2,500 bow that is not yours  playful "
mtna today  wish me luck!
yay i won yay laugh !!!!!!!!!!!
i'm in all northwest  laugh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gonna see <propmale> potter in the imax
anyone else going to go see the nutcracker?
staying up all night writing that piece for brownsberger's fish project  playful 
performing nerves i can handle  why cant my legs stand still when im trying to shoot something??!!!!!!!!??!?!?!?
haircut
cluster warhead bazooka!!!!!!!!!
me= tired
sportsman's warehouse = a man's dream store
"gotta say, that was the creepiest episode of fringe i have seen yet   "
new old repaired cello = bamf
"my finals: math- 90%\                criminology- 84%\                 ak studies- 93%\                 orchestra- 96%\                 sign language- 101%\                 english- 92%\     that's right"
"for those of you with gas stoves: safety tip #1- when turning on the gas stove, make sure the gas achieves ignition  do not be that person who finds out 15 seconds later that the gas didn't ignite     by the gas igniting  playful "
boiling hot duck grease on bare skin = paaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnn     
47 inches of high definition <propfemale>    sitting in my living room 
halo reach: probably the most touching game i've ever played
nostalgia attack  played halo 1 for the first time in ages
"ays concerto competition today, wish me luck!"
perhaps boise airport could e playful lain to me what warrants a full body x-ray for everyone that walks through  and since when does zipper pull = pat-down??
left boise at 3 surprise 0 am anchorage time- sunday  arrived in anchorage at 12 smile 5 am ancorage time-monday  screw you juneau for making me 10 hours late
"i have 2 tickets to the sitka music festival  with some great cellist  one of them is used up by me, but if anyone wants to go, just message me, thanks!"
elgar cello concerto = bamf
i feel like there is a small rodent in my chest  and it is pissed off 
"this is gross, but i'll try to phase it in a less grousome way  the rodent has jumped ship, but he plundered my chest in the process, and recent stomach recruits have abandoned ship "
watched like all of the <propmale> potter movies over the past three days
"taste buds, please come back  this ham is not delicious without you  sad "
"tchaikovsky, i hate you with the blinding white-hot passion of a thousand burning suns "
"ays quartet members, we must rehearse!"
sightreading bach suites is hard
discovered his greatest pet peeve    people eating my food
8 hours till my iphone 4  surprise 
"even if i must boil the water in a pot, suspend the strainer from the edge of the cup with toothpicks, and settle for 2% milk instead of half&half, i shall have my tea!  surprise "
i got accepted to the national symphony orchestra summer music institute!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
