9ea6fdae48d912f76f32ed04a3164903
im ready for summer!!
luarens moving to hawaii tomorrow everyone be sure to call her  cant wait to come visit and go hit some waves at sunset beach 
did i pay my tab last night ? holy hell!!! what happened? its just like in the hangover! had fun with everyone       if i could only remember!
"cant wait for the weekend!!!! its been an awsome week,but im ready to get on the  water!"
"3 - 3 5 ft at st augi sun late afternoon through monday  if you missed the surf thurs late afternoon and fri, you missed one hell of a swell!! it was bad ass!"
ill have the other surf pics up as soon as my phone goes back to norm! got pushed in the pool by my sis with my phone in my pocket!
gettin my ass kicked n st augi !!   surf is 3 ft but rough as hell    and who n the hell invited all the fat girls 2 come out?? wtf!
gone surfin     meeting at 530        softball game at 645! later!!
last day of class friday! its been great!!
"o k  so i park where i allways do,hang my towel where i allways do on my mirror and paddle out for a relaxing morning surf 45 minutes into it i notice a bum up by the cars  as im watching him he goes over and ganks my towel and gets back on his bike! i relize by the time i paddle in and get up the rocks he will be gone so here's to you homeless towel stealing bum!this buds for you!"
"softball game at 7 surprise 0, meeting in 30 min    gonna be late!"
we won our game 20-19  way to close!
"on my way to another meeting, then down to palatka to meet the new boss from tampa!"
no surf all week   all i want for fathers day are some good waves and to chill with the kids at the beach!!!! is that to much to ask?
toes on the nose! gone surfin with the boy!
goin to pick up my boy and then goin to get ready for my game at 645 
rained out game tonight! see you guys at weds game  surf tomorrow morn???
starting back to the old schedule startin friday    priceless ! tryin to pull all-nighters tonight and tomorrow to try and adjust      sucks!
"3 5 hours of sleep, meeting at 6 tonight, then ballgame at 8   mitch,dont forget my jersey bro  see yall at the fields,bring your a game!"
happy b-day <propfemale>!!!
off to work    shit its early!
fuckin wreck on the buckman!!!! go figure!!
"in this age of misplaced values,the package is prized beyond  the contents,the cloths abouve the man,the possessions more than the possesser in the spirit of the times,if a man has a gold idol,there is no end to the long line of worshipers who come to fall before it,and he my think they are paying homage to him;but let him lose the money,and see what happens to the line -james 5 smile "
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd batallion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see it on everyone's walls"""
happy thanksgiving to all my fam and friends! love yall !
