9376f54fb3e592d96c33454e2343ac70
nothing like ringing in the new year with randoms at the coney      sorry <propmale> you can not sleep on my floor 
there's just not enough time to slummber!
who keeps a miscarriage in the freezer next to the peas and the hungry man diners?
poo in a shoe       just not mine
i had a fantastic time at the polish riviera       
i love the whores at this bar! i maen do you look at the slob your about to fuck?
i've been trying to wash the sully off me for 2hrs 
"crap, i kicked my shoe into the lake an now it's floating away!"
the world is filled with twunts!
got a lot of go getters over here!
thank god for the class of 84        
is as serious as a <propfirst> penn movie       i enjoy dipping things into other things!
share a popcorn ball with the apostle <propfirst>
i'm a burrower <propfirst>         
has to travel to <propmale> for doctors appt  anyone want to go for a ride?
will a blow job with gobstoppers leave a wiener with colorful stripes?
ahhh the giggles of the bar!
grrrrrrrr       love having people talk at me 
do all computer nerds drive gray ford fusions?
i need to start a taxi b&b     for the left over drunks i find at the bar 
"um, i just heard nine inch nails on wcsx     fuck does that mean i'm old?"
nasa getting involved with the leg       
well the ice chunk has taken a hold of a few things          
is using her dog voice to make new friends
was just told that at times i can be a breath of fresh air           hahahaha  nat!
"just scared to poo out of the roomie, nothing like cleaning ass splatter in the a m !"
i hate insurance company's and my dumb leg!
love bouncing derfs out of the bar!
i'm about to be invaded by big brother dorks!
plotting to steal eddie     i heart him!  j k nat 
need another bathroom in this house! i have to work folks   not that i want to
don't be tardy for the party         
can a dog be a douche?
there are reasons why i don't drink!
i maybe dunking my roomie by removing the toilet seat tonight after the kids get dropped  off        heart ya!
logs on the couch!
i'm wondering if i'm now a pulaski monkey?!?
glitter and sludge      always make a great adventure!
why don't the dogs understand they need a bath?
i should start a moving company!
ggggggrrrrrrrr to no home!
does the homeless guy come with the house?
what's going to happen today?
nothing like a nice piece of hickory in the house      
it's a sea of douche out there!
hello friends!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if your <propfemale> is destroyed by a stuffed bone it wasn't sturdy to being with
it's sad when you don't know if someone is pre-op or post-op    
"this is not something that a person should  post about themselves            everybody hates me because i am an obsessive, angry, judgemental, insecure bitch!!! oh yeah, don't forget crazy!!!!! but i love jesus!!! god bless you all smile  perhaps you should seek help within the medical profession and get tested for syphilis, just a friendly suggestion "
randazzel thank-you for babysitting the hot mess in the bar last night!
"was just told by my roomie \i'm going to punch you in your birthing canal\"" feel the love!"""
"since when do folks start naming their children after alcohol  jager????!!!!!! really, really jager? come here jager and while your at it bring me a shot of your namesake and that guy walking by the house you need a sibling "
"nothing says \happy holidays\"" like getting smash in the face """
quite and mean these are my people  
my roommates gopher is heading to florida    she needs a stand in 
how did my craigslist post get flagged?
holy ball sack batman!!
i have a <propfemale> pie and i will throw it at you!
ugggggggggggggg!
why is every white trash event amplified in <propfemale> tucky?
i'm in the mood to take people down! down to <propfemale> town that is 
ugg i'm never drinking again!
rule #1 cardio   
what happened?
i feel the need to punch many people!
"for a milkshake my roommate will open the door to the house, otherwise stay off our porch    thanks"
rehearse for life!
when i was 14 i was murdered           heehee
i enjoy the sounds of classic bon jovi   it truly warms my soul    it's bitch'n
i should not be allowed to drink! ugg what happened?
why do i have scratches on my face? anyone?
if anyone needs tickets to the first 2 home games for the red wings let me know 
"my leg hacking will be june 21th, goodtimes to be had "
"don't drown, turn around!"
you sound like a fortune cookie
wow i own a lot of stuff! thank god for u-haul and <propfemale>!
"so my parking space is in a lake, not a puddle but a lake "
"i love this weekend! good baseball, good freinds and lets not forget beer!"
yep i still hate hippies! stupid douche bags!
why are people douche bags? don't get pissed when i speak to you like you speak to me        hint: you suck!
i hurt! why does the sun curse me with it's rays of anger?
sad tomorrow is my last day bartending at tops  sad 
"ok everyone i am home, but sooooo tired! i'm good it went well but i'm going to bed "
"ok i'm bored, wheeling around my apartment is only fun the first 50 laps"
have you had an idaho potato come out of your arse?
percocet makes one have bizarrely lovely dreams   
"i was stalked once, by a dog      "
"surgery <propmale> just came in, $16,068  can't wait for the hospital stay <propmale>!"
"quote of the day; he loved the solid, comfortable ugliness    "
would anyone like to guess how much my 1st doctor's visit was? clue i almost pissed myself 
i wish they made big wheels for adults!
riding a bike can really tucker a gal out! (chill out it was stationary)
glad to know my dr  laughed at me driving 
put my nipple rings back in now damn it!       ha funny drunks
"3 months down, who knows how many more to go          ugh i'm over it"
gorilla juice head         
i'm sorry sir but you are a send back 
"i like to park in handicap spaces, while handicap people make handicapped faces"
is it wrong to say that midgets are like purse dogs?
25 more days until my trap maybe removed        and yes i will be taping it!
from the look i was given when getting my turkey trot package they don't have a lot of cripples running or walking this year 
hmmm tequlia and sprite sound about right
this time next week i will be free from the bear trap!!!!
longest 3 days of my life     
15 hours and counting!!!!
"breaking news: bear trap free! the surgery went well, i was awake and it was kinda cool  sore as hell and i'm now couch bound for the next few days "
"huh, frog!? frog!"
there is a god!!!! midget tossing in march!!!!
"never toss your midget to far, you'll lose them!"
"no you can not toss a midget 30ft in the air! they're not like <propfemale> beattle, they can't go that high and land, they lack a hardcandy shell    quote from <propfirst>"
