b9c697cae802bfc0f99b2253d9db35fe
<propmale> adkins just farted really loudly and blamed it on the cat     
is really sleepy
"wonders why everyone is getting married  good luck to you, but i plan on giving it a long while  lol"
is gonna cook something delicious tomorrow  laugh 
sweetums red hot baby nuts
is in the middle of a romance novel and just about ready to stab herself 
has a fully grown wisdom tooth that's driving me crazy   ouch
wants to make some hot mint tea before bed : )
"is not feeling good, cold, and not asleep yet"
the sims 3 is calling my name : d
   sigh   
the number one thing i have learned in life so far: most guys are friggin stupid and inconsiderate 
why do i make time for you whenever you can never make time for me? eff it
is not having a 4th of july this year because of my father
is not feeling too hot
should be asleep
is making muffins  mmmm  laugh 
my lazy bum needs to workout
"bed, work, nap, be lazy, and maybe   exercise :  "
just had the coolest dream ever
so i decided that i still like xanga better than facebook and myspace   even though no one gets on there anymore  i'll just have to write blogs to myself 
is sad today for stupid reasons  i miss you 
is having a breakdown   please help?
has never been camping  will someone please take me camping??? lol
has a headache from hades  going to bed 
went on an awesome date today with my bestest frand  laugh 
enjoys posting blogs on xanga cause i can say whatever i want and only <propfirst> reads them  laugh  haha
nap time  laugh 
work and then heading out on the road  laugh  haven't had any sleep all week
is looking for a <propmale> shepherd if anyone has any info  i woud like to adopt one rather than spend money for one from a breeder
wonders where you are and where you've been
"had fun with my jerm on his bday  also, i bought myself a new tv  laugh  such an eventful day!"
is here  can't wait to be back in huntington  :  
goes back to huntington in 10 days!!! wahoo!
<propfirst>'s alive!!! bahaha
is trying to pack but not getting very far  i didn't realize it would take so long  i will be back in huntingon next sunday   laugh 
is excited to <propfemale> out with my <propmale> tomorrow!!!  laugh 
never realized how much stuff i have 
only has to survive 5 more days at work and then i get to go back to school and not work there for a whole week!!!
is sooooo tired from playing ddr 
is done 
is ready to move out 
"is excited to go back to school tomorrow, but will miss everyone "
"it's been a long day, but i'm finally settled into towers for the next two nights  i cant wait to move into my actual room  :   but hey, atleast i'll get to play some awesome music tonight!!!"
is in her new dorm room!!! it's real nice and i can't wait till alerxis gets moved in also!
is not in the best mood and doesn't really feel like marching the rest of the evening  what happened to all the rain?  sad 
is gonna shower and get ready for the marching thunder's debut at 4!!! then heading back to ashland and hopefully going to the fair 
doesn't want to work at 7 in the morning! : ( booo sears!
plans on studying and then sleeping  :  
bedtime  work at 7 until 3  then work again at 4 smile 0 
dying hair   surprise  and dressing up benji  laugh  hahaha
only has 40 mins to nap : (
has not had a good day 
game tomorrow
so  it's friday night and i have nothing to do   looks like it's homework and bed :  
watching the third x-men movie
long day tomorrow :  
"won't be able to make it to the bap meeting tonight, but plans on being there next week "
is goin to the gym
it's meh birfday!
wants to thank everybody for the awesome birthday wishes!
"is already let down over tomorrow (later today), even though it hasn't even happened yet "
got my old facebook back and is going to work on readding friends on my new one that aren't on this one
feels sick 
is jamming 
i want to fall in love with you : )
study study study  i feel like i never stop 
"hey, let's cross the sea and get some culture "
is taking life as it comes and feeling content about it 
"and zeus was like, \bitch go make me a sammich!\"""""
is jamming   smile 
"has had a long day, but atleast i got to see my jerm  laugh "
has the most awesome roommate ever <propfirst> mays who just made fried pizza rolls with cheese on top and brought me a slurpee while i write my paper 
keeps having a reoccuring dream about aliens 
has a caramel apple  laugh 
misses my jerm and just wants to go home and do nothing 
has been raped by school 
is hungreh!
i get to see my <propfirst> tomorrow and sunday  laugh dd going to class and then coming back and taking a loooooooooooong nap
why do people use umbrellas when it's not really raining?!?!?!?!
is going to see my jerm tomorrow 
zombieland=hilarious  laugh  glad i got to spend the evening with jerm and <propfirst> and got to have a rave in my car  laugh dd
has to go tutor 
gettin a-rab bunnies!
is excited about friday!
can't wait to see my jerm tomorrow and hangout with <propfirst> and <propmale> and hopefully <propfirst> and her bf!
another question i have for everyone is why do the maintenance people use leaf blowers when the ground is wet???
"thinks <propfirst> cera is cute  but then again, i can see how he kinda resembles my bf  haha "
hates it when people are rude
"beaver 8, beaver 9, stop its beaver time!!!"
is glad to have my jerm who can cheer me up just by being his goofy self  laugh 
has to get up at like 6  lol wvu game tomorrow and then performing the half-time show with the marching thunder at the steelers vs  browns game in pittsburg!!!
making class schedules suckkkkk especially when most of the classes you need are only offered once 
doesn't know what upper lever math class to take  445 which is probability and statistics or 325 which is differential equations  help?!?!?!?
"nvm, none of the math classes i can take are being offered until next fall :  "
is angry that i haven't gotten paid in almost 8 weeks for tutoring and they told me it would only be 6 weeks  sad 
all i need is just a few minutes to freak out  then i promise i will regain my composure   surprise 
"dear boyfriend, you need a facebook   you loser   playful "
wants to go home 
<propfirst> sucks  playful 
sleepy sleepy time  lots to do this weekend 
mom and dad got a kitten  laugh 
is missing the new man in my life   chester  laugh dddddd (mom and dad's new kitten)
thinks the <propmale> county band played amazing at tri-state!
will probably be 20 when i graduate college  that's kinda scary 
is exhausted xo
wishes love were like a fairytale  or atleast better than my current situation  eff 
is trying to sleep but has mr  <propmale> climbing all over me  laugh  i luffs him
is wearing the domo shirt my jerm got me  laugh  we're nerds  playful 
wishes people would check to see if i'm the right <propfemale> adkins before trying to add or talk to me
thinks heavy metal is so festive  laugh 
"math 300 can dieeeeeeeeee, die i say, die"
"even though these accounting problems take eons to finish, i seem to enjoy them wayyyy too much  imma nerd   laugh "
just went dumpster diving with <propfirst> maysand got some awesome 80s dresses out of it!!!
has the bestest boyfriend  love 
is thinking   wtf?
2 5 years today almost yesterday
love my jerm  love 
went to get a <propfemale> bar out of the snack machine and got 6 <propfemale> bars instead!!! hells yeah!
going to my accounting final :  
whoo got free tickets to see <propfirst> winslow tonight at the funnybone!!!
<propfirst> winslow was awwwwwesssommme! had a good time with good people
does anyone know when grades come out because i haven't gotten mine yet and i thought it was today
"i, <propfemale> adkins, have conquered mth 300!!!! whoop whoop! all a's   laugh "
got all kinds of awesome gifts from my jerm  laugh 
has a new dsi  laugh 
gets aggravated when people post a million pictures of themselves making different faces to the camera   come on and be a little less vain
people are crrrrraaaazzzzy!
loves her jerm  love  he's a hoot!
finished my first excel problem for cost accounting   only about 50 more to go this semester
"tiiiiired and have a lot to do tomorrow  pack up and go back to school, shower, study and write some papers, and then hanging out with <propmale> "
wants to park in the flipping parking garage @#$@#!
i've realized something very important: i'm proud of myself   surprise 
class    blllllahhh
:  
i'm gonna go play me some castle age
is eatin chicken and dumplings and drinking <propfemale> d   this is gonna be a longggg night
"i know it's not late at all, but i'm sooo tired and probably going to bed"
heck yes! i finally got everything to equal out on my cope   including the balance sheet
i really can't stand a lot of people  even looking at their facebook makes me want to punch them  what is this world coming to?
got on a on my first online test   it was stressful
just found out about the loss of a good friend  : (
the next couple days will be hard  rip bh
rule #32: enjoy the small things   such as listening to the football players you tutor sing the <propfemale> montana theme song  laugh 
ok   so maybe i went to bed early   but i failed at getting up early  lol now to do some homework and drink some rasberry lemonade  laugh 
is so maddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! at everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too much stuff to do in too little time and some teachers just suck at teaching!!!!!
fml
is better
soooo much homework and studying   but soooooooooooooooooooo little time  aaaaaah! e playful losions!
there's actually an honors seminar next semester that deals with math  surprise  !!! awesome!
had the best movie night tonight with dancing afterwards and then watched <propfemale> stutler be a monkeh!
is still up with a lot on my mind  :  
is doing homework
i am almost positive that marching band will fit into my schedule for the fall!!!!!
ya know   <propfirst> university really makes me angry sometimes  i'm a <propfirst> <propfirst> scholar and it's not letting me do my early registration for my fall classes 
is excited about big things that may happen in the next few weeks  laugh 
is sitting here wondering
has had the worst day ever  ever  no really   ever 
someone keyed my car  why does my life keep getting worse?
got some new pajamas  laugh 
going to sleep cause i gotta be at work at 8
has a lot to do tonight   so i might as well get started 
"really life, really? i mean really? i give up "
you talk way too much; you talk way too much; it's only the end; it's only the end as you know it   
ah  well  nothing makes any sense  maybe i should just laugh and go on 
goodness i'm silly  i just accidentally put illumination instead of elimination on my paper i'm writing  i need a nap 
wants to be asleep 
is hungry  soooo hungry 
need sleepytimes  now  got a few things to get done tomorrow 
it's a great day to   !   write some papers :  
got the keys today to my new townhouse   say what!?!?! : p
is sitting at the new place eating spaghetti i just made   only problem is i'm eating on the floor  lol
"my plans for tonight: study a chapter, drink mt  dew, 30 <propfemale>  nap, repeat for another 5 chapters  awesome!   that's like 3 hrs of sleep, right?"
3 big things laugh one  500 more=unfinnished  need more caffeine!
"inventory valuations and receivables are coming out my ears  does this mean i'm going to fail my final? plus, the guys voice is creepin me out a bit on these powerpoints  i need sleep "
woot for a 5 hour summer break! lol
"hello, new bed! summer classes starting in the morning :  "
"is broke and tired, but now has food to last quite a while and should have furniture arriving wednesday or thursday  woot!"
i hate those people who sit in class and try to suck up to the teacher the whole time
all a's   ballin!
"uh huh, it ain't no big thing   "
stupid facebook hacker apps
busy!!!
got an accounting internship with the huntington housing development corporation!!!
"smoothie from sheetz =  laugh dd also, happy 3 years <propfirst> phillips i  love  u"
"how is it possible to know so many people, but when you really need to talk to someone, there is nobody?"
wants to learn to play the baritone  only problem   i don't have one  sad 
last day of work at sears tomorrow   forever   kinda sad but kinda glad at the same time  :  
shoot me 
"jeremy: \you're a dick\"" me: \""what am i a pain in your butt too\"""""
had a lot of fun blowing up some really big fireworks with the family last night   and not so much fun cleaning up the aftermath this morning 
o o
is a senior in college   i feel old 
i have the best boyfriend ever!!! he bought me dragon quest for my dsi  laugh 
is enjoying a smoothie i just made and playing my dsi  laugh 
woot rollercoasters!!!
"has had 4 really great job offers this summer   but i'm happy with my choice between the four   good money, good job e playful erience, and intership credits for school!"
is thinking of having brinner tonight  win!
boooooreeeed  entertain me 
is enjoying this day of doing nothing but being as lazy as possible  laugh 
"tomorrow is gonna be bbbbbbuuuussssyyyy: work, bank, bank to work, haircut, band, more band, sleeep and then band again :  "
what planet are you from? oooohhh   that's right   planet of the apes lol
fml
where is the love? thats what is on my mind tonight 
needs to go to walmart
bed  i am soooo tired 
"is glad to have weekends free, but not so glad about school starting monday "
is feeling sick  for some reason i can't stop coughing at night   sad 
cake for breakfast=win  work and then classes and then band=fail 
"and to continue on with my last status   acc 312=fail!  sad  atleast i'm prepared for the worst, right?"
"is a very, very, very sick girl  going to the dr  as soon as possible   sad  shoot me "
forgot my lunch  looks like i won't get to eat until about 4 
looks like it's homework for me on this lovely night lol  i have no life 
let's squish our fruits together lol
i'm going to eat cake and do homework  yay 
<propfirst> is playing with nuts and he likes it
thank you all for the birthday wishes
i gave it my all  i have no more to give  it's hard when you think you will be with someone forever  but i know god will take care of me 
is feeling down in the dumps and like i'm not good enough 
"and when you wake up\everything is gonna be fine\i guarantee that you wake in a better place\in a better time\so you're tired of living\feel like you might give in\well don't\it's not your time"
has had a great day today and got to <propfemale> with long lost friends <propfirst> skelley and <propfemale> whited
i need a vacation asap :  
eh  tonight is depressing  it's just one of those days 
ahhhhhhh  god makes me laugh  it just so happens that it's a lot at this moment in my life 
i think i may have slept 3 hours   blah  but atleast i got things done!
is wasting time in the library until class at 2  hoping later today will be fun and that i get some more studying in tonight before i die from exhaustion 
just fb stalked with mom  laugh 
fml!
   it's the library   people need to shut up   smile 
my metabolism is like a fat kid running on a treadmill with a cake right in front of his face   he's eventually just going to give up and eat the cake 
ooohhh men   
i have slept and ate pretty much all day and sleeping is going to commence again   right now!
it's too early  i need more sleep 
aaahhhh  i left my phone at home!!!
gives up 
just burned myself  i don't think i could fail anymore than i have this week 
facebook depresses me  a lot  might not be on for a while  i think it's one of the only ways to keep my sanity at the moment 
wants to take the honors seminar about foood       yesssss!
everyone should vote for yosuke hioki for mr  <propfirst>
accounting test at 1   booo 
omg im officially online on my new droid 2  smile 
sleep  eat  accounting  eat  accounting  nap  accounting  eat  accounting  you get the point
cant wair for my hott lunch date with <propfemale> whited and <propfirst> skelley
yay now i can facebook stalk on the go and my phone makes it ridiculously easy by importing all of my fb friends!! lol
so many things on my mind but i just wanna sleep!!!
"i don't know why some things happen in life, but i'm not going to sit here and complain "
mmmm    slllleeeppp!
music is wonderful 
playing with chesty cat  laugh 
"i wish i were still as good of friends with people i <propmale> out with all the time whenever i lived in the dorms last year  i try to keep in touch, but i hardly get anything back  annoyed "
"change your facebook profile picture to a \cartoon from your childhood  the goal is not to see a human face on \facebook until monday, december 6th  and copy and paste this to your \status!!!!  smile "
1 word: procrastination
accounting test at 12:45 = ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fml!
let  love  be  without hypocrisy  abhor what is evil; cling to what is good  http annoyed  read ly rom12 9 nasb
feels good about my accounting 312 grade!
sick and it sucks  had a temperature of 102 last night but doing somewhat better today 
opening gifts tonight and food tomorrow and i honestly could care less right now because all i want for christmas is for certain things in my life to get fixed 
"opened gifts wth the family this evening and has been very blessed this year more than i could ever imagine! i know that presents are't the reason for the season, but i still thank god for being blessed with great friends and family  <propfemale> christmas to all!"
"boo to school starting monday, but only 8 classes to go and 5 are this semester  laugh "
"quote of the day: \he doesn't have enough credit to finance a <propfemale> bar!\"" lol"""
"if you love someone, putting your personal issues on facebook for the world to see definately proves a lack of love and care "
exhausted
"depressed  my day has been spent studying, taking a test, and now in the library for even more studying  what a way to spend valentines day lol have no choice there though i guess "
"the weather is pretty today, maybe i can take a walk later : )"
