9921ac781b26ca0647b3aa40d422fc60
i can't stand all this rain  where is the summer? one more year of this and i'm in florida  i can't wait 
bored!!! i need a martini 
the day is wasted if you're not 
i love days of no traffic 
tgif! it's my friday!
marchettis last night  also gonna be for lunch today too 
trying to figure out who told my rotti he was a lap dog 
"awesome! according to my credit card company, i am partying and buying stuff in cancun    i hope i am having a good time   "
"it is official  i am naming my house \the freeloader inn \"""""
someone just smacked into the telephone pole outside my house  ouch!
i hate highest and best days  hope we got the right figure 
"another tenant to evict  does anyone pay their rent anymore??? all i get is \it's gonna take you three months to get rid of me \"""""
anyone know the name of a good lawyer for an eviction??? just had to call the cops for suspected child abuse on this tenant 
eviction complete!!! the apartment is a pig sty though  do not rent to a <propfemale> nadeau  she even stole my fridge!!! found a crack pipe in the heater 
happy mother's day to all the mom's out there  happy mother's day to my mom  we all miss you!
my 25th high school reunion today and instead i went to see marmaduke with my daughter 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  trying to forget this is the 43rd  yuck 
going to pick up the kids and head to dad's pool 
"terrible, terrible day "
<propfirst> and oj  two good friends 
tenants fridge broke  waiting for teh delivery guy with the new one  boring 
headed to narragansett with my daughter to <propfemale> by the pool 
psyched! headed to texas roadhouse 
ex wife's purse got stolen in providence last night  hopefully the cops bag the guy 
just found out how crazy my ex is 
<propfirst>'s pub tonight  the best martini's around!
i am so fried from being out in the sun all day 
i am very intrigued ? ? 
time for a drink  too many crazy people around 
cowesett inn makes good martinis too   
"all right, going on a bike ride    then probably an ambulance ride    followed by some time in the emergency room    but i am keeping fit!!!???"
the church people are going door to door again preaching    what a time to misplace my bat   
i made cookies today    i have never baked  and the people who had them actually survived!!! i am shocked!!! no trips to the hospital to have a stomach pumped 
it's finally over  i'm free!!! woo hoo!!!
it's my daughter <propfemale>'s birthday today  the little one on the left in my photo  7 years old today 
pool paryt for <propfemale> today  can't believe she is 7 
<propfemale> said it was the best party ever  could not get her out of the pool 
<propfirst> has orientaion for middle school today  growing up too fast 
psyched! starting new job monday 
another exciting night  just got done clipping the dogs nails    living on the edge   
what a bad friggin day  thank god for vodka!!!
you haven't lived if you haven't had a <propfirst>'s pub martini    or two    or three    or    what was i saying???
i want the sun back  rain is too dreary 
am i seeing things or did the rain finally stop??? guess i should stop building the ark 
i have to start partying in providence again  walking the street the other morning and saw an unattended bra on the sidewalk 
"\i rather be in pain by honesty than pleased by your lies\"""""
had a good day today  sitting back enjoying an imported beer  keep thinking about a scorpion bowl for some reason   
so much for the good day yesterday    time to bend over again    just bruised 3 fingers in my right hand then picked up an extremely hot steel pan    not doing good   
c'mon <propmale>! i love a good storm 
is it me or was this years <propfemale> parade mostly politicians???
fireworks around here tonight  the chihuahua is hiding under my chair and spike is asleep 
re arrange the house day  got rid of all the clutter 
made an awesome pork loin tonight  cut like butter  i guess there is nothing to this cooking bit 
"i'm an un-apologetic american: i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands; one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  i grew up reciting this every morning in school it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone  now, let's see, how many of us <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending anyone"
why do i have this bad feeling that summer is over???
someone hacked into my aol account  sending out spam e-mails  not good  just changed passwords and doing a complete scan 
cleaned the house and making another pork loin  instructions make life a lot easier 
i psyched  my newest mid-life crisis is parked in the driveway  never had a car so small 
life's too long to live with regrets 
not happy    sales meeting at 9 tonight    was hoping to kick back for the evening   
bad friggin day so far  spike is bleed internally somewhere  already been to the animal hospital  waiting for the results now 
got spike home  he has 6 medications to take  still has to go back tonight at 5 and then tomorrow at 9 smile 0 
great    i'm cooking for my dog tonight and nuking my dinner   
spike is home again  he has to taker 6 medications which consists of 22 pills per day  i am glad he isn't bleeding anymore  wescott house time!!!
"maybe it's me but when i make an appointment, i not only show up on time but i show up    damn electrician "
working 10-6 all weekend at countrywide on oaklawn buying gold and silver  i have a feeling its going to be boring with halloween going on 
at countrywide in the south county commons today    it's lonely down here 
down at south county commons at coutrywide today  lonely down here 
spike got a clean <propmale> of health yesterday  he is doing much better 
"ahhh-choo!!!     ?(-???•?)?     if you're\allergic to bullshit, drama queens, head games, liars, two-faced fake \people, shit stirrers & down-right nasty pieces of work, keep this \sneeze going!! i'm looking forward to seeing who will re-post this!"
still trying to breathe after pricing out the things on my daughter's christmas list  time for a home <propfemale>   
"ok, i opened the store on time and everything looks good  now to figure out how to change the radio station from christmas music to something else   "
am i the only one who still can't get onto farmville? people keep sending me things so i am guessing they got on 
i don't like having to scrape ice off the glass on a convertible  the top is meant to be down not frozen 
"went to the town hall to find out they increased the tax rate on real estate over 50%  we now pay $31 723 per thousand  personally, i would prefer someone in a mask with a gun to <propmale> me "
not happy  i realized my christmas shopping list was on the kitchen counter when the kids were over  hope they didn't see it    sad 
i am seriously thinking about moving to florida now  this state has become a steaming pile   
south kingstown animal control officer in the animal control <propfirst> is down here doing personal business at cox on town time  you tax dollars at work for you 
tgif!!! and pay day!!! the drinks are on me    just be sure to bring your wallet    and cash    and bail money   
gonna try out that place called balls bar and grill  someone told me that it's is nuts over there   
"great day yesterday  got a bonus, got paid, got silver coins for change, and went for drinks at balls bar and grill  supermarket was a mad house today though "
"there should be something in the law books called justifiable road rage  if you are in the passing <propfirst> and everyone is passing you in the slow <propfirst>, you deserve road rage  it's called a passing <propfirst> for a reason  it's not called farting around <propfirst>  get the hell over!"
i just want to take a minute to say    bah humbug!!!  i feel much better 
again bah humbug! first christmas alone    not counting 2 whacky dogs   
my daughter is amazing  all the toys she got for christmas and all she wants to do is read the book i gave her  unfortunately it is twilight but at least she likes to read   
i'm ready to give two middle fingers up to this past decade  hopefully 2011 will be better 
think i am going to start bringing a pillow to work    this is boring   
ok so quitting smoking is good for my health    but what about the health of the person i choke to death cuz i am on edge   
"not a bad week  refi going through, collected the rents, a few good sales, free weekend, and some random girl gave me her number    this week was not bad at all   "
lets all give a standing o to the west warwick plow guys for the great job they did    at not scratching the plow blades since they didn't apparently use them  way to earn your $100 00 per hour   
you'd think with the amount of times i've been run through hell that i would have picked up a shot glass souvenier 
hoping not to get stopped on the way to providence place after work  have a meeting 20 minutes after i close the south county commons store  this is probably going to end in at traffic tribunal   
hit the highway with salt on the windshield and then ran out of washer fluid  i had to use the force to get to work today 
i'm sick of grilling in the snow  i picked up a <propfirst> foreman grill  hope it works 
prepped and ready for the storm    some people get milk and bread    i got vodka and <propfemale>   
someone wake me when it is spring 
"happy birthday spike!! i got him at the shelter 2 years ago  since he was a stray, i decided his birthday would be this day  friendliest rotti you could ever meet "
back from the vet  spike is cured!!! no more meds  <propfemale> also had her shots and they say she is a little fat  isn't 25 lbs normal for a chihuahua???
"math question - my car is approximately 16 feet long and my house is about 40 + feet off the road, now how fast does the inbred redneck plow driver have to be going to not only cover my car from bumper to bumper but also spray my house with road slush???"
looking out in the parking lot at all the suv's and 4 wheel drives    then there is my spyder   
i finally got mail!!! for the past week the mailman has been to afraid to come out with snow on the ground  my walk was shoveled and salted 
i'm thinking about studying chinese government and culture  might as well be prepared for when they take over this country 
not happy    slipped on the ice and almost busted my a$$    i hate snow!!!
"just watched the movie \the crazies\""    and i thought it was gonna be about ex-wives and ex-girlfriends   """
"interesting day today  worked the mall 1-9, had some good sales, tried the new frito burrito from taco <propfemale>, my daughter came to see me, watched my ex-girlfriend go by the store    twice   "
"this <propfirst>'s day is gonna suck  i have always gotten flowers for someone  i always got flowers for my mom and if i had a girlfriend, fiancee, or wife  not even 11 and i need a drink   "
anybody have some chap stick?? i'm at the south county commons store and it is a dry 75 degrees in here    glad i'm not outside though   
it's interesting how people with suv's become <propfirst> andretti when it snows out 
just finished my book    not happy    the commons is deserted and i still have 4 hours left   
woo hoo!!! <propfirst>'s pub here i come  martini time!!!
state trooper just flew into the commons driving the state police suburban  apparently the emergency was he had to pay his cox <propmale>  your ri tax dollars at work 
can't wait to go home and have a nice tall glass of oj  of course too much vitamin c is bad for you so you have to dilute it     with lots of vodka   
"why do i have an ad that keeps popping up for \cougar date link\""??? i am curious and yet scared at the same time   """
just realized just how much tomorrow is gonna suck   
"i remember as a kid, you would look up in the sky and there was a nice warm yellow orb out there  if i recall correctly, they used to call it the sun  oh the memories   "
two years have gone by since you passed  we still think about you and miss you every day  you were not only our mother or grandmother but also our best friend  we love you and miss you mom 
my oldest daughter's birthday today  she is not on facebook but i'll say it anyway  happy 11th birthday <propfirst>!!!
"woo hoo!!! working on a sunday at the oaklawn store    glad i'm bringing a book    if you're passin by, bring a coffee   "
so how many people would think i was crazy if i drove home with the top down   
it's only 9 am and i am already looking forward to coming home and having a nice tall glass of    uh    orange juice    ok ok orange coloring in vodka   
bummed! having a birthday patry for my daughter at <propmale> and busters tonight and her younger sister is sick and can't make it 
not happy! dropped over $100 somewhere at the providence place last night 
"i usually ask for someone to bring me a coffee when i am at the commons  the way my day is going, make it a shot and a beer   "
i could have sworn that the original sea <propfemale> at quonset point had a cigar in his mouth about 20 years ago and now he doesn't  i also don't know why i am thinking about this right now   
time to get a coffee and hit bj's  living on the edge today     
"black pin-striped suit, white shirt, black shoes, black grey and white tie, neon green bandaids    yeah i'm styling today   "
"got up early with the dogs and made a snow angel    the hard way    or you might say i fell on my a$$    or if you were there, you probably would have said \ah ha ha ha ha ha!!!!\"" and pointed   """
i either need a full length mirror or a girlfriend to find out how bruised i am 
"\it's not tipping i believe in  it's over tipping \""  -  can't remember the movie this came from"""
"it seems like yesterday  you stood out over the rest  i brought you home and we had some good times and some bad times  now we must part  you will take your last ride in the morning  i will bid you a fond farewell with a tear in my eye  rest in peace my friend     ok, now time to open the new bottle of vodka "
the worst part about my kids staying for the weekend is when they leave  this house could be filled with 20 people and it would still feel empty 
i feel like the day looks    i need a martini iv   
thank you commonwealth ave  i now have a busted belt in my tire due to the crater like pot holes  where do i send the <propmale>???
prado has a new e cigarette out and they are offering it for free  this is a scam  the better business bureau already has over 200 complaints filed against them  i say this because they are sending out e-mails to people offering this scam 
well i own my own house    again   
"just came to the realization that all those annoying things my dad did to us as kids, i now do to my kids   "
think i'll become a aaa student driving teacher  just watched the guy roll a stop sign 
woo hoo!!! going to <propfirst>'s pub for dinner  my favorite! can't beat their martini's!
i feel itchy and caged  i want to go out and shake the pilars of heaven and scare the sh1t out of the devil  wish it was a friday!!!
"for lent i am giving up sarcasm     yeah right, like that's gonna happen   "
100 pound rotti with an upset stomach    this night is not going to end well for my nose   
"great quote and true about some people - \stop telling lies about me and i'll stop telling the truth about you \"""""
sitting here at balls on oaklawn getting my a$$ kicked on these country and western questions in trivia 
im-ing my roommate who is just downstairs    talk about lazy   
just wondering if the earth went through a cosmic idiot cloud and i was in my lead based painted house and not affected ? ? 
top is going down on the ride home tonight  what a day to be stuck working   
"according to facebook, it is hug an italian day  hopefully my accountant will be hugging me with lots of refund checks   "
looks like a rain   snow mix down here    and i thought this was the first day of spring???
ok who took the sun??? it was nice out when i got down here   
"heard something odd today  someone said they had true love today but had to make a deal with the devil  if it is true love, why would you have to make any deal? true love is a two way street and you fight for one another    just really odd   "
"i have to wonder which is scarier  when i was a kid and knocked on the door and said \i'm here for your daughter \"" or knocking on the door now and saying to the kid \""i'm here for your mother \""???"""
damn panera bread    they stopped by my shop with free cookie samples    all gone now   
why do i feel so guilty about deleting an app on my iphone??? they all start shaking when you are in delete mode   
trying to figure out what died in the store this weekend   
general tso's chicken and chihuahua don't mix   
you know you are addicted to coffee when you bring a travel mug full just in case there is a long line at the dunkin donuts drive thru to get a coffee 
i hope i can find some time in the day so that i can throughly enjoy this raging headache that i woke up with   
"\i was not the one who stabbed the captain with the pickle \"""""
surrounded by women and my room mate has to mess with his phone for an hour 
"you know it's going to be an interesting night when your roommate picks up a napkin and calls over the waitress and says \can you smell this for me? i think it smells like chloroform \"" and she starts to take a sniff   """
received my refund today  gonna buy my dad dinner (if he lets me) and spoil the kids with toys 
just heard that my daughter is going to be reciting something on cat country this week  wish i had a tape deck so i could record it 
"if you don't stand for something, you will fall for anything "
this is a warning - i'm already having a bad day  don't give me a friggin reason to buy a sawzall and lime today 
who wants to go outside with 9 irons with me??? i could use the friggin rest   
internet keeps going down here at the south county commons 
just got done painting eggs with the kids  first time i have ever painted them  now have an orange circle on my counter cuz the container leaked 
my daughter will be on cat country tomorrow morning at 7  she is one amazing kid 
"we have a table with fake $100 bills in front of the store  kids run up and grab them  the parents just give me a look like i am in a trenchcoat with a sign that says \free candy!!!\"""""
i got a date for friday night    going with my daughter to the daddy   daughter dance    better bring some excedrin   
not happy! daughter was supposed to be on the radio at 7  they wound up putting her on earlier and i missed it  listened to cat country for nothing this morning   
not happy! it's been beautiful all day and i was looking forward to putting the top down on the ride home  now it looks like it is going to down pour 
woo hoo!!! made first tier and closing in on second!!! two more days to go!!!
looking outside and i see someone spent good money for racing wheels for a prius    really??? what are you thinking????
daddy   daughter dance tonight  this should be fun    need excedrin and a flask of <propfemale>   
at daddy   daughter dance    standing near fire alarm box    hmmmm    
always something  spike is sick again 
running spike to the vet today  he is still bleeding  i hope this is just an infection and nothing worse 
just an update on spike  he has a bad urinary tract infection  i hope that is all and that he gets better within the three weeks before his next appointment 
what a fun day  dog sick and now one of my tenants is leaving  anybody looking for an apartment in west warwick?
headed to balls on oaklawn    should be another interesting night    do i hear more bail money???
"keeping a low profile today  too depressed already  i miss my mom  need me, call or text "
