210b65894310237537517134e7ae8ac6
had a great time at mom's birthday   it was wonderful to see everybody!
just got home from camping   we conquered a waterfall while white water rafting   pictures coming soon 
"i just returned from a treacherous mountain bike ride with my husband   it would have been an amazing view if i had the guts or skills to look away from the narrow, winding trail "
we bought a kayak off of craigslist last night   once we got it into the apartment it started making strange noises 
no work for 10 days!!
what is more 1950's    polka dots or stripes?
"there are 105,000 calories in 30 pounds "
thanks for the birthday wishes; so far it has been delightful   i enjoyed a wonderful visit with my mom smile 
northern quest just paid for my birthday dinner
time for some a team action  smile 
getting my fireplace fixed any minute now
now i am really getting my fireplace fixed this time!! yay
procrastinating homework once again 
trying to decide what to make for dinner   
what's the difference between a spring roll and an egg roll?
done will homework for the night smile 
"done with homework for the week!  just one more day of work, then everclear at the knitting factory tomorrow night smile "
"is being called \buddy\"" offensive?"""
"what first, business or accounting?"
"got some homework done, now its finally time to sleep   lucky for me, <propmale> tidied up and vacuumed before he went to bed  thanks honey smile "
just got home from kohl's   i got a shirt and a dress for $3 26 (including tax)   i saved $97!
"i'm not up late   i am up early   super early, but happy st  <propfirst>'s day!"
final exam in accounting tomorrow   hitting the books tonight 
the time and effort i spent sorting my groceries onto the conveyor belt at wal-mart was wasted because the clerk unsorted everything while bagging it up 
<propfemale> wah #13 and #14 with a side of sweet&sour pork   yum 
http annoyed  cgi ebay com ws ebayisapi dll?viewitem&item=280487142198&sspagename=strk:meselx:it
just returned from a family visit to sacred heart   heading to the airport soon to pick up <propmale>   let the weekend begin 
finished my homework for the week
considering winco instead of walmart for groceries this week 
<propmale> sent me inside   it seems i am of little assistance in truck repair 
i just woke up from a nap; its almost bed time!
i can't fight it  i am going for a walk 
not that there is ever a good day to work on cars   it sure feels good to hear the 4 runner finally fire up!
i just upgraded my kayak    can't wait to try it out!!
just got home from no fx  smile 
i've been waiting since september for the next book in the sookie stackhouse series and in may it will finally be out   but i can't find out when in may- not even charlaine <propmale>' official website 
i love walking in nature   even in the rain 
going for a short walk   i've got a ton of homework to do when i get back 
face to face is playing the vans warped tour!!  i am super pumped!!  now i just need to find out how far i have to drive and what day(s) to take off 
kayaked latah creek this afternoon- and had a blast; even though i ran into a tree 
i just drove all the way to school to hand in a couple assignments just to find all of the doors locked   i guess when it comes to evening weekend classes its only one or the other 
"i need some motivation to do my homework   it isn't real hard, i just don't want to work on it   i'd rather exercise, or clean my house   or play tiger woods 10 "
my husband challenged my mother to an arm wrestling match 
"why did i procrastinate?  i have 3 assignments in one class and 1 in another due today   plus, i need to get ahead with assignments so i can go on vacation in a couple weeks    i have about a dozen assignments to work on (not counting today's 4)!!"
"3 down   now i'm going to school to hand in some assignments, and hopefully go swimming wink "
"i heard long ago that you burn more calories digesting celery than are in it   and just learned there are other \negative calorie\"" foods:"""
we checked out cabela's yesterday for the first time   and it was amazing   i could live there i think    then i tried paintballing; which was a blast!
"spent four hours paddling yesterday-saw some nature, including a couple bald eagles "
"heading to artfest, and maybe a car show   homework is on pause "
just got our power back 
my living room is piled high full of camping and kayak gear- one more day of work then i get to tetris it all into my cobalt   roof racks were a good investment 
my living room is now back to the way it was friday- littered with camping gear   but worth it!!
"on my way to start my final in quickbooks   it may take 3 classes to complete, but then i am done for the summer!"
i hate litterers 
back to the real world   
"tried to e playful lain to <propmale> that flat water isn't boring, it's leisurely   but i have to admit that white water is much more exciting   if only the river wasn't so high; i'm a chicken and it doesn't help that people keeping drowning in it "
going to spend the day in cda at the beach
couer d' <propfemale> was pretty fun- i didn't swim   too much wind   downtown spokane for fireworks tonight; cake and icecream right now smile 
i don't think i will ever be too old to appreciate fireworks 
"if someone lays a foundation for you to offer them a favor, is it mean to ignore it and not offer?"
the water levels have finally dropped- hopefully this weekend we will kayak the river 
i need a haircut
"work today went amazingly smooth   what's better?  its friday, payday, and <propfemale>!"
"one day of work completed after a weekend of kayaking, disc golf, swimming and hiking   somehow i still watched a few movies too; and trueblood of course "
going to stanfield in a few days smile 
heading out to go kayaking- upper spokane river this week 
i thought the upper was a lot flatter and calmer than the lower- but no   i tested my skills today for sure- and had a blast smile   now for grocery shopping (yay)
"big plans for tomorrow cleaning,running errands, and packing for my stanfield trip   i'm thinking i should prep some meals for when i'm gone too "
"amazed by \super humans\"" on the history channel"""
excited for camping this weekend
i want a lot of things
<propfirst>'s warped tour: face to face- here we come!
ahh- what a good time
"i accidently worked it tonight   i was waiting to buy a pitcher for <propmale>, and some guy bought it for me; i tried to decline- but he insisted  ha!"
heading out tonight- back tues or weds
first heaven sent demo went pretty well   come see me at huckleberry's tomorrow 11am-3pm!
bumblebeetuna
last day of vacation   what to do?
good bye summer
"i re-realized the last couple of days that i really do like my job   its not that i ever stopped liking it, but had forgotten that i enjoy what i do "
scatter sunshine all along your way   cheer and bless and brighten every passing day   (lanta <propmale> smith)
101 yard return-- nice work seattle!
demo'ing frozen dessert this weekend
two wrongs don't make a right- but three lefts do 
"if any of you will be in north idaho today, come see me at the sandpoint super1- i'll be demo'ing frozen dessert!"
"if they accept our offer, we'll close by the end of the month!!"
the anticipation is killing me
it is on
"we sealed the deal- home inspection on monday, and <propfemale> wah for dinner tonight  love "
moving tonight after work and tomoroww before work   please stop raining 
our real estate agent is awesome!
i'm hungry
"ahh, hot tub "
"cooking, cleaning, baking, and plumbing    a great start to my day off"
"woke up with the song \one tin soldier\"" stuck in my head"""
over-eating makes me sleepy
thinking about setting up the christmas tree today
"the tree is up, decorated, and lit   maybe my favorite part of the holidays (except the food)"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th!! join the fight against child abuse--copy & paste to your status & invite your friends to do the same!"
just beat <propmale> at pool  smile 
"i told <propmale> that today i heard a christmas duet   bing crosby and <propfirst> bowie, but i could tell he wasn't listening, so i asked if he was   \yes\"" he said   \""then repeat back to me what i just told you\"" i requested    \""bing crosby had a baby\"""""
sometimes i laugh out loud at the comments i don't make about your statuses   
i didn't think i had to get up this morning because i was dreaming that i was already at work   i realized it wasn't real when <propfirst> told me to go home early so i could stay late on thursday (new pay week   just doesn' make sense) 
i love the way it smells outside today   something about it seems familiar
"when using the <propfirst> 0 through 9, how many 4 digit combinations are possible?  i know i have learned this before, but it was half my lifetime ago "
"if you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten \-- <propfirst> carlin"
moody
safeway   here i come
raspberry cinnimon roll with icecream
i wish i had the power to make everybody happy all of the time
time to wrap presents!!!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> day morn'
enjoyed spending part of the day with my waterford family
jumpin' in the hot tub suckers
"my ultimate vocation in life is to be an irritant \-- <propmale> costello"
first day of school   i will spend most of my day waiting in various lines
weird stuff going on in arkansas
"i know its going to be a busy week when i'm thinking \it's already tuesday?!\"""""
how about them seahawks?  smile 
trading in time at the gym for a workout in my driveway
something myspace has that i wish facebook had : karaoke
"is january too early to have spring fever?  i really want to go for a hike or a bike ride, but don't want to do it in the snow slush mud wind cold "
i should probably do some homework tonight   but i really don't feel like it    maybe i'll think it over while i have a snack 
"i just learned this from planet green annoyed bacon contains tyramine, which increases the release of norepinephrine, a brain stimulant"
"this is so funny check it out    1  go to google maps and click get directions 2  write u s a  as your start point 3  write japan as your destination    4  go to the 31st point on your route  when you stop laughing, re-post this in your status so that others can laugh too!"
i'm thinking about busting out a jigsaw puzzle
"it's official:  kayanne hashagen   still no middle name, although i was considering \tastic\"" """
jones- griffin- <propfemale>
now greenbay needs to win tomorrow and my picks for the weekend will be perfect 
"normally, i don't have a problem sleeping- but i feel like i was awake most of the night   i know i slept for a little while though, because i had a dream so action packed that it woke me up   i was be chased hunted by \bad guys\"" """
"just ran a mile in under 10 minutes   i know that's not a time that will win any races, but considering that i was unsure i could even complete a mile without stopping, i'm feeling pretty good about it "
i just got my new license   i hadn't considered that changing my name would also change my dl#
i guess its about time to get some stuff done around the house
"i wonder what i added to my pandora playlist that put enya on it   its not that i don't like enya, just weird when i've been listening to stp, audioslave, metallica, rhcp and such"
i think it is time for some no bake cookies
dancing like a weirdo seems to make me feel better
do you realize that you have a buffalo in the back of your car?
"i'm a teeny <propfemale> little ant, checkin' out this and that"
"is it true oregon state basketball championship games are taking place in stanfield on friday?  plus, we are in it still, right?  is the game sold out?  how much are tickets?"
i'm born again with snakes eyes
"dinner, a workout, homework   then maybe some laundry and tidyin' up the place "
"levanta, levanta, tienes que bailar"
i think the wind blew our furnace pilot out   i'm bundled up waiting for <propmale> because i am too scared to relight it myself   my house feels refrigerated 
someone should take away <propfemale>'s phone
lycan just drank water on her own for the first time since thurday morning 
it's time to teach my puppy some stuff
it is a beautiful morning!
