df808e2e9b0b98e97a7401ecc4d356ce
"tgif! hospice seminar @ rutgers tomorrow, another early morning but it'll be fun  smile "
work til 7  <propmale>'s baseball game til 10  sleep  volunteering tomorrow  work on friday  then hellooo weekend!
aced my test  smile  looking forward to ocean city <propfemale> to visit the grandparents in lawwww for a long weekend 
finished my projecttt  smile 
work  hospice  work  weekend  school  repeat 
less than a month til i turn 21  laugh 
dishes: done  laundry: done  studying: in progress    relaxing on the couch with hot chocolate my love made me? worth it  
trueblood seasons 1 n' 2 would be ligit for my birthday
did my first <propfemale> puncture today!! drawing blood is easyyyy peeeezieee  smile 
"manic monday, i wish it was sunday "
my goddaughter can say <propfemale> now!  laugh 
yard sales everywhere! just got back from the diner  played with the pup  makin a cd and gettin ready to head up to granma's house to see my lovess love 
officially a certified phlebotamist  laugh 
pumpkin pickin & carving with <propmale> & <propfirst>   then wings & foootball?    laugh 
job interview tomorrow @ a rehab center! where can a girl get a nice dress suit?
home with cramps & a real bad stomach ache   sad 
its friday  laugh 
my boss rocks  he just sent me out to get a mani pedi  happy belated birthday to me  smile 
there was a bear just outside my door last night and we didn't even see it!!! by the time i got charlies leash and brought him out to see what he was sniffin @ the garbage was all over the lawn and the neighbors ushered back inside the house 
going to atlantic city with my best friend! yessssss love  now lets just hope we win big on the <propfemale> machines so we can actually gamble   haha
favorite holiday tomorrow!!!!!!!  laugh 
it's such a beautiful day & i'm stuck inside studying   at least i have a gorgeous view 0 laugh 
going to the city to see my boyfriends comedy act  smile 
meeting my little sister in the city for her birthday after a short day at work  smile 
 smile 
off to ireland tomorrow!!! g o o d b y e e e e e e e  love 
nooooooooooooooooo i dont want to ever leave irelandddd  sad 
woohoo! passed all of mckesson's phone interviews! interview on-site monday at the radiologists office  laugh   laugh   laugh   love  happy weekend people!
job searching is a job in itself!
