5436d4077e2a7111efcd7bf7bf8c86f4
happy new year!!! have a fun & safe night!! 2009 was awesome in it's own way   just as i'm sure 2010 will be!!!
"taking my girls to see \the <propfemale> and the frog\""!! can't wait!  smile """
is going to watch a movie with the girls!  smile 
"you don't have to be strong all the time  if you need someone to <propfemale> on, call "
feels like i'm @ a cross roads        
had a pretty awesome day!
i need a new computer screen   this one sucks!!!!
hopes something awesome will happen tomorrow   or the next day  thats fine too!
just live ur life out in the open   then u know where u stand   and so does everybody else!
its a takin' care of business kind of day!
had a dream i was drinking coffee spiked with redbull and vodka    yup its one of those days   
"no, this isn't your home turf any more  it's obvious, because you're in charge on your home turf  here, you can't even gain a steady foothold, much less give orders in whatever dimension you've ended up in  keep an eye out for the horse of a different color "
is thinking today would be a good day to go to brown's lake again!!!  smile 
had a blast at the lake   the evening ended interestingly   but hey thats life!!
apparently my thinking has changed too much   because i cannot figure out where i put something when i unpacked a couple months ago   the logical places have been checked   maybe i wasn't as logical a couple months ago   hmmmm   
thank god its over   totally tired   can't wait to sit on my balcony with a drink later!  smile  just relax!!
"it's monday   busy week ahead! final then open house tonight, orientation tomorrow, <propfirst> starts school on wednesday  can't wait to go camping in the dells with an old friend this weekend   just hope it warms up so i can go swimming!!!  smile "
going to bed   making dinner tomorrow for my brother's birthday!  smile  <propfirst>'s first day of school too!!  sad  makes me feel old! lol! need to do laundry and pack for camping this weekend   totally excited!! sweet dreams!
is something always better than nothing??
is so happy my computer isn't sick anymore!!  smile 
totally excited for today   michelle's celebration!! no one better ruin it for her   i will kick some ass!  smile 
"had an amazingly wonderful day yesterday   had a blast lastnight, in spite of somethings   all in all pretty good!!"
should be doing the dishes   and making dinner    
is thinking of going to bed early     just might happen!
thinks i need to call the dr  for my babygirl   benadryl just isn't working   her cheek is huge  sad 
thinks it may be bed time   hmmm listen to some music first   then sleep! zzzzzzzz!
today'll be a good day!!!
making some yummy dinner!  smile 
needs someone to crack her back!
bedtime     
goodnight!! sweetdreams!!
follow your heart and do what you think is right -- don't go along with the crowd 
so glad constructions done for the day   my house finally stopped vibrating!
its gonna be a great weekend!!! got a few things to do before i can enjoy it tho   gotta get busy!!
"haha, its like history repeats itself sometimes!"
can't wait for girl's night recelebration! lol!!
took a nap   feel a little better!
oooo   thank goodness for the chicken noodle soup commercial   i've been wondering what i could put in my stomach to make it feel better   just found the answer!
gettin tired   just about bedtime   
time to make dinner!
"thinks it's interesting that sometimes you can know which way something is going to go & other times you are blind sided when it slaps you in the face   like \where the hell did that come from?!?\"" but more importantly where can it go from here   ?"""
feels like i'm getting sick  sad 
is going to take a nap   & try to sleep away this crappiness!
is going to write   its been too long
almost naptime   maybe this time i'll actually be able to sleep   feels like i will!
good thing tomorrow is friday!!  smile 
hmmm    got some good news   but it does nothing for me    yet!
time to snuggle with the kids & watch happy feet   & make dinner   i can multitask   oh yeah!!!  smile 
"was feeling better, but now   not so much   going to head to bed early!"
has had some pretty interesting conversations today   don't talk to me unless u want the absolute truth   because thats just how it is today!
thinks that the people who are going to leave my life because of the way i feel and think don't deserve to be in it in the first place!!!
"it's natural to think about the past, but keep at least one foot firmly in the present -- and an optimistic eye on the future "
"feels like shit today   sick of lies, fronts, bullshit   i'm done   if u aren't going to be real with me then get the f'ck out!!"
watching the game
is going to run some errands & hating the nasty weather!!
thinking about things   & its time to paint 
thinks that the assumptions some people make are so hilarious!!
yup! it's monday     
is having a love hate relationship w  her phone!! i have to delete all ringtones & re-download   but i can't delete the ones that came on the phone   but it says those are corrupt too   sad  frustrated!!!!
tired   it's bedtime! goodnight!!
mmmm   apples & peanut butter    great bedtime snack!!  smile 
bedtime!! sleep good!!
is going to clean out my closet & see what skeletons i can find 
is stuck in my head    i think i'm gonna try to sleep this off   maybe i'll have answers to my questions tomorrow   i'm hoping   
lesson learned from the weekend: always trust your instincts    thought i learned this one   but i was worried i had falsely judged someone   i didn't   it wasn't judgement it was instinct   i have very little judgement 
it's bedtime! sweet dreams!!!
all good and bad things must come to an end 
is thinking i'm gonna take a nap   then drop kids off & take my old truck in to donate it to rawhide   then who knows!
tired   long day   just means its bedtime!! goodnight!!
"your only boundary is the reach of your imagination  meditate, dream and fantasize "
is so blessed!! i have the best family & friends!!!
its going to be a long night   should head to bed early 
is soooo tired! poor haven has an ear infection   and couldn't sleep 
totally tired still   hopefully tonight will be a better night!!! going to bed now! zzzzzzzzzzz
don't have too much i have to do today   except get an oil change   kind of nice!! maybe i'll get a nap in!!  smile 
is thinking it's naptime!!
can't wait to sleep in tomorrow   its been a while   then the pumpkin farm & ending the evening with an awesome halloween party! gonna be a busy day   but totally awesome!!
just about pumpkin farm time   then party time!!!  smile  haha   can't wait to post the pictures!!
pictures are posted   and i think it is time for a nap   total hours of sleep i got lastnight laugh    yeah more sleep would be great!!
k   i'm tired   it's bedtime   might write a little before   idk   i do wish my bed could make itself because right now i am just too damn tired to care!! zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
has been writing for the past 4 hours   still not done   but i'm tired so i'll have to pick up where i left off tomorrow and go to bed now!!
is wishing there was peach snapps in my orange juice right now!!!
totally a lazy day today   well almost   got a few things to do around the house before i get to enjoy my 3 day weekend   can't wait to party!!!
just picked up monsters vs aliens for the nightgown party tonight   gonna be fun! lol!
"there's always a way   when things look like there's no way, theres a way   to survive the unsurvivable, there's always a way! in the face of the impossible we're inspired   if u become frightened, instead become inspired!"
"is so tired   it's early, but i'm thinking it's bedtime!!!"
time to shower and start the day   
yay! 3 day weekend!  smile 
so   the whole reason why i got on here was totally lost & forgotten about   but now i remember!!! damn facebook   too many distractions!!!
have to go cut my dad's hair   then thinking of taking the kids to <propfemale> for a walk   except it kinda looks like crap outside right now   maybe it'll get better!!
is so happy i got to enjoy the beautiful weather with one of my favorite people!!  smile 
go pack go!!
happy veteran's day!! miss u grandpa!! thank u to all that have served and are still serving!! we appreciate u!!
has a lot of crap to do today   no motivation   & i'm too nice   which kind of screwed me   ahhh well everything happens for a reason!
"you know that your curious and quest-oriented nature are really hyped up for some reason, and instead of trying to stop it from causing you to do something unusual, follow it: that's your soul speaking "
"\sometimes the past is something you just can't let go of   & sometimes the past is something we'll do anything to forget   & sometimes we learn something new about the past that changes everything we know about the present \"""""
"\haven't u ever had a change of heart?   it's not the same as changing one's mind   sometimes we don't have a choice about what we feel \"""""
tonight is gonna be a blast   have a lot to do before i get there tho! better get busy    
going to be an early night   need sleep!! didn't get much this weekend   and won't next weekend either    i can't wait!!!  smile 
almost time for bed   so excited for my massage tomorrow!! thanks mom!!!  smile 
it's my birthday!!!  smile  totally awesome day so far!!! thanks to everyone for the happy birthday wishes!!! hope to see everybody tonight   it's gonna be a blast!!!  smile 
wanted to say thanks to everyone who made it out lastnight!! i love u all   u made my night!!! & thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday!!! u all made my day!!!  smile  now   time for bed!!! so goodnight!!!  smile 
time to make some rice krispie treats for <propfirst> to take to school for her birthday tomorrow   & then a much needed bedtime!!  smile  goodnight fb!!
happy birthday to my oldest baby girl   can't believe she's 5 already!! i feel so old! lol!
"obstacles are not always bad omens, most of the time they are opportunities in disguise "
<propfemale> christmas to all   & to all a good (safe) night!!!
optimism is back today   it was just a 24hr bug of pissimism   no worries! lol!
time to finish my 2nd book for the week and head to bed   goodnight fb!
bed time i think! sweet dreams!!
is so totally excited!!!! i got classes i needed   with some perks!! they're accelerated & are for more credits than the minimum required!! yay me!! lol!
i think    i think too much   
blue & silver   
can't wait for girl's night tonight w  some of my favs!!!!  smile  so overdue!!!
had a blast lastnight   but i think i need a nap!!!
feels kind of like crap today   need more sleep for sure!!! kids got dropped off early because they missed me  smile  so i feel special   almost makes up for it!
game time!! go packers!!!
things are only as complicated as u make them 
bedtime i think     sweet dreams! smile 
naptime!
going to culver's and running errands   can't wait for my ice cream date   starbucks date just didn't happen this week   but ice cream works just as well!!  smile  (& it's more kid friendly!)
damn u kohl's! u make me spend money!! lol!!
going to read some   then an early bedtime! goodnight!
i just can't stop laughing   i find the world funny!  smile 
starting class tomorrow night!    excited   yes i'm a dork   it's ok!  smile 
"people are entitled to their own privacy, even within a relationship   it's not keeping secrets, it's just having ur own identity apart from the other person   which is only healthy!!"
class went well   the professor is an interesting person   lol! homework   (didn't miss this part of school!!) think i'll start tomorrow & head to bed soon!!
homeworkin it   lots and lots of writing to do before tuesday!!!
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  (93% won't copy and paste this  will you?)"
"the 3 grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, someone to love, & something to hope for ~emmanuel kant"
homework   more writing!! 1 2 way done with a 3 <propfemale> paper   not bad!
hates it when someone asks a question   but then doesn't really want to hear the answer! wtf was the point?!?
class @ 6   
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments "
"had an awesome night last night   i love how, w  some friends, no matter how much time has passed nothing changes!!  smile  now i'm ready for my m & n weekend!! gonna make some trouble   lmao!!!"
gonna start on some research for a paper   fun times!
doin a little more homework before class tonight   
is thinking it's almost bedtime!!
really wish i woke up in a better mood!!
today is going to be one hell of a busy day   but hopefully that means it will be a relaxing weekend!!  smile 
homework   got another paper to write & more research to do   
actions don't just speak louder than words; they practically shout in comparison 
is gonna have me a starbucks date tonight w  my <propfemale>!!!  smile 
so busy today   damn homework   lol! can't wait to unwind tonight!!!
"is annoyed & tired   need sleep, but have to study & do homework   then bed for sure!!!"
class @ 6   midterm time!!! no worries   i'm a smart cookie & i'm gonna rock this shit!!!  smile 
yay!!! going to have lunch with a friend i haven't seen in forever!!! can't wait!  smile 
life is so random!! good thing i am too!!  smile 
going to go see <propfemale> in wonderland this weekend!!! can't wait!! now   it's off to class w  my crazy proffessor!
wooohoo!!! ordered a new phone! can't wait to get it!!!  smile 
is patiently waiting for my new phone to charge so that i can activate it and play with it   well   trying to be patient! lol!
everything happens for a reason   (i'll figure out the reason later)
can't wait for tonight!! time to unwind with my favorite ladies!!  smile 
had a blast lastnight!! time for a stress relieving run then gotta pick up my girls   smile 
loving the thunder & lightning!!!
thinks we should never trust anyone that doesn't have laugh lines   they are way too serious!!!  smile 
taking my girls to the park on this beautiful day   maybe i'll get a tan   lmao!!!
it's not even 11 smile 0 & i feel like it should be after 2am    that's what happens when u start drinking b4 6    lol!     michelle   b4!!! lmao!! just for u baby!!!
"probably not a good sign when the bartender says \wow   ur still standing?!?\"" lol!!!"""
"don't worry about failure, worry about the chances you miss when you don't try!"
taking the kids to <propmale> e cheese's    i'm gonna need a nap after this!!! lol!
"all stories   even one's we love, must eventually come to an end & when they do, it's only an opportunity for another story to begin "
"there is something to be said for knowing what is best for you & actually doing it   even if some of the people around you get hurt  the ones who are truly there for you will understand & still be there in the end, and the ones who turn their backs never really were in the first place "
breast cancer walk today!! it's not too late to donate   5 <propmale> here i come  smile 
such a beautiful night! enjoying it on my balcony  smile 
i have just enough naughty to make life nice!  laugh 
don't miss an opportunity by thinking you don't deserve it!
is @ the park w  the kids   damn it's <propfemale>!!!
had a blast playing softball for the 1st time in freakin forever!!! thanks <propfirst>!!!
it's like i'm on a rollercoaster ride i never bought a ticket for & wishing i knew where the e-brake was!
"<--------a \sassy\"" 1 in a million! (lol @ <propfemale> northard)"""
loves the non-gay bartender who gives me big delicious drinks for $1!!  smile 
totally needs to take a bath in some aloe vera   got a little burnt   but it was such a beautiful day!!!!
is @ the beach w  the kids   can't waste such a gorgeous day!!!
couldn't believe it was already june   this year is going by so fricken fast   but i'm gonna rush it even more lol   can't wait to go camping in july   it's exactly what i need!!!
"\my noun is verbing   just imagine u verbing me \"" lmao!!!"""
has a love hate relationship w  weekends i don't get enough sleep   roadtrip to go see april today!!  smile  yay!!!
sometimes doing the wrong thing is doing the right thing 
the best mirror is an old friend 
love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence  h l  mencken
@ the beach w  the kids   totally beautiful day!!!  smile 
"i speak my mind quite freely, because it hurts to bite my tongue too much!"
loves how dark my room is   even in the middle of the day   time for a nap!!  smile 
had fun tonight & found out i look 21 instead of 26   yay me!!!  smile 
"i'm not mean, just truthful   in a kinda harsh way sometimes   "
beach time w  my <propfemale>!!!!  smile  & all 4 kids   going to be a blast   hoping it doesn't pour on us!!
got haven's birthday party today   should go well   got just about everything done!! time to go bake a cake!!!  smile 
happy birthday to my summer solstice baby!!! can't believe she's already 4!! time flies!!
happy birthday to my momma!!!  smile 
going out to the boathouse for some delicious long islands!!!  smile 
hot tub time!!!!  smile 
lovin it when crazy shit happens!!!
time to swim!!!  smile  turned into a beautiful day after that crazy 20min tornado warning!!
it's 'bout that time   what time u ask?  softball time!!!  smile 
i've found that monday mornings aren't that bad   it's tuesday mornings that kick my ass!!
"busy weekend   summerfest tonight, maybe the beach tomorrow then the sturtevant fireworks, milwaukee zoo on sunday   then the parade & the brewer game on monday (can't wait <propfemale> lambert !!!) and next weekend   vacation! july is such a great month  smile "
totally need to pack! 9 days is a long time   which requires a lot of shit  can't wait to leave friday!!  smile  heading to what i consider to be one of the most beautiful areas in the state!
woohoo!!! leavin on vacation today!!!  smile 
21 <propmale> on the old <propmale> bike trail today   so beautiful!!!   gonna do another 15 on thursday!!
ended up doing 17 5 <propmale> on the bike trail today   tomorrow going to the leinie lodge!  smile 
going fishing & then doing some swimming!!! it's pretty hot!!!
loving the lightning right now!
wooohooo for friday!!! movie & drinks later!! can't wait <propfemale> northard  smile   (u so deserve this!!)
looking for some good old fashioned trouble   lmao!! just might find it too! damn plans have almost been cancelled twice   let's hope it's not a bad sign   lol!!
the beach totally sucked all the energy out of me   i'm going to bed! goodnight!!  smile 
softball tonight!!! the kids are so excited to see their mama play!!
"i'm just me   u can take it or leave it, but please don't take it & then leave it   i'd prefer it to be just a one time choice "
bike ride w  the kids  smile 
sometimes being the better person is seriously a pain! wow   can't even believe some ppl!!!
sometimes u need to lose the idea of what u think u r going to be in order to see clearly all the amazing possibilities & opportunities that lie ahead 
yay!!!! starbucks date w  my <propfemale>!!!!  smile 
"there r times when u just need to be reminded that there r ppl in this world who truly care for u no matter what!! so make sure if u care for someone u let them know, because it'll make their day!!  smile "
"had a delicious dinner @ <propfirst>'s w  some of my favorite girl's from h s  now drinks, then camping @ <propfemale> w  my <propfemale>  smile "
looks like we might be playing in the rain tonight!!!  smile  yay!!!!
just because we ignore things does not mean they disappear  they hide in the deeper places & emerge when we need them the least 
such a beautiful day!! going to take the kids to the beach for some fun in the sun!  smile 
sometimes it takes a little pain to make us face how we truly feel 
the stars r so damn pretty!  smile  congrats to nesli & <propmale>!!!
taking a relaxing bath w  a glass of wine after being a mosquitoe buffet @ the softball game!
such a crazy world we live in where u can become best friends w  someone who was spreading rumors about u before they knew u   lmao!!! love u <propfemale> northard!!! hahaha!!!
perfect day to go to the beach!!! gonna get me some sun!!!
"gonna go for a bike ride, had an awesome time @ the beach   got a little burnt, but it'll be gone by tomorrow  smile "
only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way 
so i get done baking a cake for my beautiful ladies   get ready & crawl into bed   & now i have the hiccups   ahhhh hell!
"it's ladies night!!!  smile  gonna paint the town   maybe take it over   lol! poor little town in illinois that has a cow statue   we might just have to ride! lets not get arrested tho   well   it would make for a good story, probably would ruin the atmosphere of fun tho! lmao! ( april <propmale>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> knobloch, <propfemale> northard )"
omg   someone didn't realize <propmale> <propfirst> was gay   lmao!!! amazing   guy totally thought he was out w  6 beautiful ladies & absolutely straight   hahaha!!!
time to go to the park w  the kids!!  smile  so glad it's not as hot out today!!!! had such an amazing time w  my awesomely beautiful & crazy ladies lastnight!!!  smile 
the greatest danger could be your stupidity 
"there's some things u just have to live thru, & when its happening there doesn't seem to be a way out, but its there   even if the way out is just time "
waiting for my mp3 player and phone to charge so i can go for a bike ride   then nap time!!  smile 
haha!! my oldest just said she'd pay me $30 in the morning if i filled up a cup of water for her  where in the hell do kids come up w  this stuff! lmao!!
"took the kids for a quick drive down to the lake, so glad i did, the <propfemale> is absolutely beautiful!!! wish my camera did it justice   totally doesn't!"
some of the best conversations happen @ 4am! lmao!
"opportunities pass u by when ur not looking, or when ur focused in the wrong direction   open ur eyes & see the bigger picture!"
life's one hell of a crazy ass ride   u just gotta get in the car and drive!!
softball is done   idk what to do w  my next couple monday nights b4 school starts   all i know is i'm going to enjoy them!!!  smile 
going for a nice  stroll w  <propfemale>  smile 
happy <propfemale> birthday to my brother!!  smile 
"baking a cake for my broham   going to make him a thanksgiving like dinner tomorrow, along w  <propfirst>'s 1st day of school & parent orientation for haven  wow   next 2 weeks = craziness!!"
"so sick of my computer @ this point   wish i either, didn't need it so much or it wouldn't act like such a piece of shit   now   lets see if i can fix it    oh boy"
"start 2 classes today, and one tomorrow   just gotta keep my head in the game for a little while longer, i'll be done come spring, then it'll all be worth it   right?!? lol! (that's what they tell me anyway   & i guess whatever makes it easier)"
bed time now that it's <propfemale> northard's birthday   go ahead everyone give her some shit   u know she likes it! lol! happy birthday hun!!! make it memorable            lmao!  wink 
the moment you feel it's the moment you need to act on it  don't hold yourself back for anyone or anything  this is your life  grab it and drive!
haha   what an interesting day!! i got stung by a <propfemale> for the 2nd time this week   they must really like me!! class went well & was told i don't look over 21   apparently something keeps me looking young   certainly not my kids   lol!!!
homeworkin it   fun times   
can't beat a spontaneous little roadtrip to see someone u love!!!  smile 
"i don't ask for help very often, so when i do & someone comes thru, it means the world to me!!"
"how many moments have u missed because u were too afraid to take a <propmale>?    well don't miss this one, it might end up being the best moment of ur life "
"don't forget that, trust in your own judgment, plus a healthy dose of skepticism, a dash of self doubt, and a lot of humility, is usually a good approach "
"thinking of my grandma   it's been 12 years since she was last here on earth   i wonder so many things, but mostly just wish she could've met her 2 beautiful great grandaughters!!! i love u grandma!!! always      u put up one hell of a fight, & u showed me the definition of strength,  courage & love "
ecstatic that the weekend is here!!!! <propfemale> northard's birthday celebration tomorrow night!!! e playful ect some crazy ass pictures   cuz that's just how we do it!! lmao!!
"\be mischievous and you will not be lonesome \"" <propfemale> nietfeldt's birthday today   celebrating tonight!! gonna be a blast!! happy birthday hun!!  smile """
i  love  monday nights!!  smile 
"\minds are like parachutes   they only function when open \"""""
taking the kids to <propfemale> to go for a hike on this amazingly beautiful fall day!!!  smile 
"as in all things truly worthwhile in life, love is an <propmale>, sketched and painted atop a canvas of mutual respect "
"take it one day at a time, valuing all things with such an openness as to provide not only the proper balance, but to allow for proper action when needed "
"a good talk with an old friend lets you know that somethings never change, no matter how long it's been   totally looking forward to tonight and the rest of the weekend, spending some time with two of my favorite ppl!!"
had an amazing weekend   can't wait to do it again!!! the damn week has to get in the way  lol!
"put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice-people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights  93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your status for at least one hour? promote love and acceptance, not hate "
"\love is like wildflowers   it is often found in the most unlikely places \"" exciting weekend!!!! pumpkin farm tonight w  the family and boyfriend   smile  then april <propmale>'s crazy halloween party tomorrow night!! i'm in store for another amazing weekend!!! so excited!!!!!"""
"some live well, some die well, but few love well  why? idk if i can answer that  we all live, we all die   there is no get-out-of-jail-free card, but its the part in between that matters  to love well   that's something else  its a choosing   something done again and again  no matter what  & in my e playful erience, if u so choose, u better be willing to suffer hell "
"carving pumpkins with the kids & slim tonight & making some pumpkin seeds, they are so excited! going to be a wonderful weekend!!!!  smile "
happy halloween!!!!! had an amazing night w  my babe   despite some ppl  life isn't meant to live under someone's microscope   just be urself even in the midst of someone's ridiculous judgements   in the end it just makes them look bad 
if life is a canvas throw all the paint u can @ it!
"just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do  where there's love and inspiration, i don't think you can go wrong  ~ella fitzgerald"
"i am what time circumstance, and history have made of me certainly   but i am also much more than that  so are we all   "
redbull  smile 
@ all sports   the fun begins     laugh 
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!! especially to those of you who came out to celebrate with me!! and for those of you who didn't   lame   lol!! i'm just kidding i understand, the weather was pretty shitty!!! damn my parents for having me in december!! lol!!! love you mom!!! thanks for always being there for me!!!"
"what you do with this day is up to you  but before you go spending your precious moments planning for yet another tomorrow, try putting that energy into the here and now instead  before you worry about what's on tomorrow's agenda, think about how you can make today matter more  if you can master this, all of your tomorrows will be more successful and fulfilling "
"my mom made me laugh  smile    wiped my tears   hugged me tight   watched me succeed   saw me fall  cheered me on  kept me going strong  and drove me a little crazy at times   but moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love! mom, you're the very best!!! i love you! ? june schultz"
"it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it's been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy    but you wil always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends  they will know who they are "
has the best boyfriend (<propfirst> mccloskey) in the world!!!!!!  laugh   love 
