6101787f89c4d3fc4d82e6df6e134908
another day - another year gone 
is back from disney world and now needs a vacation from her family!
wants to do something fun today!!
"you need to get up, get out, and smoke something "
needs to get away from here 
go sox!!
wake n bake  chillin  work 430-8  chill after? textttt  wink  &hearts;!
chillin for a bit  smokin a bit  goin to play beer pong a bit with <propfemale>!  wink  text me lets cheel
haha beer pong was so fun im so <propmale> lol what a good night  wink 
haha round 2 tonight? maybeee
beach was nice  work 430-830 
work till 545  whats goin on tonight?
"you need to get up, get out, and smoke something "
why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?
getting shitty before 5 lol! join meeee
yaaayyyy girls night with <propfemale>  maybe gettin shittay?  wink 
gettin crunk with <propfemale>!
hahah psychos  functioning on 3 hours of sleep  whats good today?
goin to the sox vs  cubs game today! go sox!
omg fuck the sox vs  cubs game i wanna go to rock the bells!
"nvm sox vs cubs game it is  id wanna see cypress hill, ice cube, n house of pain   oh well go sox  love "
fuck the cubbies!! yaayyyy white sox  beckham your the man  smile 
killed in beer pong yesterday  haha hell ya no more rusty-ness  work from 11-145  chill after?
why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?
"goin to see the hangover with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>  whats good later?"
i am a prisoner locked up behind xanax bars 
gettin shittaayyyy text me facebook me im in the talking mood
drunk text me  hit me up on here
is chillin like a villain  whats good today?
fuck this wheres all the narcotics hahahah
job interview at 2  parents are leaving  what to do what to do
not everyone understands house music; it's a spiritual thing; a body thing; a soul thing 
is so damn bored  chicago in the morning 
chicago today  hit me up
holy shit the taste was so chaotic  almost got shot twice i swear  almost got in a fight with some black girls and bitched out a black dude  hahaha whats up everyone
happy 4th  idk wtf im doing haha lets get wasstedddddd love 
happy 4th! goin to alsip to party tonight  hit me up  love 
ahahaha what a funny night   i got coronaassss
work from 4:45-8 smile 0 
i get superman high with the thugs 
training at my new job from 3-7  chill after?
i get superman high with the thugs
booo  old navy training 2-5 then jump zone 530-845  shady 
off work    im bored    whats goin on?
chillin  party tonight? hmm hit me up 
fuckin a    grounded again    haha
says fuck being grounded   
is so god damn bored and is so tired of this grounding bullshit
yaaayyyy crue fest! finally goin out!
ungrounded finally!!! fuck yaaa
work 145-430 then party in joliet! hollaaaa haha
is goin to party in new lenox then in joliet! hollaaaaa
wow i had a great night a bit fucked up  wink  hoolllaaaa at me now
is gonna go on a nature walk then is gonna be straight chillin all night  hit me up come chill 
is about to be chillin all night  come chill
straight chillin  lovin these somas  good night  hit me up
mayhem fest today with stefff! yay!
mayhem was badass  whats good tomorrow?
hmmmmm what to do today   
my shoulder hurts  text me 
has work from 5-930 at old navy  killleddd 
work 1245-4 at jump zone  then chillin after  hit me up 
"there's no more love, trust, respect, or loyalty  product of my surroundings "
is gettin up there  text yo i wanna do somethin fun tonight!
doesnt wanna go to work today at old navy  ugh come visit me! 5-930
is off work and goin to chill with the boys  hollaaaa
work at jump zone 245-545  chilllll after?
home  chillin 
"when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace "
hair appt at 330 senior pictures at 6  anything goin on tonight?
senior pictures at 6 then sinkin way low tonight  wink 
is def gonna get her car decked out even better then she has it now! fuck ya
has the house to herself all day  straight chillin! hollaaa
is gettin my chill on with stef  floatin away  then goin to see winds of plague!!!
winds of plague was fucking brutal  but so was hatebreed and chimaira and dying fetus  fuck yaaaaa metal boys  love 
is chillin in the clouds  holllaaa  wink 
doesnt have work today! whats good!?
pulp fiction is so badass
has work at old navy from 5-930!
"it's not loud enough for me  you can scream to the point of making my fucking eardrums bleed, and it's still not loud enough for me "
i want to get some new subs  does anyone have any suggestions?
"it's not loud enough for me  you can scream to the point of making my fucking eardrums bleed, and it's still not loud enough for me "
work 4-8  gettin crunk after w  stef!! holllaaaa
movies  ganj  party at a mansion  fuck ya get at me 
"is rollin up a beezy  to be quite honest, i'm pretty disappointed with my classes "
emmure was so badass!! oceano and despised icon was also badass!!!
ok your a goon what's a goon to a goblin 
i'm so hot you'd probably catch a tan around this mothafucka
r i p  <propmale>  the good die young 
tippppssyyy  hollaaa haha
life is a gamble and i'm all about my poker chips
we don't want no problems  ok your a goon what's a goon to a goblin
"it's not loud enough for me  you can scream to the point of making my fucking eardrums bleed, and it's still not loud enough for me "
"spectacular, how could you dare me when i'm already willing to die "
work 130-6 then gettin shiitttyyyyy wif stef  hollllaaaa
wasted  haha holla at meee
man fuck these bitches  i swear i care about everything but these bitches 
"while you decompose, die with a blunt of dro in your hand "
i feel like dying 
is so fucking sick  omg and i gotta go work at jump zone    =[
=[ siiiickkkk    zeitgeist is amazing omg   it totally just makes you think on a whole different level 
is still sick and has work from 2-7 at old navy
didnt go to work after all and just got back from apple picking! haha
i like to get high mane 
my dad almost just knocked the shit out of some other dad  lol brutal 
is goin to get shitttyyyy with stef  holllaaaa
had a bad weekend but yesterday with stef was so fuckin fun!  love 
"\your intensity is growing stronger; keep focused and you'll soon be unbeatable \"" best horoscope today"""
"i'm so over it, i'm fucking over it "
feelin the fury flow out of every follicle in my body 
you know what i hate?? bitches & assholes 
is so fucking stressed out  i need some time to just get my chill on and have no worries 
man fuck these bitches  i swear i care about everything but these bitches 
let's just settle this the old fashioned way  hell no 
reefer and my liquor 
go east! kick sandburg's ass!
bitches just don't know who they're fuckin with 
"rollin, rollin, rollin, we ain't slept in weeks "
i don't get people sometimes  not goin to homecoming work 5-930  holllaaa
fuck work 
just got a new phone  hellll yaaaaaa
fuck bitches get money 
i love boys getting their shit rocked by girls hahaha well goin to work booo
crucial conflict is the shit dude 
hahaha i love the people i work with  ugh super frustrated  i need somethin to calm me down 
"pass me the green, i need some weed with my hennessy "
early release tomorrow  mofuckaaaa
say hello to the devil  cuz here i come and you can't fuck with me 
does anyone know the day we took the act? april right?
"that's how we do it in the <propfirst>  on the south side, where we always keep it pimpin  man it ain't no lie "
just sent all my applications in! woooo!
i hate work   smile 
well    work sucked  chillin yo  holllaaaaa
say hello the the devil  cuz here i come and you can't fuck with me 
"light up the blunt, pass it to me "
well paranormal activity was pretty good but i must say i was kinda disappointed 
bitches are gonna get what they fucking deserve  this is it 
wow fuck work 6-11    2 months  love 
fridayyyy!
are you fucking kidding me? resorting to the cops? how much bigger of a pussy can you be?
got her hurr diiddddd  smile 
not goin to school helllll yaaaa
's new subs are bangin!
blunts of that good got me superman high 
burn one 
uhhh i had an extremely fucked up night    wow 
i really do hate my job  work 12-7
"if the bass is too hard, you are too weak "
druggies unite!
got accepted into western!
fuck old navy!
is gonna party hardy 
well i had a wonderful night last night   but now i get to kill it with work today   old navy will soon burn 
got accepted into missouri!
old school chicago house music  love 
is about to be flying high  then gettin shittaayyyy  smile 
i reaalllllyyyyyy hate old navy
codmw2? that shits fun as hell 
im finallllyyy fuckin single! and my now ex-boyfriend is a huge douche bag  shady mofucka 
afternoon delight!
got accepted into arizona state!
crazy shit tonight! thank god the flossmoor cops were cool as fuck with me 
had the worst couple of days of her life  jesus christ 
"when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace "
fuck snow
got my mofuckin phone shut off  fuck my life right? if you need anything hit me up on here 
question authority  what is their game?
what would you give for your freedom?
bulls game!
is gettin drunk by herself  haha word  it sucks being on lockdown  
is so fuckin excited for tomorrow! thanks stef!
i am a prisoner locked up behind xanax bars 
no school for me   smile 
somas and hydrocodeine love  im straight chillin 
got my phone turned back on!
who can get me some ganja?
rollin up a beezy
fuck all you bitches & fuck all you assholes 
"say hello to the devil, cuz here i come and you can't fuck with me "
dj markskiiiiiiiii!  love 
jereme rogers is so sexy 
phone back!!! again!
"if the bass is too hard, you are too weak "
who's gonna get fucked up!?
take a step back and blow the kush in their face 
hydrocodeines love 
you can't put a man in a room with no subwoofers 
dramamine say what?
dubstep love 
goin mofuckin sledding with my mane stef 
dj italian sensation mofucckkkaass  love 
 annoyed  rip aunt <propfemale>
got my belly button pierced!!
i need summer 
i love folk metal  love 
un-fuckin-grounded! it's about time!
i'm getting tired of people trying to be something there not  proud puerto rican and native american right here!
question authority  what is their game?
i am a prisoner locked up behind xanax bars 
home alone all weekend? fuck ya!
i don't wanna go back to schoooollll :[
r i p  <propfirst> -- you were always a cool kid in my book 
i gotta stay hiiiigh
hydrocodones and xanax  love  good dayy
is it just my parents? or are all parents fucking stupid?
no school for me todayyy!
oh how i love these pain killers 
"i wanna do something totally different, something totally new  i'm tired of the same ole shit in this lame town "
<propmale>! hahahaaa
straight chillin 
i wanna go to the movies today    hmmm idk who would go with me though 
legion with <propfirst> pedigo !!!
edge of darkness was so damn brutal!
burn up till you can't burn no more 
burn one 
baby shooweeerrrr!
annotated bibliography? hellllll mofuckin no 
6 weeks of no drugs!? omg!!! killed  
fuck <propfirst>'s day 
"honestly, this group therapy rehab thing isn't all that bad "
twirp is gonna be fuckin' ballin 
rollin rollin rollin we ain't slept in weeks 
"honestly, the club was so much better than that bitchass dance "
such an angry day  
4 day weekend!! hollaaaaa!
wtf is goin on tonight?!
lol zero gravity was sooo much fuckin fun  omg  stayin at my cousins house  get at me!  love 
i wanna smoke  :[
last night was a good night 
is gonna be chillin with <propfemale> flynn and some hydrocodones  love  finding love in both places 
a bit tipsy and on some hydros  i had a wonderful night with <propfemale> flynn
i had a good fucking weekend for a change  now i get to go to an aa meeting  haha fuck my life 
wow   im fuckin stupid sometimes  i need to stop poppin pills 
congratulations to <propfemale> and her baby boy coltin <propfirst> green!!
"you need a girl that's gonna get high with you, lie with you, cry with you, ride with you, die with you  all that type of shit i'll do "
techno  love 
and be a simple kind of man  be something you love and understand   love 
ain't no grave can hold my body down 
"tat, tat, tat it up!"
"well, fuckin ay  what to do, what to do "
i fuckin hate parents 
dfskjfdjlas i'm sick :[
is out to party hardy  hollllaaaa!
tonight i'm not takin no calls cuz i'll be dancin   love 
had a damn good weekend!!
is finally fuckin done with rehab!! whats uppppp bitches!
spring break mofuckass! i'm ready to party 
let's get another case and stay up all fuckin night
what the fuck is up chicago?
me n <propfemale> culp owned the fuckin dance floor 
gettin my mofuckin drank on 
goin to the white sox home opener!!! fuck ya! go sox!
my spring break fuckin owns 
thug life 
"clubbin, drinkin, smokin, the hood, i had a great fuckin spring break "
beezy
straight chillin tonight with <propfemale>!
off to the mall with my chica then goin dancin later! hollaaaaa!
dj markskiiiiiiiii  love 
i hate people  i can't fuckin wait to leave illinois 
it's my birfdayyyyyy  wink 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! means alot  now it is time to get obliterated   love 
"i had an awesome birthday  got my drank on, went dancin, got my drank on some more  thanks everyone!  love  legalll!"
5 day weekend nigggasss! whats good!? holllaaa n party   love 
out to party  5 day weekend bitchesss!!  love 
my life isn't on the track where it's suppose to be  i'd like to lead a successfull and fulfilling life with out the help of bars and pills  this is the end  a pact to myself   love 
"me, <propfemale> <propfemale> guilfoyle, & <propfemale> daoud owned the club last night  hottest girls there no doubt   love "
i got 5 on it 
who got that hydro? who got that light green?
i am no angel 
bitches ain't shit!
"smokin' on that fuckin junt, this shit has got me high as hell "
i like techno   love 
fuckin' snappin today 
'scuse me while i kiss the sky 
social then gettin shwasted  hollaaaa 
"fuck that stupid \i'm awesome\"" <propfemale>  gonna get my chill on  you already know """
bonfire and partyin with <propfemale>! you know what's good 
yaaa hawks!  love 
i get high with a little help from my friends!
smoking blunts was a daily routine since thirteen!
let's fuckin rage!
last night was sooo much fun  more dance parties!! douchey rocked the set!
"the club was fun last night  off to the beach with <propfemale> santucci, <propfemale> lopez, <propfirst> the butthead, and baby coltin  beezys gallooorreee  love "
bored  tipsy  and bored    wtf to doooo   
i'm gonna go finish this whole bottle of <propfemale>  get the fuck at me 
shwasted n blown  wink 
what a great fuckin weekend  graduation today! officially done with this high school bullshit forever 
get swoll 
goin for a cruise in the camaro gonna bang out the subs  get at me or come wif me!  laugh 
energy tonight?
i had a great night today get at me
tonights gonna be a wonderful night with all the alcohol and drugs i do!  wink 
club with <propfemale> smith !! tonight i'm not takin no calls cuz i'll be dancin!
jamboreeeee!!
club yesterday was sick  jamboree was fuckin bitchin!
deadmau5  love  thats amor 
sunday= funday  wink  yaaa hawks!
"tat, tat, tat it up! --- goin to get tatted!!  love "
my tattoo is fuckin sick! can't wait to get the color in on the 21st  wink 
haters everywhere we go 
all of you mofuckas listen up   i like my boyfriend alot and no one else is on my mind like he is  smile   love 
relay for life!
 love  <propmale>  love 
:[
raging with <propfemale> santucci and <propfemale> lopez !!  love  missin him 
layin out by the pool  wink 
"you're my angel  you're the only sunshine in my life, feels like heaven when you take me in your arms "
swimmin with the little cousins  barbeque with the family  voy a beber tambien  wink 
i love storms  love   laugh 
"eyes like a <propfemale> mane, high as a birdy  wink "
gettin swoll mofucka 
"when i saw you dancing in the night, i felt your heart beat next to mine  i saw the passion in your eyes, so just imagine my surprise  i don't wanna lose control tonight  i don't wanna fall in love "
on a mofuckin techno binge  shitty with my baby mama 
what a long strange trip it's been  peace facebook 
fire it up!
new york in 4 hours!!!
dgaf haterrsssss 
"new york    be prepared, cuz here i come!!"
oh  well hello chicago!
what a great 1 month   not  fuck the world man  just lookin out for #1 
another one dead and gone  rip <propmale> cadore  could this week get any worse? holy shit  on the brightside   i saw <propmale> capone's grave today 
get the heroin out of my fuckin town! rip <propmale> cadore and <propmale> laski
hey guess what you two faced <propmale> sucker? i don't give a fuck if you hate me  cuz i'm out doin me  freedom bitch!
"i'm so over it, i'm fucking over it  -- oh thanks emmure for those lovely words   love "
leaving my house for the weekend  its the best thing i can do right now  won't have internet service  so text me or call!
cripppllerrrr! only a select few would understand  haha my niggaaaa! well tonight shall be swell  party party 
"for my ears - there are emotions  for my eyes - colored confusion  fly away to discover the passion  look back, its not an illusion "
the strip club was crazy! but fun! rip <propmale> cadore  seeing you just about killed me today  made me realize alot in this crazy world 
na was reall good actually  goin for a cruise to relieve some stress 
skype?
i am a prisoner locked up behind xanax bars
disney world's about to lose its innocence    cuz here i come!!
what ever happened to plur? well shit im bout to go get smashed  holla 
wrecked 
omg! magarita and raspberry vodka & lemonade slushy things!! yum 
i hate men  specially men who are little bitches 
evansville! i'm coming for you!  smile 
i'm hommmeeee!
"<propfemale> has come to collect, and this is what you get "
i wanna go to the beach soon!
thank you mokena cops!!!!! for not getting me fucked!
hmmmm wtf to do today   
<propfemale> culp and i owned that mofuckin shit 
i'm ready to party  
"if the bass is too hard, you are too weak "
does anyone else have a membership to lifetime?  smile 
beach this weekend!?
off to <propfirst> <propfemale> czubernat's house  get at me 
ooohhh i love the feeling after a good workout  laugh 
me n <propfemale> santucci owned that shit!! i'm gonna miss my best friend!
creeeeeeed!
rage! rage! rage!
lmfao what a great night i had 
beers & bongs & blunts & creed!!
shit   this is gonna be a long year  
someone come to a rave with me 
gettin shitty with the 908 crew!
first day of class tonight  anyone else have a class?
rave! saturday???  laugh 
class at 1 then again at 4  holllaaa 
i wanna party tonight! done with school for the week till tuesday!!
car crash :[
i  love  my rental car  but hm what's good tonight?
i don't fucking get people  i hate it out here   can't wait to leave 
i wanna fuckin drink  dancin with <propfemale>? possibly 
"i got a discount at the club cuz i was \cute\""  wink  -- ugh i want that dude so bad haha"""
i want you to take over control  plug it in and turn me on 
mmmm cookies n' cream hershey bar   love 
<propfirst> cornfield is the best cousin ever!
kottonmouth kinggssss! still blowin smoke rings   love 
"six flags! more flags, more fun!!! yay!"
six flags was boss 
i want you to take over control   love  chillin con mi mejor amiga vonnaayyyyy! <propfemale> de menos mi mejor amiga stephoonniieee
i fuckin love my ouija board y mi mejor amiga(s)!
fuck this  fuck that  fuck you 
question authority  what is their gain?
 laugh 
i got a hamster today and named her <propfirst> daniels hehehe  laugh 
ahhhhh i like him   smile 
well    i'm gettin shitty tonight! woo!
 love  smile 
i'm feelin some southern rock!  smile 
smoke and get high!  love 
nowhere to run  nowhere to hide  demons inside  tech n9nnneee!
my name's <propfemale> and i like to party 
i wanna party 
rave tonight?  laugh 
that rave had to be the best decision i've ever made  omg 
i'm gettin a new car! oh yaaaaaa!
i got my car!! and i'm gettin shitty! oh ya!
"gettin drunk, sleepin at the boyfriend's, then goin offroading and 4 wheeling!!!"
i have a new found love    offroading!
i'm ready to rage  gettin shitty and dancin' the night away   wink 
the weekend needs to come sooner!
what a successful weekend! rejuvenating 
i'm ready to party 
sheisty 
i'm addicted to the fast life 
the world is mine 
weekend    hurry the fuck up!
plur plur plur!
what a great fuckin weekend! so stoked for next!!! my best friends coming home! and the trio shall be ragin!!
 love   laugh 
chillin with my bf after a long and crazy weekend!  love  plur
is it friday yet?
burr!
"hpnotiq, champagne, cobra's, baby <propfirst> daniels   ya whats up?"
i need more bass!
i'm ready to party 
spending time with the family and the best boyfriend everrrrrr!
:[
fuckin' classy 
you can't put a man in a room with no subwoofers 
"if the bass is too hard, you are too weak "
3  love 
the weekend needs to come faster!
plur plur plur!
let's go play in the water  you can borrow my rolling stone t-shirt 
seattle ain't got shit on us!
i miss my boooo :[
i feel like ragin  hurry up weekend 
purdue tonight! ragin!
lmao frat guys suck 
bitches ain't shit!
plur!!  love  with the best people ever minus my other bestie :[
hardstyle's my style 
fire it up!
i love my boyfriend <propfirst> thompson  love 
hahaha bitches ain't shit! especially fat ugly ones 
"if you're not in it for the love of the music, would you please fuck off?"
i hate whores and 2 faced people 
"if you don't chew big red, then fuck you!"
it's fuckin beautiful out and i'd like to get drunk 
wow  fuck today 
i live for hardstyle baby!
omg 6 months today! i love my bri guy!  love 
i love this weather!
:[
i love <propfirst> thompson  love 
happy holidaze   love 
hiii i loveee emmma cornfield with a passion love 
best bday weekend so far! offroading with my lovely boyfriend then dinner and with my best friends in the world! i love you <propfirst> thompson <propfemale> santucci <propfemale> lopez <propfemale> kintz <propfirst> greene!! lets rage
happy birthday to meee!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  love 
