990d4d6eaebfcf589e59f1dbd57587ce
i want my new camera
"i'm not quite sure why mr hill can't get my name right  i'm not a bad student, i've told him how to spell it, i write it on all my papers, i doodle it on my hand randomly,and he still spells it wrong   oh well, my grandfather spells it wrong too "
i finally got one! yes!
grrr i'm still trying to figure this place out
my bike tried to kill me   i hate it 
wants to kill the birds outside her window who woke her up
there's a little reminder of my cousin's birthday and i'll still manage to forget it   
my father posted the dating rules on here for <propfirst>  everyone thinks he is joking   my father doens't joke  he means every creepy word of it 
is sick of being a nice person and helping out with <propfirst>'s baseball team!
"has decided her tball team is actually very cute and sweet  <propmale>'s the best, he gave me a hug and said he missed me!!!!"
my phone died for maybe three hours and i got 13 messages   over half were from <propfemale> 
"got her room clean by her standards, but proably not by mother's"
"i'm nobody and nobody is perfect; therefore, i am perfect "
has a sore throat and tea doesn't help!
had a sore throat and now has an awful cough 
got a haircut that she regrets getting  sad 
finds it funny that facebook thinks she should reconnect with her mother 
"is tired and numb, which is better than being sad in her opinion, but she knows the sadness will come   maybe"
"i'm nobody and nobody is perfect; therefore, i am perfect "
has decided fictional characters are better than real people and would often make better boyfriends 
all skinid has done to my face is make it burn like   heck   it's so not worth it 
isn't a pessimist   she is a depressed optimist!
"hates how just seeing him makes me smile, chuckle, and feel guilty "
wishes her heart and head could agree on something
"listened to her head, not her heart, and doesn't regret it "
is terrified of storms and will not sleep tonight 
"baseball, baseball, baseball, baseball, baseball, that's all i ever hear my family say, watch, or play   please make it go away"
is going to tie-dye beach towels!
my gloves broke while tie-dying   i now have very colorful hands 
now has enough tie-dyed shirts to wear one every day of the week   people shouldn't leave me home alone and bored  i'll tie-dye the whole house 
loves how much she's managed to change over one school year 
"smile and nod, it's the best you can do "
"can't decide on purple, blue, pink, or all three   help!"
"is feeling slightly better   not really, but who cares? i made cookies!"
feels bad about upsetting her friends  sad 
can't stop coughing  she feels all sick 
has a feeling she'll have to study for her exams at the doctor's office    sad 
is writing a script for her story   yay!
why am i studying for spanish when i'm dropping it next year?
just got the new vladimir <propmale> book! yes!
asked chacha for adivce on a name that went well with <propmale> and it told her to hula 5 times to the left then to the right and the answer would appear   
got eaten by codzilla 
followed the crabs that led her to 477 sand dollars   
the game
is back home
"i took a <propmale>, i took a shot  and you might think i'm bulletproof but i'm not  you took a swing, i took it hard, and down here from the ground, i see who you are "
doesn't want to go to pe!
"is waiting for her brother and father to go to bball so she can watch <propfemale> the vampire slayer  god, i'm so addicted"
"<propfirst> just turned to me and said \you only see like ten werewolves a year  you know? because of there only being like ten full moons a year \"""""
is wishing she never met him 
"i take a step back, let you go  i told you i'm not bulletproof  now you know"
is excited for tae kwon do tomorrow! she hopes she will learn the third form   though she thinks it's gonna be complicated 
finds the health class online is really weird 
"and though it's truth you find, it's innocence you lose"
possibly getting a hair cut  any suggestions?
why can't the pain go away?
there will always be a 'lie' in believe  an 'over' in lover  and an 'end' in friends 
do i have to go to summer school tomorrow? i don't feel like going through the mental and physical pain   
cant decide which leg hurts more and needs ice first   
the itsy bitsy spider likes to kill people in it's sleep  then it takes the bodies and feeds them to the baby itsy bitsy spiders  (bad nightmare)
"got a punching bag! i hurt myself using it, but i hurt my dad too, so it's all good!"
the world hates me 
who thinks my dad should let me get a hermit crab?
r i p my poor camera 
"a days- theatre 1, hon  english 10 (hill), fund of marketing (elson), latin 3 \b days- hon va  us gov't (<propmale>), lit mag, honors chem (novick), honors pre-cal & trig (vipond)"
grrr why don't i have classes with torizle and <propfemale>?
"once upon a time, words never hurt me, change never killed me, love never broke me, fear never shook me and my hopes never faded away   once upon a time"
why do people argue with me? they should just shut up and listen to what i'm saying 
"he wrote more books, he wrote more books, he wrote more books! *happy dance*"
"so close, yet so far away, story of my life   oh well   i hate school, it needs to get better "
i don't know what scares me most  the thought i will fail and make a fool of myself or the thought that maybe i will do as good as everyone says and be stuck 
"i didn't dieeeeeeee! lol nor did i totally fail  go me, go me, go me   gotta do it again tomorrow"
it's too early to be awake!!!!!!!!!! can i go back to sleep?
might possibly have a date to homecoming   yay!
so sleepy   
<propmale> out with little kids today when i really could've been with kids my age   oh   i'm so special 
"dear school, i hate you   just thought you'd want to know "
"when did you get so confusin, latin?"
ranger actually eats pop-tarts  like he came up and bit a huge chunk out of my pop-tart and ran off  bad cat!
"is so excited for homecoming   *sarcasm* well, it'll be fun, but not the highlight of my year  and the spirit week is just   odd "
"really, deca? really? why did i take marketing? i hate this!"
sleepy <propfemale>  can i sleep until friday?
"i refuse, i refuse, i refuse, and i still need shoes, and i'm getting glow in the dark nailpolish!"
is going to a dance where she will she make sure her friends all get to dance and look awesome then will sit and watch and smile   that's the plan 
"i think i've got it all worked out   if people would stop butting in  so the girls have a pair except for c b   okay, i'll find her one at the dance  i lost my <propmale> of asking the uncrush out   who cares anyways   so yeah, i've got the majority happy and giddy and homecoming will be okay now "
"there's no kindness in your eyes  the way you look at me, it's just not right  i can tell what's going on this time there's a stranger in my life "
doesn't feel well and should probably sleep 
"i finally got to go to tae kwon do and there was only one other person in the class for most of it  where was everyone lol? i'm mad at you now, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, but not <propmale>, you showed up  lol i'm hyper and feel better!"
"no school, i got to sleep in, but my throat hurts   grrrr! oh well, i get to do tae kwon do tonight because i don't have play practice  but <propfemale> won't be at class with me *sob* maybe it'll only be two people again  playful "
"when i walk past you i get butterflies, when i look at you i cant look away, and when you talk to me i don't know what to say that's how i know i love you!!  love "
so freaking tired  school is too early   can it start at noon?
"off to tae kwon do, praying it's a good class   meaning i don't get killed or injured "
"i see your name and my heart flutters, then i remember our conversations and how we'll never get together and i yell very bad things at my heart and try to forget you "
doesn't want to go to school tomorrow 
"when i think of all the time i've wasted, i could cry   "
is mad about her grades and the fact that at tae kwon do we are kicking pads not bags and i want to kick a punching bag to relieve my stress so i don't hurt an innocent person!
3 classes of tae kwon do today!!! yay! and a m a c meeting after that   homework after that! i'm gonna have a fun afternoon night  playful 
"i hurt myself in tae kwon do, but i think i'm okay, my knee feels a little bit better now  i'm still going tomorrow though, even if <propfemale> and everyone else isn't "
uccidimi adesso
"i can unbend my knee now! i'm still limping, but it's better  i'll be able to do the monday class, yay!"
i just want to cry everytime i see you 
feels like a little kid with <propfemale> braids in her hair  love 
really wants lemonheads!!!!!
i like it on the counter 
i managed to hit the target wrong in tae kwon do and ended up bleeding   lol go me!
"it bugs me when people say 'oh, do you like me? it seems like you don't like me ' trust me, if i didn't like you, you'd be dead "
would rather go to tae kwon do than coffee house  sad 
really needs a hug
drowning my sorrows in <propfemale> and <propfemale> the vampire slayer   not really helping
why can't you be mine and only mine? i was never good at sharing things   
i missed testing for my green belt because i got sick  i'm so mad and sad and ugh i feel awful  could somebody just kill me? the pain would go away   
?·?•?? ???????? ??•?·?just try?·?•?? ???????? ??•?·?
"?i love talking to you because you always make me smile but lately you make me sad because i just want to scream \notice me!\""?"""
just discovered i left my necklace at tae kwon do in the locker room  ugh! i'm never going to find it 
"like this status and ill 1, tell you something ive learned by looking at your wall, 2, tell you the colour you remind me of, 3, tell you my first memory of you, 4, tell you the animal you remind me of, 5, ask you something ive always wondered about you, 6, tell you my favourite thing about you, 7, give you a weird nickname, 8, challenge you to post this   smile "
is too sleepy to do c-crew for tae kwon do   
is soooooo sore  i'm gonna hurt tomorrow
"keeps whispering to herself \he's out there somewhere\"""""
"my butt hurts from c-crew, heart hurts from you, and my head hurts from math  life is as normal as ever, lol"
i'm supposed to ge out of the past and not look into the future   but i'm very uncomfortable with living in the now 
i will manage to get everything to work this week! probably not   but   i will try!
figured out that it's all pointless and is done caring 
hopes ccrew will magically get cancelled on friday
ow! my toe hurts! no tae kwon do for me today 
it might not matter in ten years but it still hurts right now 
has discovered there are different degrees of goodlooking and everyone fits into one  i'm cute  some of my friends are cute too  some are pretty some are beautiful  it's like everyone has a different style   
i'm about to watch the <propmale> horror picture show   wish me luck 
won't have a shoulder to cry on tomorrow   oh well 
"i made c-crew! i'm so happy! i get to practically live, eat, and breathe martial arts now "
"when you fall the hardest, you find how strong you truly are  i must be pretty strong because i fall all the time and get right back up "
needs something to do on her no school day   
mmmmm i'm cooking pumpkin seeds  they are turning out really nice  aren't you jealous?
my foot was feeling better   then i tripped and hurt myself more
loves cierr to death and thinks shes the coolest smartest most wonderful person on earth!
"i'm sleepy, slightly annoyed, worried, and very cold and probably sickkkk   sounds fun, right?"
i'm babysitting the diablitos   
no one can beat me in <propmale> potter scene it   except spencer   but that was just luck  i think i might just have to have a party to figure out who can beat me  any challengers?
<propfemale> is looking pretty old lately    sad  maybe it's just because <propmale> looks so young 
i really want a <propmale> to breathe  i guess i'll get it for a little bit on friday night 
nobody gets to laugh at me today  i'm dressed up for extra credit in deca  it's not my fault   uggggh
my sore throat got really bad when i got to tae kwon do so i ended up walking home because i felt sick   ugh not fun 
one more day of being insane this week!
? ? ? ?perfect season? ? ? ?
"i bet girlfriend is your song, isn't it, <propfemale>?"
"i don't want to rest for a week!!!!!! but it beats going to the doctor  oh well, i'll just work on flexibility  heading off to college tomorrow   wink "
"it's raining, it's pouring, my head is really hurting  i always get headaches when it rains "
i do not feel well 
maybe the musical wouldn't be too bad   
"i'm thinking i should go to bed before i totally snap at you, have a nervous break down, or faint   night world sweet dreams  playful "
quare non legistis?
if i had a <propmale> potter off next weekend who would be interested in going??? (basically a party at my house  playful )
"why can't i sleep? oh, right, because i fell asleep after dinner and no one bothered to wake me up so now i'm hyper  i blame my brother   "
i saw <propmale> potter today and had my first butterbeer  it was amazing  playful 
hehe only <propmale> my wonderful cousin would tolerate watching avalon high with me   love 
sick today   guess it'll be a <propmale> potter marathon 
i really really hate math  i have no clue what to do   
i was feeling better   now i'm feeling worse  might be another sick day  i hate missing school though   
any advice on how to make cats get along? my hands can't handle more scratches 
twilight is voldemort's fault  if he hadn't ordered for <propmale> to be killed he never would've turned into a sparkling vampire   grrr voldemort
people! go to tropikool smoothie tomorrow from 5-9 and buy something! it's for diversity   
rumor of a remake of <propfemale> the vampire slayer   interesting and scary thought 
"okay, 151 cans after going around half of battlefield  divided between me and cierra=75 cans for my class  meaning i've brought in 79 cans   i need one more to make it even  playful "
i test for my purple belt on friday   i'm terrified!
testing wasn't pretty but i got through it 
"this week is not my week!!!!!!! not allowed to wear eye makeup or contacts, have amazingly hard midterms on friday, and i'm in pain thanks to tae kwon do  and there's tons of other stuff going on   grrrrrrr  why do we even have midterms? take those away and it'd be an almost normal week again "
for my monologue i have to work on big hand motions while i angrily yell at someone   can anyone help me?
belt ceremony today! i get my purple belt!
is watching the wallflower with her kitten roo
i want my normal a day and then a bunch of snow to hit because i can not pass this chemistry exam!
has no idea what to name her <propfemale>
"deca, we've had a love hate relationship for a long time   but i do believe i've never hated you more than this right now  i know all this stuff, why are you making me fill out a packet?"
i'm very excited about my gifts from <propfemale> and the rest of my family  playful  so far today i've transformed two of my shirts thanks to one of my new books  i feel all special   
my new nook will not work because our internet sucks   ugggggh! so i've been reading actual paper   which i'm starting to think is better 
"is looking to buy a new camera  do i have anyone who can help me? i don't need something too fancy, just something that takes pretty good pics and i can <propfemale> around   "
only i can make rainbows look goth
doesn't like her dad being on call  i do not enjoy hearing about all these awful things going on 
"can not yet do three classes of tae kwon do  my legs will not handle it   damn shins  but hey, two full classes is still pretty good "
"looks like an adult, not a goth teenager   thanks deca"
"<propfemale> bott's every flavor beans can be very gross but very tasty  gross = onion, sausage,fish, pepper, pizza, cheese, cranberry apple and gravy  tasty= pear, marshmallow, peach, pink grapefruit, and lemon "
<propmale> ate my hard boiled egg this morning  i'm very upset  what kitten likes eggs?!
my new camera came in!!!!!!! i'm stalking cats with it now  the dog was smart enough to hide   
i might just be coming out of my fog   quite possibly
"i do not look good white, but do want to go tot he white out dance thing  i have a bright blue dress i look good? any opinions on whether wearing the blue dress is okay?"
"dear monday, go to hell! love, <propfemale>"
"oh, good, it's just all a misconception  i'm still an aquarius   "
my kitten tried to follow me to tae kwon do today   
is making a mask   more like failing 
dyeing my hair do not disturb 
i look adorable in my whiteout outfit!
so   sleepy
i do not feel good at all 
going to school even though i feels icky 
i don't know what i want 
my mind stays on player agent stuff for only so long  baseball sucks!
no school on my birthday!
so yesterday i went sledding and all i could think about was you   
last night was really fun  smile 
i'd really rather not have school   
"i am not a girl who can ever be defined, sorry"
so this summer i might get to shadow my vet  i'm very very excited 
e playful erimenting with my hair   could be ugly tomorrow
"<propfirst> told me to write a poem  i do not like poems  i can't write poems  i ended up with this thing called mirror, mirror, and idk what it is or how to make it a poem or what the hell it could also turn into  guess litmag will be fun tomorrow   "
"i recreated my mom's ustma shirt  it still needs work, but hey i'm wearing it tomorrow  i've just gotta keep a sweatshirt over it  love "
everyone dies but not everyone lives 
i was at tae kwon do for five hours  go me  playful 
lalalalalalalala i'm loving life  love 
latin was interesting today  playful 
"all my life i've been good, but now i'm thinking \what the hell?\""  love  you better watch out """
i hate acne
i feel like such a girl for saying this but   i just bought tons of makeup  playful  go e l f
i tried to smuggle my kitten to school in my bookbag  it didn't work 
is in a good mood
i made cupcakes for latin class   
is very proud of herself lol 
"hahaha, c-crew with mouth guards is awesome! (sarcasm)"
never again!
so dried apricots are yummy   dried mango not as much 
"to wake me up this morning <propmale> jumped onto my bed  he rubbed his head against my cheek and let out a pathetic little mew  i opened one eye, glared at him, and said go away  he mewed again and i reached out to pet him  then <propmale> proceeded to fiercely attack my poor arm with his claws and kitten teeth  i am not happy "
my room is a mess  sad 
pretty eyes  love 
<propmale> gets snipped today  poor thing has no idea   
i'm so tired  can't i skip tae kwon do?
sleeping on the floor isn't fun 
"dad- <propfemale>, it's <propfemale>, right?\me- no, father it's <propfemale>  \why can't he spell my name?????"
i'm freezing! i'm wrapped in two blankets and still cold 
what's the rumor mill turning out now guys?
i'm terrified but loving it all at the same time lol  go life 
i lost my phone underneath a mountain of clothes  it's screaming for help but i cant help it *sob*
if it makes you happy why the hell are you so sad?
tae kwon do competition is the sixteenth of april  i leave on the seventeenth  i wonder how i will work this out 
why would you allow me to have nail polish??
<propfemale> powers = best person in the world 
i don't reccomend hitting ur knee on your bed   
i can be so mean when i wanna be  i am capable of really anything  i can cut you into pieces   
"life's really depressing when my dad's on call  maybe not depressing, just heavy  i don't like hearing about all these awful things happening close to home  but i love that my daddy's making a difference and helping people  i love you dad   love "
"i want a \kiss me i'm irish\"" shirt  anyone know where to find one?"""
i'm covered in green sparkles   when did this occur?
kiss me i'm <propfemale>   love 
i don't know how i got the bruise on my foot or why my toe on the other foot hurts so badly  all i know is it's annoying 
<propfemale> sushi anyone?
watch out i'm making chicken on a stick 
"i can't tell if i'm sick or if i'm tired  i think i'm both, but mostly sick, because i didn't wanna do tae kwon do today and i always wanna do tae kwon do, even if i'm tired  so i must be sick, but if i'm sick tomorrow and don't go to school litmaggers will go hungry without <propfemale> sushi *gasp* and they might eat the school instead   "
i miss you  i shouldn't and there's no reason to but i do miss you 
i might just go see music man tonight and sunday   hm   should i? is it worth seeing twice?
"hm, i think i will be punished tomorrow for staying up so late "
head contact with <propfirst> mcgarvey was very fun  i hit his headddd  i'm so proud 
if <propfemale> wasn't so annoying i would love gone with the wind 
life  love 
i  do  not  want  to  write  this  report 
today is weird
if you can tell a woman by her hands you must be able to tell a martial artist by their feet  playful 
if i didn't have math today i'd be staying home sick  grr 
"wanna know a secret? i bet you do  boy do i have tons of them to tell also  my secrets, your secrets, their secrets, but i'm not going to tell them  not until you earn my trust and pass the test and no one has ever passed the test  hehehehe (ramblings of a mad sick person)"
i hate being sick  hate it  hate it  hate it  i have a competition i need to practice for and be healthy for  grrrr 
no making fun of my voice 
tae kwon do competition tomorrow!!!!!!!!
big decision  i must makeup my mind within the hour   
is becoming more and more miserable  go away disease 
