35ae07643eb108f474378954b8974009
under the weather
a lot of homework that i waited until the last minute to do  typical 
"sun burrrrnnt, beached out, afternoon naptime now, wooo love being a bum "
i'm still holding onto little boxes on the hillside 
android conundrum
funky buddha love tonight
"publix subs, mmm"
got a job wooooooooooo!!!
is up early   
"craaazy night  good friends, what would i do with out them"
"mmm, burgers  lazy sundays i love you"
i hate when my cell phone dies mid-call but then takes at least 5 minutes to 'charge' before i can make a call  bberry fail 
"nap, dreams"
rollin with the best tonight
mstrkrft at liv
sleep for days
is feeling blue 
4th of july is officially a new favorite holiday  so much fun today night!
wooo! lovin her new job!
"artwalk in miami tonight, then culture room for a show    and then partying in ft laudy afterwards    join in on the fun!"
beachhhin it 
"what a weekend     getting some sleep, finally  goodnight "
goood morning! today is gonna be a productive day   
thinks it's ridiculous that cat power tickets are $25  we be in a recession y'all 
"oww, fml"
"put me in your blue skies, or put in me in your grey    there's got to be some way "
nice night for a walk around the neighborhood 
goodbye spring harbor
judgment day    accounting 2 exam tonight
saw funny people tonight and really liked it 
just had a moment    saw something i can't unsee 
goood morning! fridays are awesome
the mailman brings love from far away and suddenly today is the best day
"the little things, you learn to appreciate them "
crushin' hard
met her match
excited for tonight!!
i'm on a boat
it's so hot i forget to breathe
squeeeal;; mini getaway this weekend
on my a game tonight    i got this 
mmm <propfemale> good
has a break from noon til two    lets meet up!
all this death must need a counterweight
work at abercrombie&fitch until 3  then artwalk later tonight 
"miami tonight, artwalk & festivities"
"skream & benga tonight at white room, so excited!!"
bored to death looks promising   come onnnn 930 
"beach dayyyy, hope it doesn't rain"
it's a new year for asian student union (asu) at fau 
what's going on tonight this weekend?
zombieland was so badass 
"gardens mall today, then miami tonight"
artwalk!!
lazy sundays are the best
"thriving on constant change, feeling alive today!!"
what's good tonight?
"boardriders tonight, come out!"
"three exams next week, studying all weekend   "
perfect weather tonight
sunday night tv
there is such thing as too much coffee     !!!
"some bitches be hatin and tryna sabotage me, well it aint gonna happen on my watch! hate all you want ho, you aint bringin me down!"
exams in the a m     cannot wait to sleep in this weekend 
"rain, hookah, wine, & friends tellin stories on the patio  happy thursday"
what's going on tonight this weekend?
homecoming tonight    my first ever 
"<propmale> show in ftl today, hope it doesnt rain"
had a great day today!
"never been busier, or happier, or felt more alive!!"
tailgating!!
had a great time last night  smile 
curb so good tonight! <propfirst> <propfirst> an asshole and a swan killer
turning 21 in a few days    can't wait!!
successssssss!
"thank you, thank you all for the birthday wishes! to all of my friends, there will be a little celebration at yokohama tonight at 8    you are invited! come have some drinks with me  we are going out afterwards as well so lemme know if you're gonna show      laugh "
had such a great time last night! totally and completely <propmale> over today         21st birthday successful
enjoying a sunday buzz    before it's ruined by all the homework i must do 
midnight mcdonalds run       
has a lot to look forward to!
sunday zen
so jealous    wishin i was at cudi & santigold tonight 
woooo payday hell yea
wants to do something fun tonight!
two more chapters to go and it's already 2am   i can't wait until winter break!!!
woooooo super happy
"almost done, not giving up     only two more weeks!!"
"last  asu - asian student union meeting of the semester today  5pm in sago palm  we have cupcakes, you know you wanna"
<propmale> basel weekend!
2012    you best believe i'll be on that boat so who's coming with me
had an amazing time with the crew tonight at <propmale> basel    lost track of space&time    another dimension   
has really good friends  smile 
done with school !!!!!! hellloo good times   
goin to the christmas parade and trying to get a group of people together
"come join headstrong media group at the broward county & south florida business to business e playful o today  2400 civic center place, miramar, fl 33025  4p-9p  better marketing starts here "
had a blast last night    can't wait for tonights party!
"best night ever,  love  asu - asian student union"
"chick flicks and ice cream in my pjs, i love sundays"
"i got stars in my beard and i feel a little weird for you, oh take me"
"perfect day for the beach, come chill"
earth wind and fire    say do you remember? dancing in september    never was a cloudy day
moving on!
ch ch changes!
"very productive day, getting things done in 2010"
late night movie    had a good time tonight 
had a great time tonight!
hello spring semester   
earthquake in haiti    polar shift is happening   
i need help creating a logo    someone please help me!!
wants to go see book of <propmale> tonight   
i need a job
shawty's like a <propfemale> in my head   
i dont have time for cat-and-mouse games 
at the library
just got home   what a long day
first meeting of spring 2010
at the library doing hw        gonna be a late night
midnight mcdonald's run
wooo! it's friday! helloo weekend    
"great night, great company          now zzzzz"
craving some chipotle   
indian food   
just now tuning into lost season premier   someone pleeeease fill me in on what happened up until now      
great season premier of lost tonight    can't wait for next weeks episode     lost watching party anybody?
yawn 
"excited for tonight, <propfirst> mcinnis's 21st birthday!! congrats girl   we are going to party it up tonight   muahh  love "
"wow, what a night "
loves the new facebook homepage!
desperately needs a weekend job         
i hope you realize that your time is ticking   
please rsvp !!! lunar new year festival
happy new year everybody!!
going home tomorrow     gonna miss the snow    but cant wait for a <propfemale> day at the beach!!
happy  smile 
i wish the only thing i have to do today is enjoy the gorgeous weather 
two massive earthquakes just happened today: 7 0 on japan coast and 8 8 in chile just hours ago  casualties unknown due to power outage  scientists are predicting huge tsunamis soon
wtf is going on with the weather
fantastic night with the bff  love 
international business midterm in 10 minutes      
finally spring break is here    hellooo good times!
amazing night !!
gotta take advantage of this b-e-a-utiful day outside
you're just a politician trying to save both your faces 
rollerskating tonight old school style!! intoxisk8 at goldcoast at 9pm    everybody should come out! (there is a bar there too)
everybody should use turbo tax
it's a <propfemale> jones kind of day
i work with avid <propfemale> <propfirst> fans            awesome
off work early     wanna go to the beach     someone come with me!!
today was the worst day ever    murphys law kicked my butt
sundays are for getting your shit together bc the whole weekend you were doing nothing
needs help in illustrator!!! any one have 10 minutes to spare?
i reeeallly dont give a fuck anymore
woke up with a fever    with a full day of work ahead and an accounting exam at 5 smile 0 
i  love  direct tv
cooking lessons and life talks with mom    i love sundays  love 
you pretend to be my friend but i really know what you're up to    better watch your back  girl 
last class of the day 7-10    wednesdays are so long      blah
bombay cafe for lunch   
omg i cant wait for dayglow with my crew!!! gonna be so much fun  laugh 
it's friday! whats goin on this weekend
fantastic weekend     now back to studying 
fresh squeezed orange juice and cooking with mom  love 
"fantastic night with the asu - asian student union crew at banquet and yokohama, had a great time last night!  laugh "
today was a long day   
loooves my new job!
can't wait for tonight      muahahahahh  laugh   love 
"qmb all day, time for some fun"
sunday night tv
"i can see clearly now, the rain is gone"
taking the day off work to study for my last exam     by the pool with a beer  living the good life!  smile 
so     who's celebrating cinco de mayo tonight?!
"do what comes naturally, i dont care i just wanna be free"
omgggg asssiannnnsssss asu game night everybodaays drunkk
<propfemale>'s chicken heaven for lunch    now i have the itis   
fake it til you make it
i hate my life monday through wednesday 
"firday pay day!! got off work early, off to the beach and then the mall     woo!"
opa!!
i had the best weekend ever with my boyfriend and friends!!!
cuban cafe for lunch    ay carrramba
who needs a job? (must like paperwork   )
everything looks perfect from far away--but it's not 
i need a green scantron!! test in 1 hour    
some think that it’s holding on that makes one strong; sometimes it’s letting go 
i need someone handy to help me put up some shelves in my room
"burgers, chicken wings, and beer in the backyard"
looking for someone who can type fast to do data entry    start immediately   msg or call me
craving some sweets
sugar overload
i really want the new iphone 4
it's hard to make the good things last 
where can i go to get some good korean food??
"the worst part is over, now onto brighter days"
it's friiiiday finally
the future is back! excited for the new futurama premier tonight
how do i send a mass text on the iphone??? ps i got a new number
i love the t pain app!
sometimes you get so caught up in one thing that you forget about all the other interesting things in life!
seriously craving chipotle right now     it's been a month
had a wonderful weekend!
these huge swarms of gnats are ridiculous! and annoying
davie campus library closes at 10?! wtf why so early
just got back from yoga class at fau    feeling energized and balanced!
hsbc has the highest apy for savings accounts    everybody should get one
orajel is amazing   except it only lasts for 5 minutes 
looking forward to this weekend
somehow $160 cash just disappears from my wallet     great way to start the weekend
"the cleaning ladies are here, and they are like the scubbing bubbles"
omg i love cuban coffay
"would like to meet a water sign with an air sign <propfemale>      sigh, is that too much to ask universe?"
"sometimes i forget but tonight, i'm reminded that i'm young and i love to be young  i'm free and i love to be free  to live my life the way i want, to say and do whatever i please!"
i got a raise!!!! woooohooo i love my job
wow what a day     and it's not even noon yet  smile 
i just hopped on the e playful ress train to creepsville 
is done with summer classes    finally!
got the best deal on a pair of prada prescription frames and lenses at looking sharp in boca     75% off of mall and lenacrafters price!!
has been playing risk on the iphone for the last 2 hours      
left my phone at home today       
lost my id and cant go out                        
interpol on saturday at the filmore     
drivin a <propfemale>!!!
"bass    dubstep at boardriders tonight, come if you wanna dance"
wants to see the last exorcism tonight
jelly donut and coffee coolatta w an extra shot    the only way i can get through operations mgmt tonight  gotta love those night classes
drunkkkk
excellent just excelllllennnttt
"dear iphone, please stop spellchecking all of my rude words into nice words  you piece of shut  can't  \\sincerely, every iphone user"
reggae show at pickle    phone is gonna die goodnight fcebook
chill day at work   can't wait for weeds tonight   
any <propmale> fans going to see him play oct 6?
totally crushin'
doing homework on a saturday night    this is a new thing for me 
"\i would like to one day have the luxury of taking a year long sabbatical \"""""
ordering vietnamese food for the whole office today   it's gonna be a feast 
four lokos     the night has already started    excellent
loveeeee ladies night
"can't wait to see hakubun komatsu tonight to say our temporary goodbyes  i will miss you, your impeccable taste in music, your stifler ways, and your japanese accent  this is not the end my friend "
attention everyone who has my number in their phone: text me so that i can save yours in mine 
saw triple feature on syfy     gotta love doin nothin' on saturdays 
one crisis at a time
lets make like shepherds and get the flock out of here
dont rock the boat  light the bitch on fire then swim like hell 
cleaning out my closet
kik: lushuz
thanks for the birthday wishes    keep em coming  wink  see you guys tonight!
had an amazing time last night!!
great migrations on natl geographic
i  love  you miami
cash is <propmale>
lovin my new macbook!!
peppermint mocha season is here
just registered for spring classes     can't wait to graduate!!!
<propmale> potter was so good  i can't believe it's gonna be another year until the last movie comes out 
god is peeking through the blinds   and we're all here standing naked taking guesses at the actual date and time 
the trees here are on fire
free wifi and xm radio on the flight back home    sweet
"business in the front, party in the back"
digging the new profile layout!
my jackets so thin i might as well not be wearing a jacket
extra whip cream
the best gift ideas    always come from skymall
venti caramel brulée    so freakin delicious
fuck work    mimosas on the beach
"best company party, ever"
en route to new orleans 
i can't wait for 2011   
home sweet home
ugh there's always a long ass line at chipotle
it's friday!!! wooohoooo
"is the last person to catch on to <propmale>, but dammit it is so good "
i need to bring my study habits back from the dead
"everyone stop freaking out  your sign hasn't changed, it doesnt affect anyone born before 2009 "
passport can't come soon enough    
"app store, you're killing my bank account "
had a great time tonight
is there such thing as a great tasting protein bar?
does any one know what time the south florida fair closes?
sometimes life takes you by surprise  love 
looking for a web designer developer to hire for a gig in boca  simple websites and driving traffic  msg me
"nice quiet tet tonight, spent quality time with the fam & got my phone back w a side of lobster  have a feeling this is gonna be a great year  smile "
i fucking love my life
"en route to key west with the company, can't wait to get there"
"feeling totally rested even though i get an average 5 hours sleep a night      sleep cycle app really works  try it, my sleep deprived friends "
ugh does anyone want to go to get food with me after class??
baby baby baby oooh
sleeping in on fridays
well hello full <propfemale>
got the 2 smile 0 feeling
i'm fired up and about to wreck your shit
spring break can't come soon enough
"eh, whatever"
can't stand iphone autocorrect typos anymore!! missing the satisfaction of banging out an email or text message with a real keyboard     any suggestions for a different phone??
<propfemale> paltrow should never sing in public ever again 
i love slow jamz
gas prices making all you turtles drive even slower today   hurry up ppl!!!
"you should be honored by my lateness, that i would even show up to this fake shit"
waka flaka flame    is fucking retarded
www livethesheendream com
almost missed my flight - en route to the bahamas!!!!
betchin'
yeezy taught me
en route to atlanta    left my wallet back in gainesville   fuuuhhhhhh
"finally home after a whirlwind spring break    first in the bahamas with <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propmale> oria & tommer berg  island life ftw  then road trip to atlanta with cuong kamikaze, nikola najdovski, & <propfirst> torsiello  shout out to our gracious host in atlanta <propfirst> lo  amazing time and great memories!!"
"chaos at work two days in a row    after the smoke clears i'm the last one standing, it's a miracle"
i need a haircut 
coffee maker-extraordinaire at dunkin donuts gave me an extra shot and some munchkins    for free!
got to my car just in time and avoided a parking ticket 
damage control
no sleep til     my case study is done 
"front porch in the thunderstorm  controlled chaos, confused energy "
ch-ch-ch-changes
sat down next to a bad ass chick who rides a gsxr 600
cant wait to own this semester already
