61fb5fb0a8070a3384276574756e40c9
"chilling in charleston, finally!!!!"
just living through the days
just relaxing after a fun time of learning how to ride a motorcycle
looking forward to hanging with my mom
working on being prepared for college
i get wait to be 18 on monday!!!!!
i'm finally 18!!!!
going to go play frisbee with friends it's been a while
just hanging out at home    being bored
is hoping for some fun tonight
had the most fun i've had in a long time    with friends  smile 
is wishing the best for my mom in kuwait
is in alabama enjoying family  smile 
back from alabama and ready to start working on the house
is excited for june 15-18  smile 
is excited for july 15-18  smile 
has a lot to do today    
"got my ap test scores    passed english lit, english <propfemale>, stats, and calc ab    almost passed calc bc but at least i passed calc ab  smile "
getting ready to go play some ulitamate frisbee!!
just being bored at home    
has had a very frustrating day and hopes frisbee can relieve some of the stress
is having a nice and relaxing day
is super pissed      i lost my phone and can't find it anywhere!!!!!!!!!
found my phone   beaten up but i'm able to call ppl on my old one       also working on cleaning my house for company tomorrow
is hanging with kaitlin     partying at my house
chillin at home
"i'm preparing myself for college   getting lessons with my music, getting school supplies, things for the apartment, and talking with my roommates    i'm excited"
just hanging out at home on my new computer!!!!!!
has one more day left in town before i move in to my apartment at clemson
is enjoying band camp    and surviving through the heat
"just waiting for school to start, and doing band camp"
just a few more days till first day of class   monday
is enjoying my first day of class
hopes i can survive tons of homework
i have 9 days till i leave for d-con!!!!
only 8 days till d-con
5 days till dragon con!!
3 days till d-con
i'm at dragon con from friday-monday     having a blast
"is back from home, and had an awesome time at d-con    sooo much fun"
"working on physics homework with friends, then hiking with <propmale>"
"working on english and physics, got a physics test tomorrow  annoyed "
"took my physics test, i think i did ok, i'll be working on it later tonight to see how i did    thanks for wishing me good luck   mom  playful "
working hard at school can be tiring
yay it's friday    finally!!!
working on homework instead of enjoying my sunday
"grrr   my car messed up again, but that's my fault for leaving the lights on     be quite <propfirst> <propmale> ry  playful "
trying to study for my first english test tomrrow     hope i do well
working on econ  paper and studying for history test
is stressing about clemson being so tight about who they accept into their architecture program   there's nothing i can do if i can't do that <propmale>
"just trying to pass the time, and not be bored"
fml my car is fucking up again     shut up <propfirst>
"update on the car, the only thing wrong with it was the fan being loose and somewhat busted    so it's not a huge problem, and kinda the mechanics fault     so ha in your face jerry    my car still lives to tell its tale  playful "
"yay my car is fixed, only cost $20, so ha      it still lives on  smile "
"just got's lots to do tonight, read for english, start working on my english project due on tuesday, study for physics, study for music, and physics lab     i'm totally not getting sleep tonight"
i'm having an awesome day   and don't think anything can bring me down  smile 
"had an awesome day at <propfirst> falls with <propmale>, got some amazing pics too  smile "
"working on an english project, then going to jimbo's for dinner  smile "
trying to figure out what to do about my fall break situation
trying to register for spring semester classes
"working on my speculation paper for english, and reading for english "
finally is going to go shopping for food
"had a wonderful night last night, and hopes the rest of the weekend is awesome as well"
is having an awesome time the this fort hatma-ta sleep over!!!!!
"just chilling, waiting for band to start, then physics homework, and english homework, and study for history, going to be a busy night"
"has one more class for the day, and is concerned for my mom"
someone is making me feel bumed out
"is having a somewhat better day, just have a lot to do for tomorrow   and is trying to look forward to fall break"
yay!!!! finally done with my econ paper    now for a few hours of sleep and to get the school day over with so i can start fall break!!!!!!
finally home!!!!!!! now time for the fun to begin  smile 
had an awesome time at scarowinds last night   no i have homework and band to do today    on fall break no less  sad 
"working on my history paper, and studying for my english test"
totally excited for tigerrama tonight      yeah      can't wait till tomorrow  smile 
having a relaxing day     totally don't want to go to band
has had a good day and is looking forward to the informational for kapa kapa psi tonight
has had a good day and is looking forward to the informational for kappa kappa psi tonight
i'm done with class and just waiting for band to start   then grocery shopping!!!
"finally it's friday  smile  i'm so excited for the fun i'm going to have this evening, and not having to wake up really early for a football game  smile "
"really hates physics right now, and feels depressed"
physics is finished    and i'm feeling a lot better    no more depression for me    thanks to all my friends who helped me feel better  laugh 
"today has been a good day   got tons of things out of the way for school, and i'm look forward to a relaxing evening   for once  smile "
"enjoyed dinner with <propmale> evens, and watching up with my roommates was fun    today is a good day  smile "
"enjoyed dinner with <propmale> evans, and watching up with my roommates was fun    today is a good day"
i'm totally excited for leaving for the nc state game tomorrow!!!!
i'm leaving for nc state today      tigers are going to kick some ass tomorrow!!!!
woohoo!!!!! clemson beat nc state 43-23 and i was seen on tv several times!!!!!
working on my lovely english research paper       sad 
"still working on my english paper, but going strong     and a win for the frisbee playoff game would be great!"
i'm totally done with physics    now working on english homework    a joyess night it has become    
yay   my english paper got moved to tuesday 24    but still going to get it done  smile 
totally ready for thanksgiving   but still got class so i'm off for band  sad 
"yay!!! finally finished physics homework    now to do everything else like 2 papers due monday, a test on monday, test on tuesday, paper due tuesday, and a concert on monday, football game saturday      sigh tons to do this week and next"
"working on paper and will be going ot see the 3 am showing of \new moon\""!!!!"""
"have tons to do this weekend, but i'm going to push it through and make it to thanksgiving break!!!"
we're going to tampa for the bowl game!!!!! totally don't want to focus on my homework cause of such an exciting day
i think i'm going to kill myself by all the work i'm having to do that's due tomorrow and tuesday!!!!!!!
"a weight has been lifted from my shoulders!!!!! i turned in my econ paper and test, and wrote my history paper today-5 pages long in an hour and a half   that's skill right there-and totally aced my history test as well now to look forward to writing a conclusion for my english paper, and studying for an easy physics test tomorrow"
i'm almost done with school work     just have to write the conclusion to my english paper and revise it and i'm done until school starts up again
yay i'm done with my english paper and everything else i had to do for school     break here i come!!!!!!
i'm home in aiken and enjoying the presence of my family that i haven't seen in forever
"i'm back at clemson, just trying to find stuff to do    and totally dont want to go to class tomorrow"
is having sooo much fun on the first day back to school       sooo can't wait for later in the week for band banquet and the trip to tampa!!!!!
"watching gladiator with <propmale>, then bed  smile     its been a good day"
i'm so sick and tired of all this rain!!! i'm just looking forward to getting my english test over with tomorrow and having a great time at the band banquet with <propmale>
crumbling down below my feet the ground just starts to disappear as the world around me just gets darker and darker  not knowing what to do next as i'm frozen in fear and lonelyness  what should i do in this world 
"had a good evening at the band banquet, and i'm very excited to leave for tampa tomorrow!!!! it's going to be awesome!!!!"
"made it safely to tampa, just wish it wasn't constantly raining, and the flight was ok, got a sick feeling on the way down to landing, but i'm all good now, we're going to kick ass tomorrow!!!"
"home from the tampa trip, enjoyed the weekend evern though we lost, now time to study for exams  sad "
"time to study for exams, i hope i do well, then christmas break, i hope i enjoy being at the beach with my family         and i hope other things going on in my life work out ok as well"
i just feel like everything's hopeless
"i'm so sick of school right now, i'm done taking exams, but i still have one essay to write for my english class, which is half of my final exam      why must i keep having <propfemale> much stuff to do!!!!!"
tonights the worst night ever!!!!!
finally exams are over and i'm excited about christmas with my family at the beach!!! then nashville with the band is going to be awesome!!!!
guys are wayyyyy to complicated   lets try the other team   
"omg, someone hacked into my facebook to change my status    and said i was basically going gay    they are <propfemale> stupid, i'm not gay    just trying to have a good christmas break"
"so, christmas break is going good, just relaxing and reading my book   can't wait to see family in florida and then kick some ass at the bowl game"
i'm excited   got a 3 471 for the semester  smile 
i'm here in alabama visiting my family for christmas  smile 
"i'm just waiting and hoping that i'll get a responce soon, cause it's killing me to wait and not find one "
"i'm going christmas shoping with my grandmother, lindsey    sooo much fun"
"safe and sound at home, now just waiting to go back to clemson in the next few days to go to the bowl game in nashville"
"i'm back in clemson, and i leave for nashville tomorrow    i hope we kick some ass!!!"
"yay, clemson won in the music city bowl!!!!!"
"fresh start of a new year, hope it's better than last year   cause last year was rough"
"back in aiken for the week, but counting down the days when i go back to charleston this weekend  smile "
heading out to charleston for the weekend with kt to visit <propfirst>  smile 
"fml!!!!! i totally had an amazing weekend, and then on the way back to clemson my car broke down 3 hours away from clemson with no one really close by to get me     so my car is in orangeburg and i got back at a super late hour and i've got class in the morning   great way to start off a semester"
"first day of class was   ok, can't wait for band tomorrow"
"i\m excited for this weekend and seeing <propfirst>!!!!!!"""
going to enjoy a lovely evening with <propfirst>  smile 
"back from charleston, and it was an amazing weekend, now back to classes and miss <propfirst> all over again"
"concerned for my brother, i hope he's doing ok and will make it through"
"im haveway done with my week, i'm looking forward to going home to see my brother this weekend"
"im half way done with my week, i'm looking forward to going home to see my brother this weekend"
"it's friday!!!! i'm going home to see my family and let <propfirst> strickland meet all of my family, including grandparents"
i head back to clemson today with <propfirst> strickland after hanging with my family
"school's back in motion for me, was totally glad i didn't have my technology and society class this morning, cause i was going to miss is anyways  laugh "
"going to a kkp meeting tonight, then writing my psychology paper"
looking forward to hanging with  <propmale> hanson and <propfirst> muse tonight  smile 
"i'm not looking forward to going to redfern for a 3rd time, they better fix my problem or i'm going to be soooo pissed, also i hope i do really well on the national test for kkpsi"
"i can't wait for friday!!!! this weekend is going to be the best weekend, and i'm going to be spending it with my friends  smile "
"shopping with <propfemale> welch and <propfirst> strickland, then party at <propmale> hanson  smile "
"i'm trying to enjoy my day after an awful night     doesn't help when i'm not feeling well, but i'm going to stay strong for the dinner tonight"
had the best <propfirst>'s day ever!!!!! now back to school  sad 
"everything is just compiling on top of me, things are just getting stressful   i can't wait till spring break, i need a break"
"weekend is almost here, i've got one day of school and then i'll be getting my car    i'm sooo excited!!!"
"yay!!! i'm done with school for the day  just time waiting between getting my car, seeing <propfirst> strickland, and studying my butt off for kkpsi"
"i have a new car, thanks to <propfirst> bracewell  now to just be ready for tomorrow's drive, and studying for kkpsi"
"time to focus, this will be hell week, but i'm determined to succeed!!"
"i love feel like a kid again by listening and singing to all the old disney movie songs, like lion <propmale>, jungle book, aladdin, arsitocrates, and many other disney classics  laugh "
had an interesting time at retreat  now to focus on my speech that i have to finish tonight!!! i'm hoping it will be good 
"yay, didn't have to do speech today, and i've got it all done, so i'm pretty my set now with my stress level being doable"
"just relaxing out this week, which i needed a lot!"
"love looking at the memories with my brother, <propfirst> <propmale>,   all the good ones and bad ones, and comparing our different viewpoints lol"
has had an enjoyable week and i'm excited for the weekend  smile 
"weekend was fun, frisbee, finishing a project for kkpsi, and going home   packing half my room up and seeing all the memories  can't wait to do it again next weekend"
"totally won my frisbee game today, and enjoyed a not so stressful day as well  smile "
"i'm sooo excited about spring break with <propmale> hanson, <propfirst> muse, and <propfirst> strickland, it's going to be a blast  smile "
"been having an interesting spring break with <propmale> hanson, <propfirst> muse, and <propfirst> strickland"
"back in clemson, had a very relaxing and fun spring break   now back to the books"
"yay    i'm already having stress put on my shoulders after spring break, so much for relaxation"
"the weather outside is beautiful, days like this make me feel good all around and have the same glow as the sun"
"sometimes i wonder if the people around me notice when i'm not acting fully like myself, in a down kinda way    "
"enjoyed my weekend, seeing friends from dragon con, and visiting the puppies i helped deliever as well as visiting <propfemale> <propfemale> rasar"
"had an awesome day today, went rock climbing with <propfirst> <propfirst> and had the best time!!!"
today was an ok day   just really enjoyed the weather
"enjoyed a beautiful day of tanning by the pool with kt zanzoun, and observing the stars for astronomy lab"
"totally kicked butt on my last kkpsi test, enjoyed skipping school, and look forward to my amazing weekend  smile "
"had the best time at 6 flags today!!!!! i'm a little burned, but that's how i wanted it, now i'll be just a little more <propmale> in a couple of days   go me  smile  hope you feel better babe, i don't like that you're sick and i'm not there to help take care of you, i love you!"
"is enjoying a good day, nothing has gone wrong yet  smile  lets hope it keeps going like this"
"today is going to be fun, and i can't wait to receive something in the mail tomorrow that's an awesome surprise for <propfirst> strickland"
"yay i got my surprise for <propfirst> strickland today, and he'll see it saturday  smile  and im going to be making paddles with kkpsi tonight  smile "
"on my way home from charleston yet again      i hope my car doesn't break down, since kt zanzoun is with me again     fingers crossed"
"back to school is never fun, but car is fixed now    only test i can do is take kt zanzoun for a ride to charleston again, that's the true test"
"finally going rock climbing tomorrow with kt zanzoun and alexsia kelleas <propfemale>, it's going to be awesome!!!"
"so, i'm doing a period of reflection for a little while, so if i dont respond or talk to you in a couple days or so, that's why   i'll let you know when i can talk again, until then    mums the word"
sooo i can talk now   i am now an official brother of kkpsi  smile 
i'm just ready for school to be over!
totally missed both classes this morning and didn't wake up till 3pm    i hate being a girl sometimes
"so, on my way back home to help with the unloading of the house     my dad's new apartment is soooo small  sad "
"i'm back in clemson, yay for finals   not! let's hope the next 2 weeks go by smoothly"
i'm totally spending the night in kt zanzoun's dorm  smile  let't just hope my back can take the floor
"going rock climbing again with kt zanzoun, <propfemale> schwerzel, and will clegg  laugh "
contenplating whether i should do this internship at southwestern or not for the summer    hmmmmm
"totally enjoying the relaxation of not having to go to class everyday, and finals arn't too bad this semester, they're all easy"
"well, about to start a good, empty apartment, weekend   first with <propmale> hanson and <propfirst> muse coming over for dinner and movies  smile "
kinda pissed at yahoo and facebook right now  they keep f-ing up with my password where i have to reset my password everytime i want to login
"yay, i've made it to 4 months now with <propfirst> strickland  now to make everything great, make a's on all my exams and finish strong for the semester "
"yay, finished 2 exams today and doing well  only one left tomorrow, astronomy, it should be somewhat easy as well, then    packing yay!!!!! not"
"why is it that when you try so hard and hope the close people around you will do the same, and yet it just never happens   or it takes forever        "
"you know, i'm so glad to be moving out of highpoint    they can just got f*@&# off"
"so i'm all packed at the apartment, now what do i do, all my friends are gone, i don't have a car, and there's never anything on tv, plus i'm tired of doing nothing all day    this sucks, i want to go home now instead of waiting till saturday"
"yay, my grades are finally in!!! i got 4 a's and 2 b's with a gpa of 3 647   combined with last semester of 3 a's and 3 b's and a gpa of 3 471    i total my freshman year with 34 credits, not counting ap credits, and a gpa of 3 559   i feel great  laugh "
"yay, i'm in aiken for the summer, looking for jobs   and i just finished setting my room up at my dad's apartment    i have soooo much shit!"
room is completely unpacked    now just hunting for jobs   there's a very high <propmale> that i won't get one cause i'm only looking for a summer job  annoyed  what to do?
"alright, i have a 50 50 <propmale> of getting another job as an abstractor   i'm crossing my fingers big time, i really want this job"
going to enjoy the pool for the summer today  smile 
i can't breathe!!!!!  sad 
"didn't get the title searching job with will harper, he just doesn't have enough work, but he said if he needed help with his edgefield project that he would consider me   sad  now to keep looking   let's see if <propfemale> in orangeburg had work i can do"
"house looks like people have been living there for a while now, we moved all the boxes and stuff that we weren't using into storage   yay for getting stuff done"
"so, still no job, except babysitting    so i'm completely free if you need someone to babysit your kids, dogs, cats, or even your house    just give me a call"
i'm looking forward to going to my uncle <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>'s <propmale> show this weekend  smile 
"yay for practicing volleyball today and some more next week, i missed it so much"
"sigh, it's a friday night and i've got nothing to do  sad "
"enjoyed an amazing <propmale> show this evening, thanks to <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>, just wish people wouldn't talk down to me cause they think i'm young and can't understand things     i'm an adult and i act like an adult! geez   "
just enjoyed another awesome day of volleyball  smile 
"i really need a massage, i'm so sore from volleyball and i have some pain in my back that wont go away  sad "
i'm so excited to play frisbee with my friends tomorrow  smile 
enjoyed a relaxing day with my best friend <propfemale> casalena
"yay for another day at frisbee   shame it's going to be a while till the next day, eveyone graduating and then senior week    fun      w e"
yay for more rain   
"off riding my bike to see my cat, that lives almost 2 <propmale> or so away from me now   yay for dad having the car instead of me"
"i'm babysitting tonight at 6, can't wait to run around like a kid again, lol"
relaxing after a hard day of frisbee
i wonder what i'll do next   
"today was totally awesome!!! one of the best days i've had since i've been home for the summer, let's hope i have many more days like this"
looking forward to orientation at clemson on wednesday     not!! it's probably going to be annoying
got my schedule and ready to start classes
"had a very relaxing day babysitting for 14 hours and receiving $100, new school clothes   here i come"
"yay, i'm off to clemson to start my awesome birthday event  smile "
thanks for the birthday wishes! and i'm going to have an awesome time at 6 flags wtih <propfemale> schwerzel and cayce wilkinson today!!!  smile 
"had an amazing time with will clegg, playing pool, riding dirt bikes, and going out to dinner  laugh "
looking forward to going back to alabama to visit family again  smile 
plans for this weekend=tons of babysitting
"sigh, i wonder if i'm actually going to enjoy the 4th of july this year     "
looking forward to going to the local drive-in to see the last airbender  smile 
"yay    babysitting yet again, but the last airbender is what i'm looking forward to  smile "
leaving for alabama after signing the papers to sell the house   it's going to be a long drive
"wish i had some signal in enterprise, <propmale>!!!!!!"
happy 4th everyone!!!
"sigh, now what should i do     i'm sooo bored"
"enjoying the world cup, and catching up with friends  smile "
o yeah!!!! spain totally won!!!! now to win the cup  smile 
another fun filled day of frisbee with my friends    just wish it wasn't so damn hott
plans for a saturday night=babysitting      yay!!!!
"watching world cup, then playing frisbee with friends at 6"
"i've got a double scheduled day    babysitting for 5 hours and taking the dogs to the vet, while i'm still babysitting "
another fun filled evening of babysitting    i really need to party with some friends soon or i'm going to go insane!!!!
sigh    sunday needs to come sooner so i can <propfemale> with kt zanzoun
counting down the hours till i see kt zanzoun tomorrow!!!!
"had an amazing time with kt zanzoun, now i'm ready for school   if only she was coming too"
school tuition is a pain to deal with
finally practicing my instrument
looking forward to frisbee   even though it's going to be hott as hell
finally got everything set for paying for school
"what a wonderful day for me, i was woken up by enormous thunder that happened 3 times   then someone banged on my door to tell me my apartment was on fire    now everything we own has tons of water damage   so far no fire damage, but still sucks ass!!!! my life is so awesome right now"
"well, things are going better now  i'm staying at a hotel for the next 3 days   but i'm going to be looking for a place to stay until i leave for clemson on the 11, so anyone willing to let me stay for a day or till i need to leave  just let me know"
just looking forward to clemson now!! 6 days
"last night in the hotel, for the rest of my time   totally staying with <propfemale> <propfemale> wright  smile "
having a blast at <propfemale> <propfemale> wright's house
"one more day in aiken and then i leave for clemson, about time"
moved into clemson and already very tired   i'm afraid the heat is going to get to me even though i'm going to be drinking lots of water
"sigh, band camp is killing my legs  but i now have a roommate and i'm not living alone anymore"
just 2 more days until classes start   i really hope i'm ready
first day tomorrow    hoping it's a good one
school is going fine
so looking forward to my aikido class   it seems to be the best class that i've signed up for this year  smile 
so tired of all the rain!!!
start of a new week and new dreams
yay for aikido tomorrow  smile 
can't wait to see my mom this weekend!!! and have fun at <propfemale> truax birthday party
tomorrow is going to be really interesting
"had an enjoyable day, a little was <propmale>, but over all    awesome and well needed  smile "
just 3 more days till i leave for d-con!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just a few more hours until i leave for dragon con!!!!!
"back from d-con, running on no sleep, still having school on labor day    that's just wrong and weird, and had a pretty cool weekend"
wow!!! i'm still running on no sleep   i can tell cause i keep falling asleep in my classes  sad  not cool
"yay it's friday, means i can sleep some this weekend"
game day!!!! time to win!!!!
"staying up late tonight because i was sick all day, didn't wake up till 5pm so i've got to catch up on the homework that i planned to do during the afternoon "
"made it through a tough day, going to bed early and getting better"
"just jamming it out to music, best way to end a day"
"hands are super rough now because of rock climbing today, they also hurt a little  sad "
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, i already need a break from school, or i wish i could control time so i could get things done, which includes more sleep"
"back from the auburn v  clemson game, not happy with the ref  anyways, going to work on my architecture project"
"got a good portion of my architecture project done, all i have to work on is the sculptures      annoyed "
i f@*$# hate e-portfolio!!!! it's completely stupid
"yay, i had an awesome time at skate night with kkpsi, i felt like a kid again  smile  now if i can only learn to skate backwards"
"last day to work on mapping project, i'm so glad i'm finished with it"
"of course, it starts raining on the day i have to turn in my project      and i don't have an umbrella, today is going to be very wet"
looking forward to lunch today with <propmale> harsany
"enjoyed the first informational for kkpsi, can't wait for game night in a few weeks  smile "
"sooooo, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> lecture and me are totally going to kick this music test in the ass    no more bad grades for me"
yay for no homework and doing creative halloween crafts with <propfemale> howell
"done with the game, now just focusing for <propfirst> <propfemale>'s b-day party  smile "
enjoyed a lovely night with friends again    now back to school work and kkpsi stuff      annoyed 
finishing up my sketches for my e-portfolio and i have a f@&*ing headache while doing it  sad 
waiting for <propfemale> howell to get home so we can go grocery shopping
"totally had an awesome frisbee game tonight!!!! won 6-4 and we're going to the play-offs  we're 3-1, not bad  smile "
not looking forward to finishing this aikido paper and taking the midterm tomorrow  annoyed 
no architecture class tomorrow!!!!! means i can get a couple more hours of sleep  smile 
"just got back from the unc game    total bummer, only thing that made it do-able was playing next to <propmale> 'nacho' stow and texting <propmale> dodd"
totally looking forward to my awesome day tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"had a very enjoyable evening     it's been a while, hope there's more to come"
"i've had a very long day, more than half of my day was like the worst day i've had since school started      but at least by the end of the day i was able to cheer up a little  smile "
"wondering around in the dark, just trying to make it through the day, hoping and wishing that your dream will come true  and all i can do is just wait                    "
enjoyed the game today!!!! raised almost $1000 for kkpsi doing roaming rag!!!!!! go tigers!!!
"had a really really enjoyable dinner, now i have to finish my biosc paper  sad "
"so we lost the first playoff game for frisbee 9-7, but i think it's because there were no subs for this game    so it was rough, but we didn't do that badly     can't wait for the spring season  go \and then it hit me\""!!!!"""
just sketching for my architecture class tomorrow
waiting for questions unanswered to be answered!!!!!!!
"totally loves \hug a band geek day\""!!!!"""
"i have a very busy night tonight  eating dinner with <propmale> 'nacho' stow , then watch clemson's soccer game, then watch <propmale> dodd's rugby game, then walmart, the guitar lessons, then\bed  to get sleep for the football game!!!"
hells yeah!!! clemson beat <propfemale> tech!!!! now to celebrate!!!
going to redfern tomorrow     stomach isn't acting the way it should      hope it's nothing serious
"so yeah    redfern doesn't know what the fuck they're doing     freakin stabbing me with a needle trying to find my vein to take blood from and they don't get any, so they have to prick my finger and try to take enough blood from there to do a test     and i'm healthy all around, except for the pain in my stomach that can't be e playful lained     awesome!!!!! totally going to my doctor in aiken to figure it out"
"\happiness unknown\""\",61fb5fb0a8070a3384276574756e40c9,omg!!!!! i was sooooo close to going to the boston game this weekend  sad  me and keeping responsibilities got the best of me    i'm too much of a good person sometimes 
had a very enjoyable night last night    but it would have been better if someone special was there
happy halloween!!!!
there's a new native american shop in the aiken mall!!!!! totally got awesome earrings there  smile 
have to go back to clemson for school on wednesday  sad 
"hmmm, looking forward to rock climbing tonight, then excited for tomorrow!!"
"khris got earth you\ are sturdy  you can take what the world dishes out and still have a \smile on your face  you are tranquil and calm for the most part, but can\ be fierce when called to action  people tend to be calm around you, and\ trust you easely  you are a good friend and your beli   efes are set like the deeply rooted trees of the <propmale> "
"had an amazing night, couldn't have asked for it to be more perfect  smile "
"busy weekend    model, drawings, chapter with birthday celebration, biosc paper     sigh          but at least clemson won!!!!!!!!!!"
"sooooo apparently i'm stressing too much about a lot of stuff cause my stomach is killing me again, and i've taken my meds to help with it    this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    sad thing is i know what my stress is and how to get rid of some of it     but there are a few things that just wont get off my mind     and i can't act upon them   yet"
it's going to be a lonnnnnnnnnggggg week  crossing fingers on hoping that my stomach doesn't kill me
everything just keeps intensifying around and on me     getting to the point to where i don't know what to do
i'm soooo sore!!!!! wrestling and rock climbing has taken it's tole on me for the day  can't wait for a massage!!!!  smile 
"my day started out so good  like i couldn't stop smiling, so i was optimistic about the rest of my day      i should have known, what comes up must come down  big fml"
"omg!!!!!!! someone is getting arrested outside my apartment right now, and a cop is being taken away in the ambulance     scary stuff since he was right outside my door arguing with the cop"
"on my way to florida for the fsu game, we better win!"
totally had an awesome lunch with my brothers in gamma <propfemale>
"be a long weekend in florida, and i still have a lot of work to do tonight, finish drawings, finish model, take a bioscience test, go to chapter      i'm not going to get sleep tonight  sad "
"back in aiken visiting a sick family member, please keep us in your hearts and pray for us "
"back in clemson, still keeping my thoughts in aiken    it's going to be hard to fully focus on school now "
"going back home this weekend for the funeral, i hope i can focus on my studies until then"
going to attempt to give blood today before aikido  smile  we'll see how that goes
done with school for the week and next week    going home and not coming back till the friday before the usc game
"speech is good to go for monday, now to just work on my project"
"starting to get nervous for tomorrow, and would love to have a drink right about now"
"yay, it's so close to thanksgiving!!! i can't wait for turkey"
just been working on my project during the break  annoyed 
"heading back to clemson sometime today, i'm going to be so bored when i get back "
"back in clemson, almost ready for the gamecock beat down tomorrow!!!"
"may have lost to <propfemale>, but idc, i'm just enjoying my might with friends and other things     we'll see how the rest of the night goes with exams in a week"
my tv just shorted!!!! so now i'm without a tv for the rest of the semester     right at the time that i was going to use it the most
and the 2 weeks of hell begins!!!
i know who the face of boh is!!!!!!
"writing a paper, and then preparing for my aikido final that's tomorrow"
biosc paper was moved to be due on monday and not friday     such a relief!!!!
finishing e-portfolio for architecture tonight and then     maybe go ice skating
fuck yes!!!! done with my e-portfolio for architecture!!  smile 
<propfemale> howell woke me up super early this morning   grrrr    she pulled me out of bed and made me freezing cold!!!! now we're cleaning and making the apartment all christmas-y
"there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so \- \ \ <propfirst> shakespeare, \hamlet\"""""
"studying for french exam and then working on biosc paper, trying to get it done by tomorrow at midnight"
"finally going to finish my biosc paper    have no choice, it's due at midnight, and studying for my biosc test that is tomorrow at 8 am  annoyed "
"finished with paper, now to study and wake up for the 8am exam  annoyed "
last exam tomorrow at 3pm!!!! then leave for aiken around either friday night or saturday   we'll see what happens
done with exams!!!!!! now having to deal with friends leaving for forever cause they're graduating  sad 
today is so far the best day this week    i feel the luckiest person right now!!!! i hope my luck will last all throughout the day and make me the happiest person i can be today!  smile 
back in aiken     going to miss everyone over break
hanging with <propfemale> casalena  today
totally got a keyboard for christmas from my dad!!!!
"sooo not fair, it's snowing in clemson,  as soon as i leave it    just my luck"
"and the boredom of break begins     with nothing to do  sad \if you're in aiken and want to <propfemale>, please text me"
yay for having to go to the doctor tomorrow     annoyed 
i'm looking forward to driving to alabama on friday and visiting family for 10 days
"on my way to alabama for 10 days, it's going to be a blast to see family  smile  but the ride there   i'm going to be stuck with my thoughts that wont go away, they're even in my dreams    what to do what to do, and what do they mean     "
enjoying lovely times at the beach with family
never leave you facebook open  love ya khris 
"back home for only a couple of days, then i got to go back to clemson to leave for the bowl game"
"heading back to clemson, going bowling with <propmale> 'nacho' stow , then leaving for the bowl game in north <propfemale>"
"back in aiken again, until i have to go back to school, text me if you want to <propfemale>"
"ok, so i'm starting to get really tired of people thinking i'm either 12, 13, or 15     so far 5 times this christmas break i've been mistaken for these ages   it's not cool being in college and about to be 20 and people thinking you're 12      stop it!!!!"
"i've had one of the worst lies happen to me just now, and it's really trying on my heart    i dont understand why this always happens to me"
had a very interesting night last night    dealt with some of the most intense pain of my life     
taking new steps in the new year
i'm not making it to clemson tonight because the roads are all icy  sad  sigh    i kinda want school to be delayed now
classes are canceled tomorrow     hell yes!!!
"finally in clemson and enjoying not starting school today, and only having one class tomorrow cause my other 2 were canceled!!"
glad to be back at school
i am totally beat from playing just dance for 4 hours
chillin at <propfemale> <propfemale> croop 's
"yay, homework that i don't want to do  annoyed "
tgif!!!!! looking forward to the weekend
"start of a new week, lets hope it's not too stressful, i'm just too tired for it"
"awesome, i tore up my hands from climbing    drawing for architecture is going to be difficult"
worst day for the semester    car got towed!!!
"so i'm back from alabama doing a climbing comp, i got 2nd in the beginners division, & 3rd for the ccs for women, & a bunch of cool free stuff!!! then when i get back, i get pulled over by a cop because i didn't use a turn signal when i changed lanes (he said i jerked when i changed lanes) probably thought i was coming from some random party;only got a warning, but if i got a ticket there would have been hell to pay"
time to do arch homework and study for my first french test that's tomorrow  annoyed  that i'm probably going to do bad on    i hate learning languages
studying for <propmale> history  annoyed 
"sigh, i hate having to be the bearer of bad news to friends    "
"got bored, so i put up some of my poetry on my notes <propfemale>, check it out and enjoy"
khris is the most beautiful girl i have ever seen  she is amazing and i am realy really really really lucky to be with her  smile 
"i enjoyed last night, best party this semester!"
busy busy busy    i need a break soon!!!
"enjoyed climbing with some candidates for their interviews, now to finish architecture hw"
"yay, my 4th day of climbing in a row, then i get friday off, and then climbing comp in spartanburg!!! and my mom's birthday"
chillin with <propfemale> <propfemale> croop aka croop-a-lop
"just chillin with <propmale> <propmale> for the day, while doing all my architecture homework"
actually got to take a 3 hour nap today!
"sooo, i'm so cool, my kayaking class finally went out in the water today, and i fell trying to get in my boat, and the 2 <propfemale> later i rolled in my kayak and got soaked from head to toe    in freezing water    go me!!!"
fresh start to a new week
"so ready to turn in my final projects tomorrow for architecture, and have a architecture-free weekend  smile "
i want this week to be over so i can get started on the weekend with a wedding and clemson's rock climbing competition
worked everything out with future roommates  smile  excited for next year 
finishing final architect project so i can leave for a wedding tomorrow that's in columbia
"i wish i had the same spring break as <propmale> <propmale>  but no, clemson has to have a super late spring break  annoyed "
symphonic band concert tonight then ice cream with <propfirst> hodge  smile 
i want spring break to be here sooner and last longer than a week
off to <propmale> head for a few days  smile 
"back in town, just have to get my tattoo finished with my tattoo tomorrow then back to school"
back at school  annoyed  just one more month and it's summer!!!!!!
i found two 5-leaf clovers today and two 4-leaf clovers    am i lucky or what? who's ever even heard of a 5-leaf clover?
i'm excited about building my models for my french facade
these lasts few weeks are going to be tough    i hope i don't e playful lode from frustration and stress
"just made it through 2 concerts, concert band and symphonic band    i didn't pass out during symphony no  4 yay!!!"
"for those who didn't already know, after basically 3 years of waiting   i'm finally in the architecture <propmale> at clemson  smile "
"finally done with my final model for architecture for his semester!!!!! now only to practice speech, do drawings, and write a critique  smile "
"me: why are you up so early? (3 smile 0am)\<propfirst> adcock: i could ask you the same thing   \me: i'm an architect <propmale>, there's no need to ask, it's implied "
"i'm done!!! i've turned in my final model and drawings, performed my speech and turned in my outlines and critique     i'm done with hw  just have to take 2 exams to finish it off"
done with my portfolio    now just to print it  smile 
whot!!! i'm done with finals and all my projects for this semester!!!!! now to pack and get ready to go home     for a month lol
f! my life! car basically blew up! and caught on fire  what did i do to deserve this!?
"first day at camp went pretty good, can't wait for it to get warmer"
thanks for all the birthday wishes    today has been the best birthday by far!!!!
survived the first day of camp    hope all the rest are this easy lol
"been at camp for 3 weeks and 2 days, and been with my girls for just over a week, supper stressful, feels like i've been here for forever  but i'm working through my days, just being tired the whole time  looking forward to 6 flags with my bunk on wed  though  smile "
"it's starting to get really difficult here at camp, lots of good friends keep leaving  this is not cool "
just trying to relax for once at camp
days are flying by up here  i look forward to the evenings and the end of camp 
less than a week left of camp!!! so excited  but i am going to miss all my new friends i made at camp  sad 
back at clemson!!!!!!! i've missed you soooo much!!!!
first day of school and i'm already working on a project for arch    and i don't fully understand the project  annoyed  thankfully it's not graded
"a few more hours and i leave for atlanta for dragon con, and then the fun begins!!!!"
"omg!!! dragon con was awesome this year, wish i could have stayed the whole time  i'm still getting over only having 8 hours of sleep for the whole weekend, and eating like no food  but it was worth it!!!!! i miss everyone already "
had an awesome day today rock climbing with <propmale> flathmann! now     studio to work on a project due tomorrow
