9f1f5d4ac01c87decc4802bd7cff6b8f
snow day monday? kinda hoping for one 
avatar was amazing
"just got back from boating with family at long lake, and going to moomer's "
i hate sun burns   
"when one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us     ~helen keller"
grace is sad- cuddles died 
"\there is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will \"" ~epictetus"""
"just got back from canada, so glad to be home! it's been a hard two weeks because of the mission trip and canada back-to-back    but worth the stress "
"is happy, my favorite song is playing on the radio!!"
faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe  it is not enough that a thing be possible for it to be believed         - voltaire
"\there is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will \""   ~~~epictetus"""
"\a heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others \"""""
"\a heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others \"""""
"have you met my friend <propmale>? he's a computer hacker  he helped me erase your myspace <propfemale>, and your band's myspace <propfemale>, and your facebook <propfemale>  happy networking asshole!"
<propfemale> garden for lunch!
dance as though no one is watching  love as though you've never been hurt  sing as though no one can hear you  live as though heaven is on earth  ~~souza
"just got back from the high school    my school picture is better than i thought it would be, which is good i guess   "
"bored, so i'm gonna log off and watch <propfemale> on hulu"
"schedule : 1st hour: env chem a, 2nd hour: geometry b loop, 3rd hour: world history geo b loop, 4th hour: phys  outdoor <propmale>, 5th hour: english 10 b loop, seminar with rosenburg"
changed schedule! yay! now i don't have gym!
"grace is going parasailing today    she's been waiting all summer, so she is pretty excited "
1  looking for a fish tank  2  anyone else invited by people to people? me and <propfemale> both are 
"school!!! and after that horses!! <propfemale>, i am wearing the outfit!! have a good first day everybody!!  smile "
2nd hour lunch anybody?
"a little excited for school tomorrow, wondering if i could have accidentally gotten high at <propfemale>'s and not known it   "
put two good songs from watchmen on my ipod yesterday   
judo this morning 
"next, face painting! busy day!"
really sore from judo yesterday 
horses tomorrow  smile 
i hate homework  it's a waste of my time 
judo tomorrow!
fire and chocolate chip cookies  and mom is annoying me 
watching 'an american werewolf in london' with <propfemale> and dad 
"watching bones with mom, <propfemale> and grace  pretty funny  smile "
grand rapids with mom  laugh 
dance as though no one is watching  love as though you've never been hurt  sing as though no one can hear you  live as though heaven is on earth  ~~souza
"just watched owl city music video with mom, <propfemale> and grace  smile "
leave my door open just a crack  (please take me away from here ) cause i feel like such an insomniac  (please take me away from here ) why do i tire of counting sheep? (please take me away from here ) when i'm far too tired to fall asleep to ten million fireflies 
"mad that horseback was cancled today, hopefully the weather for thursday is better  i'm going to be really mad if it's cancled twice in one week   "
are any other <propmale> students going to or thinking about going to chicago?
bones
doll house!! faith looks a lot different  smile 
i wish i had more time to do what i want on weekends  never enough time! why can't i do what i want to all the time?
"i hate homework, and computers  i just finished typing something, and before i could save it, the program une playful ectedly quite  i'm dumb for not saving it as i went! at least i'm almost done, and after this i get to watch '<propfirst> darko'"
"homework is done  smile  now i'm watching \donnie darko\"""""
is disappointed in the movie i'm watching  i thought it was going to be scary 
"school  horseback tomorrow and friday, then show on saterday  hopefully the weather isn't crappy for any of the days "
horseback tomorrow  hopefully the weather is better  same for friday  show on saturday 
rain sucks 
i hope there is no rain tomorrow 
really tired 
<propfirst> of arabia is a stupid movie 
"i hate that tomorrow is twin day  i get to be one every day, and it isn't all it's cracked up to be  i've been e playful laining that to people all week  you aren't cool enough to be a twin! so get over it! dressing alike isn't \twiny\"" (at least not for sane twins)!!!! twin day is a failer!!!"""
"selling things for chicago trip  if you want more info, ask "
twin day is stupid 
thinking about showing a lot next year  and possibly partner boarding over the winter 
"\don't you just wish that sometimes you could just fold yourself up and put yourself in the dryer while it was going?\""      lol <propfemale>  laugh  very random """
riding tomorrow!
"\time slowed and reality bent; on and on the eggman went \"""""
poor mom is sick  sad 
"glad that it's friday  judo tomorrow, haven't been in two weeks "
really excited for the chicago trip!!!!!!
waiting for dad to get  back with grace so that we can go to judo  hopefully we aren't late 
just bought an epic beastly dress for my halloween costume!!! very excited for trick-or-treating this year!
school tomorrow  hb tuesday  i hate cold and rain 
school closed for the rest of the week  7 day weekend  i am so pissed!!!! stupid swine flu!
baby-sitting tomorrow
party at <propfemale>'s tomorrow! also riding!
"just bought one of my favorite movies, and is now watching it "
halloween tomorrow! i'm really hoping it doesn't rain like it's supposed too  anyone else going?
halloween  and judo 
two day school week this week! really excited about chicago!
chicago tomorrow!!!
waking up at 4am tomorrow
"had so much fun in chicago, and will be posting pics soon "
chicago pictures!!!
"\i will not be threatened by a walking meatloaf!\"" ~david"""
mom might let me get a cat  smile 
twilight saga? no thanks  i'd rather read a book or watch something with real vampires in it 
omg! went to the humane society and found almost the perfect cat!!!
is tired of hearing about new <propfemale>  or anything twilight saga related  anyone else?
the first scene in <propfemale> trek makes me cry  annoyed 
"captian pike: [whistles to break up fight between cadets and kirk] outside! all of you! now!  [to kirk]  captian pike: you all right son?  kirk: [looks at him upside down and stunned] you can whistle really loud, you know that?"
two day school week!
"\a heart is not judged by how much you love; but by how much you are loved by others \"""""
trying to finish history essay 
glad that thursday and friday are half days
yay! mom and dad said i can get a cat! now i am officially looking!
"programming a -sagan, english 11 a -gagnon, french 2 a-kelly, algebra 2 a- bugni, economics -ruskowski"
"95% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> cullen at the top of a skyscraper about to jump into a pit of fire copy and paste this to your status if you are part of the 5% that would sit there with popcorn and camera and yell“do a flip!!!\"",2009-12-05 16:25:15""",9f1f5d4ac01c87decc4802bd7cff6b8f,"loves snowdays, but hates spending them at home  though i don't feel like doing anything else "
is bored
is tired of snowdays
hates snow! and cold! when will summer get here?
"getting a christmas tree later today  it's like, the perfect winter day outside  i can't believe i'm saying that, but it's true "
is mad that dad wouldn't let me get the schizo tree that i wanted!!!
will probably be going to see a movie this afternoon with <propfemale> and dad  to avoid grace's party 
giving <propfemale> canes to the elderly definitely beats going to see a movie 
is really tired and wishes the weekend would get here faster so that i can sleep in 
i got a cat!
glad there are only two days of school this week!
my mom is annoying me
that's what she said   
"poe and boots are so cute!  smile  they are both kinda scared of each other, it's really cute "
skiing today
is really tired 
back to reality  school tomorrow  sad  break seemed so short 
doesn't want to go to school
tgif
waiting for batteries in camera to charge    x[
"please copy and post this to get the word out!  thanks! our youth group is presenting their annual italian dinner theater on january 31st at 4 surprise 0 and 6 smile 0  there are funny skits, a pasta dinner with dessert and an awesome time for all  if you would like to make a reservation, please call me! proceeds to go this summer's mission trip to west <propfemale> to do building repair and reconstruction!"
hates homework
poe is being a spaz
glad that mom will be home today 
"some of the people who audition for american idol scare me a little bit    ok, a lot "
it's almost friday    
tgif!!
mom is annoying me 
"if anyone is interested in coming to my youth groups italian dinner theatre, please let me know! name, how many people, and 4 surprise 0 or 6 smile 0 show! it is tomorrow! thanks!"
italian dinner theater!
school     sad 
half way through the week    : |
tgif
weekend  smile  glad for sleeping in 
lost my favorite ring and is really pissed off!!!
feels like crap  sad 
3 day weekends!!
is thinking about doing rugby    
wtf? crossing country skiing and then target shooting? who the hell came up with this stupid sport?
nlcc youth!! remember safe harbor dinner! anyone is welcome to come and serve dinner to the homeless!!!  ~~ the only good way to celebrate <propfirst>'s day is giving back to the community ~~
first rugby practice at 5 smile 0     
rugby today 
rugby monday  youth group sunday  nothing tomorrow  smile  oh    i'm actually going to yoga with mom  at 4 
rugby tomorrow  smile 
"is tired from rugby practice  i learned how to maul  smile  and i think it's unfair how i called first shower on rugby days, yet i never seem to get them     people don't listen to me at my house "
tgif
i'm glad it's the weekend  but i'm not excited for the next two school weeks 
excited about bowling and laser tagging today  laugh 
going to see avatar for the second time
"tgif! exams monday and tuesday! then finally, third trimester!"
yes! don't have to take econ exam!!  laugh 
"1st hour: english 11-b with kassab, 2nd hour: metals jewelry with keck, 3rd hour: env  chem -b with j-whall, 4th hour: algebra 2 - b with heydlauff, 5th hour: french 2-b with placek "
exams tomorrow  sad  at least we get wednesday off   
exams    fun  at least i don't have to take the econ exam    : )
"me and my mom gossip about you, and you don't even know it!"
no school tomorrow!!!
new tri tomorrow 
tgif
i liked last tri better   
babysitting in an hour : )
the blind side  love 
spring break tomorrow!!!  love 
spring break  love 
: (   sadest movie in the world!
"thank you for waking me up this morning so that you could play <propfirst> kart on the wii, you little jackhole  i really appreciate it  especially since i was polite and didn't wake you up the two nights you had to sleep on the couch  you're welcome "
"had fun at the sand dunes today  really <propfemale> and <propfemale>, not that warm  but still fun "
"don't know what i'm going to do with poe when we go downstate     anyone want to cat sit? p s  - you have to be somebody my parents trust, lol "
we saw an ad for new <propfemale>  my dad said talor lautner is a hunka hunka without his shirt on  i almost died 
in kalamazoo 
"not really sure     family easter tomorrow  easter egg hunt, yummy food, <propfemale> from the easter <propfemale>  love "
happy easter!  love 
"omg  i'm watching the <propfemale> and the goblin, one of my all time favorite movies as a kid  brings back memories, lol "
doesn't want to go to school tomorrow
i  love  my mom
ugg     doesn't want to go to school 
tgif
"just tried to give poe a bath    she didn't like it very much    now i think she hates me, lol "
"yuck, new <propfemale>  a crappy movie full of ugly people "
"don't know      i'm really tired, and it sucks     need sleep    "
dinner time  love  baked potatoes!
got to ride today : )  love 
going down state to watch grace's om team later   
lost my ipod at the om thing yesterday in grand rapids!!! really mad!!!
happy earth day!
has a headache
sisters are bratty 
just had dinner at paesano's with grandma  smile 
tgif
"watching <propfirst> poppins  my favorite song is stepping time, when they are dancing around on the roof "
"just go to see two really cute babies  love  twin boys, really excited for baby-sitting this summer!"
kentucky derby  love 
i have a <propfirst> poppins song stuck in my head!
tired   
"happy mothers day, mom  i love you  love "
"\well excuse me for having enormous flaws that i don't work on!\"" ~homer simpson"""
babysitting tomorrow
my cat caught a mouse in our house today  i wish i was there to see it 
i hate being sick
anybody else excited for summer?
"boating was kind of a bust, it was really <propfemale> and cold  but at least we were out on the water  and we went to moomers "
happy birthday <propfirst> <propmale> 
eight more days    
we still take forever to pick out a movie even though we have netflix     that's kinda sad   
three more days   
last day of school!!  love 
"rain, rain, go away   "
chickens  smile 
finally! off to go get chickens soon  i've been waiting all day 
got our chickens! i'm uploading pictures  suggest names if you want!
is making a thousand origami ninja stars 
"had fun hanging out with <propfemale> today, watching tv shows from when we were little  <propfemale> gwenevere and the <propfirst> riders! and sky dancers "
is very tired from babysitting all day  but it was fun 
the cutest thing in the world? a three year old running in circles around a coffee table singing along to bad romance by lady gaga and tic toc by ke$ha 
babysitting
felt pretty ba when i got a question right while watching jeopardy 
"sometimes, i don't like the way people treat each other "
"excited!!! getting a new ipod nano  not sure which color though  not black, pink or silver "
lots of family in the house  smile 
"every time i turn around, something about eclipse pops up  yay "
"there are a bunch of drunk people outside my house  some of them are riding bikes  for some reason, that doesn't seem like such a smart choice "
i hate being sick  it sucks 
new ipod is here!! perfect timing   love 
"had tons of fun at the horse show today  smile  sleeping in the barn, bathing in the washrack, and of course riding  smile "
it's disappointing when things don't turn out the way you want them to :  
i'd rather be in pennsylvania   
"sometimes my family drives me crazy  scratch that  most of the time, my family drives me crazy "
horse show by the bay again  three days in a row 
needs to pack for canada tomorrow  and put more music on my ipod   
canada tomorrow  smile  really excited!!  love 
horse show tomorrow  smile 
"is going to have moomer's for dinner, and then coming home and having chocolate pie for dessert  birthdays are the best "
thanks for all the birthday wishes : )
vampires suck was pretty epic  smile 
summer reading kinda sucks  especially when you didn't have the whole summer to do it 
is going to school registration today  probably around twelve 
"1st: sculpture- clone\2nd: crime & justice - rice\3rd: health & phys <propmale> 2 - prisk\4th: physics a -gillespie\5th: english language & comp (ap) a- goeman\advisory - bugni\neighborhood - <propfemale>"
<propfemale> got a puppy 
summer reading stinks 
horse show today  smile 
doesn't want to go to school tomorrow 
"even though today was the first day of school, it didn't feel like it because we were in advisory all day "
<propfemale>'s puppy is eating ants off the sidewalk  it's pretty cute   smile 
"surprisingly, i'm not dreading going to school tomorrow "
"just got shots  why does everyone hate them? honestly, it's not that big of a deal    "
"saturday    8 smile 0-12 smile 0 babysitting, face painting 1-3, and then babysitting again from 4-10  guess who's going to be sick of kids by sunday? lol "
woot!!! first chicken egg!! go pawks! it's a pretty greenish blue egg  yum yum 
had fun at the dance
just gave my cat a bath 
horse show this weekend  smile 
horse show today
"is really tired, but happy "
equestrian games on nbc  jumping!!!
psat tomorrow    
"so pretty much whenever i get really upset or pissed off, i cry  life sucks "
three day weekend!!  love 
went to the haunted ship in manistee last night  it was pretty cool  me and  camy hugged a ghoul 
nobody in my family watches good movies  ugg   
is pursuing happiness   
"academic collegiate transition-rennie, american sign language 1a-mj, health & pe-prisk, trig pre-calc a-bugni, ap lang-goeman"
is not looking forward to next tri
first tri is over  sad  kinda sad  next tri will suck 
2nd tri tomorrow  crap 
will hopefully be changing my schedule tomorrow 
the only time i like snow is when we have a snowday  if tomorrows not a snowday    
it's too f-ing cold    
kota keeps chasing her tail  it's pretty cute  smile 
got a bloody nose when i got home from school  yuck 
"if you spray dogs with catnip spray, will the cat start to like them?"
ap <propfemale> is slowly sucking away my soul 
i hate broccoli more than i hate going to the chiropractor    
"\man has lost the capacity to foresee and to forestall  he will end by destroying the earth \"" <propfirst> schweitzer"""
"i hate when i think i'm done with my homework, and all i want to do is go to     bed, but then remember that stupid assignment that wasn't really e playful lained and is due tomorrow    "
"as soon as i get out of college, me, link, and poe are moving somewhere that never gets below 40   "
it's too cold  but at least the sun is out  looking on the bright side   
why does the weekend always seem to go by so fast?
snowday!! too bad i was already awake and forgot to check    now i have time to study logical fallicies   
"yesterday when i was at the barn, link and i heard the sound of silence by <propmale> and garfunkel on the radio  love "
made it through my first hot yoga class at <propfemale> earlier  smile 
forget the super bowl  when's the kentucky derby?
"is really, really tired  it's been a long day "
i wore leg warmers before <propfemale> on glee    
change your profile picture to a photo of an animal  the idea is to not have any human profile pictures on facebook until feb 28th to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse! if you are against animal abuse change your profile picture to a picture of an animal and copy and paste this as your status!
is tired of hearing people complaining about the act today  so i'm complaining about the people who are complaining about the act 
tgif
had fun shopping red hare tack & togs today  smile 
2nd lunch anyone?
"trig precalc, photography, asl, interpersonal relationships, <propfemale>"
dad bought another ipad  because we really need another one 
it's too early to be awake   
passed my road test  smile 
"the girl you just called fat,she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid,he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly,she spends hours putting makeup on, hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped,he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more about people than you think  put this as your status if your against bullying "
it should be spring break now 
"decisions, decisions    "
really hoping for a snow day tomorrow    
the only bad thing about snow days is having to do homework that you didn't finish the day before  and having to go back to school the next day  at least break is soon    
is kind of loosing her voice    
"boots snores like my dad, lol    "
"my throat is so sore     and my voice is almost gone  good way to start off the day, and break "
snuggling with kota 
"hopefully, i'm not sick tomorrow  it sucks being sick during spring break "
is relaxed 
"i'm not sick any more  great, two days of break left "
doesn't want to go back to school  we should have spring break until it's time for summer vacation    
