29faf7275edfdc59f64cf20a8bd945d9
"is glad that mikie and <propfemale> are doing kiccs this week      rain, rain, rain"
is working on vbs mega sports camp!!  it starts this sunday- 5 smile 0- 7 smile 0 pm and ends on thursday with a big family tailgate party!!  everyone is invited 
"taught at the y, going to mikie and katies kicc graduation and then off to church to get the fields ready for mega sports camp      <propfirst> and i welcome all helpers!!"
"sending a shout out that there's three more days of vbs mega sports camp at new work fellowship, 5 smile 0- 7 smile 0, age 3 thru 5th grade    "
what a perfect day for belews (it was yummy!!)
feels very blessed!!
"cleaned house, went to project playground, and picked up everything to sew <propfemale>'s <propfemale> costume (thanks holly!!!)! smile "
"had a great 4th!  so blessed to live in a free country where we can worship god and shoot off \firecracks\"""""
would love to download some pics to fb but can't because my computer is old and doesn't hold enough memory!!  uuggghhhh
"yeah, my computer works today and my husband just brought me a starbucks    "
oh the beautiful sunshine after the rain
"monday, monday, get everything in order day!!"
finally braved the y pool with all three kiddos      it was quite nice!!
is wishing my brother mikie <propmale> a fantastic birthday  smile )))
my tuesday 8-9am ymca spin class will now be on wednesdays 8-9am effective aug  12
got to go outside and prune my overgrown shrubs!!
aaahhhh a day off!!!!
mentally preparing for another week of working three jobs   
is looking forward to the weekend!
is praying for mikies cough to get better!
is wishing there was something worth watching on tv tonight!
is getting everything ready to paint the boys bedrooms!
"more painting     but their rooms are going to be so nice, complete with stripes along the top    birthday party and as mikie says, \some chillaxin'\"""""
"good to get back into a routine     now only if groceries would magically appear in the fridge and laundry would be magically washed, dried, folded and put away       oh, a girl can dream!!"
"on was sitting on my couch, getting ready for work and holding my 8 mo  old baby girl thinking how ridiculously crazy things can get and how i hoped those who were dying knew jesus        where were you 8 years ago???"
"i was sitting on my couch, getting ready for work and holding my 8 mo  old baby girl thinking how ridiculously crazy things can get and how i hoped those who were dying knew jesus          where were you 8 years ago???"
praying <propfirst> recovers soon from h1n1
wondering what's for dinner!  i'm hungry!!
feels like i'm getting sick!!
not looking forward to a very long drive tomorrow!!!
"so sad, we had one car of trick or treaters tonigt and no <propfemale> to give!  sad  that's pitiful"
"another one bites the dust      mikie is sick- fever, headache (can you say flu)   i'm waiting for my year to get better     "
getting ready for family pics
it's a beautiful day!!
will be glad to have my husband home today!!  don't like being a single parent 
"just wondering where the \holly jolly\"" is at my work place????  not feeling the christmas spirit at all             smile people it's jesus birthday soon"""
"dashing through the snow, in a one horse open sleigh        jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way                                                           oh what fun                "
"last day of school-  looking forward to the time off, not looking forward to my scheduled children having to readjust "
is filling stockings     looking forward to a very <propfemale> christmas!!
"is taking care of a very sick little girl!!  high fever and let me just say \everything else  \"""""
was going to go see uk play tonight      but plans have changed- now i have a very sick little boy named <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!
giraffe print
had a fantastic day with mikie  smile  and we're finally getting a <propmale>-  yeah
loves my 7th graders at hca!!!!  you guys rock
come on snow       we're waiting!!!
"happy, happy birthday to my precious 9 year old- <propfemale>!!!!!!!"
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!!"
<propfemale>'s girl scout cookies will be in tomorrow!!
"had a fantastic weekend with my dear friend at the \legacy\"" conference- all about making disciples        so excited"""
"okay, <propmale> has officially lost his mind!!!!  is he trying to compensate for something??"
my <propfemale> stayed home sick today (feeling blah with what i thought was a sinus infection) now she's running a fever and throwing up in bed!!  sad 
my <propfemale> is on the mend and back at school today!!  smile 
"i love spring break        at home with my babies making biscuits, eggs and bacon- yum!!!!"
"colored eggs, made homemade strawberry cake for tomorrow, and lots of other goodies are in prep for dinner tomorrow       and if that isn't enough my husband is taking me on a date tonight and i have a new pair of shoes!! red peep toes   life is good and god is better"
"took the kids to the louisville slugger museum today and then to the pool!!  do you remember how incredible it was to stay in a hotel with an indoor swimming pool when you were 5??  i do, so exciting  "
enjoying a heine bro  latte and listening to my kiddos and <propfirst> snore!! lol       so peaceful- i'm very blessed with my sweet family- so much love
"free concert to help bring an orphan home!!!! <propfemale> mcqueen will be releasing her new cd this shimmering blue and <propfirst> putty will be speaking on the heart of adoption! come out on friday, april 23rd at 7 surprise 0 p m  at the hillcrest baptist youth building  hope to see you there"
just made a homemade cheesecake with chef mikie as my helper
our home study for our adoption went really well today!  yahhhh      the kids didn't scare the social worker away!!  smile  yahhhh      god is fantastic and we anxiously await a referral!!! yah    
"very sadly, most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding"
"today, i went from three part-time jobs to zero or to the only one that counts     - being a full-time mommy!! yeah       i even had time to polish my toes!"
had a great dinner with my baby!!
thanks to everyone for the incredible birthday wishes!!!!  i feel very loved  smile 
with my boyz at cecz
really missing my baby girl today!!!  she's having a blast at camp    
<propfemale> is home from camp  smile  and our sweet friends are coming to spend the weekend with us  smile !!!!  god is better than good!!!!!
"sushi, coconut ice cream and painting     a perfect night"
<propfemale> is officially a big girl and moving upstairs!    <propfirst> and i did a bed and bath makeover for her while she was at camp!!  hope she likes it  smile   surprise
okay!! just watched toy story 3 with the kids and i admit i cried (<propmale> went to college)
at the dentist with the kids (they didn't let me walk back with them) they are growing up on me in front of my eyes!!!!
i'm looking for an antique twin iron bed     anyone know where i can find one (i already checked butler's)????
thirty one gifts order are in today!!  i will deliver them before thursday    
happy 6th birthday to my big boy- <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hananoki and cec to play    a perfect family birthday celebration!
my baby went to 1st grade this morning!!! my middle to 2nd grade and my <propfemale> is upstairs doing review- her first day at the venable homeschool!!!
"for those of you who have been praying for my <propfemale>, thank you!  her eeg was normal and no meds are needed at this time!!!  praise to the <propmale>!!"
"dear prada,\ i love you but your shoes are too darn e playful ensive!"
"off this morning to help mikie    aka \nate the great\"" solve a mystery at school!"""
"\adoption\"" and \""e playful ecting\"" are the same thing    in both situations the mama's undergo preparation     """
had a great time working and taking in the festivities at the world equestrian games in lexington     go usa (and great job lexington)
awe    back to the reality of imperfection
"this is <propfirst> talking for <propfemale> - the doctor came in this morning and confirmed that she will have the decompression surgery for her chiari malformation   he is booked until next wednesday, but he wanted one of his partners (dr  <propfirst> hampf) to assist in the surgery "
ok its <propfirst> again   surgeons came back this afternoon and we have a tentative surgery time of monday @ 3 surprise 0   this is tentative   we will stay at the hospital until surgery day to give the steroids the time to work   the less inflammation the better   after surgery we anticipate up to a week in the hospital and then a few months of recovery at home 
looking at fb for the first time since some time in oct   recovery is horrible but <propfirst> is trying to keep me positive!  i'm off of the pain meds and that is bringing loads of new pain plus daily nausea and vomiting   please pray that i can have some relief 
looking for a violin teacher for my soon to be 10 yr old and a guitar teacher for my soon to be 8 yr old       any suggestions??
