5f0c81eb8d88669c3cc8285b98bfdcaa
sometimes i wonder why we <propfemale> on? what makes life so worth living that we put one foot in front of the other? sometimes i just want to say fuck it and give up    but thats just not my way  im too damn stubborn and have too much pride  let the hordes com
i dont know what the future holds   i dont know where im heading  theres a light at the end of the tunnel  but is that light attached to a hunk of speeding metal? one way to find out
wow   halloween is coming up so fast!!! so much to do and so little time  its time to get crackalacking! whoo haha!
does anyone know how to add crew in battle stations? i cant seem to figure it out
ok pass it forward? great movie  gotta recomend it  zombieland? must see  cant wait  in laws? fuck em!
man   killed a dragon and didnt get a reward! had 96k damage on the bugger too  thats just not right!
anyone free for a dragon battle got a fresh out the egg gold to entertain ya!
i need a dragon!
"urgent! facebook virus alert  an email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their bra  this is a virus  to fix it, you must remove your bra, then go to setting>enable webcam> record movie, please repost to your status!!"
"for haiti     too all members, if you believe in helping people lets do this: please note that this status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send a $1 to the rescue fund for the haitii earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and pasted as a status  you only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour  lets all do our bit to help!"
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ  and the <propfemale>n solider  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status"
"america: the only country where we have homeless without shelter, children going to bed without eating, elderly going without needed meds, and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit and raise over $57million for the people of haiti on 12 tv stations to help rebuild their country "
"saw on the internet that haiti is without a government  to help out, i am donating one obama, one pelosi, one <propmale>, one <propfirst>, one coakley and two clintons! they may keep them permanently! i'd give them a constitution; but i can't find mine right now! ~~~ status borrowed from a friend      keep it going "
"he is a beautiful, terrible being  a destroyer of worlds  the conquerer of earth  he is all that is man  beautiful women flock to him  he will rule the world with his iron fist and see that only the strong prosper  <propfirst> makes superman look like a wimp and he made <propmale> <propmale> quiver with fear "
things are going as well as can be e playful ected  we were fixing to leave moms from keatons party when she got the call that her dad (dyz's grandpa) was killed in a car wreck  so we are staying with her for a while longer  keep us in your thoughts
4 foot of snow: teaching the cats how to snow swim  throwing them off the poarch and seeing what happens
if pee wee <propmale> had taken a snuggie to the movies he wouldnt have gotten caught
i'd like to know where <propfemale> the e playful lorer's parents are when she goes on all these crazy adventures
under no circumstances is it acceptable to fist pump to <propfirst> swift
nbc reported that a group almost has enough votes to register pole dancing as an olympic sport for 2016    i love <propfemale>
"renamed my ipod the titanic, so when i plug it in it says \the titanic is syncing"""
stop blaming waffle house for all your problems 
"just wanted to let you know that i always win at \whose ex is crazier\"" because of you smile """
apparently im the guy who didnt get the memo that tonights attire was affliction and wife beaters   so ill just sit her in my sweatervest and be judged
look  im sorry i shaved your cat  but get over it!
"just had cupcakes and mountain dew for dinner, and now im playing super <propfirst> brothers  10 yo's all over the world would kill to be me right now"
"word to the wise: learn how to say \what is my bail posted as?\"" in french before traveling abroad"""
"trying to figure out who visited the hilshire farms website enough times for it to be in my top sites o,0"
ok so this is no lie    <propmale> cambell    fighting transformers    best  dream  ever!!!! pro tip: i dont care how tough you think you are; do not try to take a punch from a steamroller  it just wont work
"your fat  dont try to sugarcoat it, cause youll eat that too"
well tomorrow is the big day   and its about fricking time
hot ketchup is not a substitute for marinara
"before you were conceived i  wanted you  before you were born i loved you  before you were an hour  old i would die for you  this is the miracle of life \ put this on your  status if you have children you love more than life itself"""
vampires used to be dangerous  vampires used to be cool  vampires used to be   pimps! then <propfirst> comes along and   and   i dont know what the hell happened
"how many of you really  know all the people on  your friends lists? i mean personally know   here's a task for you  i  want all of the people on my list to post how  you met me, you know our  first encounter  after you have completed this,  repost this on your  status box  you will be amazed at how interesting  this can be!"
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood
the difference between ignorance and stupidity is a fine line  the ignorant do not understand and the stupid refuse to
"this\ girl told me she was a virgin the other day  i felt like i was talking \to a unicorn "
i am continually suprised by my wonderful wife
who knew dishes could be so fun?
"i have been made   painfully    aware that the \new twilight movie comes out tonight, and for all of you vamp people    \here\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=1glnuqie77e"
"wonders what the heck is with all this facebook poking? is this considered facebook sex? if so i heard there is a super poke out there, that ones  gotta hurt "
ive always wondered where the term sick as a dog came from  if my dog was this sick i'd shoot him and put him out of his misary 
"memories!!! \here are the rules   think fast! leave one memory that you and i had together \ (keep it clean) it doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot \ anything you remember! don't send a message, leave a comment on here \ next, repost this on your status and see how many people leave    memories\ about you "
"i say\----- ¯ )------- ¯ )\---- ¯ - ------ ¯ - \--- - -  ------ - -  \-- -- ´¯  ¯  ´¯- `   "
im on a boat!
"you\ just walked into a grocery store  you have three items to pay for  what\ three items would you bring that would make the cashier look at you \funny?"
selling a 250 gig ps3 w  couple of games  if your interested drop me a line
hey check it out cajuns  oh never mind its germans  dyz: germans?! where?? the guys right in front of you that are now staring at you
thank you to all who posted on my wall  going good so far
so <propfemale> had a fight  with a moth  she lost
i'm not sure if i've told her today so if i haven't i'm so very proud of my wife and love her more then anything else in this world  *pop*
"going to the movies with <propfemale> turpin, <propfemale> barnett <propfirst> and tia-joy <propfirst>  should be fun"
well got a job  now if i can figure out the fiddly bits such as child care
well thru at the doctors  keato has an far infection and needs salt water up the noise o 0
so you know those motorized wheelchairs? if those break down on the side of the road do you call triple a or aarp?
i like  cocktail weeenies 
lazy pirate dayz    arrrr  off for the next two days with my wife 
a good ten minute debate is worth a full day of silence  just come prepared for heavens sake
i'm not fat i'm fluffy  if i ever hit damn i'm getting the shake weight!
so have you considered the fact that the crusty crab is in bikini bottom?
loving the weather and calling bullshit that i gotta work
"hanging with <propfemale> turpin, <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> <propmale>   watching scary movies    and totally realized they made a mirrors 2, and that it is not appropriate viewing for a 3 yo"
"lets get a little debate going  a hot topic right now is gay marriage  are you for it or against it  and if your for it, what about other forms of marriage such as polygamy  feel free to rant and rave but respect others positions"
<propfemale> barnes dye religious discussion  keep it friendly but have fun and state your views
i find it hilarious that bank of <propfemale> uses and indian call center for customer care
sign outside of a headstone shop: now accepting holiday orders   is that ok? <propfemale> christmas here's a tombstone hope you use it soon
ok so two mcdonalds  fifteen minutes apart  two orders  both wrong 
i'm for gay marriage and against abortion  for the right to bear arms and strong central government  does that make me a republicrat or a demican?
¡desirae turpin says you may not use vegetable oil! i am not a vegetable!
the world is a mess and i just need to    rule it   
on the road to shriners  fun fun and lots and lots of cops out
one thing i don't like about tennis no matter how good i get i'll never be as good as the wall  i played him once  he's relentless
this is the perfect night for a bonfire and hot chocolate out doors
how the hell can a crack head be lazy  aren't they supposed to be full of energy or something? for christs sake
debate time! creationism vs evolution  god or the big bang? which one and why?
so what would be your perfect christmas present? what would make you the  happiest person in the world  and yes dyz we know kenet
i'm thinking    chedder
this is the universe calling to tell you that your reality check bounced  thank you and have a nice day
so is it really paranoia if they really are under the bed
rule number one pillage then burn  order is important
"im thinking    if otters had opposable thumbs, wed all be screwed"
hmmm wifes since kids sick its 4am and no ones sleeping
one comet killed the dinosaurs most of the guys in skywatch make not much more than minimum wage  it gives 1 pause
global warming huh? see?this is why you cant trust liberals and government scientists
ok so the big hype is that someone in russia said the asteroid apophis might hit earth on april 13(almost certainly a friday) 2036  what no one seems to notice is the next time it passes is late december of 2012  anyone taking bets that date is dec 21? just saying
"love's my wife, <propfemale> turpin"
he who laughs last thinks slowest
"why is it when we talk to god we're praying, but when god talks to us, we're schizophrenic?- <propfemale> tomlin get your own 'funniest quotes of all time' on your android phone at  http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=139783082743053"
just watched skyline  cant say i liked the movie as a whole but the ending was freaking intense!
"so your worlds benign\so you think justice has a voice\and we all have a choice? \well now your world is mine"
does anyone else see a problem with us stepping into a civil war hand in hand with the french for gods sake? and why our president tells us from brazil?
ok so   we are telling libya not to attack civilians    do they still count as civilians when they are armed? are we only hitting libyan military engaged in indiscriminate shelling? are we targeting any national forces? are we fighting the libyan military for the rebels? id really like to know exactly what our plans here are
its not your job to die for your country  its your job to make the other poor sod die for his
"wake up in the middle of the night to pee annoyed avoid all mirrors\\airplane engine makes a sudden noise annoyed i lived a good life\\hear thumps while in shower annoyed whole family is being killed and you're next\\turns off all lights before going to bed annoyed omg run for the bed before the demons get you\\elevator door doesn't immediately open  annoyed trapped forever\\realize it's too quiet, where's everyone?\oh god zombies "
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you support troops "
