80368c99a73ce08030812d50370e9be6
is sick      bleh!  sad 
was going to be in utah for like the whole month of august but now it's cancelled!!!! =[ i really want to come see everyone! all we can do is hope and pray that we will be able to go!  love 
"is excited! my friends are here from utah! well, half of them  lol   smile      happy and ready to <propfemale> out and spend time with them!     still sick but feeling better from before   love "
"just got home from the beach and sea wall!! got cold while waiting for fireworks    left, then they started! lol   smile  gonna watch a movie and eat some ice cream!  love "
feeling sad and kinda lonely    my friends left and i miss them!! =[ i'm glad i'll be seeing them next month though!!  smile   love 
is pretty darn tired    just finished five hours of online homework    needs a good nap!! lol  bored   smile 
"is sick and tired of doing online work, but will keep doing it because it needs to get done!!  smile "
"check out my new pictures and all the nice stuff i wrote in my about me, it's all about my closest and bestest buddies!!!!!! go look and read please!!  smile   smile   love   love "
"is exhausted from yesterday and last night!! had lots of fun kayaking and working my arms off! lol  misses her bestest <propmale>, conner!!  love   love  can't wait to come and visit utah!!!! =p  love "
"has new pics!! lol   laugh  a <propfemale> bit tired    still working on that online work!! holla at me cause i'm waaay bored!! {txt meh}  love   love  missing my bestest buddies, kerilyn boobear and conner boogawr!!!!  love "
"has a new pic!! lol   laugh  a <propfemale> bit tired    still working on that online work!! holla at me cause i'm waaay bored!! {txt meh} ? ? missing my bestest buddies, <propfemale>lyn boobear and conner boogawr!!!! lol  i love you conner!! i love you <propfemale>!! ?  love  also"
"just got home from va beach!!!! it was tons of fun!!! definitely got tanner    still working on that online work!! holla at me if you wanna do something!! i'm free!! {txt meh} ? ? missing my bestest buddies, <propfemale>lyn boobear and conner boogawr!!!! lol  i love you conner!! i love you <propfemale>!! ? ? also missing my other buddies, like monkey mikey and all those other crazy people!!"
"went to ft <propmale> pool-beach today!! definitely got <propmale>! lol  goin to busch gardens europe tomorrow!! still workin on that online work!! holla at me if you wanna do something!! i'm free!! {txt meh} ? ? missing my bestest buddies, <propfemale>lyn boobear and conner boogawr!!!! lol  i love you conner!! i love you <propfemale>!! ? ? also missin my other buddies, like monkey mikey and all those other crazy people!!"
"got <propmale>! lol  goin to busch gardens europe today with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, zigg, <propfirst>, and maybe b rob!! still workin on that online work!! holla at me if you wanna do something!! i'm free!! {txt meh} ? ? missing my bestest buddies, <propfemale>lyn boobear and conner boogawr!!!! lol  i love you conner!! i love you <propfemale>!! ? ? also missin my other buddies, like monkey <propfirst>y and all those other crazy people!!"
"tiene oscuro! sensación de <propfemale> poco enfermo hoy  todavía trabajando en ese trabajo en línea! me grites si quieres hacer algo! estoy gratis! {texto me} desaparecidos mi bestest buddies, <propfemale>lyn y conner! te amo conner! te amo <propfemale>! también mis otros amigos, como monkey mikey y todos los demás locos!"
"tiene oscuro! sensación de <propfemale> poco enfermo hoy  todavía trabajando en ese trabajo en línea! me grites si quieres hacer algo! estoy gratis! {texto me} desaparecidos mi bestest buddies, <propfemale>lyn y conner! te amo conner! te amo <propfemale>! también mis otros amigos, como monkey mikey y todos los demás locos!  love   love   love   love "
tiene oscuro!! todavía trabajando en ese trabajo en línea! te amo conner! ? ? ? ? te amo <propfemale>! también todos los demás locos! me grites si quieres hacer algo! estoy gratis! {texto me} me voy en <propfemale> semana de utah! estoy muy emocionado!! lol  =p
is leaving monday!! feeling the affect of summer secrets &&games    fun&&love in the sun     love  a little afraid to have a meltdown   
is hoping she can sleep tonight! feels she needs to get some things off her chest and stop holding them all inside  mega tired and a little sick!! =p
is confused and upset    wants to know what she is supposed to do    doesn't want to leave   
"is sitting in this chair trying to convince herself that it's going to be okay  it doesn't seem to be working so maybe she's made some mistake that she's going to regret or already regrets  when your this confused and internally scrambelled then it probably is a problem  she needs someone to talk to about it, but the only one she can talk to is herself "
wants to know or make sure her heart is in the right place    
"is pretty dang sure she is doing what's right for her!!     feels a little sick! gazzanigo, tisk-tisk! misses her 'good-luck charm'!!"
"is extremely missin, that man she wants to be kissin, holding his hand, singing in his band, things she loves to do, hoping he loves it too! poeticly perfect!"
"is happy, but wants tomorrow to come faster!"
keeps procrastinating!! i need my motivation!! =p
seems to be slowly drifting to the ground on a cloud    definitely still falling for you hun!
is about to be picked up by the man she lets hold her hand!! haha =p ??
sitting here just waiting for it to get warm enough to actually get dressed and maybe go outside!! haha     =p
just finished mowing part of our huge lawn    feels not so lazy now! haha! feeling hopeful and almost excited about this whole forever thing! hehe =p
got her hair cut again!! haha  it's shorter this time though! was getting tired of all the weight on my head! now it won't get in the way so much anymore!  wink 
"is enjoying her day off from school! hoping she can spend most of it with her boo! also, listening to \everything\""? te amo muy mucho?"""
loves the rain   but you kinda get sick of it after it's been going 3 days non-stop! it makes me lonely  i want to see my boo   loves you! ??
is really bored so she made some jibjab videos!! hahaha =p love you hubby!!
"realized that if you spend most of your time on the computer playing and taking care of virtual plants and parks and running around with your sisters and cousins shooting each other with nerf guns, playing nerf war, every man for themselves style, that you must be a complete and total dork    ah shoot, oh well! hahaha! =p"
"auditioned for the school's musical and got a callback, along with <propfirst>!! hehe   smile  i feel accomplished!!"
is waiting for the cast to be posted for wizard of oz and has a callback for film club's movie production as one of the main roles! hope i get it!!
"is feeling a little bad, but then again it's their own faults! had another amazing day with my boo  smile  can't wait for our two month, this wednesday!!!  love "
"is sad and crying, but also mad and yelling    moments like these remind me how bipolar i really am    hoping that someone's heart is softened    missing her boo, happy two month!"
"is making christmas cards and little picture gifts for people!! it's a lazy but fun saturday! <propfemale> flew in last night from utah! dad, <propfirst>, dannel, and <propfemale> should be here sometime next week!! yes <propfirst>, you can meet all of them when they get here!  playful "
is a little irritated with the world       
starting to believe that i have become afraid of commitment when it comes to relationships    it's frustrating 
has a lot to do and it's kinda stressful    i can always count on my boo and facebook to help destress me!
"is thinking + i cant seem 2 get out of my head  decisions are hard + what has been said is said  one step at a time, take the days as they're here  plan 4 the future + remember whats near  live your days 2 the fullest but make no stupid mistakes+end up w regrets  because you'll have to pay 4 all those debts  love is important+should be e playful ressed every day  make sure its done in a healthy + sweet way "
"is pretty dang bored        gotta find something to keep my mind busy so i don't get sad again   facebook isn't working right now, probably about to get off for now    "
"had a fun night and is happy again, not fully, but not busting into tears every few minutes! had some of the girls over and <propmale> out, we watched cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs! haha  that movie is just hilarious! it makes you feel like a little kid!  smile  probably going to the movies tomorrow to have some more fun!  love "
"doesn't think it's normal to go to bed around 2am, then wake up around 6am and not be tired! can't wait until later, going to go see a movie with some friends! haha   smile  it's going to be fun!  love "
"is going to try to see the one act plays at the scca tonight!! today seemed like a really busy day! film club was great, we got a lot done with the script!  smile "
"is working on planning new beginnings coming up in february  staying busy  play rehearsals start up soon  film club's movie is coming along great, it's going to be epic awesomeness  haha   wink  getting my priorities straight and working on me   love "
is literrally falling asleep right where she stands    didn't really sleep last night  again 
is feeling a little weird    needs to eat cause she hasn't eaten at all today    definitely bored    someone text and let's plan something    
"is about to go to the mall with her lezbian lover!! haha   wink  sorry <propfirst> she won me back again, i guess this is what you get for being grounded! haha  jk  loves you hun!  love "
is home from hanging out with her lesbian lover!! haha  really bored!! someone call or text me to help me survive!!  playful 
is waaay bored and trying not to get upset    reading the scriptures to help keep her mind in the right place and watching awesome youth videos on www youth lds org ?
wants to know what celeb she most looks like!! comment what you think please!
"woke up from the three strangest dreams ever    finally picked her celebrity look alike picture!  playful  if you find a better one, let me know!"
"is a little bored    had a fun night though, so she's pretty happy!  playful  heart is a little sad because her love is not with her     love "
is disappointed and upset   and wants to know if celebrity look alike week is over    
"is disappointed and sad   porque <propfemale> noche no fue muy bien   and wants to know if celebrity look alike week is over   se está haciendo <propfemale> poco cansador   además, extraña a su novio guapo mucho    "
is empty and cold     
doesn't really know what to say    got a lot on her mind    
feels like she just died on the inside    
"watched the finished commercial, that film club has been working on, today after school! it will be playing at the talent show friday night!  playful "
doesn't really know what's on her mind right now    just trying not to think    
is going to the talent show tonight to watch all her awesome and wonderful friends show off!!  playful  see you there!
's phone broke today! there is a huge crack done the middle!  sad 
"has had an awesome day!  playful  slept good, woke up on time, got to class early and finished my homework, classes went by quick and easy, film club after school [we finished the script!] and it feels like summer outside!!  love  it could only get better"
"has had an awesome day!  playful  slept good, woke up  on time, got to class early and finished my homework, classes went by  quick and easy, film club after school [we finished the script!] and it  feels like summer outside!! ?  it could only get better  playful  i now have my replacement phone!! yay!!"
is still laughing about today   not meeting and waiting for <propfirst> and <propmale> haha  playful  <propmale> rappin in film was awesome  wink  and <propfirst> barking in wizard of oz   pretty good day if you ask me  smile 
"had a freakin awesome night! movie smoothie squished in a car walkin&drivin w random arguments, music pizza dancing&wii the park, guitar&extreme ways to die, w the computer, smashed banana, pudding licked off my leg&make out scene, walkin&swingin &then runnin our butts off endin up bein locked out! thanks to all who made my weekend great! <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> &others! love you! love "
is happy that she isn't the only one who wakes up at a decent hour on the weekends haha  playful  happy easter everyone!
"has had an interesting easter day with the family  laugh  watched general conference  went for a walk with katt and the puppies then took pictures, they turned out awesome! went to the church and watched the second session of conference  after we had easter dinner and then had an easter egg hunt! haha  playful  now we are watching <propfirst> poppins  love "
is on her way to busch gardens with her fam!  playful  loving the warmth and the sunshine  love 
"is walking around busch  playful  escape from pompei is closed, apollo is stuck, and <propmale> rapids is having some issues   it's kinda depressing  annoyed  oh well i know i'll get a good start on my tan cause it's so hot and <propfemale>; i love it!  love "
is finally home  playful  while driving home from busch she hit 92 mph! haha wanted to go faster but mom noticed i was going fast haha  laugh  awesome sunshine filled day! already have gotten a little darker haha  playful  beach  movies  mall  tomorrow   love 
"had just taken her contacts out and is blind as a bat  then begun to pull bobbypins out of the sink drain  when grabbing one it starts to squirm and fly around  turns out there was a wasp in the sink  ran away screaming, mostly because she had picked it up and she's allergic   "
is making random noises because she's bored and hasn't taken her meds yet hehehe  playful 
is tanning in the comfort of her own backyard  playful  the sprinkler brings the occasional breeze of mist  laugh 
"is at a doctors appointment, when she could be out in the sun, watching a movie, or in the mall! what luck "
is so ready to lay in the sun all day and get her seximexi tan back!  wink 
had a slow day but fun night! her day was filled with little sisters watching pokemon  playful  then there was youth and the girls got to make dresses out of napkins haha it was especially fun because the sixteen year olds had already done this before so we knew what we were doing  laugh  we just had a ton of fun with it! now off to eat and do some yoga (therepist reccommended)  love 
is sick of waking up so early on weekends and days we have off! why can't i sleep in like a normal person?!  annoyed 
"just got home from the movies, saw how to train a dragon  playful  it was really good haha i still want to do something else tonight though!"
is on her way to busch! haha  playful 
is leaving busch a little early    what's everyone doing tonight?  smile 
"has had an awesome, fun filled day!!  playful  spent her night watching a movie and now is trying on different dresses trying to choose one! text and comment to help with the dress choosing!! haha  laugh   love "
had an amazing night tonight!  laugh  it was just great! thanks to all the guys! haha  playful  pics will be up soon  love 
"has, once again, been at school for ten hours straight!! it'll probably be like that every day this week! let's hope i make it through this!  playful "
is going to go crazy because she was exhausted all day and now that it's actually time to sleep she is extremely hyper and definately not ready to sleep!! text me love 
"loves glee and all it's ha-ha-lariousness!  playful  also going to audition for it, hopefully i'm talented enough and what they're looking for!    \i sometimes forget my middle name\""   \""did you know that dolphins are just gay sharks? yeah \"" -glee gotta love the dumb blonde cheerleader  playful """
"had a great night tonight! hoping it'll get better  wink  day was pretty good, got to take awesome pictures after school, then danced the jitterbug  playful  watched last night's glee and smiled  playful then had an awesome and fun time with   well you know who you are!!  wink  home now  text meh  love "
"is playing \sweet drems\""-beyonce in band haha  playful  sounds preettty gooood  laugh """
"is playing \sweet dreams\""-beyonce in band haha  playful  sounds preettty gooood  playful """
is feeling disappointed and a little sad now    
"    \can you go now? i think i need to close the  door and cry\""    """
is pretty tired and feeling lazy cause she had wizard of oz rehearsal from 8am-1 smile 0pm  playful  hahaha it was kinda fun and it makes me feel important cause i'm on the stage most of the time  laugh   love 
:the boys told her that she's beautiful and that anyone would consider themselves and be considered lucky to be with her  laugh  that makes me feel special; thanks guys love 
"has had a crazy busy week! between rehearsal and gym plus being accident prone, it all has wound up to me being bruised and torn up; icing my knees and taking pain killers, let's call it a day! so glad i get to do it all over again the next day!  playful "
"hates it when people give you a hard time about something or forgetting something when they have no idea why or what's going on in your life; first of all, they have no right to judge you, be mad at you, or talk bad about you in a \hushed tone \"" that is a sign of true ignorance """
is home from rehearsal and kinda wants to take a nap but there is stuff to be done! i get friday off! hope i can go out and have some fun!  wink  haha  love 
accidently left her phone at church and now her mom has it but is at busch! sorry to anyone who has texted me! i'll text you when my mom gets home!
is extremely happy that she finally got her phone back!  it's been a long and quiet day   
is pretty confused and not sure what to do about her little problem   it's a hard decision and she's open to suggestions and advice   it's causing her heart to frown    
is loving the weather but hating the idea of spending most of it inside at rehearsal! i'll enjoy it while i can! text me  love 
had another eventful day at rehearsal haha four hours of dancing really wears you out  playful 
"is waiting for a ride   listening to some drama take place, pretty interesting   kinda lonely and rainy   still have issues and problems to deal with and resolve, it seems when one kinda gets fixed then another gets worse   heart issue is bugging me right now probably should sleep   "
"had a freaking long, crazy, but fun, night!! haha open dress rehearsal was tonight and it went well! tomorrow night is opening night! come to me for tickets!"
is super tired but the show went great tonight!! thanks to everyone that came and helped out! there's another show @ 7 tomorrow night as well!  love 
"had a lot of fun tonight! the play and all the work back stage gets better and better every time!  laugh  remember thursday, friday, and saturday next week we have shows @7! love you guys and i hope you all come!  love "
"is enjoying her break from all the hustle and bustle of her busy life; also, catching up on homework and life, the stuff i've missed since she has been working with and performing the play!! it's been a lot of fun and we'll be back to performing this weekend!  love "
"is going to be 17 years old in 15 days! may 18, here i come!  playful  plus,i want all, who texted me, to know that my phone has been dead all day!  love "
is very taken a back to what her heart is saying and feeling to her      love 
feels like she is just going to fall asleep! maybe i need a nap  playful  14 days until big 17! hahaha  laugh 
is home from film club and all its awesomeness; it's finally getting somewhere!     contemplating and searching through thoughts and the heart trying to find some answers to the questions that are confusing and life changing   what to do when all this time you thought you let go but it turns out you were just in denile and your heart truly doesn't want to let go   
"is chillen with <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, charmagne, <propfemale>, and the rest of the gang hahaha getting in trouble  playful "
"wanted to sleep in but it seems she can't, which sucks cause she is super tired from performing thursday and friday   hopefully she can get a nap in before tonight! happy birthday mommy!  laugh   love "
just wants to be left alone right now    
is thankful for the few close friends she has because they always know how to make her feel better  smile  free this week! no rehearsals or performnaces until next week! get to chill and have some fun!  playful   love 
had a ton of fun in film club today! this movie is gonna be so freaking bad-a!  laugh  i'm excited to get back to work! hahaha  playful   love 
has a week left!!  love 
"had an ok day, but hasn't felt like herself at all today and wants to know why    "
only has five days left!! hahaha  love 
"hasn't been feeling like herself the past few days, just kind of off from the usual    she wants to know what's wrong but it seems there is no reasoning behind the weird feelings    she doesn't understand what she is supposed to do to be 'her' again     "
had a good day  smile 
had a good day  laugh  hahaha sun is back and i'm feeling great!  love 
is waiting on an answer    
"is beginning to question how able she is to telling the difference between dreams and reality   or when a dream became reality   questions and doubts, when confusion sets in    "
"has been cleaning all morning!! who knew there could be so much to clean! hahaha  playful     hoping that my friend can come see me today, he better!!  laugh   love "
dislikes two things right now   the negative side to having photographic memory and introducing her little sisters to <propfirst> buble [not that his music isn't good] hahaha    it's a nice a day let's take advantage of it!!  laugh   love 
is heading home from newport news and hampton! got to see a bunch of my friends and have an amazing night just being crazy! hahaha  playful   love 
is feeling really great today!  laugh  haha i hope this means my week is going to go well! i hope so cause i have rehearsal all this week and final performances this weekend   
had a really good day  laugh  hoping this will last!  love 
is wishing for a happy birthday    
wants to thank all who wished her a happy birthday!  laugh  why do people take things personally? i was having a great day then i started to feel like crap     sad  bleh had fun at rehearsal today though  love 
"is pretty dang tired!! performance tonight went really well and the people really enjoyed it!  laugh  tomorrow is our last show hope you can come out and see it!  playful  just for laughs   \i think my cat is reading my diary\"" hahaha aahhh it's glee  love """
is relieved but sad because today's show was the last show!  laugh  i'll miss it
manhunt!!
"is super tired from last night, but it was tons of fun!  laugh  hahaha still trying to fully wake up     love "
even with time   not all wounds are healed   
"   even with time memories are neither forgotten or erased, nor are they replaced   the heart wants what the heart wants, even if what it wants it can't have, it will want anyway   "
"thinks that when you truly love someone you love them unconditionally, accept their flaws, help keep them strong, you love seeing them happy and being with them, you care for them with all your heart, and you never want to let them go     love "
"had a fun day today, took a <propmale> and it turned out good  smile     love can't be denied, it's unconditional, acceptance, happiness even with flaws, forgiveness, no regrets, no fears   your love makes you happy, helps and supports you, strengthens, commits, honest, loving and caring, your best friend, the one you tell all your secrets to   never forgotten   "
"just got home  laugh  went out with mama today for my b-day, i had fun and got my hair did haha tonight was fun as well, pool party and a movie, all wrapped up with a nice ride home  smile  going to sleep happy   let's hope it brings good dreams     love "
"had an epiphany!  laugh  i feel that i can finally get my life in order now and stop with all the thinking and worrying! i have a few people to thank, my buds at the pool party, they know who they are  playful  they helped me without realizing it and it turned out great! i'm in such a better mood now and just enjoying it; blasting my music and dancding around my room   lovin' today  love "
"went to the carnival in hampton, va, next to the coliseum, last night! hahaha forgot how ghetto hampton is  playful  there were cops everywhere and they had to break up a few gang fights and most the girls there were pregnant or had a kid already haha <propfemale> and i had fun though! we got on a couple rides for free without even trying  laugh  i saw a couple old friends which was nice! didn't get home until after midnight haha  playful   love "
"had a very relaxing day; most of it spent laying in the sun after church, then watching the rain pour down, and then watched napolean dynamite with the fam haha  playful  hope the night continues to be great     smile   love "
"just got home from sleepy hole park haha people, food, sun, water fights, games, and fun!  laugh  that was my morning   tonight will be the movies with some of mi amigos; seeing an awesome movie!  smile   love "
"is home from <propmale> of persia and the park haha  playful  thanks <propmale> for making me laugh, i needed it  laugh  had fun being a dork and pretending to do par core     smile   love "
was randomly immitating a peacock and it started to reply   i got called an animal whisperer  playful 
   the one thing i hate about nighttime and sleep   is the loneliness that comes with it   
almost got soaked when the seniors attacked the bus ramp with water balloons! hahaha  playful 
fell asleep a little early and missed her <propmale> to text him   not doing that again
"got a really cute and fun dress, nails are done, hair later   prom is going to be fun! haha  laugh "
had a great time at prom!  playful  had fun dancing and laughing   thought about him most the night haha  love 
"had a busy weekend   prom friday night haha then water country saturday morning, the attempt of fixing my car's a c, and then sunday i didn't feel so hot and i slept most of the day   i slept in today and got to school around 11 smile 0ish   maybe a movie later  smile  text meh  love "
washed and detailed her car today hahaha  playful  it was worth it cause now it looks good  laugh  text meh  love 
wants to drive somewhere    pool party later  laugh  good thing the sky cleared up! hahaha  playful  text meh  love 
had soooo much fun at the pool party!  laugh  miss you guys already! hahaha  playful  text meh  love 
randomly woke up and now she can't sleep!  sad 
just finished vacuuming the car   it's hot outside  playful  text meh  love 
\   action causes feelings\,80368c99a73ce08030812d50370e9be6,"????\\   action\",80368c99a73ce08030812d50370e9be6,"is in extreme pain   finger got slammed in the door, might lose my finger nail   "
is in pain   it was hard driving this morning with my stupid finger bandaged up and it won't stop throbbing! i really hope it's not fractured   
"has had a relaxing day, but now there is some homework to do ugh   "
"has a cough, a slight sunburn, and a smashed finger, but she had a great weekend  smile "
"is trying to enjoy her last week of school   it's sad that it's almost over! i'm going to miss everyone, hopefully we can <propfemale> out this summer! love you all!  love "
"got her license today!  laugh  also had tons of fun with her girlfriends, <propfemale> and <propfemale>! the whole night rocked all the way to the end  wink   love "
"drove to school for the first time and the last time of the school year   is chillen with <propfemale> and <propfemale> again! hahaha   drove an avenger for hours, freaking awesome   sleepover  laugh "
thinks that tonight was amazing  smile  making memories     love 
wants everyone to know that if you don't hear from her this week that it's not because she's dead or been kidnapped! she's going to be at camp  playful 
"is laying in a sleeping bag, on a cot, in a bakers tent, next to one quiet and calm, sleeping girl and one loud and silly, laughing girl   gotta love camp!  laugh "
"is happy to be done with all the dirt, bugs, and 110 degree weather! i will miss my friends though hahaha  laugh  friday when i got home was great  wink  saw someone special and had an amazing time together  love "
is kinda bored now that the movie the fam watched is over! i want to go outside but it's so hot out there and i wouldn't have anything to do anyway     playful  text meh!  love 
has had a very interesting life the past couple of days hahaha  playful  plus i got pulled over by a cop today but no ticket; i think one of the cops was my neighbor  laugh 
"\   and i wonder if i ever cross your mind; for me it happens all the time   i just need you now   \"""""
has been quiet the past couple days   a lot is on my mind   
"\   you know we got a good thing going and i don't wanna see it end   are these the good days that i heard so much about? there goes the heartbreak that i can live without   we got a good thing going and i don't wanna see it end   \"""""
is at busch gardens! hahaha  playful  text meh!  love 
"wants to wish everyone a happy independence day!  laugh  smiles, laughs, and fireworks! also got to talk to my daddy who is in afghanistan   i love you padre!  love  stay safe"
"has had a slow and kinda boring day, but productive when it comes to chores and laundry   ugh  playful  glad i'm leaving tomorrow! i won't be back until saturday  annoyed  sorry guys! hahaha  playful  i'll be having fun though  laugh  packing   text meh  love "
is in north <propfemale>!  laugh  hahaha  playful  text meh  love 
is on her way back home from north <propfemale>!  laugh  i'll miss all my old and new friends! hope to see you guys again soon!  love 
is on her way to southern <propfemale> university for a week of efy!  laugh  especially for youth    it's going to be great! i'll miss everyone though  love 
is working on her second day of efy! we had the dance tonight; we all partied our butts off! as all the guys left the girls blasted 'girls just wanna have fun' and jammed!  love 
wants to not care anymore but it seems to be impossible    let sleep finally come    
is on her way home from efy! it's been great and just so much fun! i miss all the friends i made and love how close we got  smile  i want to go again next year!  love 
is changing things   
is walking in sunlight when the whole world is covered in rain clouds  love 
"is currently in the car driving to illinois to pick up her daddy, who has been in afghanistan, then off she goes to utah, <propfemale>, and california! fun in the sun here i come!  playful  text meh  love "
is now in kentucky  playful 
is driving in indiana now! hahaha  playful  we'll be picking up my dad sometime tomorrow!\\n love m!ss*mad!
"is stuck in davenport, iowa, because of rain and lightning! we got a nice room though; it's special  smile "
is riding in the car through iowa; watching avatar! text meh  love 
"is currently in omaha, nebraska; sitting in california tacos & more! if you have ever heard of guy fierra, from the show diners, drive-ins, & dives, on food network, then you'll agree with me that this restaurant is famous! it was on the show!  laugh "
"was just at a gas station in oshkosh, nebraska   it was the only one; everyone one knew everyone, so when you walk in they all stare at you because they've never seen you before  playful "
is officially in mountain standard time since last night  playful  will probably be arriving in utah today!  love 
"is in rawlins, wyoming and will be in utah tomorrow!  laugh  all my buddies in utah, text me and we can make plans!  love "
is officially in utah; just drove over the border!  playful  text meh  love 
just got back from camping with the family and turned on her phone and received 81 text messages and 7 voicemails!! it's only been three days   
is still in utah   enjoying spending time with friends!  love  it's been fun hanging at conner <propfirst>'s house! hahaha  playful  hoping to see other friends like kerilyn burningham and austen pritchett and <propmale> buhler  love  love you guys!!
"\   my world is on fire; that's the way i like it and i never get bored   \""  love """
is chillin this morning and looking for someone who wants to <propfemale> out today! love ya  laugh  text meh  love 
just got back from seeing the other guys with <propfirst>  smile  hahaha pretty funny movie
"is at the highland fling in highland, utah!  laugh "
"is watching the beautiful sunset beaming from behind the majestic mountains, while driving to las vegas, for the night  smile  text meh  love "
is in las vegas; chillin and having fun!  laugh  text meh  love 
"is currently sitting in the back seat of the family car, listening to music and texting, while on her way to fullerton, ca, from las vegas, nv  smile  disneyland and beaches here i come! text meh  love "
"is chillin' in cali for all this week  laugh  monday: pool in las vegas and driving, yesterday: disneyland, today: california adventure, tomorrow: beach and disneyland     love "
"has had an awesome week here in cali!!  laugh  disneyland, california adventure, huntington beach, pool, hard rock cafe, and an l a  angels of anaheim baseball game!  wink  all this spent with my awesome family!  love "
"is now safe in bed in pleasant grove, utah  smile  my second home, the <propfirst>' house    i have tomorrow free so text me  love "
"is super sad to be leaving utah and all her old friends, but she'll be coming back soon    found her long-lost heart and has to leave it behind again ?"
"is driving through kansas, listening to kansas, looking at curn   ironic"
"is currently driving through <propfemale> weather in kansas, there's a spiral cloud, in other words, possible tornado   welcome to kansas; i'm a regular <propfemale>"
"is now in missouri, kinda sounds like misery; it's raining and there's ton of lightning    little ironic   "
"is driving through a huge thunder storm, tons of lightning, plus flash floods; street lights going out and little cars drowning    scary   "
"just crossed the <propfemale> border!!  laugh  our trip has been has been a total of about 7,530 <propmale> and we have about 277 to go until home!  love "
spent the night in her bed and she enjoyed every minute of it!  smile  home sweet home  love 
has finally gotten her schedule!  laugh  1  chorus- neighbours 2  hn english 11- wendt 3  theatre ii- neighbours 4  algebra ii- eaddy 5  gov't 12- collins 6  sapnish ii- torres 7  chemistry- epperley   
is freaking loving her new phone!!  laugh  hehe finally can make calls again!
has finally put up all here pictures from her family's cross-country trip!!  laugh  check them out  love 
is shopping for <propmale> supplies and decorations for next saturday!!  wink  going to be awesome!
"is sitting here, watching the news, and listening to them talk about hurricane <propmale>; friday, flooding, power outages    won't this be fun hahaha"
is awake pretty early this morning     no one is ever up this early so there's no one to talk to  annoyed 
"is feeling like crap cause she got a couple shots yesterday and they're making her whole body hurt! to make it better i have to go to court today, plus it's raining   "
got her official license yesterday morning!!  laugh 
    today is father's day in australia and new zealand!  laugh 
"wants to name her ipod, what should his name be? yes, it's a boy ipod haha  love "
"can't believe what she was feeling, what she was doing, what was happening, the truths being said, can't believe that it wasn't a dream   "
finally got that nap that she has been needing for a while! haha  playful  now there's a few important decisions to make   
"wants honesty, speak it without fear or regret, don't be afraid of what others might say or think, follow your heart  love "
"has a nice spagetti dinner and freshly baked cookies for desert, but no one to share them with   "
"\   you take me the way i am   \"""""
"wishes there was something she could do to be close to you; remember that as long as we don't find another, we will always have each other  love "
feels like she has lost it all and can't find what she is looking for   
has found new light in her life and has hope again  love 
thinks this past weekend and week has been great  smile 
is getting her tan on at va beach  sunshine  love 
is realizing how much a small prayer can do    it can create a miracle  love 
"is in hampton, walking around peninsula town center mall"
doesn't deserve any of this   she wouldn't want to ruin it    
wants to really dress up for celebrity day for spirit week but has no idea who she should be!! any ideas?!
got a haircut yesterday and is now putting the red in her hair again!  love 
"just listened to \courage to stand strong\""    couldn't help but think of all her efy friends and how much she misses them!  love """
needs to know if it is even worth waiting for   
had a great night full of awesomeness!  love 
is really bored and wants to go out and do something before she goes crazy!!  laugh 
needs a change in her life   
isn't feeling so great    more like crap   
"\what do you say to taking chances? what do you say to jumping off the edge? never knowing if theres solid ground below or a hand to hold    what do you say?\"""""
is on the charter bus heading to the vta competition! she'll be back on sunday!  laugh   love 
"is in reston, va for the <propfemale> theatre association conference!!  laugh "
"wants to know how come when she doesn't have school she wakes up on time for school with no alarm, but when she actually has school she doesn't wake up?! extremely annoying   "
"to all that it may concern: i was giving myself time to think and have space so i was not using my phone at  i was not ignoring anyone, i love you all!  love "
has district choir auditions today!  laugh  ready to sing?
is at great bridge high school for district choir auditions!  laugh  time to sing!
found out that she made district chorus!  laugh  now there's a <propmale> to be in states! woo!  laugh 
just hates those nights when you can't sleep because you just keep thinking and your mind won't shut off    
is going to <propmale> potter  laugh 
is having one of those nights again     it really sucks   
"\he taught me the rest of the alphabet  i would get to m and n then get frustrated because they are too much alike \"" <propfemale> is so funny  laugh """
"wants to wish everyone a very happy thanksgiving!!!!  laugh  remember to give thanks for everything, even the small things     love "
happy hanukkah!
wants to wish you a happy 5th night of hanukkah and a happy 2nd advent sunday!!  laugh 
has had a crazy day of decorating our christmas tree and making gingerbread houses out of grahm crackers!  playful 
"wants to know if anyone goes and reads her notes, because they are her poetry that she wants to share and wants to know everyones opinions  smile "
came home crying again tonight   thanks guys i love you too   
thinks it is hilarious how most people in <propfemale> don't know how to drive in the snow and they freak out  playful 
ended the day with dying her hair and watching the titanic    weird combination haha  smile 
will be on tv with the nansemond river high school choir on channel 3 at 4pm!!  laugh 
left school early and went to the eye doctor then got a massage  laugh  good start of the winter break  love 
been busy the past few days! dyed my hair again  playful  my car is all fixed thanks to my awesome friend <propfirst> miller and all the work that he did!!  laugh   love 
on my way to the <propmale> <propfemale>!!  laugh 
"got to see this awesome guy <propmale>, after going to the <propmale> <propfemale>!  laugh   love "
"got to see this awesome guy, quin, then went to the <propmale> <propfemale>, then saw another awesome guy, <propmale>!  laugh  awesome day  love "
wanting to go back in time to when we were together and freeze life in those moments of true happiness    you truly complete me  love 
hopefully tonight will be fun  smile  2010 is now in the past  going to make 2011 last 
does not feel like herself at all   
had a healing day    should have one more often    don't take meds and just sleep for fourteen hours
just took an epic fall in drama rehearsal today and hurt my leg haha i am accident prone  laugh 
could this week be any more awesome?!  laugh   love 
"at <propmale>'s fork high school, suffolk, va for the vhsl theatre competition!! we go on at 1:15, but if you want to come see us you should get here at 12:50!  laugh "
nansemond river theatre company is going to regionals!!  laugh 
is having a somewhat depressing day  annoyed  he had to leave today     love 
skype skype skypin' with <propfirst> defreitas   love 
continuously poking <propfirst> defreitas!!!!!!
so happy that the weekend is here!  laugh 
verizon's system is down *stupid*
verizon is working now!!!!  laugh 
"chores, homework, facebook, music, or skype the most wonderful boy ever       my choice is clear  love "
the dvd player was trouble so i taught and lead the discussion in the young women's class at church  smile  i did pretty good considering i had to wing it
get to start night school next week on tuesday    fun stuff 
today has been a good day  laugh 
"if one person tries to be a little more honest, a little more kind, and a little less judgmental, you would be surprised to see how much a difference one can make    "
    self-awareness and realization is the first step    
district chorus!  laugh 
district chorus all day and then concert tonight!  laugh  it's going to be great!
all-state choir auditions today after school!! and vhsl regional theatre competition this friday!!  laugh 
wish us luck! vhsl regional theatre competition in <propfemale> beach!  laugh 
nansemond river high placed first at vhsl regional theatre competition! we are moving onto state competition!  laugh 
wants to let her bestest guy friend know that she still has the batmobile that he gave her & it sits on her nightstand to this day  smile 
"vhsl state theatre competition is in approximately 2 weeks- i'm excited, nervous, and afraid of the busy weeks to come!  laugh "
went shopping with my momma today and got some cute new clothes  laugh  now to end the great day by skyping with <propfirst>  love 
do i really know what i want or what i need? when my heart says yes but my mind says no which do i listen to? why is every choice so hard   
just had to run outside into the buckets of rain and flooding to roll up the car windows that were down a fraction of an inch!!  playful 
when the heart truly loves someone and it loses them then it loses itself      love 
soooo        busy  ugh 
"feels a little ignored right now but it's all good, have to pack for this weekend anyway!"
"feels a little ignored right now but it's all good, have to pack for this weekend anyway!"
"just read the sign, \welcome to charlottesville!\"" so excited!!  laugh """
can't sleep and extremely bored! what to do?!
"at the vhsl state theatre competition taking place at peidmont community college theatre!! we go on at 12:15  playful \\n *\t!l k!ngd0m c0m3\""*"""
"   i need to apologize to everyone i've ever made feel hurt, i am truly sorry; i'm not perfect, but i'm trying my best to fix my mistakes   "
"been in theatre class for three hours because of \<propfirst> testing     listening to music has been fun  smile "
"feeling a little distraught, ignored, confused, and lonely, but trying very hard not to wallow in self pity   "
have been feeling a little ignored and sad but part of that can be e playful lained by how i used to be super busy but now i'm not   who knows
can we handle three puppies in my house? who cares?! they're puppies!  playful 
feel like i'm slipping again     am i worrying too much or is there actually something to worry about    
today hopefully will be a good and happy day  smile  all my plans should go well
"a day full of sun, filming for english class, walking, screaming, swinging and feeling like a little kid again  smile  fun day"
"had a nice time chillin, it was great break from stress  smile "
being in the sun all day today was just awesome!  laugh 
"there's nothing like a 2 1 2 hour drive to washington dc; including, an hour nap, music, jokes, games, and snacks!  playful "
"\   i've never felt this way before    everything i do reminds me of you   \"""""
feeling stress-free because my homework is finished    but feeling a little ignored and lonely    
"\   the days feel like years when i'm alone    do you see how much i need you right now?\"""""
"warm sun, random rain, and horrible allergies-- yupp it's spring  playful "
suffolk all-city choir concert went great tonight! i had a solo!  laugh 
friday night  home alone  again  life kinda sucks 
very tired    good time at church; computer shut off while doing hw; now sitting in the shop waiting for them to fix my car's tire   
feeling like this makes it almost impossible to sleep    someone should text me   
tenemos dar presentaciones en clase de espanol hay!!
sometimes i wonder whether or not it's all worth it    
"spent the night being mom    i also accomplished getting my homework done, watching a little tv, and still left some time to be depressed   "
had fun filming today after school  smile  a nice mix of warm sun and friends makes me feel a lot better
off to night school once again    
"    friday, friday, friday    "
spent the yesterday with my momma- shopping and then movies     limitless was awesome  smile 
had an awesome time today!! loving this warm summer sun!!  love 
power is out at nansemond river high school!!!!
so it's a wonderful day outside!!  love  enough sunshine for everyone!!  laugh 
it's a beautiful day- now only if i could enjoy it   
just did five days worth of homework in six hours  my head kind of hurts 
out of night school early once again! hahaha the only bonus of teachers quitting   
why can't i get over all this?! i need to stop dwelling and remembering but i can't!
been driving all night!
now in florida!!!!  laugh 
"driving through florida, listening to \pretty fly (for a white guy)\"" by the offspring  playful """
florida beaches are amazing!! sorry for all my friends who are back home suffering the tornado warning and power outages! i miss you guys!
"just woke up from a great nap, out by the pool, in the warm florida sun! beginnings of my tan  love "
"it's nice outside, today should be a great day, i'm going to sea world!  laugh "
visiting family out in the swamplands of florida!
enjoyed the trip down to see my aunt and uncle  smile  even the sudden rain storm
watching tangled again!  smile 
it's now 27 days until i am 18!!  smile 
"a day at the beach and pool in the hot florida sun, as i was able to tan i also had some fun  smile  hahaha"
i have been trying so hard 
do people see the inside or just the outside? do they see the strength that goes into trying? does being true make a difference? am i noticed and truly seen?
"my birthday is in 18 days, on the 18th, and i'll be 18 years old!!!!  love "
school from 7am-2:15pm; rehearsal from 3pm-8 smile 0pm; get home at 9pm  yeah that's my life 
first night of seussical went great   considering  laugh  this was just a open rehearsal but tomorrow night is opening night!! come see the show!!
suessical!!  laugh 
setting up for my surprise party    i'm seriously being kept out of the loop; they won't tell me anything!!  playful 
party is in two hours!  playful 
a big thank you for all those who came to my party and for all those who tried!! you are awesome! hope you had as much fun as i did!  playful 
tomorrow is the eighteenth and i will be eighteen  playful 
thank you so much to all those who wished me a happy birthday!! you just made it two times better!  laugh 
"so i'm eighteen, which makes me officially legal  interesting "
"   how do i describe these feelings of frustration and pain, over whelming emotion and strain; will this ever go away?"
last performance was today     no more high school theatre    i'm going to have a lot of free time!
"no rehearsal for the rest of the year    dentist and now doctor, i'm just as busy!"
look at the cupcake!!  playful 
the power is out!! severe storms are to blame 
"so had an awesome day! slept in, went to the mall and had crazy fun with <propfirst>, and ended the day with a pool party with the girls!!  playful "
busy day once again!!
what am i to do with all my free time?!
sick! <propmale> threw up in the car earlier and some of it got in <propfirst>'s mouth! hahaha
"awesome day! started with the fun run, the annual church pig-pickin and water games, the pool with the defreitas family, then cake for aunt <propfirst>'s birthday!  smile "
thoughts of you fly around just as a guitar's struming sound   
"the train, that passes behind my house, made a spark that caused a fire which spread to my back fence!!"
promin' it up at kyoto!!  laugh 
i swear every time i come to the dentist i see someone i know! last time it was <propfemale> and this time it's <propfirst>! haha  smile 
"newport news  the air smells like the ocean, oh how i've missed that smell  smile "
newport news to suffolk in twenty minutes 
they are making us retake the algebra 2 <propfirst> because of the stupid testing irregularity    fml 
awesome day  smile 
"he couldn't start the fire so he got lighter fluid, while he was gone the girls got it done twice as fast  smile  he tried his best"
"\would i be out of line if i said i miss you?    i need you to know that i care and i miss you   \"" -incubus"""
"buckroe beach, hampton  smile "
kecoughtan high school students have awesome school spirit  smile 
"on this road of life we'll have bumps & hit red lights, but we choose the street we turn on, where to go, & who we pick up along the way   "
"my day has consisted of hot sun and yard work, it's great"
"\   i lie awake and miss you; pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere cause i'll doze off safe and soundly but i'll miss your arms around me   \"""""
just got finished planting huge sunflowers and little sunflowers; good thing we finished before it started raining!
i hate doing laundry but i love having clean clothes  laugh 
"my ocd makes doing laundry sooo much easier and helps me organize my stuff, turns out laundry really isn't that bad  playful "
i hate being alone during storms  annoyed 
having a two hour long test done at the hospital really word me out   
turtle    
when will the time be right   
hey kid! do i have your attention?!
2011 graduation parties  laugh 
"i imagine the face that i miss, just wishing that we could kiss; immediately being able to tell, that it all will work so well   "
"happy fathers day!!!! i love my daddy, <propmale> <propmale>, he is awesome!  love  love "
been up for a few hours now    ugh 
we have the fire and the marshmallows but no gram crackers or chocolate; guess who is going to the store-- me 
i wish life wasn't so full of difficult decisions and weird situations   
i want to have fun like i did yesterday  smile  #bestsummerever
pool party  smile  #bestsummerever
church choir  smile 
"here comes the night, when i turn out the light, it's you i'm thinking of, my dreams are filled with love   "
"i give you everything i am, every broken heart beat    "
"you paste me in, just to cut me out   "
"i'll make sure to keep my distance, say i love you when you're not listening    how long can we keep this up?"
what are you supposed to do when you don't have a clue and you've traveled so far that you lost who you are?
"i'm thinking about cutting my hair to about shoulder length   suggestions or opinions? now if i was going to dye it again, what color?"
dead poets society  smile 
last <propmale> to give me your opinions! how short should i cut my hair? and any color suggestions?
"my hair has been cut    with the weight gone there has come a new freedom and sense of clarity, it seems my stress is lighter   "
going to meet #1 ufc champion <propfirst> <propfemale>!!  laugh 
"just got to train with <propfirst> <propfemale>, the #1 ufc champion!!  laugh "
best  dream  ever   love 
the winds blew my <propfemale> back to me today  smile 
look at the stars  look how they shine for you   
happy independence day!!!!  laugh 
d c  trip!!  playful 
dance party!!  playful 
getting a personal tour of the us capitol building by congressman eni f  h  faleomavaega!  laugh 
making our way back to <propfemale> from dc!!  smile  i had sooo much fun!
i had an amazingly epic weekend and i'm happy to be home but i'm super-duper tired!!  playful 
"no matter how long we have to be apart, i will keep this song forever in my heart  love "
ugh  i'm sick and it's horrible!  sad 
some lyrics came to me while doing homework    they are an awesome start to a new song  love 
i'm almost feeling completely over this stupid sick phase    #finally  laugh 
i have been up way too long    time for some sleep -_-
i just finished writing some lyrics  love 
i'm on a roll    today i wrote more #lyrics  love 
feeling a little off today   
"hopefully i won't find myself in a state of mind filled with \to be or not to be    \"""""
i'm watching my dogs fight over a pinecone hahaha  laugh 
when will the hero realize that the damsel is in distress?
an afternoon filled with <propfirst> depp as <propmale> <propfirst> de <propmale>  love 
"watching \battle: los angeles\"" with the family    it's my daddy's last day with us  annoyed """
having this pain in my chest   
i really need to find an answer to my #sleep problem     -§-
i like fluffy #pillows  love 
"after days of #heat, we have nights of #rain  love "
gotta love nights of #rain after days of #heat  love 
only one week of class left     smile 
hopefully tomorrow will be better    #goodnight  love 
"\   things fall apart; the center cannot hold; mere anarchy is loosed upon the world   \""   w b  yeats"""
"you can't live your life split, and always on the run  the time will come when you hit, that breaking point and it's done   "
some #random guy walked up to me in the book store; he ended up being pretty cool and his name is #bryanwilson  smile 
some #random guy walked up to me in the book store; he ended up being pretty cool and his name is #brianwilson  smile 
going crazy at #randzz  playful 
i feel all you feel and everything i've shared is real  i've given the highest e playful ectations to meet  i've given you every broken heart beat 
i need a #nap  ugh 
one time i played #tetris so much that i started having #dreams about it  playful 
officially a 2011 5 graduate nominee  smile  graduation is august 4th
"whenever i'm in lakeland high i feel like i'm in an alternate universe cause it's built like nansemond river high, but different colors   "
"\what if there is purple people?\"" hahaha  playful """
"\why would we want w's with wingull when wooper wants wailing wet wailmers with whooping wobbufett while wishing weedle was wacking weeds with woeing wailords?\"""""
#freetime= time to play my guitar  love 
listening to broken by seether ft  <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile  love it  love 
college application tests 
i'm here without you but you're still on my lonely mind  i think about you and i dream about you all the time    tonight its only you and me
who in their right mind gets up this early?! ugh  annoyed 
   when you love someone but it goes to waste    could it be worse?
i drove passed a cemetery this morning and they were digging a new grave    they're in a better place now
just finished my first day of college! woo! i made some new friends  love 
i'm just sitting in class and the monitors shake  that must have been that earthquake!
please people learn how to #merge - -
we've lost power
power is out and the rain keeps coming! playing games with the family  smile 
hooray for generators!!
"time spent, time lost  truth bent, but what's the cost? to lose, to regret  to abuse, all just to forget   "
mythical beasts only wear the mythical shoe  love 
"\i'd like to put you in this song and string you along   \"""""
"there's so much that i looked forward to, but it all changed one day, and now looking back is painful   "
"\i'm cutting off all the weights that brought me down this far   \"" -audiostrobelight"""
sick 
"still up thinking of the day to come, and wishing that the pain was numb  sleep deprived and afraid, for all the choices that must be made   "
at moments time seems to move on but with a wider gaze it appears to be still; waiting for you to come back so time can continue to play   
i hate being sick  ugh   annoyed 
mcr and blink-182 concert!!  playful 
"i witnessed a cop stop in the middle of the road and turn on his lights, stopping traffic, so he could get out of his car and get back in!"
hoping this temporary left-handedness ends some time soon  annoyed 
