3e2998b460feb30cd09c2d98c815c395
"i was the dd last night, had a blast, will post pictures later  it was fun watching everyone else act silly  ;o) got home by 1am! what a night! best nye ever   "
"resting today, might go to movies, watch \precious\"" can't wait to see what this year will bring!"""
"another peaceful, but freezing day in va  going to mall then church "
"ok so i was at the pool today and across from our seats, there were 4 new girls never seen them before, and they thought they were so cute!! lol i had to laugh of course, cuz they are not! lol just wanted to let you all know"
"well my poor jeep suffered another accident   and again, i was not driving it!! lol <propmale> is ok, and the kids - a cop witnessed the lexus cutting him off, so that was the good thing  my jeep suffered a broken tail light  minor stuff"
"well after my visit with dear friends and family, it is nice to say i'm back to my jogging and chilling out! it was like 15 days of company at the house   cant wait to hit the clubs, and lay by the pool again! missed you all "
"went to the pool today after a long day driving to baltimore, it was nice i took a nap, read my book on jerks, then swam a few laps    i missed you ladies "
"relaxed by the pool for 4 hours, then took my doggie for a 40 minute walk! now, nap time!"
the korean food was off the chain! cant wait to go back   
"i went to my first country bar last nigth, even though we are in dc, oh my god! rednecks everywhere! lol we had a blast, wish i could show you all a picture of the guy wearing a confederate flag tshirt! guys with cutuoff sleeves, thight fitted jeans, and "
"<propfemale>, you lucky dog! enjoy the beach, what the heck are you doing posting on fb? enjoy your vaca!"
"almost friday i know i cannot wait, have big plans for the weekend, clubbing, hitting the pool all day saturday and country bar!! lol should be fun - girls night out !"
"well after an awesome weekend, now its time to get back and hit the pavement! i'm going running today in this heat!  girls, had a blast on friday night! can't beleive how wild it was, and hopefully i'll remember my bb number, so i give the right number to the cute jamaican guy next time! lol <propfemale>, hope you are having a blast! ill be in pr soon, can't wait to say goodbye to the summer and welcome the fall!"
yes!! lol
"i had a wonderful time in puerto <propmale>, even though it was a short and busy trip  can't wait for next week!!!"
"you are mushy that's for sure! but yes i appreciate your friendship as well, you are a very sweet girl, stay sweet! and yes, we have to go to puerto <propmale> - the papi's are freaking gorgeous!!!  and always be true to  your friends    regardless if they dont want to hear the truth! ;o)"
"well another night of great fun    lucky for me, i was feeling great enough for a morning run, and my good deed of the day, helping my neighbors, move a huge couch to their new apt!"
"saw the final destination 3d today, it was awesome!! two people had to walk out, due to being a little too graphic! this was my first movie in 3d, it was worth it! if you have a weak stomach, don't go, wait for it on dvd "
"yes, i have to take <propfemale> for a walk he has 2 lbs to go! great, bootcamp will be more fun if someone else is there suffering and feeling the same pain as me!"
boy that sucks!!
"ok, our 2 hour workout today was a killer!  i need a nap!"
"had a nice relaxing sunday, went for a long walk along some trails and came back to the pool for some sun "
getting ready to go tdy-had a great night at the lux as always  a little sore from bootcamp class 
"another fun weekend in dc, it was crazy !"
"tired, <propfemale> left to tn, this morning, spent all day at the mall yesterday just talking and having girl time, sure are going to miss her ;o("
"long day today, had to take my dog to the vet, found out he has allergies! that is too funny to me!"
"saw law abiding citizen!! it was awesome! two sexy men, fighting the justice system! loved it!"
tgif!!! this has been a crazy week  cant wait for some fun w  the girls tonight! @ lux lounge!!!
"bored today, just planning to hit the treadmill and watch my fav  show  \the big bang theory\"""""
going to club lima in dc for some free salsa lessons! can't wait   
"well the salsa lessons were ok, too much touching w  the geek squad! did not like it at all, i only lasted like 10 minutes! lol but i did enjoy the open bar!"
"ready for the weekend    going to lux, then watching saw 6, then dressing up for halloween as a vampire!"
"in <propfirst>, nice weather, but still need to catch up on sleep, from saturday! had a blassstttt for halloween!! can't wait till next year!"
"in salt lake city, nice weather 65 degrees    can't wait to get back to dc, lux on friday!!!"
"back in dc! getting a pedi  mani today, getting ready for the weekend!"
tgif!!!!
saw christmas <propfirst> the movie    pretty cool in 3d!
"planning to relax and enjoy my day off tomorrow, happy veterans day!"
"going to the lux tonight!!! can't wait, showing my little married brother a good time, then tomorrow taking my sister-in law out to nicks!"
"went sightseeing today, nice weather, now tired    "
"feeling a little better, but a little sad, brother, niece, newphew and mom left my apt is back to being quiet, sure miss them rugrats!  sad "
"can't wait to eat some turkey, then lux baby!!!"
"glad to be back from my long out of country trip! lost my luggage, but it was all worth it  ill post pictures later    trying to get back to a normal time zone "
"slept for 5 hours today, feel better, now going to lux    can't wait to party w  da girls  "
"had another fun night! going to my office christmas party, cruising the potomac river     should be fun      surprise )"
"pulled a muscle on my back, walking around like an 80yearl old woman! lol hope the drugs kick in soon    hate this  "
slept for 12hours last night! feel much better    those were some good drugs!! ;o)
"wow, friday again    can't wait for the weekend    lux baby!!"
"wow what a night! it was fun, but got a little too drunk  not drinking like that again!"
"going to a christmas party, then dinner w  the girls!"
"catching up w  <propfemale> till wed! did some damage last night at the mall, did not know it was opened till 11pm all week!!!"
"<propmale> out with <propfemale>, <propfemale> and <propmale>, laughed for hours about stories from our past   "
going to the park w  <propfemale>    love their food and appletini's
"staying in    winter storm coming, drinking some cosmos' and watching queens of comedy!!!"
it is still snowing outside! staying inside playing w  my new kindle!
it's so pretty outside! the morning after the storm  lol
saw the movie avatar    awesome!
got jeep dugged out and getting ready for my trip - <propfemale> christmas to all my friends   ttyl
"i'm in iraq   staying in one of saddam's palaces, took pictures, will post when i get back   very gotti   lol"
"slept over 10 hours last night, feel so much better, well heading up north today, <propfemale> christmas everybody   hope you get some good gifts   i did!!! ;o)"
"back in dc, going through some mail, laundry then taking a nap! ill post pictures later   miss you all"
"slept from 730pm to 130am  going to work half a day, then hopefully sleep some more!"
watching the best ranger competition   on the military channel  their challenges are crazy!  (can't sleep) 0520
going to work then shopping for a new years <propfemale> dress!
"got home from work at 2pm and slept till 7pm! too tired to go shopping    yes, i said it    too tired to go shopping!!"
"slept all day monday, feel better, now ready to go shopping! lol and ready for nye!!"
"getting ready for a little get together at my place  hosting my first party! lucky for them, <propfemale> cooked everything, i bought the drinks!!!"
"we had a blast, played a game called catch a phrase   <propfemale> and i are unstopable!!!  lol"
happy new year to all my divas! bring on 2010    
happy new year everyone  on my way to party in dc!!!  open bar tonight  lol
"having a nice day, kicking it w  the girls, laughing about last night and watching sex in the city all episodes!! making gumbo for dinner!!"
"i've been watching season 5 of desperate housewives! love it!! yes, all 24 episodes!!"
"back at work, man it's cold in dc!!! start my new pt program!! can't wait!"
it is so darn cold! i can't wait for summer!
"ok can't decide, love them both!! need help, a or b (b is the bottom one)"
"omg, went to bootcamp last night   i am so feeling it this morning!"
"starting my weekend early, off tomorrow!!"
watching tough love with the girls   
going to bootcamp!! can't wait!!
"<propmale> is in town, going out, saw book of <propmale>, it was awesome!!!"
"getting home at 3am, <propmale> got drunk! even got sick! lol but we all had a great time!!!!"
"saw avatar 3d, again    love it!"
"its raining, very gloomy day!"
on my way to seattle!! should be fun
"nice weather in seattle, went to the market, fresh fish all over and fresh fruit "
"one more night in settle, weather is great, conference    too long!"
"my last night in seattle, got mani and massage done   it feels great!! back in dc friday!! can't wait!"
"nice day today, going for a long walk, movies then lux baby!!"
"took nik for a 1 1 2 hour walk!!! he did great!! poor little guy, he is a little pudgy right now, working on his new exercise program "
"long week, ready to dance the night away and drink a few martinis w  the girls    getting ready to celebrate my bday all month baby!! lmao"
"watching my fav  show, the tudos, very cold outside, snowing in dc  ;o("
"about to snow here again!! sucks! i just hope it doesnt snow this weekend, planning to party hard!!"
"omg, went to see some wild, sexy male dancers last nigth at legends in md   i was like a kid in a <propfemale> store!! loved it! can't wait to go back    wont tell how much money i spent   but oh was it worht it!! lmao"
it's snowing like crazy!! sucks    so much for partying this weekend for my bday!
http annoyed  www birthdayalarm com card 48056984a7745925  check this bday card   its funny!
it finally stopped snowing! it snowed over 25 inches!!! i bet we dont go to work monday! what a boring bday!
"another boring day, this sucks!!"
no work today and i still cant dig my jeep out! lol
"i cant wait for this coming weekend, partying thursday till sunday!!! since we have monday off, then off to miami to see papi   lol"
this weather is awlful    i think i'm suffering from cabin fever!!!
no work tomorrow   another day locked up in the house! sucks   
"<propfemale> outside, cant wait hope to get out of the house   "
relaxing after a fun nite!! laughed and dance so much my abs and legs are sore!
happy valentines day!!!
"back to work tuesday    only one more day , the off to miami for vaca!!!"
"back to work, still sick   had a fun time in miami, even though i was sick the entire time "
tgif!!
"had a wonderful time at lux- like always, walked 3 <propmale> w <propfemale>    poor baby he was so tired!!! lol"
"got new hair cut today, went shopping, now at home   cant wait to watch the movie \precious\"""""
saw precious   man that movie was so so sad!!!! you all have to watch it!
"back in dc from boston, not impressed   at all "
"chilling this sunday  next weekend, <propfemale> and jaden will be here! (3 and 4year old) my first easter w  them cant wait to take them shopping for their easter basket    no! no coloring eggs    lol too messy"
"on wed, i went to the whitehouse for a tour, it was awesome!!!"
"took <propfemale> and jaden to see the easter <propfemale>    all by myself! it was an e playful erience    then shopping, for some play clothes  "
"went for a 6 mile jog today, it was awesome!! weather was so awesome!! 80's baby!"
"weather is so nice!!! can't wait till lux on friday, and dance w  <propfirst>!!!!!"
so <propfirst> was a no show but we had so much fun at the lux anyway!!! pictures will follow    
"went to mount <propfirst> trail, historic sites of <propfirst> washington, didnt have enough time to go to the mansion    it was awesome, cant wait to go back and finish all the other sites "
"saw movie why did i get married too, it was awesome!!! very nice twist at the end    you all must go!"
"going for another run, then taking my dog for long walk, then doggy park and mingle w  the neighbors"
going to boot camp -well to the ab workout only - ill run before that   lol
"going for a run, then ready to go to the lux baby!! can't wait, its been a long week!"
"no lux, we decided to stay in, drink wine and watch movies  just us girls!!"
"went for a 7 mile run today, then movies \death in a funeral\"" too funny!! now getting ready for lux!!"""
"visiting ft eustis    love it down here, so nice, hoping to go to va beach tomorrow and hit the williamsburg's outlets!!"
back home- visit w  niece and nephew ends   get my apt back to just me and my dog!! lmao the peace and quietness of single life  surprise )
"took my army physical fitness test (apft), scored 275 out of 300! i guess now i can enjoy one juicy, and greasy cheeseburger! five guys here i come!! ;o)"
"i will be leaving to <propmale> this weekend, see mom! ;o)"
"back from <propmale>, got my niece's ears piereced, that was an adventure!! it was great hanging w  mom for 3 days   but glad to be back home"
happy mothers day to all my beautiful friends that are mothers   
got my new iphone today!! luv it
"going out tonight back to the lux, after 3 weeks, gosh i hope the bouncers remember us, and we dont have to stand in line like the common folk !! lmao  surprise )"
went to lux  we cut the line lol but the dj sucked! we left by 1230am!!!! have to find new <propfemale> out  on my way to atl
"went to lux, we walked right in lmao  it was a bad night  dj sucked  oh well  on my way to hot atlanta !!!"
in hot atlanta ! nice weather but cant wait to get back home!!!!! party w da girls friday night
on my way home today !!!!
going to the park on 14th street   no lux tonite  need a change of club scene 
had fun last night went to lux and the park! now going for a long run! burn off the drinks ;0)
ran six <propmale> today feel great! then off to smoothy <propmale> for dinner  yummy
"tgif!! well , not really friday, but ill be off for the next 4 days, and my papi is coming this weekend!! yeah!!"
doing sex on the city movie tonight  w da girls !!!
sex in the city 2 was awesome!!
"relaxing by da pool today, before <propfirst> grlets here today! ;0)"
had a nice day walking dc
went to pool today for four hours!! feeling the burn now  papi back in miami  had a great time 
chillin going to vegg out infront of tv
getting pedi mani done today and hopefully va beach bound tomorrow night!!
"got my irobot -roomba today   its so cool!! love it  totally cleans under the bed, and other hard to reach spots  best part, <propfemale> doesnt bark or chases it!!"
"just got done running 6 <propmale> in 90 degree   felt good!!!! now back at work, and then va beach baby!!!!"
at va beach  it's a <propfemale> day !!!!!
"back in dc, rain, rain and more rain    but hey <propfemale> is in town, catching up with my bff!!!"
"omg, just ran 8 <propmale>! almost got sick at the end of the run! now back to work, feel like taking a nap!"
eating salvadorian food for dinner  so good 
going to baltimore for dinner w da girls
in salt lake city  it's chilly and raining  think i'm gettin sick ;0( hate it
flying back to dc!! can't wait to see my baby!! (4 legged baby ) lol
home sweet home  made it right at midnight 
it's official  i'm sick w 100 temp  resting all day  throat is killing me 
still sick! but heading out to kansas city this thursday see family 
hanging out by the pool back from kansas city 
feeling better  ran 6 <propmale> yesterday and today just hitting the gym  can't wait for friday  going to lux!!! it is been over a month !!
"omg it's hot, ran 4 <propmale> during lunch    love this weather, as long as doesnt rain and lose power"
chilling by the pool today  it's 99 degrees today 
"brother w  kids visiting till wed!! fun, fun  ;o)"
bath time became interesting when my dog jumped in the bath to be with the kids lol 
watching eclipse tonight! off tomorrow then off to miami for a week!!
just got done running 6 <propmale>  found new route from <propmale> memorial to arlington cemetary back to mt <propfirst> trail!!
miami bound !! hope it's not raining all week like it says on weather com lol 
happy 4th of july!!! lets remember this day and all of out fallen heroes  lets not take our freedom for  granted 
i'm finally in miami beach y'all!!!  water is warm and a cloudy day  but is nice
"found the outlet mall in <propmale> baby!! gonna do some dammage!! last night went to a new restaurant first nigh open and they had no martinis, so we left after a vodka and cranberry"
heading back to miami  <propmale> was fun went of changs last night  my first time  loved it  have plenty of leftover  best part  they had apple martinis !!! lol 
at south beach miami  restaurant called the carlyle  sittin outside enjoying the mojito and view ;0)
chillin at home today  just watching my recorded <propfirst> springer lmao
going for a run then pool   a nice chill weekend 
<propfirst> new hair cut!!
<propfemale>'s new haircut
found an old picture in dec 1990  with my best friends and brother <propmale>
"going to legends tonight!! cant wait!!!!! no cameras allowed, so no photos  surprise ("
what a better day to break up with your bf then the day of you and your girls are going to see male strippers!! lol it is on!!!
legends was awesome!!! 3 hours and 12 sexy dancers  now wednesday is hump day!! lol
"brother w  niece and newphew are on their way !! can't wait to see them and hear them say <propfemale> this, <propfemale> that    lol"
going out to dc clubbing on a friday night  can't wait  it has been at least 3 weeks
omg had such a blast last night!! can't wait to go back !!
"just got home, been at the pool for 7 hours!! need a nap!"
guess what? just got me a m350 <propfemale> benz!!! pictures will follow 
"tonight i went to dinner at the woman's memorial museum at the arlington cemetery  gen (ret) shisenkie was there and some other members of congress, it was awesome to see devote a dinner for women veterans, and hear stories from retired female generals  it was awesome    and very humbling "
on my way to indianapolis  be back tomorrow to party w da girls  can't wait!!! going to camp atterbury  not so nice 
on my way home!! going to a wine tasting party then lux  it was nice seeing you destria!!
"ran 6 <propmale> today, love running the mt <propfirst> trail to dc and back    so relaxing  then went to see cats and dogs movie w  my niece and newphew  very cute!!"
at the pentagon all today for meetings  (boring) looking fwd to thursday  going to the park on 14th street a nice chill club then va beach and bush gardens  can't wait 
"just got done running 6 <propmale> during lunch, and made a date w  a hottie!!! lmao \life is good!! leaving to va beach tonight!!! girls weekend!!"
"on my way back to dc, nice relaxing weekend! went to bush gardens, outlets, mall and the beach had some awesome crab legs  life is good!"
it's hump day!!! can't wait for the weekend !!
on my way to atl  weather not helping  flight delayed already  sucks 
on my way home and go to my apt complex pool party last year it was awesome  hope it's the same today 
it's monday   surprise ( can't wait for friday!! lmao
checking out a new club  international night tonight  hope is good  can't wait to do some bachata and reggeton  ;0)
"what a long week, so much happening, can't wait to just chill out with the girls at our favorite spot the lux     lol then lay out by pool this weekend  life is good"
chilling by the pool today 
"four day weekend coming up!! can't wait, will hit dc for some sight seeing , <propmale>'s mall and the outlets  then a nice cookout with friends - life is good "
"went to national cathedral on friday, very beautiful church, over 20 stories high, 10 stories inside, took 83 years to build  "
"saturday went to national harbor   got a little headache after boat ride, but it was worth it "
going for a six mile jog before we go to cook out today!! i already know i'm pigging out so now i can eat guilt free  lol
took nik for a three mile run walk instead  lol here he is  worn out
started my two college classes today  a lot of reading to do !!!!
"taking <propfemale> to the vet today  he won't be happy lol  i trick him, we walk the isles of petsmart first pick a bone pay for it then walk next door to vet office lol"
i had to leave him there  be back for him in one hour  he is getting the works!!! poor baby he is going to be p o !!
here he is enjoying his treat
going out to the lux  can't wait  get to see my <propmale> <propfirst> before he goes on deployment
"had a fun and relaxing weekend, now back to the real world "
"taking a road trip this weekend to somewhere inpennsylvania    with my girl <propfemale>!! can't wait, never been in <propfemale> before "
so after my jog at lunch and then a work out with weights  i deserve some yummy salvadorean food at my favorite restaurant  lol  <propfemale> goood  if i could cook like this i would be in trouble  lol
i am now in <propfemale>
"up for a morning walk, since i forgot my running shoes  look at that view"
going for a walk along twin lakes  since i forgot my running shoes
"at a wedding in <propfemale>  people dancing to a song named \save a horse ride a cowboy!\""  too cute"""
"cant wait for this weekend, ill be going to nyc!!!"
made it to the bronx! walking to corner for a slice of pizza  yummy
"went to manhattan for our 5k cancer walk then went to central station, then times square now back home  feel like i walked for eternity"
on my way back to dc  i had a blast 
check out my ny photos 
"only tuesday     gosh, can't wait for the weekend  "
"just got done w  homework and quiz, got a 100% on my quiz, finally, after i failed one two weeks ago! lol"
"hey fellow soldiers, please look for <propfirst> thompson ccwo ar <propfemale> and click the like button    lets put the word out!! lol he is on my likes"
just got done running 8 <propmale>  awesome weather today in dc  now running errands then october fest bbq   yummy 
after all that awesome food i have to go to bed early on a saturday night too tired to go out ;o(
weekend is over! looking fwd this short week! then going to kings dominion next sat for fright night with some cool peeps 
"bought my tickets for kings dominion this weekend !! can't wait, going for the fright night halloween event!!"
"four day weekend, yay!!! gonna try to run 10 <propmale> on friday  hope i make it my pt test is next wed!!!!"
"staying in tonight, resting up for a run then kings dominion freight night !! can't wait"
in phoenix this weekend  weather is awesome  90 degrees  love it 
"after a long weekend, i'm back home  so nice to sleep in your own bed, even though i am trying to get use to the time zone change! heading to ny on thursday then hopefully all you can eat crab fest with the girls!!  surprise )"
just got me a new toy  got me an ipad for school and personal biz lol
"went to the army ten miler for 3rd time   it was awesome!! got some good goodies, no i did not run this year, maybe next!"
"watch the video of people dancing cupid shuffle, at the finish line!"
what a week! can't wait  fri night  lux baby!!
"omg my head hurts this morning!! lmao too much grand marnier w  cranberry!! had fun, even went to ihop afterwards   surprise )"
"now, i will try to go run 6 <propmale>, i just hope i dont get sick   surprise )"
just got done w final of one of my college classes  glad is over  now i can enjoy watching <propmale> and desperate housewives
about to watch saw 6!!! love it 
it's raining  ;0(
nice fall day today in va  about to go for 6mile run during my lunch hour  ;0)
ok so i wimped out  only ran 4  too cold running by river ;0)
going to see for color girls today  i heard is awesome  i love <propfirst> <propfirst> movies 
omg saw for colored girls  awesome  very moving  then saw due date i can't remember when i laughed so hard it's funny 
happy veterans day to all the vets
cant wait for friday    this week has been a crazy one 
"the movie \unstoppable \"" is awesome!!  it's a must see!!! heading out to nashville tomorrow   can't wait!!! i'm having my niece and nephew open all of their christmas presents since i won't be there for xmas     can't wait will post pictures later!!"""
hitting the road to nashville 
just had a nice meal w the fam and <propmale> a hs friend haven't seen him in 20 yrs !!!  lol
my 4 yr old niece playing w the ipad  that's why i got them one for xmas  they are total naturals on it 
eating at famous daves  bbq  check <propfemale> tear that corn on the cob
ready for another work week  had a fun leave in nashville  but that is a long drive!!! will fly next time  lol
its friday!!
is sunday!  went to a 2 hour zumba class it was a lot of fun  then church now dinner w friends  life is good
"the photo below says \dear <propfemale> bring me what i want for christmas or prancer and dancer are next \""   lol"""
it's friday and i have a cold! sucks! well at least i have alot of shows recorded on my dvdr     specailly <propfirst> springer! it cracks me up!!!
i'm at the army pharmacy and some civilians are singing christmas songs  aaawww i hate that  lol  yeah i know im the grinch's baby he never knew about  lol   i hate christmas music or people sing it 
got accepted for the <propfemale> <propfemale>'s 10 miler! cant wait!!
it is 3 degrees- with the wind  omg
its snowing!! can't wait to get home and just chill  watching <propfirst> <propfirst>!! lmao
"omg had a blast at the office christmas party, trying to stay awake now    till we get released!"
just got home from our christmas party we were cruising the river in the washington dc spirit!
on our way to another two  christmas parties   life is good!!!
"as of today i'm going on a 3 day diet!! lol we had so much food at both parties that we were so full, we weren't even drinking!! lmao all i wanted to do was get home and sleep! man ive never eaten so much in my life    glad i'm running that ten miler   or else i would be in trouble!"
hey just turned in my final exam for social psychology!! i'm done w  school till 3 <propfirst> 
watching a soldiers story on cnn  pretty cool stories of some of our young soldiers going through war and basic training 
just bought my new years ticket for lux!!  website is working!!! you that are going to go website and get your ticket!
"last day at work, going on leave to <propmale>, co tomorrow for 5 days!! nope i wont ski, just <propfemale> out w  mom and eat some awesome salvadorian food, will worry about pt when i get back!!  surprise )"
look what <propfemale> brought me!! my own keurig!!!
hey i'm logged in via ipad 30000 feet flying to <propmale>  gotta love technology
made it to moms now enjoy some home cooked meals and get spoiled lol
<propmale> navidad!! weather in <propmale> is nice  mid 40's no snow  very <propfemale>!
on my way home tomorrow  was sick all day today w tummy ache  think eating all that food got me 
on my way to airport  hope flights to dc are not canceled !!!
"well my flight to atl is good to go, let's hope my flight to dc is also gtg!!!! having a light breakfast now  after being sick yesterday can't risk it  lol"
now in in atl and my 320 flight is canceled !! trying to find out more info 
"in atl got the 520 flight,my 320 was cancelled  now just waiting to board "
i just landed!!! yay
i want to wish all my fb friends a happy new year  2011 watch out !! ;0)
heading out to <propmale> for a few days   can't wait- tdy not all fun!! lol
what a week  in ready for a day off 
65degrees in <propmale> today !!'
"back home, just chilling listening to some old jamz, cleaning house and doing psychology homework!!  life is good   going to spanish mass later "
it is very cold in the dc va area  hope we don't get hit w the snow storm  ;0(
hey verizon users  have you heard? iphones will be with verizon starting this week!! now att has competition 
it's snowing!! we were released at 2!!
it's pretty chilly here today but the snow is gone for now!! cant wait <propmale> (brother) will be here tomorrow to celebrate his bday 
walking around dc like a tourist in the cold!' lol
<propmale> is <propmale> drunk!! lmao  tradition continues  lol 1224am 
not having a good day  my precious dog is at the vet  he went to doggy daycare and came back sick  they are keeping him all day and run blood work  not my fav thing
oh yeah <propmale> is <propmale> over  lmao he was hugging the toilet for 2 hours last night  lol no i did not take pictures  i'm a nice sister ;0)
<propfemale> is home  see his battle wound? has a follow up next friday  they don't know what is wrong  but he seems almost back to normal self
just finished watching the movie machete !! it was funny as heck 
had a fun weekend w little brother  now have to get ready for school work and work  fun fun  ps my dog is doing better  thank u to those that stood by listening to my whining 
gonna start doing px90 workout today  lol see how tough that is i'll let you know later  ;o)
"ok, i've done two workouts of the px90, its awesome! feel it on every inch of my body!! lol"
"going on week 2 of p90x!!! pretty cool stuff, yes , still hurts"
"on my way back from <propfemale> beach  very cold, but it was nice to see, hear and smell the ocean  ;0)"
monday we start 3rd week of p90x
ran 6 <propmale> this morning beautiful weather outside! low 40 but not <propfemale> 
going to lux tonight  pre bday celebration  can't wait 
"thank you guys!! just getting home went to fast eddies  it was latino night  my feet ate killing me!! we danced for 4 freaking hours  who doesn't love reggeton and bachatas \i had a blast  now i can just chill on my bday "
thank you all for the wishes  it was a nice day  now back to reality  my 4th week of p90x!
it's friday !!! ;0)
we are at the famous dc cupcakes  this is the line to get in!!!! lol these better be good
just ran 6 <propmale> lol had to after eating two dc cupcakes
happy valentines to all my girlfriends!! girlpower!!   surprise )
doing my 5 th week of p90x! omg im hurting!! lol
for those that have been mobilized and stationed at the fobs  this will make sense of their stupid rules  lol 
just saw uknown it was awesome 
the movie the mechanic with <propfirst> stathman is awesome ! no dumb luv story  just great fighting n shooting scenes !!  lol i don't like chick flicks  can u tell ;0)
at movies  about to watch hall pass  hope is funny
"went to cheesecake factory and did not like my meal! very disappointed  i was good though, i left the cheesecake alone!"
so i got my first flat tire  lol hit a curb  i have to leave the donut on till my tire comes in on wed  i am not driving it anywhere !! looks so sad lol
i got my car back to normal  lol
had fun at happy hour tonight! fun times at club babylon lol
on my way  home sweet home  it sucks traveling when you are sick!
just bought my ticket for my puerto rican vacation!!! is done i'm going  lol can't wait  our all girls trip no boys allowed  ( till we get to island of course ) lmao 
just saw rango with my niece and nephew  very cute but too long !! lol
taking the fam to the pentagon for lunch!
happy st <propfirst> day!  too bad i can't join in on the drinking  gave it up for lent !
panera for dinner !! love the greek salad  is the best 
"on my way to louisville,ky! can't wait to be back sunday lol "
actual moonshine from ky !!!
hey i won a ausa watch that was being raffled at conference
heading back home !!! weather here in ky is nice  military ball was very entertaining  they had a comedian at the dining out  very funny 
just landed in dc  long day just traveling
going for a run
according to my nike+ i ran 5 <propmale> in 51:48 minutes !! not bad  now i have double that in 2 weeks!! lol
"so this is a phot from last tdy trip,"
going to kickboxing class tonight @ la boxing in arlington va!! lol  can't wait  got one free class  of course i will check out the hotties then decide to sign up!! lol i mean i will see how strenuous of a workout it is then sign up 
ok i bought a one year membership  that one hour was a killer!! i loved it reminded me of basic training and wocs ! i got pink gloves !!
on my way to kingstown ny !! be back tomorrow and party at the lux  can't wait
going to one meeting then airport !!
made wrong turn  ended up driving on this bridge lol  13 00 on tolls !!
going to a martial arts class  lol cant wait!! kickboxing was a lot of fun  hope this one is too! this one is 90 minutes long  at least i have the weekend to re coupe lol
omg the mall was crowded! got some cute shoes and yankee candles  now do some homework before going out dancing tonight !
just getting home from fast eddies  got to punch a guy on his back for trying to grab my friends booty!!  ha !  i enjoyed punching him  !! he didn't say s!!!
"went to church now just chill, study and get ready for the work week  no tdy this week!"
went to kickboxing and had energy to run for 30 minutes after class! now i'm ready to pass out!  i guess drinking some 5 hour  shot does work!!! lol
"what a day! can't wait to get pedi done, go home and do nothing!"
we are at vet foe yearly check up  he lost 2lbs from last visit in <propfirst> when he got sick! check out his pix
"it's friday!! i'm staying in tonight, but tomorrow is the park for a hairshow till 10 then lux baby!!"
in dc picking up my <propfemale> <propfemale> run stuff 
"on my to atl but for a long conference no time for fun, the weather is suppose to be nice and i will be inside in a conference room ;0("
"this is our view from rest  having lunch  weather is nice bueford, ga"
