c781671c1a651d3505f35b2f6596c4f2
tape the lies shut and watch em burn  wink 
"another bowl, another cashed hit  lol and so the war continues"
"<propfemale>, dry your watered eyes "
where's the love?
won't you lay down and make me smile 
because this cold-hearted <propfemale> doesn't let anything get to her     until she's alone
"jj's asleep, <propfirst>'s getting there   going to lake <propfirst> in the morning with the family     lets just hope all goes well  keep those fingers crossed for me! its gonna be a rough day "
the lake went surprisingly well  and i'm completely 100% in love with austen!! its too bad we're on our way home already 
"i decided to start going back to church  after all, what is soul that doesn't have beliefs?"
just got back from church and lunch  its been a good day  things are finally starting to get better smile 
don't think its your just cuz you marked it with your urine! lol
"me: \just one night of dreamless sleep and i'll be fine  \""\",c781671c1a651d3505f35b2f6596c4f2,cooking lunch for the syblings and about to watch pretty in pink  i love this rain!!!  smile 
people around here just don't know how to appreciate something good 
i'd give anything for hug right now 
i'm fighting for a lost cause    i really don't know what to do 
"i'm about to cook some breakfast  bacon, eggs, and french toast! yum  smile "
"and all i can remember is the way you moved your body, and how your lips never said no "
"seriously, learn how to care before everything that cares about you leaves "
"just got back from driving, i finally know how to drive a standard!  smile "
"i also got my phone, if you need the new number let me know smile "
"with heart shaped bruises  and late night kisses, devine  \ smile "
"when you act like you don't care, and you talk like you don't care  it generally means you don't care "
i hope everyone's day is going great  smile 
"we'll do the things that lovers do  \ smile "
i adore those sweet nothings and empty promises 
how about i just stop talking to you at all? because that sounds alot simpler right now!
"your standing on the top of my shoes, your keeping me from gaining ground "
"for some reason i can't help but smile when you cross my mind \ smile "
"hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea \ smile "
you have no idea how bad i need a hug right now   
"i must say, love is such an over rated word "
ever feel like all you need is a hug to keep from falling apart?
thought of you as everything i've had but couldn't keep 
the words spoken still linger in my ear
"i can't remember the last time i smiled this much \ smile  haha  smile "
"sometimes i feel so happy, sometimes i feel so sad  sometimes i feel so happy, but mostly you just make me mad  baby, you just make me mad "
its just <propfemale> and the beach thats why its salty when we kiss   wink 
"hello, i miss you quite terribly  \ smile "
"it was good what we did yesterday, and i'd do it once again "
"survive slowly, it means you can get over it eventually  so that's what i'll do, i'll survive slowly "
you knew you had to leave and couldn't stay  be strong for me and i'll be strong for you  cause lately i've been tired and uninspired 
"just be honest, its actually quite easy  smile "
its too bad they don't really try to let talk 
i just really need some down time 
 smile  i just wanna smile 
"and love, love will tear us apart"
pretzel m&m's are so much better frozen!  smile 
lonely and dreamin of the west coast 
"someday i'll be long gone, and i can't wait for that day  \ smile "
"oh dear, thats quite a double standard you've got "
watching remember me    its a perfect movie to watch when you want to cry without being bugged by questions 
i wish that could be botanical 
 smile  sunshine and bubbles! but i do wish this head ache would go away 
"i don't feel too happy    wish i could just go somehwere, anywhere   "
great day ahead   smile  gonna go catch a few new flix at the movies 
its just a never ending love story 
there are very few of us who have heart enough to be really in love without encouragement 
"its my turn to sit at home and plot the death of <propfemale> the e playful lorer! lol its been a great day with the kids, i can't wait for them to fall asleep though!! i've been cooking and i smell like butter and vanilla haha  smile "
"i can't believe my flyin flamingo is leaving!!!!! <propfemale>, you'll always be flyin high with me "
i've got a terribly short attention span! it will be the end of me 
my back hurts!!!! where's <propfirst> with a massage when you need him!? but at least my feet feel kinds of better  smile 
i soooo wish i could go to buzzfest!
i absolutely hate when you know i'm completely upset and you can't find one thing to say   
some things are better left burried and forgotten 
"i'm just a wallflower    i see things, keep quiet about them, and i understand "
vice president jannah at your service  lol but i still couldn't win a beauty contest to save my life! its been a great day!!!  smile 
the bottom line is this: we accept the love we think we deserve 
"lol we really do accept what we think we deserve, that sure does say alot about us "
"if you don't look for it, you won't find it  so i think its time i stop looking  smile "
"it was a great day laid back with my babe, deffinately my favorite kind of day ( annoyed now i'll watch the office and try to catch some sleep "
"all in all, its been a good day  people just need to understand that: we accept the love we think we deserve  that seriously just sums it all up "
i'm soooo tired! and i'm sick of being home  i seriously need to get a job or busier life 
"what a sweet, amazing, loving, tiredly exhausted boyfriend i have  no sarcastic tone was intended, i just seriously hate how tired he is after work but he really is amazing  smile "
i've had a great week! thinking about going to the football game later?? hmmmm not sure though  i really just want to relax 
i swear you can't rely on anyone but yourself these days! i'm two seconds away from ripping someones head off! i seriously need to relax before i break something 
"thank peace for yoga! i feel lesss like trash now, i think a nice long run will make me feel better, so when i get back that's what i'm gonna do  i hope everyone else has a good day smile "
its gonna be a great day  smile 
lol its amazing how quickly i can get over things 
"don't play me for the fool, even though i'm just a fool for you "
"everything is conditional, you just can't always anticipate the conditions "
i just wanna have a good day  whats so bad about that   
"oh my peace! what a friggin night! it was great fun  laugh  \and it was a long night, but i know what i need to do     annoyed  \but it still gets a  smile   ??? yea, sooo confusing  smile  but i'm staying optimistic "
"oh dear peace, we've got a complication "
hmmmmm     ?           
"funnel cake sticks and vanilla shakes are sooooo yummy  smile  \you have no idea how bad i wanted some, i was seriously dreaming of them, and i finally got some today!!!"
"this day couldn't have been more satisfying  \ smile  hmmm well maybe in one way     lol"
don't you just love the thrill of a good show!
oh my peace! i friggin love that silly kid! haha
gotta love life  its so    unpredictable!  smile 
"\love     love    oh love will tear us apart again \""\",c781671c1a651d3505f35b2f6596c4f2,"sometimes its hard to do the right thing  even when you know something's wrong, its not always easy to stop it "
"me annoyed so mike-o! what ya want for lunch?\""\",c781671c1a651d3505f35b2f6596c4f2,i'm pretty dang happy right now!  smile 
"i really do think i deserve a role in the play    but i still had a good day, thanks to him  smile "
i'm sensing a twinge of jealousy from the unwanted bitchy twat   smile  get over your self 
i wish <propfirst> lennon was still here  i love that man!!!
"hmmmm well someone's off to a bad start this morning  ( annoyed i certainly feel bad for what your gonna hear later "
do i hear a sizzle!?!!? oohhh snap!!! lol i love you tate and <propfemale>! i'll sing to cheetos with you any day!!!  wink 
"darling, forever is a long time  and time has a way of changing things "
what a lovely day  smile 
ice cream!!!!! hmmmm i want some  laugh 
just let the music speak for yourself 
my day just got a whole lot more bright  smile 
i made tortillas!!! i can already tell it's gonna be a great day  laugh 
"registered for the sat today ( annoyed wooooaaah! i'm growin up (tear)"
yawn  life is so boring! lol kinda    not really!!!  smile 
i made oreo cookie balls!!!! yummy! what a delicious day!
sometimes one person can have a bigger affect on you than you could ever imagine   
its the best day of the year!!! happy halloween smile 
i could just disappear   
"when routine bites hard, and ambitions are low, and resentment rides high, but emotions won't grow, and we're changing our ways, taking different roads    love, love will tear us apart  again "
"why yes, that's mine  look, it even has my name on it!  smile "
"time passes, and people change  just because you don't know them now doesn't mean you shouldn't be happy to have known who they were "
its all giggles and smiles! lol if only that were true    
"i'm watching the rocket's game  mom starts sayin \get the ball damn it! get the ball!\"" so haleigh looks at the tv and says \""get the ball!!! get it!\"" lol i love that kid """
"whispers, \hello i miss you quite terribly\"" """
"i like this cold, but i'd really love some snow!  smile "
i could go for a milkshake right now 
"eventually, we all have to let go "
me and <propmale> are some undefeated champs! lol
"one wrong move, and it all e playful lodes "
"i would care, but that requires me to care  and i just don't care about that "
"so sat tomorrow, and then relaxation  i will fininish all in the mountain of homework i have tonight     maybe lol  smile "
"the sat was cake! lol now time for homework! ugh, do i ever get to relax?"
well i guess i do love a lot of things  including hot cocoa!!!! lol i seriously want some now 
"i'm soooooooo tired! stress runs my life, and even though that sucks, i still love my life  smile "
"time to write an essay  just rember this is all helping me reach my goal   tams is where i'm headed, i just have to stay focused   smile "
so many exams    time to study study study!
time goes by so fast 
one year  i can definately believe that 
playin blacks ops about to watch a movie with <propfemale> and <propfirst>   smile 
"liar, liar  i hope you burn in a fire!"
the t is stiff!!
"thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday! it was good and no worries, i had to save room to party tonight! lol everyone should deffinately party a little too hard tonight  smile "
"\love will crumble beneath the weight of confession \"""""
"when i was cooking breakfast, haleigh calls me and says, \<propfirst> cryin  i no love her when she cry \"" while <propfirst> tells me haleigh made her cry  lol kids  smile """
i wish so bad for <propfemale> to be here with me  i miss my fellow flyin flamingo    nobody else gets the craziness that is me 
maybe its ok for things to end on a bad note  maybe thats how it should be 
you can choke on a dirty sock for all i care   smile 
better to be alone than badly accompanied 
i feel amazing!!!
i need to buy more tea!!!!! i'm almost out!!!!
i'm consentrating on falling apart   smile 
"sometimes there's just nothing left to say, and you know its over and time to let go "
"<propfirst> is ok, tennis was fun, and now i'm watching glee!! and oh my cheese!!!! they're singing a song by the love of my life!!!!! <propmale> marley!!!! officially a great day  laugh "
no tennis today    but i love tennis!!!! its so fun and smile worthy 
talk about an amazing day  smile 
some people stay in our lives only for a while but leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same 
damn  some guys just need to grow a few inches    lmao  smile 
live to smile  smile 
i don't think i did bad    i probably just failed lol good times   
i've been told that love is two people who know their faults and still love each other anyway 
it's just another night spent wondering who you'll end up with at the end of the night 
"another sunday of cooking, cleaning, and black ops  smile "
tomorrow is haleigh's birthday! i can't believe she's already gonna be 3! i feel so old 
"it's ironic that we ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones that hurt us and hurt the ones that love us "
"i guess i fell in love with our friendship, and knew it was never meant to be more than that "
"it's one of those days that no matter how many people show they care, you still feel completely uncared for "
it feels so great outside today! i'm thinking three <propmale> for my daily run  smile 
"sure i might fill your heart with \love\""    but eventually i'll rip your heart out and tear it to pieces  but it'd be completely unintentional    well for the most part   """
"so there's this cow and it's best friend is a cat, and they love to <propfemale> out with dogs  lol why do i have so many animals?"
"yes, i am a cheesehead because they knocked the eagles out of the superbowl lol go greenbay!"
jordy <propmale> needs to be fired for missing 5 passes at a superbowl game!
thats why i'm a cheese head lol i friggin love you <propmale> jennings!
"a day when all you want is someone to talk to, but you don't know what to say "
never quite completely attainable 
the words just won't come to my head 
"every time that smile starts feeling real, something happens and the next smile feels faker than ever before "
so me and <propfemale> just realized our celebrity couple name would be <propfemale> <propfirst>!!! lol
"we've done the whole lost and apart thing, so all that's left is happy and together  smile "
perfectly flawed 
sick and still working hard  smile 
going out with the family  smile 
"love sick? well my diagnosis would be more like love cancer, and terminal "
"got that two-hand forehand down, future mixed doubles champ right here lol  smile "
people that don't know me should keep my name out of their mouths 
1st place in mixed doubles constellation  smile 
illuminate your eyes!
haleigh talks like she knows something  she three!
"lots of mini golf today, smoothies, nail shop, being yelled at by <propfemale>, <propfirst>'s party, <propfirst> jumping off a moving car, <propfirst>'s, and <propfemale>'s super happy she saw <propfirst> today  <propfemale> kinda almost killed us, don't deny it! lol all in all a pretty frakin great day "
"\jannnnnnahh you eat those chips!\""\",c781671c1a651d3505f35b2f6596c4f2,"janelle: \the music on there is retarded \"" brother: \""why?\"" janelle: \""cuz ummm hmmm i like it   \"""""
desparately in need of sleep 
we can commit the perfect crime  i'll steal your heart and you steal mine  smile 
poo on your shoe 
"you should know, i know you're a liar "
"oh of course! just because my name is all over it doesn't mean it's mine, i totally forgot about that saying "
