8c084ad8152fd02b898926143c92bd0c
"bite me, bitches!"
does not want to go back to work tomorrow!!!
http annoyed  www regiftable com regiftingrobinpopup html this is creeping me out!!!
has to work from 315 to 1015 in havre de grace 
is tired      
has to go to work again at 315
i wish that <propmale> collectors would just starting giving me money instead of asking for mine 
"is going to lunch with my sister <propfemale>, stepdad <propmale>, and my hubby!"
jojoba
is feeling super smart today!!!
so aggravated!!! was going to take picture of my stick figure family made of twisty ties but my camera is dead!
thinking about going to the hospital after work  my stomach still hurts!
"saw a license plate that said \lasagna\"" on the way home from work  haha"""
just took the hubby out to dinner and went grocery shopping  now doing stupid school work!
my husband is my best friend but he drives me crazy sometimes!
"did you say \you're an eight\"" or \""urinate\""?"""
"got a new phone! if you want the number, send me a message "
i know you're jealous of my last name! hehe
i got my car yesterday!!!
is tired of absent minded people! i miss being chauffered around 
today is my 1 year anniversary! i can't believe i've been married a whole year already!
getting my industrial pierced today!
got my industrial pierced earlier  it hurt like a bitch!
speaking english with an accent is not going to help any non-english speaking people understand you  it just makes you look stupid 
"bitch, keep talking shit  we'll see who comes out on top "
so tired  i was actually tired enough to debate wrecking my car to get out of working 
"if masturbation is a sin, why did god make your arms long enough to reach it?"
stupid bitches never learn 
i've learned that arguing with the clinically insane will get you nowhere 
"just donated blood  work from 3:15 to 10:15  got a new number  if you want it, send me a message "
i really hope it doesn't snow at all! i have to work all weekend!
"moving tomorrow! i can't wait! i really hope it doesn't rain  going to do my walk through now, then to work "
"if you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do just about anything for you and your family, repost this as your status and give all the hardworking men out there the recognition they deserve   because great family men are few and far between!"
"my fish, spud, is so weird  he won't really eat  all he does is float around in the food that i put in his bowl and then he follows it when it sinks  wth?!"
all of that bull shit and i still can't get directv!
"i've killed one spider with a pillsbury cookie mix box and another, just now, with a sunflower plate  what a week! me - 2; spiders - 0"
"\i can't even do 'balls on the walls' or whatever!\"""""
getting ready to go to work  i would much rather stay home cause i really don't feel good 
is very happy that my bge <propmale> didn't brutally rape my cash flow 
is finally getting cable! yay for comcast!
time to hide the nails and sticky <propfemale>ers! <propmale> was going crazy <propfemale>ing stuff earlier  i had to stop him from trying to <propfemale> tennis rackets on the wall!!!
i'm thinking about taking my industrial out  i've had it since november and i don't think it's healing the way it should   sad 
i just got 11 inches cut off my hair!!!
"some random guy just messaged me and asked if i had \huggies\"" at my house  wtf?!"""
i had to take my industrial out today because nicks necklace got wrapped around it and he pulled away and my ear was bleeding everywhere  i couldn't get it to stop  i may repierce it in a couple weeks 
i love my new phone!
this past weekend sucked  hopefully something good happens today to make up for it   smile 
i hate it when my neighbors don't pay their comcast <propmale> 
i like turning on my high beams when i pass people that have fluorescent headlights so they know how it feels to be partially blinded while driving 
"everywhere i look i see \flo\"" from those stupid progressive commercials  it's starting    http annoyed  chatter com a 5qmfi?ref=nf"""
"i'm so tired but, i can't fall asleep "
"i feel bad that you're such a loser, but you do it to yourself "
is having the worst day ever!
going to my dad's house for dinner  smile 
home relaxing  dinner at my dad's was great  he makes the best salmon and <propfemale> brandt makes the best birthday cake!!!
i love grilled cheese!
i just burnt myself with a wet noodle  sad 
bel air traffic sucks!!!
i really don't understand how people manage to get hit byt trains 
watching gladiator 
i love when my husband spends sunday rubbing my feet and singing to me  laugh 
i cannot believer that woman actually snarled at me 
my husband is amazed that i can fit my arm in a pringle can 
i just applied to <propfemale> arundel county for a position as a police officer! wish me luck!!!
i have court on the 1st and then court again in july on the 14th  i feel like i'm at the court house every month!
it's gonna be a long day tomorrow  i guess i should try to get some sleep 
i have to be in towson at 845 tomorrow morning and i am still awake   sad 
finally home from training  i have a lot of appointments to do tomorrow and <propfemale> corral with mom and <propfemale> 
"\hold on little critter  he's a light sleeper \"" lmao"""
had five appointments today and just finished putting in my first 3 orders!!! going to bed  more training tomorrow 
backstabber 
"sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs  amazing "
watching my favorite movie: resident evil 
"if you're going to talk to me, please do so without motorcycle sound effects "
my moms side of the family is not normal 
court tomorrow morning  i definitely think it's inhumane to make people wake up early for that 
worst headache ever!
"\the best way out is always through \"""""
sock tans make me laugh 
i kidnapped my little sister for the weekend  smile 
my sister is my hero! hoorah! see you in september <propfemale>!!!
i want to repierce my industrial but there's no way i'm doing it myself! anyone want to do it for me???
"wtf is a \biscuit report?\"""""
working both jobs today  i just woke up and i'm exhausted already 
i finally got a letter back from a a  county police department! i go to take the written exam on the 26th!!!!
i hate monday's 
i love the smell of hot dogs on a grill and the sound of shiny toy guns!  laugh 
i can't wait till saturday! i will finally be able to sleep in!!!
all of my bills are due at the end very beginning of the month  i swear these companies collaborate their billing cycles just to piss me off!
i put the std in stud  all i need is u 
i love money!  laugh 
just got home from taking my written exam for aacopd! going to do the agility test on the 23rd! can't wait!
i hope you go to jail 
does anyone know where i can get a doctors physical for cheap? i don't have health insurance and i need the appointment before the 23rd 
i work both jobs tomorrow  i could really use a day off 
i'm in love with <propmale> farms coffee!
the world can't end in 2012 because i have canned goods that e playful ire in 2013 
"i'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure  i make mistakes, i am out of control and at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best "
"hmmmmm  debating on whether or not i should bother going to court wednesday  on one hand, it could be entertaining, but on the other hand i really don't give a shit "
<propfemale> is a bitch 
"\did you see him licking that chip at you like 'whatcha doin'?'\"" lmao"""
<propfemale> fly swatter hands is a no-go 
love is our resistance 
i got a letter from my sister!!!!
i really need to even out my drivers tan 
spud died  sad 
i love you spudly  rest in peace little <propmale>  7 27 10 
going to my dad's house for dinner  smile 
i'm ready to go home! i work more than i do anything else 
going to the inner harbor in the morning with <propmale>!
"\stop making love and buy a tv!\"""""
"had a great time today with <propfemale> shaughnessy! thanks for lunch babe! now, i'm gonna watch some xena: warrior <propfemale> until i have to work tonight "
migraines are a bitch 
the world really is a small place 
new dishwasher  laugh 
"i love my husband dearly, but if he wakes me up one more time tonight singing ke$ha, i might have to kill him "
"why am i still awake?! i'm so tired, yet i can't sleep "
i can't wait until september 10th!!!
i wish i could post the smell of my house on facebook cause it smells amazing!!!
my sister is home!!!!!
damn red cross! they sucker me in everytime!
"dearest <propfirst> bieber,\your concert going fans inconvenienced my drive home with a catastrophic traffic jam  although i am a fan, i would appreciate it if the next time you perform in <propfemale>, you would do so in an area that i do not have to travel through \thanks "
common sense is no longer common 
i'm soooooo excited for tomorrow morning  i finally get to see my sister!!!
i spent all day at mva and now i'm at work until 11:15  i'm never going to get sleep!
i need to sleep!!! work 1 to 9 later today 
i would definitely love to see resident evil: afterlife 3d again! it was amazing!
"never a dull moment  i just witnessed a drunk driving accident and because i stopped to render aid, i will probably have to sacrifice another day of my life to sit in a court room "
it's been a good week so far  i finally heard back from baltimore county fd and i'm getting a bigger tv on saturday!
enjoyed some buffalo muffalo at work today with joy over-gobbel  yum!
"apparently, when you cook a whole chicken, you're supposed to remove the guts that are left inside  nobody told me  my chicken was shitting itself out "
"i saw this bumper sticker today and i want one!!! it said, \bad cop! - no donut!!!\"" i've been pulled over 3 times in less than 6 months!"""
spending time with my bitch muffin  work in the a m   sad 
"i cannot wait for the premier of \the walking dead\"" on sunday!!!"""
i really need to go to bed 
the walking dead was amazing  smile 
i'm madly in anger with you 
two years ago today i married the love of my life  i love him more and more with each passing moment  hoping for many more happy years to come 
i don't think i've ever been this excited to spend thanksgiving with my family!
out for the night with <propmale>  going to see <propmale> potter!  laugh 
just got off work  going to meet the family at valley view farms 
court  again 
i hate when girls lie about being pregnant  seriously? grow up 
xena: warrior <propfemale> marathon  smile 
haz-mat at redbox? what the hell?
going to my little sisters dance recital!!!
i hate the snow!!!
keep your fingers crossed for lots of ice and snow by early tomorrow morning!
"i'm in need of a well earned vacation! so, <propmale> collectors, feel free for the next few months to send me money rather than charge me more!"
