3d813b3227c1635f26a649242d7f48ca
happy belated new year   kinda 
insomnia with nothing to do sucks 
god im kinda tired but not enough to sleep! - screw you insomnia!!
"about to head out to branson till friday, and then school's back in session  damnit "
"i'm not tired, but i feel like slipping into bed  damn the paradox of it all  'night anyway "
"can i be a creeper when i grow up mommy? - sure thing kid, make it worth the while "
kit-kats are delicious  math homework is not 
wtb a fucking connection here on facebook  jesusfuckingchrist 
"thanks all for the happy birthdays and well-wishers! i know i'm a little late but hey, that just goes to show how much i go on my facebook here   smile "
said goodbye to my brother  now he's off to tennesse with <propmale>  better take care!
<propfemale> christmas!
2011   here we go!
"how weird is it that i'm friends with a chick from a different country but we have the exact same name, first and last ?"
lol @ funny groups on facebook  the only motivation i have for joining them is so i can laugh at the name later  cause i'm so cool     wink 
"wants to watch some laugh-out-loud, clutching my stomach, tears rolling down my face funny movies  suggestions and or examples would be super "
is pretty sure i'm melting 
"i better not get sick 2 weeks prior to europe, or else all hell is gonna break loose "
had a blast with <propfemale> at the royals game - ahh p o m how we enjoy belting out your lyrics 
"it's too hot - i'll be gone next sunday for 9 days, be sure to text me, reminding me to take lots of pictures while i'm in europe "
4 days and counting  fuck yeah 
"i'm leaving in 7 minutes! i forgot i'm not taking my phone with me, so don't bother texting me haha - imma miss you all! let's hope i don't get abducted  laugh    love "
in germany! just went to a beer hall - fascinating stuff  kinda hyper so i snuck on the computer with <propfemale> and will be paying 3 yuros to type this - imagine that 
"just got back a few hours ago - missed the connection from chicago to kansas city, resulting in me staying there for another day :   - i feel like crap, way to go sickness  (had a blast in europe btw)"
"the rest of the pictures will have to wait due to the fact that it keeps fucking up right before they get uploaded, so i'll be back on later to try to finish uploading them "
"saw the last airbender, it was good! dialog sucked though - which made me sad, but overall i would definetly watch it again "
"my fucking \i\"" button on my laptop isnt working! argh """
"great, now i cant upload my pics from my phone  gg t-mobile "
is tired 
is excited about the possible road trip to milwaukee! prepare yourselves wisconsinites!
logging for a bit
is listening to the guild - do you wanna date my avatar  i love it!  smile 
i dont think i've spent so much time on facebook till now   and it's all thanks to the peeps from milwaukee who finally decided to get a facebook  gg guys  love 
wants to get nightlight back from <propfirst>  god you take forever reading!  smile   love 
"gets <propfemale> car on monday, sooooooo excited  peeps in mil-town, start planning the roadtrip party goodies! call text me for info on stuff, if you dont have <propfemale> number, get it fool   love  can not wait!"
i shall be back     probably 
"just registered at school, and oh god it was a nightmare(just saying) - be prepared to stand in long lines   "
"bored, have a few days till school, and nothing to do  <propfemale> wiff me please!"
"milwaukee isnt gonna happen  believe me, it makes me just as sad as you guys, but timing absolutely blows  the next opportunity i have to head down there, you can bet your ass i'm taking it "
"is bored, and is gonna read cause i'm cool like that, zach - we shall chat again!  wink "
"just applied for some jobs, wearing long black jeans in hot weather   thank god for a c "
"get at me        \\just kidding, please do not get at me   smile "
"why do people get so angry at facebook pokes? like seriously, look here - if they had a facebook punch-in-the-face you'd be getting hit everyday "
should probably take advantage of the tax-free-weekend   
i want a excessively large rideable scorpion 
<propfirst> bieber? gtfo 
stapled to the mattress  gogo scarling 
"hey <propfemale>, i has a secret to tell you    i love you! well i guess it's not so secret anymore   "
\and unlike normal midgets who are usually bright   and clever   \,3d813b3227c1635f26a649242d7f48ca,"oh car engine, why do you trouble me so   "
"hey internet, stop being so ridiculous! i only ask that you load quickly and efficently every webpage my heart desires for hours on end "
team <propmale> bitch! - lmao
itchy blisters are no fun 
thank you fb for making so many likeable pages   love 
"why is everyone watching mean girls, i mean like 3 people in completely different states just posted something about it  mind connection?!  surprise "
the man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on  - <propfirst> bloch
"likes it when i make people laugh, even if that means i seem semi-retarded "
"if i could, i would marry bleach cause i love it so much  nerdy? nah, bleach is too tight for that "
yay composition hw is done!  cheer
is excited because of my gpa (cause i'm a nerd!) - 3 8 woohoo! if i can get my college euro  history grade up i'll have a 4 0 for trister  (cries tears of joy)
"yay haircut, boo no way to upload a picture   sad "
mooooooodle 
"someone is in my house, i don't know who and i don't feel like finding out    if they weren't so loud it wouldn't be a problem  (lol)"
"got my acceptance email from longview,  cheer!"
discovered like 7 november babies    highfive!
"might not go to school tomorrow - my eye is pink, but we aren't sure if it's actually \pink eye\"" - sighsighsigh"""
"didn't have pink eye - hooray! - now has a headache though, due to heat  fall weather needs to arrive right now!"
"throws my hands in the air sometimes, watch out!"
is liking odd one by sick puppies
"enjoys those random scenarios with <propmale> because they are, to put it simply, too tight "
catch & release - silversun pickups
stop making your life more miserable than it has to be; it's obnoxious and stupid 
sleep sounds sooo good 
"if you touch each other, you will get pregnant and you will die "
rise up! shake down!
has priorities; dealing with your excessive and unnecessary problems isn't one of them 
feels like eating mc donalds  terrible urges are    terrible 
          love swipe! *scampers off*
huzzah for the day off!
thinks it should be friday already 
is procrastinating with her comp paper  (stupid conclusion -_-)
is gonna watch <propfirst> hood  again   laugh 
"can't take people in footie-pajamas seriously  no matter what, it just doesn't work  lmao"
will now attempt to study 
still thinks every villain is lemons is hilarious  [evil]  laugh 
"is glad it's raining drizzling outside  this way my cat can't go get me dead \presents\"" to leave at my door  bright side? it shows me he cares   love """
"while our bloods still young\it's so young, it runs\won't stop til it's over\won't stop to surrender\-sweet disposition by temper trap  love "
enjoys hearing people's opinions of me; thanks to those who actually told me what the truth is!  laugh 
won't let someone tell me i'm no one  (sick puppies; odd one love )
"doesn't like people who will use petty words in order to hurt my family friends  violence (usually) isn't the answer, but it will definetly get the point across "
apperently makes a tear-jerk worthy sadface   love  <propfirst> hicks and <propfemale> marquart for making it my new weapon  fufufu    wink 
"fire in the disco, fire in the disco, fire in the taco <propfemale>!  smile "
"happy get-candy day!     err, halloween   playful "
enjoys my 7th hour  those crazy people always make my day end in a high note   laugh 
has a lot of homework this weekend  lame!
has 1 day left  it's getting close!
wants to thank everyone who is wishing or has wished me a happy birthday - you made my day!  love 
"\stereotyping women gets you a sandwich!!\"" lmao @ how to kiss """
"is having one of those \meh\"" weeks """
loves hp7  'nuff said   smile 
is kiah's cousin  booyah!
wishes everyone an early happy thanksgiving  smile  - eat lots  ;p
"thinks that everyone should know that luc sucks, and i'm out for the night, cya   smile "
enjoyed da turkey  hope everyone else enjoyed their own too!  smile 
"\what? what did you say? speak up you squirrely little nincompoop!\"" - the oatmeal """
"\imma dragon-kick a baby  smile \"""""
making a decision means dealing with the consequences 
\there's a fire starting in my heart, \3d813b3227c1635f26a649242d7f48ca,can not focus on this paper; time to procrastinate 
lives a thug life   wink 
"hey, hey, hey! - findng nemo crabs "
wishes everyone to have a happy holiday! - maybe christmas will have some pleasant surprises for us all   wink 
i wonder if anyone actually gets coal this time of year for being naughty    surprise 
"dear school,\\please don't start yet \\sincerly me \\p s  - i'll love you forever "
"well well well     2011 means one more year till the end of the world, so yeah  happy last year on earth everybody!  wink "
nighty night guys~
daft punk + tron = badassity 
the beautiful bodies - you're a risk
sleep  is  good   love 
zomg its my mom's 1 year anniversery of not drinking!!! woooooooooohooooooo!
"woah, snow is already covering the ground by my house  it's gonna be fun shoveling that shit  t^t"
snow day inc~ love 
"i swear, i'm so angry right now!!!! i'll avenge your beautiful hand and beautiful foot  i'll chop off every dragon's limbs! with my face - httyd ftw!!!"
doesn't want to do comp homework t t
(referring to her breasts) it sucks that they are crooked  this one's lopsided and the other one's diagonal 
"<propfirst> pettyfer, you sexy beast you  beastly looks awesome!!!"
last night was super awesome <propfemale>ing at luc's house with everyone!! we definately need to <propfemale> out again sometime!
"is excited about pds's show tonight, good luck guys!"
"well, happy valentines chocolate couples day people  enjoy it - i know i am, these jellybeans are fire   wink "
