9429f7c3982fb403eb4a882faafa06d4
is way excited from a grand champ win yesterday!!  laugh 
woo!! another win for waconia!
is gonna head to baileys in a while
wooo!! waconia marching band is #1!!!!
is leaving for tennessee tomorrow!
ugh    has to pack    boring    text me!
is very very bored    someone should text me haha  playful 
is finally home  smile 
is really very tired
going up north today  smile 
hmm    what to do today    any ideas?
wants to have some fun tonight!
is gonna clean today  then probably goin to nats!
is headin over to natalies  smile 
is listening to some techno stuff
"had fun being \kiss\"" haha  pictures soon to come  smile """
is going to carissas tonight! and is going to be an elephant handler with <propfemale>  laugh 
is pretty bored  dance meeting tonight  text me  smile 
no one from my family is going  sorry  annoyed 
is tired from dance
is gonna head to <propfemale>'s tonight  smile  text me!
crap! go to the store now!!!
played wii fit for a while today    it was fun
is excited for dance camp!
had a blast at camp this year!
where's my milk  i don't know so forget it  i'll snatch it myself and put it on the shelf  smile 
"jump, push pause  jump, push play  roll it out and dance all day  smile "
<propfemale> brown is not my elephant trainer anymore  we both have very different opinions on how to train and i think hers are absolutly ridiclious  i will be training alone  let me know if you would like to train elephants with me!!!  laugh d
i am soooooo glad my room didn't flood last night  that was a nasty storm!
beach for conditioning!!!  laugh 
"\is this water sanitary? it looks questionable to <propfemale>!! but what about bacteria?!?!\""  laugh """
finally! its my sweet 16!
"wow, i never thought my calves could hurt this bad"
is tired and burnt lol
is bored    text me  smile 
another good day of dance  smile 
yepp  im having a good day  smile 
colores coloooorreeesss!
colores colooorreeeeeessss!!! goodness  it won't leave my brain!
well that was an eventful day!
people at taco <propfemale> are stupid
is hangin with nat  annoyed 
is tired and bored
homecoming today!!!!!!  laugh 
jai ho!!!!  laugh 
just learned how to partially play like 5 songs on the piano!
is possibly going to be able to do something    hopefully
coreography today!  laugh 
just found out that i was not grounded today    so i sat through a 5 hour marathon of songs for no stinking good reason    ugh
tp  forks  jam  ketechup  mustard  mayonaise  flour  pumpkins  haha stupid boys got caught and had to clean it up!!
im pretty sure this was not the best mea ever
just got a reminder of the wonderful conversation me and <propfemale> had the other day  smile  dance tonight!  laugh 
woo hoo! half day!
well those dresses were just darling!
smart music     fuuuunnnnn
yay! its rachels birthday tomorrow! so now i just hafta figure out what im gonna get her! lol
woo! halloween!
woo hoo! car for me!!  laugh 
spanish    good times   gooood times  smile 
yes! elfyourself is back!!
family birthday party today! fun stuff!
stupid quilting class
woop woop! go lakettes!! yummy spaghetti dinner!
woo! first at conference! way to go ladies! lets keep it up!
heck yes! were gettin to the top! way to go lakettes!!!  laugh 
we wish you a <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year!!
woo hoo!!! first at prior lake!!  laugh  nice job lakettes! lets keep this up!!
ahh!!! you have no idea how excited i am!!  second today ladies!!!!! lets keep on truckin!!!  laugh 
oh yes  paper due tomorrow  forgot how to cite my sources    greeaaatt
ugh  marley & me is a real tear jerker  me n rach had a moment
leaving for state today!!!!!! holy crap im going to be on that floor tomorrow!!!! ahhh!!! excited much! please come and support the dance team at the target center! our category starts around 2!
"beaver 1, beaver all  lets all do the beaver crawl! beaver 2, beaver 3  lets all climb the beaver tree! beaver 4, beaver 5  lets all do the beaver jive! beaver 6, beaver 7  lets all go to beaver heaven! beaver 8, beaver 9  stop!!! its beaver time! go beaver! go beaver!"
put that thing back where it came from or so help me! so help me! so help me! and cut 
every villain is lemons = evil!!!
this city needs to be destroyed!! or at least painted a different color   
omg!!! my chicken tender looks like a dodo bird!!! and hey theres a bird on my cup!! im thinkin they should mate  smile 
"i wish    there would be an infestation of koalas    it would be the cutest infestation ever    they would come in through your window    sit on your bed    you'd walk up to them and they'd run away and you'd say \wait! don't go    i wanna hold you   and feed you a leaf """
hmmm    lots of thinking 
i said i don't want to walk this earth if i gotta do it solo  love that song!!
"i am the type of person who turns up the volume in my car only when im by myself and im listening to the song \never gonna be alone\""  smile """
dont you just love it when you come home from a long day to find out your sister and her friends messed up your whole room when you were gone?! i know i do  
"haha i love listening to old school music   nsync, backstreet boys, and <propfemale> spears  smile  some may say fail but i say awesome!!"
i need gaga tickets!!! i dont think you understand!!!!  laugh  <propfemale> weiland understands!!
awesome bonfire!!! it was a blast!!  laugh 
"i wumbo, you wumbo, he she we wumbo, wumboing, wumbology, they study of wumbo   come on spongebob, this is first grade!"
its violent and educational! but mostly violent  yay violence!
oh for pete's sake!!! *deep in thought* hmm     i wonder if <propmale>'s a nice guy  
let me get this straight  you know her  she knows you  but she wants to eat him  and everybody's ok with this? did i miss something?!
i think i need to work on my texting skills  
"haha oh wow   didnt think id burn that much! well, hope it turns to a tan!"
ooh    the bend and snap! i did that last night naked  i broke a window though
im not happy <propmale>  not   happy  
they are popping outta the snow!!! like daisies!!! (mulan)
"today i realized something    i am a complete and total dork! but im glad i have ppl around me that except me for who i am   and laugh with me, not at me  smile "
"roz, my tender, oozing <propfemale>, you're looking fabulous today  is that a new haircut? tell me it's a new haircut  it's got to be a new haircut  new makeup? you had a lift? you had a tuck? you had something? something has been inserted in in you that makes you look    listen, i need a favor "
haha i would not catch a frisbee and let it hit me in the face so it feels like a bruise lol  total b s  (becca shirk) move right there!!
had fun hangin with <propfemale> christensen tonight!!! fun stuff right thur!!!  smile 
oofedy doofy    i have a cold  annoyed \
yup   thinkin a bike ride with <propfemale> gorghuber and <propfemale> ebako!!! should <propfemale> good!!  laugh 
pretty sure nsync is the bomb-dig and is awesome!!! haha  smile 
"once there was a magical elf who lived in a rainbow treeee  he lived downstairs from a flatulent dwarf who was constantly having to peee  one day the elf could take no more so he went to bang on the rude dwarfs doooor  and what do you know, they suddenly both were maaaarried!  smile "
"mom, are you sure this waters sanitary?! it looks questionable to meee!!!!!"
"es-cap-ay   thats funny, it's spelled just like escape!  laugh "
goodness! prom day already?!
last night taught me something    sleep is a good thing  mixing that with three energy drinks and a mountain dew is a bad thing  but tatooing youre whole stomach and riding bikes at 4am is pretty freakin sweet!!!  laugh 
"help! i’m drowning, i’ve got butt cramps, i want ice cream, and now it’s dark!!!!!"
"let's take a look-see  hate your hair  not likely  yikes  yikes  yikes  and, let me guess, you have a great personality"
"seaweed: 50% sea, 50% weed  plankton: 1% evil, 99% hot gas   smile "
the drop off?! they're going to the drop off?! what are you insane?! why dont we just fry them up now and serve them with chips?!?!?!  smile 
"inspector, do you know if the killer was a man or a woman?? well of course i know that, what else is there?! a kitten?!?!  smile )"
"oiii!!!! 10,000 yearsss!!!    will give you such a crick in the neck!!"
what if <propmale> gets another dinosaur? a mean one? i just don't think i can take that kind of rejection!!
"im pretty sure \spending all my time\"" by <propfirst> fresh is like my new favorite song music video of all time!!!!  laugh """
-we are talkin' about the greather good!! -greater good?! i am yo' wife!! i am the greatest goood you are evah gonna get!!!!
"we were so close! so close, we tripped at the finish line!! why?! because our little *nut*-meg has to go all <propmale>!! -hercules"
haha jump for it <propfirst>! leap for it <propmale>! oh come on becca just jump! i cant!!!  playful 
i would be sick  sad (
"goodness   why do things that shouldnt make me ssuper pisssed, make me ssuper pisssed?!?!"
"hangin with my chicas, <propfemale> gorghuber and <propfemale> ebako"
"i am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine  if i am to change this image, i must first change myself  fish are friends, not food!!"
gingers do have souls!!!
i like 'em big! i like 'em chunky!! haha tem <propfemale>
"marching band, boating, hangin with <propfirst> and rach    id say it was a pretty successful day!!  smile )"
its a beautiful disa     could we pretend that airplanes in the ni     im on a boat!!! jeeezz <propfemale> stop changing the song!!
five grad parties then charlies party!!! should be a long and fun day!!
they wonder why i am never home?
its because im green isn't it?! - grinch  smile  haha <propfemale> shirk
<propfirst> <propmale> is the new <propmale> <propmale>
band camp here we come!!!  laugh 
um yeah    ok    cool 
momma had a chicken  momma had a cow  dad was proud  he didn't care how!!
beefy calves   like a cow!!!! haha
"random thought of the day: i love the short old guy on the aristocats movie that sings \ta ra ra boom de-ay\""  smile """
"the waconia high school marching band won best winds, peoples choice, first place, and grand champ!!!!! thats what im talkin about!!  laugh "
"wooo!!!!! wmb is #1!!!! best drumline, colorgaurd, winds, marching and maneuvering,  peoples choice, first place, and grand!!!!"
what! what! i knit sweaters yo! what! what! don't test me *bleep*    she   she didn't even swear! hangin with <propfemale> sutherland  smile 
toy story 3 was amazing!!!
oof we lost    i hate losing    we better kick butt tomorrow!!
"we are warriors, born from the light  an army for freedom, defenders of life  warriors, euphoria will rise  returning from darkness we bury all lies  lets kick but today waconia marching band!!!!"
"waconia high school marching band won first in our class, best winds, best drumline, and best color gaurd  all this just tops off a perfect weekend! *cough cough*  annoyed "
now thats what i call a break down
just when i think things cant get any worse   
excited for a much needed vacation to the east coast!!!
saw niagara falls today!!!! it was sweet!  laugh 
-for the last time! i did not order a giant trampoline!! -well you shoulda told me that before i set it up!!!!! -- emperors new groove  smile 
you cant feed a fish tuna!!! it would be an abomination!!!!!!! - lilo and stitch  smile 
oh good! my dog found the chainsaw!! - lilo and stitch  smile 
minnesota girls we're unforgettable! waterproof boots and flannel on top!
a g l e t  aglet! don't forget it!!! we're gonna tie the world together!!
"uptown, downtown, all around the world  we gonna jump now, jump now  everybody come because we need, more, popcorn! mayday, mayday, ravers in the uk!!!"
pudge controls the weather - lilo and stitch
i'll take you to the ball <propfemale> manatee!! - <propfirst> the cucumber  smile 
"wow! that was really scary and if you don't mind me saying, if that don't work, your breath will certainly get the job done, 'cause you definitely need some tic tacs or something 'cause your breath stinks!!! - shrek"
-i swear he just farted -nuh uh -rewind it!!!! *farting sound* oh my gosh he just farted!!!!! lol -lord of the rings
everybodys got a water buffalo!!! so tell me    whar color is your water buffalo??  smile 
ugh!!! they took the dip!!!! - <propfemale> sutherland
"it's no secret that the best part of a secret is secretly telling someone your secret they're by secretly adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets   secretly - spongebob   confusing, i know  smile "
holy crap!! dance camp is kicking my butt    but its so much fun and <propfemale> worth it!!!  laugh 
"drop it, hit it, jump it, split it  dont stop, get it, get it!!"
got my senior pics back today!!
"went on the boat (perfect day for it), got the tan ive been waiting for, got the job at pizza ranch, celebrating with pizza (of course), and now a bonfire with smores!!!  could this day get any better?!?!  laugh "
"oh! im picking out a thermos for you! not an ordinary thermos for you! but the extra best thermos you can buy, with vinyl and stripes and a cup built right in! - the jerk"
oof! nervous for my first day on the job  playful 
"gotta shake, shake, shake my sillies out! shake, shake, shake my sillies out! shake, shake, shake my sillies out! and wiggle my waggles away!!!  laugh "
oh-my-gosh  i almost commited murder today!  that poor squirrel almost didnt make it alive! what if i had hit it?!?! he probably saw his life flash before his eyes!! he probably had a wife and kids waiting for him at home  poor squirrel   i would have cried and had a funeral 
well i for one am starting to get bored  and boredom is something up of which i will not put! - phineas and ferb!
"if you like to talk to tomatoes  if a squash can make you smile  if you like to waltz with potatoes, up and down the produce aisle  have we got a show for you! veggie tales!!!"
"ohana means family, and family means nobody gets left behind  or forgotten  -lilo and stitch"
hey you   yeah you   scratch here ?????????????? to see my status  smile 
"who was born on friday, august 13th, 1993 in room 13, who is now 17, and has two thumbs??? this girl!!!!"
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! i had an awesome birthday on my only lucky day this year! pretty sure i saw a shooting <propfemale> too! woo!!
breezy point!!!!!! yessssss!!!  laugh 
i was supposedly the entertainment of the night at karaoke tonight haha  smile  i mean i only tried to have some fun  playful 
there was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his name-o!!! b-i-n-g-o!! b-i-n-g-o!!! b-i-n-g-o!! and bingo was his name-o!!
<propfemale> won a pizza at the comander!!!!!  woo!!! shirks win grand 2 weeks in a row!!!
oh the stench of wet butt on a hamster    - <propfemale> shirk  smile 
note to self: dont handle a jalepeno pepper and then put your contacts in  eyes will water for 15 <propfemale> and you wont be able to see for 10 
first real paycheck today!!! yipee!!!
-hey mr  can i have some <propfemale>? -no  these arent <propfemale>  these are for adult consumers in adult consumption situations 
ladies and gentlemen  please fasten your seatbelts and pull them tight  we hope you have a very pleasant stay on board  check your seatbelts  we are ready for take off 
i am like pro at solitare    you dont even know  smile 
touch it  bring it back  watch it  turn it  leave it  stop  format it!
<propfemale> close!!!
"my life is complete  watch the new video!! \touch\""!!!!"""
"yepp   pretty sure you should watch the video \touch\""  let us know what you think!!  smile """
"oh  it's not the first time i was tossed out of a window, and it won't be the last  what can i say?!? i'm a rebel  - the emperor's new groove"
"gonna make a new video with <propfemale> sutherland today!!! watch our first one!!! its called \touch\""!!"""
belly button!! uh huh!!! you say your belly button's missing? theres no reason for alarm! its a common thing for gourds! it wont do you any harm!! - veggie tales!!  smile 
ice bath? i think so! conditioning was brutal!!! i feel so accomplished haha  smile 
"\its like the nazis   every time you kill em they just keep coming back\"" - <propmale> shirk  sometimes i just dont know what is running thru this boys head!"""
"if you ever need any help with procrastination or shirking your responsibilities, come to me  im pro "
"i hate writing freakin papers  especially about leadership    makes me think of female dogs   and makes me just wanna yell, well eff!!!!"
"scuttle: i haven't seen this in years, this is *wonderful*!  <propfirst>: what is it?  scuttle: a banded, bulbous snarfblatt    <propfirst>, flounder: ohhh  - the little mermaid!"
just downloaded like 35 glee songs    nbd
yupp  i am totally wearing my unitard on wednesday!! haha  laugh 
i like it in the back hallway!
i am sooo sick of getting these moles taken off of my head   it hurts reeeally bad right now   but hey  better safe then sorry considering they were pre-cancerous  annoyed 
had an awesome time at brittley sealy 's quinceanera! happy 15th!
just had a pretty emotional moment with <propfemale> and <propfemale>   about me leaving for college   its only first tri   wooo!
jiw! jiw go! your gonna be late fo wook! go now! aaaaaaaaaaaah! excuse me! that was a bad one! cooch! hahahaha oh <propfemale> sutherland you make my day haha
had an awesome day today! <propmale> out with <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propmale>! and the best part is it was me and my best friend <propfemale> sutherlands six month friend-aversary!!! love u cheeks!!
finishing high kick with my lovely lakettes!!! it looks awesome!! we need more popcorn mayday mayday ravers in the uk!!!!
i whip my hair back and forth!
ouch  thats gonna hurt tomorrow
i'd say it was a pretty awesome halloween!! i even saw a shooting <propfemale>!!  laugh 
don't look at me!! im just a lonely tuba!!!  laugh  haha good times with turi!!
it sounds like the sucky thing at the doctor!!! hahaahaha oh math class  smile 
haha i'd hafta agree with that lol
oh i'm picking out a thermos for you!!!!     no really   i am
"now woody, he's been my pal for as long as i can remember  he's brave, like a cowboy should be  and kind, and smart  but the thing that makes woody special, is he'll never give up on you    ever  he'll be there for you, no matter what  - toy story 3  smile "
i believe that we will win! i believe that we will win!!!
f a o  my schwartz!!! - toy story 3  smile 
does anyone have any good ideas for a culutural investigation?!?! idk what to do!!! haha
made my day watching the ama's and seeing casper dancing with pink and seeing nkotbsb!!!!!! pretty much had a heart attack when i saw the backstreet boys perform again!!!  laugh 
"-did you know you are abcdefghijk??? awesome, brave, crazy, daring, exciting, fabulous, great, and happy!!! - but what's the ijk??? - i'm just kidding!!!!!! hahahaha!!!!!!"
jeepers!! if i didn't have dance i don't know what i would do!! love you girls!! we did awesome yesterday!  smile )
ouchies!!!! my head hurts oober bad  sad  stinkin cancer moles  sad 
yupp! definately just got tickets to the trans-siberian orchestra concert on december 27!!!!   nbd  smile ))
im pretty sure im in an awesome mood  partly because we just got second at our competition and partly because the girls i dance with are just awesome haha! love you ladies!! great job tonight!!!
i feel like a cool person  got skype   and a shake weight lol
aaaaahhhhhh!!! the trans-siberian orchestra tickets came in the mail today!!!  laugh 
"\sounds of the season: becca's version\""  smile  one of my best ideas  smile """
"oh <propfemale>!! i can't wait for you to come, i just can't wait for you to come! and i have cookies! 3 yummy cookies! just for you for when you come, only for you for when you come!! because its chriiiistmaaaas!!!! - veggie tales  smile "
"\noodle is greater than a circle    because the word noodle has 2 circles!\"" and \""turtle is greater than life    because turtle has more letters\""  smile  haha family christmas games are awesome!! \""it takes a shirk to perk!\"""""
"i, <propfemale> shirk, love <propfemale> so so so so sooooooo very much, and i don't know what i would do without her  love ya sis smile "
boom  get on that 
"well, obviously we have a rapist in <propmale> park  he's climbin in yo window, snatchin yo people up  tryna rape em so y'all need to hide ya kids, hide ya wife, and hide ya husband cuz they're rapin erybody out here "
i feel like our dance team has really turned around!!  smile ) great job this weekend ladies! let's keep this up!  laugh 
"yesterday was a pretty good day  smile  got tickets to the backstreet boys concert!!! i'm an all conference dancer, and i had a blast with my lakettes at the after party!! too bad we got jipped at the competition!!!"
i still don't get it   
the waconia lakettes dance team is in fact going to the high school state dance team tournament!!!
state is in two weeks so we need tooo    practice hard! point our toes! do your hair! be sharp! head up! smile big! aaaannnnndddd      shave your pits! shave your legs! and put on deoderant so we dont smell yoooouuuuuuu!!! haha gotta love danceline cheers  smile 
is it bad for you to smile to much? like to the point of your face twitching??? cuz that seems to happen everytime im done performing  and right now  smile )
so glad i got to spend my valentines day with one of the coolest people i know  smile  nbd 
"i have had 6 wonderful years with the lakettes! i can't believe it's already over! i will miss all of the laughs, the tears, the hard work, and all of my sisters  smile  thank you girls for making my years on the team the best they could be!!!"
<propfemale>!
"\what's on your mind monkey butt??\"" - the parrot from home alone  smile  this is what the little status bar is really saying   """
i can't believe i just dropped my camera on the original <propfirst> nixon copy of the declaration of independence   wow im cool
"\push your lips forward and up  and then smell  does yours smell funny? cuz mine does\"" - my lovely sister"""
"i'm done  im done  for the 40 millionth time, im done  look at me when im talking to you!!! ~ waaaaaah! did you see my cooka?! wheres crocadilly?!?!?!"
its friday! friday! gotta get down on friday! partyin partyin yeah! partyin partyin yeah! fun! fun! fun! fun! lookin forward to the weekend!!
