2e3d4aa56763860fe829a8a8bbd0838a
so    mass effect 2 is f@#%ing amazing haha
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v laugh ndqktgvw2m
"dragonball z is the most epic anime! ya i watch anime, so what, you wanna fight?!!?"
"whew just got done with about 5 hours of homework but i got a new picture about half way done, if i had a scanner i would put up the work-in-progress but you all will have to wait "
oh ya i have god of war iii!!!!
"we just got some new kittens, boy and girl (we think) girls name is scylla and boy doesn't have one yet "
up at 4 a m  so i can get ready for work   yay > >
its nice when someone can make your day even better just by talking with them 
its such a great feeling when you put yourself in a vulnerable position with someone and they give you hope for what is to come   so awesome  laugh 
"yay for awesome people! mainly the girl im talking with, but everyone else too!"
finally got msn messenger working last night! i fixed the stupid problem that my computer could not do on its own so yay me!
so im pretty sure that 'energy drinks' put me to sleep   weird 
"a potentially good night turned out to be a bad one, not because of any bad things happening, just not any good ones finding their way to me  *sigh* -_-"
"if a nightmare has you in it, then it becomes a good dream just because you are there with me  wink "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zgyqnibo-bo&playnext
"have over 30 lbs  of change that im about to have counted, anyone care to take a guess? *hint, its mostly silver "
"fucking awesome night, thank ya <propfirst>, and <propfemale> for playing a <propmale> role in that, but it to top it off    *happy sigh* this girl is amazing  love "
"holy fuck! ghost recon: future soldier looks so amazing, and the voices for the guys are awesome, everyone should go to gametrailers and watch that video"
"so i just made another drawing today, its rather graphic if you must know  if anyone wants to see it let me know and ill let you take a look at it  fyi this is my best drawing so far, but if you don't like nudity and the like then its not for you "
she said 'i love you'  all the bad shit just melted away wink 
the book of <propmale> is an amazing movie!
"this was damn near a perfect night, god this girl is amazing, and waaaayyyyy to good for me "
"the past few days have not been good for my heart   its scary how much someone can make you feel about them, feelings are a great thing, but they also suck so fucking much   putting that shit forward to someone too, that vulnerable feeling   god i hate this!"
"has anyone ever had nightmares about what someone will say to you? such as, if they will choose you or someone else? i have, and ive found out that even though i knew it was going to happen, it still hurts   so much so that i feel numb"
"here is a question for everyone, its not to difficult but who cares smile \what can you lose and never replace, what can never find again but know where it is?\whomever guess's right gets   hmmm a cookie?"
"here is a question for everyone, its not to difficult but who cares smile what can you lose and never replace, what can never find again but know where it is?whomever guess's right gets   hmmm a cookie\now the answer since there were so many replies > >\virginity "
"i was just told something that made me feel something ive never felt before, i can't think, or anything   speechless"
"for all those whom were wondering about my earlier status, go and read my bio   what i have there made someone utterly speechless   tell me what you think of it "
watchin the hangover  joyful 
"i really wanna watch avatar right now :  \ill do that when i wake up i guess lol, thank god i have blu-ray"
i want to draw something   anyone have an idea of what to draw?
"final fantasy xiii is actually a really good game, fun combat, challenging   although the voice acting could use some work   vanille   "
if you were a drug   i would happily od on you  wink 
"sooo happy, i can't help but smile  joyful "
"so, was a fucking fantastic night, wouldn't change a thing   joyful "
"you don't die for your friends, you live for your friends "
"i will heal your hurt heart, and make sure to care for you forever \ love  you ash"
"\you bring me so much and the love and care you've given me has made me cry tears of happiness before i sleep a couple of times \"" -ash\",2e3d4aa56763860fe829a8a8bbd0838a,"i want to create for you, happiness never-ending "
"1 month has passed   best month of my life, and i'm hopeful that the ones following can only get better  joyful "
"has anyone seen the movie 'seven pounds' with will smith?\wondering if i should watch it or not, seems like a sad movie with the suicide scene  "
friends   please comment and offer constructive criticism on the recent pictures ive uploaded  thank you!  joyful 
"when its raining so hard that it wakes you up   thats a good thing \loving the thunder and the heavy rain coming down, wish it would happen more often "
"i will give you anything to, say you want to stay, you want me to, say you'll never die, you'll always haunt me, i want to know i belong to you, say you'll haunt me   "
"put me to sleep evil angel, open you wings evil angel, fly over me evil angel, why can't i breathe evil angel?"
"remember 9 11\many good people died that day, never forget "
halo: reach is almost here!!! hurry up 12 o'clock!
going to the midnight release of halo: reach at gamestop! woot! can't wait 
so   halo: reach is pretty freaking epic   lots of fun  joyful 
the ending of halo: reach was very e playful ected but its still a good ending nonetheless 
"how am i supposed to enjoy the good things in my life when it goes by so damn fast?\memories and looking forward to the good things coming  "
"because you make me feel like i can fly  you care about me more than anyone else  you're the nicest guy i've ever met and you make me melt inside when i talk to you  you're handsome and sweet, smart and fun  -ash\i love this girl more than anything "
"throw it away, forget yesterday, we'll make the great escape!"
i want to make you see sound   
"i used the deadwood to make the fire rise, the blood of innocence burning in the skies, i filled my cup with the rising of the sea, i poured it out in an ocean of debris  "
"this is not the end, this is not the beginning, just a voice like a riot, rocking every revision, but you listen to the tone, and the violent rhythm, though the words sound steady, something emptys within em   "
"a great love is a lot like a good memory, when it's there and you know its there, but it's just out of your reach, it can be all that you think about, and you can focus on it and try to force it, but the more you do, the more you seem to push it away, but if your patient and you hold still, well maybe, just maybe it'll come to you   i just need to make sure i'm some where she can find me "
"say goodbye, as we dance with the devil tonight, don't you dare look at him in the eye, as we dance with the devil tonight! hold on! hold on!"
"why do nice guys finish last? i actually thought that that saying was changing, but now   the same shit is happening again and i have this sinking feeling that i won't get what i want deserve  fml"
avatar: the last airbender is such an awesome show  joyful 
"it's amazing how music can stir up so many emotions and feelings, one song might make you happy, and pumped up, while another can make you feel relaxed, and maybe even sad   still, i wouldn't have it any other way "
"my stomach is all sore from laughing at this comedian, i wonder if its muscles growing  laugh "
"district 9 was awesome, and just watched paranormal activity   ya   the ending is fucked up "
playin my songs is a way i cope with life 
"a singer in a smokey room, the smell of wine and cheap perfume "
got myself call of duty: black ops! woot woot!
"there's a stray dog outside our house right now   and its 32 degrees out   and we can't help him  god i hate that, poor puppy  frowny "
"so their were two dogs out last night apparently   a pure bred griffen (or something) and a pure bred roty  i could have sworn that the roty was a pit bull though    absolutely sweet little puppy though  they were picked up by their owner though, so thats good "
i'm hungry ;3
"i see you, cause you won't get out of my way,\i hear you, cause you won't quit screaming my name,\i feel you, cause you won't stop touching my skin,\i need you, they're coming to take you away!"
assassin's creed: brotherhood's ending   oh my god   that was so amazing   best assassin's creed yet   just   wow    i'm stunned   
it's 9 degrees outside right now      annoyed 
it's written on the sky     wink 
pretty much had an awesome birthday  wink 
"the sound of your voice, painted on my memories, even if you're not with me, i'm with you   "
march is going to be a fucking amazing month  smile 
"i see you, cause you won't get out of my way,\i hear you, cause you won't quit screaming my name,\i feel you, cause you won't stop touching my skin,\i need you, they're coming to take you away!"
a new <propfemale> shines brighter in the <propfemale> sky  
"god   this was one of the best day's i've had in a while, can't stop smiling  wink "
"this is not the end\this is not the beginning\just a voice like a riot\rocking every revision\but you listen to the tone\and the violent rhythm\though the words sound steady\something emptys within em\\we say yeah\\with fists flying up in the air\like we're holding onto something that's invisible there\cuz we're living at the mercy of the pain and the fear\until we dead it forget it\let it all disappear"
"wow   dead space 2's ending   fucking intense!  low on ammo, supplies, monsters that can't die   all you can do is run like hell   scary shit    surprise "
turtle beach px21's are fucking beasttt!!!
"had my blood drawn today   that wasn't fun   never have i been so dizzy and still conscious of what was going on around me, albeit it was all dream like   i don't feel good ;["
"if actions speak louder then words, then let these words speak with the volume that my actions would speak  "
"i am such a fucking idiot!!  why do i have to joke about fucking everything!  i would never do anything to hurt the girl i love and now i feel like because i had to crack that stupid fucking joke, i hurt her   i need to be beat the fuck up for doing what i did, even if it didn't do any damage   i still feel bad   i am so fucking stupid y_y"
defiantly one of those times when more talking will only hurt it more   i hate myself so much right now   i will make this up   no matter what  promise 
i commissioned a drawing to be made! i can't wait to see it!  wink 
"we are alive, for a moment, \one second in the great abyss of time,\all the bleeding and all the hate just one blink of an eye \all the conflict\visit's dire pain on human life,\are we missing out on what is to be alive?"
i am so fucking stupid ;[
you are my world   wink 
????????????
"my computer can handle crysis 2 on extreme graphic settings, and it runs smooth \did i mention that some of this shit looks real? ya  it's that pretty of a game ;o"
"you are so far beyond perfect, god is himself envious  i love you   wink "
"i have the most amazing girl, i won't ever leave you  i love you more than anything   wink "
