cad085d2ed3f872875fbdeeffa49cf32
so many have wished me well on my birthday today!  i am truly a blessed man   thanks to all for remembering me today 
"happy independence day   i recently heard the declaration of independence read in its entirity, and it really put into perspective what this holiday is all about   and the question was raised, would the same reasons that the founding fathers had to seceed"
"it's a georgous day here in paradise, and i have to go to o chem class!  ugh "
i am so glad to have a few days off!!! pikes peak is georgous this morning with snow!  it's going to be a great day 
it is snowing like crazy up here!  let's go skiing!
happy sabbath to everyone!  what a beautiful day here in paradise   have a great weekend and go broncos!!!
just got into socal for two weeks!  i love those palm trees   
i am on my flight back home and just found out i am on the same plane as <propfirst> faukner the bin laden <propmale>!
"i am so thankful to have so many friends and family to share the 25th anniversary of my 21st birthday!  thanks to all of you for your well wishes, friendship and kindness   i am truly a blessed man "
"well, i made a life altering decision today    my address is going to be changing before the aspen turn <propfemale>   "
"going to see selah in a little bit with <propfemale>, then drive back home to start my new work adventure in the morning   god is good "
i am so stoked!  my kids are coming to spend thanksgiving with me and i can't wait!  it's in the bag!  i sure miss them   
"my son is a tough guy now, breaking his arm in a hockey game!  wish i could be there to just be there    "
"happy thanksgiving to all my peeps!  i'm thankful that my daughter is with me this week, my son's arm is healing and he got to spend time with his mom and that i have a wonderful woman in my life who is truly a great blessing to me    thank you to all of you for your friendship and love   i wish you peace and plenty to digest today!"
"just finished a masimo gig in riverside, gonna spend sabbath with <propfemale>, then it's off to work in san <propmale> for the next week   thank you, lord for the blessing of rest   hope y'all have a great weekend "
"??????????????? ????? ?????????????????\if you have a handsome son that you love more than you can\describe, copy and paste this to your status for a little while,\but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? ????????????????"
well i'm working in phoenix for a week then making the big treck back to colorado   hope everyone has a great week and make sure you let those important to you know just how much you love 'em 
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! i grew up reciting this every morning in school with my hand on my heart  we no longer do that for fear of offending someone !!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone !!!"
today i am getting ready for my trek back home to colorado!  can't wait to get out of crazy california   nice place to visit though 
"i am back home in colorado where i belong, and how does this state repay me for coming home?  makes me fight snow and ice ever since coming across the border   oh well, i am so glad to be here "
"@ 1310, <propfirst> records his 1st ace in disc golf, mu 1st <propfemale>, both on hole 7, 222 ft, e playful osition park, <propfemale>, colorado!"
