672fdfad04ee3c80c3605e20bf6ec8e8
thinkin about takin a nap!!!
really needs to start packin up!!!
is super exhausted!!!
had fun with the family at the folk music festival!!
say no to crack cocaine!!! its bad for you!
drove 1000 <propmale> in the last 24 hours and has barely slept   but is in salt lake!!!
super excited to finally have the internet!
i have <propfemale> much to do b w now and sat  sad 
thanks everyone so much for all the birthday wishes! finally made it to 21!
my back hurts so so bad today  sad 
fml!!!
no sleep tonight for me!
research paper conquered!  smile 
anyone see my phone?
playin pool with my  dad waitn to eat some turkey!
is taking it to the limit one more timeeeeee!!!!!
i finally have a computer! yes!
thinks its great that my psych of personality professor referenced jersey shore at least five times in lecture today! its gonna be an interesting class!!
going to see the family!!
managed to lose my drivers license again
spring cleanin    
eleven hours of sleep last night is jsut what i needed   
zombieland!!!funniest movie i have seen in a while!
humanities! ha    i think i have a pretty good idea about human nature from being one myself  not from what some guy said in the 12th century!!! i hate school!
getting ready to go watch the kansas st vs bulter game!! should be a fun day!
is excited to watch the game tonight!!
jazz v pheonix tonight! wohoo!
should be a good night!!!
freedom!!!!!
headin on down to the river!!
june 11 and 12 could not come soon enough!!!! <propmale> petty you will be the highlight of summer!
<propfemale>!!!!
wohoo! vegas here i come baby!!!!!
no work today! yay!
"its always the same, its jsut a shame, thats all    "
five days to learn how to play craps   
bring it on las vegas!!!! i am in it to win it!!!
5 18 <propmale>! ha ha!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! 'twas a good day!
<propfemale>!!
"utah jazz, let the regular season begin! bring it on <propmale> hayward, show the nba what you can do!!!"
doesnt understand how medical billing companies have managed to screw up every single one of my bills i have recieved in my adult life! common!! lets try a little     it cant be that hard can it!!!
another day off work! ah yeah!!
"another interesting day at the office, got asked out by a 40+ man with a tear drop tattooed to his face!!"
happy turkey week everyone   travel safely!
me and chelsi rife both bowled turkeys last night!!! ahhh yeah!
goodbye computer! see you in 3-5 days!
finally got my computer back from best buy! yay!
 sad 
