32fa2f714f8acc728d138396f5571189
just got moved in at unt
i did something very stupid today  i decided i would walk to <propfemale> triangle mall to look around 
"i have a question for everyone, and would like a honest reply  do you think i would be a better computer programmer, or psychologist?"
"got a new yamaha electric keyboard yesterday, and has been playing it almost nonstop  i love this thing!"
"in order to help my new dragons, click on the link, then on each egg "
just discovered that shaving before coffee is a bad idea   
"just noticed that binedo has over 4,000 views! glitch much, lol?"
anyone want a decent amount of scrap denim?
"well, i am officially the vp of the circle of three trees  only one person came to our table, and that was before i got there   sad "
snow is everywhere up here!
and it's still falling!
meeting is canceled  i'm gonna take a nap for a little while  not used to the ambien yet 
diffusion e playful eriments are boring  i'm on here because i've got nothing else to do while i wait 15 minutes for the third time 
"has not had a good night  i forgot to take my ambien, and have had 3 hours sleep  classes are not going to be fun today "
is busy designing a dragon cake 
got most of the planning done and is preparing to actually begin assembly tomorrow 
"sometimes i look back on my life and wonder, \what is the point of continuing?\"""""
"just got a new phone, and i already love it "
"if you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me, put a ?   if i'm your friend, put a  smile   if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you've ever had a crush on me put an  laugh   if you're not scared, post this as your status!! haha i couldn't resist > smile "
"well, it took me 2 5 hours and 50 hyper potions, but i beat the elite four and <propmale> on my first try!"
"just discovered that, after 5 hours of tracking down a wobbuffet, leveling it up, and hunting down latios, it is not possible for said wobbuffet to hurt latios  fml"
"3 legendaries down, 11 to go   "
is at the aac waiting for the tso concert to start  being right next to the stage was worth getting tickets 2 months ago!
"tso was amazing, as usual! can't wait for next year!"
got something he didn't e playful ect for christmas: a cold 
"just finished installing a new 700w power supply, a radeon hd 5770 video card, a razer lycosa mirror <propfemale> keyboard, a vistablet graphics tablet, and a canon mp250 photo printer + scanner  took me the past 3 days to do, but so worth it! my pc is now a very sexy beast, lol "
