a4ec465f545dd8e93fce74fbfd072502
today is my baby's 7th birthday    he had a great party    thank you all so much for coming   he had a blast! now to figure out what to do with all this leftover food and cake       smile 
i love snow!
i am so excited that i get to sleep in tomorrow!  smile 
i love hanging out with my kids!
go colts!
i'm looking forward to spending the day with my wonderful family!!!!!  smile 
"if you are a wife, that has a wonderful ? husband ? that works hard and would give up anything just to give it to you, then repost this   because i have the most amazing ? husband ? in the world! god has blessed me and i love him very much!!! ?"
is enjoying hanging out with her kids  smile 
is looking forward to spending tomorrow with her husband  smile 
enjoyed spending the day with her hubby and little <propfemale> today!!
misses her hubby!
has the best husband in the whole world!
wishes her parents weren't getting a divorce        sad 
wants a date night with her hubby soon!
is looking forward to the weekend!  smile 
is looking forward to <propfemale>'s visit today  smile 
is happy her hubby is off tomorrow!
go colts!!!!
the colts won!!!!  smile 
feels blessed to have such a wonderful family  smile 
is sad her hubby has to work tomorrow!  sad 
"wishes she was watching the bachelor, but instead i get to watch spy kids  sad "
just woke up and got ready and then found out school was closed       sad 
i love shopping!  smile 
"enjoyed spending the day with her kids and mom, but missed her hard working hubby!"
is so ready for the weekend! my hubby is off and we can all finally spend some real time together     smile 
is cleaning and then going to take the little <propfemale> to mcdonalds  smile 
is so happy it's friday!  smile 
feels so old!  my little cousin just asked me if i still had my prom dresses because next week at school they were having retro prom day      sad 
"trying to think of something great to get my wonderful husband for <propfirst>'s day!  he's so tough to buy for!  he always says if i want something i'll buy it, but i love buying for him   he does so much for me and the kids and i like to show him how much we love him!  smile "
watching toy story with my 3 favorite people!  smile 
i love how sweet my children look when they're sleeping       
cleaning and then off to get my little guy at school!  smile 
"is sad!  divorce sucks!!!! (my parents, not mine)  sad "
watching my sweet little angels sleep helps me forget all my worries       
is so ready for the weekend and it's only tuesday     
is it friday yet?
"urbandicionary com copy and paste 1st comment under your name on ur status! <propfemale> to take, hold, or steal your heart  a person who is a soulmate  a good lover "
is making dinner    then going to give the kids a bath    
watching the parent trap with the kiddos trying to get them togo to bed    hannah isn't  having it    
is taking care of her sick little guy   he has a sore throat  sad 
watching spongebob with the kiddos   trying to think of something to make for dinner    
new grey's anatomy and private practice     so excited! i love tv way too much      smile 
still taking care of my sick little guy   i wish he felt better    
"snow! i love snow, but my little guy is still sick and i'm sure he's not going to understand why he can't play in the snow     sad "
watching tv with my little <propfemale>     
waiting for game time     
"is so bummed that the colts lost last night, but excited about the snow we're suppose to get tonight!  smile "
is hoping that school will be out tomorrow too!  smile  i love having my kids home with me   
is making <propfirst> goodies for <propfirst>'s party tomorrow    
is snuggling on the couch with her babies         smile  life couldn't be better!
is taking care of her sick little <propfemale>      
is enjoying valentines day with her wonderful family     i have the best husband in the whole wide world       smile 
is cleaning and trying to make the most out of being stuck in the house! anyone want a puppy?? this stray dog that we love just had puppies   right now they are in my laundry room   very cute!  smile  i need homes for them togo in 6 weeks   let me know if you're interested     
is wondering if it will ever quit snowing     
is excited that there is no school tomorrow     
is so sick of watching scooby-doo! <propfemale> has made me watch this episode like 20 times today     
is being lazy and snuggling on the couch with her kiddos        smile 
is bored!
just found out <propfirst> <propfirst> has school tomorrow and i'm afraid i'm going to get stuck in my driveway!  sad  maybe we should skip school one more day      even though i am going crazy being stuck in this house    
"is having another day stuck in the house     i am so looking forward to doing something, anything that doesn't involve staying home!"
is going to get ready to make dinner and do some laundry     fun times!  smile 
is very happy  smile 
is watching scooby-doo with her little <propfemale>        
"is trying to get her baby boy to sleep, but all he can think about is the puppies     smile "
"trying to make myself exercise, but i just can't get motivated    i'd rather clean    so sad!"
is making <propfemale> stampede's soup and cheddar biscuits for dinner     yummy!  smile 
is so happy that the weekend is finally here!
is sick! my throat hurts so bad        sad 
is looking forward to spending the day with family  smile 
had a great day!  smile 
is so tired!!!
wants to start spring cleaning soon     am i crazy??
"is going on a diet! does anyone have any low-fat dinner recipes?? i don't have a problem dieting during the day, but i have trouble finding something that the whole family will eat for dinner "
is watching the real world     there is nothing on tv tonight!
has enjoyed a day home with her kiddos       smile 
is looking forward to the weekend     my hubby is off!  smile 
is so happy it is friday!  smile 
relaxing on the couch with my little <propfemale>       
i think all of our puppies are boys     i really wanted a girl  sad 
had a great day today! shopping with my wonderful husband and dinner at outback     yummy       life is great!  smile 
today flew by so quick    time flies when you're having fun    who knew cleaning could be so much fun!  smile  lol
my puppies opened their eyes for the first time today!  they are so cute    i wish i could keep them all        smile 
ugh! he's going to pick vienna      why!?
finally done cleaning    now i can relax and enjoy what's left of the day with my family   smile 
trying to think of something fun for <propfemale> and i to do tomorrow     hmmmmmmm
just got done exercising and i feel great!  smile  i've been on my diet for 10 days and lost 2 lbs  finally i'm motivated!  smile 
<propfemale> <propfirst> just kicked my butt!
sunshine!  smile 
life is great!
had a great day playing outside with the kids! this warm <propfemale> weather makes us all so happy       smile 
loving playing outside!  <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale> have been playing t-ball all afternoon      they love running and playing with the dogs     fun times!  smile 
just got in from playing outside      spring is a great time to forget the chores and enjoy the sunshine!  smile 
just got done cleaning     now i'm going to get my little man from school      i wish that my hubby and my little man could stay home with me and <propfemale> everyday    we miss them so much while they're gone!
"is hanging out with her little <propfemale>    missing her boys, again!  sad  weekend where are you?"
is so looking forward to the weekend!  it has been such a long week     
yeah! it's friday  smile  fun weekend planned     very excited!
"yucky yucky day! where is the sun?? i'm so happy for the weekend, but i would love a little sunshine too! oh well this weekend is going to be great no matter what!  smile "
had a terrific weekend with her family and i'm very sad to see it end!
just gone done cleaning and now i'm snuggling on the couch with <propfemale> waiting to get <propfirst> <propfirst> at school     she keeps giving me butterfly kisses!  smile  i wish my babies could stay little forever      i'm enjoying every second!
does anyone want a puppy?? this cute little puppy needs a home   he will ready to leave his mommy on easter      let me know if you'd like for him to be part of your family     very sweet!
thank you god for giving me such a wonderful husband!  he takes such good care of us and i don't know what i would do without him     i have two healthy beautiful children and a great husband     life is good!  smile 
cutie pie has a home!  today we took the puppies to a st <propfirst>'s day party at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s school and we found our homeless puppy a home   smile 
"today was a great day! i got to see my meemee who i don't see nearly enough, got to eat lunch with <propfirst> <propfirst> at school, spend sometime with mom and <propfemale>, and then go to <propfirst> <propfirst>'s school for a special st <propfirst>'s day snack     it was a great very busy day     and i'm ready to do it all over again tomorrow   smile "
spending the day with the family at the zoo       i love this weather!  smile 
just got done having a yummy dinner with her family     i can't believe the weekend is over so soon!  sad 
ugh    rain! i hate mondays       sad 
smiling  smile  enjoying my hubby's day off    
bubbles never get old!  smile 
looking forward to spending the weekend wih my family     
"had a great day with my kids    movies, shopping, the park    busy busy beautiful day!  smile  if only my husband could have enjoyed it with us instead of working     "
ugh    why do mondays stink so bad?? cleaning and missing my boys    
<propfemale> day!  i love tuesdays      smile 
another <propfemale> happy day!  smile 
making easter goodies      
fun day! took the kids to the zoo and now we're playing outside      i'm so glad that spring break is finally here       10 whole days with my baby boy    i just wish my hubby was off too    
enjoying spending the day with her kiddos hanging out at home    the easter beaster is coming tonight      smile 
happy easter  smile  looking forward to spending the day with my family         
had a wonderful easter!  smile  i wish everyday could be this good      
is loving having both her kiddos home with her  smile         we slept in and now have no plans other than playing all day    life is good! (i still wish my hubby was here)
wonders why it takes some people so long to grow-up?  sad 
is looking forward to a fun day with her kiddos and hubby tomorrow! i wish life could always be this care free         smile 
is so tired and i haven't done anything      being lazy is draining      smile 
is trying to think of something fun to do with the kiddos        
is sad that spring break is almost over      i love spending time with my kiddos! now the countdown is on for summer      smile 
had a great day with her family today!  smile 
just got a pedicure and my feet are very happy     happy birthday week to me!  smile 
"~i think its funny all the friends people have on facebook  how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? i mean, personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, a   t                how interesting this can really be  it's a lot of fun!"
is planning a trip to disney world!  smile  <propfemale> is old enough now to really be excited    she wants to meet snow white and <propfemale> mouse      <propfirst> <propfirst> wants to ride the roller coasters with daddy     this is going to be so much fun! i think i'm more excited than they are       my birthday week just keeps getting better     did i mention that i have the best husband in the whole world??!!!   smile 
spent the day with her kiddos on a field trip     fun day!  smile 
looking forward to spending the weekend with my family celebrating my birthday       my hubby's off!   smile  i can't believe i'm 29     ugh! i'm getting old     
thank you all so much for all the birthday wishes     it's been a great day!  smile 
wishes everyone i know and love could be as happy as i am right now       
"had a great weekend with her family      i usually hate mondays, but today not so much      i'm excited to get the house clean and get the week started right  smile  hope everyone else is having a happy monday too!"
is getting very excited about disney world!  smile  we're going to try and fly now which is going to be so much better      my least favorite part of any family vacation is the long car ride with the kids     
bummed         sad 
loves how my husband is the only person in the whole world that understands me      i'm so happy we found each other!  smile 
"is so tired! i love shopping, but it is so draining       smile "
"is planning a special little birthday party for her hubby with the kids     we decorated the house, made a cake and his favorite dinner, and wrapped up some presents     his birthday is on tuesday, but little does he know that when he gets home from work today we will be ready to celebrate!  smile "
"is watching a movie with the family      where the wild things are      michael enjoyed his early birthday celebration       smile  i love my family, they are my world, they complete me!"
hanging out with the family    having a lazy day enjoying my boys being home      smile 
ugh! will it ever stop raining!???
is motivated and happy!  smile 
one tree hill tonight!!!! yay  smile 
is sick and so are both of my kiddos    we all have strep and feel like poop!  sad 
is feeling awesome! i love this weather        smile 
just got done cleaning and organizing the kids rooms    they look so good    i bet that won't last long!  smile 
rainy lazy day        getting ready to watch lovely bones        smile 
another rainy lazy day      just got done watching it's complicated    very funny!  smile  i have to get out of the house soon       very bored   sad 
yay! no rain!  smile  finally got out of the house and enjoyed some sunshine! the sun makes me so happy      now i just need to focus on my family and not let others drama bring me down     
had a great day with her hubby today! shopping and lunch      he's the best  smile 
"why do our kids have to grow up so fast?? i'm missing when my babies were babies! i don't want to have anymore kids, but i can't help feeling sad that a certain chapter in our life is over      they aren't babies anymore     "
"making cookies for teacher appreciation week and then going to start dinner      fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, and milk gravy      yummy!  smile "
is sleepy      
my energy water is not doing its job today     i have no energy! i need something to help get me moving      
"just got back from playing at puzzle's fun dome with my kiddos, mom, and nephews     fun day!  smile "
happy monday!  smile  today has been a good day     i am motivated and feel great! lets just hope it lasts all week      smile  hope everyone has a great week 
wishes her hubby didn't have to work so much     he takes such good care of us and i am very grateful that i have him      he's the best!  smile 
the kids are sick again! we spent the day at the doctor and then home resting on the couch      
we are all finally feeling better and i am so happy it is friday! i just wish i had something fun planned for the weekend      
had a great day at the zoo with my kiddos and my wonderful sister-in-law <propfemale>! thanks for spending the day with us we had a blast   smile 
is going through all of <propfemale>'s goodies that her wonderful cousin <propfemale> passed on to her     she is in heaven! she is walking around the house in a <propfemale> from the wizard of oz costume and taking pictures with her new camera      thank you so much <propfirst> and <propfemale>! <propfemale> is going to love this stuff for years to come   smile 
"is enjoying visiting with her sister-in-law, <propfemale> and her father-in-law      ugly day, but enjoying visiting with family       smile "
ugh! my treadmill is broken and it is totally messing up my routine      if that's the least of my worries i guess i'm doing pretty good      happy monday!  smile 
is having a lazy day home with the family      <propfirst> <propfirst> didn't feel well today and my hubby is off so we're all lounging together       smile 
is watching the good wife      i love this show!   smile 
is looking forward to grey's anatomy tonight!  smile  i'm a little scared to watch after seeing the previews     i'm such a nerd! how come tv excites me so much?!
spent the day cleaning the house     hannah loves to help clean     i wonder how much longer that will last?  smile 
"spent the day shopping for t-ball gear with the family     my hubby and his brother are coaching <propfirst> paul\s team     practice starts this week!  smile  we're the texas rangers   """
<propfirst> <propfirst> only has 6 more days of school! he graduates from kindergarten thursday      he is growing up way too fast        sad 
watching the bachelorette and enjoying some quiet time       
just got done getting my hair done       now just waiting togo to tball practice        smile 
spent the day shopping for <propfemale>'s birthday party supplies and registering her for preschool     then tomorrow my baby boy is graduating from kindergarten      he's going to look so sweet in his cap and gown     now if i can just get through it without crying!
is looking forward to a great weekend with family and friends!  smile 
"had a great day at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s kindergarten graduation party! pony rides, games, <propfemale> bounce    it was a blast!  smile "
is making goodies to say thank you to <propfirst> <propfirst>'s wonderful kindergarten teacher and for his spanish teacher that threw an awesome party saturday and has taught him more spanish than i will ever know!  smile  we love cca!
field day! spent the day with the kids celebrating the last day of school      michael <propfirst> said it was the best day of his life     now tomorrow we have our first t-ball game      summer is finally here!  smile 
<propfirst> <propfirst>'s first t-ball game went great     he had so much fun! now i'm getting ready to make a toy story cake for my nephew's 6th b-day         smile 
spent the day with the kiddos at the zoo splash park     summer fun!  smile  tomorrow we're going to start birthday shopping for my little princess     she'll be 4 in a few weeks!  why do they have to grow-up so fast?!
spent the day cleaning      at least it was raining     i hate cleaning in the summer! there are so many other things i'd rather be doing      smile 
has the most thoughtful husband in the whole world!  smile 
loves being a mom! summer is great    everyday we just have fun    i just wish my husband didn't have to work     
just finished playing with the kids on the slip-n-slide!  smile  it's amazing how much fun water can be      
<propfemale> talks about getting married all the time     tonight we were cleaning out some closets and found my veil     she loved it!  smile   then she asked her daddy how old she had to be to get married    lol
had a great father's day with the family!  smile 
had a great day with the kiddos and my hubby     lunch at red <propfirst> and toy story 3      smile  life is great!
the kiddos and i spent the day with my mom and the boys at a pirate party and then the pool     michael <propfirst> is learning to swim and he is so proud of himself!  smile  i love my family!
smores     yummmmmmm!
"lunch with the kiddos, the park, and then the pool     this has been a day filled with fun!  smile  happy monday!!!!"
"spent the day shopping with my little princess      she is only 3, but loves shopping!  smile  we had so much fun, but missed our boys!"
had a fun day at the zoo with <propfemale> and the kids      then we came home and took a nap    that never happens and it was great!  smile 
another fun summer day!  smile 
just finished watching twilight for the first time and loved it! why did it take me so long to watch this??  smile 
just got done watching some fireworks with the family    the fireworks were beautiful and i loved seeing how happy the kids were watching them!  smile 
"tomorrow is my beautiful baby girl's 4th birthday! she is growing up so fast     she asked daddy if he would take her to get her ear's pierced     i know she will chicken out, but i'm trying to decide if we should take her and where? <propfemale>'s?"
is going out with the famiy to do something fun for <propfemale>'s 4th birthday     our little <propfemale> is getting so big!!!!
had a great day with my hubby and the kiddos     now to start getting ready for <propfemale>'s birthday party on sunday      i love having birthday parties for my kids!  smile 
"<propfemale> is so cute! she is eating her toast singing \there's a party in my tummy so yummy so yummy\"" """
omg! i just watched new <propfemale> and loved it    i have to see eclipse!!!!
just got done making fried pickles     yummy!  smile 
making a <propfemale> cake for hannah     i love baking!  smile 
<propfemale>'s 4th birthday party!! a big thank you to all of you that came to <propfemale>'s birthday party    she had a blast       smile 
took <propfemale> to her 4 year check-up today    not fun at all! she had to have 3 shots and she wasn't a very happy little girl     glad that's over!
"<propfemale> is sitting here watching me on the computer saying \here comes the bride\"" over and over again     so cute!"""
just got home from <propfirst> <propfirst>'s last t-ball game     we had so many family and friends there    thank you all for coming!  smile  next year we'll have 2 little ones playing baseball    
just got a steam shark!  smile 
loves her husband!  smile 
spending the day with my three favorite people        smile 
smiling  smile 
looking forward to having lunch with <propfemale> and <propfemale> tomorrow       smile 
my hubby is off all weekend    so exciting!!! can't wait for a fun-filled family weekend     smile  there's nothing better in life then spending time with your family  smile 
i was on my way home earlier and my neighbors barn was on fire    so our road has been closed all day and <propfirst>'s weekend off hasn't had such a great start    the barn is gone now and it is crazy smokey outside     i feel so bad for my neighbors the barn was full of hay  sad 
"spent the day with my favorite people! i have the best husband, daughter, and son anyone could ask for       smile "
"less than 3 weeks until school starts      sad  i'm so bummed that summer is almost over, time to buy school supplies and wake-up before the sun comes up! ugh! now both of my babies are going to be in school and i will be volunteering too so this is going to be tough to get used to!"
watching indiana jones with my favorite little boy      smile  we love to snuggle after <propfemale> goes to sleep    
loves just sitting and watching my kids do things    their facial e playful ressions are so cute     the way they giggle when their watching tv is priceless!
i wish my hubby didn't have to work tomorrow!  he needs and deserves a vacation so bad    
"we added some fish to our pet family today    now we have 3 dogs, a cat, sea monkeys, and fish     what will they ask for next??  smile "
making lasagna and <propfemale> dump cake for my dad's birthday        smile  i love cooking     i just wish i didn't always want to eat everything that i cook!
watching wizards of waverly place with hannah    wishing it was bedtime!
just got done kicking some butt in wii bowling      smile  i'm awesome!
does anyone know of a good ballet or dance studio that i can sign <propfemale> up at??  she wants to be a ballerina so bad     
is so excited that her hubby is off for the next 4 days     family fun! and then school starts on monday  sad 
had an awesome day at holiday world with my wonderful family!  smile 
today was my baby boys first day of 1st grade    i missed him so much!!
spent the day with my hubby and my little princess     missing my little boy    in 3 weeks <propfemale> starts preschool and then i'll really be lost      sad 
<propmale> e cheese        smile  i love the weekends!
weekend   yay!  smile 
i love my family!  i wish i could spend every second of every day with them because that's when i am the most happy    they are my life!  smile 
 smile 
loving this long beautiful weekend       smile 
spent the day shopping with the kiddos and then got to have lunch with some family and friends    fun day!  smile 
my baby girl's first day of preschool is tomorrow     i'm going to be so lonely    i just want to cry thinking of it! why do they have to grow-up so fast?  sad 
"<propfemale> had a great first day of school    i was so worried and she loved it! i have to say it was odd being all alone in the house today, but nice to be able to exercise and not worry about having to stop and wipe anyones butt or anything   smile  i think i could get used to this \me\"" time!"""
go colts!!!!
sick  sad 
getting my hair done in the morning and can't wait!  smile 
had dinner with my mom today for her birthday     outback    yummy!
i wish i could think of something to do for my husband for all the nice things he does for me     he is the best!  he always takes such great care of us and never worries about himself     i am so blessed to have him as my husband      smile 
fun day at huber's with the family!  smile 
fall break!!!!!!
disney world in 2 weeks!!!!  so excited!!!!  smile 
just made dinner reservations at chef <propfirst>! so excited!  smile 
disney world!!! just got back from magic kingdom and now we're going for a swim      smile 
relaxing and enjoying being home      smile 
"can't believe that it's time to start christmas shopping     i love this time of year     family, fun, baking, crafts, warm fires! love it!  smile "
grey's anatomy and then private practice    oh how i love tv!  smile 
putting up the christmas tree and listening to christmas music      then we're going to make and decorate sugar cookies    and finish the day off with elf     i love it!  smile 
started christmas shopping today with my hubby and had so much fun!  smile 
making christmas ornaments and drinking hot chocolate      now i just need some snow!  smile 
spending a lazy day at home with my kiddos making <propmale> cracker houses  smile      i love when they're both home with me!
looking forward to spending another day with the kids and hubby tomorrow     going to see <propfemale> at the mall    fun!  smile 
making salt dough ornaments and listening to christmas music        smile  have i said how much i love christmas???
just got finished watching the polar e playful ress with the kiddos    that movie never gets old!  smile 
"was in bed all day with a horrible headache, but now i feel great and i wish the day wasn't over!  i am looking forward to spending the day tomorrow with all my favorite people   my loving hubby and 2 great kids     smile "
<propfemale> had her thanksgiving program today and she was so cute! they were dressed like little indians    i wish she would stay this little and sweet forever!  smile 
"cleaning, baking, and getting ready for thanksgiving!  smile "
28 days until christmas!  smile 
doesn't want the kids to go back to school tomorrow     i've enjoyed having them here all day!
watching a sad hallmark movie     hoping for a happy ending!?
unanswered prayers       
enjoyed a lazy day at home with my hubby     rain makes me so lazy or does it give me an excuse to be lazy?  smile 
just got done decorating christmas cookies and now we're going to watch how the grinch stole christmas     life is good!  smile 
10 years ago today i met my hubby         smile 
22 days til christmas!  smile 
had lots of fun playing in the snow with the kids today       smile 
cuddling with the kids watching <propfemale>'s christmas    
chilly           
just got back from the doctor    michael <propfirst> has a sinus infection and an ear infection      sad 
now i'm sick     ugh!!!!  sad 
watching national lampoon's christmas vacation     14 days til christmas!!!!  smile 
i love snow!!!  smile 
perfect day to make some christmas goodies       we're making peppermint bark for all the teachers and staff at <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s school     i love christmas!!!!  smile 
snow day!!!!!  smile 
bored      there is only so much cleaning and cooking you can do in one day     i need to get out of this house!  smile 
i want christmas the way it used to be before divorce changed everything!  sad 
started putting together <propfemale>'s majestic mansion today and boy am i glad that i still have 9 days to get this done    lots and lots of pieces!
making christmas cookies with the kiddos for all of our parties at school tomorrow      i love baking!!!!!  smile 
so the dollhouse i spent so much time putting together that <propfemale> asked <propfemale> for is finally done and <propfirst> <propfirst> found it!  so now i have to come up with something else that <propfemale> can bring        and try e playful laining to <propfemale> why we got the dollhouse and not <propfemale>    
i wonder if there will be school tomorrow??
making a red <propfemale> cake for christmas at my grandaddy's house      
<propfemale> just told me when she grows up she wants to be a mommy just like me       smile 
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status  smile "
getting ready for grandaddy's christmas dinner        and some of us are more excited than others       smile 
christmas is almost here!  smile  no more school for the kiddos until next year     love it!
bored     the kids are sleeping and it is so quiet!
relaxing at home with my 3 favorite people in the whole world     i am so lucky to have such a great family!  smile 
spent the day with my mom and the kiddos     who knew wal-mart and mcdonalds could be so much fun!  smile  now to i get to bake up some holiday goodies     
"<propfemale> christmas! today was great!!!! family, friends, and lots of fun     sad that the day is over      but thankful that we were blessed to have such a wonderful christmas      smile "
wants to get out of the house and have some fun     the kids are content with their new toys and i didn't get a cool new toy so i'm bored!
getting ready for my baby's 7th birthday       he's growing up way too fast!
"just finished taking down all of my christmas decorations      now time to organize, clean, and get ready for a pokemon birthday party!  smile "
snuggling on the couch watching scooby doo with the kiddos      school starts back tomorrow and i'm not ready to let them go!
is enjoying a couple hours of me time       smile 
making muffins for <propfirst> <propfirst> to share with his class tomorrow      
grey's anatomy!  smile 
"if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world   who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you    who works hard and would do anything for you  who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, and who you are thankful for everyday, and who you could not live without then post this as your status  then go tell him thanks!"
i wish everyday could be a snow day!  smile 
"played in the snow with the kiddos earlier and now planning our summer vacation!  this year we are going to the beach     can't wait! i love the snow, but the beach is nice too!  smile "
long morning    hannah woke up with a fever and vomiting    we've been to the doctor and pharmacy     now home to take care of my little <propfemale>       sad 
<propfemale> starts ballet on tuesday    going shopping tomorrow for some cute ballet stuff and then we're going to <propmale> e cheese to meet <propfirst> and <propfemale> for some fun       smile  i love weekends!
looking forward to a lazy day home with my family tomorrow       smile 
wishes there was a hobby lobby in shelbyville      or any craft store    i need some supplies now!  smile 
just got home from <propfemale>'s first ballet lesson     she loved it!  now i'm going to sign <propfirst> <propfirst> up for basketball      i love being a mom!  smile 
"hopes the snow holds off long enough for me to run to hobby lobby and get some stuff to keep me and the kids busy while we're snowed in     we're going to make <propfemale> a tutu, make some <propfirst>'s day suckers, and bake the weekend away! since i have this all planned the snow will totally miss us   smile "
i just finished <propfemale>'s tutu and i love it!  now i want to make one in every color    time to start baking       smile 
addicted to making tutus    they are so cute!  i just wish that i knew before now that i could make them myself     it's so easy!  smile 
i took my tutus to <propfemale> closet today and she is going to start selling them    very excited!  i made several different kinds and each have very cute matching hair accessories   if anyone is interested she is located on main street       smile 
watching enchanted with <propfemale> wishing the weekend could last forever      
"<propfemale> is jumping on the bed in her underwear singing \this little light of mine\""     she is so care free!  smile  and so very cute!"""
is so lucky to have such a wonderful husband     together we have made a family    a family that i thank god every day for!   smile 
"<propfemale> got her hair cut for the first time today     it was only a few inches, but some how it made her look more grown up    my little <propfemale> is growing up way too fast!"
"my baby boy is sick today    he woke up with a sore throat and a tummy ache so we're heading to the doctor    his first basketball game is tonight and we were so excited, but it doesn't look like he's going to get to go     sad "
"busy, busy day!  so glad it's friday      smile "
hanging out at home with my family      smile 
"i have so many things going on in my kitchen right now    dinner, making a tutu, making chocolate oatmeal cookies for mom, making chocolate crinkles for <propfemale>, oh and trying to get the kids in and out of the bath    crazy night!  smile "
 smile  looking forward to a weekend of relaxation       smile 
doing <propfirst> crafts with the kiddos       smile 
"i love <propfirst>'s day!  making sweets and cards, but this year the kids are both in school and their parties are at the same time    so i had to choose and it was tough, but i can't be two places at one time      sad "
craziest thing happened tonight   i went to let my dog out of the garage and she had puppies!  i didn't even know she was preggers    she has like 8 puppies in there   what am i going to do???  crazy!!!!
every night at my house has become a war with hannah    she never wants togo to bed    then when i make her she lays in her bed and screams hysterically for what seems like eternity!  sad 
wishing this day was over!  sad 
had a great day with <propfemale> today    spent the morning with her at preschool and then we went to build-a-bear    it was her first time and she had a blast!  smile 
one of <propfemale>'s puppies died today    now there are six     poor little puppy   sad 
"had a great <propfirst>'s day    i got togo to both of the kiddos <propfirst>'s parties    and then my <propfemale> got me a dozen roses and a charm for my pandora bracelet      smile  what a <propfemale>, nice day!!!!!"
i think that i'm going to plan a trip to the zoo this weekend   loving the sun!  smile  now i'm just crossing my fingers that it's pretty this weekend 
is ready to start spring cleaning    now i just need to find the time to do it!  smile 
<propfirst> <propfirst> scored for the first time tonight    i was so proud of him!  smile 
<propfemale> has strep throat    so instead of going to the zoo tomorrow we will be spending the day resting    
watching <propfemale> dance around the living room in her butterfly costume    she is so silly and i love it!  smile 
"now <propfirst> <propfirst> has a fever too    this long weekend hasn't been what i e playful ected it to be, but at least i got to spend it at home with my family even if they didn't feel so well    "
sometimes i wonder if i'm too sensitive or others aren't sensitive enough     either way my heart is hurting 
<propfirst> <propfirst> is still running a fever     i wish the sun would come out and make us all feel better!
watching <propfemale> fly her butterfly <propfemale> all around the room    she is in her own little world when she's playing <propfemale>s    i love her imagination!  smile 
"another day at home taking care of my little sick babies, but they both are feeling good enough to fight with each other now so i guess that is a good sign   smile  now to just get my hubby feeling better       everyone please pray that all goes well for him today at the doctor     "
looking forward to the weekend with my family    my sweetheart is off and the kids are feeling much better so we're going to do something fun together!  smile  yay!!!!
"is thinking about getting a part-time job when <propfemale> starts school in the fall    i have only applied at <propfirst>'s school, but if anyone has any suggestions please let me know   i want to work while they're at school   so 8-3? and i would love to be off when they are   i know good luck finding a job like that!  smile "
blahhhhhhhhh               not feeling good at all today!  sad 
<propfemale>'s puppies have their eyes open and are so cute! i'm going to post some pictures soon so you can see her chunky oh so cute babies   smile 
i want a yorkie puppy      they are so cute!  smile 
is so ready for spring!  smile 
has been having so much fun helping out at <propfemale>'s preschool    i think i would love to be a teacher      smile 
thinking about my wedding    we will be married 9 years this year   then friends would ask me where do you think you will be in 10 years? life is so uncertain you never know what it will become    10 years ago i never would have guessed that this is what life would be    
"rain, rain go away      "
has the most supportive family ever!  smile 
the puppies are ready for their new homes!!!! let me know if you are interested   smile 
heading to <propfirst> <propfirst>'s all-star celebration      smile 
"really wanted togo to the zoo today, but i think it's going to be too cold      sad "
"i only have 1 puppy scheduled to leave for his new home    the rest are still available     anyone want a puppy??? they are super cute and really need a home!  right now they are in my garage, but they need more attention     they love to run around the house and to play outside    a puppy would make the perfect easter present!  smile "
getting ready to take butterball to his new home      
"had a great day playing outside with <propfemale>, peyton, and my honey     loving this weather    the sun makes me happy!  smile "
wishes life was easier      
frustrated!!!!
i have a wii fit game and balance board i'd like to sell if anyone is interested let me know      
i got to see my daddy last night for the first time in a while and i was so happy to see him    i just wish that he wasn't heading back to florida today      
had a good dinner with my mom and the kiddos tonight       smile  even though she lives right across the street we don't do that nearly enough!
"we bought peyton a bed this week and now all he wants to do is lay in his new bed     at first i was happy that he liked it, but now i just want him to get out of his bed and play with me! lol  smile "
is loving substitute teaching at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s school      i wish i had the time to go back to school     i think i would love to be a teacher!  smile 
looking up college information online     anyone have any suggestions?? i want my teaching degree and i want to do as much of it at home and online as i can   i hope this all workd out    i'm starting to get very excited!  smile 
"i know i keep saying this, but i have 3 puppies      they are so cute and i have to find a home for them now     i said that they were boys, but they're girls!  smile   please if anyone knows someone who would like a puppy please let me know     i really don't want to take them to an animal shelter, but i can't keep them    "
"just got done giving my babies their baths      michael <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and peyton!  smile "
just got done watching the switch    very cute movie!  smile 
needs some me time now!!!!!!
praying that everything works out       
<propfirst> <propfirst> has strep throat and an ear infection        sad 
watching grey's anatomy     crying     why does tv feel so real??
is so happy the kid's are off for spring break     now to get everyone feeling better so we can have a week full of family fun!  smile 
we took the kids to see hop today    very cute movie!  smile 
took <propfemale> back to the doctor today and she still has strep    ugh!  i'm beginning to think that we are never going to all be well at the same time      sad 
had a wonderful time today at the zoo    great day other than the heating element going out on my dryer this morning!
