397aadc03bc84d6826c1ef893b7f2f18
is hanging out with her favorite ppl
is writing the paper she has put off all xmas break  sad 
is tired of homework
sweet free money! haha
is currently hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfemale>
is making a picture collage! haha
is makin dang t-shirts
is kinda now excited for her bday
"this is dedicated to <propfemale> huebert! \ what if u had an outy? how would that look?\"" hahahahahahahahaha that literally made my day!!!"""
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!
going to go eat somewhere tomorrow before work with <propfemale>!! haha yay!
is going to be dr  <propmale> this week     smile 
is at home but is already bored!!
sledding tomorrow?
is average height! haha i no longer consider myself short
i ran over a surfer with my car because thats how i role
so the shower i broke 5 yrs ago is finally getting fix! yay! haha
hm    this weekend    hm   
off to find the wizard of oz  laugh 
just realized her hurley hoodie is missing    big damper on the day     sad 
is making cookies
"\you look good wearing my future\""~ some kind of wonderful  smile """
state degree interview tomorrow    woo  playful 
"just taught her dad how to go 'file, save' 'file, quit' lmao!"
is: one who was a dinosaur in a previous life  she usually demonstrates her past life through excessive roaring when stressful situations are encountered  hear that <propfemale> roar!
"each breath that you take has a thunderous sound everything, everything's magic"
3 more months and then i dont have to worry bout using the wrong lab  
whoever thought school at 8 a m on a saturday was fun needs to rethink life
is jealous of <propfemale>'s hair  boo u <propfemale>   boo u
icky sticky not happy!! >l
is going to applebees with <propfemale> and <propfemale> and <propfirst>  laugh  woo food
is watching my life as <propfemale>
is watching shrek    ha i feel little again  smile 
is applyin for the hansen leadership program  laugh 
loves golf  smile 
going to run   
is going for a walk     smile 
tryin to find a hotel sucks
needs a good break and a good laugh so i guess i will watch the office
"i am so confused    i thought the plaza was in kansas city kansas, but i was told it was the same thing as kansas city missouri    so does that mean im going to kansas or missouri?"
i hate nebraska weather! its so bipolar!
"so today i found out i was related to the root family of mccool, totally small world after all!!"
is officially going to doane    
"has to write a paper, and of course im on facebook     "
"dear next week, plz hurry up so i can leave the state  thanks a bunch! <propfemale>  smile "
whoa 66 degrees outside    heaven today   snow tomorrow? dang nebraska   im moving
is watching journey on oprah!  smile 
one more day of school    thank goodness!!  annoyed 
chillin in kansas city with the girls and having a blast   gonna have fun tomorrow!
"kansas city= no dramaful boys + awesome rooms + private deck + a fire place + private hot tub + the plaza + legions + the biggest cabelas - 16 hrs of driving    thats right, i think we beat san <propfirst>"
finally home and actually happy about being in hendoville right now      
7 pages compared to 14   yep i think its good enough   idc anymore 6 more weeks and were out so haha adv lit       big fat ha ha!
needs to get the cornerstone and hansen apps in the mail    procrastination is taking over my lifestyle      
bonfires+energy drinks=initiation of summer  smile 
is <propfemale> ready to graduate   
state ffa choir here i come
is sitting watching connor get his gay award before going to the state degree dinner
will be going to prison tomorrow
warped tour this summer? lets hope so
so   i hope i didnt miss registration today   crap  
is applying to be a counselor at girls state  laugh 
"district music contest= busy week, early mornings, anger, frustration, and butterflies   sounds just dandy doesnt?    not"
has already forgotten how to cite authors in apa form    crap    
at this point in time being a senior isnt to hott   today i have workd on sociology for 7 hrs and im just starting my conclusion and personal reflection  ick
wants to go feed some ducks    idk y but that sounds fun at the moment
old ppl make me smile from time to time  laugh       
is past the point of caring anymore    
so i love how i try to help others out with their papers and im not even done with mine haha ironic no?
soc n' govt finished = boooo yahhhh! and before 12   high five!
is no longer required to wear official dress or band uniforms  laugh  my life is semi-complete
party in the usa!
saturday = homework
final week of high school haha awesomeness
"mla confuses me, apa is so much better"
so i have to be at the school tomorrow at 6:45 for nhs   would it be a good idea just to do an all nighter and get lots of stuff done?
4 days  smile 
"ppl always sing about love, life, and happiness   unfortunately they never sing about life, the need of society and social norms, and how much writing papers suck  "
"whats that paper, i cant hear u     oh yea im done  smile "
"just ran around in the rain   amazing  smile     welcome summer 2010, long time no see"
rawr
summer  nights  smile 
graduation = sunday! super duper excited!
"sometimes when i peel potatoes i imagine im peeling apples, but thats only sometimes-- lol flap <propfirst>  smile "
super duper excited to work at 430 tomorrow morning  annoyed 
if i was in henderson       
girls state  smile  then omaha bound
framing hanley is amazing  smile 
forever 21    thats where my paycheck goes
toy story 3 tonight  smile 
"music doesn't lie; if there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music -- jimi hendrix"
breakfast at <propfemale>'s and lightning storms    good way to end a sunday  smile 
is uper duper super excited!!!  laugh 
needs to have an adventure pretty dang soon  smile 
cant you see that its just raining   there aint no need to go outside
"life is about creating a reality from your fantasy, not making a reality turns it into a fairytale"
"here's a night, and it shines, and it calls us on and on, so be here by my side, and watch the stars, they're ours "
omaha  sad  boooooo         
profit  smile  sounds like a good way to end the day
sometimes i laugh at ppls sadness    is that a bad thing?
"i walked out this morning and wrote down this song, just cant remember who to send it to"
five hundred twenty-five thousand moments so dear
i dont understand y i cant bring a digital camera to river riot  lame!
filling out hopefully the last scholarship ever
sometimes i worry bout my sanity   then i think oh its just an asian thing        yes i just made an asian jk at myself   thats what happens when i see the guys for 1 hr
excited for friday  smile 
is now uber super duper excited for friday and for <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> to come to henderson and party it up during community days!!
is sad her favorite person is not coming anymore  sad 
eminem's recovery albulm rocks my world at this point in time
is registered and ready for it to be august!!
sad the giant purple tennis ball is dead after one night of fun  sad ( very sad day
"going to elcipse with <propfemale> huebert, <propfemale> huebert, <propfirst> ruybalid, <propfemale> huebert; anyone else who would like to join?  smile "
so not worth $8
what a horrible fortune cookie! ' you will find a thing  it may be important'-- what kind of fortune is that!
rain rain go away come again another day
excited to go to the <propmale> and i on friday
cheese and rice!!! cheese and flipping rice!
"do u remember when i actually cared?     oh wait, that was never my style"
i win    thee end  smile )
would like to go to the zoo  smile 
"i really wish i could just move to college, either that or ppl need to wear their pull ups and grow up"
"this time, asians r going to make an army to destroy evil    bring it on ww3 bring it on- and yes we have already restarted to recruit  smile )"
