fd670713aa300977567db4d3483a0f73
"christmas sales are done, vow renewal ceremony on new years <propfemale> is over  house is pretty much clean  ready for <propfirst> to get back to school tommorrow and get started on inventory at the store in the morning  for now though its snuggle time with <propfirst> on the couch with fresh out of the dryer blanket!!!!!"
"ok people  its a new day and im going to get the <propfemale> of this facebook thing if it kills me today! <propfemale> in there with me, i might say something to you or everyone by accident but at least im trying "
half way through the day! thank goodness too  im so bored 
another rainy day  thank goodness for that  the mountains have snow on them again! we really need the moisture 
i think it really sucks when you are writing a long message to a person and just before you hit send it erases the whole thing and you cant get it back  no saved to drafts or anything! i dont even know how i did that it just disappeared! makes me so angry!
almost the end of a long day! church tonight and then hitting the hay early!
why is there always one person on biggest loser that you just cant stand and that one person seems to go all the way to the finale? thank goodness they get beat out of the money by the really deserving person in the end though  i thought they got rid of the b#@&* early this year but no    she has to come back!!! it so upsetting 
i want to go home!!!!!
at work  have a great day everyone!!!!
happy easter!!!!
is there someone you need to forgive? maybe you think they need to do something before you will forgive them? watch out for the bitterness root that will grow inside you!
mondays suck!!!!!!!!!
somedays are harder to get through than others and this is one of the harder days!
going to the gym tonight  starting a weight routine  hope i dont hurt myself!!!!
hurry up and wait! pisses me off!
chop it off or let it grow? going to see tarcy today  not sure what to do with the mop on my head 
another work day down  two to go!
beautiful spring day in montana  yippee!
its totally freakin hot!!!
whats up with the damn wind?
yeah friday!!!! not that is matters  still one more day to work this week for me 
each day requires effort to get through and today i just dont want to try!!!
going shopping today to get <propfirst> new shoes and shorts! something just doesnt seem right with that but thats how it goes when youre a mom right?
is hopeful that life will get better this week  i am willing to be present and open to the new day  at least so far!!
"sun, glorious sun!!!!! what a beautiful day!!!!"
jenn comes back next week  thank the lord above!!!!!!
happy 4th of july!!! <propfirst> is in polson with friends  im at home cleaning the house  he gets to jet ski and skate and i get to clean the toilet!!! hhmmmm    
got some great news today!!!! yippee! yaa hoo!!!! skipity do dah!!! yep folks its that good  not sharing though  haha
its only tuesday  sad 
"so slow at work here today  i wish i was home cleaning the house thats how bored i am  sad, huh?"
"my mom is trying to get the bare escentuals bus to come to her mall in bismarck  please help her by voting 5 times for bismarck, nd on facebook @ bare escentuals  thanks!!!!!"
teenagers!!! need i say more!!!!!!!
delis just brought in a bunch of oreos to the office from her costco run over the weekend  just what i need  hmm  im getting hungry  oreo time!!!!!
is having another as the world turns moment 
thank god for <propmale>  he pushes my sd card all the way in so i can view my photos!! what would i ever do without him?
thank you all for the birthday wishes  i did absolutely nothing and it was wonderful!
"believe in jesus christ!!! one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid    to show it, repost "
happy thanksgiving! i am so thankful for my friends and family  god bless you all 
seems there is some confusion as to what i said and didnt say  and as for who do i think i am? i am a mom and a damn good one at that!
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the\goal is not to see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th \join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste this to your\status "
"cleaned the house and did the laundry  spending the rest of the night on the couch with a nice and warm, fresh out of the dryer blanket!"
"in honor of ms awareness week, march 7th-13th, 2011, i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms)  i know my friends will  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found, and more awareness for ccsvi  will you post it? just for one hour  do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting ms "
