e15e59ac5994e24691da1c06c7e326a2
sooo tired from work but hav to clean my room today   cant even see to walk is baaadddddd
yacoub is the bestest best friend in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanx sooo much luvs
im addicted to ramen   theres a ramen factory in japan  i want to go there   u can create ur own packaging and stuff and get ramen to take home      soooo cool
got a gronola bar stuck up my nose yesterday    mmmm  granola     actually i was eating it and then i laughed but it went up my nose and got stuck    had to blow it out   im very special sometimes
"i has a huuuuuuggeee headache, but its not a migraine    weird, huh?"
finally making progress on my room  should be finished by the time i go to bed    hopefully
almost done with cleaning my room    finally lol the end is in sight  smile 
"yacoub is weird, but we love him anyways  smile  getting ready for work    lame"
"packing for camping  laugh   gone all week!!!!!!     well, untill friday   lol"
"i am <propfemale> frustrated tonight!  i'm tired and exhausted and annoyed i temporarily lost my homework file my two best friends keep doing things and not inviting me, i mean, i understand sort of, but on the other hand i have asked them   w e it doesn't matter im also worried about money  i need money for bus passes but my dad hasn't had time to finish my financial aid forms, so i'm stuck  i have to find a job   "
have soooo much homework to do     
"when i can no longer cry, i bleed "
i h8 daylight savings!!!!
i have to buy a new bus pass because its stupid november 1   how lame
brought my d in asl back up to a b!  laugh  yay
all i want for christmas is 'the official <propmale> <propmale> fact book' !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am stuck! <propmale> dillemma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! needs help
mmmmmsleeeep    hah! i wish
we've officially broken up and i feel    weird 
falling back into old habbits   
very bored   fb quizzes kill brain cells!!!!
i want to laugh and cry at the same time   can i do both?!?
"i don't know how it happend but my grades are: a, a, a, b insane, i know  but i'm not complaining  wink "
you know that tingly feeling over your whole body? and the chill down your spine after a nightmare? i've been feeling that all day   
i have some amazing friends thankyou  love 
it's hard to come in out of the cold
the thunder was so loud earlier it set off a car alarm!!   laugh 
food is good  smile 
i want to sleep forever
i'm dancing on the edge
the past and the future are resting on a razor blade; tenuous
talking a walk to clear my head
don't you just hate it when someone says they'll call and then doesnt???? it's happened to me 3 times this weekend! fml  don't need this right now  annoyed 
f m l
word of advice: check your email more than once a month to avoid missing out on lucrative job opportunities!  wish i would've  sad 
math chairs are trecherous!!!!!!!!!!!!  lolznate  smile 
"online classes are annoying, i always forget i have homework  annoyed "
got the most epic comment from the amazing guy who arranges the desks on my chewie shirt today! yayness  smile  geeklove love 
slept like a baby on nyquil  laugh 
"sadly, <propmale> has the best hair of overyone on the bridge    pft 60s   "
it's almost my birthday!!!!
wondering how long i can procrastinate on the essay due at 11:59 pm tonight    any thoughts?
i give up
"\why do people run from me?\"" lolz"""
tired of getting jerked around and taken for granted but i'll probably never do anything about it    lol
"corduroy, where the wild things are, curious <propfirst>, the sailor dog, <propfemale> scrawny lion          found my mom's stash of children's books  laugh "
"\scruffy's gonna get one of them $300 haircuts  this one's lost it's pizzaz \"""""
sooo etarded  laugh  i  love  spring break
tiredd
uploading old pictures is so freaking fun!
"\lute solo!!!\"""""
"cleaning my room, yay spring break!!"
"on the road home from turlock, its rainin  smile "
"gross    school tomorrow, 3 hour math class to be precise   double gross!"
somehow made it through the day on 2 hrs sleep and a 24 oz rockstar  finally i can sleep     smile 
"i'm tired before 5am, its a miracle!!! nite  joyful "
"you know its a boring, rainy day when you organize all 124 of your pieces of flair   help  "
i got my computer backk!!! (with most of my files intact- take that stupid crashed harddrive!) yay  smile 
you are the bright center of my universe  smile 
nerdy guys and sexy redheads are my kryptonite  smile 
"\whatever gets you through the night   \""     become a fan"""
never eating a bacon cheeseburger again    it really doesn't taste as good the second time
it's <propfemale> wars day!!! may the 4rce be with you!
"\there can only be one \"" > >"""
"packed four more boxes today, i should feel accomplished but i just feel depressed  sad "
"you are the dilithium crystals to my warp core  smile \ (happy now, yacoub???) lolz"
we feasted  we feasted hardcore  we will feast again tomorrow!  [taco bell] lol
"i'm so tired i could cry, why am i still awake?"
sometimes i don't wear my glasses because i'd rather not see the world
sometimes it hurts more to smile than it does to cry    why?
the book of <propmale> was awesome!!! yacoub's commentary was delightful but ill timed    thanx coubo lol
"i would take a bullet for you, without a second thought, but you can't be bothered to return my texts  i'm always here, always willing to listen, always wanting to help, but i'm the last person you call \hope is a beautiful word, happiness is a beautiful idea"
"apparently its impossible to vaccum correctly unless its <propfemale> inside the apt, which never really happens because of the damn trees everywhere, but still i have to do it right fucking now at 11 o clock in the morning becuase \i'm wasting daylight\"" fml"""
"fuuuuucccckkkk!!!! fuck this shit, fuck people, fuck me  i'm done"
i think i gave myself brain damage from repetative face palms brought on by the crappy cliches and terrible acting in the sorcerer's apprentice   ow
"\rule #59: never <propfemale> pepper spray on acid\"""""
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=f8gthdow9yu&nr=1
late night tv is herule poirot: appointment with death   love  i luv my life
goodnite world
dark fury  laugh 
leaving sj in 6 hours and still haven't found my psp! aarrgg!!!  annoyed 
"getting ready to leave san <propfirst>, packing yacoub's truck  don't know exactly how i feel about leaving but it's happening so wish me luck"
"in washington, made it safe  yay me "
my phone is broken  dont freak if i don't text u back (yacoub)  hope to get it fixed soon 
"i'm starting to get homesick, my phone is broken and my kitten ran away  i've had better days overall  annoyed  *fml*"
rewatching the l word from season 1  smile 
why do they always need to me to come out and do stuff when ppl actually sign on???
"\i need to get my vagina rejuvenated!\"" lolz ily <propfemale>"""
watching my mom and aunt struggle with a stubborn chicken who refuses to be rotiserized    0_o
"its hard to get homesick when you keep busy, so yay for crappy trailer fix up project"
"\man what am i smoking? oh yea- pot\"" lol"""
"sometimes you have to take the time to be sad  take the time to mourn  but you also need to know when it's time to heal  know when to say enough is enough  it's not time yet, so let me be sad "
"really hate not being able to type very fast, hold a pen, a glass, a paintbrush    this sux"
intervention!!! s1e8 lols
gotsa new webcam! skype
'homesick' doesn't even begin to describe it
not sure how much longer i can keep my brave face on
i  love  skype dates
picking up some job applications today  smile 
"\easy now fuzzy little man peach\"""""
"i miss san <propfirst>, i miss the city  i miss the sound of traffic, i miss sidewalks, i miss things being in walking distance  i miss the buzz of power lines, i miss the smell of smog  but what i miss most is the people  i miss my friends, i miss having friends, i miss people in general "
"2 1 2 hours sleep    if anyone says goodmorning, i will not be responsible for my actions"
obsession for the month: lie to me-- best show ever
need an ipod so i don't go crazy at work
needs a better internet connection before i go insane and murder everyone around me!!!
"ok, so the lie to me obsession is waning since i'm waiting for season 3 so    new obsession of the week: torchwood! yay"
listening to the rain  smile 
"my day at work \my boss: what do you think you’re doing?\me: making a copy of the maid sheet \my boss: no! she’s working with you  with you  with-you  what part of with you don’t you understand?\i was so embarrassed the rest is a bit of a blur  i mumbled something and she commented again and then she called me ‘sweetie’ or something equally demeaning and slapped my ass, yes, she slapped my fucking ass    wtf??"
"i can't even fake a smile cuz theres no one to fake it for    \wow, thats really depressing  im gonna go to sleep now"
"happy thanksgiving!!! got off work at 12, yay!  smile  headin off to see tangled in 3d"
my computer crashed again  so now i'm re-reading the lord of the rings  laugh 
"two bounty hunters just showed up at my house  at 12 smile 0 at night, in the middle of nowhere prosser  totally random"
note to self: never drink a 5 hour energy and a rockstar in the same day again  ever 
i need a spock tshirt  annoyed 
could i pull off dreads? cuz if i could that'd b sick  laugh 
i finally found the great deku! yay!
"\i do not like the cone of shame\"" watching up  smile """
almost froze my fingers off at work  note to self: gloves= good
i just want to sleep  like forever  because i don't want to do this anymore 
"voyage of the <propfemale> treader was freaking awesome!! much better than <propmale> caspian, which wasnt all that great  if u havent seen it, go see it!"
19 rooms + 7 hours = exausted me > >
new futurama episodes  laugh 
its snowing
need to hear back from jobcorps!!! going insane  annoyed 
i need to get the fuck out of here  yesterday 
just lost boggle to my mom 72-70  but i cleaned out my change jar $23
"\circles are really great papi\"" lol catching up on the l word"""
jobcorp epic fails
guess who gets to work seven days straight while my coworker recovers from a terrible kitchen accident?? i do!! but seriously she's really hurt  prayers and well wishes are appreciated 
"\wanna see the new dish i bought? its square and its round    i like things that are different  that's why i married your father \"" lol  love  u mom"""
fb chatting with my mom from my room while she is in the kitchen  20 ft away  this is sad
you know you're in the middle of nowhere when you've been waiting five minutes for a one minute youtube video to load  i freaking hate slow internet connections!!!
"just watched a bug's life  it was the first dvd my family ever owned, it came for free with our turquoise imac back in the day  laugh "
"ok, so it turns out the only way i can get anywhere with jobcorps in san <propfirst> is to be in san <propfirst>    anyone wanna let me crash on their couch for a week or two? i don't eat much   "
"fuck it nevermind  this isn't going to work, i'm not going anywhere  i'm never getting out of here  fuck you, jobcorps "
"uggh  my laundy is piling up and my room is a biohazard!! i need a day off so i can clean   wait, that doesnt work "
i'm so tired i literally can't sleep    it wouldnt be so bad if i didnt have work tomorrow
i've been so happy about doing laundry before   yay!
wft?! smithers was black?? season 1 of the simpsons sucked in comparison to more recent ones
am i the only one who finds gabbo to be both creepy and disturbing??
just got internets on my phone! yay
"if i've learned anything from <propfemale> trek, its that nobody bleeds in the future  seriously, have u ever watched it? theres no blood  like ever, and if there is, it shows up in the next scene and then magically disappears or switches sides lol"
2min 8 seconds in and a red shirt is already dead   when will they learn? dont wear a red shirt!
is it like spring or sumthin?! bc just today ive seen my cat and some cows gettin it on  coulda done without that mental picture   
i wont b eating chocolate for a while  you kinda lose your appetite for it when you clean up chocolate toddler vomit first thing in the morning  *gag*
mah brain iz ded!
we've got the cops and the fire dept at work bc a very tall 2 yr old managed to lock her auntie out of their hotel room 
"i have the most amazing aweome mom ever!!!! \not only did she bring me my migraine meds at work yesterday, she stayed and helped me do the laundry!!!\xoxoxoxoxo i  love  my mommy"
i hate church
"its my day off, my room is clean, my laundry is done, i even organized my junk drawer  i dunno what to do with myself  annoyed "
i dreampt of zombies  laugh  twas epic
"\i haven't cried like that since titanic\"" lol"""
my mom wont let me name my kitten <propmale>  annoyed  speaking kittens our other kitten found her way on the roof last night  we were guessing how she would get bak down when we heard something slide down the wall of the trailer  <propfemale> got down  laugh  lol
thou shalt watch claymore > >
spring cleaning!!! yay  laugh 
watching disney movies with my cousins lol they're funnier than the movies
