9ee314f0ad5a06a203730799a57bdbac
neeed       something       to do!!!!!
"note to self: i miss you terribly, this is what we call a tragedy, come back to me, come back to me, to me   "
why is shit so confusing? and why does it feel like i keep falling for these games and still end up in the same position? is there really only one reason to say no?
spilling the mind and whats left of a heart onto paper all that i can do with them anymore
one    two    hey fuck you! three    four    she's a fucking whore! five    six    check out this bitch! seven    eight    she's nothing great! nine    ten    she's fuckin someone else again!
"cupid shot an arrow and it pierced my eye, because i cant help but stare every time she walk by, one day mabey ill get the nerve to try, but right now i couldnt handle rejection my heart may die"
what do you do when the one you truely love appears to feel almost nothing for you and everything for someone else
"love is a four letter word, but so is pain, they always come together and everything seems so mundane, all i ever wanted was to give you my love, but now im looking down at you from up above, you seem happy now without me, i gues this is just how things had to be, i gues this is it, saying goodbye, i just wish your love wasnt a lie"
"love is a four letter word, but so is pain, they always come together and everything seems so mundane, all i ever wanted was to give you my love, but now im looking down at you from up above, you seem happy now without me, i gues this is just how things had to be, i gues this is it, saying goodbye, i just wish your love wasnt a lie, looking back i wish we could be together, but now i realize nothing will last forever"
"when two become one, my story for creative writing, is on one of my note thingys and i wana hear what yall think of it"
"im loosing control of my head and i fear that its time to get crazy, im loosing my sanity again and again, they say im sick and i need medicine, but i wont take it cuz there is nothin that can help me from all these voices in my head again"
"peace <propfemale>! goin to vegas, but ill be back"
"tomorrow, i come home  cant wait to come back to my bed and my friends that i call family"
any body know if it is an a or b day tomarrow? i am clueless
fighting to keep my eyes open is not fun
"i'm gone and hot headed when rage gets the best of me, i'm falling to pieces so you can blame it on the rest of me, my heart and soul especially, they got the keys to my mind as we ride over drive into <propfemale>"
i has popcorn and my cat is begging me for some
wooo finally got some artwork up here
my minds became your wind-up toy spun so tight that ill never stop
i totaly wana do something outrageous ridiculous amazing with my hair but idk what
apparently if your cookie is in three pieces the answer is no
"ever since i can remember, ive always wanted to be a gangster"
why is today sooooooo boorrrrrriiiiinnnnnnnggggg
"woke up today i was steamin, cuz when i found out i was not dreamin, because the host that afloats me the most was a goddam demon"
my throat feels like its trying to kill me  wtf!
"all my islands have sunk in the deep, so i can hardly relax or even oversleep, i feel as if i were home, some nights, when we count all the ship lights, i guess i’ll never know why sparrows love the snow, we’ll turn off all of the lights and set this ballroom aglow, so tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love (all the time)"
today has been far too uneventfull and boring
staring at the setting sun  no reason to come back again  the twilight world in blue and white  the needle and the damage done  i don't want to feel this way forever  a dead letter marked return to sender so push the seats back a little further roll the windows down and take a breath i can see the headlights coming they paint the world in red and broken glass
"dirty history, it's all the same, ain' no livin' soul gonna take the blame, for all the suicidal things i did, all the pain that was caused to acheive a wish, suffering, body recovering, struggling, when things start bubbling, can't wash away what's not seen, guess we all gotta little dirty history"
do i really wanna see so clear even though i know bad things might appear tell me that it's not a waste of time to ride around and stare up here to try and clear my mind
"??? ?????, ??????? ??????????? ? ????????? ?????, ?? ??????? ?????? ?? ??????  ? ?????, ??????? ???? ???? ???????, ???????? ???, ?????? ??? ???, ? ?? ? ?????????: ???? ??? ????? ?????????, ? ?????? ??? ??????? ????  ?? ????????? ????? ???? ? ?????, ?????? ????? ????: `???????? ?? ??? ?????? ????, ?????????? ? ????? ?? ???? ??? ??????`  ? ?????? ???????????? ?????? ???, ??? ????? ??? ???? ???"
i must be blind becuase i cannot see what she saw in this world that she loved ever so much
"the days of insomnia where all hear is your heart beat, all you see is figments of your immagination and all you feel is that warm blanket you grab ever so tightly as you wait for the sleep that shal never come"
"dirty history, it's all the same, ain no livin soul gonna take the blame, for all the suicidal things i did, all the pain that was caused to acheive a wish, suffering, body recovering, struggling, when things start bubbling, cant wash away what's not seen, guess we all gotta little dirty history"
nihilism 
"imma put my best foot forward on this night, put a couple of hands of grease in my hair an in my eyebrows and now i'm tight  i wanna be with a woman and just this one, but the taste of blood is still on my tongue   if i could just eat food instead of her d boobs, i want this one alive when the morning comes"
i wana head out to the hood to <propfemale> out with the hoodlums
"someone get be the hell outa my house, please!"
"feels like shit, <propfemale> vu"
"show me a god, ahh, i'm kinda feelin' that it is a fa§ade, show me a god, ahh, and if it is, why ain't he doin' his job, show me a god, ahh, even if it's a thing, a man, or a broad, show me a god, please let me know something is listening when i'm down on my knees"
"hmm tomarrows an a day, and i have no clue what classes i have"
a or b day tomarrow?
is back in buisness
august is going to come too soon   
need something to do!
"dam senioritis, its hittin hard"
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
aint nothin bettah or wettah than that box
"need sleep, these thoughts need to end"
i wana be forever young
so im bored as hell and soon to be home alone    woo
"no im not a <propmale>, brotha ima grown up, no im not a virgin, i use my cojones"
"\the hopeless romantic sometimes wins\"" the key word there is sometiems"""
time to go read my book
"ticket in hand, fugs in my pocket, but no ride to the show  annoyed "
"i am the stone that the builder refused, i am the lost letter the poet didnt use, i am the color thats naked to your eye, i am the bird who swore he couldnt fly, i am the painting that got locked away, i still remain unkown to this day"
"working on my crazyyyy drawing, i need the most abstract and random ideas to include in this drawing, this this is going to be the definition of epic"
"i am the stone that the builder refused, i am the lost letter the poet didnt use, i am the color thats naked to your eye, i am the bird who swore he couldnt fly, i am the painting that got locked away, i still remain unkown to this day"
they say you should take life by the horns    well what if i wanted to grab it by the horns and rip them suckahs off
sooo fucking nice out and im stuck home  bull  shit 
i'm lit like a candle and they hating  cause i'm hot like a left sink handle
can you say beautiful outside and bored as hell?
<propmale> fitches
scholarship hunting never was so boring
im on the pursuit of happiness
"some days wouldn't be special, if it wasn't for rain joy wouldn't feel so good, if it wasn't for pain death gotta be easy, 'cause life is hard it'll leave you physically, mentally, and emotionally scarred"
yet another beautiful day and again im stuck inside with almost nothing to do
hrmmm i think i got about 9 or 10 weeks left in <propfemale>    things are gona be interesting
so i found out something very serious the other day    im fuckin weird
"yall know me, i dont need no introduction, call me i can make a little something outa nothing"
is going to the bank then to buy my 2002 mazda protege! dam am i excited
hmm i have an hour with nothing to do
"bored as shit, just wana go somehwhere"
"reallly wana do something today, no plans at all"
thunder cats are goooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
"everytime i open up my mind shit gets balistic, every time i open up my hands shit gets sadistic, everytime i open up my heart i get massacistic"
there is no joy in this world without pain
dam i am so excited to start having to pay 200 bucks a week even though i dont have a job
"bored as shit, who wants to chill before i head out to my padre's?"
"good luck, for your sake i hope heaven and hell are really there, but i wouldn't hold my breath  you wasted life, why wouldn't you waste death"
"feeling a bit insane, time to lay down"
"sooo uhh totaly got my hair cut today, its really short"
"ohio has so few cops, its just ridiculous"
glad to be back in the 410
"thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday, it definately has been a great one"
"first class at aacc, this shall be fun"
my car comes back to me today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"class = boring as shit, work = slow as shit, now bored as fuckkkk"
insomnia
"when i die, i hope they bury me deep, because i do not want to be bothered by haters"
tomarrow ill be in ohio 
always been outa my leauge
i dont care what they think about me  my mental evaluation says i need help
"im the one that the fake all love to hate, but know everthing about me like we used to date  its time to set things straight cuz im the super killa fragalistic one thats great"
"i dont care about a punk ass shrink, all he wants to do is medicate the way i think, and i can do that shit on my own, so i dont need any help from some unknown, head therapist tellin me how it is, trying to get me to tell them my bis, i get pissed i dont need this fool, you think ima break down and trust you? i dont care what they think about me, my mental evaluation says i need help"
"tonight, i go to sonar"
"i want your heart, your soul, and your mind, but you gave me your body, your tears, and your blood "
time    to find something to do
"school    definitely hating it  hours upon hours of almost every day taken out of your life, all for what? a piece of paper that some employers cream their pants over  woopdydo  id rather just work for the rest of my life on this earth  i fucking hate school"
"what happens when you thought you could, but cant  when everyone has such high hope and goals for you, but they're too far out of reach  when things so precious to you will get taken away, all because your just trying to keep sanity and control  this is failure "
<*mah jeh mah*>
shutdown 
"im on my way, im moving top speed, no lookin back so dont even wave to me, im goin forward, time to change what i believe  in other words im following my dreams "
"cant nobody change me or what i believe,  so i make it a need to go out and achieve, out done by god's son, fueled my death's run, thought my time was up but my journey has just begun "
congratulations facebook! i hate you!
"this is the time to unravel the strings of chaos, when your mind is missing so much time but hasn't lost, anything, everything, bring what you need, because life now rides on death's steed, leaving a trail of death and decay, now watch as all our lives wither away "
yeahh     so how long does it take for the pain to actually be worth waiting? wish i could answer that
"im so abstract when it comes to my flow, you can blame it on the holy water cuz its got my hyped  forreal"
"if i keep holding my breath, all of this will fade away \\if you keep driving we'll be lying in the wreck \\changing the shape,\\folding like an envelope to keep each other in \\shattered glass, broken looks, and mascara gets\\washed away by windshield wiper blades "
do i really wana see so clear even tho i know bad things might appear
ive got some issue that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring outta me
"i was at work when i thought of this: its been over 9 months since my last relationship and sadly that was shitty and short-lived, whats more sad is that the one before that was another 9 or 10 months before  its been a while   "
words cant describe these feelings
yea  i fucked up  big time 
its not fun sharing a body and mind
i gues we all got some dirty histroy
got a new job
how is it that its so easy to love others but so hard to love thyself
sometimes i truely wonder if you words really ment anything that night   
"father, hold my head and hand steady as i walk through the valley of all that is evil, and pray for those who cross my path, for they must face my swift hand of wrath, as the world sees its final task, its final test  a chapter that is i "
can you say nobody home? and bored?
"mkay, i wana watch a movie, <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world, the e playful endables, the sorcers apprentice or the town, i cant choose"
"tonight is going to be a full <propfemale> lunar eclipse, 3 am it shal be <propfemale>, this happens like once every 300 or 500 years  i know im stayin up to see it"
time to register my classes for next semester
yep  movie time  the town  looks weird  really weird 
port break 
"<propfemale> christmas to me, got myself an amazing program for them beatz"
"thinkin about drawing, no clue what to draw tho  annoyed \"
worrkkkkkkkkkk
finally got my new corvette blue cologne  sooo in love with corvette
well my computer decided it no longer wants to work anymore  thankyou ipod touch for reconnecting me to internet
join the army? thinkin about it
attempting to revive a crippled computer
i should try not to be so contagious
"i feel like drawing, but dunno what to draw  annoyed  suggestions?"
"hmm aacc opening at 10, but my first class stats at 930 and goes on till 1045, grrr  ima be there all day"
"haters always hatin, fakers always perpetratin, all believers always scheming hate to see us celebratin, all the quiters, all the snitchers always gossipin and trippin, they have no ambition so they can't see my vision"
new speakers?
"valentines day, the most pathetic excuse of a holiday  purely made to make money for hallmark, chocolate companies, and florists"
"got home from work, storm door was locked    epic fail  madre leaving her driod on loud, epic win!"
