d009dd236db19fc41907be29ac26277d
i just picked berries! yummy!
is at the beach!
thinks that it's too hot out!
saw <propmale> potter 6  it was pretty good 
going to the beach today!
back from the beach  sad   the weather was so nice there!
pool party tomorrow!
i get my school schedule tomorrow  smile 
school next wednesday  sad 
it's the weekend!
finished my homework! didn't have much at least 
i think it should be friday!
school tomorrow  sad 
yay! 3 day week!
pizza  smile 
what's with the new facebook?
"had an awesome weekend, but now i have to do homework that i had been putting off   "
we only go to school 2 days next week! thats going to be so awesome 
chocolate cake is so good!
i just tripped going up the stairs! i am just talented like that 
4 day weekend  laugh 
i just ate my amazing apple pie from culinary arts class! i actually didn't mess up on it 
happy thanksgiving!!
i get to go to disneyland and palm springs over winter break! i'm so excited!
miss california!! wish winter break could have lasted longer so i wouldnt have to be back stuck in school annoyed 
friday!!!!
american idol tonight!!
saw sherlock holmes yesterday! it was really good!
the weekend is not long enough!
glad we have a three day weekend!  love  happy valentines day!
is getting a new horse! super excited!
can't wait to go to the beach on thursday  smile  so glad it's spring break!
watched 2012 last night  amazing special effects! went on the beach today  saw some people riding horses  i need to bring my horse to the beach!
i love the days where you wake up and just know that its going to be a great day smile 
i got some string to make bracelets with!
thanks to everyone who said happy birthday to me yesterday smile 
i got my permit!!!!! went driving for the first time in <propmale> city!
"if you like this \status i will go to your wall and post something i like about you   \repost for a challenge  spread the love  [:"
"\only in the dark in <propfemale> could anything that special happen\"" - <propfemale> de haven"""
sonic for lunch!! first time there!
i love <propfemale> goodrich
all i see is white outside!!!!!!  smile 
"changeyour fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? notto see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste this as your status & invite your friends to do the same"
i got a chocolate bar bigger then my head   
just had a gno with <propfemale> de haan and <propfemale> mignano   love 
i haven't looked outside in a while then i just looked and i see a ton of snow built up on the ground  smile 
snow dayyy  love 
