253e5d3f3c1aa14b243e5f03c239be91
i wish that i didn't have physchology class tonight! too tired!
wanting to know how the hell i am going to get all of my school work done!
why are all the good men taken? i am really tired of that crap!
"why do your so called friends act one way to your face, but stab you in the back when you are not looking?!? there's a couple words in the dictionary  number 1 is: mistake and number 2 is: forgiveness  look it up! then you can kick yourself in the ass for treating me like crap!"
i like to thank the people who are my true friends! i appreciate all of you and i'm glad that i have all you special people in my life! it makes my life worth living!
i'm having brunch  i'ts been a busy morning 
i went out in all of this snow for class tonight and only 7 of us showed up for class  pointless!
i wish i didn't have to go anywhere today  i hate the snow!  sad 
i'm glad that you had fun! have a great day!  smile 
god is wonderful!!!!!!!!!  smile 
god please let my cousin <propmale>'s scope be negative and heal what is making him sick!!! god please heal my aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propfirst>!!!! god please make anyone else that isn't feeling well feel better!!!!
i hope that everyone has a safe and wonderful night!
"my daughter, my sister <propfemale>, my niece <propfemale>, and i went and saw <propfirst>'s day today  it's a good one to go see "
i just had a <propmale> anxiety attack! i thought that i was going to have a heart attack!
i'm getting ready to study for my psychology test 
i had my psychology test tonight  i think that i did pretty well   smile 
i just want to thank all of my friends and family for being there for me when i needed them the most! i love you all!  smile 
have a  beautiful day everyone!  smile 
i feell like i am going in the wrong direction and don't know where to turn!
i can't wait until spring break from my school 
hoping that everyone has a wonderful day!!  smile 
i really feel loved today!  smile 
time to go to sleep   
i have a lot of thingss to do and not enough time to do them in 
my thoughts and prayers are with the ones that i love   i miss you!!
my friends and family that need my prayers to help them try to get through what they are going through 
thanking god that i have the friends and family that i do have!!! he is awsome!!!  smile 
there are people that come into your life that you simply can't live without  please let me be one of those people that you simply can't live without 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a smack upside the head  people who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head, except a smack upside the head, but we can raise awareness9 hours ago · comment ·unlikelike"
god sends us angels  we call these angels our friends   smile 
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost the battle with cancer, and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer month "
getting ready to do some algebra homework and quizes online  i am also studying for an    http annoyed  chatter com a 607sf?ref=nf
tomorrow's the day of the scentencing hearing against my ex!!! it is scheduled for 1 smile 0   smile  i hope he gets what he deserves!!!
the hearing for the sentencing was today  he got 60 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
have you hugged your child children today and tell the that you love them?!!!!?  smile 
i hope that i can get a job really soon!!!
happy father's day to all of the wonderful fathers out there!!! have a great day!!!  smile 
thanking god for what i have and who i have in my life!!!!!!!!  smile 
"wishing i had a job, to be able to support my daughter and myself   sad "
"let's\flood facebook with this!!!   i pledgeallegiance to the flag of the\united states of <propfemale>, and to therepublic, for which it stands; \one nation under god indivisible, withliberty and justice for all  \repost if you think god, our country, andour flag deserve \   respect!!   let's    see how many <propfemale>ns will repost9 hours ago"
"police officers\work the streets day & night to keep us safe   missing their family\to care for yours  in 2010 there have been 88 officers killed in the\line of duty  this is police officer appreciation week  (repost if you\are a police officer, love a police officer, or appreciate an officer )"
"when we all see jesus, what a day of rejoicing that will be   on wholikes it "
god please forgive me for being so stupid!!! i really hate myself right now and i don't think that i will ever like myself again!!!
sometimes i wish i was a kid again   smile 
trying to be as optimistic as i can be about things right now 
"depression\is nota sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be \strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has\or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for \atleast an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week"
sooooo bored!!!!  sad 
i wish that i had something to do tonight  this sucks!!!  sad 
"__prayer alert!!? for a fb friend's daughter audrin <propmale>  hold the family up in prayer today  her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer  if you see this post, even if you dont know her, god knows    please post to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for thelittle girl and god bless you for doing    see more"
spread cancer awareness and let's pray for the victims
"promise to my children: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why i do it  then i will know you are a responsible adult    all becausei love you! you will never find someone who loves & cares about you more than your mom! copy & paste if you feel the same"
"<propfirst> lohan who? i cant believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old  here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about: <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propmale> weikert 29, justus bartett27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26, <propmale>hew <propmale> 23, <propfirst> goeke 23, & <propmale> tate 27  these 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week  repost if you support the military"
"fox\news report:attention: do not join the group currently on facebook with\the title ''becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life''it's\a group of pedophiles aiming to access photos  copy & post this to \your status before    people start using your pictures  all   parents & grandparents, be aware  copy    & post so       all family& friends will be aware!!"
my family is great!!!  smile  i love them!!!  smile 
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles, salon cuts for ponytails, long showers for quick showers, late nights for early mornings, designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  lets see how many moms repost this  moms who don't care about whatever they gave up, instead love what they get in return  repost this if you're a mom and love your kids!"
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  (i grew up saying this every morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone)  now, let's see how many <propfemale>ns will repost and not care about offending anyone !"
urgent prayer request for a 22 month old boy  he shot himself with a nail gun and is in critical condition    please pass the prayer request along for this family!!!
to commit suicide as they felt hopeless and were in a pit of dispair   very sad  if any of my fb friends are contemplating suicide don't do it
"cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older \as forever friends     smile  repost this if you ever had a cousin that made\you smile!"
been up since about 12 smile 0 a m  it's almost 5 surprise 0 a m  now  probably won't go back to bed for a couple of hours more  busy doing school work 
god is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
it's a great day!!!  smile 
god has blessed me so much!!! thank you god   for my many blessings in my life!!!  smile 
happy birthday <propfemale>!!!  smile  i hope that you have a wonderful day!!!  smile 
"god is great!!! he knows what he's doing!!!  smile  sometimes in life, you don't think it's for your own good because, you don't things should turn out the way they do sometimes  he gives us struggles, so we can become stronger people!!!  smile "
"god   please show me the way, to be a better person "
"aaaaaaaaa   cccchoooo!! if you're allergic to bs, drama, liars, and fake people and general ignorance!, keep this sneeze going35 minutes ago · comment"
god   i know with you   all things are possible!!!  smile  you have filled my life with great joy   love to you always!!!  smile 
"god gave us life, so we could do his work her on earth  but, in all honesty, who does that? we as human beings, need to wake up and live for god!!! he was good enough to us   to let us be able to live!!! let us return the favor!!!  smile "
3 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years old: mom whatever   17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom'shouse  41 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would give up everything for my mom to be here with me  re post if you appreciate your mom! i love you mom!!?
"my dear facebook friends, may god be with you in your dreams  have a wonderful night!!!  smile "
god bless this glorious day!!!  smile 
"everyone's\phone number is now on facebook  go to the top right of your \screen,click account then edit friends  go to the leftside of your \screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone <propfirst> are now being \published  please repost to let your friends know this is happening so"
god bless everyone that i have in my life!!! i love you all!!!  smile 
good morning everyone!!!  smile  i wish you all the best for a wonderful day!!! love to all of you!!!  smile 
god bless you uncle <propfirst> and aunt <propfemale>!!! <propfemale> and i have you in our prayers!!!
"live your life to the fullest, laugh until you pee your pants, and love until the day you die "
"living and loving my life, because i still have my health, my family, and friends, that i hold close and dear to my heart!!!  smile "
"sometimes i think that i have the worse luck in the world!!!  sad  but, then i remember there are others that are a lot worse off than i am!!!"
"kids with special needs are not sick or gross, they only want what we all want   to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way  smile "
"when you are struggling in life, talk to god!!! he will answer you!!!  smile "
thanksgiving is coming!!!  smile  bring on the turkey!!! yum!!!  smile 
thanksgiving is a time to reflect on who we have in our lives and what we are truely thankful for  let us thank god that we have have the wonderful people we have in our lives!!!  smile  don't ever take them for granted!!!
happy thanksgiving to all of my wonderful family and friends!!!  smile  i hope that you all enjoy your holiday!!!  smile 
god works in mysterious ways!!!  smile  i am finally happier than i have ever been!!!  smile 
things are finally starting to go my and <propfemale>'s way!!! thank the lord!!!  smile 
thank you god for giving me the family and friends that i have in my life!!! i couldn't ask for a better life!!!  smile 
i just got done printing up 10 copies of my updated resume  hopefully this will help me get a job sooner   smile 
the only thing that i want for christmas is a job!!!
"important annoyed the whole changing your profile picture to your favorite cartoon \character thing was actually created by a group of pedophiles, because \if children see pictures of cartoons they will add them  it was \currently on the program \internet frauds\"" and will apparently be on tv \",253e5d3f3c1aa14b243e5f03c239be91,"wow!!!  it's really cold outside!!!  it's 13 degrees, but it feels like 0 degrees!!! brrrrr!!!"
thank you for changing your profile picture back <propfemale>!!!   smile 
redbull: i'm a woman in a relationship 
god is great!!! god is good!!! god is doing what he should!!! amen!!!  smile 
i love my life and all the people that are a part of it!!!  smile 
things are starting to look up!!! it's an awsome day!!!  smile 
the snow and ice really need to go away for a long long time!!!
i wear make up - so i'm fake  i like to get dressed up - so i love myself  i say what i think - so i'm a bitch  i cry sometimes - so i'm an attention seeker  i talk to guys - so i'm a flirt  i stand up for myself - so i'm mouthy  i like food - so i'm fat  seems like you can't do anything these days without being labeled  so label me! i don't give a crap  re-post this if your proud of who you are ?
god has blessed me with the most wonderful family and friends!!! thank you god!!!  smile 
strawberry 
live life to the fullist!!! don't take your life for granted!!!
love and trust in god always!!!  smile 
"hi lord, it's me  we are getting older and things are getting bad here  gas prices are too high, no jobs, food and heating costs too high  i know some have taken you out of our schools, government, and even christmas; but lord i'm asking you to come back & re-bless <propfemale>  we really need you! thank you lord, i love you  (repost if yo   u agree )\3"
"in this life some rain must fall, but the sun will also shine on my face!!!  smile "
"to my children  i make mistakes, sometimes more than i would like to admit, being a mom  but i will always be there for you, to hear you, to cheer you, to laugh or cry with you, to protect you with my life, and to love you for eternity with all my heart! no one will ever love you more than i do, i'm your mom! re-po      "
i had to work 10 hours today and it was such a wonderful feeling!!!  smile 
thank you everyone for all of your birthday wishes!!!  smile 
thank you again everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!  smile 
"acchoo!!   ?(-???•?)?    if you're allergic to bullcrap, drama, head games, liars, & fake people, keep this sneeze going        "
"when i was a kid i didn't have nintendo ds, i had a tonka truck, and a sandbox  if i didn't eat what my mom made, i didn't eat  and i dealt with it  i didn't think of telling my parents, no, and i got my butt beat if i did  life wasn't hard, it was life   and i survived  repost if you appreciate the way you were raised "
