dbd56f9acb15a83e2a6b5ca34e0f2b6e
"everyone have a happy and safe new year! please remember don't drink and drive, no one wants to start the new year by losing someone they love!"
"ahh, all you suv drivers need to realize 4 wheel drive helps your vehicle go, nothing  & i mean nothing gaurentees your vehicle will stop on icy roads! please be careful out there & watch out for others who fail to watch out for themselves!"
"oh what an absolutely beautiful day, unfortunately i'm at the office trying to play catch up!"
"what an absolutely beautiful day, sunshining bright, few clouds in sight! my kinda day!"
ugh is it really monday already?!!
working and working hard!
"what a beautiful day! nice and <propfemale>, not hot perfect day!"
"<propfemale> is in my thoughts and prayers  to my praying friends please keep my aunt mc in your prayers, she's having knee replacement surgery tomorrow, we lost my dad after complications from that surgery!"
praying today for my friends and family!
"thankful, my aunt's surgery went well! thanks for the prayers everyone!"
trying to catch up after a much needed vacation!
"please pray for a woman named <propfirst>, she's just been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer she's beat breast cancer 2x but now it's in bones, lungs and liver! god give her peace, strength and supportive friends and family!"
"okay, i've put some time in at the office, now it's time to go home and figure out something for dinner!"
my sister and i both bought new laptops so i had some fun helping her figure some things out! yea!
okay all you hogan family relatives get together on saturday sept 26th at the erie zoo playground! be there!
"poor kids lousy weekend and now back to school, so glad i don't have to join them!"
yea! diet's going pretty good lost 10 lbs so far!!!
"beautiful day! <propfemale>, warm looks like a great weekend ahead!"
"okay, guess it's time to go to bed, two nights of staying up late and i think i'm gonna need to sleep in this morning!"
"yuck, cold, wet night in dreary erie!"
happy birthday little <propfemale> bear is 2 today!
"is exhausted!  long day, lots of work and now a little time to play!"
"okay everyone the <propfirst> kanzius cancer research teletron will be airing on nbc, cbs & the cw on thursday from 5-8  or if you want to donate before hand you can go to www kanziuscancerresearch org"
"the good news is that the kanzius cancer research telethon earned @$140,000~not bad for 3 hrs in our current economy!"
"sorry jenn, i had to steal her! <propfemale>, maybe soon i can get an updated one of <propmale> & <propfirst> to use as my profile picture, lord knows these little ones are cutier than i'll ever be!"
"okay, time to get off to bed busy day tomorrow, shopping with mom, hopefully getting into the office for a little while and then out to what <propfemale> bear so mommy and daddy can go to a wedding!"
"i'm so bummed, i got sick yesterday so i couldn't watch my <propfemale> bear, but i'm thankful that my brother <propfirst> was able to take my mom shopping!"
a day to hopeful rest and recover!
hogan family reunion today!
"time for bed, after a day with an unbelievable headache, and just feeling plan worn out!"
i love my family! thanks for being in my world!!!!!
home again home again jigga <propfirst> jig!!
"ok really it's a 39 degrees outside, is this oct or dec? yuck, wet snow on the car this morning and even worse millcreek police at my door this morning, somehow my phone dialed 911 while i was finally asleep such a rude wake up call! now verizon can't get here til monday! good gravy this is crazy!"
is this day over yet?  ughhh i hate when tuesdays feel like mondays
headed to see my sister and niece to pick up the necessary supplies to take to tampa on sunday!! can't wait to see my <propfemale> bear tonight and my eldest niece <propfemale> for her big 39th bday monday!!
time for bed i think!
"packing, laundry, trying to make sure i don't forget anything, phone's having trouble again, can't believe it!"
"okay, now they move departure time by a whole hour, and it's a good thing i'm paranoid enough to check the websights cuz i woulda missed my flight out of erie! so now i'm hoping my brother & sister-in-law don't mind an earlier arrival for ride and carsitting duties!"
"thanks <propfemale>, the info about restoring facebooks old look by going to more on the left hand side and dragging status updates to the top was a great help! i'm reposting so my niece can share it with her friends too! hey, everyone epcot was lots of fun but man am i wiped out!!!!!!!!! getting old sucks! happy birthday <propfemale> dyd"
"okay all my hometown people it's gonna be like 90 degrees today, so <propfemale> just for you i'm gonna take a nice walk outside and try to warm you up by proxy! so think of sunshine and warmth and you'll know i'm thinking of you!"
tampa aquarium was awesome! i highly recommend it to anyone taking a vacation down this way!
"oh it's been a long saturday, and i'm needing to shut this brain off so i can go to sleep after 15+ hours of travel home from vac  thanks <propfemale> and jamy for a great time in tampa, thanks <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propmale>, & <propfemale> for a great last night and enjoyable football game!"
"sad news of my aunt <propfemale> passing away on friday night, she was 78 but it was kind of une playful ected  rip aunt <propfemale>, peace to you and uncle <propmale> you're in my thoughts and prayers, i can't imagine the loss you feel after so many yrs together!"
"oh, i'm so tired!!!! and the neighbor felt the need to do hammering at 7 surprise 0am this morning, are you kidding me?!!!?!?!?!?@$@$#%@$%&^#%^*$^&(&*%)()"
"we go from hammering to the stereo loud enough that i can't hear my own tv, so i guess it's time to go ask for a little respect for the rest of us in the building!!!!!"
"okay <propfemale>, you can tell your friends you sent me home to 34 degrees, you can tell 'em that i enjoyed the sunshine while i was there, thanks for sharing the warmth while i was there, tell em they don't need to hoard it all for the south!"
"okay, having way too much fun trying to get verizon to hold up there end of the free wifi deal"
"thank you all for the gifts, for the next week or so please hold them cuz i can't catch up on all this stuff from vacation  and know that i'm thinking of you all and sending gifts in my mind if not online"
"okay, lots of rules but i think i'll finally have the free wi fi by friday, here's hoping it all works out"
"okay, feeling like i've been hit by a train, either caught something on the plane or on my first day back to work! getting a sore throat and my head is throbbing! enough of this junk!"
"okay dear friends please do not send anymore requests until further notice, my internet is not working at home so i can't keep up with everything  as soon as i get this problem rectified i will let everyone know and will again send you all gifts, smiles and requests   thanks, love ya all!"
"too all those who serve and protect, you are in my thoughts and prayers as we all try to understand the events at fort hood! god bless!"
"i'll join with everyone else in wishing you all a happy thanksgiving, may you all remember and share with those you love the blessings of this past year! it's been a tough one for all, but with the help of family and friends we all move forward with hope for a better year to come! god bless!"
"okay, guess i should try going to bed one morning before 3am this weekend  i know i'll pay for it later!"
"can't believe back to work already, so much for the long weekend, it seemed to fly by! then my alarm didn't go off this morning, not the way to start a monday!"
i could use some fruit in treasure madness please!!
time to go enjoy the sweet sleep of an endoscopy!
"i think it might be time to take my afternoon nap, amazing what a little sedation can do to ya! get results in about a week  later everyone, happy friday, be blessed"
"when doing your christmas cards, take one and send it to this address: a recovering american soldier c o <propfirst> <propmale> army medical center 6900 <propfemale> avenue nw; washington, d c  20307  if we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get  pass this on to all your friends  (just copy and paste to your wall if you agree)"
"up nice and early due to <propfemale> weather, now we're just waiting for the big snow to hit later today! yuck! shoveling and gingerly walking on the steps at home so i don't fall and break my neck!"
"hey all you erie-ites & former erie-ites, this weeks extreme makeover is coming to ya from your favorite home town  the cast and crew were here this past summer, it's a woman from the east side of town  pretty cool!"
"the greatest asset, faith the most worthless emotion, self-pity the most prized possession, integrity the most powerful channel of communication, prayer  the most beautiful attire, smile! from list to live by"
"okay, this is supposed to be a great week right, christmas, short work week, then why does everything keep going so dog gone wrong?!@#$%$%@^@^!#$%%^$"
"<propfemale> christmas and happy new year everyone! be blessed, be safe & love on those you have in your life  most of all remember jesus is the reason for the season! without christ there could be no christmas!"
"ah, the day has finally arrived! sending all my love to family and friends alike! wishing a blessed, joyfilled and peaceful christmas! god bless you all abundantly!"
doing some work from home! so glad some pages are available no matter if i'm in the office or at home! if only they all could be!
happy new year everyone!! hope 2011 is filled with many blessings and much joy for everyone!
is wondering at what point does a person's body just give in to the exhaustion? annoyed 
pink
put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered baby loss? the majority won't put it on because unlike cancer baby loss is a taboo  break the silence? in memory of all the angel babies  gone too soon but never forgotten about!!?
"what is it with people, i'm watching the news & listening to people complain @ transportation problems across the country, it's not like the airlines, buslines or trains control the weather, yeah it sucks but come one people we're all doingthe best we can in tough circumstances! you'll enjoy the journey more if you greet people with a smile & a it'll get better attitude!"
"in memory of family, friends who have lost the battle of cancer & the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on you <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  also put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered baby loss? the majority won't put it on because unlike cancer, baby loss is a taboo break the silence? in memory of all the angel babies gone too soon but never forgotten!!?"
"i share both with you because i have  both family, friends who've lost their battle with cancer and who've lost a baby! there's so much love in my heart for all those we've lost & hope for those still fighting so valiantly!"
"is hoping this headache goes away sometime soon! it's been 3 days now it's gotta get better soon, gotta go to work tomorrow!"
hard to believe tomorrow would have been my parents 61st wedding anniversary!
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of everyone  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness        93% won't copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste ? (not making light of cancer or any other illness just a little good humor folks)"
i loved my sister sliding down a hill because i'm not crazy!
loves my mom! for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale>! some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate! (but we can still say thanks for thier love and support!!!) love you mom!!
"without god    our week would be: sinday, mournday, tearsday, wasteday, thirstday, fightday, shatterday  seven days without god - makes one weak!  i had to share this with you all  it makes perfect sense to me  (a friend shared this is i thougth it was great, hope you take it to heart!)"
don't have one!
worm alert : if you get a request from a friend to check out a youtube and it came from what looks like facebook do not open it!! it is a trojan worm and will infect and shut down your computer and take all of your personal info  it is traveling around facebook rapidly  your friends did not send it  copy and paste 
it is so time for this dang headache to go away! feels like someone has driven a spike right up my spinal column and added in some pressure for good measure  if i could only take my eyes out for awhile and relieve the pressure i'd be in heaven!
"if your dad is your hero, whether you are blessed to have him still here with you ,or if he has gone to be with the lord  copy and paste this with his name    john r  little (i love and miss you dad!!!!!)"
"off to bed, shopping with mom in the morning, well what she calls morning  between 11am-12pm*have a great evening everyone, and as one dear friend used to say \sleep with the angels\"""""
"is  dealing with one of two possibilitiies according to the dr  either i've got a very strained muscle in my back or a possible compression fracture of the spine, now just have to deal with it through the weekend and hope to get results of xrays on monday, tuesday at the latest! i've got a high pain tolerance but i just want to be able to breathe without <propmale> ouchies!"
"is praising god that there is no fracture of the spine, and believing for a quick healing of the strain to the t1-c7 area, still painful to breathe but so thankful that it's not more serious   thanks everyone for the prayers and well wishes!"
"today is the international day for the fight against cancer   in memory of those who lost the battle against cancer, and those who continue fighting  i pray for a cure  92% of you won't copy and paste this text to their facebook status, will you? i did for my friends and family "
"to all you yost family and friends, you are in my thoughts and prayers  i'm sorry for your loss!"
"thanks for all the birthday day wishes~ not quite sure what the plans are, depends on the roads, they weren't to nice this morning!"
thanks everyone~
"ok, guess it's time to think about sleep, since it's 2 smile 0am and probably have to do some shoveling tomorrow "
oh yeah looking forward to those low 40's this weekend!!!
"thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, with which i'll never part  god has you in his keeping, i have you in my heart  repost if you have a loved one in heaven"
"whatever you give a woman, she will make it greater  give her sperm, she will make a baby  give her a house, she will give you a home  give her groceries, she will make a meal  give her a smile, she will give you her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if you give her any crap, be ready to receive a ton of s---  post to your profile if you agree"
"okay this is getting a bit ridiculous it's almost 2 smile 0 and i still can't fall asleep, tried reading, a little relaxation music and still no sleep   uggghhhhh!"
"just got home, went out with some school mates, it was great to see some of the old gang, and catch up, have some laughs and even a few photos (everyone who knows me knows how much i hate having my picture taken but   ) can't wait til we can do it again "
"thanks <propfemale> for organizing everyone, hey all you folks that went to school with us, we're hoping we can get together again soon and we don't want to limit it to just the class of 84, but anyone that would like to get together, keep an eye out for our next get together "
"great to see <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> & <propfemale>! hope we'll be able to do it again sometime soon!"
"okay so here we go again, 3 smile 0am & still not asleep, so family friends if there's no answer when you call it's only cuz i'm hoping i'm gonna be sleeping in "
i'm toast!
"yesterday over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in california  in honor of all teachers, copy this into your facebook status  we are willing to post colors of our underwear, and places we were born  let's honor those who have made an impact in all of our lives! in the comments name a teacher who has impacted you!"
yet another night of having trouble falling asleep! this is just ridiculous!
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour? special education week  march 22nd to the 26th  remember, god loves all of his children, so should we!!!!!"
"this is easter week   i am out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross, he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed!! happy easter everyone"
"great night out with the gang tonight! wonderful to see old friends, share some memories and looking forward to more times together in the future!  glad to get back home, i'm plum tuckered out!"
"okay everyone, any photo albums that were from f'acebook antivirus have been erased from my profile, i don't know how they got there but they are no longer on my profile so i'm hoping and praying this will stop any problems anyone has had to deal with  i had not opened the application but somehow it was able to tag people that i do not have in any pictures on my profile  sorry ) -:"
thankful for the phenominal friends god has blessed me with! love you guys!
"???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? o? ??nou? ????s no? ??? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? no? ?i,,,, ???u? ?u??????p ? ?o?? p??o? ??? ?? ?oo? ? ?u???? s?"
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke, your house is a mess, you are drunk as a skunk, or your familly is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one   true friend  you know who you are!  smile "
thoughts and prayers going out to the families & friends of those who've lost loved ones in mississippi! may god comfort you as you endeavor to put your lives back together after the tremendous loss caused by the storms 
"is so excited that the <propfirst> kanzius cancer research project was the #1 finalist in the pepsi refresh program, we are now $250,000 closer to the cure, thanks everyone for voting!"
"ok, profile pic is of my too cutie grand niece <propfemale> <propfemale>!"
tomorrow will be my mom's 81st birthday! happy birthday mom! dinner at smokey bones then to my brother <propmale>'s for dq ice cream cake!
"fyi, according to snopes com there is no plan to start charging to use facebook  check it out for yourself!"
happy mother's day to all you wonderful women out there!  it's the toughest most under-rewarded job in the world!
"while you scream at your woman, there's a \man wishing he could talk softly to her ear while you humiliate, \offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her\how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing \he could make love to her  while you make your women cry there's a m an \stealing smiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against \domestic violence"
"thanks everyone for your prayers for my friends the bach family, <propfemale> went home to be w  the lord this morning surrounded by her husband and children, please continue to lift them up during this difficult time  <propfemale> fought long and hard against breast cancer and was an amazing daughter, sister, wife, mother and friend  rest in peace <propfemale>, free from pain! we love you!"
"it's already been a long week, and man am i ready for a good nights sleep!  too many days of 3 to 4 hrs really starts taking it's toll!"
"i feel like a little kid, overtired and can't seem to fall asleep because of it!"
is   
"ughhh, allergy eyes are burning and itchy!! plus they're tired so they're driving me nuts!  more than usual!!"
is looking forward to seeing friend from vegas and having some fun this next week  i may even make it to waldermeer for the first time in yrs !!
is glad to be home after a long day!
"had lots of fun with my friends, lots of sun, now boy oh boy am i tired and will hopefully sleep like a baby tonight!"
another day of lessons & opportunities to grow! here's hoping next lesson or opportunity is recognized a little quicker!
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  repost if you believe in your heart this is true "
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale>! please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the <propfemale>n soldier \one died for your soul, the other for your freedom "
"depression is not a sign of weakness! it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 4 of us will suffer    from it, at some point in our lives  i copied and pasted, will you?"
"fyi: your phone number is now on facebook!! no joke \go to the top right of your screen, click account then edit friends  go to the left side of your screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone#'s are now being published,you can remove your phone #'s by changing your privacy settings \(privacy settings - phone - customize - only me,       just friends, etc )\please repost to let your friends know this is happening"
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\question their friendship  these friends pickup just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live  repost this if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this "
why is it that 2 days can always go by so unbelievably fast and every other day go by sooooo dog gone slow?
"if your dad is your hero,whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you,or if he is an angel in heaven,copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad ?? ?  i miss you dad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
has had a challenging week!! praying & believing that god is able to bring it all around for good   thankful that everyday brings new mercy!
"um, really   "
can it really be less than 12hrs to go back to work??@#$$@%^$&*& &^^&**(&*^*%$
is so glad it's the weekend!!
"insomnia   uggghhhh how much longer are you gonna be visiting me, and why won't ya just take a vacation far away from me??"
"brothers week    if you have a brother (or 2, 3 whatever) who has made you laugh  pulled your hair  stuck up for you  drove you crazy  hugged you  watched you succeed  saw you fail  picked you back up  cheered you on  made you strong  can't do without  loved you for who you are  then please repost this?     love my brothers, just the way they are, madness & all      smile  miss ya <propfirst>   love  love  love  love "
is glad to be half way through the week  can't wait for a nice quiet weekend!!!!!
" love  love  love  love  love  love  love missing ya big brother, but know you're in a better place, no more pain or suffering  miss your phone calls and visits   love you, rest in peace!  <propfirst> <propfirst> little december 21 1963 to september 23 2002   looking forward to the day we're reunited in heaven!   love  love  love  love  love  love  love "
"chicken soup, oj, tylenol, saltine crackers, & lots of need for sleep, still can't knock this stupid fever, cough, & sore throat to go away!  come on, gotta work tomorrow   no time to be sick!!! ) ="
"ladies, it's october, breast cancer awareness month  if you're over 40, have your mammogram, & even if you're under 40, don't think a lump will go away, get it checked out  because even if you have no family history, you can still get it  my little cousin is proof, she's 36, no family history & she was diagnosed this week  please stand w her & pray for her healing!! thanks!!"
it's been a really long day!!!
is thinking we could all use a little good news!!!!
just wants to say thank you to all my friends and family who were willing to share their faith by living an awesome example for me especially during my <propmale> rebelous high school yrs   because of you i gave my life to christ when i was 19   thank you all for your prayers & chats sharing your faith in jesus   god richly bless you all
"3 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years\old: mom whatever   17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years\old: i wanna leave this house 35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's\house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would\give up everything for my mom to be here with me               post this\on your wall if you appreciate your mom!"
"yeah baby, it's a whole 39 degrees outside, here comes the sn**, i won't say the word cuz i don't think it's appropriate to curse where anyone could read it   lol"
"heat wave of 36 degrees tonight, don't know if i can handle it!"
"i'm also asking prayers for my lil cousin <propfemale>, she had surgery this morning & is battling breast cancer, please keep her and her family in your prayers "
is hoping for a stress free week!
"ah, my favorite holiday is here!!  i'm so thankful for all my family and friends, god has truly blessed me beyond measure!!! have a happy thanksgiving one & all!"
needs this wicked headache to end!!
sprite
i don't need a angel on my christmas tree i already have several in heaven looking down on me          put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas 
"thoughts & prayers for <propfemale>, <propfemale> <propfemale> & <propfirst> edwards on the loss of their mother <propfemale> edwards who tonight lost her 6 yr  battle w  breast cancer   her strength was inspirational, rest in peace ms  edwards  god bless the children as they learn to move forward "
is having a really crappy start to the day!!!!!  sad *
"happy birthday <propfirst>, i sure miss you!!"
"greatest man in history named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe jesus is the reason for the season "
"it's been a long week, looking forward to this one being done!"
only 4 days left to 2010!! here hoping the second decade of this century is a <propmale> improvement to the first!
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along!"
"heavenly father, as we embark upon this a new year, walk through my home, take away all my worries & any illnesses  please watch over & protect my family & friends  in jesus name, amen! this prayer is so powerful, stop what you're doing & set this to your status  watch what he'll do!! believe & receive for we serve a mighty god!!"
feels unbelievably nauseated!!
has booked her trip to vegas!  can hardly wait!!
is so glad this monday is almost over!!
"it's niece's week ! if you have a beautiful niece that you love- copy and paste this to your wall  your niece will hold your hand only for a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime *¨*• ¸¸¸ •*¨*•? put this on your status if you have the most beautiful niece(s)   \i'm personally blessed with 10 beautiful nieces grandnieces!! god is good!"
"virus spreading like wildfire on fb and my space! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it will steal your info,invade your system and shut it down! do not open the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you as a friend, don't accept it ;it is a virus  if somebody on your list adds her, you get the virus too! please copy and paste to your wall  confirmed on snopes  please pass it on!"
is so over this lousy weather!! could we please start talking and seeing spring!!!!
"great superbowl, and way to go green & yellow packers all the way!! so proud of you guys!!!"
"i'm so ready for this week to be over!!  why does it have to drag so slowly when you've scheduled a vacation, then when it finally gets here ya blink and it's over?!!"
"asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour"
"ok so doc says that i'm a walking billboard for why people should get a flu shot, & the way i been feeling these past 4 days he may be right!! all i wanna do is sleep & drink lots of juice~"
is so over this whole flu thing!! i'm starting to feel like a citrus tree after all the oj i've put away this week!  come on body time to heal so i can enjoy my vacation!
is on her way!!!
is in vegas baby!!!  so excited for all that this week will bring!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes! i'm having a fantastic time and will post the pics once i get back home!  going to \the csi e playful erience\"" tomorrow where we get to actually solve the crime! so far one of the best vacations ever!"""
wow i'm having a blast not missing the snow or cold at all!!  so good to get away & spend time with my friends!!
"can't believe my vacation is almost over already!  i've had such a great time with <propfirst>, <propfirst> & <propfemale>, great hosts!  i think i've seen almost all there is to see in vegas, lots of amazing things to be seen & e playful erienced! more fun than any one person can imagine!"
"attn: fb friends, important info     while on fb, look at your url address: if you see http: instead of https: then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked  go to account account settings  account security and select the box for secure browsing  share this with your fb friends to stop the hacking!"
made it 2 <propmale>  <propfirst> <propfirst> &<propfemale> thank you so much i had a wonderful time!!
i have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  there are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this    in the status of all my friends
tired but can't seem to fall asleep tonight!  typical!
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to    be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and    1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point "
"when you <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache  when you open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints  when he sees you living it, he flees  and just when you're about to re-post this, he'll try to discourage you  any takers?"
"we all have at least 200 friends on facebook, but when it comes 2 needing a friend 2 talk 2 how many will actually be there 4 you? i can guarantee not even 10 of your facebook friends will like this! like this status if you`ll be there 4 me   set this as your status and see which friends are there for you!"
"good morning world, hope it turns out to be a <propfemale> \warmer\"" day since we are supposedly in the spring season!!!"""
"i've had several conversations recently about relationships & what women want   well most women i know want to be happy, they want a man who loves god, does what he says he's gonna do, a man who treats her w  respect & who will listen to the answer of a question he has asked!"
long day!! i'm beat & hoping i can sleep tonight!
