db0ee689955ec1e675beb2814e35b078
sadness    i hate holidays
tonight sucks >=[
"ihop with <propfemale>! didnt sleep at all last night  too busy playing \dont spill the beans\"" and \""jenga\"" and having trrampoline dance parties aftr watching american pie 1&2"""
finally i go to bed  nitenite smile 
stamping coupons and watching nickelodean lol it never gets old  smile 
tell me something i dont know  smile 
i need a job   smile  i will be paying for the europe trip myself from now on apparently  smile  but u know wut thts cool it happens  i wont let it get to me  ill finally do sumthn 4 myself
"believes that all of the detours we take on our way through life, god somehow has them lead back to the main road  but that doesn't mean he won't let us e playful erience the roadblocks we face on those detours   no worries though, he knows how much we can handl"
and maybe its not my weekend but its gonna be my year and i'm so sick of watching while the minutes pass while i go nowhere and this is my reaction to everything i fear cause i've been going crazy  i don't wanna waste another minute here
going to see transformers at the midnight showing  wink 
"maybe its not my weekend, but its gonna be my year, i'm so sick of, watching while the minutes pass, as i go nowhere, and this is my reaction, to everything i fear, 'cause i've been going crazy, i don't want to waste another minute here"
saw all of this coming
"wants to go to warped tour this year, please god!! please!!!"
"god help me here  my life is like chaotic and i feel like in going to e playful lode   to much going on, everything freeze!!!"
i have sadness in my heart =[
it's so easy to get lost in constantly having to present whatever face you believe a person wants to see rather than your own 
aaaaahhhhh! frustration!!! @_@;
"i feel a little better, but oh here we go   get ready, this may be a bumpy ride   lol"
thank you    smile 
"i just want to smile    smile  there are many reason for this   besides, who doesnt like to smile?"
no more smiles lol
gtg
frik!!!  sum1 just shoot me   ugh   not literally tho please   
not very happy
hahaha fixed it   
wuts next?
"im so sick of being so powerless and just stuck    i want my car back, i want my life, back i want my freedom back   even if its just the little i had in the first place, im sick of depending on ppl"
why are so many kids having such an aweful summer???
bah!
"we've got it good, whether you like this town or not, i know it's small but with a big head it's bound to get hot in the summer but the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town"
is praying for this job!!!
"blah blah blah, your needs   "
its not enough to say i think about you now  but that was all i had
happy 4th!
is sad cuz she dont wanna stay home for the 4th but the people who i was really looking forward to spending it with are gone  crying 
is just plain tired   
"\you look like the songs that i've heard my whole life coming true\""     and those are some pretty great songs  wink """
"im tired and going slightly insane, which i think isnt so bad"
even if my eyes loose that spark ill always be able to draw strength from the reserve i keep hidden in my heart     hehehe deep rite?
sick of fake ppl!!!
"sick of fake ppl, frik! wud everyone just stop being such prik's!!!!"
"sick of ppl being fake, i wish they wud just stop being so full of themselves and take a look at wuts really going on and how stupid it all is, im very disapointed in you   it hurts"
"i really have no faith in ppl anymore, which may b a good thing   "
why does everyone lie to me?!?!?!?!      *karma*
"hahahaha! my day just got a little bit better, thank you god, oh my!!!! and only one to2 ppl know why  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile "
still slightly annoyed but im not depressed anymore!  hey thats a plus+
still slightly annoyed but im not depressed anymore! hey thats a plus+   wow had a <propmale> emo moment there
grrr        i am not happy with a certain someone      troubled *
"drama oooohhhhhh the drama!!! im partly enjoying it but on the other hand ppl just taking it all so seriously    can no one just laugh at how stupid theyre being and get over it? this is life, make the best of it  deal with it and be happy!!!! get over it"
loving the rain and everything!!!
~you got so much love in you~you've got so much love in you~i'm amazed that i'm talking to you~you look like the songs that i've heard my whole life coming true~
"??? ???? f???, ? ??? g????, ??????g ???????? ?? ???¢???g, ???? ???g???g ???,  ??? ???o? ?u?? ?s??? ??? ?nq `???? ?????d"
"??? ???? f???, ? ??? g????, ??????g ???????? ?? ???¢???g, ???? ???g???g ???, ?z??d ??? ???o? ?u?? ?s??? ??? ?nq `???? ?????d"
has a little bit of sadness
d?n't c?ll th? d?ct?rs í d?n't n??d n? m?díc?tí?n í just n??d ?n? m?r? v?c?tí?n ?nd m?k? ít l?st
yay thunder!!!!! so fun!!
has frustration
"\jealous hearts will leave us all in ruins\"""""
"just so you all know, im not believing anyone!!!!"
i wish ppl wud stop lying to me    but i guess thts wut you call <propfemale>
"u know wut, screw <propfemale>, no such thing, and i dnt care if ppl lie to me bc when it comes down to it i let them say what they want, if they care enough to bother with what i believe then i'm already better than them anyway "
"i can drive again!!!!! thank god!!!!!    seriously, thank him now"
i wont be the one to dissapoint you anymore
i wont be the one to disappoint you anymore
"i think im going to go to bed early tonight,im just tired and a little sad, anyways yeah if u need me text or call  wutevr  nitenite smile "
i rely need to get a job so i can acctually have stuff that i want lol    like say a camera that works!!!!!
i wont be the one to disappoint you anymore
im so ready to have my dreams be my reality!!!
wow im really tired and have to get up and go at 9    so much for sleep 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooo tired   
making my mom a birthday caake!!!!
"you said i knowthat this will hurt, but if i dont break your heart, things will just get worse, if the burden seems too much tobear, remember, theend will justify the pian it took to get us there\"",2009-07-15 03:55:55""",db0ee689955ec1e675beb2814e35b078,"and ill let it be known, at times i have shown signs of all my weakness, and that sumwher in me there is strength  and you promiised me, that you believe, in time i will defeat this, and sumwhere in me, there is strength!"
holy crap this summer is nuts!!!
im so excited!
"we can't hide, we let go we've got more than we know my friends are a different breed my friends are everything make this last, take it slow we've got it all figured out for now so let us live our lives without a doubt"
i'm finding me out i'm having my doubts i'm losing the best of me    
"i'll contrive a way to buy you <propfemale> rings,  i'll sell all of my things or <propmale> a jewelry store, but what good could that do? 'cause love is something that just cant be bought or sold,  it wont come when it's told it only comes from the soul  so do you g"
getting redy 2 leave lol i hate packing
heading to florida! love all byz!!!  smile 
im home! yay!
i think its time to grow up  smile       annoyed     
wants to go back to florida    annoyed \
"bed, nitenite smile "
i wish he did hit you with a chair!!!! ugh! guys!    drive me crazy    
you ppl r crazy lol   crazy!
dont close your eyes or we'll fade     away
"and time could be a game, and we're losing this one, but im still sane"
"going to bed after an amzingly, terrifying, great, crazy night  smile       i got this!"
you got dreams and therefore i believe in you
"bored and slightly tired, going to go to bed early tonight so i can get up b4 12 2mrw and clean up my room a bit, its a wreck  lol thts wut happns <propfemale> u come back from a vacation  smile "
oh my gosh! i want to see *ponyo*
"has a long day    for me anyways  lol got to clean my train wreck of a room, go thru aaaallll of my clothes and get rid of sum, do laundry, go talk to a guy abt a job, then hopefully make it to lander for volleyball"
"gosh, i fall for cute guys way too easily hahaha!   laugh "
im done  im done listening to everyone and anyone cuz theyre all just morons who make things worse  i dont mind advice but dont pressure me to do stuff and dont demand things of me 
"going in for an interview today, wish me luck!!!  smile  smile  smile "
in gville 4 the weekend! txt if u need me  smile 
coming home tomorrow night  smile  txt if u need me   love 
"\omgosh! can i have that giant nugget?!?!?!?!\"""""
"is badly bruised from work   instead of double <propfemale>, i have a double knee     "
"bout to go <propfemale> out with my friends and fill them in on   things lol and i hurt my kneee again!!!! i fell playing put-put           so now i have a double-knee and a band-aid on top of that, poor knee ='["
sleepy; love weekends; dnt want school 2 start back; needs less stress    i think tht bout does it  smile 
resting and getting redy 4 work
"so tired, not wanting to wirk but gotta  oh well look on the brightside, theres a paycheck at the end of it lol"
got off work early! yay!
"and my eyes, they despise you for who i am; i know, i know, i know that there's a place for me somewhere out there"
feels like she is going to have sweet dreams tonight  smile   love 
really wudappreciate sum prayer  im going to have a rough year and wud like sum help from god to keep my life organized 
i love you  smile 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
"im frustrated, ugh guys, anyways tired and redy for wut god has in store and has a feeling that there is going to be alot of drama this yr  annoyed \"
here is a smile for you  smile 
"without you theres no reason for my story,, and <propfemale> im with you i can always act the same,, forever, yeah, if we're together,, we can make it better"
"i'll contrive a way to buy you <propfemale> rings,  i'll sell all of my things or <propmale> a jewelry store, but what good could that do? 'cause love is something that just cant be bought or sold,  it wont come when it's told it only comes from the soul  so do you got soul?"
had a gud day except 4 wuts his face but otherwise it was great!!!
"going to bed early   wow   anyways gotta get up to go to school, ew  nitenite smile "
"fone died, cant find charger, sry ppls"
if its not the fact that i'm a wee bit younger or the truth that i'm so naive my heart keeps leaping back to you like a dog tied to a tree i know it sounds crazy its ridiculous to me
"memories, they came and went in light of all the time we spent listening to everything our parents told us not to take in"
way too ito quizzes lol
way too into quizzes*
"off to school    again     ugh*sigh*,  annoyed \"
study and pray  thats all that is on my mind right now
why can't my life be a simple as everyone elses
my future is not looking bright    
is crying and stressed out   dnt leave a comment im just stating my feelings
i shall use a vocab word which i sm studying to describe my modd      plaintive     
good nite all  i sleep now!
work blah lol
resting up after an annoying nite at work
getting redy 2 go over 2 <propfemale>'s
dk bday! amazing! happy bday dk!  smile 
going 2 see hsm and then work =p lol
"work wasnt so bad, but im tired so imma go to bed"
is prolly getting sick
has the flu
"ive yet to find the answer, i havent given up yet, i havent yet begun to show you the real me"
    stiiiiiiill sick >=p
me no feel goooooood!!! waaaah!
"tired, sick,    so frikin excited!!!"
i love you all!!!!  smile  just felt like sayin
listening to my happy music  wink 
sick of not having a life     
has a huge cheezy smile slapped across her face    such a wonderful mood
just got creeped on by <propmale> (who lives in amandas closet) (which is the portal to narnia)
im happy if youre happy with yourself
"im happy if youre happy with yourself, were diving in, theres nothing left to lose!!!!"
just got creeped on by <propmale> (who lives in amandas closet) (which is the portal to narnia)
tired not wanting to go to school this week
tired and frustrated  redy to go to bed and pray for me please
dont wanna gooooo!
homework
school
pissed off beyond belief!!!!
sum ppl are immature ignorant butt-holes and yes i know tht by doing this tht makes me one too but too frikin bad! its my turn to say sumthn and u need to calm down and deal with life!!!      btw (hell!!!)   > smile 
work    ugh
dont like work!!!!
"and its been getting late for days  and i think myself deserving of  a little time off,  we can kick it here for hours and  just mouth off about the world  and how we know its going straight to hell  pass me another bottle <propfemale>, the yaeger's so sweet"
i am extremely sad    sad beyond comprehension     lady got hit today     she's gone
"dear god, if you can, whenever you get around to it, could you maybe, like, help me!!! ~ all my love and trust, <propfemale>  smile "
god is ahhhhhhmazing!
god is on my side   how could life get any better?
"give me a sign of your goodness,         that my enemies may see it and be put to shame,         for you, o lord, have helped me and comforted me "
couldn't make it more obvious could you? be anymore obvious could you?
"school then vball game then hmwk lol another typical day, thank you god  smile "
i hate teenage boys!
sooooo sick of <propfirst>  school  church 
going crazy trying to stay sane    
tired and wantingto get away from here asap!
tired and frustrated but slighlyhappy   hopefully ill stay that way
is he out of my league? lets hope not
"steady breathing is all i can advise to a girl with a sweet toothe for revenge, i know im crazy but its so hard to pretend    "
"steady breathing is all i can advise to a girl with a sweet toothe for revenge, i know im crazy but its so hard to preten, but i know that i've been dancing around the truth, tell me what the heck i'm suppose to do, and i'm a little bit aggitated with a slight scent of denile"
"is going crazy! my life is tooo crazy!!! pll need to just leave me alone!!!!!!!!!! as in my mom needs toshut up and get out of my face and stop telling me that she knows wut im going thru bc she is clearly out of her friking mind! and thats not alll, oooo no thats not all"
got to sleep in!!! eating homemade chocolate chip cookies and relaxing b4 work
dun wanna get up 2mrw
"def one of my fav movies, i have high hopes for the future!"
"i cant wait for thefuture, it will be good!"
sleep  school    wait no ill still be sleeping there  anyways let me continue   then vball practice            smile  heeheehee
needs the hours but cant work carryout window      
working on a essay and maybe   (just maybe)   studying for a gov  test
i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly its hard to say that id rather stay awake when im asleep because my dreams are bursting at the seems      
you had me hanging on your last word and now i'm feeling a little less than trusting you had me wishing we were something but left me here with a whole lot of nothing now
darn you work! youve made me hate the weekends!!!
getting my senior pics done today  freaking out! hope they turn out    
"still tired, went straight to bed from work last night  getting my senior pics done today  freaking out! hope they turn out    "
hates work!!! needs to turn 18 alredy!!!
"when life gives you lemons, find someone with a paper cut > smile "
hangin outside with shif 
"\i enjoy repeatedly being thrown to the ground   \"""""
"oh be calm  be calm  i know you feel like you are breaking down  i know that it gets so hard sometimes, be calm  take it from me, i've been there a thousand times  you hate your pulse because it thinks you're still alive and everything's wrong it just gets so hard sometimes be calm "
"too cold, pray for me and my family and redy to go back to bed which wont happen til tinight lol  so tired"
"im in one of those good moods, i have a certain peace about me, i think its love  smile "
"i have a pleasant mood about me rite now, my heart is at ease"
god's got it  wink 
"you know its never too late theres gotta be a better way  dont settle for the cold and rain, its not too late to start again, to find a way to smile and never let it get away-ay-ay-ay-ay "
"hurt my back, quitting my job study 4 tests     wow wut a greaet way to end the week      "
"yay! its saturday! it looks so pretty outside  smile  lots to do today: sanior pics, plan christian bday party, much much more  but later tonight wanna do sumthn  call or txt  lets see wut is possible"
im freakin' out man! freakin' out!
"you're pushing and pulling me down to you,but i don't know what i want,no i don't know what i want you got it, you got it,some kind of magic hypnotic, hypnotic,you're leaving me breathless i hate this, i hate this,you're not the one i believe in with god as my witness now when i caught myself, i had to stop myself  i'm saying something that i should have never thought of you, of you "
im tired but need to study lol
addicted to facebook!!! nooooooo lol
be calm  i know you feel like you are breaking down  i know that it gets so hard sometimes  be calm 
     my car is dead    i no longer have a mode of transportation     not gooooood    for anyone       if u kno of any cheap cars let me kno!!!
listening to soothing music  stuff that just calms me; lyrics and <propfemale> that just flow      
"its in the air now, bitter tears and broken hearts were teenagers, we count the years we think were smart but were not we dont know anything why must we all make sense of what just wont make sense for once, im just gonna live "
i hate not having functioning car! missed a great party tonight =[ exrtemely mad sad abt tht
why is tonight so weird?
"new day  lets make it a gud one  if we fail, we can always try again tomorrow "
someone buy me a thing of sonic cheezesticks and bring them to me!!!
i dun wannaaaa!
dad took car to shop 2day  pray it can be fixed  also looking for car for <propfirst>; found possibilities today  pray for that too if you dnt mind!
"sorrow drips into your heart through a pinhole just like a faucet that leaks, and there is comfort in the sound  but while you debate half empty or half full, it slowly rises  your love is gonna drown"
i dun wanna go to schooooooool!!!!!! *in a whiney voice*
argh!
eating waffles   
writing my senior will and testament    :']
stupid computer! always freezes  had 2 restart and fix  ugh    
there are three main ppl who i wud really love to tell off rite now      
"i wish we could open our eyes to see in all directions at the same time oh, what a beautiful view if you were never aware of what was around you and it is true what you say that i live like a hermit in my own head but when the sun shines again i'll pull the curtains and blinds to let the light in"
"didnt finish reading again    ugh   school, vballl game, who knows    prollly more hmwk  have a great say!  smile  try to be kind to everyone today"
"shud be working on essay     too bad! going to a kiss concert instead! luv u guys, txt if ya need me  smile "
concert was great! got a hair cut  got lots of work to do! later!
"check list: concert-x, facebook-x, english essay-__, study  4 english test-__, study 4 english quiz-__          wow ive got alot accomplished    "
time 4 school     ugh  annoyed \
sleeeeeeeepuh!
workin on my report     due tomorrow    just decided wut im going to write it on       whooo hoo! lol
i freaking hate government! i dnt care abt  god just send the rapture so i can get away from it!!!!
needs to finish this report!
"sorrow drips into your heart through a pinhole, just like a faucet that leaks and there is comfort in the sound  but while you debate, half empty or half full, it slowly rises  your love is gonna drown"
why are so many guys so freakin slow  its like they dnt stop and think abt wut theyre doing! sum1 care to e playful lain?
all time low was amazing! best night ever!
bout to go to trunk or treat at real life! lol
im rely pissy 2nite and im sry to anyone who i bark at 2mrw 
"i remember every day that i spent dreaming of leaving  this place behind i would run away from thinkin' adding up all the days spent wasted  chasing the guys we hated  some things, they, they never change  take me back o the sleepless nights  the stupid fights  it never mattered who was wrong or who was right  you're all a part of me "
if god's the game you're playing well we must get more acquainted because it has to be so lonely to be the only one who's holy
it's just my humble opinion but it's one that i believe in you don't deserve a point of view if the only thing you see is you
"'cause love is something that just cant be bought or sold,  it wont come when it's told it only comes from the soul  so do you got soul?"
rargh!!! gulliver's travels   so boring!!!
rargh!     i just like randomly growling    try it!    lol  smile 
just woke up and realized i 4got 2 study   
"is loosinng her sanity, but no worries, im sure its only temporary    (    hopefully   )"
"so why don't you meet me, down behind the old school we'll waste away the weekend, with perfect regard for how  cavalier we used to be, that beautiful insanity the apathy's surrounding me don't close your eyes or we'll fade away"
"heading out be back later, cell is on txt or wutevr if u need me  smile  bye!"
"had a great night, we need to do tht again guys  smile "
head ache!
even worse head ache   =[
"weird day, plus i am now on the basketball team   ? lol woohoo~!!!!!"
"basketball practice @ noon  oh boy, i hope i get better    "
    i smell marshmallows     mmmmmm smile 
"i smell marshmallows, i am cleaning my room, and hg @ 8"
"sitting at home babysitting my little brother christian, dreading, i mean awaiting basketball practice @ 1 surprise 0 lol"
gettin ready 4 basketball practice         
"home looking up lyrics to a couple songs, might go out with <propfemale> and zac again"
"back home, just sitting here"
tonight turned out to be a good night  smile 
"going to gville today with mom, <propfemale>, and lexy  getting our make up done for free!!! lets see how this turns out hahaha  prolly going to the show tonight  peace  joyful \\ "
back home gunna go out  txt me if u need anything  smile  smile 
 smile 
ice skating in gville with grace community youth  txt if u need me
we will see   
none ya    smile 
frustration!!! does anyone know if i (and the entire senior english part of bible history class) have homework?
"     \frustration!!! does anyone know if i (and the entire senior english part of bible history class) have homework?\""            we definitly had homework      """
bed time! nitenite smile 
have a super crazy migrane today ugh  i appreciate the prayer   smile  so much to do  migrane needs to go away 
needs to start on this mess of a paper
blah
a-freakin'-mazing!
today was ridiculous  ready for anice weekend
just haad another bizarre dream
"watching \the goonies\"" on tbs  love this movie!"""
no school 2mrw! oh yeah!
so sick of ppl thinking tht they can lie to me and i wont notice  i can read you alot betr than u think   
fb is gay!
ragh!
it's been getting late for days and i think myself deserving of a little time off we can kick it here for hours and just mouth off about the world
waiting on something    
"take a break from the mask, youve done enough today i saw you smiling like its all ok, and it will be soon"
"someday we'll have our own life, but we've got some growing up to do that makes me nervous, i wish it wasn't that way"
"life is mean to me    once i get everything figured out, it goes and flips everything around and leaves me hangin   boooo u life!"
i wish i could make a smiley that was pouting    cause thats my mood     i really didnt feel like typing all of this    thats where the smiley would have come in handy       
doing chores to help out my mom a bit 
heading out  if u need me txt  smile 
"home, had a great night <propmale> out with good friends and met sum new ones  smile  nitenite wink "
mom is taking grandma to the hospital  blood pressure went up over 200 again  please pray    also pray for my family cuz now im cooking thanksgiving dinner       
"gma is back, shes doingbetter  thanks for the prayers  smile  we all got to eat together  dinner turned out great  mom got back just in time to help me make dinner and dad deep fried the turkey     oh! and theres pie!"
these lessons that we learned here have only just begun
cleaning up then hanging out
oh lawdy    tomorrow is gunna such     annoyed 
just messed up big time!
gma is sick again =[ pray please  smile  it wud be appreciated
"    wow, realization, i really need to grow up"
is afraid    
"there's a ghost in this room i think i'll name it after all of you and watch it <propfemale> over my bed like decorations celebrated memories, they came and went in light of all the time we spent listening to everything our parents told us not to take in"
louikyujhgfsedyhijlkgkbgvfcvxfgdchjj            yeeeaaahhh     
buh! guess wut! suspended again!!! woohoo!!!
i hate being a rebelious and confused teenager  but the parents they cause it ugh!
"      uuuuuuuuugh, my life sucks right now, and yes i am using my status to complain abt it so if u hav problem with that shut up cuz idnt wanna hear it!"
well     alrighty then    
"when <propfemale> eyes get brighter, and heavy wings grow lighter, i'll taste the sky and feel alive again "
why do we not have wings? why cant we fly?      i have a simple e playful lanation    but i wont tell you
sees random fireworks going off down the street  my bed is in the perfect place to sit and watch them through the window
oh my gosh!!!! <propfemale> and zac u both have a fb! use it! talk!
buh     =_=;
bed!
"truth surpasses fiction, and yet people need stories    "
<propmale> dunham is on <propmale> with a <propmale>   ?!?!?
watching treasure planet
"\kids in america\"" = great movie!!!"""
"i wish i could fly, and not only fly, i want wings! because if i have wings then i would have something that i could have confidence in, not just confidence, but a security   a confirmation of the situation  like if you didnt have wings you never kno if your ability to fly would just stop  with wings, you can see them and know what is going on so if they ever do fail, at least you know why your falling "
"you're coming around now  you want to get older, but don't forget how to stay alive "
shud be working on my huge report which is due friday    eh i got time lol
does the rain still make you smile?
"i finally let god open my eyes u shud 2 look open ur mind 2 wht god's been telling u this whole time wait,listen trust him he knos wht's goin on in ur head if u ask he'll clear it out 4 u i kno it!he's dun it 4 me i have absolutly no doubt in my mind tht he'll do it 4 u if u thnk ur future looks dim 4get tht god sees sumthng entirely different!i thnk u kno wht im getting @ i kno u do,we all kno,we just wnt believe it"
spiders are like ninjas of the insect world!
anyone wanna do my report 4 me? ill pay u! lol you have until 8 o'clock 2mrw morning have at it   
"and sometimes i think that im not any good at all and sometimes i wonder why, why im even here at all but then you assure me! im a little more than useless and when i think that i cant do this you promise me that ill get through this and do something right do something right for once"
darn you internet! you and your power of distraction!
im screwed    just saying    dnt plan on hanging out with me at all this weekend   
yeah just know unless you personally beg my mom and or dad you wont be seeing me anywhere anytime soon    unless of course you kidnap me which im not really against
and oh how he tries
"and oh how he tries, but she, she thinks shes trying when in reality shes only giving in"
"\\ joyful   : can we fix it!?!?!      (>- -)> : no, its screwed "
im prolly going to fail english lol
i am in a strange mood  its like my heart is blocking out bad feelings without me having to even put forth any effort at all     its pretty awesome  smile 
so much for thst great mood i was in before
cause we're all guilty of the same things we think the thoughts whether or not we see them through and i know that i have been forgiven and i just hope you can forgive me too
sick  playful  caught a virus or sumthn
"i'll sit on the front porch all night, waist deep in thought because when i think of you  i don't feel so alone "
pretty sure i just failed this report! darn you christmas break! why couldnt you give me one more day?!?!?! well it prolly wudnve helped anyways oh well  ill just ask if there is any extra credit i can do   hopefully my mom will still let me go on the trip!!!!! pray please!!!
just ate dinner with family in charleston  tomoorow i need to do some last minute shopping   not the best idea lol
its a mofo eye patch!
"but drenched in vanilla twilight,  i'll sit on the front porch all night,  waist deep in thought because when i think of you  i don't feel so alone "
i want to have a freakin bible study cause this book will blow your freakin mind!
"i want to have a freakin bible study cause this book will blow your freakin mind! i wish more people realized that  every verse, everyword will make you freak out! not kiding! i just took a seemingly meaningless verse and studied it for a minute and so much just dawned on me  confusion is waisting away! so many answers    we just need to take a second and think!"
im in a good mood! im in a good mood!
*ragh!!*       idk i just felt like growling loudy via internet     
sitting in bed playing a hand held sudoku game christmas present  smile 
blahlalalalalalalalala!
bingo! that's it! i got it! i figured it out! wow that's so crazy    
"but i need taco's, i need them or i will e playful lode!     that happens to me sometimes   ='["
ragh!
the heat in our house is out! im freezing!
"i'll contrive a way to buy you <propfemale> rings,  i'll sell all of my things or <propmale> a jewelry store, but what good could that do? 'cause love is something that just cant be bought or sold,  it wont come when it's told it only comes from the soul  so do you got soul?"
"just calm down, the trauma's on the inside, my line's been drawn  i don't want to be wasting time "
ragh! i only have an hour!
i have the petville song stuck in my head hahaha
saw <propmale> dunham  hilarious! great show!  smile 
bed! too frikin tired to stay up til 4
why am i awake right now?
"high school, the best days of my life? oh my gosh! i really hope not     =["
buh   redy to be not grounded lol
"fake_password@\yaohho\"" com"""
"fake_email@\yaohho\"" com"""
old men dont bowl!
"\i need corrective spectacles!\"""""
i wish next semester wud hurry up  i only have one class! ragh! hurry up!
oh fun 
she puts the lotion on the skin or else she gets the ho's again!
so sick of gcs >=[
fun night  smile 
to the game then stayin the night at <propfirst>'s  txt or call
heading out  txt if u need anything
quarantine (sp?)    scariest movie to watch at night and then have to drive home      
sudoku then bed!
gold!
that just made my day!
"\studying for a test\"" with <propfemale>  english exam 2mrow    she getts to sleep in     and    i wanna lick him! lol"""
"{{you better take it from me, that boy is like a disease you’re running, you’re trying, you’re trying to hide and you’re wondering why you can’t get free he’s like a curse, he’s like a drug you get addicted to his love you wanna get out but he’s holding you down ‘cause you can’t live without one more touch he’s a good time cowboy casanova leaning up against the record machine   }} (i wanna lick him!)"
egg milk and flour pancake power look at his milky yellow sunshine face flip it now flip it good ooh flip it now flip it good ooh some are salt some are sweet some are? fruit some are meat the time we used the chive it really came alive! edible frisbee springtime tuesday i like to boogeh!
"rawr, rawr, raw  smile "
"no sir! well i dont want to be the blame, not anymore, its your turn  so take a seat we're settling the final score   and why do we like to hurt so much?  i cant decide! you have made it harder to go on  and why? all the possibilities, well i was wrong  thats what you get when you let your heart win, i drownd out all my sense with the sound of it beating  and thats what you get     "
"no sir! well i dnt want 2 b the blame, not anymore, its ur turn  so take a seat we're settling the final score  and why do we like to hurt so much? i cant decide! u have made it harder 2 go on  and why? all the possibilities, well i was wrong  thts wut u get <propfemale> u let ur heart win, i drownd out all my sense w  the sound of it beating  and thts wut u get     keep ur feet on the ground, when ur head's in the clouds   "
"well make sure you build your home brick by boring brick or the wolf's gunna blow it down  you built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic, just make sure you keep your feet on the ground when your head's in the clouds "
dude   i accdtually have hmwk now   how gay is that?!?!? but i really shudnt complain    i only have one class =p
petville doodly-doodoodoo peville doodly-doodoodoo  blahblahblahblahblah   in petville!
"\she brought a blanket to a pillow fight    \""  \"" fail!\"""""
i dont understand why im considered such a badly behaved person     i think im pretty nice
"hey everybody! if i havent talked to you in a while, well i just want to say, hey! its been like 4evr! how are you?!!"
blah blah blah
"4 yrs u'd think for sure, that all u've got to endure  then when you graduate you take look around and you say \hey wait!\"" this is the same as where i just came from i thot it was over    aw thats just great!"""
"rawr,rawr,rawr   im so loving this rain rite now!"
1 ready for bed  #2 gotta study  #3 mad at sumone   u know who you are   > sad   you know  #4 wanting to finish this book but cant because of #1
#1  want to read book but cnt cuz i need sleep  #2  too much on my mind abt 2mrw 2 sleep anytime soon  #3  abt to do a sudoku puzzle to help me sleep  #4  i shud rely go to bed      wait 4get sudoku  im reain my new book! heck to the yes!
rawr rawr rawr  smile 
just the uplifting words of another can get us by even <propfemale> they werent meant for you
rawr! rawr! rawr!  smile 
crazy!!!
"hehe, haha, blah blah, buh          "
*long pause* idk
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thank you everybody for the birthday wishes! love you all lots  smile 
why am i not sleeping?!?!?!?
why am i awake?
computer has some crazy virus!!! noooooo!!!!
 joyful \\  heehee
computer has sum stupid virus  goin 2 bed nitenite smile  and btw i frikin love fun dip!
"fun day, fun fun"
hahaha yay! excersize    sp? hahaha
is kinda sad  annoyed 
"please pray for my dad  he is a truck driver, and though he is a amazing driver he is having trouble because he is somewhere between pennsylvania and new york in a white out snow storm  he is about to be on his way down and the roads are complete ice  he and one other driver are up there  please pray and thank you "
"please pray for my dad  he is a truck driver, and though he is a amazing driver he is having trouble because he is somewhere between pennsylvania and new york in a white out snow storm  he is about to be on his way down a mountain and the roads are complete ice  he and one other driver are up there  please pray and thank you "
sdksjgvfhacsjdihsdvhcuyki     smile 
lalalablahblahblah     aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh    yeha
geez! i rely must be upset   i just cleaned up my romm  surprise ;   craaaaazy lol see thats wut happens <propfemale> i start thinking abt stuff
his is an amazing day
"\shifudame!\"" hhahahaha"""
 annoyed  boo you! no wait     frik idk! i hate this lol its so stupid! im soooooooooooooooooooo dramatic     =[ boo
"oh wellz stuff happens,ill get ovr it   smile  be positive!  laugh         that was a fast recovery  smile "
last night was amazing! hah and today is going to drive me crazy  had a fun girls night out and hopefully a fun day  smile 
god only knows
"this is only wishful thinking, most call it innosence, but your pigtails show you for the sucker you really are "
"i may trip but <propfemale> i get up ill know that im alive! between the good and bad is where you'll find me, i will fight! i will sleep <propfemale> i die, ill live my life! im alive!"
     my horoscope says i should consider losing some weight    (=_ smile ;   it wants to kill me       surprise ;
how long was that biology 2 paper suppossed to be?
"dont change, who you are  hold on to the caring and kindess that is in your heart because thats all you have  im not kidding, i have turned into a horrible horrible person and i intend on changing back to that person you can count on  you come first not me  idc if you call tht walking over me  b c thats who i am!"
"having a great time in england am in canterbury, leaving tomorrow =[ its my favorite place we have been so far"
loving the trip! miss everyone back home and else where  smile  glad this is turning out differently than i had e playful ected but in a good way  loves to all!
2 days! what the world?!?!?!?! crazy but loving it  ready to see everyone; sad to leave  annoyed 
"coming home tomrrow  i miss my bed, my car, my own shower, and much much more! including eople  i am soooooo going to miss this place! ill never forget this   smile  =[  annoyed "
i'm home!!!!
"i believe that today is a day of change  not bad change, but the kind of change that renews and refreshes your spirit  and it doesnt havve to be a huge life changing change, just something new "
happy because of the new ppl im meeting and the old friends i have  smile  and the many wonderful meories that are to come
how did we meet?
facebook hacked by <propfemale> <propfemale> & <propfemale> st-laurent -gauthier  love   smile 
lalalalala    thats all im gonna say
"change is coming, its going to be big     and its going to smack us all in the face  our generation is about to hit a wall now or never      its now your turn to choose whether you will sink or swim "
lets see where this ones goes  smile 
"   i'm running out of options! my mind mind is restless, and my steps are timed and numbered, and im waisting it with follishness, \i know who i am! i know who i want to be! i'm happy with this! just walk away! please!\"" and suddenly!      i feel a arm around me      and a voice whisperes quitely      \""be calm\""               """
graduation! tonight! @ 7! @ north side! will i see you there?! i better!  laugh  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ragh! no more! im done! i do what i need too first  i come first in my life! its my life! let me take care of me then ill see what i can do for you!
hopefully it'll work out for the best   hopefully i will find my purpose   hopefully we will all just get along     one day i know you will hear my hearts song    
"i think its time, to take a stand, everybody, make a plan  now get your stuff together  it gets harder every day, to find the path, to find your way  but everybody know its ok cause here we stand pointing the way, and we'll help you all the same because we know how it is alone walking down that dark road "
keep me out of ur drama cuz i dnt care and keep ur nose out of other ppls business!
    dont think that i dont know what your doing    im not doing this to be mean im doing it as a wake up call  please dnt pretened to know or like me   i know u dnt  i advise you to be smart about this because you will regret starting anything   thats not a threat    its a promise  just saying be careful because i see some heavy waters waiting for you up ahead 
i really hope i get this job! really excited! i think i got it! please pray that i do  things are starting to look up  smile 
"god, you gotta help me out, because im not yet fit for this fight, it gets harder every day  im here but im lost  show me the way of your <propfemale>  please im begging you! im rotting away slowly and its wearing me out  theres not much time left  please! i can't do this on my own! ive tryed and failed! so if u have a will   open my eyes and show me the way    "
lets see how this goes      
"i want     well i honestly want alot of things  i want money, and a car, and a place to call my own, but most of all, what i really desire          happiness  true honest to god happiness  but i just realized something     all of these things will not just be given to me  i have to make it happen on my own and thats exactly what im going to do! i will make my happiness and i hope that one day you will make yours too "
i know wut i need to do   i just dont want to     i want everyone to know and understand wut i do but   but     thats just not realistic  it wont happen    or maybe      nope i keep coming back to the same conclusion  i hope and then that hope is smothered by the truth      
wakin up 2 another dark mornin ppl r mourning weather in life outside is storming but wut wud it take 4 the clouds 2 break 4 us 2 realize each day is a gift somehow someway get our heads up out of the darkness spark this new mindset start 2 live life cuz it aint gone yet tragedy is a reminder 2 take off the blinders wake up live the life wer supposd 2 take up moving fwd with all our heads up cuz life is worth living!
"never slows dwn\she knws tht whn shes alone feels like its all comin dwn\shadows r long & if she cries tht 1st tear, tears wnt stop\wnt make a sound\alone in this fight w  herself\ fears whispering if she stands she falls dwn\wnts 2 b found \only way out is thru evrythin shes runnin from\wnts 2 give up\stand ur ground\stand up whn its all crashing down\stand thru the pain\1 day whts lost cn b found"
"it's so hard 2 pretend\like i knw everything\i dnt knw anything\i wanted u 2 see\that i got nothin\i'll sit back & i'll watch the show\i'll lay awake & i'll watch the stars as they collide\dnt treat me like i'm playing a game\cause baby i dnt want 2 lose\baby i dnt want to risk it all 4 u\my eyes they do see\i dnt breathe the way i used 2\my lips they dnt sing\i won't b the way i was on that night"
wish i could see the future  waiting to see what happens is so nerve racking and painful =[ ouch      
why is everything so confusing? when is it my turn? why can i find answers for all of (your) questions and not for my own? when will i find what i need to be looking for? when will i know what im suppossed to be looking for? where are my answers?
aaahhhh! im stuck     annoyed 
"<propfemale> gunther i honestly dont feel that bad, its more of a relief to be honest i dont have to walk on egg shells to keep you happy anymore  its great! now theres one less thing that i have to stress about, it will be missed but at least it cant hurt me anymore  i feel a little more    happiness  smile "
"aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh! i gotta work, my phone is m i a , and i gotta go over questions for my placement test for ptc! stuff stuff stuff     playful "
"i'm tired of this\what you see is\what i have never tried to be\just let me breathe\just take me anywhere but here\it's all coming up roses\gimme all you got\just take your shot\you come off swinging like a girl\buy me an ocean\to take me anywhere but here"
"aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh! i gotta work, my phone is m i a , and i gotta go over questions for my placement test for ptc! stuff stuff stuff     playful "
hoping that tonights gonna be a good night
blahblahblah    thats abou it for now    smile 
"i hope you know, im a hypocrite, \and i have low self-confidence, \and i say alot of stupid shit   i dont mean it  \but ill say there is more to me, than what i let you see,\what shows now is incomplete \but for now it'll stay a mystery "
"work, then school, then talk to parents abt trust, and blahblahblah     "
gotta make the good times last  wink 
got my diploma!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"this town is home, but it gets so old "
feels like im having a heart attack    playful 
well blahblahblah
i just dont know what to put on my status anymore    
"yes we don't know where this life is gunna go  but if we ride this ride, well then in time, we'll see the things that hide inside, you know he heals the blind, and we will find       oh we will find     our eyes   do-do-do-do      woah, do-do-do-d surprise h!"
"hello there facebook  i dont know what to put on my status right now so ive just decided to fill up space with random thoughts such as this    but isnt that what the status is asking for? \what's on your mind?\"" well this is it  this is whats on my mind  smile  and im sry to anyone who reads this b c <propfemale> just waisted 15-16 seconds of ur life on my useless ramblings   love  <propfirst> wink """
hmwk then school    whoohoo   
so much hmwk! gotta get super organized!
"we weren't just born to be alive     if you keep on doing what you've always done, then you'll keep on getting what you've always got    "
aaaaagh! another psychology test! 2 chapters at 5 surprise 0!
"i think im going to take this week as my \mentally-not-stable\"" week"""
chickens?!?! i say ditches!!!
you won't know where you are going til you get there
time for me to get to work  smile  i got this  just so you know  playful 
do you know what we really are?
i feel terrible  playful  don't know what to do with myself
felt sick earlier today from new medicine but im starting to feel much better  smile 
"had a better day  things are looking up  moved my bed to the new room, and am so excited about fixing it up all pretty like  smile  god is good"
"ill let it b known, @ times i have shown signs of all my weakness  & u promise me, tht u believe in time ill defeat this, cuz sumwer in me ther is strength  & 2day ill trust u w  the confidence of a man who's never known defeat, & ill try my best 2 just 4get tht tht man isn't me  reach out 2 me  make my heart brand new  every beat will b 4 u  i kno u kno u touched my life <propfemale> u touched my heavy heart & made it light"
i have no money     fail
"i will walk by faith, even when i cannot see      which is usually more often than less  playful   but thats okay cause he knows were slow   thats why he gave us a hand book  smile "
      who do what now?  surprise ;
"i'm sorry for the person i became  i'm sorry that it took so long for me to change  i'm ready to make sure i never become that way again  cause who i am hates who i've been, but who i am will take the second <propmale> you gave me     smile "
stuck watching our lives blow up!!!!
check out who's employed!!! this girl right here!!!
speak now
rawr! rawr! rawr!
those are the facts!  wink 
never mind     im going to take that back and just say not as much     smile   hehe
f e a r  : false evidence appearing real
"love never fails, love is true, loves the one thing that can always change you  love is patient, love is kind, loves the one reason the world survives  i know the one who holds the stars in the heavens, in the palm of his hand  and if i give all i possess to poor and the helpless, i still mean nothing    without love"
bed!!!!
still bed  smile 
just had the weirdest dream while taking a mini power nap after cleaning up a bit  playful 
sleeeeepy   bed 
angry beyond emotion
lunar eclispe!!!
"an', i ain't got no money, but i dang sure got it made  'cos i ain't askin' nobody for nothin', if i can't get it on my own "
charleston for christmas!!! wootwoot!
extraordinary things happn to extraordinary people
well then    how is everyone doing today?
i need a adventure  playful 
"feels all kinds of sad and stuffs   thinks im just bored   but good news!!! i found my phone!!! how it got in my t-shirt drawer, i dont know  smile "
where is everyone?!?!?!?!
well night night all  hope i feel better in the morning    or afternoon     smile 
boredom    more dangerous than 6 yr olds with fireworks    
i am angry       veeeeeeeery angry
no longer angry  very thankful acctually  god has plans and i must be patient no matter how long i have to wait 
im all kinds of bored     playful 
just  smile 
": visitors, thank you for your attendance!!!!"
"the air is like ice as i stand outiside  you know that there really is no reason  and i cant see in the dark but i can i can tell that the things i fear are sitting in the shadows  i can hear them saying, you better watch what you do, cause we'll be watching you"
snooooooooow!!!!      that is all
"every burden misunderstood      we make it,              "
"hurts    alot, and has for a long while    and seems like this little trend will continue for god knows how long    i hate that i waist my status on this junk    i hate that this is what is on my mind     boooooo my mind, booooooo"
"blee, blah, bloo, blah, blah       "
i dont like to txt most of the time so if you need me for something then call cuz i dont like to answer most texts  smile  thank you and have a nice day
agreed   
"we'll figure it out eventually, just give us some time"
"tell me   is truth what i'm hearing? can you tell that i'm confused? i am frozen, my senses are sense-less, and maybe i am   maybe i am too   "
bleh
lets see wuts next in this little plan he's put into action here    seems like this will be quite interesting  so   hit me with your best shot ;}
"hehehe, i can read right through your litle facade  but i must give you props  you did good for a while there, but sadly you gave it away    and that was my opening  right there and then i knew    i would not be beaten  smile "
dang  right <propfemale> you think your gaining on them     playful 
love? not too sure about that   ah how nastolgic
"hehe, well   here we go again  smile "
i can only imagine
i cant figure it out  i want this but i also want this but i cant have this if i have this    such a dilema  i know what i need and i know what i <propfemale> but why cant they both just be together in <propfemale>???
ever feel like there is something u need to say but dont really know wut it is? ever feel like u need to scream something but the words just escape u? does something inside u yearn to be heard?
why has everyone gone insane???
      my toe hurts  sad 
"i'm finding myself at a loss for words\and the funny thing is it's okay\the last thing i need is to be heard\but to hear what you would say"
"ok so just now i got bored so i decided to play solitare on my computer  first time trying to beat it   i did   and in like 4 minutes or something   wutevr the \400\"" in the bottom of the screen says was my playing time   yay!  i am extremely excited and thot i wud share this little happy moment in my life  smile  yup"""
im so sick of police  why cnt they just leave me alone?
say it aint soooooo
     now what?
"be strong my friends, for the time of change is upon us  do not be scared, but be prepared for the wonders he is about to unleash"
    need to stop watching anime     it just makes my life all the more depressing when i come back to it  playful 
"fine then! u think u got evrythin under control  now ur on ur own little man  go & tell everybody tht im a coniving bitch thts just out 2 get u  <propfemale> mommy, tht u have so tightly wrapped arnd ur finger, cnt come & save you, im here, but im sorry, u cnt control me  you cant always get what you want    "
(t3t)     buu buuu       thats about all i have to say right now
i love the nanny  smile  it always puts me in a good mood
thank you
i think facebook is run by <propfemale> heeheehee    !!!
"mwahaha  not to sound evil lol, but things are starting to look up  wink "
cant sleep    super bored    would very much like to sleep    yeah thats not going to happen    so im going to annoy a bunch of ppl by liking alot of stuff and its going to post all over the place!!! love ya  wink 
"dont care, im happy, your not, oh well, not my fault, its your choice, its my birthday, have a nice night!  smile "
everybody: thank you so much for all of the birthday wishes!!!! i really appreciate it! love you guys!!!  love 
"la,la,la,la,la,la,la      just singing a song   "
didn't do it    wasn't me  playful 
"aint nothing gonna break my stride, nobodys gonna slow me down, oh no! i gotta keep on moving "
work at 10 surprise 0-6 surprise 0
sometimes a good cry is quite refreshing  smile 
baaaaaaaah
"ok  gotcha, i thought i knew, i was stuck on you like paper to glue  but im sure this is goodbye to the one i once knew, the first one that ripped my heart in two  ill admit it for you, you got me  ill tell the truth  a part of me belongs to you            but now, im new"
"well that was eye opening and i think im back to myself now  but there is still more walls and waves ahead so hold on little one, don't forget ur floaties when your swimming with those fishes"
hahaha oh my i have a awesome feeling about what god has planned  keep your eyes open for the little things that are beginning to change  its soooo exciting!
today = boooooooo      
addicted to fundip    
"ugh, makes me sick  playful "
facebook is a o-liar!!!!
"lead me w  strong hands  stand up <propfemale> i cnt  dnt leave me hungry 4 love chasing dreams  but wut abt us? show me ur willing 2 fight  tht im still the love of ur life   i kno we call ths our home, but i still feel alone  \i wnt leave them hungry 4 love, chasing things that i cud give up i'll show them i'm willing 2 fight and give them the best of my life so we cn call this our home, cuz i cnt do this alone"
haha oh how god works  smile 
are you ready?
tornado!!!  laugh 
christiano hoo is a jerk!
"yeah, its not gonna work is it? i guess we just grew up    even though were still young    sometimes you just gotta give up  annoyed "
wow i just realized how long it has been since i got on facebook    weeeeird   
well god is just workin away isnt he? oooooh its so exciting!!!
<propfemale> gunther: independent business owner
"who will love me for me? not for what i have done, or what i will become  who will love me for me? cuz nobody has shown me what love    what love really means    "
your chains no longer have a hold on me  im breaking free and now i know what has been trying to shake me  yeah i see now that you were the one sucking the life out of me but now im free and i see the truth and the truth is that i dont live to serve you 
"mmm, mmm, mmm, <propmale> cooper  love "
<propfemale> miller! wut is ur number?  smile 
dnt hate me cuz im beautiful  wink 
frustrated 
i got it!!!! i think i finally got it    but its sooo difficult to keep on that track because my life is just the complete opposite of what ive figured out its suppossed to be   ahhhh decisions 
how funny is life     and its a full moon    thts why everythings going hay-wire    and thats my thoughts  smile 
facebook frustrates me even more than i alredy am   its like fuel to a fire that really shudnt be burning in the first place   
why does everyone have such bad timing    or is that just me and everyone else is doing superbly with their placement of events in time    ? heehee i think i just unintensionally make things more difficult than they really are  smile  or maybe i know but i just dnt make sense of it
"if im not careful this complacency will take me hostage, so i'm ready to find what i'm suppossed to be doing right now  god place me and lead me cause i'm ready for this adventure that you have planned  but i'm alone   is that right?        something is missing?      oh it's coming soon, well alrighty then! sounds good  smile  just let me know ' wink "
"there's a raging sea right in front of me, wants to pull me in, bring me too my knees  so let the waters rise if you want them to, cause we know ill get through, i will follow youuuu!!"
"i wish you could see me now \i wish i could show you how \i'm not who i was \i used to be mad at you \a little on the hurt side too \but i'm not who i was \     i  was thinking maybe i,  \i should let you know  \i am not the same \but i never did forget your name \hello  smile "
god is moving today
