d0f13aa1d8611f68d81901696588b64f
its officially not new years day 
going to a friend's then from their going to first youth group event of the year 
got back from this school years first math meet at hebron academy  i just hope t isn't too mad about the team's results   
"adding music, if you have a suggestion let me know "
"off to do homework that should of been done a few days ago    you don't give a student a due date, and tell him you will accept it in a week later for full credit "
came back from first driver's <propmale>  instructor has the dullest voice ever   
"if i dont return, driving didn't go well   smile "
"tired from \superbowl '09\"" and the staying up late last night  school in morning  headed to bed """
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works (i tried it and scary enough it worked!)"
rest in peace <propfemale> 
dirigo wins!!! good job!
got my permit today  top score of top class on the final!
airsoft tomorrow!
airsoft today! (maybe modern warfare 2 afterwords?)
"school tomorrow, thank goodness for the late starts on wednesdays "
¡s???snq ?so?? ¿ll?? ?uuo? no? o??
aye! eh?
"alright, in case there is school tomorrow, im headed to bed "
school then math meet after
"back from the math meet, didn't do too bad, between the 3 from dirigo that showed up, i had the most points "
back from the oddfellow theater
"back from a christmas party with family, got to wear a boston red sox championship ring, a real one  (2 of them actually)"
<propfemale> christmas!
i am error!
"finished watching \up\"" for the first time """
"you can take away everything that i've been holding, you can take away the sun  you can take away the very air that i've been breathing, but you can't take away my god"
"\always look on the bright side of life\"" *whistles and repeats*"""
airsoft this weekend? only time will tell   
"talkin' to <propmale> about airsoft, what to get, future squad plans, and listening to journey "
"im off for the night, anyone know some good songs i can add in the morning? (i would prefer it not to be screamo   or any disney stars  )"
"okay all, i am raising money for the 30 hour famine in later february, and i need people to donate money  any donations are welcome, it doesn't have to be much "
"alright people, i am doing the 30 hour famine again, which is when i don't eat for 30 hours to raise money for world vision to help feed starving children in third world countries  $30 is enough to feed a child for a month  only $30 to live for a month  i need as many donations as i can, it doesn't have to be much, any amount is welcome, but i do need some  message here on facebook or call me if you want to donate "
we didn't start the fire   it was always burnin' since the world's been turnin' 
back from two days of airsoft  'twas intense  <propmale> got some video that might get put up sometime 
"hey, hey, we're the monkees and people say we monkey around  but we're too busy singing to put anybody down  we're just tryin' to be friendly, come and watch us sing and play, we're the young gneration, and we've got something to say "
"shine, make ´em wonder what you´ve got, make ´em wish that they were not,  on the outside looking bored   shine,  let it shine before all men,  let´em see good works, and then,  let ´em glorify the lord"
"even though the journey's long  and i know the road is hard,  well, the one who's gone before me  he will help me <propfemale> on  after all that i've been through, now i realize the truth, that i must go through the valley  to stand upon the mountain of god"
"back from this month's math meet  what's worse, that i got 7 points, or that i got 7 points and was #1 out of the few people from dirigo that went? \i lead\"""""
about to make a masterpiece with <propmale> r riggs on garageband 
"i don’t wanna go through the motions,  i don’t wanna go one more day  without your all consuming passion inside of me   i don’t wanna spend my whole life asking  \what if i had given everything?\""  instead of going through the motions   """
"give me your eyes for just one second   give me your eyes so i can see  everything that i keep missing   give me your love for humanity   give me your arms for the broken hearted,  the ones that are far beyond my reach   give me your heart for the ones forgotten   give me your eyes so i can see "
back from a day of airsoft and mw2 
maybe redemption has stories to tell  maybe forgiveness is right where you fell  where can you run to escape from yourself? where you gonna go? where you gonna go? salvation is here    i dare you to move
"got up, checked the wcsh6 school closings, was really surprised to see no schools listed, took a shower, ate breakfast, started to pack up for school, looked on the site again, and like a billion schools canceled  good to know how often the site updates    at least i'm 'awake' now "
ready for the 30 hour famine today
back from 30 hour famine 
still doing adv  algebra 2 homework   
"little darling, the smiles returning to the faces    little darling, it seems like years since it's been here  here comes the sun, here comes the sun  and i say it's all right"
"thanks for the \happy birthday's\"""""
happy pi day!
impossibility is impossible 
history fair- not the most exciting event ever 
almost everything i have done today involved the number 42 
"tell me a reason why this isn't treason, tell me, tell me i'm wrong  i swear i'm back but then it turns out it's only a season, so tell me, tell me i'm wrong"
airsoft tomorrow 
airsoft today was for the most part awesome 
"here comes the <propmale>, all bow down  lift up your voices unto the lamb  he is the <propmale>, all bow down, all bow down "
"what if i stumble, what if i fall? what if i lose my step and i make fools of us all? will the love continue when my walk becomes a crawl? what if i stumble, and what if i fall?"
"but if we are the body, why aren't his arms reaching? why aren't his hands healing? why aren't his words teaching?    and if we are the body, why aren't his feet going? why is his love not showing them there is a way? there is a way   "
"i am free to run, i am free to dance, i am free to live for you, i am free, yes i am free "
"\dance like no one is looking  sing like no one can hear  love like you've never hurt before  live like there's nothing to fear \"""""
"found my dream computer, if only i had $9,000 lying around i could get it "
"listening to music on shuffle and getting ready to play some \warband\"""""
"it happens in a blink, it happens in a flash, it happens in the time it takes to look back  i try to hold on tight, but there's no stopping time  what is it i've done with my life? it happens in a blink "
"back from my cousin's    played wii for half the ride   thats right, in the car "
airsoft in the morning  should be my first time officially playing with <propfirst> sawyer since he officially joined the squad  good to see him on the right side this time   wink 
back from a day of airsoft  a little sore  overall i would say it was a successful training day 
batteries for my airsoft gun arrived today  gonna' test its rof 
"sats in the morning, wish me luck "
a lot of airsoft today up in monmouth  exhausted  was fun though 
happy birthday to <propfirst> colpitts and <propmale> colpitts 
later i'm off to usher in <propfirst> colpitts and <propfemale> verrill's wedding!
back from <propmale> and <propfemale> colpitts' wedding 
long day of airsoft  extremely tired and sore  i'm off 
"the day before portfolios are due isn't the best day to find out you don't have everything for it   indecision  on another note, i think we figure out our sat scores tomorrow "
farming in the morning  indecision  then having a good friend over 
watching some mst3k 
"just finished making some chocolate chip cookies for chemistry  taste good, even though i don't think it was the \right\"" recipe """
"had a good airsoft day today, mostly "
finished the last monday of the current school year 
surprise half-day today 
back from camping and hiking  tired from little rest these last two days 
just got my last report card from <propmale> year  not disappointed 
heading out to gould farm today until saturday with my youth group  i might have access to facebook there   
back from gould farm  long trip 
relaxing today  listening to some kutless and other bands 
"listening to sanctus real, never really listened to them before "
pretty hot out   indecision 
"it was pretty hot today  working in the fields tomorrow, who wants to help!"
im headed to bed before midnight today?! what a concept!
off to camp 
is finally back from camp 
back from an airsoft night op at the brenner's 
had a grand ol' time playing warband with <propfirst> s  tonight  there are screenshots on xfire for those of you that have it 
listening to music and about to start working on my 'letter to self part 2' for future perspectives 
back from sea dogs game 
"no calc homework? is this a first, or did i just forget to write it down?"
i need a costume for tomorrow   annoyed \ cartoon day  
aaaaaand seniors win!
"my day: woke up, ate breakfast, went down the fields, took a half hour break at noon, went back down the fields, got up, took a shower, realize that over half the day is over  what a great sunday   "
wrote a bunch of my autobiography today for future perspectives class  no longer worried about it not being long enough 
finished stacking all of the wood in the back of the shed 
off to the brenner's for today and tomorrow 
went to wal-mart with conant today to accompany him while he got stuff for some enchiladas for culinary  did you realize that once you leave school with senior privs you aren't allowed to come back?
"being sick enough to feel absolutely horrible at school is not fun, especially since i can't really take a sick day with it being mid-terms "
working on ap gov for a good portion of this evening 
"alright, we have had 5 snowdays  perfect  now we just can't get any more, and seniors won't have to make anything up "
have a happy pi day everyone! ?
