1ddeb9d72cd548039aadd515298b5f83
school is boring    if only we had more lunch time to take up the day
why does every1 hate exams??? no homework    2 classes a day   
"driving home from atlanta, ga   i hate 4 hr drives  annoyed "
          whoaaaa i can do that too
"hey guys, send me a friend request on xbox live - terminator fat "
any1 have a clue of the school status tomorrow?
"due to the winter storm warning, jpii will be closed on friday, january 29th the basketball games vs  fr  <propfirst> scheduled for friday night and the presentation of the coming home court will be postponed until monday night, february 1  the coming home dance scheduled for saturday night will be moved to saturday, february 20  for all other activities, check with coaches and moderators "
boooo yahhhhhh!!!!!
lol at mymusic on my facebook   
any1 wanna take an extremely wild guess on who's not out of school tomorrow?!?!?!? <(0 0)>
"no school tomorrow! school website: no school monday, feb  15 due to icy road conditions in the morning and throughout the day   smile "
mmmm i love hot fries and dr  pepper  smile 
done with track  just ate  now 30min drive home and still have a power point to do
8 <propmale> today in track  smile 
gahh! school is gonna suck today   
"awesome track meet! alot of people broke their best times, i shaved off 30sec from my mile  smile "
just found out that my year's gpa isnt that bad  smile 
on my way to the lake  better not be freezing!
not alone - all that remains
going through hell watching the sumner academy program  they're square dancing now!  sad 
doing my last 4 csi hrs today  smile 
"idk bout it smelling awful, but the lower athletic fields are still  underwater lol"
empty inside - all that remains
emotions still touch me  still i can't feel a thing  like ghosts they melt into the fog and leave me cold 
haven't started english review guide that's due tomorrow and haven't studied at all haha! and i'm not worried at all
anyone wanna take a stab at how much i've been studying for exams?
i love exam week hahahaha  no homework   no stress   last week of school   could it get any better?
going camping at the lake this weekend  bringing the boat  fun? probably not b c i don't half the people that will be staying in my rv  (awkward)
was on the lake all weekend  got fried lol   it was worth it though
going whitewater rafting
"got a 49 on 9 holes today at fairvue lol    terrible, despite the fact i haven't played in 3+ years "
eating at casa viaja then going to watch fairvue's fireworks tonight 
driving to texas    wont be there till 12 smile 0
"1st period - adv  english (griffith)\2nd period - ap euro (sutla)\advisory - connely\3rd period - adv  chemistry (seifred)\4th period - adv  alg  ii (youell)\5th period - adv  spanish 2 (beals)\6th period - theology (findley)\7th period - int  theatre (schleimer)\8th period - ap stat\(terrible spelling for teachers probably lol   )"
i know i deleted the other one  but i really do love boys  
played 18 holes of golf at 6 smile 0    it was quite exhausting
my fortune   soon a visitor shall delight you
haha procrastinating and leaving a portion of work for tomorrow  greatest plan of mine ever
like this status if you're willing to let me ask you questions about your favorite m 'n' m's colors  it's my ap statistic's homework 
"if i haven't already asked, please post your 3 favorite color m 'n' m's in the comment  it's my ap stat homework "
i like to party  you like to party  we like to party all night long 
pizza for breakfast then back to my notecard outline  smile 
tommorows a dress down day correct?
769-yyv my new official liscense plate number!!!
had a great time playing paintball today   
oh my god the last excorcism is scary as hell!
thanks everyone that wished me a happy birthday
eating at garcia's  freedom is amazing
"either i'm exhausted because i got home at 8pm tonight, or it's simply because that stupid ap euro movie was the most boring film i've seen in my life  (most boring, not the worst  the traveler's guide to the galaxy is the worst, or w e it's called)"
rofl i'm ranked #50 worldwide in playing the ipod touch app towermadness 
going to see devil
went to eat pizza with my family tonight  driving home with the top down with my little brother was cool at night!
would things like breathing feel like a waste? it seems that leaving's the only way 
anyone want chickfila? text me 5938558 or comment with what you want  be fast
gacy is a good movie
moving to fairvue again
jackass 3d is my new favorite movie 
like this if you hate when people you don't know send you a friend request or you don't know their name but they have more than one person in their profile pic so you have to look at potetially 100 other pics to find the most common person 
i hate when people ask if i'll be hungry in an hour    am i supposed to evaluate how much i've eaten that day and make an educated estimation on how i'll feel in the future?
chili's for lunch? you bet
is it just me or is seeing 'live' country music in a mexican restaurant somewhat awkward
lol just got ranked 38th worldwide on one of the highscores on my ipod app    millions of people play it  smile  it's called tm zero
wow just found out my dad has <propfemale> palin's alaska crap tvo'd or w e it's called
the parties in texas are awesome
jp2 is out!
