d258a67ff32a6674909c790190b4a369
it really sucks to find out your relative has passed away from facebook
my chest hurts and i dont feel like myself     i hate getting sick!
getting better     slowly but surely
"glasses broke    check, tooth broke     check     "
well at least the glasses are taken care of
i almost got the plyers out last night       almost
looking forward to na na and <propfemale> night     i get to see bubba too!!!!
rip <propmale>         i miss you so much
three cars    two broken    how ghetto is that
love the rain!!!!!
friday    yeah!!!!
"we have a new addition, his name is diesel, hes awesome!!!!"
it's been a hard morning so far        
"i work for the best person!!! dhe is totally awesome, i am truly blessed!!!!!"
and she loves me even tho i cant type!!!!!
i hate allergies!!!!!!
i just want to stop hurting!!!!
it has to get better     right????
now i have a dry socket    isnt that great!
got it packed for the first time today and it sucks!!!!!
day two of having it packed     i want to puke!!!!
it tastes so bad     thats the problem    cant they make it taste better?????
"playing hookey from the dentist, i just cant take another day!!!!!"
i ended up going after all     
monday     blah
"rough , ,  "
watch the spider video on my profile its too funny     thanks <propfemale>!!!
i like it on the floor next to the bed
prayer is the answer to everything
denist again today    when will it end
monday              
bye bye myspace
i hate allergies!!!!!!!!
wrapping presents      ugh
not a great morning so far
i get my peanut and nugget tonight!!!!!!
the will of god will never take you where the grace of god can not protect you!
hearing what my kids have to put up with just makes me mad!!!!
happy thanksgiving!!!!
happy tuesday!!!!
"why do we sleep through church, but stay awake for a 3 hour movie? why is it hard to pray, but easy to cuss? why is it so hard to repost a godly bulletin, but easy to repost mean ones? why do people worship a celebrity, but not god? gonna ignore this, afraid to get laughed at? i bet 80% of you wont repost this  the lord said  if you deny me in front of your friends   i'll deny you in front of my father!!"
waiting at kylas school for her to get out  me and the little man are just hanging      
<propfemale> and papa are getting ready to build something awesome!!
hanging with the grandbabies     heaven
wow           its all i can say at this point
so my boss has pregnancy brain      and i love it!!!!!!!!! you go girl!!!!!!
"i hate allergies, nothing good comes from them"
heading home     my head hurts
long day     
mmmmm       what to have for dinner
this weather sucks!
"whats up with the cold, i moved to texas to get away from it!!!!!"
tgif!!!!!
waiting with the little man for my little <propfemale>      life is great!!!!!
blessed     
"monday, you found me again"
"waiting for <propfemale>, then yogi here we come!!!!"
got a new dog      her name is hershey  her and <propfemale> are buds already 
"hershey is a red doberman, she was abused  but now she will have a loving home where she is part of the family  pics to come    "
"its great to be home when you want to be, not so great when your forced to be!!!!!"
its my anniversary today!!!
monday!!!!!!!
"so i did a 180 on the ice yesterday, my son's comment when the car stopped spinning     mom we almost died    but you have mad skills!!!!!"
i hate being sick!
oooohhh my stomache  
antibiotics and steriods    winning combo
we will miss you <propfirst>      gone too soon!!!!!
praying for my baby girl    
the will of god will never take you where the grace of god can not protect you
coffee!!!!!!
