28b50154278ce4d3969805e7610c904e
happy new years all!
hopefully work won't be busy 
"this has been the greatest week of my life so far, and it was all because of you   love "
about to go to work; i'll be on later 
work was busy    got to go to an awesome pink <propmale> tribute concert    then i just came home and relaxed  time for me to get some sleep    work at 3 surprise 0pm
i'm awake now    work yippee 
heading to bed    rough day    long hours    time to sleep and wake up to start all over again!
i finally got some needed sleep  now it is time to begin the day 
it's time for me to get some sleep    i need it bad 
waiting    just waiting   
relaxing    being bored 
insanely bored 
is feeling very ninja    find me something to jump off of! i am bored like no other    wtb life? pst!
it is time for me to get some sleep 
it is too early to be awake 
"at work, bored "
had a fun day at work    now i am just kickin' it 
it's a boy!
people man     i'm heading to bed    i'm sick of the drama 
"alright, so i'm awake early, which is unusual  i have work at noon "
i'm home  just bored as can be 
work was interesting    now i'm just kickin' it 
going to bed  night 
alive and having fun 
    in ruins we lay amongst those of the old age    in ruins we fall apart like nothing     in ruins     we lay 
asleep 
i had a very short shift at work    at least i got to help out some before i left    just got finished cleaning my room and now i am going to go swing    text me if you want to talk 
just kickin' back relaxing  bored 
new car!
thinks shutter island is quite a sad movie 
i really need to download season five of numb3rs 
"honestly, today isn't my day at all "
boredom     embrace it 
it is way to early to be awake    but i have to work at 5 surprise 0 
work was long    stressful    and painful! but it's whatever i suppose 
"just kicking back, about to watch some movies  shake & bake!"
holy crap we got busy yesterday at work  35 minute wait is the maximum     i was bouncing all around the restaurant 
today was awesome  work was long but fun  mostly was doing work in the back which made my day so much easier 
finally a day of rest to come   
"errr   i really shouldn't be up this damn early! i am going to smoke, then i am going to try to go to bed  4 hours of sleep ftw!"
"just got off work at 10, it was hell being the only host  we got so fucking busy it was insane  but now i am just kicking back and relaxing and talking to tay "
not feeling too great at the current moment  my stomach feels like it is ready to e playful lode    excited to be working this weekend  but right now i am just laying in bed feeling like crap! wtb a better body that doesn't have anything wrong with it!
"work at 5 smile 0 tonight, i'm pondering if they're going to have me working as a host busser again  right now i think i am going to kill time by playing some audiosurf "
"work was hilarious, fun, and boring near the end  i had to close which sucked because it was so dead at 9 smile 0 and i was hoping for 10 to come around fast, every time i looked at the clock it was going so slow and i'm like fuck time  now i am at home and kickin' it "
peoples lack of grammar and intelligence really is starting to piss me off    
"is quite surprised  <propfemale>, you are extremely fun to have a conversation with!"
just got off work  interesting day    very interesting indeed  now i am going to kick back and relax    in too much pain 
"works today  i'm excited about it, but at the same time i dread it "
"is talking to tay, it is quite an interesting conversation  he just decapitated his little player, i smell a new hatchet v s  genitals!"
"thinks its too early to be up  work today at 5 surprise 0pm, exciting right?"
"is rather speechless  but none the less    work was alright, talking to <propfemale>, tay, and <propfemale> was great    just something is bothering me    a lot "
"just got done writing a really random note, everyone should read it  some may get a kick out of it, and i also have a question that needs to be answered! er    it's 5:14am    wow    haha "
is enjoying the conversation with <propfemale>  what else will i do today?
"tay umstott, you sir need to fucking learn to charge your phone  you plug it in, and bam, it does it for you  today was fucking epic "
"also for the random record, i have stayed up offically way past 24 fucking hours   laugh "
"just got off work and is now relaxing  i have to do laundry and i really don't want to  i work all weekend, something to look forward to i suppose "
"thinks today was fucking awesome  <propfemale>, tay, <propfirst>  love ! made my fucking day ten times brighter "
is a master of disguise  i hide behind the perfect mask    you can't see the heap of ruins i really am 
is watching <propmale>  my throat is killing me    
's throat is fucking killing him   sad  it sucks 
i just love being sick  coughing up your lungs is fun kids! try it at home!
gets way to bored 
i can finally work today!  laugh 
"\k  then my final decision is not to tell you when my son is born  have a nice life  smile \"" - <propfemale>    fucking bitch!"""
is up too early 
really wishes he could sleep 
is now bubba   laugh 
"is exhausted  i get to sleep in  looking forward to hanging out with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale> "
well plans change! err    now i don't know what to do 
"is happy that plans eventually turn up  so now i am bored about to watch jericho (good fucking tv show), then watch lost  ^^ epic win "
"i'm at work, waiting to clock in  5 hours of bussing, bring it on! we also have a 55 top lol "
"my foot hurts  work later on today, will be interesting  for now i'm swinging into the breeze "
is working 6 to 11 
is about to watch super troopers 
is run down 
er      what is going on with everything?  annoyed 
just needs to clear his head 
is watching jericho 
tay came in to town  we're just chillin' playing guitar hero  hanging out with people fun!
i have work at 6 
just got off work  now the night begins 
is having a fun night   smile 
"my knee hurts! four days off    yes! then work, then vacation!"
first day off and it was a blast!
what a great way to wake up!  smile 
well it woulda been coulda been worse than you'd ever know! oh the dashboard melted but we still had the radio!
"if it meant saving everyone elses life, no matter if they're my enemy, i would gladly give my life to preserve theirs "
"this song is stuck in my head    \everything you say; every time we kiss i can't think straight  but i'm okay  and i can't think of anybody else who i hate to miss as much as i hate missing you \"" - 6 months by hey monday"""
i leave at 3 surprise 0am  let the games begin!
"is still on the road  in north <propfemale>, hopefully i'll be there in the next few hours "
"wipeeeeouutttt! the surf was intense, tay and i both managed to get cut by shells  first day of vacation was epic "
north <propfemale> is very nice 
it's a monsoon out!
legally an adult soon 
"amazing birthday, amazing vacation "
made it home safely 
as much as i long for sleep  i long to stay up even more 
"show me all that i'm not, show me all that you've got "
i work a double tomorrow  awesome   smile 
"i'll be here by the ocean just waiting for proof that there's sunsets and silhouette dreams; all my sandcastles fall like the ashes of cigarettes and every wave drags me to sea  i could stand here for hours just to ask god the question, \is everyone here make-believe?\"""""
"i've been kicking ass since the <propfemale> of time  i'm just a killing man that has reached his killing prime  i burn and i plunder as it soothes my <propfemale>, weapon of my choice is great balls of fire!"
"(>\)> (>\""<) <(\""<) <---------- attack of the dancing kurbys!"""
people need to learn better grammar 
killing time at work  this weekend will be full of fun 
i'm fucking <propmale>!
tay will be here in about an hour and so the weekend begins 
this weekend was very eventful  i had a lot of fun 
i had fun today  excited about future plans 
"i won't just sit by and let you get hurt   even if it meant giving life and limb, i'd do whatever it took to keep you happy "
how i've longed to feel something these long years of my existence 
let's go crash some funerals in clown costumes 
why don't they have a hate button on here? they just have like!
une playful ected events today! connor just may come a <propmale> bit earlier than e playful ected 
<propfemale> is fully dilated and we're waiting for her water to break  connor <propfirst> henkel will be introduced to this world soon 
"a beautiful and healthy baby boy  connor <propfirst> henkel came into the world today at 2:16am, 6 9lbs, and 19 inches long "
working two doubles back to back this weekend  shopping for connor today then hanging out with <propfemale> 
"work was alright, not really looking forward to the quad this weekend, but eh, i'll survive "
i had a really fun night 
"and to my damsel in distress, you've made a mess of your new dress "
<propfirst> is bored    psych is funny 
happy thanksgiving to all   smile 
"i'd rather be hated for who i am, than loved for who i am not "
"my knee hurts! oh, hey something shiny!"
well now it's obvious that winter is here 
when you're super tired anywhere is comfortable 
getting ready to work  let's rock!
i have to get up early for work tomorrow! yay! fable 2 is entertaining 
i've been nauseous all day   sad  it sucks!
i get to play the waiting game at the moment! rawrr i'm a lion 
let's just drive off into the sunset and watch the world crash down 
i have to work at 8 surprise 0am tomorrow  after work will be fun though   wink 
there's an evil panda in my closet 
i hope you get what is coming to you tenfold 
i'm a genius with a headache 
time to go to work!
i hate being sick 
boredom will be the death of me 
i feel like garbage    i think my bronchitis is getting worse 
"i want to go back to work    i hate not working! i feel a bit better, kind of "
<propfemale> christmas all!
this week is going to be the best week ever   smile 
i'm a tiger 
burnt from work 
"i kicks it! rawrrr, i'm a ninja  i see you   love "
let the burnination begin!
tomorrow is going to be a busy day!
"when everything isn't going right, go left instead  best piece of advice i've ever given "
relaxing before work 
my finger hurts  i got stabbed by a 1 2 inch piece of glass  it was half way covered with blood 
"you don't choose your career, your career chooses you "
i must of known you in another life 
my mind needs to seriously stfu 
i hate being sick 
let's tear down these walls and show them who we really are 
so now i work two jobs 
the snow needs to stop 
this captain goes down with the ship 
"i will heal all your wounds, no matter the cost  life or limb, i'd be willing to sacrifice anything just to see you smile   love "
"training 11 surprise 0am to 6 surprise 0pm, work at the chux till close probably  fun day!"
i'm begging you to be my escape   love 
you're the only one who matters and the only one for me 
tennessee bound at 4am 
we're on our way!
mission to cincinnati again!
"i may be broken and i may be beat, but you will never take me down "
on the road again 
made it to tennessee safely 
back home  tennessee was beautiful and it was amazing  the weather was astounding too! 70 degree weather ftw!
"i want to give you the best life possible  tnt (ha, that's great; for the slow ones out there its <propfirst> n <propfemale> duh!)  love "
my life changed when you walked into my life   love 
it's because of you that the world is no longer crushing me 
"no matter how many battles i encounter, i'll stand and fight until the end  this is how i survive "
i'll be the wings that keep your heart in the clouds 
"we will rise and we will fall; some won't have much, and some will have it all  but it's how we survive in the cold winter night; never to give up and always to fight "
i will heal your wounds and turn your cuts into scars 
finally warmer weather 
"scratch that, the evil <propfemale> stole it "
they will see us waving from such great heights 
please don't tell me my castle is crumbling 
just knock me out and let me go back to sleep 
put down your guns and draw your swords 
i think its safe to say that winter has finally left the building 
ohio needs to be put on meds for its bi-polar weather 
down in tennessee with <propfemale> and her family  having a fun time!
my arm hurts 
i feel like i am starting to get sick  not fun!
sick     sad 
i don't want you to hurt    what can i do to take your pain away?
"cumberland, md is beautiful! i miss driving through it!"
tay and i have a bunch of college visits setup this week  i'm excited for this college road trip session 
lend me your strength and i will show you that we can take the world by storm 
"i miss ohio  i am having fun with tay on our college road trip  at vcu right now, then we're going to be heading down to auburn after this "
"auburn, <propmale>  southern hospitality for the win    missing everyone back home  our grand tour is almost over "
"stuck in a hellish storm, surrounded on all sides too!"
it feels good to be back home 
and the eyes in his head see the world spinning round  o o
i want to fall asleep every night with you warming my chilled bones  i want to wake up every morning and the first thing i see is your radiating beauty light up the room 
"sitting in bed, studying "
i was damned by light 
with fire in her lungs she let's out a voice that made the thunder cringe 
d[-_-]b
sometime change is good   smile 
let's put our heads together and travel the world 
"everything in life comes down to something as simple as a coin toss, heads you win, tales you lose, there is no middle ground "
"so how can we find ourselves, trapped in our own private hells, where we just scream but no one can hear "
it's only a matter of time   smile 
we never would have thought that we were dead 
"a real man will put down his gun, draw his sword, and fight to the death!"
"come to the dark side, we've got cookies "
"the world has gone to hell, doesn't anyone else realize this?"
note to self: doctors are still practicing medicine 
"i think there is an evil monkey in my closet, wait scratch that, i just killed it "
"i already went through middle school, grow up "
sometimes you have to burn down one bridge to build a new one 
so far i live to fight and die another day 
"what do we really know about life and everything in it? only what people have taught us, but what if the people who taught us were wrong all along because they we're taught wrong? talk about a mind fuck "
there is a ninja in my closet ready to eat you  o o
why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing people is wrong?
"when everything comes crashing down, i'll always stand up tall "
"phone screwed up, need peoples <propfirst> please & thank you!"
five more months and it'll be a year   laugh 
"no more cell phone, message me on here "
"what a great way to start off the day, finding out i have yet another hole in my ear-drum  my hearing is fucked  ^^"
what turns a man into a warrior?
people need to be more laid back    seriously 
i hate drama 
"things are turning around fast, and i fucking love it!"
watching lost and letting the night wear down 
it will take a lot more then that to take me down 
i can't wait to see if we're having a boy or a girl 
"sitting at work waiting for everyone to get here, gotta love being the first one here  ^^"
i'm worn out  worked all day 
i want my hearing to be normal again 
so sore from work 
"closed with <propfirst> n, dad (<propfirst> <propfirst>), and <propfirst>, hell of a fun time "
i beat <propfirst> <propfirst> to work  ha!
"i wanna work right now, tired of waiting for my shift to come around!"
"closed with <propmale> trilla gabbard and <propfirst> <propfirst>, good times "
getting close to over-time! oh yeah!
once there was a time where we could learn   
great close with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale> trilla gabbard 
"i hate sleep, considering it won't let me enjoy it "
it's almost been a year since we met  i've loved and cherished every day that i have been with you 
time to work 
"work was great tonight, even if we we're completely backed up on dish "
work was really slow tonight 
"worked all day, that's what i'm talking about "
"\words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup; they slither while they slip away across the universe \"""""
had a lot of fun picking out colors and the themes for the nursery with <propfemale> today 
"had a good shift today, now time to kick back and relax and enjoy the evening with <propfemale> "
"i want to sleep, is that so much to ask for? *sigh*"
"two cooks for a lunch rush, for the win! <propfirst> <propfirst>, little bush, and i rocked the lunch rush "
about to walk out the door for work 
had a good day at work  now it's time to relax 
my head is killing me 
"i feel kind of better, just not 100% yet "
"my head feels like someone took an axe to it  ha, splitting headache joke "
