b7cb61f79a81558ae490c24eb90c982d
"is rping, finishing fic, and waiting for capitol steps  oh, and had indian for dinner  dear heavens, but i love break "
would like to wish y'all a happy frikkin' new year!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"has winter classic outdoor hockey and a criminal minds marathon, with absolutely no reason to leave the house  mmmm, good day "
was wrangling kiddies all morning; hahaha 
is sick and hates it 
is considering applying for an ncis internship in two years 
"will yell \allahu akbar!\"" and pray for peace """
"just typed 13 pages of the next great american novel  and then deleted all 13 because it was, in fact, american, but there was very little great about it "
"is watching one too many movies that involve sharks coming out of nowhere and going \rawromnomnom\"" and privately promising to never swim again  evar """
"wonders why nobody remembers the allegations involving monkeys and little boys when mourning <propfirst> <propmale>  suddenly he's a great guy  wtf, world?"
has learnt to crochet  i think 
"is renewing her old-school comic book crush on tempest  because no man should look that good in a fancy wetsuit  i mean, srsly!"
"is hoping her printer works this time around, and contemplating the price of printer ink  good golly!"
should probably stop watching once more with feeling this late at night  i just woke up humming spike's lovely little number  * facepalm *
really needs to remember to paint her toenails  today 
has the most faaaaaabulous fireworks-painted toenails in preparation for the fourth of july!
"is sunburned, despite three hundred metric tons of sunscreen  fml "
is tired of caring 
"can no longer claim to \at least be smart\"""""
"can't spell \manslaughter\"" without \""laughter \"""""
"has the most insane urge to sing along with the sexy vampire song, but is resisting through sheer strength of will "
"is quite ashamed to admit she's listening to \honky tonk badonkadonk \"""""
"wishes she could have found seasons 3-5 at <propmale> world, too  oh well "
"is headed to the natatorium, hoping like hell that the lap lanes are not clogged with idiots again "
is going paddling on the river today  here's to hoping the spf 50 prevents sunburns better than spf 35 did 
"is sunburnt, despite spf 50 in large amounts  next step: spf 80!"
has now seen hbp twice   and wouldn't mind seeing it again 
wonders if anyone ever saw this coming 
"just discovered that her kittens steal pencils out of the desk cube at   ooh, 1 in the morning "
now knows who her roomie is! yay!
"has recently discovered criminal minds  oh geez, another addiction "
feels smug after doing that bbc top 100 books thing  my mother should be proud 
"really loves these coloring sheets  yay, pretty patterns!"
just made strawberry cake cookies  mmmmmmmmmcakemix 
"is sick, and that sucks "
"thinks she may just die  <propmale> hale being all, \mah name is amanda!\"" in cm? yes plz """
"is theoretically going school shopping today  oh lord, the summer's almost over  d8"
is now the somewhat-obsessed owner of young avengers vol  1  my mother despairs 
had waaaaaaaay too much fun at the green day concert tonight 
"walked <propmale> 'til i found you; i'm here to honor you  if i lose everything in the fire, i'm sending all my love to you "
"has finished knitting the choker part of her studded dog collar; now she just needs to get the yarn to knit the studs  tch, i am bad-ass "
"now owns a pair of size 1 knitting needles, a thing of tapestry thread, a thing of embroidery floss, and a thing of yarn  the last three are silver  let the e playful erimentation begin!"
"is wearing a cute, cuddly kitten   which snores "
is seriously considering getting her nose pierced  what do you think?
"is so bored, she just watched oprah "
is making like <propfirst> winchester and nomming some peach pie 
"had fun at little five points today, and even got a sweatshirt!"
"now owns a pair of snowpants  oh, goody!"
"saw ponyo last night, and has only thing to say: \omfgsocute!!!\"""""
is dancing  on her bed  while listening to <propfemale> gaynor on her laptop 
is making a soot sprite garland funscarf  it's pleasantly mindless 
"and her mother think that praying mantis copulation must go something like this: \bad touch! bad touch! bad touch!!\"""""
"is hacked; the kittens stole her knitting sometime this morning, and they've taken the needles with it "
is knitting the fibonacci sequence  knitting + math = a lot more interesting than you'd think 
"and <propfirst> mcclane stayed up beastly late, talking about garlic, showers, and \das keinstank \"""""
"is so glad to have her laptop back  i love you, internets  i love you!!! (hugs)"
thinks it's funny that she doesn't even have to be able to see the kittens to know that they're up to something   laugh 
"wishes her father would object earlier to the meal she's planned, ie, before the food was bought and made "
hates it when the shampoo in your ears makes it so that your headphones don't stay in  (pokes earbud back in )
"wonders why she can't sleep, and if it maybe has something to do with reading a list of american serial killers while talking to <propfemale> on aim  hmmm "
has yummy japanese nomnoms for college 
"is stressed  driver's license test on wednesday, last minute practice with an instructor tomorrow  somehow, this shit is scarier than leaving for college "
is kinda really nervous  i think i'd be much happier as a kitten  or a guppy  and i don't even know what guppies look like 
"suddenly realises that tomorrow, she's driving up to minnesota  oh, hell "
is now a licensed driver!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is 1,161 <propmale> away from home   and so far, still alive "
thinks this class scheduling thing is ridiculous and also impossible  does anyone offer anything besides labs on t th?!
"was bitten by a ladybug earlier today (who knew that ladybugs bit?!) and now sees that it is swelling up and itching like an itchy thing  this, <propfemale> <propfemale> thinks, is an awful realisation: ladybugs are bugs too "
"has now purchased $312 47 worth of textbooks, but will go back to the bookstore later today to a) buy her frikkin' goggles for her frikkin' chem class and b) return (for refund!) her math book  because she totally just bought that thang off half com  thanks, advisor!"
"is considering checking out the women's rugby team, even though she isn't, you know, athletic or anything "
"is learning spanish from <propfirst> eppes  no, seriously "
had fun watching saved with the corridor-buddies 
"washed her hair, did her nails, read some <propmale>, read the worst <propmale> book ever, and did her laundry--all by 8 smile 0 "
"is now on skype  verit_in_me, y'all  find me "
"misses her friends  this \lonely lunch\"" \""lonely dinner\"" thing is awful lame    dx"""
"is doubting she'll be able to go to the screw this afternoon  six books of odyssey, one chapter of chem, questions for chem, a chapter of math and its attached questions   at least my spanish homework is done "
knows she's at lutheran college when: the chemistry assignment asks her to find a) the volume of <propmale>'s ark and b) how many silver shekels the <propmale> of <propmale> gave in offerings 
"just built a fort, sang some beatles songs, and then watched mirrormask with, like, half her hall  badass, yo "
"is happy; her supervisor said to go ahead and have fun with her parents, because he'd call someone in off the waitlist "
"would rather watch \i'm on a boat! (the odyssey: the musical)\"" than read another <propfemale> of odysseus boohooing """
"was very happy to see her parents today, and likes her new stuff very much "
"has the most awesome-sauce hockey flipflops ever  in related news, the odyssey would be much improved by having odysseus monologue about his \flippiefloppies \"""""
"has finished all of her homework (except for another book of odyssey), taken a shower, gone to a meeting, and watched tv on her laptop  awesome-possum!"
"doesn't have class until 11:45, and isn't quite sure what to do with herself "
loves you like she loves a smile on the face of a good friend 
"just mentally read \arkansas\"" as \""are-kansas \"" fail """
"really, really wants to watch mulan now  thanks, disney's greatest hits "
"loved the rugby info session, and is pretty sure she has the makings of one badass prop  score!"
is pretty certain her lungs are gonna e playful lode at rugby tonight  greaaaaaaat 
"not only survived her first rugby practise, but was also told that she'd make one bad-ass prop, and that's what st olaf women's rugby needs  sweet "
"got up at 7 surprise 0 am, finished her excel project, went to breakfast, ate chocomalt-o-meal, went to the science library, finished her prelab, printed her excel, and then took photos of the roof greenhouse on regents  all this, and it wasn't even 9:20 am yet "
thinks it might be bad idea to confess that some of the <propmale> words she uses the most interestingly she learnt from watching too much anime 
must be strong as the raging river   
"was at rugby practise, and then, while showering off (and out her kneewounds) couldn't get dirt off only to realise, hoshiz, that's a bruise  hahaha "
"is going to not one but two rugby games today  and then a corn roast  oh, minnesota!"
"had a great time at the two rugby games  her knees are still ucky-looking, though   dx"
feels like crying  her knees hurt and aren't healing  she misses her friends  and her group here still makes her feel like the loser friend 
is having a really bad day 
"'s terrible, no good, very bad has continued with a) a serious scald and b) the info meeting from hell "
wants to know if you would like a turkey leg 
"rucks, and rucks hard "
just bled copiously from the nose 
has a tired 
is sick of feeling sick  wtf is making me feel nauseaus 24-7?
made a fanmix for the book of <propfemale> 
just had entirely too much fun at rugby practise  which included laughing like a loon in the grass  ahahaha 
kind of likes having her little nest strung up with candy-corn lights  it's cute and halloweeny!!!
"reeeealllllly has an awesome prospie  lol, <propmale> horror!!!"
"has an icky, yucky cough--but not swine flu!"
misses feeling like she's at home 
is hacking up a long   but not from swine flu! see you in class tomorrow!!
doesn't want to go to class  or work  shocker 
is amused by the fact that one side of her mouth is roughly  2 degrees hotter than the other  freaky 
"made waffles, bought a drink, and then took a math exam "
wishes she could breathe for five seconds without coughing  rugby tonight's gonna be hell 
wants to go home 
feels a bit better for the 46 minutes she just spent on the phone with her mommy 
wishes she could hug <propfemale> and <propmale> right now 
has a rugby game at river falls at 5 pm 
"was sat on, ten minutes in, but is healing herself with easymac and ice packs "
really likes listening to <propfemale> spektor 
"finally figured out where that squarish bruise around her knee is from: the heel of a cleat!! thanks, <propfemale>!! (hahahahaha )"
thought bruises were supposed to stop hurting as time went by--not start hurting 
just put in an hour 45 in the rain  brrrr 
"just spent an hour on a single math problem, because it wasn't in metric  pinto, i want you back!!!!!!!"
thinks the athenians were bullies  now if only she could find an erudite way of saying that   
has a metric f-ton of homework  grrrr 
"is amused; the person on the floor up is tapping his foot, and it goes so well with the techno "
"hoert whocast auf deutsch, und das macht die spanischearbeite nicht so langsam gehen!!"
"has to go to the wlc after con today, because the stupid videodiario doesn't work on her laptop  stupid cnn com "
will be fabric-gluing scrapbooking ribbon onto a graduation gown tonight for rugby  who knew there were no fat minnesotans?
is going to bed   and bringing war of the lions with her  sheesh  nerd 
"heard from her mother that it's 84 degress in <propfemale>  to that, she only can respond, \lol  it snowed here \"""""
"froze her tuchus off today at prom dress rugby, but had a great time warming up afterwards with the girls  pizza and brownies!!!"
went to church this morning!
"was ridiculously happy that it snowed overnight, and then had to do a happy dance upon going outside and seeing that it was still snowing  (and still is!!)"
got outed as a southerner this morning  hahaha!
was so surprised by the phone ringing (it's never done that before!) that she fell out of her chair 
is writing a spanish essay and wondering where in tarnation she can find a copy of the motorcycle diaries before friday 
is listening to britten's missa brevis <propfirst> by the choir of westminster cathedral while dying of calculus 
"loves how it's kinda snowing, but it's not sticking, so it's really only raining softly  not "
wishes <propfirst> eppes would stop assigning cnn video for the videodiario; it doesn't work with my laptop  and i really don't want to go to the wlc again 
"is listening to <propfirst> baez, and then heading to the kegger, to be followed by swing dance "
"woke up at 5:27, and good thing, too, because my alarm was set for 5 surprise 0 and they were outside my dorm at 5 smile 0!!!"
doesn't think she's going to church tomorrow morning; too sleepy after the 5:27 wake up call this morning 
"is watching <propmale> wainwright sing, and being jealous that <propfemale> got to see him in concert  man is amazing, fr srs "
"thinks that \fully-automatic nerf <propfirst> gun\"" is perhaps the second greatest phrase in the english language  right behind \""no school \"""""
"doesn't want to go to lab today  stupid higher education  (on the plus side, there's a coloring sheet involved  rock it, chem!)"
just had a really yummy orange 
"will be ready for this gcon midterm if it's the last thing she does   which, at this rate, it will be  baaah "
kinda wants to go to the chem demo today  two words: combustion reaction 
is going to bed  great con can teach itself 
is on fall break  ahahahahah 
"loves how she has known every single song to come on this oldies station--it's totally sixties weekend, apparently  good taste in music? i think so "
has indian food and the wild are playing the canes on tv  scooooooore 
had a ton of fun coloring with <propfemale> and gifty 
just enjoyed the living daylights out of a cup of chicken noodle soup   with rice 
"just tried to unloft her bed and reorganize her room--only to discover that it takes two people to loft unloft   and so preceded to spend thirty minutes putting everything back, with a slight twist to make it \better \"" i feel bad for whoever lives in 114 """
is having entirely too much fun playing with her food  who knew halloween peeps could be so much fun?
"sympathised with a squirrel this morning  it's okay, little <propmale>; i couldn't find what i was looking for, either "
wonders what on earth the boys in 314 do all day--play jacks? it's like a herd of very <propfemale> elephants!!! in high heels!!!!
just thanked jimi hendrix for holding the door  i love halloween!!!!
"is sad that the haunted hike was cancelled \due to downpour \"" it's not a downpour; it's barely dripping!"""
is a lion  roar!!!!
thinks that the worst part of drag me to hell was the kitten  kitten!!!!
"went to target today, and discovered--with a chill of horror--that it's nov 1, and they're already ready for christmas  on the plus side, i got a cute pair of bowls and some cutlery!"
"plans to remember, remember the fifth of november, but thinks she would prefer to do it with fireworks  it's traditional, doncha know "
is having a really rough time and just needs a hug 
"was just using write-or-die to get some of her nano done, and it started playing banana phone, and it actually encouraged a halt in the writing process, for a singing break "
denkt dass deutsch ist besser als spanisch  baaaaaaaaaaaaah 
walked into town today for church  such lovely weather!!
discovered that her flex dollars go the way of the unicorn at the end of the semester  i see foresee a lot more hot cocoa and tea study breaks at the cage   i have over $100 to go!!
"feels sick, and isn't sure if it's stress or what "
"is gettin' jiggy with <propmale> <propfemale>, and reading gcon  (what is it good for? absolutely nothin'!)"
just wants the washing machine to work 
"wants \god is closest to those with broken hearts\"" on a piece of jewelry or something """
was greatly amused to learn that the st olaf men's hockey team's forwards make lightsaber noises when indicating how a young sergei federov scored goals  love? i think so 
"would like to let you know that back in her day, we had to make our own water by smashing hydrogen and oxygen together   "
has discovered a binary-to-text text-to-binary translator  much fun to be had on the internets? i think so!
"is doing terrible, terrible things with jibjab  lol!"
"wants assassin's creed, but doesn't want (or need) a ps3  thank heaven for pc psp spin-offs!!"
"enjoyed the yummy pancakes and companionship this morning  thanks, <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!"
now has a kitten   who doesn't need its claws trimmed or its litter box cleaned  win 
is never going to get this essay done arrrghrawrgh*die* 
is about to go crazy because of the sound of gum popping  and or the fact that it's combined with this frikkin' essay  aaargh 
"did math homework to avoid working on her essay  holy, that's past sad  that's just depressing "
prays for grace; i need serenity more than anything right now 
"enjoyed seeing new <propfemale> last night, but now feels incredibly shallow  possibly because she is "
has pizza and cinnastix  life? she is bueeeeeno 
"is glad not to have anything to do today, except work on her novel  and sleep  lots of sleep "
"just spent two hours on skype with her mommy, which included a reading of twilight in 15 minutes  the lulz, they just don't stop "
"wants to wish <propmale>'s \on the origin of the species\"" a happy 150th birthday!!!!"""
"is getting nowhere on this stupid novel  next stop, homework "
wants pretty shirtless wolf boys  shaaaaalllllllllooooooooooowwwwww 
is now missing a large chunk of ankle  crap 
just gained back any weight she's lost at thanksgiving noms  omg yummmmm 
"recieved a lovely chocolate turkey from the llewellyns  we both go \gobble gobble!\"""""
"is not altogether excited for her friend, the cough's return   indecision "
"knows she's at music college; she walked past three professors humming \il est ne\"" this morning   in <propfemale> """
"is counting down   there are: 4 days until christmas fest, 7 days until the next gcon paper, 12 days until hannukah, 16 days until finals start, 19 days until the flight home, 25 days until christmas   "
is not a little teapot 
is playig in the snow ahahaha 
threw snowballs at people  it was fun 
is so happy for that thing called weekend 
"popped herself in the eye with her flashlight while out playing in the snow   at 10 annoyed omething at night  oh, olaf   !"
"would just like to let you know that there are: 20 days until christmas, 7 days until hannukah, 14 days until the flight, 11 days until the first final, 10 days until the end of classes, and 2 days until <propfemale> comes to st  olaf "
"can't decide which of three brothers of lorien she loves the most--rumil, orophin, or haldir  decisions, decisions   "
"laughed about man from uncle with two of the adults from church today, haha!"
"would just like to tell all those georgians complaining about cold   winter storm of the decade  (there may or may not be some wild laughter in there, haha )"
": well, i'll be damned; here comes your voice again  but that's not unusual; it's just that the <propfemale> is full, and you happened to call "
"had a great time at caf-sing-a-long  best $45,000 yr education evar "
thinks that the henna <propfemale> just gave her is completely ba!!!
": once i built a railroad, i made it run, i made it run against time  once i built a railroad, and now it's done  <propmale>, can you spare a dime? (ppm)"
plans on making a gingerbread house today  woohoo!
"has ellingson swag  so, apparently, we do \represent!\"" in the north """
has officially finished her last day of classes!!!
"just finished her first college final  1 down, three to go "
"is now 2 down, 2 to go in terms of finals  also, did you know that whiteout can freeze?"
"would just like to let you know that the phenomenon, wherein people pull fire alarms during finals study hours, does, in fact, occur in minnesota, too  yes, even in december "
"is pretty sure she's more than halfway 'round the twist at this point  but then again, i'm pretty sure i started out a little further around it than most   "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wmyl9hsn8ho&feature=player_embedded
"was sooooo amused to learn that, despite the delusions of the math department, the buy-back peeps are, in fact, not buying back the math text  anyone need a calc book? call me  i've got one "
"is now 3 down, 1 to go  pity it's the scariest one   "
"is sitting at home, wondering why in tarnation she's colder in <propfemale> than she was in northfield  really?"
"has missed the internet  heavens, how i love olaf's beautiful wireless works!"
"took her cat to the groomer, ate at sweet tomatoes, and recieved her copy of young avengers 2 in the mail  all in all, a sweet day "
"giggled when she saw that \dinner for one\"" made thedailywh at this year   laugh """
"would like to share the weather in <propfemale> northfield with y'all   that's right, it's a cheerful negative twenty one degrees outside  that is all "
will never get this reading done  and don't let's even mention that paper 
"is reading \fundies say the darndest things\"" and getting a little scared   """
"finished her essay omg yay  now to do the reading--and probably fall asleep in the middle of it  oh, great con "
has clean clothes omg exciting 
"is so excited to learn that she doesn't have to leave the dorm for class tomorrow  ahhh, -30 or less!"
is a little chilly 
"has an idea for a photo proj, and it's brill  also, yellow with pirate skulls and polka dots, whut!"
"wonders if it's normal to snicker every time you come across something that is written as \schroedinger's _______________\""  because i do """
"discovered that soft serve can go from starting-to-melt to rock-hard-frozen in the three minutes or less it takes to get from the commons to the dorm  oh, minnesota!"
just bought a month's worth of groceries for $8 26  successful? i think so 
"fist of god will punch you!!!! (way to go, broomballers!)"
wants her virus scan to hurry up and finish so she can go to bed omg 
"went gymming and is now going to go shower  mmm, hot shower!!"
"is up, dressed, and almost done with laundry  and it's not even 9 "
wishes there were no essays attached to field trips 
won volunteering 
"wants to know wtf the profs were thinking, assigning this paper to be due by monday at 5  rly? srsly?"
"finds the concept of tuna and mayonnaise flavoured dorritos absolutely revolting  really, japan? really?!"
will win essays  (even if it drives her nutzo )
wishes she could figure out how to download ebooks  stupid library website 
: first manjuu and now onigiri? my anime-watching means good things in the caf!
: avec <propfemale> president de burundi 
has a spock  on her desk  this is (not madness) epic win 
"slept in until 9 smile 0, and it was beautiful  now to work on that essay   "
would like to update you on things she hates: great con essays 
"is delighted that it's snowing, and really hopes it sticks around "
has discovered the lolcats bible translation project  does this count as a bible version for the exitjesus?
has the life of a pokemon game  minnesota nature used slippery sidewalk! it's super-effective!!
is suddenly not surprised that she felt chilly today; it's 5 degrees out!
hört symponie silbermonds zu  und mag dass 
": \virgil is the best  because i said so \"""""
is soooo scared about this final---and i don't even know why! it's just another discussion! (by the way: <propfirst> is still the best because i said so!)
is  home and practically wearing a cat 
"wants to watch criminal minds, but it's not on demand  pout "
is looking forward to actually sleeping in tomorrow morning 
is in love with <propfemale>   love   love   love 
will cry if <propfemale> and ilya get traded  fr srs 
"kovalchuk to the devils for bergfors, oduya, a prospect, and a pick? eff this, i'm going home--and i'm taking my crayons with me  *pout*"
had steambuns today  om nom nom   laugh 
is amused to find that the devils appear to be making the same mistake the thrashers did when it comes to playing with ilya  i'm less amused by the outcome of tonight's game 
is e playful eriencing southern snow and waiting for tonight's game  omg i love hockey 
thrashers won  life is good 
feels like crying all of the sudden -- and doesn't know why 
is so confused by new!facebook 
"to the person who wrote merope gaunt shopping at hot topic: i am sooo ashamed to be sharing a planet with you  no, really "
"gracias, danke, merci, and thank you to all my wonderful friends for wishing me a happy birthday! it's been a pretty great day!!  laugh "
just finished the speaking part of her spanish assignment  what? what's that i hear in the distance? it's   accomplishment 
has a massive sack of cereal 
"is stressed to the point of brain-e playful lodey  and to think, yesterday was going so well   "
omg olympics yay 
has the best friends ever   love 
loves how freaked out the southerners are by snow  it snowed that much today here   and there's no question that i've got class tomorrow  hahahasuck 
just turned in her short story contest entry  let's keep our fingers crossed!
just finished watching a 52-minute movie   in 42 minutes  win 
had 99 notifications when she logged on  wooooah <propfemale> 
is moving into another spanish class!!
"just downloaded an mp3 of discovery channel's \the world is just awesome\"" song  wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin most epic """
is listening to pcd  it's official: i have no self-respect left 
"wants to hug <propmale> when he looks so sad in \risky business\"" """
"it's after ten  stop playing your electric guitar  i can hear it, and it's annoying  goodness "
"finished all her homework by about 8:15  so now what do i do? (start on homework for tuesday, of course!!)"
"loves olympic sports coverage: long chunks of men's hockey split by long chunks of men's downhill? heaven, i'm in heaven~"
"will drift away on a river of stars, listening to the song of the heavens above, and dreaming of the day i met you "
"is sick of being stressed  self, stop being such a type-a spaz case  gosh "
": so if you've got a dream and a lot to do, stand up and i'll follow you "
has 1200 sheets of paper--and it only cost $1 96!
"wants it to snow, just so i can say \xia xue le!\""  smile """
"is struggling with a cognitive dissonance: it's nice enough that we're laying outside in the sun to do our homework, but cold enough that you can see your breath on the air   "
thinks everyone (and i do mean everyone) should go check out http annoyed  symphonyofscience com right now 
"\are there things about the universe that will be forever beyond our grasp? are there things about the universe that are ungraspable?\"""""
"the sun is shining, the sky is blue, the birds are being obnoxious--it feels like spring!!"
"was selected as a finalist for the <propmale> adams short story contest!!!! aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! (also, is super-excited for dr seuss dinner tonight   smile )"
"debenham: \captain <propfirst> hart is captain bad touch  at least for the duration of this series \"""""
really wants to have a dr who marathon  who's up for it??
hates this great con essay like a hatey thing that hates stuff 
"died at scriptless  (185 lady gagas walk into a bar  they say \ra-ah-ah-aha\"" and the bartender says \""what the f*** \"")"""
is excited for <propfemale>'s visit!!
would much rather sit outside in the sun than go to class today 
"dislikes english presentations  that is all  (also, trying to plan a <propmale>? not fun )"
"is so excited about bargain book blowout  um, do they know the way to my heart (and wallet) or what?!"
would like to tell the school board that cancelled prom rather than allow a gay couple to go: grow up  srsly 
feels better watching baby bears 
"is awake already  good luck, scholar prospies!!!"
"loves all of anselm's little passive-aggressive comments  \because some people just can't help themselves\"" hahaha!"""
"thinks that something about \spam veggie pita pockets\"" sounds oxymoronic   emphasis on the moronic!"""
enjoyed invictus an incredible amount   smile 
loves the volunteer network tee  manatees and dinosaurs and narhwals--in space!!
thinks she might have an ear infection  that would e playful lain the not hearing anything 
is really sick of guitar boy practising all the time 
"lol, schlämpchen  corrupting <propmale>, one <propmale>-student at a time "
why are all the poets i like dead?!
loves it  philosophy is much clearer when told in terms of the masamune and the <propmale> sword 
"loves college  i mean, seriously "
"ugh, what do boys do with all this shirt? this is insane!! (on a sidenote, yeah, i fail at masculinity   playful )"
"can hear taiko  much more interesting than my homework, believe you me "
"is not looking forward to the great con midterm tomorrow, but at least there's still 20 hours between us   "
sings along with trading yesterday  (if all the flowers faded away  and if all the storm clouds decided to stay  then you would find me each hour the same  she is tomorrow and i am today)
"for better or for worse, the great con midterm is over, and 185 was cancelled for today "
"while reading aquinas: \a comma! a comma! my abrahamic faith-based religion for a comma!!\"""""
is counting down the days to spring break and the subsequent anime overdose   
"recieved her anime notebooks in the mail today! wow, that was fast, animestuffstore com!!!"
had tonnes of fun watching negima! with <propfemale>   love 
keeps thinking it's friday  only it's not  bummer 
can't  wait  for break 
omg i love google chrome 
is employed for the summer   smile 
is done 
has new hair and new pants and all the criminal minds and cold case she needs   smile 
has anime on demand  cable is marvelous 
is really struggling with giles-as-uther  hard to hate him when you still think he's a totally awesome watcher  (omg! uther pendragon was a watcher!!!)
has the hiccups  ):
is back on the hill!!
"loves how rainy it is  waaay to welcome me back to college, mn "
"loves memes  \vulcan road rage\"" indeed """
"wants it to be friday  like, right now "
just spent two hours at dinner  best dinner ever   smile 
thinks the dorm needs soundproofing  honestly 
had fun at prospie!lunch  i hope some of these awesome people come back next year!
finished her lit presentation  (2 days early!)
"$6, one gluey hand, and one fit of duct-tape inspired cursing later, i have 3 shoes that should make it through another summer   smile "
just did the first 3 4s of my spring cleaning  ugh 
i am fabulous  (and i have xeemee's permission to say so )
is tots mcgoats not a fan of registration  ack!
applied for a vn job  let's keep our fingers crossed!
had fun with <propfemale> and the prospies last night!
found a dantean zombie  excellent literary tradition 
"in my happy little world, gareth david-lloyd can handle a fully automatic gun any time he wants "
"is done with her great con debate! also, has changed out of her fancypants "
physics says: go to sleep  of course you're tired  every atom in you has been dancing the shimmy in silver shoes nonstop from mitosis to now 
i have glee and glee has <propfemale>  life is goooood 
"is pretty darn certain that she has a stress fracture in her foot  walking, she is agony "
has room draw #96   out of 740  i think we'll count this as a win   smile 
will be on crutches until someone with an md can tell her what the heck is going on  i love medical 20 questions! [ sarcasm]
<propmale> <propmale> kicks vampires in the face  your argument is invalid 
hopes she ages half as well as pauley perette 
"just had the best brunch-lunch evar!!! good food, good friends, good times   love "
"has discovered that no, her allergy-plants do exist in minnesota  they just take a little longer to start blooming "
"thinks that sb 1070 is ridiculous, and wonders what it says to the world about the us   "
has discovered that <propmale> degrasse <propmale> has a facebook  i feel like the world is now complete 
"is now on twitter, all for the sake of stalking scientists   smile "
"just when i thought we'd seen the depth of it, glee surprises me! i was in tears, i tell you!"
"has 3 <propmale> & garfunkel cds  life, she is beautiful "
is seriously considering wearing her swimsuit to the chem study tonight 
"has cookies, tacky romances, and a weekend  life = excellent "
is so grateful for weekends 
"\well maybe i'm only dreamin' and maybe i'm just a fool but i don't remember learnin' how to hate in sunday school \"""""
blames minnesota for how bloody country she's gotten  18 years in the south did not manage to do this much damage  sheesh 
"will brb, brains e playful loding from glee promo "
just killed google  oops?
is not a fan of spanish essays  or any essays at all  d=
"has discovered that chaucer's characters identify as being \fly \"" snerk!"""
"would like to know if mn thinks it's funny, threatening to snow on may 7th "
"gets the idea, universe  minnesota gets cold  now turn spring back on "
"will be over here, quietly murdering trees in an effort to finish all these essays  (6 due in one week--and i only have 4 classes  what the heck?!)"
"essays: 1 down, 5 to go  cold: now devouring my lungs  urgh "
"\jlupul:   mom i know u spy on my twitter sooooo    happy mothers day to the best mom ever!\""  (brb falling in love with joff lupul )"""
is sick and tired  going to bed now 
may be converted to cheering for the twins  uh-ohhhh   
"okay, apparently, sleep? not the magical cure for fever  d:"
is in love with <propfirst> barrowman again  i might need to work on this 
"is going to the limestones concert tonight, and then doing essays all tomorrow!!!"
is catching up on television and powering through essays 
had tonnes of fun at the aids walk today  thanks for all the support!!
"has gummi bears with actual faces  let the massacre begin!!!!!! (also, on an unrelated note, i have abba and spanish essays  hello, rock bottom  didn't see you there )"
"just printed 23 pages on 12 pages of paper  environment hates me  but it's okay, because i hate myself "
dear quinn: stop bringing the awesome so hard  it makes it really hard to dislike you 
": \and that's when pda walked in   \"""""
is about to head over to that building with the windows and the roof for her chem final 
"is done with chemistry  forever  (except for that stupid orgo thing, which is less a chem class and more a lesson in why hell is bad )"
is a sweaty puddle of sweaty sweat  dear mn: they invented these things called air conditioners  please to be using them!
dear mn: enough already  so you can raise the mercury  now put it back down where it belongs 
"dear professor ripley: sorry, but the handwriting's unreadable from about <propfemale> 7 on  also, my spelling fell off a <propmale> somewhere in the middle of <propfemale> 9, and may or may not have tried to climb back up  but thanks for a fun semester!"
   so that's when pda really did walk in  and yeah  it was just as funny as i had imagined 
"is enjoying air conditioning in mt <propfirst>, il"
is home  finally  with internet and kittens and television and kittens and clothes and kittens and indian food and sushi and kittens  also there are kittens 
"made gluten-free cookies  mmm, crumbly!"
has a cute new dress from old navy! now for some matching shoes   !
loves the frikkin' <propmale> cup finals  woohoo!!!!
"\that's no moon   !\"""""
dear csi: please wear face shields when opening up dead bodies  it's disgusting that you don't  ugh 
had forgotten just how much an hour on the elliptical could burn  daaaaaaaang!
is hot  darn south 
is waaaatching rugby college sevens on tv   smile 
is going to make kahlua brownies  though i may cut back on some of the kahlua  half a cup? in a nine-inch? it's more common than you think 
"has discovered that holding your cat up to the wall to eat the bug does, in fact, work   laugh "
"wants to be a jedi  like, really, really wants to be a jedi  *pout*"
has some really drugged-out cats  and it's hysterical 
"was accepted into the sophomore leadership institute  (if anyone needs me, i'll be over here squealing )"
"just took her cat for a walk  yeah, on a harness and leash  yes, i am dying laughing "
will be very disappointed if germany doesn't beat the pants off australia 
is way hot  vbs = a serious workout 
newsweek reports the zombie apocalypse   but only if you have the right code  go to http annoyed  www newsweek com and hit up up down down left right left right b a enter  enjoy 
finds <propfemale> <propfirst> a ridiculously pleasant and soothing song  beeeeeed timessssszzzzzzzzzzzz   
has come to the realisation that everyone in soap operas was adopted  everyone 
was reaaaaally impressed by the tree that fell in the backyard  pics to follow 
love mythbusters  omg   laugh 
"would just like to say that the new discovery channel \boom di ada\"" ad makes my science e playful lode in so many awesome ways """
is watching x-men and remembering just how much comic!science fails 
is watching churchill cup reruns  i love knowing how the rugby game is going to end ahead of time 
is so frustrated and tired (and tired of being in pain) that she sat down and cried for a little bit  ):
got more silly bands at the store today  also a copy of the dark knight for less than $4  *smirk*
"discovered that someone makes <propfemale> wars themed beer steins  darthvaderbeerstein  i don't even drink, and i need this in my life "
is so glad that the faa approved the flying car! now to get the money for one   
is so happy for <propfemale> kasparec!!!
": and the skies opened up, and lo, the road <propfemale> was driving on was made very, very damp "
has kittens waging some serious warfare in her room  it'll be hysterical--until i have to clean that mess up   
"has discovered that your us army put out a comic on dealing with dadt  yes, a comic  i'm not sure whether i should be laughing or crying "
would like to point out that refusing to use your prescribed medication doesn't make you special; it just makes you an annoying pain in the tukhes 
"has some truly pretty glasses that only cost $12, including shipping and handling  awesome? why, yes, i do think so "
headlamp  right where you least e playful ect it 
"did the grocery shopping on about half of what her mother does, $$ wise  i may just survive adulthood "
"is amused by the fact ahmadinejad thinks that <propfirst> the octopus is a \symbol of all that is wrong with the western world \"""""
has another ear infection  small children: 845148793863 sarah: 0
woke up at 5 smile 0 and couldn't go back to sleep   annoyed 
is delighted that prop 8 was overturned!!!
's grandmother just died 
can't believe how little summer is left  or that she still can't get her grubby little american-lit-studying hands on the correct edition of leaves of grass 
"is terrified by the number of people in the us who think that obama is muslim, or kenyan "
"is on lucky number three!! ear infections, that is "
"está abusando de la educación española que <propfemale> ha recibido  ¡woohoo, cupones!"
is about to go blow a fortune at sephora  because it's the only way to stop losing money   laugh 
"thinks that \palmetto bug\"" is just a nice way of saying \""oh dear god kill it with fire\"" """
"would just like to say that if she's doing all the work for the lutheran hogwarts education, she'd like it to work on the hogwarts employment plan  which is to say, no matter what, you get that job you want  and an owl would be cool "
"went to the dentist today, but had no cavities! happy day is happy  (also, el lob de hob was selling paper stacks for 50% off  mmmmm, 180 pcs of paper for $10   )"
"needs somewhere to buy cheap fashion scarves  i have winter ones, now i just need the european style ones   annoyed "
"just finished typing up, formatting (thrice), posting, and tagging no less than 13,000 words  that's it  i'm going to bed "
"would like to dispel any unsavoury rumours: i am not pregnant, sick, or flunked out  i am, however, a student at a midwestern college, where things are civilised, and school doesn't start until after labour day "
bought $75 worth of scarves today   for $6 37!
"just got 50 free pics with free s&h from snapfish  scrapbook getting done, here i come~!!!"
"is in beloit, wisconsin  yeah, that's roughly 800 <propmale> in roughly 12 hours  we're kinda hardcore "
"just looked at all the con assignments for the semester  hellllloooo, panic "
"has to buy another book for am lit  i would be frustrated, but bresnan seems nice "
has the wrong bio book  let's see how long it takes a new one to arrive! d:
can use her old bio book  phew 
had way much fun at <propfirst> <propfirst> days today!! (omfg it's shriiiiiinkinggggg!!!!!)
thanks <propfemale> raitt for the new profile picture  lol!
"would like to share this with you: \o! r'lyeh?\"" \""ia! r'lyeh!\"""""
"has discovered that, for the next 10 days, this is the weather in northfield: chilly  chilly and cloudy  chilly and wet "
will be living gluten- and dairy-free for at least the next two weeks  anyone have any suggestions?
is on her third lightbulb in 5 days  this is getting downright redonk 
just put in her time at the gym for today!
wants to go to the dive-in movie saturday night at 9  who wants to get there early (to procure flotation devices) with me???
"is in the flooded basement  screw you, too, universe   annoyed "
"has been reading house of leaves  yeaaaaaah, that's not helping me write an essay on humanism "
is <propfirst>'s overworked and underpaid con student 
needs sleep like a sleepy thing needs sleep 
"having finished her homework (for today and tomorrow), is having a nice, hot cuppa  dear mutti: infinite thanks for the single-serve coffee pot  it is a love "
is flooded  screw you minnesotaaaaaaaaaaa
is moving to rand  <propfemale> and i will get as much moved tonight as we can  then tomorrow  and sunday 
"will be moving into her rand room (321) come monday afternoon! come one, come all, and help me shuffle stuff over! anyone have cars that are available for the cause??"
is not looking forward to this week  uggggggghhhhhhhhhh 
"is in her new rand room! no homework has been done, yet, but the room is at least starting to look live-in-able  pictures to follow as soon as i'm more put together, yes "
"was walking back from work today, and the landscaping truck sounded like the tardis  i was really excited there for a minute "
"has 99 pages to read, and then the only homework she has for the weekend is to start her shakespeare essay  go go pre-prepared ranger!!!"
is having a great day   laugh 
"had her class cancelled again  dear prof <propmale>, plz to be feeling better soon; i like vis nar  looooove, <propfemale>"
brb crying like a baby re: glee
i like it on the back of my chair   and on the fridge   and in the closet   and on the desk   and on the floor   
loves <propfemale> willingham for making her computer work  and because she's just plain awesome!
the correct plural of ocelot is oceshitload  ocefuckton is vulgar and should be avoided  (from the fake ap style book twitter)
got a perfect score on her biology test  yayyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
"should have a six pack, what with the way i was laughing tonight and all   laugh "
is totally applying for this e playful lo job   laugh 
"woke up at 3 30 this morning, and didn't fall back asleep until 7 10   now guess when my alarm goes off  *facepalm to cover a yawn*"
has the cough from hell--and can't safely take cough meds  d:
"has done homework, vacuumed, fed the fish, watered the plants, and wiped down the windowledge today  grown-upness is uncool "
"cut her hair  ahh, adulthood  so full of responsibility   annoyed \"
has glow in the dark hair dye  this is going to end fabulously 
wants her brains to please stay in her head 
is entj  aaaaand we are   not surprised   laugh 
is having the breakfast of friggin' champions--pb&j and a <propfemale> coke zero 
will winnnn college  if she can get this damn essay done 
is hunting the fail whale  but at least the essay's done!
"has reached the point where \connnnnnnnn!!\"" with epic fists incites mad snorting """
"would like to remind you that if you sound like you belong on a tb <propmale>, it's only kind to cover your damn mouth "
is dooooooooone 
"will be singing a funeral dirge for lizard watch 2 today  dang it, now how do i know when class is????"
has every intention of enjoying the snow   laugh 
finally has dry feet  thank god for target's affordably-priced boots 
still has <propfemale> <propfirst> running through her head  damn you gleeeeeeeeeee 
would just like to tell everyone to never get a visa giftcard  these heffers are more struggle than they're worth  grrrr 
has the cough from hell  but this afternoon's nap was nice 
"actually sniffled at the end of episode 5 of this season's criminal minds  oh, <propfirst>!"
knows now that her decision to spend a redonkulous amount of money in minnesota was the right one 
"doesn't really need an achilles' tendon, does she?"
wonders why photos with <propfemale> are so stupidly e playful ensive 
holy copulating excrement  <propmale> malfoy = zhao  whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat 
"wonders what makes helping rehab the hawk okay, when rehabing the squirrel is \unnatural\""  i refuse to \""just not look\"" while an animal is in active pain!"""
"mega-enjoyed christmasfest tonight  also, sailor <propfemale> ftw "
"has given up on making the financial aid website make sense  let's just say i'm making money, and i'm not sure how much, and leave it at that "
"thinks that <propfirst> booth's voice is stupidly soothing  life goal: have him as a prof  thanks, <propfirst> stubblefield for letting me borrow your cd!!"
"is up to her neck in snow, quite literally  you should see the snowdrifts outside the window "
"is one essay down, with one to go "
has discovered that there is a black hole short film!!! http annoyed  www rupertsanders com rupert html# sfv2  (nsfw--of course not; it's black hole)
"has a heating pad  oh, blessed warmth! (i can finally feel my toes again!!!!!)"
"got a random seat upgrade from airtran  happy christmas to  me, indeed!!"
has found the perfect pair of christian louboutins; pity they cost $800!
would just like to let you know that shoveling snow in the south involves an actual shovel 
"has an ear infection  yes, another one "
"has totoro and japanese homework  all in all, life seems pretty okay!"
has been hired by e playful lo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! anyone gonna be in the yale area this summer?
just wondering: any of you literature creative writing types have advice for how to teach high schoolers to write fantasy?
is jealous that <propfemale> is getting a snow day 
"*reaches into purse, pulls out concrete mixer* midwestern win!!!"
will deutsch wiedermal sprechen  weil ich vergesse aaaaalllllllleeeee   
"\there are just some places ludefisk doesn't belong  like most of them \"" (while discussing ludefisk dinners and lutheranism with <propfemale> <propmale> )"""
"and her roommate have the best tuesday nights  \omigawd bubbles freeze!!!!\"""""
accidentally repierced her own ear  ouch?
"has made it snow in minnesota, and is still kinda squealing like a ninny  but <propfemale> <propmale> is doing it, too!!"
has some pretty new glasses! pics to follow 
"is watching lord of the rings  ahhh, this is the life   laugh "
had a great time with <propfemale> tawel and <propfemale> willingham (whose name i nearly typed as boo) in the city today 
"\i can blow bubbles through the piercing! best  discovery  ever!!!!!\"""""
"has sir <propmale> de monc avec her!! oh, glee!!!!!!!!!!"
"just bought that bloody zombie book online  google fu, i love you!!!"
is lucky enough to know an awesome norseman conductor; way to go <propfemale> <propmale> for a total spectacular performance in band!!!!
has an itchy nose  *nosewrinkle*
dear nosebruise: i get it  you're there  do you mind laying off the sudden reminders?
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well "
"is home, and already has collected: one <propfemale> scratch, several <propfemale> cuddles, and rude comments from the fa "
"alright, nerdiness, you win  i'm buying no less than 3 books on literary theory  why? because i want them "
"dear ears: if you even think about getting infected again, i will end you  no love, <propfemale>"
has reached the stage of sleeplessness where watching british crime dramas is actually kinda riveting  *facepalm*
"did you know that facebook considers \ebonics\"" and \""spanglish\"" to both be real languages? you can blame <propfemale> blevins mills for the fact that my \""fluency\"" is looking ever more exciting   playful """
is stuck on an airplane  and then in an airport  con homework? what con homework?
dear green bay: thank you 
"when is an onion like a penis? (in exeter riddle #25, of course!)"
had grilled cheese and tomato soup for lunch  um yum yum!
is working on lesson plans and falling in love with dr who all over again   love 
dear friends: there aren't enough words in the english to tell you how awesome you are and how wonderful you make my life  thank you!!  love 
is sick  d:
thought she was better  turns out she was wrong 
got out of bio early  wiiiiin 
"is getting really sick of this \sick\"" thing     indecision """
has completed that damn short story  huzzah!
"dear walt whitman: it's official  you're still dead and bisexual-with-homosexual-leanings and kind of a pompous ass  i'm still in love with you  love, <propfemale>"
dear <propfirst> donne: marry me  i'll let you despoil me even 
"pizza, chicnugs, ice-cream, the two margs in my life, and a cool movie  good saturday is good  (2 margs = <propfemale> <propmale> bibra and <propfemale> <propmale>)"
has learnt that it can thunder and snow all at once  do not want 
my favourite part of brit lit to 1650: i know what <propmale>'s saying when he uses anglo-saxon  >d
"it's a bit disgusting, but i though i should let you know: if you time your belching right, it sounds like a dragon roaring "
awesome discovery of the day: i fit into a youth medium  includes much giggling from <propfemale> <propmale> and me 
why must walt whitman touch the deepest parts of my heart?
is going to casino night  so there 
dear universe: i will defeat you  you make everyone extra busy so cn can't happen? i go anyway  you make it late at night so target can't happen? i go to cub  you make it snowy so driving can't happen? my roommate's from wisconsin  we go anyway 
"friends, food, and fun; <propfemale> richardson should have her birthday more often "
is the buddha of tastytasty indian food nomnomnom 
"dear universe: i'm not a fan of nosebleeds, really, so next time you've got an epic one you just have to share, please choose someone else   annoyed "
hair is still straight as straight sticks  dear sir that <propfemale> willingham and i ran into in the moa over thanksgiving: my $10 straightener does just as good a job as your $200 straightener  but thanks for playing 
"dancing <propfemale>, youngest <propfemale>, only seventeeeeeeeeeeen  (dear glow: thank you for getting that stuck in my head  like, seriously )"
saw the yugioh movie today  omfg lol 
"i has legolas hair, thanks to <propfemale> <propmale> bibra!! so purdy omgs "
"fakeapstylebook fake ap stylebook \the plural form of batman is \batmen \"" \""batmans\"" is the present tense of the verb \""to batman \"""""
i love that spending a month learning the culture of japanese speech means that i get the jokes yu-gi-oh's creators make at kaiba's e playful ense  lolkaiba 
"support wi teachers: tomorrow, at 2 pm (ct), just walk out and sit down  peacefully let <propmale> know that you can't just mess with the teachers!!"
"don't cry for me, <propfemale>!!! (but minnesota, you can go ahead and sob )"
"even after more than a month of pre-planning, not enough students are signed up for fantasy creative writing  i'm still hired, but i guess i'm doing a different job! d:"
mud is slippy  who'da thunk? (^^^)
is a talented college woman   she just ironed her roomie's clothes with a straightener 
is an ra for next yeaaar!!!!!!!!
"i love thunderstorms, and the sound of thunderstorms loves me  *curls up, sleeps*"
"currently, i smell like <propfemale> syrup  aka yummy "
"is not feeling vaguely homicidal  \vaguely\"" implies there's a <propmale> i might not do it """
"introducing magsadosh to the wonder that is the discovery boom-di-yada ads  i love the whole world, especially this song!"
eyebrow-wiggliessssss!!
dear facebook: <propfemale> <propmale> has truly icky ideas  groooosssssss 
save the ccpls!!
"way much enjoys pipi and car me   love , aquaticas"
"if you had a daemon, what would it be?"
"rand, 322!!!!! (see you all next year )"
the sun'll come out tomorrow! (or at least it better!!)
dear <propfemale> merchant: do us all a favour and come live in my dorm room to sing me lullabies 
hot is: <propmale> cohen singing <propmale> roethke 
it's true that all the men you knew were dealers who said that they were through with dealing every time you gave them shelter   
"dear facebook: today, my roommate hit on her pet frog with clips on youtube  just another day in the life of <propfemale> and <propfemale> "
"happy zombie jeebus day, y'all!"
"\charming like a badger to the face \""\",b7cb61f79a81558ae490c24eb90c982d,"dear lungs: if you don't get your act together, i will seriously remove you with a spatula "
"regarding so-called therapeutic hurdles: \there are two options for getting over hurdles  you can either jump over or you can plow through \""\",b7cb61f79a81558ae490c24eb90c982d,"dear lungs: if you'd just have worked properly, we wouldn't be taking these drugs  (this is why we can't have nice things, you know )"
"\so a woman standing upright is phallic \""\",b7cb61f79a81558ae490c24eb90c982d,breaking: terror alert level: confetti!!!!
science: it's all about seeing how many flies are too drunk to <propfemale> onto the wire mesh 
"\minnesota nice  that's why we have cannibalism in the midwest \"" <propfemale> <propmale>"""
