4124442ab6871080c0dc924fbc3e4c28
"what the fuck? there's no music on facebook! argh, lame "
got my first official job today! self-employed i guess lol  i do sales for dish's third party company titled primetime 
new photo  comment  love 
"i feel a physical pain on my heart (or chest  ), a love for all, and a loneliness   "
deftones is awesome!! especially the song nosebleed live at the drunken waldrock 
well well well im skinny <propmale>
happy easter!!
"feelin pretty bomb about my recently (greatly) increased guitar skillz  got a college audition this saturday, nearly prepared "
cant wait to finish this song im writing  sounds unbelievable 
woot i got accepted into five town's college  smile 
"the song is coming along awesomely  i plan on spending a lot of time writing it so it comes out really good  although, the sooner i finish the better  x)"
wtf the bassist from slipknot died   
goin 2 phoenix soon! cant wait to see all my friends and family! excited? i am 
happy memorial's day! goin to th beach 
woot prom 2maro! kidna excite but it was kidna e playful ensive (165$) so it better b good lol
prom 2night!! supposed to be 660 people  
prom photos are up  check em out n comment  hopefully sometime soon ill get the rest of the pictures from my friends they took of us and themselves 
if u wana c me play drums (unrehearsed) check out <propfemale> vids  
"alright!! i finally finished the most complex song i've ever written  a whopping 8 minutes and 277 measures  98% complete (mixing, organizing, notation) all that's left is the lyrics "
"woot!! im goin to phoenix july 17! fo 2 weeks\ baby yeah  -ive written 10 songs now starting from 2005"
"yay i passed the reading comprehension with a\ 99 which means i dont have to take a college-level readin course  i have to go back and retake the algebra test because i was one point behind the required   "
going camping (and hiking) 2maro for a day and a half! fun   smile 
"just got back from hammock camping! twas fun \ phoenix in 6 days  !"
yayy im in phoenix now  hot as hell tho 
hey im in phoenix now  if you wana chill or something hit me up  -5168643160-
"got back from phoenix yesterday  trip was great, i just wish it could have been a lil longer "
comment new photos plz
yay i passed my second retake (algebra) of my placement exam yesterday with an average scolre! accepted at ncc woot 
"well   2day i chilled with a guy who jammed \with <propmale> dylon on the beach once and my taxi driver is friends with the \drummer from dream theater  !"
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
"front, back, and corkscrew flips off the diving board ftw"
getting closer to getting a band and making awesome music 
"i start training for my new job 2maro  i work at the borders cafe now woot  finally, a job "
"yay, a few forward steps in life   got a job, starting a band, planning college   now i just need to take a few medical steps forward and some legal stuff "
"omg its gana take like 4 more years to be where i wana b  ! screw u, reality"
feelin alright  gana have my shift scheduled next week
3 new poems ive written since i came to ny  check em out on my blog(s)
what is this unusual balance inside myself lately?
nearly failed at work today  
goin to audition 4 lead singer for a band tomorrow  wish me luck  gana sing ariels by system of a down  luckily for me its an easy song and good <propfemale>tch for <propfemale> voice
make sure not to take life for granted    you could find out you have cancer the next day or the sun could give out  jus give life your best
i got my first itouch! yippee
please please fast forward through this part of my life cuz it's so slow and grinding
savin up to go to phoenix this christmas and or new years
"what should i put here for everyone to read,\oojebuhgooba?"
"what should i put here for everyone to read, oojebuhgooba?"
at work takin a breather
woot! finished writing my latest song! ill stream it once i print and copy write it sometime tomorrow
myspace sucks  everything happens on facebook
alright people here's some streams of some songs i wrote! the order is from newest to oldest (top to bottom ) the first… http annoyed  lnk ms gbjvy
"<propfemale>, so i learned today that if your job says to give 2 weeks notice when you quit you dont do it because their just going to fuck you over and fire you asap anyways  i gave one weeks notice and they bitched about it being not 2 weeks notice and im not working the one week anyways   how professional!"
sucks being poor
people sure can be jerk-offs
yay finished writing a new song  the title is the need for control  if you want to hear it tell me and ill upload it  laugh 
"jesus, im sick of these problems i was born with  ive been sick of em since i was ten  this physical therapy better help    im not paying $50 a week for bullshit results"
"gettin shit done! goddamn, its about time to move up in life  "
"cephalic carnage, graaahh!"
   only   this   manupart   crescent in shape as escape   
gettin ready for the eclipse
"i have a pet goblin named rudi, also, its pretty funny how its easier to j-walk here than it is to cross at the light, even with the signal and all"
"christmas in one day, yay  and i now have more 9,000 songs in my library     and minimum duplicates "
"for those whom sliver in their own world and lack sight outside it, i wish for thee a fucking soul  \hmm now where was i? right, a sandwich    and christmas  laugh "
marry xmas!!
"lots of snow, dang"
happy new years
"mmmm   pumpernickel bagel and cinnamon, walnut, raisin cream cheese, pretty exotic =p"
"practice, practice    \makes jamming awesome"
"achoo!!!        ?(-???•?)?       if you're allergic to bull shit, drama queens, head games, liars, 2 faced people, keep this sneeze going   i can't wait to see who'll repost   lol   wtf???"
"woot, jam tomorrow!"
"well, well, well, <propmale> crimson!"
"last night i had a crazy dream i dreamd that my house was conected 2 a huge hot topic store that i workd at, thru the bathroom but i wasnt sure if i workd ther n i was written up as a deconciever (wtf is that?) my old boss from borders was working there too and right across the street was a seattles best cafe where i used to work but the logo was screwed up"
feelin some new music is about to come out
i witnessed a dog having a seizure today    or maybe it was a heart attack   pretty freaky  it survived tho and is at the doggy hospital
bein poor sucks  i had to buy groceries for the first time
bustin bustin bustin out on the guitar
anyone want to give me a ride to the show tomorrow in amityville!? id help pay for gas if ya need
"recording tomorrow    wish me a solid, and smooth time"
"my poetry now weeps blood from my ears \thy ears are sentenced to death \your soul shall replenish what is lost \in return i <propmale> you vision "
zombie strippers has a lot of cephalic carnage  
time to give a guitah lesson  
"shit, i have written enough music for a 24 <propfemale> ep with only four tracks   (i could make it six tracks and then it would be 29 <propfemale> ep)  laugh  just finished the fourth one today  not going to upload that one sorry  sad  but if you are one of my good friends i will send it to you personally if you want "
happy ground hogs day
life sure can be cooky
alright! i just got internet in the new house  finally moved out and got our own place 
fuck my finances    and the economy  i wish i had a car 
happy v day you fuckers  smile 
computer broke  fml hope i can fix it   
met with the producer from <propmale> today    great music will be on it's way shortly!! cant wait for things to get started  search fb for de lion and hostel ayalon label to see some of the stuff we will be doing!
my time is coming as a musician  don't worry you can all live in my castle hahahaha
hurray i finally finished cleaning my new room! when i first moved in i could barely breath    let alone smell
fuckin a i need a bassist    and a drummer    !
genghis tron ftw
just got my federal tax return woot  been waiting since i filed for it lol
check out the music vids i uploaded if you are interested in seeing some of the music i have been invloved with for the past month
just finished doing some research on genres    how many of you have heard of post-metal or sludge metal?
that tsunami was 500 mph    terrifying
"dear god, can i have a new father please?\the one i have now is a jackass"
i feel as if i have been in a haze the past few days  
i have the weirdest dreams sometimes      
happy st pattys
i just had an epiphany about socially righteous people    realizing this common problem that is still present to this day 
"i guess i am really a bassist after all   even though i have been trained on the guitar  all the bands i get in i end up being the bassist, and when people see me walking around with my instrument in its case they always guess its a bass (because i look like a bassist they say ) it must be because i have been trained with drums too  drums + guitar = bass   "
give me some fucking money
