1962f43e1dfdaa887c44df4ed3461f78
chillin    work from 1:15-6pm today  indecision  no work tomorrow but i work on v-day and i have no <propfirst>  annoyed  bunk!
at home   bored 
ive got work from 230p-1030p then headin up to <propfemale> most likely! whoo!
hmmm life is interesting   
"spent some time with the boy today  going into clovis tomorrow to see my cousin and probably my mom and sister too   dont really wanna stay up there too long   but for now goodnight, for i have work from 530am-12pm   "
"i'm at home for the majority of the day, for <propfirst> has work until 5pm  i'm not sure what i'm going to do  i'm semi-broke because i have to save money to pay for school, but hit me up if you wanna chill, and we'll see what happens "
excited for the next few nights before my dr appt  all i gotta do is hope for the best right  smile  and it shall be mine!
"work from 6p-1030p tonight \make it easy on us and dont come by after 930   lol\but really, dont lol \stayin at home tonight so anyone in kingsburg down to chill after 1030 then just text me "
"work from 6p-1030p \visit if you want \dont come after 945 though   make it an easy night for me  smile  lol jk \new pics coming later!"
work from 6p-1030p   booo at least <propfemale>'s there!!!
"turn your heartache right into joy\she's a girl, you're a boy,\get it together make it nice\ain't gonna need anymore advice \-crosby stills nash and young"
"i have work from 11-3 today  not too shabby and half is just cleaning and the other half is as a barista! whoo! doin laundry, and going to shower soon  miss my hunny bunch!"
work was cool   now its off to bed  i work at the fowler starbucks tomorrow! nervous!
workin at the fowler starbucks from 6a-11a then going floating pretty much right after my shift with the hunny and some friends  smile 
had a fucking amazing shift this morning!!!!!! ahhhhhh the taste of joy and happiness is on my lips once again!!!!
"work in the morning; from 5am-9am  then laundry, then hopefully my check is there   then going to reedley to pay for my fall semester  smile  and then to the bf's parents house for some good home cooked dinner and drinks  smile  then work at 5 smile 0am on saturday   "
"about ready to leave for work  5a-9a shift  should be short, sweet && to the point  smile  see ya later!!!"
work from 530am-1145am   then bbq thing at my house with my pops and stepmom and my hunny 
"doing my make-up && hair, and then i have work from 530a-1145a   lame    1145 get here fast!!!!"
chillin at home   kinda peeved cuz im sure inception isnt a 3hr long movie    waiting on the boy    gosh dammitt 
work again at 530am   blah!
work at 530   thats pretty soon  dammitt long shift today   hope it goes smooth   
"had 2 wonderful days off with my hunny smile  i've got work at 5am tomorrow, so goodnight world!"
work from 5am-9am  whooo short shift  then laundry and reading then time with the boy  smile 
feelin good  shower numero dos time!!! haha  then off to the bf's  smile 
at home  the boy went to the pub with <propmale> as soon as i left   annoyed  so i'll just vent on here  anyone wanna talk?
catching up with an old friend   its great!
missin the ex sucks but i do wish i could see him face to face 
need to peeeee lol 
k now it is time for mimis! night world 
work from 830am-4pm  anyone know of any parties tonight? lol  i think i need a verrrry drunkkk night  smile 
i want to drink!!!!! someone pleeeease tell me there some kick back somewhere!!! haha  and i dont wanna drive though haha 
"drink, drank, drunk  thats what should be goin on  still waiting on eric    wtf "
"blahhhhhhhh why is his thing taking forever! anyways, off to get smokes and coffee  starbucks time "
"i wake up in the morning and i wonder,\why everything's the same as it was \i can't understand  no, i can't understand,\how life goes on the way it does \\yup, so im passin out now "
"time to stay up all night reading so i gotta turn my laptop off lol  i may get on before i pass out, if i do haha  see ya!"
not a wink of sleep but i finished my book!!!! haha! class at 8   
i already enjoy my honors english class! && i was able to get in the philosophy class! whoo!
"love love love my english class! i owe it to mr dominguez though, for getting me into honors! whoo!"
"goodnight world  ive got school tomorrow from 8am-10am, then work from 7pm-11pm  smile "
school @ 8    doin my hair   
just about to go get smokes and then head to school  smile 
\do i sound mad?\,1962f43e1dfdaa887c44df4ed3461f78,woke up late so i'll look like shit at class    gay 
had fun last night then slept til noon  smile  haha
the boy went out of town for the wkend    i hate being left out cuz i have to work wkends! but theres nothing i can do about it   he'll be back tomorrow but i work 730a-4p   so i dunno if i'll even go to <propfemale>   
work time  see ya later!
"so, im trying to find something to do   like maybe wild waters or the island but theyre closed today  indecision  anyone have good ideas for the boy and i?"
i think we may drive up to <propmale> grove    crossing fingers! lol 
"not going to school, tired and got work at 11   "
at home  work from 1130a-330p  smile  short and sweet shift! just the way i like 'em sometimes lol 
"woke up late for work  got there an hr late  indecision \hella cleaned my room  smile \currently: doing laundry \then shower numero 2 and then heading to <propfemale>!"
at my house   bored   let down again   we'll see how things go tonight with the boy   lake tomorrow with some old friends  smile  stoked!
time to go see the mountains soon  smile  ready to chill 
work from 530p-11p so stoked with how things are going  smile 
is at home   was off work at 11p and now im watching law and order  smile 
is uploading pictures from the mountains  smile 
55 days til i'm 21!!!  smile  sooooo excited!
"fuck you! to:whoever <propfirst> the <propmale> on my car without me noticing, now my dads making me wash it today! and im scared of the automatic car washes cuz of final destination! lol "
showertime  then gas and car wash thingy   then nothing really lol  work from 7pm-11pm visit me if you wanna  smile 
had a good shift at work  had a good night after work  smile  now its nightynight time  smile 
just woke up not too long ago   showertime soon im thinking   
"chillin at home  still been to lazy to do anything  kinda bummin    hopefully work is tremendous tonight like it usually is! i love my regular customers, they make me smile  smile "
oh && 53 day til im 21!!!!
dunzo   
passin out  work from 10:45am-6pm tomorrow  looking forward to my 7 25 hr mid shift  smile  goodnight fb-world 
payday  smile  and my last day before 3-4 days off  smile  so excited! especially with my new found energy and happiness! whoooo!
had a great night last night  smile  as always with him  going to visit my momma after i get ready  smile 
had a wonderful night  smile  goodnight!
ps: 50 days 'til i'm 21!!!!
starbucks soon  then chill time and then heading to clovis for my besties bbq  smile 
showertime fools  smile 
worked 11-3 and now i am at home and about to chill with muh friends  smile 
blahblahblah!  wink 
work from 1115-645  indecision 
43 days til im 21!!!  smile 
"going to work, then chillin with friends afterwards  smile  stoked! &hearts;"
work from 10a-230p  hope it goes well and that my headache stays gone!
blah   waiting   then getting high  smile 
so i love love survivor! and it finally premeired last night! so happy! every wednesday! 8pm  and today i have work from 11 smile 0am-4:15pm  smile  oooooooh &&& 39 days 'til i turn 21!!!!!!!  laugh 
getting off fb for the night now  did a drawing of <propfemale> joplin  maybe ill post it up here   not til later though  g'night fb 
the count down really begins now! 30 days (1 month) 'til i'm 21!!!! i have work from 630-11 tonight  smile  chil time after with friends i havent seen in a while? we'll seeee  smile 
"zen buddhism(sounds appealing): a special transmission outside the scriptures;\no dependence on words and letters;\direct pointing to the mind of man;\seeing into one's nature and attaining buddhahood "
g'night fb 
im sitting at home for the day  still kinda sick  sad  and work from 2pm-6pm  hope i feel better soon!
"28 more days, then i'll be 21!!!! whooooooo!"
off work  at home  chillin with my pops 
finally washed the car!! whoo  even vacuumed the inside and like reeeeeallly cleaned the whole thing! feels good haha 
and i got my 200 dollar refund from reedley college today! whoooo!
25 days until im 21  smile  work today from 1130-330 and then its off to cash my check and then laundry? i think so   
almost time to leave for work  peace out ya'll  smile 
"work 5am-9am  slept for 3 5hrs last night  my double tall tuxedo mocha should wake me up  smile  its raining and i need new windsheild wipers  indecision  but, i love the rain!"
shower number 2 time!!!!
work in the morning from 730am-1130am  indecision  im tired   had a full day and some rain too!  laugh  g'night everyone 
annoyed  end of story 
leaving my house to start my adventure for today  smile  gonna see <propfemale> and baby too!
"20 days until i turn 21!!!! whooo, its getting closer! super excited  smile  work tonight from 645p-11p  ppl better stop comin in around 945ish!"
boo closing then goin in at 9am the next day   lol  nah it shouldnt be too bad  i got a 2hr clean sweep first  playful  but shift= 9am-5pm   
"going to bed, work at 5am  indecision  its back to quad <propfemale> con panna's in the early hours now that the weathers cooler  smile  yummmm"
epic fail  indecision  forgot i switched shifts with someone and now it conflicts with my plans for today  what the fudge! and on top of that my real shift itsnt til almost 11 and i woke up at 330am  fail! (plz dont laugh at me  indecision )
goin to sf soon  later start than anticipated but its all gravy  smile  hurry jes lol
sittin at home watching weeds  getting ready to fall asleep  work tomorrow 730a-245p  zzzzzzzzz   
work at 730a  i have a headache  indecision  this is gonna suck 
"new rollercoaster set for 2011 at 6flags  smile  green lantern, one of my faves  smile  and the ride looks siiiiick!"
"so lets recap annoyed 1  giants are going to the world series smile \2  dads gonna be home tomorrow!!!!\3  i'll be 21 in 2 days!!!!\ahhhhhhhhlllllmoooooost perfection  smile "
thank you all for my birthday wishes!!!
im 21  smile  and went to pismo yesterday and was pretty much drunk all day  smile  work today  indecision  but it shouldnt be too bad  smile  love my job and customers!!! 215-615 visit me if you wanna!
woke up  showered  came home  went cashed my check  now im at home about to eat carls jr  smile  work from 4p-11p  i must clean the poop flusher again tonight! lol 
"today is election day! glad facebook thought to remind us, though i didnt need reminding haha  doing laundry, washing the car, then going to vote! friday i leave for some 6flags adventures with my pop! whoooo, glad its just us haha "
giants won  smile 
"went to 6 flags yesterday and had a fantastic time, went to work today and had fun too! perfection in my eyes!"
"doin laundry at my house  watching the ladies man  smile  great movie  no work today, but i gotta get my tips "
"well, whats on my mind   hmmm    well, ummm i have work from 730p-1130p tonight  lookin forward to something!  smile  things are lookin good! time to do my hair and start preparing myself for work!"
excited about my promotion-best thing to happen to me in a while  right now im just at starbucks using the internet so i dont have to sit at my house   haha  new drivers liscence came and it looks different than they use to! things are awesome!
heading back to <propfemale> now    its boring there though  annoyed 
at starbucks in kingsburg using my laptop and being tired  heading back to <propfemale> shortly  smile  i work tomorrow 6 smile 0am-10 smile 0am  smile  happy gobble gobble day!
"i miss my <propfemale> & her gabby! im broke but hopefully thing work out so jes <propfemale> & i can go see a movie tonight!!! things are ok in life, kinda struggling but crossing my fingers for better times "
ok im leaving starbucks now and heading back    im tired of being around this commotion  bye starbucks thank you for my tips  smile 
question: anyone have kittens their giving away?
"hmmm all this new years hype all over again  i remember the last 2 new years and who i spent them with and it makes me miss him, but why he was is such an ass  oh well ill get past it later  dunno what im doing yet "
probably gonna get my hairs cut    maybe  well see 
im at kingsburg starbucks visiting with my <propfemale> before i leave for my meeting! lol  smile  but im sick sick sick and hatin it cuz the weathers so pretty outside!!!
chillin at starbucks  got my tips && gas! whoo!
