c09bdb445c28017e35f64f1c2d3599c4
working from home and watching the storm    seeing if i am going to loose internet service    auntie em   auntie em   follow the yellow brick road
sitting home planning a cruise to ireland 
i am dreaming of a vacation soooooonnnnnnn     nice island or something with a lot of margarita’s    lol
gotta love monday's   not
just made my niece a big cheese burger!!
maybe making brownies tonight!!
i'm bummed out that my work laptop hard drive crashed and i can't work from home tomorrow    sad  now i have to go into the office  that sucks!
waiting for the long weekend    and having fun!!!
"just got done making coleslaw for picnic tomorrow, potato salad is next    gotta love it!!!"
"ahhhh sun, blue skies!!"
it's a very lovely monday morning    is there such a thing?
i am making a mean ass of chillie   then maybe brownies    for all of you know my brownies   
"ughhh    i just went and bought a new refridge    my decided to quit lastnight   ugghhh    but at least the new one will be delivered tomorrow   and i have another one in the garage to hold things over until then    but i don't know how the beer or the wine coolers are going to stay cold   sorry little guys, the food comes first   "
remove<propfemale> fleming-keller <propfemale> just earned the 'tree hugger' yellow ribbon in farmville! <propfemale> got a big ol' reward for being such a great farmer and wants to share their success with you!  about an hour ago · comment · like   unlike · get a bonus from <propfemale>!
can not sleep   i have been up since 1 am   
"montgomery animal shelter is closing tomorrow  you can adopt for free today between 12 and 4  they will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! repost!! go save a life!!! 80 dogs and 30 cats          montgomery township pound 2261 route 206 <propfemale> mead, new jersey 08502 phone: 908-359-4308read moremontgomery animal shelter!!! (nj) free adoption  closing down source: newjersey craigslist org"
is eating kielbasa and sauerkraut and perogies    yummy   all i need is a beer  
"my niece got her drivers license today!!!   congrats <propfemale> way to go!!  now when are you coming down and we can go to the flea market!!  also pop said way to go, he is very proud of you!!"
can't sleep the damn neighbors keep fighting and keeping me awake!!  nice right?
is making cinnamon rolls  yummy  
happy birthday <propfirst>!!! what you're like 27 yrs old now???
i am so in the mood for cold stone!!!!  i remember the cold stone runs at pfizer  
ugghhh    the coffee pot is not working     everything seems to be breaking!!
ahhh what a beautiful day!!! happy early birthday <propfemale> and <propfemale> (my sisters)!! dad and i are am taking them to the casino today and then to emeril's resturant for some dinner!! we are going to have a great time!!!
yesterday was a lot of fun at the casino and we had a nice dinner at emeril's resturant      
is listening to her dog snore   i think she might have sleep apnea 
watching the missile hit the <propfemale>  
it's official it is snowing in long valley    yuk
alright now i am really going to bed!!
now i am really really going to bed   
"my sister-in-law hope hamtil fleming i was looking for a pickup with a pitch fork hole on the tire well   and i replied,  <propfemale> fleming-keller well, you don't have to look too hard, there is one parked in my driveway!! big <propmale> wanted a little bit more religion in his life, so i made his truck a little bit holy  lol"
is eating chocolates that her manager brought back from belgium  the box is almost gone  sigh  damn these things are good 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  so far i am having a great birthday!!
is watching the snow in long valley   
the apple pie that i made yesterday came out pretty good!
hmmm    nice hot cup of coffee and off to work!!
"omg    i just saw the name \dick stanley\"" listed in the corporate directory here at j&j    can it be?? no  maybe   if any of you from pfizer remember him he really lived up to his name   lol"""
"wooo hooo it's a great day outside!!  loving it!! going shopping later for a leafblowerr, kitchen-aiid mixer with attachments to make own sausages  ect   so excited!!!!"
just put the apple <propfemale> pie in the oven and on to make the coconut custard pie  
the apple <propfemale> pie turned out really really good     i just took the coconut custard pie out of the oven    yummy    next is chocolate chip cookies   
went to ac over the weekend and had a really fun time!!  <propfirst> won not just once but twice on the <propfemale> slots    lol     he won $1200 buck   lol    that is a whole lot of <propfemale>'s!
i have home made brownies!!! does anyone want any???? yummy
i went to <propfirst>'s property in upper state ny and i got to shoot my first riffle and shot gun and it was awesome    
happy thanksgiving    i am going on a cruise in feb  with my boyfreind from staten island
is on her way back to nj from staten island     stopping at border's to get <propfemale> some more books and then jersey bound 
needs presents to go under my christmas tree 
needs chistmas presents for her tree   
i need a snow shovel   is that one the gifts that you can send through farmville???
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!!!!  i hope you christmas is a special one!!!  just remember family is what makes the holidays the best!!!
sitting in the living room with <propfirst> and dad     dad is on his new laptop playing poker and watching the cooking channel     life is good for him right now   next is to get him on farmville and get his own farm    
"i think now that christmas is over with and the new year is coming up on us, we should get the old pfizer clan together for a little outing!!!  what does everyone think?? we could do vanderbuilts lets say third week in january!!"
did not go out lastnight liked planned    hopefully this new year will be better    god only knows    
r i p  zu zu pet!!  actually the little dog killed it and not the 135lb rotti    lmao    the devil dog rules the house  
is looking to go on a cruise deal     don't know where or how long    but hopefully find a good deal 
is watching the dog move around the couch to get a toy!! lol  
mexico is my perfect place to live according to the international living find your perfect place to live overseas quiz  click the link to discover where you can live better for less  http annoyed  apps facebook com live_overseas 
nerves are shot!!!!
is going to bed    not feeling too well   
purple
can you believe that this is all my brothers and sisters????? it really is!!!!  it is not like the <propmale> bunch because we were a lot more than the six of them       
the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status  you only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour  lets all do our bit to help  repost people please  
<propfemale> is hosting a barn raising and needs some friends to lend a hand! <propfemale> needs help in a good ol' fashioned barn raising to let them store more items! they still need the help of 10 more friend(s)!  7 hours ago via farmville only friends · comment ·likeunlike · view feedback (2)hide feedback (2) · click here to help
"i need 7 more people to help with my barn raising, please help "
going to see dad!!!
ugghhh    can't sleep been up since 2 am   
does anyone know how to lock the avatar in farmville????
what do my farmville friends want for gifts    
what does all my farmville friends want as a gift???
is anyone having troubles with things not posting from farmville?
ok    who claimed <propmale>'s gnome    fess up    
"how many of us really know all the people on our friend list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you       i want all of the people on my list to post how you met me   after you have completed this, repost this in your status box      i did it already with some people on their list, pretty fun!!!"
happy easter everyone!!!!  we are going to my sisters and having dinner with the family 
"ok    the prime rib is starting to cook for easter lunch today    it is huge, it will take a couple of hours to cook   "
no homemade brownies this easter  sad 
"it was so nice to see my nephew <propfirst> yesterday, i have not seen him in almost a year   he has grown up a lot     hey gar when are you coming down?"
actually misses pfizer days 
8 days until i go on a cruise to western carribean   wooo hoo   going to have a great time!  i really need this break bad!!
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear ur voice again  i thought of u today, but that is nothing new  i thought about u yesterday, and days before that too  i think of u in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories & a picture in a frame  your memory is a keepsake, from which i'll never part  god has    you in his arms, i have you in my heart  re-post if you have someone in heaven"
"ok    well i am off on my cruise at 4 am, when the car service comes to pick us up   then we are ft  lauderdale bound and then to the <propmale> carribean ship    then we are gone for 5 days and having a great time    all we need to know is \cabana boy\""   that is the most important thing   well that is what <propfirst> says   """
well    it is 4 am and we are off on our cruise    i will try to post pics throughout the cruise   everyone have a nice week and i will talk to everyone when we return  
for all those men who say \why marry thecow\,c09bdb445c28017e35f64f1c2d3599c4,hmmmmm  brownies         i am in the mood for brownies
"maretta, stay home all day and make sure you answer the door!!!!   don't worry it is not the boogy man       love you and miss you!  dad, <propfirst> and me!!!!!!!"
just went for a ride in dads model a     i sat in the rumble seat   lots of fun!
"went fishing tonight and <propfirst> caught two trout, one rainbow and brown trout     yummmy  "
<propfirst> is working very hard on planting the garden!!  he already has the herbs planted in the planter and now he is working on the veggie plants in the fenced in garden   he is such a great guy  
is just about to eat steaks with my cousin george  i am so excited because i have not seen him since last year   
"my commute to work really stinks!! lol   jk  it takes me two seconds, from the bedroom to the livingroom   nice"
having braut's and eggs for breakfast this morning    mmmmm  good   
just finished her hot fudge sunday from dq   yummy
\british petroleum rep <propfirst> prescott shrugged off the oil spill by saying, “louisiana\c09bdb445c28017e35f64f1c2d3599c4,"just got back from spruce run   rented a pontoon boat and fished all day    then came the storm and we were stuck on the otherside of the reservoir   we had to battle the storm   but we made it through   but i lost \wilson\"" the vollyball   """
just got done hemming the next door neighbors pants for a dance    i knew i was good for something besides brownies     lmao  
"ok   it is official    <propfirst> <propfirst> aken owns a boat   <propfirst>, my dad and my brother <propmale> have been outside with the boat all morning!!"
"might of landed a job telecommuting to chicago  woo hoo  i like telecommuting, and the job pays real well too    big thanks goes out to <propfirst> g  and <propfirst> for teaching me ariba  i couldn't of gotten this far without you guys  "
"sister week if you\have a sister who has made you laugh ,wiped your tears ,hugged\youtight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept\you strong ,copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise\from god that we will have a forever friend ?"
happy fathers day to all the wonderful fathers out there!!  it is a special day for all of them 
genpact!!! that is all i have to say!
had kfc for dinner    yum   and it was really good too    
can't sleep  annoyed     too much to do    and kept dreaming about flying in a helecoptor and when i woke up it was <propfirst> snoring 
sometimes i don't understand people   you do everything for family friends and when you ask for one thing they can't even do that   some people are so selfish and disrespectfull 
just got done eating a great big cheeseburger that my father made ith a nice fresh salad  
is at home hanging out with her niece  
"here it is 11 smile 0 at night and i still can not sleep, i have been up for over 25 hours sigh   "
here it is 6 am and still have not been able to sleep for two days  
"my father made an amazing pasta salad, he really out did himself on it "
"ok    since summer is winding down, how about a pfizer get together?  is anyone up for this?"
"ok   i am a big fan of skinny jeans, but they make my knees look fat  lol  "
"uggghhh!!  i wish that the head hunters do not call me for a job in fl, il, ga and to boot tell me that it is paying $15 00 an hour     boy that's a deal!!!"
does anyone know of a good hotel in london that is next to the castle?
"ok   i think it is official   i think i have a bleeding ulcer  damn nerves are really starting to get the best of me!!!! going to the doctors in the morning!! yay just another <propmale> that i have to pay for  i hate looking at things in a negative way, but sometimes it gets the best of me "
"this message is to my family     i found an old photo album with lots of pictures of all of us   this album is approx 12 - 14 years old, and there are plenty of pics of mom and <propfemale> in them   so stay tuned and i will announce when the pics are posted on face book "
wooo hooo    dad is making cornbeef and cabbage today!!  it is going to be so yummy!!!  who said that you can only eat cornbeef on st  patties day     he is getting us in the mood for our trip to ireland!!!  three <propfemale> jameson anyone??
yes    we had a great meal and some for tomorrow for some sandwiches with mustard     can't wait!!!    yummy    
"i am watching my niece and my father playing cards on the computer cards    priceless    best thing i very saw,,,,,  they are having a great time!!"
lastnight my uncle nate's brother passed away and my father and i are deeply saden to have such a wonderful person pass    my father has always spoke very fondly of <propmale>   our thoughts and prayers are with the entire family!!
does anyone know what i need to bring for a in person appt with unemployment?  i have not done this before 
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united \states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation \under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  (i grew up \saying this every morning in school -it's a shame we no longer do that \         for fear of offending someone)  now   , let's see how many \<propfemale>ns will repost and not care about offending anyone"
i just got back from the parade with my father and we were in it with his 1930 model a ford    we had a great time at some pulled pork sandwiches that my nephew and his wife <propfemale> made    it was awsome!!
"alrighty you all it is only 2 1 2 more days until i fly to london stay there two days, then go out to the dock then get on the crown <propfemale> cruise ship for a 15 day journey   the places we will be stopping at fumouth (england), dublin, belfast, iceland, greenland, canada and then they will be kicking us off the ship in brookland    can not wait  "
"hi everyone, we made it to london just fine and we went to the palace today and then went to the casino   we have to be at the train station by 11 am in the morning, then 2 1 2 hour trip the the cruise dock   will post something again tomorrow  "
ok    everyone we are home now    we had a great time    everyone did not realize how much time we were going to be gone for   we both got a really bad cold but believe it or not dad healed much better than me      i don't ever take anything for colds or uprsf or pnemonia    
"happy birthday aunt roe i miss you very much    \rip"
does anyone know of any jobs out there     i am going crazy not working     
why are you showing on line???
woo hoo!! my nephew <propfirst> won all 5 wrestling matches today!!!  great job <propfirst>!!
i like it on the floor or the couch 
i just figured it out today that i am going to be ok       woooo hoooo     
ok    how do you get a cat out of a 100 ft tree that has been up there for a day?
had a suprise visit from my nephew and his girlfirend and thier new beautiful rotti     she is so cute    i would keep her in a heart beat!!!  and that goes for my nephew and sahara tooo    
i am making stuffed chocolate chip cookies     yum yum    
getting ready to go to <propfemale> and meet up with my sisters to celebrate their birthdays at mt  airy lodge casino    should be a great time!!
"tomorrow will 1 yr ago that mr  searles passed away, and i want to take a minute to remember him     r i p mr  searles you will alway be in my thoughts and prayers    "
"i want my nephews new rotti, she is awsome!!!  love that doggie    gary if you get tired of her and want to give her away, i will take her in a heart beat   "
"i had a great time yesterday with my sisters and brother-in-laws and my father at the casino   we had a late lunch then we gambled for a couple of hours!!  just went up to the cemetery and planted \mums\"" at my mothers grave and my grandmothers grave  """
"is making spare ribs, perogies, stuffing, and green beans with bacon     talk about a heart attack waiting to happen, but it is sooo good   "
thinkig of going to las vegas with my father  in november!!!
is making home made chili for dinner with a nice avacodo and fresh bread!!! yum yum yum   
"is eating left over chillie, rice, avacodo, sour cream and bread    it is def  better the second day!!"
is it me or is my dog the only one that sheds all year long???
why are you all over the place today???
ok    i am still trying to figure out who put flowers and oatmeal in my car last night    does anyone want to fess up??
ok    my father is not feeling too well he has a realy bad cold and a cough     he keeps claiming a hot totty willl take care of that    i keep slipping him theraflu    hopefuly that will take care of it    if not then we are going to the doctors on monday!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes    had a great day!
you know when you are getting old when you have to put reading glasses on when you look at the computer!!! it just plain sucks     
i have a great big backhoe in my yard right now!!
ok    the first truck load of dirt is being dumped the back yard right now    i think there is 6 more after this  
"yay!!  i just paid the property taxes, i am all paid up until feb  1st   wooo  hoo  "
"love my brotherweek! if u have a brother who has made u laugh, wiped your tears,hugged u tight, watched u succeed, saw u fail, cheered u on and kept u strong, copy and paste this to your status  brothers are a promise that we will have a friend forever! post if you have an amazing brother!!"
"bad day yesterday    my new car broke and it is at the dealership, and to boot i woke up with a cold    yay for me!!  and no new jobs in site!!"
ok    the car is going to cost over 5000 dollars!!!
ugghhh     my car will not be fixed until next week and 5700 dollars later   this one bites the big one!!
i have chicken and stuffing in the oven cooking at a slow heat   then i will deep fry the french fries an cook up the veggies!!!  can't wait!!  if i don't have my car then at least i can cook and bake    hmmm    maybe i will make some chocolate chip cookies 
i could not sleep lastnight so about 1 am in the morning i was flipping through the tv channels   i saw on the kids cartoon channel that they had a infomercial for extenze   i was shocked!!  wonder why they would put that on a kid channel!!
"drinking a hot totty, hopefully i will be feeling better soon because this stuff taste like crap!!  i took a thera-flu too   "
"place of birth  everyone please play! it will be fun to learn where all your fb friends were born  copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth: long valley, nj"
getting rid of the old e playful lorer!!!  now just need to get my year old car fixed  
i just scrubbed the floors like <propfemale>    now they are all done    itt is onto the laundry mountain!!!
hello    is anyone out there??  i can't sleep and it's killing me!!
"the little piggy goes    weee    weee    all the way home    that comercial cracks me up everytime that i see it   i think of my niece everytime it is on, we went a mission to find those little spin wheels and could not find them   "
"is sitting here listening to her dog snore, and it is really loud!!  i think she needs one of those machines for sleep apnia (i think that is how you spell it)    lol"
it is pretty sad when it is 3 smile 0 am and you are watching people's court recordings     sigh    
pink
does wood <propmale>s <propmale> wood???  does the little piggy go weeee weee all the way home!!!  love those comercials   
is putting m+m's in alphabetical order    i'm almost done too!!!
ugghhh    another night without sleep!!  i can't take this anymore!!!!
uh oh   just saw the little devil from my left shoulder drop kick the little angel off my right shoulder a minute ago   this can't be good 
is going to make that apple pie today that she has been promising her father!!
ok    the apple pie is all made up and is in the oven baking      should havve homade pie in about 1 1 2 hr 
"ok    the pie is out of the oven and looks really good    i am going have to try a piece, but i better let it sit for a bit  "
my poor nephew is in icu  he had to have emergency surgery    i'm going to see him around 3 pm  
my poor nephew is in the hospital in intensive care!!  he had to have emergency surgery lastnight     i am going to see him at 3 pm   give him lots of hugs and kisses    
"just got back from the hospital, <propfirst> is in a lot of pain and still in the icu   they think that he will be coming home this weekend if everything goes good       he should get better now, because i brought him car, tatoo and weird nj magazines and i also brought my pink (lol) ds so he has something to take his mind off the pain "
yummy     apple pie and ice cream   
"lollipop lollipop\oh lolli lolli lolli \lollipop lollipop\oh lolli lolli lolli \lollipop! *pop*\badum dum dum \good luck getting that out of your head!"
"made it past the second phone interview, now just waiting on what day for the in person interview   i will have to go down to delaware for that one    fingers crossed  "
can some one send me a thank you letter for a position that i interviewed for?  my email address is rottidawn@aol com    all i need is a template one    thanks
"ok this is for my three brothers    brother'sweek-if you have a brother(s) who has made you laugh, punched \you,stuckup for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, \saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong  \someone you can't do without  copy and paste this to your status"
<propfirst> cox i just wanted to say thanks to every1 who came and saw me in the hospital it meant a lot to me  i just want to thank everyone who posted their thoughts and feelings on facebook who couldnt come see me that meant just as much to me  update: im doing well jus itching from the the staples healing and my ab mucsles are still really sore and still walking like an old fart lol but ill be ok thanks again every1 
mmmm    <propfemale> corn   i have not had this in ages!!!
yummy    snickers and take 5's     can't go wrong with that!!
ok   my doggy loves zuzu pets   lol   she is carrying it around like a puppy   
"i never get jealous when i see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate   lmao"
"jeezzzz    tomorrow i will have to make another apple pie, since my father ate the last one up    lol  "
there are a few people that i would like to take trick or treating on a highway dressed in deer costumes
off to vegas on tuesday!!  woo hoo!!!
mmmmm     cotton <propfemale>!!! yummy!!
ok   i am cooking up some apples with cinnamon and sugar and pouring them over nice vanilla ice cream   hopefully it will taste good    i will let you all know 
"ahhh a day of luxury, dusting, washing floors, clothes and the dog (maybe not in that order) and blowing the leaves…i need to get a life  lol  "
"is playing suzzi home maker today    dusted, cleaned the bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, and washed the floors, making navy bean soup with ham, making homemade apple crisp and a apple pie   i really need to get a life   lol   "
"omg    if i see one more western movie, i think i'm going to freak out!!!"
alright which of my siblings that live close has oatmeal???  i need it for apple crisp!!  i will make some for you too    
can't sleep  sad 
ohhh boy!!! i have a 135 lb rotti on steriods this should be interesting   lol
uggghhh    i have to get up at 4:45 am to go to the airport to leave for vegas   i will be sleeping on the plane   
ok    going to  bed because early day tomorrow    off to vegas baby!!!!
"is anyone looking to adopt a male rotti??  i was contacted by someone and they found a male rotti and they are unable to keep it, bt they are holding onto it until they can find a home for him   i was told that he is really good temperment and very sweet "
"vegas here we come!!  i am at the airport waiting to get on the plane, it leavees at 8:45  "
what!! you have to purchase your food on the planes now!!!  i flew just in sept and they did not charge us!!  what is up with that?  well maybe they knew i was going to be on the plane and they heard how much i can eat so they decided to charge for food now    
"ok    got off the plane in vegas and my cell phone rings, and ofcourse i answer it and it was a head <propmale> letting me know i got the job baby!!!  wooo hooo    what a great day!!  i start the job on nov  22nd, so i will have to drive down to de on the 21st and meet with my boss and get my computer!!  i will be working from home for the next 2 years!!! can you tell i am excited!!  blackjack here i come!!!"
"had a great week in las vegas, specaial thans for my my brother for cleaniing the inside and outside of my car    it has not that clean since i bought it!!! you are awsome !!! thanks a bunch   "
las vegas was awsome and we had an and a great time    cant' go back    
had a great time tonight hanging out with a great friend!!!!   hope we can do it tormorrow    
off to take pop to the docs   
i had a great time with on of my great friends    i hope had the same tumel   his family iw is great!!! and he is suuuuuccccchhhh a great father!!  i hope we can see him <propfemale>   
"cousins are the 1st friends of our lives      when you grow up, they are still your friends    repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world!!!they may not be part of your daily life, but they are never far from your thoughts and memories! my cousins rock!   "
just got back from tanning    well i should say just got back from burning!!! sad 
i think i am going to bed     i am beat!!
i think i am going to make a apple <propfemale> cheesecake tomorrow     then a homemade apple pie     yum yum
i have the hiccups big time!!!  can't get rid of them
i have to get ready to go shopping!!  poor me   lol
off to go shopping and have fun!!!!
i just had the best time shopping!!  i forgot how much fun it is to go shopping with people instead of doing it alone!!
"if anyone is looking for a job, listed below is an email that i got from a head <propmale>    if you want me to forward the message just let me know "
"getting ready to eat some dinner my father made     ham, sweet potatoes and spinich    yummy"
leaving soon to take my father to the casino!!!
woo hoo!!!!!  i brought home the money <propfemale>!!!!  won $550 at the mt  airey lodge!!!
"at the request of a facebook friend - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see it on everyone's !!                 even if its only for an hour please take a few moments to say a prayer for them """
"well only had 2 hours of sleep lastnight, my dad's litte dog kept barking and keeping me up!!!"
"uggghhh    i feel sick, i jus ate a whole bucket of cotton <propfemale>!!!  it was so good while i was eating it though     some day i will grow to be a big kid!!"
"special needs kids aren't sick or gross  they only want what we all want - to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it is special education week, & this is in honor of all children made in a unique way "
"3 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years old: mom whatever    17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna leave this house  25 years old: mom, you were right  35years old: wow, mom knew everything  50 years old: i don't   wanna lose   my mom  70 years old: i would give up everything for my mom to be here with me post this if you appreciate your mom"
"omg    does anyone want an ariba job in roseland    i have about 15 different headhunters contact me regarding this job, they are willing to pay $28 hr     i already have a job, but i want to see someone get this job!!  see below:"
"this really stinks, i can't sleep again!!! please someone hit me over the head so at least i will be able to sleep that way!!!"
i still can not sleep!!!! ughhhhh    i should of not taken a nap during the day!!!
is going to bed early tonight!!!
feeling better today    yay!!
time to clean!!  my little tornado went through the house!!!
"omg!!  i think i'm going to puke    my father is making a turkey and he just let me know that he put the heart and the gizzards in the stuffing     looks like i'm not going to have stuffing, mc donalds is looking pretty good right now   sad "
i am so tired    
"another sleepless night!!: smile (\\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  www facebook com apps application php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=znzfb008_zj laugh m2682hus"
who is looking for a job in seacaucus as a tier two pc tech??  if you are interested please let me know here are some of the specs for the position 
"i don't need an angel on my christmas tree, i already have one in heaven looking down on me  put this on your status if you have someone in heaven you wish could be with you at christmas   "
can everyone send me their current address????
"well, getting on my first conference call with my new job    it's official   did i mention that i am reporting directly the vp of bank of <propfemale> (yikes)!!"
"omg    i forgot how boring these ariba conference call were, but i am a trooper i will try not to fall asleep   it's also nice to be working from home!!"
this conference call is like watching paint dry!!  thank god for the internet and facebook    lol   
"ok, the conference call for the new job went well (little boring but ok)   after the call i was talking with my manager and he is a very cool guy for being a vp, they are usually stuffy but he is not!!!  i should be going down to delaware at the end of the week to meet him and pick up my laptop    so excited  "
off to go get a building permit in long valley 
yay!!! no sleep at all lastnight   this is going to be a fun day!! not!!!
"who is proficient in clinical trial payments????  i received a job opening from a head <propmale> and since i have a job now, and i would like to extend this offer to other friends "
omg    the <propmale> bunch move is on!!!  have to watch it      i am a kd at heart!!!
my father is not feeling too well!     he is very tired!!!!!
hmmmm    snow this weekend with single digit temps     i have to xmas shop too!!! (sigh)    
yep    on another conference call for ariba!!!   fun!!!!
going to de on monday morning!!!   is there any good places to go in wilmington???
"ok    i found soemthing to do in wilmington, de for me to do on monday        http annoyed  www delawarepark com "
"don't want to go outside it is too freaking cold, but i have to go denville to the lawyers to pick up papers!!"
i feel like crap    going back to bed!!  my stomach is killing me!!
"we're back    just walked in the door from wilmington, de    met my new boss and got my new laptop and had orientation    great last two days   "
getting ready to go to bank of <propfemale> to get my vpn issue resolved 
can't sleep    just got done wrapping presents       i hope this holiday goes well    i made a wreath for my mother grave and it looks sooooo nice   
ughhh    another night of not sleeping     
still wrapping presents!!!!  yay   the kids are going to be so suprised!! wink *
uggghhhh     two hour conference call    
i don’t understand how some people are so quick to pass judgment of other people when they are not perfect themselves  annoyed 
"well, just got two more truck loads of dirt   i think the stones are next!!"
is going xmas shopping tonight   nothing like waiting the last moment  
presents are wrapped and some are unrapped    i got a snugglie's   
let it snow let it snow let it snow   
had a great day yesterday hanging out with friends and family!!  ahhhh life is good   
my puppy loves zu zu pets!!  she is on her second one!!  gotta love watching a 135lb rotti <propmale> a little toy hampster       lol
looking very gray outside!!
ok it is starting to flurry out!!  let the fun begin!!
witty
"i just don't get it!!  i work remotely in nj for a company that is located in de and now i have to pay de taxes too    that is not right, it's not like i have an office there or anything there   oh well, i guess it could be worse and not have a job  sad "
what is up with all the fire whistle's going off this morning??
breakfast of champion's   hot wings!!  yummy   and no i am not pregnant  lol
i miss the pfizer days with the lottery    we definately had a good group   
"this is to all the old pfizer people:  since the holidays are over, i was think that we should have a get together since people might have more time now    let me know who is interested and then we can work out the details  smile  smile "
is anyone looking for a job of ariba trainer???  colabria is looking for someone     let me know if you are interested   
"i know that all my freinds are cursing me     but \yay\"" snow     going out to play latter       the only reason why i like it is because i don't have to go out and drive in it!!!"""
there must be a lot of people home today   bc i have 26 people online!!!!
"i was able to talk to my cousin <propfemale> today!!!    she is <propfemale>ooooo funny        and <propfemale>, my father \your uncle buzzy\"" was <propfemale> happy to talk to you today!!!  you made his day!!!"""
ohhh    boy i have been on this confernece call for almost hour and a half      sad 
i hear <propmale> outside!!!  plowing out my driveway!!!  hey <propmale> i am on a conference call so i can not come out to pay you   if you just want to stop in and i will leave the cash with my poppa    
"let the weekend begin!!!!  i'm going out to dinner   yay!!!  don't know where, but i am sure it is going to fun   "
hmmm    if i was a set of car keys where would i be!!!     looking  looking   and still looking    
"sweet girls come from the south, barbies come from ca, but nj girls have fire & ice in our blood! we can drive in the snow, handle the cold, beat the heat, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook and drink w  the boys! we can cook a wicked good meal & if we have an opinion, you bet your ass you're gonna hear it!!! - repost if ur a proud jersey girl!"
ok    has anyone heard from <propfemale> hochman juneau today???
i'm thinking of making a big pot of pasta      yummy!!!  maybe later tonight maybe make peanut butter cookies!!!  got to love it!!!
omg    it is so freaken cold outside     i am so happy i work from home on these type of days   
yay    2 more conference calls then i can actually get some work done       
thank god for the mute button!!!!
hmmm     pasta or hamburger for lunch???
ok    pasta won     sloppy <propfirst>'s tomorrow   yummy!!!!
omg     i feel like i got hit by a <propmale> truck       i have the worst sore throat in the world!!!!!: smile '(
yesterday was <propmale>'s birthday i can't believe he has been gone for 28 yrs     r i p  <propmale>!!
ohhh    there goes <propmale>    plowing    hey <propmale> stop in and get some money!!!   smile 
yea    it is def  bite my ass weds    right <propfemale>?
alright    can my throat get anymore painful????
omg    my fathers dog is so weird and mean    wink 
cousins are the 1st friends of your life  cousins are there as childhood friends  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins    even if you don't talk much lately     re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world
gotta love pay days!!!!  woooo hoooo money!!!!
"ohhhh boy, <propfemale> is on her 5th zu zu pet   "
what is wrong with that dog    she just bit <propfemale>'s but again    
i'm still sick     sad 
"ok    what is everyone getting me for  \v-day\""?"""
ok as my cousin would say     today is bite my ass wednesday!!
does washington twp and washington boro have school ?
i'm cute!!!!!    i'm  cue53  jk
watching the snow fall down          
yay suck my ass thurs     
who is the best aunt in the world?????????
"snow, snow and more freaking snow      "
am known as chicken litle     just saying      
got to go to work in one hour and 50 min       annoyed  god freaking bless me      
kmjmkm bing bng wound like a freaking top             just saying      
yay     one more hour and 20 <propfemale>  before work time        crying 
yay 52 <propfemale>  to work time       then sleepy time at seven        am god bless me         smile 
ut ohh      bite my freakng snow but friday        just what i want some more freaking snow              
"it's brothers week: if you have a brother who has made you laugh, picked on you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without     put this up as your status\49 seconds ago"
yay me time      freaking not      work time      
eww     <propfemale> sinks big time       i think i need to change puppy chow       
yay     workplexe        ummmm hummmm     
yea i guess i better empty out the voice mail messages       
yay work is almost done then a few hour naps then more work     sad 
"ok     the freaking \devil dog\"" is up      """
do you realize 5 feet of snow in my driveway right now        i just messured it    lol   
you can still so see i have not slept at all       freaking wound like a top     
"i might be a nut, but i''m a good nut!"
boy the devil dog is rare form this morning     here i have a 140 lb rotti and do you think i am afraid her no it the 19 lb cocker that you have to worry about   
ok going on 36 hours right now and there seems to be no sleep in the future for me    
had to go to the hospital this morning    been so sick i would rather feel better 
r i p  mr  cramer        our family prayers are with you mrs cramer
is sitting here listening to <propfemale> snore    go figure a 140lb rotti snores    she does other things too but i am not going to list them    lol   
"nice watching the \vs\"" station and they are fishing for tuna     i really want to do that    """
a big happy old birthday goes out to my cousin <propfirst>!!!!  old man   lol     jk
yay ozzy is going to be on a superbowl commercial    
shower then off to the food store!!!
"ok    all is good    got home and put <propfemale> in the bed (boy she is heavy) and now going to play some cards then slllleeeeeppppp        btw     great job <propfirst>   that was a good game and i don't even really know basketball, but i know i had a good time     congrats   <propfemale>"
come out where ever you are!!!
lmao     my father and i are watching amesrican idiol and he thought <propfirst> tylor was a girl    
yummy popcorn      
owww    my eye still hurts    
my father is making spagetti and meatballs for lunch today    yummy
uggghhh    can't sleep again     but job interview went great today     will working at peapack     
asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  too many to mention have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
going shoppig with dad and <propfirst> and then <propfirst> and i am off to <propfemale> for the weekend   yay
boy that was a bad crash at daytona 500   
"when someone you love becomes a memory, that memory becomes your treasure, i miss you mom and all my family that i have lost!! r i p "
uhhhh    still can't sleep   only wish i could at least get a couple hours    sigh
yep    another sleepless night! got to love it  not  sad 
23 days away from spring yay     we really need it!!!
"if anyone really knows me, i have a pink netbook    how cool is that?"
"awww    my poor father asked me what year it was, i felt so bad for telling him "
can't wait till my niece comes tomorrow!!!
omg    sitting here listening to <propfemale> snore     too loud   
don't you love it when family can write you off just like that    so sad   
yay!!! my niece is coming today!!! can't wait!!!  chels come see me too!!!  be like old times    except for the person growling at <propfirst> on the train  
aughhh    my little tornado struck again    kitchen was spotless   was like <propfemale> yesterday on my hands and knees scrubbing the floor and now you can not even tell     sad 
my cousin's are the best!11
"i wish my puppy would stop moving the furniture     she is a beast!!  i have a hard time moving the furniture, and she moves it like it is nothing  "
i am so hating this freaking netbook!!!  keeps dropping connection   
"omg    i wish the little tornado would stop    tired of cleaning   if anyone know's my father, you could def  feel for me   sigh   "
making hot sausage for lunch    can we say yummy!!!
"little tornado stop please!!!!  dear lord, just have to love it!!!!"
"my poor father kept saying \what the date was??\""  i kept telling him and he forgot     """
i love my nieces      just like old times with aunt <propfemale>!!!!   going tanning!!!
spending the night with my niece       smile   love it       
loving my niece big time being here!!!!   catching up on old times!!!  miss them big time    
my niece is eating cheese cake right now!!!
omg    listening <propfemale> snoring and <propfirst> sleeping     whish i could sleep!!!!
freaking stilll uppp!!!!!   omb dear lord help me sleep!!!!
yep    moving out again!!!  go figure    it is once a week now   
ohhh boy what is today going to bring    you know what i mean!!!
when are you commig to the mountain????? good old times
i made pop a fb acount     family friend him and i will teach him to do   
looks like we are going to ac on 4 17      free room
finally have interent access!! i'm a geek but fix the computer      go figure   lol
wow the wind is howling up on the mountian      
ok      i cleared out my voice mail        i am so bad with that    
i love my cousin's
man it so cold up here on the moutain     
dear lord help me!!!
don't look like i am going to <propfemale> today  sad 
boy i wish my mother was here!  could definately need her advice 
and how old am i??
oh    great my netbook is smoking out of the keyboard    looks like i am going to be tearing this thing apart today!!  it is only 1 1 2 months old 
"this is a message from <propfemale>'s family:  \\we are sad to inform you that <propfemale> passed away yesterday, march 8   \\the services for <propfemale> will be held at cochran funeral home in hackettstown, nj   the viewing will be friday, march 11 from 4 - 8 pm   for any other information please refer to the cochran funeral home's website "
"this is a message from <propfemale>'s family:  \\we are sad to inform you that <propfemale> passed away yesterday, march 8   \\the services for <propfemale> will be held at cochran funeral home in hackettstown, nj   the viewing will be friday, march 11 from 4 - 8 pm   for any other information please refer to the cochran funeral home's website "
