654cbc6653475f7104b23531d36d63e8
"it still hurts, but not as much as it did yesterday "
drank far more last night than he should have 
cleaning and getting ready to go into work later 
"headed to work, text me if you wanna chat "
about to finish cleaning at home and then run to targer  woo   
"sleepy, ugh   no work tomorrow please "
"gave syd her 2nd bath, she only freaked out a couple times  lol"
g'night all
"tired, i need to get motiated and do stuff though "
is about to make dinner  = )
"i'm off for pride this weekend, anyone wanna do something?"
thinks it's time for a movie and some triple brownie chocolate ice cream  = d
really finds i-trains to be a disgustingly repetitive waste of time 
"g'night all, time for bed "
is over it 
g'night all 
isn't sure what to do with the rest of his day 
wants to hit something and really needs a hug
"chilling with a friend and headed out for a bit, text me "
had a good day and is glad he ended up in the pride parade 
awake and debating what to do with the day 
managed to procrastinate all day and accomplish almost nothing   yay for single days off 
"is headed to bed, g'night all "
stress level: orange has now been reduced to stress level green = )  (new tattoos coming soon)
g'night all 
is debating what to do with the rest of his day 
up from a nap   i think it was definitely long overdue  lol
"home from shopping, time to tidy  = )"
"is sleepy, gonna rinse the sweat off again and head to bed  = )"
home from work 
"tattoos designed, scheduled and simply awaiting the inking in a couple weeks  = d"
yay for thunderstorms
"debating what to do first on my weekend, eat or sleep!"
ugh humidity is killing me
up and trying to get at 'em  lol
latidatilatida!
awake and trying to be focused and motivated today 
"home from lunch and a walk with friends, relaxing for a bit now "
a couple drinks with friends and i'm giggly and cuddly  lol
is ready for a nap 
is done with online mod's    kinda  *rolls eyes*
just booked a flight for his vacation next month!  woot = d
"home and cleaning, family will be here tomorrow   i hope everyone has a good holiday i'll talk with ya'll next week "
"'s family is almost here, and actually has the apartment up to a minimum par for them too  = p"
going to the zoo later  = d
"is home from the zoo with his family   i had a blast, pictures will be coming soon "
"headed to bed, g'night all!"
making dinner with the family   quesadillas  yum!
"pictures of my family's visit so far posted   dinner was nummy and getting ready for bed, we're headed out for cedar point early tomorrow  = d"
off to cedar point  = d
"had a blast at cedar point, my favorite ride hands down is the raptor, the one where your feet dangle  = )"
"'s family just left   love 'em, but happy to have my space back "
"headed to bed after a 4 day weekend, g'night all "
home from work and basically done with my online training   yay
is excited to get inked in an hour and a half  = d
"is mad cause he didn't get inked today, had to reschedule cause the artist cancelled "
chilling at home
about to run errands
"home from errands, time to do a few things and veg before bed "
"new printer installed and ready to go, it even printed a picture of my mom  = d"
riding your bike home in a cats and dogs rain storm is not necessarily an enjoyable thing to do 
"is figuring his plans out for the day, laundry looms rather large right now "
vegging out at home
"alorns can get into more trouble by accident than other people can on purpose -- always excepting the arends, of course "
chilling after work
home from work and overjoyed that he doesn't work tomorrow 
chilling on his day off and excited for ink later today  = )
new ink!!!!!!!  pictures will be up as soon it dries and heals just a <propmale>   best day i've had in a long time 
"pictures of my tattos posted, including my newest two from yesterday"
just finished applying for federal aid and to cscc   let's see if i can manage to handle classes and my job! = p
headed out to dinner and drinks
"home from a pleasant bike ride; stopped in to harass my boss, got coffee, meandered and then relaxed with some green tea  = )"
home from a two and a half hour bike ride  = )
is gonna be a <propfemale> today    ugh 
"is slightly baffled, but feels he has nothing to lose "
"headed to bed, night all "
rode home in the rain and only ended up moderatly wet 
"had been accepted to cscc, now time to do a crunch on stuff and get registered   woot"
face book games are addicting    stay away      staaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay awaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!  lol
home from work and relaxing
getting ready for work   ugh  i can't wait for my vacation  lol
returned to his place of residence and pondering what to consume for sustenance and how to entertain himself for the evening while pontificating on this wonderful online community 
"glad he is off tomorrow, though it's chock full of appointments and errands so might as well not be  lol"
"actually feels somewhat awake, but can't wait to get his coffee in a bit  lol"
over the day \\
g'night all
"unexcited about the prospect of work for today and tomorrow, though the bit of sunshine for the ride to work is a blessing "
would anyone like duck for dinner?  i currently have one living beneath my windows and would love to have it disappear! lol
"hectic day at work, glad to be home and off for at least one "
feels better after a bath and a cup of tea 
waking up and debating on what to do with my day off 
awake from an unintended nap 
"going for a bike ride, text me if you need something "
home from his ride and feeling good 
found a note from band camp years ago with a girl's number  lol
unexcited by the prospects of the daily grind soon to come 
"loathes being sick    time for a bath, green tea and a bowl of chicken noodle soup  = )"
had a good shower and is therefore skipping the bath in favor of some simpson's epidsodes 
"feels better, though it still feels like someone has implanted a kiwi in one side of my neck "
made chili and is has fire from his mouth to his stomach now  lol
is headed out for a bike ride after his wonderful e playful erience with trying to swallow spice chili and coughing at the same time   beans in the sinuses is not a fun thing!
night all = )
home from work early and headed for a nap 
who wants to see my pictures from australia?  my mom had the cd of them that i'd made and since i now have that cd i once again have my pictures! yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
home from work and not sure what to do
mostly awake now
pictures from australia are up now for those of you who actually wanted to see    aka <propmale>  lol
has been mostly awake since 4am and closes tonight  ugh
apathetic after being to work early on short sleep 
relaxing and debating whether to sleep or not at the moment 
awake and starting to bust out some cleaning 
"is cancelling his internet, if you don't see me online as much you can always text or call   hugs"
"yay for being online, was having some withdrawls "
at the airport waiting to fly to atl and then on to san   woot!!!! for anyone that doesn't know airline codes that's atlanta and san <propmale>  = p
now enroute to san <propmale> on flight 611 and tickled pink with the ability to be online 
is happily ensconced in <propmale>'s apartment 
"sore from starting his workout regimen, but content with how things are progressing "
wishes that the rain would go away and play another day 
is overjoyed at the decison he arrived at  = )
working on his resume   woot
getting ready to do some job searching    ugh
bingeing on facebook and the internet
trying to catch up on 2 weeks of his paperwork that he's ignored since his bike was stolen and he decided to move 
is actually caught up on paperwork! woot
is on his 2nd cup of coffee and almost feels awake after catching up on sleep last night  = )
intensely dislikes who waste my time and effort with useless scams that i'm not stupid enough to fall for   ugh!
"almost over being sick, ugh"
"ready for a nap    kinda pretending the move isn't a week away right now, still seems like there's so much to do and i've been at it for 3 weeks now "
yay! <propfemale> sours   finally   anyone wanna come help me return my apartment to it's original boring state?
"4 days til the big move and still feel like there is so much to do    ugh please shoot me now    wait still have <propfemale> sours, let me finish those then put me outta my misery  lol  = )"
2nd to last shift at dd    wow!
ugh! sick and tired of inquiries about furniture that end up being cancelled last minute or lead nowhere   yay for only one more shift at dd to go!
"yay sold all 4 bookshelves, finally a serious person, inquired this morning and picked up this afternoon   giving boss my desk and that is the end of furniture, just need to do some power painting tonight and then free to sleep  lol"
"is finally to his mom's in colorado, talk about a long trip and a sore butt!  now i get a few days to relax and catch up  = )"
"i'm always giver, for once i wanna be the receiver   lmao the things that come outta my sister's mouth    that was dirty too rofl"
bored and in the mood to procrastinate 
feels it may be time for a nap 
"really wishes he could get a good cup of coffee right now, but is settling for a variety of tea instead "
"has the car all loaded up and ready to go to san <propmale>, someone make the snow go away now "
hopes to maybe get on the road tonight  *fingers crossed*
debating on whether i should just wait the extra day or try and get outta here while the snow is kinda light   input?
is waiting for the sun to come up so that he can hit the road 
happy to be in san <propmale>!
debating on what all he needs to accomplish today 
is sleepy and cuddly today  volunteers?
"is in love with the climate here, 70's and <propfemale> all last week and for the upcoming week too "
saturday night and not sure what to do   *<propfemale> sigh*  *runs down the al<propfemale>y screaming with underwear on head*
interview tomorrow! woot woot
got the job at old navy!  starts at 9 hr with orientation 9am to 1pm tomorrow   then it'll be time to get wild and loose at the housewarming party when i get home  = )
home from orientation and ready for the party!  woot woot jello shots = d
"headed to work, have a great day all!"
works the early shift on black friday    thank goodness!
about to get down to some cleaning and baking  = )
happy thanksgiving all!
long day at work!!! hope everyone had a great holiday 
had finally found the f'ing dvr remote after searching for it for three weeks!!! agggghhhhh
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
yay! finally got to baste something  roflmfao
is going to shamelessly promote the fact that it's his birthday today! woot
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically index all your info on google, which allows everyone to view it  to change this option, go to settings --> privacy settings --> search --> then un-click the box that says 'allow indexing'  facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all your friends"
has started back up on his huge puzzle  = )
lots done on the puzzle and now time for bed    for those of you already getting up = p i win!
<propfemale> brought a wii for christmas and it came a few days early  = )
"relaxing at home, gifts are wrapped and wii is almost functional  = d"
"yay for the puzzle, almost at 100% recovery then on to the truly fun part, pure black pieces  lol"
"puzzle is fully recovered from it's pre-sydney move to cali state, only about 500-600 pieces left in the first half, pictures likely to come soon  = d"
<propmale> is making pancakes  yum
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you for just one hour?"
so who likes to run 5 <propmale> and sprint the last bit? me!  who's quad's and calves hate him right now? me!!!!! lol
"can't wait for yoga tonight, hopefully my kness will be better after a good session"
"yoga was great, the rest of my body hated me last night, now it's just my legs "
"floating adrift without moving, is this the twilight before the dark of night or the fresh start of <propfemale> "
relaxing at home and doing nothing truly important   it's nice to be a housewife most the time 
hates paperwork! ugh
"yay for the first real sunshine in over a week, going for a walk  = )"
is up and watching fantastic 4  = )
just woke up from a nap  lol
"is almost done with chores, simply need to put away the rest of the laundry and make dinner  = )"
finally used his gift card from christmas to buy $100 worth of books   giddy and can't wait for them to get here now 
a cup of tea and a hot shower later and i feel great   = )
"coffee is brewing and the sun's shining, it's a great day!"
apathetic and uninteresting today 
"has an interview tomorrow!  so much for being apathetic and uninteresting, also got most errands done and had a nice walk in the sunshine today "
got the job he interviewed for!
"annoyed with the new facebook, finally had it the way i wanted it and now    *poof* they changed it again  agh"
happily embracing the day the with a cup of coffee!  it's gonna be a great day 
managed to accomplish everything he set out to do for the day and feels like he has earned his dinner and relaxation for the evening 
"halfway done for the day, as soon as i finish it's smooth sailing for the rest of the week  = d"
loves csa!
"just purged his facebook, who knew so many connections and things to do could be so tiresome   if you can see this you made the cut  = )"
finished his application and just needs to get it in the mail now  = )
"off to the post office to drop his application in the mail, keep your fingers crossed for me  = )"
smoothie for breakfast yum!
ready to face the biggest challenge yet    laundry! lol
"is gonna be in colorado end of may, let me know if you wanna plan on doing something  = )"
"getting ready for an interview, wish me luck "
"ugh, forgot to move my car for street sweep yesterday and got a ticket   blah"
"it's all cloudy, but supposed to be really warm tomorrow   *fingers crossed*  i wanna go to the beach  lol"
working on the puzzle! woot!!!
yay! <propmale>'s home from his surgery and all is well   just woke up from a bit of a nap and groggy  blah 
starting the fixings for the chili   yay for a bigger crockpot  = d
loved black's beach yesterday and can't wait to go back again soon!
really hates when you have to get a new credit card to get your car fixed  blah
"feeling a lot better, can't wait for this weekend  woot!"
puzzle addiction    must have puzzle   
going to the beach  woot!
home from his aptitude test for the dispatcher position   blah what a pain 
is going crazy without his laptop  ugh!
"laptop is already back, can't wait to pick it up  yay"
has his laptop back! yay!!!!!!!  all they had to do was replace the screen and it's all better now   best day ever!
loves locking himself outta the house! blah
first time in my life i've ever been called a nazi  lol
got his first paycheck in ages and loves it!  colorado here i come  = )
"smoothie and a cupcake for lunch, talk about a dichotomy  = )"
"people need to understand that children with\ special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not\ contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  most of \you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on \your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and \     this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help \& understanding  go <propfirst>!"
not ready to go back to work for the rest of the week 
"woot! new binder, time to go knock on some doors and pester people to answer me  <eg>"
is in a funk and didn't get the job he's been hoping for for the last 2 months 
feels better after going out last night 
t minus 3 hours til venture colorado takes off   woot!
"about ready to head out, see you all soon "
in colorado! yay!
home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"r i p  my geo, babe "
"yay for updating my resume and work history, now for the really fun part, using those to actually get a job  = p"
"my new favorite motto:  \something great is going to happen today\"""""
"there\ comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama\ and the people who create it, and surround yourself with people who \make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the \good  after all, life is too short to be anything but happy  repost \this      if you agree "
yay for getting the house cleaned up a bit  = )
"had a great 4th, ended up at the padres game and scored some sweet seats behind home plate on the field level  = )"
"spicy chicken, brown rice and black beans for dinner  yum!  (yes i know it's late, but i'm a night owl  = p)"
"<propfirst> lohan, 24, gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail  <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett,27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst>    goeke,23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are all marines that gave their lives for you this week!! please honor them by reposting"
anyone wanna do laundry for me? = p
"a great deal of my stress has gone poof! today   i sold my car, no longer shall it drain my very being  yay!"
has an interview for the job he'd given up on 3 months ago  = )
is making a last minute trip home to colorado tomorrow  = )
is in phoenix waiting for his flight to <propmale>   sad and elated at the same time 
is at his mom's in the mountains  woot!
is happy to be at his aunt <propfemale>'s and is about to go hop in the pool  = )
is happy to be home finally  = )
"i had my interview today, feel really good about it, just wish they'd stop dragging their feet and hire me already  lol"
i just found a song that fits me almost perfectly 
just found out he has to hunt down another set of transcripts for school  blah!
"had two interviews today, both of which went fairly well   hoping to have a job next week  *fingers crossed*"
got the job as the vet assistant   woot! trial run on tuesday and pretty sure they'll keep me after i've been able to prove myself  = )
"i love my new job, though i'm sure <propmale> will be sick of me asking for this kind of pet or that kind in less than a week "
i just found out my cat likes caramels   i guess that's two of us with a sweet tooth 
making peanut butter cookies for the iron chef competition at work tomorrow   = )
"special needs kids are not sick, gross or stupid  they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way"
who knew that one could enjoy a trip to the dentist so much!
had a fairly productive day today and feels ready to meet tomorrow with a grin  = )
felt adventurous today!
"my head hurts, and i haven't even started doing coursework yet   trying to navigate online classes is like trying to swim up three different streams at once   it wouldn't be so bad if two of my teachers were a lil' clearer on what they wanted done by when   i hate not knowing what i should be doing  blah"
4 hours spent on psych homework pays off with me aceing my quiz  woot!
"i now remember why i like science and math better, it's because there are less papers to write and agonize over!"
"<propmale> has a new nickname for me   i'm no longer just danimal, but now i'm also little wmd!  rofl"
homework overload    blah! anyone wanna volunteer to do some for me? = p
"nap's are good, not being able to go back to sleep is not!  i guess that means it's time to clean and do more homework    sigh   "
is actually caught up on homework for the first time since school started! woot!!!
i have the two cutest fuzzbutts ever in my life!
"is sad that the border's downtown is closing, but is happy to have 25 new books for less than 170 dollars  = )"
"work, work go away, leave me be so i can play!"
