f6277422a81c83f8bc714aafaa57484e
enough to let you go so i'm already gone     
it doesnt matter where we take this road someones gotta go!
"\closer\"" nine inch nails  now  you know!"""
35 going on 17
hope my canadian girl gets better soon!
"i can tell by the look in your eyes! \504 boys & mercedes\"""""
gotta luv tuesday morning snow runs!
blah!
"thinking \closer\"" right about now!"""
last night uh huh!
"be mindful of what you say and do, you may hurt your loved ones and not even know it, leaving scares that cannot be healed, spending the rest of your life with an emptiness, that you can never fix  only over time, do you realize what has happened, and you know saying your sorry, will never heal the wounds you have inflicked "
"sometimes you live your life thinking, things happen for a reason and they are better the way they have come to pass, untill someone points out something you never thought of, and it makes you wonder all over again  never give up on your dreams, you never know when the stars wont be out tonight "
"live each day the best you can  be happy with what you have, and if you are so moved to cry for whar you are missing or wanting, but most of all do what you want to do, have regrets, because you never know what tomorrow will bring   smile "
"they say that history repeats its self, so cant that be a good thing as well?"
"i need one of those \easy\"" buttons from staples!"""
looks like nap time to me 
"if tomorrow never comes, how many regrets will you have?"
"my mind is on vacation, away from all the friggen snow!"
wondering if we will ever see the sun again?
"the things that you want arent always yours to be had, it matters not if it makes you sad  it can be such a waste of time so why bother to <propmale>, when you know in the end all you'll have left is a tear sliding down your face  but that's the way life goes its part of the game, but yet we still try knowing it will end the same  just wanting to stop the voices and screams, and hoping to god not to wake from my dreams "
"can a leopard change its spots, or is it doomed by fate?"
having goldfish syndrome today 
"there may not be stars in te sky tonight, but even with all the clouds i can still see the moonlight "
"oh joy, i just love all this friggen snow!"
"\closer\"" you know!"""
how long can you live a dream?
wtf?
"thank you, words cant do justice for today, you saved me and you know it smile "
"jump, then fall,,,"
its hard to know where you are going unless you can remember where you've been 
"ahhhhhh, what a wonderful day, over and over, and over, now time for some rest!  smile "
sadness then what?
"standing on the tracks, waiting on the train "
i like that boom boom boom!
"great mood all day,,,, go figgure!"
it's clomplicated is just a nice way of saying it's fuckered up!
"retro \mass murder makes me happy\""  have a good day ninjas"""
click click bang!
"i'm not crazy, its the rest of the world that's fuckered up!"
"\wicked games\"""""
"off to another sleepless night, fun"
"spring cleaning, cleaning out my head this week, finding all sorts of junk i dont need, some stuff i want to hold on to, and makeing room things yet to come "
yup everythings friggen wonderful!
why can't we all goto wonderland?
score!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
ugh!
hmmmmmmm thinking          
"how many of us really know all of the people on our friends list? i mean personally know? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how you met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be!!!! i am very honored to have met you and became your friend "
lithium suckzes!
"nice day, need more like this one!"
"puts both middle fingers up, and all i can say right now is, \i just dont give a fuck \"""""
"go ahead pull that trigger, but you best not miss"
"hey there killer how ya been, your anger is showing as you start to grin!"
"hmmmmmm, thinking again! ouch it hurts!"
"sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you are!"
"life is too short to wake up with regrets  so love the people who treat you right  pray for the one's who don't  believe everything happens for a reason  if you get a second <propmale>, grab it with both hands  if it changes your life, let it  nobody said life would be easy, but god promised it would be worth it    post on your wall if you agree!"
is haveing a very fucking bad day! nuff said
"don't, i need help"
\i believe that everything happens for a reason, people change so that\f6277422a81c83f8bc714aafaa57484e,hmmmmm interesting    
"been an interesting last month, met the most amazing woman in <propfemale>  she's been really great to me, and for me  we've had alot of fun, and excited to see what the future will bring for us  yep life is good!"
"it's been a long ass monday, blah!"
"woke this morning thinking today is gonna be a better day, then the world slapped me in the face letting me know that , no it isn't  sad "
"waiting for the day to get better, but its not  went from sad, to sad and crying  but i think the crying is more due to the fact that i just sat on my left nut when sitting back down at my workbench, ah what a great day, so glad its friday "
"why is it when people say they are in rare form, they are talking about how they are are acting? i think that if you were hit by a bus, and your spine was twisted around backwards and one of your arms was sticking threw your head then you infact would be in rare form!"
"laugh now, cry later, fuck the world, whew  glad i got that out! hate me now! haha!"
blah  sad 
do you really know me ???? what's my full name? age? birthday? nickname? favourite colour?bestfriend? and eye colour? when you've answered me put this as your status and see who reallyknows you   
"what a wonderful monday morning, the flowers are chirping, and the birds are blooming, what more do you need  ahhh life is good!"
vodka + orange juice = the walls are closer then they appear!
happy happy happy! lol
"t's\ hard to believe <propfemale> and i have only been together for 4 months now \ it feels like much longer in a great way! sharing a lifetime of love, \finally  finding happiness!"
"another great wtf?  day! and the beat goes on,,,,"
lets go browns! hello 2010 season!!!!!!
"what a wonderful morning , got my tooth paste and preparation h mixed up, so now my lips are all puckered up, and my butt crack is minty fresh!"
"ahhh, what a wonderful monday morning, the shy is chirping, and the birds are all blue, so good to be back at work!"
4
who has a  bucket list? and what do you have left on it?
"3-2-1, yeah"
"sad day, poor little hercules lost his battle (and i do mean battle) for life last night at 10:10, he will be sadly missed, but i think he's in little dogie heaven now and his suffering has at least ended,,,rip little <propmale>"
<propfemale> wanna say what? why didnt you just tell me?
"so, if its all my fault, what are you talking about? cause i have o idea    "
