084ce1dd8157602d8fc087b303283578
had really good holidays 
the visitor would have made a good pgsis movie 
so can we decide to try a little joy tomorrow
happy father's day from the girl you will never know thinks of you as a father 
off to creation for (mis)adventures   see you saturdayish 
"shot a man in reno, just to watch him die =p"
"is a wizard, not a baboon brandishing a stick "
can't win   ever 
"bones, bubbles, and bcp   what more could you ask for? =p"
"bcp sounds like a controlled substance, actually "
bought a djembe!  is excited 
finally saw fight club beginning to end 
is probably going to see <propfirst> mraz tomorrow?
is going to see <propfirst> mraz tomorrow 
needs to go to sleep so she can get up early and have the car for the day 
"won't hesitate no more, no more   jason mraz tonight in pittsburgh!"
thinks liann sun is absolutely amazing and would die without her phenomenal facebook skillz 
is playing nethack 
needs to pack her bags and get a haircut 
is never going to get back on a normal sleep schedule if she keeps coming home after midnight 
has a ton to do and not much time to do it in   but that's how she likes it 
moves in the morning   talk to you tomorrow night 
is a little ice breaker-ed out   bed 
's dorm showers are better than yours 
did not need to be up this early 
is done for the day   her schedule rocks 
college means naps whenever i want 
is quite proud of herself for writing her whole paper without getting distracted and checking facebook   and it's not even 2 surprise 0!
doesn't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka 
is ushering the <propfirst> mcdonald (former doobie brother) show 
is trading in her chevy for a cadillac ack ack ack ack ack
"\josh groban is an angel sent from heaven to deliver platinum records unto us \"""""
has had a thoroughly craptacular day 
's faith in humanity has been restored 
going to dinner and a play 
saving <propfemale> - where is the wtf button when you need one?
is hot blooded (check it and see) 
 smile 
"is abstaining from facebook until further notice   well, until tomorrow, at the very latest, because that is when her paper is due "
will return to regularly scheduled facebook programming 
is pleased 
red tape red tape red tape
got out of her afternoon class a half-hour early   life is good 
lacks focus 
is home again   she's missed her crappy dorm room 
applauds her immune system's work ethic   really 
has never been so glad to see a friday 
kimi: do we need cat food? me: do we have cats?
wants to know if zamzar is legal   anybody?
"am i allowed a casual tone in marsden's reading responses, or does he e playful ect everything to be very formal?  he seems pretty lax but he's still a lit professor   "
is probably too tired to go out tonight 
"is hungry, and wants to go to dinner, but can't because she doesn't have a place to live "
"would rather sleep than go to <propmale> woodward about now   then again, she'd rather sleep than do a lot of things "
's laptop is fried   eff 
is contemplating the ethics of breakfast cereal 
"might hear laughing, spinning, swinging madly across the sun; it's not aimed at anyone, it's just escaping on the run, and but for the sky there are no fences facing "
loves 24 7 computer access 
"is thankful for friends, family, her dog, facebook, her piano, fuzzy socks, electric blankets, popsicles, djembes, naps, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propmale> potter, scholarships, her favorite pair of jeans, and you "
has a computer   with internet   and it is in her room!
just wrote a paper about what hell would be like if she were in charge 
tost - the illusion @ 8 surprise 0 in pratt auditorium!
tost presents the illusion today in pratt auditorium @ 2 surprise 0 and 8 surprise 0!  come see it!
never fights with her love face on 
"can buy five things of oatmeal with one meal swipe!  also, is easily excited "
"wonders why everyone is hating their colleges   she is, for the most part, having a blast "
"is apparently leaving tonight, instead of tomorrow morning as planned   how irritating "
is not a pocket monster 
tried alligator gumbo tonight!  also had some pretty great apple pie and walked along the promenade under the brooklyn bridge - it was a pretty cool restaurant crawl!
"has tickets to american idiot on broadway, during the run in which <propfirst> <propfirst> armstrong will be playing st  <propfirst>!"
"listen, obama   i appreciate that you're trying to assure the country that there will be no further underwear-bombing attempts   but you can't just override the oprah show like that!  don't you remember all she did for you?"
's deep and consequential thought of the evening:  what is the purpose of teaching learning permitting existence of the schwa sound?
is spending the weekend in pittsburgh  smile 
"get out of core 15 <propfemale> early?  yes, thank you!"
thinks maybe the ipad is to soak up the wii 
can't sleep   sad 
loves ushering   that is all 
loves wednesdays 
"is trying the urbandictionary com name thing   katie:  there's this girl that you know who, takes you for who you are even with all your faults and insecurities, who understands you even when your silent, makes you laugh uncontrollably, pulls your heartstrings and makes the most beautiful music ever everytime she speaks "
"has too much work to do to watch the superbowl, but hopes the saints win   just 'cause she likes new orleans "
now wants to go to mardi gras   it's gonna be insane 
finally found her doppelganger   turns out she was looking in the wrong <propfemale> 
loves extended deadlines 
+ caffeine = unstoppable 
": well played, insomnia, well played "
should not be awake at this hour   fml
thinks this weekend's snow is like the really crap surprise party that nobody wanted 
"'s day has reached unprecedented pointlessness, but what she resents the most is the fact that it's made her post this, because she feels it's somehow beneath her "
just saw a clip of <propfirst> white dancing   as if being a <propfemale> weren't contraceptive enough 
rodents of unusual size?  i don't think they exist 
"finds that the problem with using frozen okra as an ice pack is that she's a little leery of letting it thaw too much   she's heard of refried refried beans, but she's not sure the same principle will apply here "
"has never gotten into the whole pandora, last fm, etc, she just listens to the records what she's bought   old school, you see "
has surprise daffodils!
felt like <propfemale> <propmale> today 
wonders when they're going to get around to working out the bugs with tuesdays 
's gradual accumulation of personal cookware is directly proportional to the gradual theft of community supplies   correlation and causality 
needs a wardrobe opinion   present thyself 
is a pretty good cook 
is cheered up like nothing else by summery rainstorms  smile 
"always wants, whenever people rave about 3d movies, to point out that real life is also in 3d "
thinks every woman in mists of avalon needs a sassy gay friend 
doesn't ask permission so she can't be told no    laugh 
"tie-dyed her hands today   oh, and a shirt, too "
is cranking out papers like nobody's business 
's creative visions are foiled by inferior <propmale> supplies   sad 
won't be sleeping this week 
saw yesterday turn into today 
"needs summer to be over quickly, please "
#$%#$^@#$%$#@!
is taking scissors to her botched bangs   wish her luck 
has the best boyfriend ever  smile 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
needs escapism 
's stomach is awfully vengeful today 
has a request of anyone who's been a ca at iup:  how strict are they on your comings and goings on the weekend after cas move in?
"can't sleep, on the one night she really needed it "
--  there is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face 
got a surprise call off of work!  this is like a snow day in july!
's phone is mia   don't call text 
needs more cowbell   sad 
is going for ice cream  smile 
is so sick of dealing with an 8-year-old desktop computer that doesn't even turn on reliably   she just  needs  to  print  something 
doesn't name inanimate objects 
put her new (to her) bed together by herself!  she feels all accomplished 
has a surprise night off   she'll take that 
thinks daybeds are a stupid idea 
"is reclaiming old haunts and favorite places   movies   tv shows   genres   salad bars and chinese food   the clothes she bought with someone else in mind   her blankets, pillows, and stuff from ikea; her future plans and fond memories   it's all going to be just fine "
needs some personal space   oy 
"feels as if last week were a year ago   she's not sure how she feels about that, besides different "
keeps losing her eyeliner   what a retard 
's apple intake has increased dramatically since returning to iup 
is gettin' her church on 
"'s refrigerator is overzealous, so she's having cereal and milkshake for breakfast "
is wired for no apparent reason 
had a fantastic weekend  smile 
"'s class schedule sucks, but she can't complain about her weekends!  t minus 5 days to further adventures "
"is thankful for all of the new friends i have made this year   this year has been much different than she thought it would be, but sometimes the une playful ected is good "
"had a great weekend full of sushi, wow, and good company  smile "
can't get over the absurdity of this night   i love wallwork 
||  is anyone taking botany next semester?  i'll sell you my plant collection   
"passed everything, even micro!  it's a festivus miracle!"
is taking off for nyc with august sommerfeld for new year's!
||  thanks all for comments and whatnot during my break   hope you all had good holidays as well!
"does not have a phone charger, and therefore, does not have a phone   get me on here "
"phone charger found, phone functional again "
is going to turkey!
||  iup fail #27:  it's cheaper to buy a new rug than to wash the one you already own 
"is so over this job, this school, this place "
iup fail #31:  getting a ticket in your own parking space
"wants to know if graphs, pictures, etc  are ok to include in the anthro paper?"
"is questioning the wisdom in choosing a topic for her paper that encompasses the dissertations of, idk, 50 million people   it's fascinating, but so freaking much"
i'm going back to the start 
