39b7e77f2c7d2f937dfda2da9e146526
"as this year closes, i finally realized why pandora radio is named such: it opens a pandora's box situation in which you end up making a list of all of the songs you might like    it never ends for me "
"hmm  the electric man theme from mega man i and journey's \faithfully\"" have a ton in common   """
"is redistricting texas    i think creating 36 seats is very difficult for texas, one new seat for <propfirst>, one new seat for san <propfirst>, one new seat for <propmale>, and one new seat in <propfirst>  that's about the only real way to balance it out "
has been named into who's who among students in american universities and colleges!
"wow, the <propmale> texans might actually make the playoffs    oakland is down by just 4 to baltimore, and kansas city is tied with <propmale>    and the jets don't play until later tonight    we only need two of baltimore, <propmale>, and nyj to lose to get in "
"has returned    now using a more permanent monitor, the last one was more or less borrowed "
is going to bed 
has some things to accomplish outside  may visit utsa this week 
got to get cleaned up for tomorrow   
taking a nap
getting cleaned up and then bedtime   
"going to bed, busy day tomorrow "
"i lost one of my three outdoor kittens (that we helped teach how to hunt) today   sad  rip <propfirst>, you were a good cat and wonderful mouser "
is going to try and get some rest tonight 
"well, time to go to bed "
time to go to bed again   
is awake 
must sleep tonight   
"yay for us soccer, texas needs a win tonight to take the cws, and sc gov  <propmale> just joined the ensign brigade  what a week it's been!"
"has gotten a haircut, and is getting ready to meet with congressman rodriguez's assistants to (hopefully) fast forward the advancement of utsa  we have long been in a position to begin our rise to tier one status  time to stop complaining about how things"
"sadly, a family emergency has prevented me from attending a meeting with aides from congressman rodriguez "
is going to bed 
to be frank: either dejuan <propfirst> or <propfirst> pendergraph will be the best second round pick in this years draft  i'm beginning to see that this years draft might be deeper than people e playful ected 
is going to bed    very busy day tomorrow 
omg! it's over  the minnesota senate fracas is over  <propmale> franken won!
"to the departing governor of alaska: you're not a lame duck  according to the alaska constitution, your term is renewable once more before lame duck and respite status  the only state that forces governors out after a single term (albeit not permanently) "
governor <propfirst> <propmale>? thought he retired?
an intriguing historical matchup: republican <propfemale> <propfemale> hutchison and democrat <propfirst> <propmale>    that'll be a battle for the ages 
kidd thunder!    does anyone get this reference?
"in other news today, the incumbent governor of texas has raised $4 2 million dollars in 9 days to prove his worthiness for renomination  sadly, like his predecessor, he's about to prove himself an idiot yet again  go <propfemale> <propfemale> hutchison!"
"may not be from oklahoma, but likes the song \oklahoma rising \"""""
i am now going to say one of the worst profanities of all time                                              beans!
"no offense, but if i wasn't texan, i'd be oklahoman  slightly cooler and good colleges "
will be heading to utsa shortly 
"is afk    leave wall posts or messages, be back in 25 <propfemale> "
going to bed early 
these thunderstorms are and this rain is a breath of fresh air 
"afk, brb in 30 <propfemale>"
"????? ??? ?? ???? ????????, ??????? ?? ??????, ?? ????? ?? ?'????????????, ???????? ??? ????!"
"????? ??? ?? ???? ????????, ??????? ?? ??????, ?? ????? ?? ?'????????????, ???????? ??? ????! [you are and you'll be greek, the very <propfemale> of greeks, and we will be looking (upon) y"
agamemnon is walking achilles right now  translation: i'm using log me in on my laptop to control my desktop at home  would be slightly more useful if both computers weren't in the same room!
congratulations <propmale> and <propfirst> escalante! have a wonderful and fantastic marriage!
"i am frightened and excited at the next set of stops  between now and august 15, i plan to move closer to my goals "
"getting ready to go to the utsa main campus, again  not that there is any problem with that   laugh "
people! you can't fight here! this is the war room! (quote adapted)
"has finally come to the conclusion that the use of the thx soundmark of \deep note\"" will not cause any sort of destructive force """
is attempting to play around with a schedule  needs to provide 2 more 30 minute blocks   
"is an e playful ert schedule planner    next, planning a schedule for tomorrow "
"people, do not be fooled  <propmale> <propfirst> is still a wolf, a wolf that has long ago lost his last teeth, and needs to be sent off to his final pastures away from texas government  go kbh!  (be that as it may, he still is my governor )"
"is wondering how marketable a \tour of utsa\"" cycling race would be   """
behold  the long first name everyone proclaimed i had but never really did have 
has a meeting at utsa-downtown at 0900 hours  signing out of facebook for now 
"is about to become sir snooze a lot    already three hours of sleep (6-9 pm, hopefully many more to come)"
"is awake, and debating what to do    perhaps go to the campus again?"
will be napping briefly 
is contemplating writing a collection of random 
"so <propfemale> <propfemale> hutchison's website has the secret phrase \rick <propfirst> gay\"" in it? lol """
is debating on perhaps going to campus    but what to achieve there?
will be going to the campus to work on some sga projects 
wow  i caught a snippet of x games and saw a schoolmate from elementary school competing  how small is this world really?
"sometime in the near future, i'll upload the rest of the 2008 sga retreat photos  i suck at uploading pix "
"rip <propfemale> c  aquino, 11th president of the phillipines "
twenty-four days 'til showtime!
"23 days until the start of term  things to do: check book prices, acquire a solid black blazer, and a few other things  oh yeah, also going to use a planner this year   laugh "
will be napping for a while 
"will be at utsa, but probably not until 2 pm "
"bed time, good night!"
afk for 20 mins 
all your base 
"it's 12:52 am on 8 10 09, and i'm thankful for what i do have "
"is the 500th person to sign up on <propmale> coburn's website supporting his re-election bid  i don't always agree with him, but his willingness to work across the aisle for campaign finance reform (with obama, nonetheless) and resistance to pork barreling earns him my support "
"it's a precipitation chorus line! - in response to the rain, wind, thunder and lightning "
less than 11 days to the start of fall term 
"let's face it, people were a bit weirded out by that first name "
is on a mission to help end ie's hegemony over the internet browser wars 
"note to <propfirst> beck: if obama hates white people, why did he get crowley and biden a beer? this is why i don't watch or listen to you "
lol  <propfirst> carr got sacked again! i'm so glad the texans have a better qb 
"time left to start of fall 2009 semester: 8 days, 12 hours     in panic mode? nah  the kitties are though   annoyed "
"is my glasses dirty again, or did <propfirst> farve really just became a viking?"
may be away from a computer for quite some time 
"when it comes to helping the students of utsa, i'm neither a republican, democrat, green, independent, libertarian, liberal, conservative or moderate  i am a member of the roadrunners, and i'm here to help you help improve utsa "
"had a good day today  also found the name of the song i could never figure out  i thought it was four or five years i was searching for the title, but it's actually more like eleven or twelve  all good things come in time  oh, the song title: one headlight by the wallflowers "
yes! mcallister park san <propfirst> ll wins!
great run by mcallister park!
"i get up at 5:55 am, get dressed, get out around the bus stop, and the bus blows right past without picking me up  great, now i'm really going to be pressed for time "
managed to make it to utsa with 20 minutes to spare and had a good meeting 
"gag, liquid dayquil (or the walgreen's equivalent) tastes like ass  yes, i'm sick, though it's not as bad as what i went through earlier this year in february  i should be recovered enough to be in class and meetings tomorrow "
"eight years ago, several thousand americans lost their lives in various planes, as well as the pentagon and world trade center  evil can only win if we forget, so let us remember "
"is going to predict that the cowboys will just barely make the playoffs at (10-6), while the texans will take the afc south by at least a game (11-5)  the saints will roll the nfc south by two at (11-5), maybe three at (12-4) "
"utsa students: fall 2009 elections for the senate positions of architecture, education and human development, honors college, liberal and fine arts, undeclared <propmale>, senior class, sophomore class and freshman class will be held on september 15 and 16 on banner asap  exercise your voice by voting on who will be your voice in the sga senate!"
"great work new orleans! <propmale>, what the f**k?"
"voting for fall 2009 election started at noon today: if you are in architecture, education and human development, honors college (honors studies), liberal and fine arts, undeclared majors, graduate class, senior class, sophomore class and or freshman class, you are eligible to vote! vote on banner asap! voting ends noon thursday!"
"congratulations to all the fall 2009 sga senator elections, and i hope everyone who ran stays involved!!! geaux roadrunners!"
"ok, ut  good game    could have been better, but at least you won  go <propmale> and new orleans!"
yes! <propmale> beat tennesee and new orleans won! woot! woot!
"there are twenty-four letters in the greek alphabet, and it matters not how those letters are arranged, repeated, or utilized  the only thing that matters is that if your organization helps further utsa and other philanthropic or service organizations, thank you for all you do!"
"six months, many suggestions, six finance committee meetings, numerous amendments, and nearly four hours and two sessions of debate, the sga budget is now officially adopted  now to commence three minutes worth of celebrations, then get  back to chopping wood "
"has just served two wonderful hours at babcock road cleanup  met some new friends, got some exercise, carried things from a car battery to a steel rebar to a side piece of a fender! oh the stuff you'll find around utsa!"
"got a haircut on friday, retreat in 5 days! yay!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
"is not entirely well, but can rule out the flu  all precautious aside, probably will return to campus at about 1pm "
retreat = 4 days  philosophy statement = tommorrow  paper for his 3303 = wednesday  panicking much? nope!
"sga flag football, in your campus rec co-ed playoffs? it may be more likely than you think!"
supports chicago for the 2016 summer olympiad 
"is potentially going to be away from fb until sunday pm, unless my internet stuff works in new braunfels "
"if you are a resident of bexar county and need to register to vote, several of my fellow sga collegues are registering students and members of the utsa community tomorrow in the sombrilla  you must be registered to vote by tomorrow in order to vote in the november 3 proposition elections for the state of texas  if you are already registered, vote in the november 3 elections "
"if you are a resident of bexar county and need to register to vote for prop  4 (funding for collegiate advancement initiatives), several of my fellow sga collegues are registering students and members of the utsa community tomorrow in the sombrilla  you must be registered to vote by tomorrow in order to vote in the november 3 proposition elections for the state of texas  if you are already registered, vote!"
"attention all personnel: due to the shortage of fun, a general state of bore has been declared  it shall terminate tomorrow at approximately 5 smile 0 pm (5 surprise 0 pm in certain localities)  that is all "
attention all personnel: kj has successfully cooked a meal: basalmic vinagarette spaghetti  that is all 
is going to have a little extra sleep today    night all!
12 hours of sleep  huzzah!
"i don't get it <propfirst>, why did you need ot to beat the chiefs? pathetic  absolutely pathetic "
"i'm slowly learning, slowly moving forward  every little test is another <propmale> to become a little more true "
is heading to club jpl in a few minutes   
"16-13 texas! ok, i'm done celebrating "
"what was that, <propmale> (wo)manning? oh yeah, that was the saints that just rolled you  hope you loved that fumble! 5-0!"
"cabsters! if you signed up to table, we will commence tabling at 1 pm sharp and go on all night (okay, just kidding; it ends at 3pm)  let's get out and promote the campus activities board, our events, roadrunners late night and proposition 4!"
"maybe, i'm so behind, i'm actually ahead  odd "
will be going to the utsa main campus today to clean up and conquer the cab office  it might be a good idea to join me if you're a cabster 
"to my fellow cabsters: if you are wondering as to why the office looks quite different, see my last status   laugh  would like to thank <propfemale> <propfirst> for taking time out of her weekend to help me, <propfemale> hinojosa and <propfirst> mcarthur to really whip the cab office into shape "
"after a tough and spirited attempt to rally our team, the sga flag football team has dropped its playoff game to flipcyde, ending our season  regardless, a winning record and a historic playoff win has defined this season as one of the best in sga history  i'm proud to have coached my fellow collegues tonight!"
"all, good night  good night, all!"
"bestfest was a <propmale> success! i should know, i pretty much slept twelve hours straight today  thanks for y'all coming out to support one of utsa's many vibrant traditions "
"is ready for the wildest three weeks in his life     ah, sweet november "
"well, this highly sucks  i'm getting sick fast, and this is not going to be fun "
is feeling much better    had to take several hours away from the school day though  will be fine 
"gah, spoke too soon    getting worse again  i'll be fine, just need to go through this "
"if the current health care proposal is successful by providing additional coverage whilst reducing the deficit (or holding it even), then i'll go with it  but: this is not the destination  it is merely the impetus to begin the route to a path to reducing the cost of health care and increasing the coverage until everyone is covered, and the cost is more than affordable for all americans "
i found out in a letter today that i lost my last surviving grandfather  had to transfer control of a voices project to someone else  things are really touch and go right now 
is going to clarify that last statement: is on the old laptop (old being a 2001 hp) as his main computer is e playful eriencing seperation anxiety (parts are breaking)  this might've been funny if the timing was better 
"saints are 9-0, but this is not a very good win, it's just a win "
horrifying realization: the schedule doesn't fit  hmm
"my grandfather would probably want me to continue with my life  thus, i will "
lessons learned: keep all friendships if possible  enjoy life and don't worry about small things  and a ticked off kid in a childcare center is hilarious    until a random object is flying at your face 
"congratulations to <propmale> frigstad, fifth executive senator of sga!"
saints! 10-0!
the days before finals = longest two minute drill  will be good 
"will be reporting the impersonator to both student judicial affairs as well as to the sapd  this is not some silly joke  this is people's lives that are being messed with  this is not just my life, but my friends who are harrassed by this imposter  i am not just doing this for me, but i am reporting it for my friends as well, so that they may have peace of mind once again "
"is finding new ways to weather the storms of life  it's time to talk with one another, not at one another  it is only through communication and cooperation can we stand united and accomplish our common goals "
"farewell, <propfirst> marrou! you've been a great anchor at kens-5!"
happy thanksgiving to all!
ran to the local valero and then back home to play grandma's lotto  paid with a 20 (playing 8 dollars) and got back a ten and a 2 dollar <propmale>  now that's something you don't see everyday!
"lots of work to do, but saints-pats tomorrow  going to be a real test for <propfemale> "
"in a little under 90 minutes, i will be functionally 22 years old  officially, that's not until 4:46 pm on 12-1  oh, and an early b-day present: saints win! 11-0 baby!"
a lovely b-day thus far     what a breeze    or brees that is    lol! loving the saints win   
"even though there is still two hours left to submit b-day greetings (and of course the belated greetings afterwards), thanks to all who submitted greetings thus far  i'll try to write thank you responses in some way, but be patient!"
"schedule for the next ten or so days: homework, calling organizations for fincom tomorrow, classes, fincom, general assembly, classes, then induction for voices, sga scantron coffee giveaway, cab interview, work on final paper and study for two tests  oddly enough, i can still theroretically earn a 4 0 for the first time ever  i'm probably going to get a 3 5 or 3 75 though, that's far more realistic "
almost done with classwork with one class!
"so, <propmale> white is running for governor  i have to laugh when i think about that cartoon in the <propmale> chronicle about <propmale> taking two guns to battle <propmale> <propfirst>    two guns that are hair dryers, that is "
"is not impressed with the win over nebraska, that crap shouldn't have happened in the first place "
free scantrons parscores and coffee tonight in the jpl! 10p-1a!
"will commence writing a paper on the 9th, and studing for quite simple exams on the 10th  not that there won't be breaks to play age of empires!"
"is stressed, but not from finals  hmmph "
just bought windows 7 aka windows vista plus  laugh  <propmale> 'prez' deleon is good at telling everything like it really is  windows 7 is indeed vista plus  laugh 
"wow, i still can't believe annise <propmale> won the mayoralty for <propmale>  she definitely deserved it after 12 years of hard work in <propmale> government "
"the fall 2009 record: became a member of cab, earned membership in voices, became the interim website director, then the interim finance committee chair in sga  and i have a feeling that this semster isn't quite over just yet "
finals are done! yay!
is not panicking on grades  and others shouldn't as well 
"still not the breakout semester i was looking for, at least on grades  they don't suck though, but so much for the drastic turnaround  my gpa is likely to go up maybe 2 100ths "
it's an anthemic rock day 
just totally took the via metropolitan transit entry on wikipedia to a whole new level with color coded tables 
"starting at about 10pm today, i will begin to prepare to upgrade my system to windows 7  i'll try to stay on as much as possible, but you can assume two things if i'm gone for a length of time: either i went to bed, or i'm wiping my computer out to begin the upgrade process "
"ok  i have found all the necessary installation disks (os, hardware, etc  etc  etc ) it's time to go offline to install windows 7  if i cannot get this thing to work, i'll probably be on my laptop tomorrow morning "
"has returned to the internet, with a fully complete windows 7 installation  it's a little cranky booting up, otherwise it's fine "
is looking for his copy of aoe3
"going to bed, at long last "
"wow, some people really are sick f--ks "
"why, would someone want to burn down a christmas symbol in sweden?"
<propfemale> christmas!
tomorrow marks just 14 days until the start of the spring 2010 semester   
first new years resolution: wear more bow ties 
omg! congratulations to <propfemale> <propmale> and <propmale> figueroa on their engagement! omg!
"there will come a time when you have to stand up for what's right, even if you are standing alone  i may stand alone in this battle, but it's time to fight  nothing left to lose here "
"even when people are willing to go great lengths, either in malice or in sheer stupidity to ruin the day for you, it is only you who can set up the terms for victory "
wow  texas! plenty of time?
"as for my response about the bcs title game: i'm simply no longer interested in college football rivalries for now    because the season's done  y'all come back in the summer, ya hear? on to nfl playoffs "
one day and two days respectively  must be ready 
"congratulations, <propfirst>!"
"wow, arizona!"
"day 2 of the campaign: at the dt campus  putting up flyers and posters  might create some quarter-flyers and hit the commons for some votes  first two days have been quite successful  elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> for student body treasurer on january 19-20 at banner asap!"""
"breaking news: the campaign facebook group has 100 members! let's keep it up! elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> for student body treasurer on january 19-20 at banner asap!"""
"if you want to know, you might elect to ask me  just keep it reasonable  http annoyed  www formspring me kortjackson"
"the campaign has had a strong first week, so let's keep it up! elect kj as sga treasurer on banner asap 1-19 and 1-20!"
"is creating a new campaign ad  will post the first two on facebook here soon, and the third one will join the other two on youtube!"
"congratulations, new orleans!"
"completed third ad, will upload it soon  planning on a strong finish to this campaign "
"is writing something  perhaps i should observe an idea of <propfirst> <propmale>, and write at least 2000 words a day "
"great season <propfirst>, and congratulations minnesota  vikings vs  saints in the superdome! going to be a good game "
"just over 24 hours until the start of voting on banner asap! tell all your friends to vote and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> for sga treasurer on tuesday and wednesday!"""
"less than 9 hours until start of voting on banner asap! tell all your friends to vote and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> for sga treasurer on tuesday and wednesday!"""
"less than 3 hours until the start of voting on banner asap! tell all your friends to vote and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> for sga treasurer on tuesday and wednesday!"""
"voting has begun on banner asap! tell all your friends to go to banner asap and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> for sga treasurer today and wednesday!"""
"still 36 hours to vote! vote on banner asap and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> as your next sga treasurer!"""
"little over a day left to vote: vote on banner asap and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> as your next sga treasurer """
"less than twelve hours remain! go to banner asap now and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> as your next sga treasurer!"""
"less than two hours remain to vote! go to banner asap now and elect kort \kj\"" <propmale> as your next sga treasurer """
"voting has ended  thank you for all your support! election results will be at 3pm, most likely the front of the sga office at the tables in the uc paseo (weather permitting)  keep your ears out for a event invitation by my campaign! again, thank you so much for your hard work and votes!"
i want to thank everyone who supported my campaign     we did it!
"first weekend as treasurer: clean the house up a little, go to utsa tomorrow and help fellow sgaers build the shantytown model, then get ready for full week of classes  also, plan out schedule to include several hours dedicated to procuring and working on concerns (1604 and dt)  also work on leaderfund stuff "
saints! to the superbowl! hallelujah!
rewrote the leaderfund guidelines to be more concise (although all the information is the same) and will be drafting a leaderfund intro letter soon  the new leaderfund form is completed and is ready for review at the finance committee  next is the preparation of the e playful ense report for january 2010 
doppelgänger week! change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like then cut paste this to your status 
"first full week as treasurer done! new leaderfund form will go into effect on monday, february 1, 2010  any applications submitted prior can still use the old form(s)  also on tap: a \pre-approval form\"" which will allow organizations to present their ideas beforehand to ensure leaderfund compliance (but will not serve to <propmale> allocations) and can be used as evidence that prior consultation did take place """
thinks it's time for you to gain a unique perspective of utsa! join sga!
just found out my <propfemale> mater may not have made it to state in academic decathlon for the first time since the early 90's  i'm in shock right now 
congratulations to <propfemale> day o'connor high school for winning your first regional title in school history! mr  <propfirst> is undoubtably proud of your guys up above!
congratulations to <propfemale> day o'connor high  school for winning your first <propmale> regional title in school history! mr   <propfirst> is undoubtably proud of your guys up above!
is serving some office hours at the downtown campus  got any concerns? visit the sga dt hq at the student activities downtown office in the durango building  (will be here 'til 2 smile 0 pm)
going to bed    long day!
the who = awesome staying power  the stage effects help too 
"for so long, so much suffering finally ends tonight  saints super bowl xliv champions!"
is now a pledge in the <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter of <propfemale> phi <propfemale>!
"apparently, that spare ticket has gone awol    i hope someone didn't filch it  disregard the fact i have a spare ticket for now "
working on that announcement   
note to <propfirst> beck: do us texans a favor and stay out of our politics 
will be officially filing for treasurer tomorrow  thanks and stop pestering me   wink 
"has voted early in the 2010 texas primaries  proof positive that college students actually give a s-    oh wait, i gave up profanity for lent "
just a few hours left to cast your vote for mr  and ms  utsa! go online to banner asap now and vote!
listening to midnight oil and *trying* to get stuff done 
"rip <propmale> t  nygreen, ph d "
"it's snowing @ utsa  no rain mix, no sleet, just plain snow! took me 22 years, 2 months and 23 days to finally see unadulterated snow first hand!"
and the footrace begins! re-elect kj for treasurer on march 9 and 10 on banner asap! keep to the basics    now more than ever!
"i know that people are taking sides in this election, either choosing to support <propmale> or <propmale>, and their teams  while i think <propmale> horvilleur and <propmale> frigstad are competent and qualified canidates, i'm fighting to keep my job "
the downtown campus kick-off went great! saw some familiar faces and some new faces  not bad for an event with incredibly little notice!
"in an election, you have to win every week, day and minute just to have a <propmale>  debating on what to do tomorrow   "
"kort <propmale> <propmale> is exhausted and at  home, yet is excited for my new big <propfirst> v  roig and  grandbig <propmale> plascencia jr!"
"is getting inspiration for his next couple of online video ads    and is ready to begin a new plan for campaigning  regardless of winning or losing, lack of trying will not be a factor in my campaign "
great job canada 
"five hours until monday  on monday i will be meeting with no fewer than three organizations with more possibly on the way  this is it  the campaign depends on the next three days  i'm praying that on march 11th, i'll still have a job, or at least another <propmale> to secure it "
"monday: take home test, meet and greet, talk to some organizations, hopefully secure endorsements, try to survive until tuesday "
"spoke to two organizations today, in contact with two more, scheduled to speak with at least one tomorrow  also got a <propmale> to speak at the candidates meet-and-greet, received very enthusiastic applause  we might just have a <propmale>  next two days are the make and break  momentum is what will determine how this election will break "
congratulations to <propmale> <propfirst> and <propmale> white  should be a very good race 
wow  quite a few republican state house members ate it in the primary    trying to tally it all up   
"breaking campaign news: kort \kj\"" <propmale> to terminate campaign for treasurer and begin write-in campaign for liberal and fine arts senator """
"is now running as a write-in for colfa senator  write-in kort <propmale>, jaxforusall utsa@gmail com on the write-in line for colfa senator on march 9-10, 2010 and lets send kj back to the senate!"
just got his first men's bow tie in the mail   
"wants to thank everyone for supporting him and his colfa senate write-in bid  because of your help, we are returning to the senate!"
"pleasant surprise: no incumbent senator that ran  for re-election lost their seat, afaik "
"if volunteering is a job you love, you'll never have to work to volunteer "
happy saint <propfirst>'s day!
"boldest pick i've ever made for march madness: <propfirst> <propmale> st  over syracuse  final four schools are kansas, syracuse, new mexico and shsu "
"so, this city council election in 2011 might be quite interesting     wink "
"well, now that my pick of unm is out, and kansas falling, my bracket's dead    i'm hoping duke and syracuse win out, with syracuse making the final  that's about the only way this bracket will get any more points  on the other hand, my bracket for the women's tournament seems to be fairly decent "
"as we move from the end of march to the beginning of april, it is my goal to rebound and outperform my performance during the first four weeks as a pledge in apo "
"so, i'm searching tents for apo days    and one of the search results involved a automated litter box for cats  thanks walmart for subtly suggesting i bring my two domesticated cats who will shred whatever tent i buy in three and a half seconds "
i really am pissed off at  all these posts on fb bitching non stop about health care  i can  probably state with certainty that most of those who are bitching about it has  not read the <propmale> in its entirety or even began to mull over the <propmale>   try using <propfirst> (the search engine for <propmale>s of congress) and read it!  that's what the service is provided for!
"last day to vote on the senior senator run-off election between <propfirst> garcia, <propfirst> \chris\"" lyon and <propfirst> \""josh\"" <propmale>  please help us fill these two vacant seats by going to asap and voting before midnight!"""
wow    i have the highest potential for points remaining in the women's bb tournament bracket challenge for the rec    that's a good thing!
i hear today that a <propmale> electronics company will release their newest invention: t s p o s t d d t d t i s t  details at 2pm 
"will not be at the university life awards tonight    i've got a sinus infection that seems to have just gotten worse  this sucks  and no, this is not an april fool's joke "
"okay, i would have just gotten rickrolled if i wasn't like, totally immune because i like the song "
"congratulations to all of those who won a university life award tonight! i apologize for not being there, but i am still sick  sadly, i have to be in school tomorrow for a project rehearsal and a saturday service project  hopefully i'll feel better (or functional enough) "
"likes coach k and all, but i'm really wanting a second helping of hooisers  go butler go!"
"wow  butler came back fast  was 26-20 duke, now 28-27 duke  this one looks to be one humdinger of a game "
congratulations to duke university and coach k  and please don't bother me with any more talk about march madness 
wow  second place in the women's tourney bracket challenge for campus rec  not bad for something i pretty much picked out in ten minutes 
"last week of pledging for apo    hours, study hours, interviews, socials, banquet, apo days (still not sure if i can go)  oh, and a paper is due thursday "
"congratulations to lefty (<propmale> mickelson) for winning the masters  tiger winning would still have been cool, but to see mickelson struggle for so long and finally win again is a feelgood story we've been needing "
"pledge class banquet today! forget the doctor, i'm going in a surprise getup   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
is picking up some australian politics books at the jpl  bit of a pet project of mine 
"so, thanks to a blue drape, i became <propfirst> atreides from dune  nice homage, but it was still a fail  entertaining, but still a fail  oh well, as long as the pledge banquet was a success (and it was!), might as well suffer a slightly bruised ego "
"congratulations to my fellow brothers of <propfemale> kappa class who crossed, i hope to join you all on wednesday!"
"current polling by rassmussen shows <propfirst> at 48 percent, just four ahead of white at 44 percent  previous polling showed <propfirst> and white at different amounts, but always <propfirst> plus 6  with a narrowing this early, this race is a tossup "
just 90 minutes    and then the rest of my life will be totally different  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
"is now officially a neophyte active in the <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter in <propfemale> phi <propfemale>  many a day i wondered if i could say that  now, i can; but without help from my brothers, i would not be able to  thanks guys and gals "
"that was some gritty play, but the spurs take the 2-1 advantage "
is at four points hotel near utsa waiting for the <propfemale> phi <propfemale> - <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter actives banquet to start 
"wow  apo-ago actives banquet was totally awesome, rad, and just about every adjective you can think of in a positive manner  may we all move forward and ultimately continue and e playful and our union in peace and brotherhood in this upcoming semester, may our recruitment net many fine examples and emulations of our ideals and creed, and may we work together to fufill our goals and dreams "
yay spurs! 3-1    <propfirst> hill is a badass!
"well, damn  good try spurs  we still have two attempts left to take the series, technically it's still three, but how do you get twenty points behind with a quarter left and win? better yet, demonstrate how to fix that "
"two attempts left to finish the mavs  and najera with another flagrant  can't the mavs like, win cleanly as opposed to killing our players? this is basketball, not sparta "
yes! spurs become first #7 seed to win a best of seven series! on to the conference semis!
"is considering perhaps rejoining cab  won't know until august if i can, but i'll leave the door open "
"the last week of school for the 2009-2010 year    two finals left, and studying is fairly easy "
dammit spurs! again? the hell?
"the finals are done, the excitement of grades is soon, but tonight, it's election night    going to watch this interesting three-way matchup in the uk "
"eh, last comment was not premature or early, but i figured that wouldn't be in the best of tastes  not wise to advertise  maybe later i'll reinstate that status "
i am fully certain now that the elections results from the uk make little sense at all 
"sooo    it's summertime  yea  time for a few more days rest, then time to start planning out quite many issues and things "
"it would seem that every time i try to like something on time from facebook, i can't get the right <propfemale> to be liked  hmph "
"well, it didn't take long: senator <propfirst> f  <propmale> of utah will not return to the senate upon the end of his term in 2011  <propmale> is the first sitting senator this term to lose a primary (although the utah gop convention has interesting rules that could cause someone to lose a primary without a primary election) "
"i am in the process of retooling my campaign site for a new project  it seems that even after you win a election, you're still campaigning  except this campaign is for colfa "
"happy mother's day to all moms in the world, especially my own!"
"yay, my gpa actually is going to go up despite a so-so semester?! nice "
"okay, time for bed now    been running behind all day "
please excuse what just happened    i'm wondering if some of my friends got their accounts hacked   
"okay y'all, i'm going to bed  if there's any hijinks, i'll take care of that in the morning "
"listening to the airborne toxic event ,\ it's good music to pass the time and to help get through entering stuff into spreadsheets and word documents for personal references (or even for work!)"
"correction: just because one song was good may \mean the rest of the album isn't as great "
"ky: rand <propfirst> is trumping <propmale> grayson 62-35, while conaway is beating mongiardo 56-32  only 6 of kentucky's 120 counties have reported  no results for <propfemale> or ar "
"while it is not normally my policy to call a race with less than half of the counties reporting minimum, it's certain rand <propfirst> has taken the gop nomination for the u s  senate seat in kentucky  conway is still leading big over mongiardo for the dem nomination in same race, but mongiardo has been closing the gap bit by bit  not calling that half just yet  far too little votes counted to make any sense in <propfemale> or ar "
"wow, lots of different result charts with varying <propfirst>    <propfirst> orenge and i trying to figure out who is winning in pennsylvania  one site shows sestak, one shows a near dead tie, one shows a lead for specter  good grief "
this just in: conway has apparently all but wrapped up the democratic nomination for ky-senate 
"well, it is time for bed  lots done yesterday and today, more to be done later today "
"it's sunday morning, and it's most certainly time for bed  good night to you all, and here's for a brand new week that's better than last week!"
"wow! i have 1,337 friends    loling at the \1337speak\"" reference """
"well, here goes    i'm probably going to add a minor in either political science or in economics, and will likely apply for that minor sometime this week  so which one? would like some input "
damn proud to be an ???!
"let's go suns! you wanted the freaking lakers after you whooped us, we spurs fans at least e playful ect you to take them out for a very good spin!"
yay suns! series tied!
just had the best shower this year so far     colder showers really do feel better 
"today is wednesday, and with it, my decision  while i am still considering the additional financial cost of adopting additional classes, i will file a change in degree plan to factor a minor in economics  this was not an easy decision at all, but there are some economic classes that also focus on the history of the subject, which will segue nicely in my degree plan "
"wow, you mean <propmale> artest is useful in other areas not concerning starting a brawl? whoopedeefracking do  i still see this a seven game series "
"going back to utsa on june 1 (tuesday)  will\ be on campus most of the day (10ish-5) "
"rest in peace, <propfirst> wooden     arguably the best coach out there in collegiate basketball, if not the best coach in basketball full stop "
"so, if people were wondering why i haven't been on until now since early saturday night, my keyboard ate it  using a very old one that hardly works until i can get a replacement  quite possibly the most frustrating 16 past hours of my summer thus far "
"to succeed, i've found the best chances are via putting your faith in god and speaking nothing but the unadorned truth "
going to utsa in the morning 
"well, i'm continuing with my primary commentary for tonight  if people are interested in reading this, let me know by liking this status or leaving a comment  you'll get tagged in the note containing the commentary, and just refresh the note for updates!"
yes! chicago blackhawks have won the <propmale> cup!
very nice    eng vs  usa 1-1 draw    better to just take the point and get the heck out of dodge on that match   
3-2 celtics!
"at utsa for a little bit longer, then heading home  very long day "
"friends, be glad i have friends to talk me down "
"well, i suppose congratulations another nba season  now, time to prepare for the draft, the spurs have two decent pick slots, and they have worked wonders before with mid to late draft picks (<propfirst> hill, dejuan <propfirst>, manu ginobilli, <propfirst> <propmale>)  if i were to pick for the spurs, i would go for <propmale> hayward of butler, if he's still in the draft  not sure on the other pick, maybe a strong center "
hopefully now i can go to bed   laugh 
"eh, time for bed "
"finally!\ team usa pulls their collective noggins out of their ass!"
"apparently, i'm very good at cooking  i have yet to ruin anything i've made on a stove "
what? <propfirst> rudd booted as aussie prime minister? but <propfirst> rudd was ruddical! must be rancid catnip or something 
"anyway, congratulations to <propfemale> gillard for becoming the first female prime minister of the commonwealth of australia! too bad it had to come at the e playful ense of <propfirst> rudd "
"okay, so after having another night with no regular sleep pattern, i spent the time to finally commit to memory how to tie a windsor knot in a standard tie  that was exceptionally difficult and very frustrating, especially when i got the mechanics going but the tie didn't end up even remotely even on both tails  now i think i got it "
"while this is a month early, i wish all four utsa greek life councils (and their chapters) (ifc, phc, mgc and nphc), and all professional and honors fraternities societies the best of luck and success in their recruitment processes! i know that 2010-2011 will be one of the most successful years for greek life and all greek letters at utsa!"
"when will texas ever go back to the days of the richards bullock, bush bullock, bush perry and perry ratliff days? a lot of things got done then "
"congratulations to spain for winning the world cup  <propfemale> la espana y el <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst>! (i think that's correct, haven't taken spanish in over 5 years, so don't kill the messenger     surprise  )"
"it's 5am, and i need to get some sleep  now "
time for bed and sleep 
"debating on whether or not to go to utsa-main campus  think it's time for a visit, but not sure if i'm up to the eighty-five minute bus commute to and from  but there is plenty of objectives i do need to accomplish today, and that includes a fairly critical one at the campus  guess i'm going "
"children\ with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's not\ contagious  they want what we all want: to be accepted  most of you\ probably won't copy and paste this, but will you do it and leave it on\ your status for at least an hour? it's special education week, and this\ is in honor of all the kids who need our acceptance  \(btw, future teacher here, so that's why this is important to me )"
"this week has been a very good week so far  finished all of the financial aid paperwork, got some new clothes to wear (so i don't have just blue shirts all the time), and it appears that i'm going to have a very filled schedule for the next month preparing for the new semester  to borrow a phrase from dr  <propfirst> beckett: \oh boy!\"" may even need to borrow a few quantum leaps too while i'm at it """
"i am actually enjoying this blase part of my life where i am old enough to know better on what to say, but too young to care, but just barely managing to get what i say right without seriously pissing anyone off "
"now, there is such a concept of dry humor, but is there such a thing as wet humor? or is that something just happens in a magical fantasia place such as xanth? of course, if i actually slept last night, i wouldn't be pondering this "
"after a afternoon nap and a shower before going to bed,\ i have come to the conclusion that wet humor occurs when dry humor \(deadpan) is attempted in a water-filled environment  this is entirely \in line with the concept of the existence of puns in xanth, if one type exists \and there is a theoretical equivalent, both must exist in xanth  and i \only read one of those books to figure that out "
two days until the return to utsa    plenty of stuff on wednesday that has to be done 
yes! congratulations to jari askins for winning the democratic primary for governor of oklahoma!
song of the now: o a r  - shattered (turn this car around)
i've come to the conclusion that sleeping in on sundays is a very bad thing to do    it's time to figure out how to go to church again   laugh 
"apparently, i'm going back to the campus tomorrow  huzzah!"
"holy crap    they're saying former senator <propmale> stevens possibly died in a plane crash    i may not always have had a positive opinion of mr  stevens, but nobody deserves to die like that  it's not certain as of now if stevens is in fact deceased, but it certainly seems surreal enough to be true "
"another tuesday, another set of primaries, this time co, ct, mn and the runoffs in ga  going to be some humdingers tonight "
preparing for the new semester    i'm going to have to define what my priorities are this semester  i've allowed too many distractions this past semester 
"yay! no more worrying about financial aid! all is well, it seems  now time to finally eat, haven't had anything to eat today "
"tomorrow marks seven days before the start of fall 2010  still got several things to do before that happens: attend meetings, serve in the fall convocation 2010, check out (and eventually purchase) the books i need for next semester, get ready for apo and sga "
"if\ you had a birthday the past few days, sorry if i didn't write on your \wall    i have been incredibly busy dealing with school logistics, and \feel free to accept this status as a belated birthday wish!"
"ok, enough late night chatter on fb    need to save the late night for saturday early early morning to watch australian election results    go <propfemale> gillard and alp!"
"alrighty, got to get away from the pc for a while    be back about 5pm at the latest "
at utsa getting ready for convocation ceremony practice  also can't wait for tonight and the australian election 2010    i'm with <propfemale> and the alp!
getting ready for my second straight fall convocation as a student marshal   
new school year  new semester  start it off right with a good focus on academics and get involved on campus    and <propfemale> phi <propfemale> is a great way to get involved!!!!
today is the first day of classes! do work all semester!
waiting for the next bus to go home    feeling a bit off 
"feeling much better  having a four day weekend every week in a sense really does help too  after eight semesters of having enough stress, i am blessed to have the schedule i have!!! and even if you don't have four days off a week    rush <propfemale> phi <propfemale>!"
"<propfirst> v  roig and co: have a good time at the bbq    wish i could be there    need to get some rest, felt terrible on thursday and i'm still not quite well yet "
"<propmale>, we have a problem    though a good one at that! go texans!!!! (still largely a saints fan, but seeing <propfirst> jones' team getting taken to the woodshed is epic win )"
"as i go to bed, i leave you all with a daily reason why rushing apo was a good idea: reason #1: i likely would have never been to the central library downtown "
"as i go to bed, i leave you all with a daily reason why rushing apo was a good idea, and perhaps and inspiration of why you should rush too: reason #1: if it wasn't for apo, i likely would have never been to the central library downtown and hold a funny shaped book aptly named \tilt \"""""
"another day, another reason to join apo: without apo, i probably would not have gone to <propfemale>'s bakery and cafe and had one of the best breakfast platters i've had so far in my life  sadly, no picture of that exists, so take my word for it "
less than ninety minutes left to file for a place on the fall 2010 sga ballot!
"for the first time since fall of last year, i will not be putting up flyers, posting facebook ads, updating facebook groups, merging campaign website updates or just run ragged trying to get votes  and that's something i'm actually grateful for: a break  still will be able to cast a vote in this election, and i look forward to working with all the future senators, especially the to be senator-elect from colfa!"
"another day, another reason to join apo: the <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter at utsa recorded the 4,000th service project in the national database of projects!"
"for the ladies: if you are interested in joining <propfemale> omicron pi, <propfemale> sigma <propfemale>, gamma phi beta, zeta tau <propfemale>, sigma kappa or phi mu (phc sororities), the last day to register for phc recruitment is today! <propmale> props to the rho gamma sisters for their hard work, and you can always ask them about more details!"
"congratulations to the rho gammas and phc for a successful registration process! best wishes to the phc sororities for recruitment week! also, best wishes to ifc, mgc and nphc greek organizations for their upcoming events!"
"for what it appears, the alp has got the gong  good luck prime minister gillard!"
"yay! saints win, but they need to turn up the offense a <propmale> "
"<propfemale> phi <propfemale> speed greet in the anaqua room (uc ii, left of the retama auditorium) at 7 surprise 0 pm! come and meet the members of utsa only co-ed service fraternity! go apo!"
"apo speed greet was awesome! thanks to all potential members who attended! we have one more informational before induction ceremonies, and this informational is on monday, 6 smile 0 pm at the uc ski lodge! this is the last <propmale> to gain some information directly (in a meeting format) from the chapter prior to deciding on whether or not to attend an induction ceremony!"
going to bed now    bit of a long day tomorrow in the sense 
"congratulations to all phc sororities and their sisters on their impending bid days  i wish all the newcomers to ???, ???, ???, zta, ?? and ?? only the best wishes in your journey for sisterhood! also, good luck to all ifc, nphc and mgc on their recruitment programs! last but not least, i can't wait for apo pledge induction ceremonies! it's a great time to go greek!"
"has been effectively cleaning out a email box with over 3000 unread messages  in just under an hour, i've knocked that number down to 1900 or so  needless to say, much much better to look at "
"voting is open for senators and the poll question on alcohol at chili's too! voting continues through wednesday at 11:59 pm! as a senator, i have no formal opinion on the poll, except that i fully support you voting in this election! as a student, i fully believe its time that we reopen our perceptions to potentially allowing alcohol on campus "
holy $#!^! castle lost in delaware 
"after the first day of pledge inductions, we have seven newly minted pledges! at least two more ceremonies to go!"
"two more fabulous pledges to the <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter of <propfemale> phi <propfemale>! we're on our way, still have at least one more pledge ceremony, so check the boards and emails for details! at the ago chapter of apo, the future is now!"
"i just finished writing a note about this week and something i saw, totally unrelated yet so true, so pure, so good  something my fellow closest friends may not see, but i know they will see it all too soon  one day, i will share this note, and it's my hope that some sense is made of it "
"after for so many years, as the world turns will be ending today  my grandmother is not pleased "
we have at least one last pledge ceremony tomorrow! please check the pledge group on facebook and message board on campus for details!
"did you know: in the '06 election when <propfemale> sekula-gibbs lost, people were forced to write-in her name on the ballot  in texas, it does not be exact to suffice, in fact the name <propfemale> dracula(bleep) gibs works  this is all interesting and germane when it comes to alaska, especially now that senator murkowski is attempting a write-in bid  no word yet if a write-in vote for \frank m 's daughter\"" will actually work """
good night   
"okay, trying this dryel thing  if it works, i just saved myself close to forty bucks on drycleaning  if it does nothing, i'm out only eight bucks, and at worst, i just bleeped up 150 bucks "
"results from dryel: the dark suit came out with less wrinkles, smells clean and the pants don't look like they've been saturated with rain water  the light pants from another suit was a dud, dryel did not take out the dried up lake of spilt tea  still, for a $8 00 investment, i saved $25 bucks "
"oh screw it  i've tried reformatting that message about the pledge ceremony tomorrow, just contact me or an active for details  facebook and this cold is kicking my ass "
"damn, saints had their hands full this game  saints didn't play badly at all, rather, the 49ers seem to be growing up fast under <propfirst> singletary  hartley is clearly the bloke of the week though!"
"alright, i'm going on the next bus series to attend my final class of the day  got to redeem the last part of the day so it's not a complete wash  this cold is finally under control "
"yesterday was for a lack of a better term, absolute fail  missed my first two classes, show up to my third only to get a not particular good batch of news  not going into details, as it's been fixed and we're all moving on "
back home from the sga retreat   
"dammit <propmale> texans, what the hell is this crap? and saints, seriously?!? you had to gag on that game with atlanta? oi!"
five days to big little surprise     totally stoked!
going to take a quick nap  tired as heck 
just thanked everyone i could identify on my sga memory sheet from the retreat 
four days until big little surprise!
"because of another incident of a shooting at ut, i cannot deny the fact that we need some form of chl campus <propfemale> to defend ourselves  as messed up as it is, the responsible need to step up and help those who serve and protect  if nothing else, we need another robust debate with solid research before making such a decision  for now, i'm for it "
"as i looked back on what i've said today, i've realized that the events that unfolded today at ut-austin has stirred up my <propfemale> ancestry, and i've said some rather irrational things earlier today  i don't normally backtrack on <propmale> issues, but on this one i am going to partially walk it back: i am in support of a debate on this issue of chl <propfemale>  previously, i wouldn't have even entertained that thought "
"tomorrow: big little surprise  going to bed after a tiring day at my observation school  great group of students, but they can and will run mental circles around you, given the <propmale>!"
today: big little surprise  brain still gone haywire  next wednesday i must be more mentally prepared  literally 
"yay! i have a little! hooray for <propfirst> tomlinson, my new little! and that means that <propmale> plascencia jr is now a great grand-big! <propfirst> v  roig also has a new little! the <propmale> family is getting bigger!"
"neoconservatism is a disease that is killing <propfemale>, it is killing our right to think and our right to believe in what we want, and i fear for this country  many gop candidates portray themselves as slightly right of center, but they are controlled by the agenda  we must keep them from power  otherwise, say hi again to segregation, misogyny and god only knows what "
"apparently, today i tried to think in a creatively logical way, and i've seemingly got people pissed off again  whoops "
"final amount of damage done to the monster that is the unregistered voter bloc: 1,603 voters registered for a damage amount that is over 9000  yes, i'm a nerd  deal with it "
"*sigh* everyone seems to be getting into relationships  except me  same old, same old  i'm only getting older  this is kinda beginning to stink "
"alrighty, after a night of quite <propfirst> commentary from friends, i think i'm going to school to get done with my projects  having to radically rearrange my day too    should be interesting "
tomorrow: back to the fun that is field e playful erience  then class and apo! yay!
aha! i know what these weird status updates are about! lol 
"ok, time for bed  moved field e playful erience to friday again  these projects are seriously kicking my butt  will greatly enjoy the weekend "
"i apologize for my status i wrote in the past 20 minutes  i will not be retiring or resigning, and i intend to serve my full term in sga  i will have to think for a very long time if i want to continue beyond this year  i realize i have my issues, and these problems are precisely why i shouldn't be leading an organization, and why i am not doing so currently "
"time for bed, with no set time to be up, yay!"
"kj on txst: it's not that i hate everything that is texas state  i love the architecture, especially the interior design  i love the football stadium, i love the library, i love the programming and i have a lot of friends who go there  even the teachers seem decent  but, because i go to utsa, i love everything here, which means i embrace the rules of rivalry, of which there is only one: beat texas state!"
"well, looks like i'm stuck at home again  another apo i couldn't go to as a result  this stinks, bad "
"on november 2, we have a <propmale> to fix texas  for 10 years, we’ve been governed by a governor who’s done nothing but allow deficits to arise, take stimulus funds for the sole purpose of balancing our budget, watch as schools continue to sink and has financed what little stability we have today in return for a future of ruin  on 11 2, vote an a-p-b (anti-perry-ballot) and get texas in front again!"
"if anyone likes the game bejeweled 2, you can get it free (full version too!) from popcap games today until 10pm pacific time (midnight here in san <propfirst>)!!! hurray for ten years of bejeweled!"
"notice: i will not be reachable by facebook for at least until 3 pm monday  i have several tasks i must work on, and that includes updating my computer and my website  therefore, please do not have a <propmale> freakout  if there is rancid debating going on on a particular comment thread on my profile, please send me an email if you know the address, i'll handle it "
"technically, i have <propmale> day off by default due to no classes, but i'm going to the campus anyway "
"today, i am announcing that i will be beginning the process of moving my senate site from 110mb hosting to godaddy hosting  this process will take about two weeks at most (allowing for events) but the site should still be up until the time of the actual switch  if there is extended downtime, i apologize in advance "
pigs have flown! hell has frozen over! the saints won the superbowl and the texas rangers have won a playoff series!
"hosting a meet and greet in the sga office on thursday  if you've got any issues with utsa, please feel free to talk with me on thursday, or any day for that matter "
"bit late, but thank you <propfirst> <propmale> for your service as premier of new brunswick  i don't normally thank pols for their service, but this is a rare exception: many people believe his legacy will be negative, but i believe that in due course people will recognize him for being the first to call for self-sufficiency  i already have, because i believe utsa should be self-sufficient as well "
"wow  the <propfirst> morning news and san <propfirst> e playful ress news both broke from endorsing <propmale> <propfirst> and instead chose <propmale> white  at it's weakest, it's symbolic  at it's most potent, we have change on the horizon "
"i'm going to the campus in less than thirty minutes to early vote for <propmale> white, <propfemale> chavez-thompson, (vote for atty  gen  is personal), <propfemale> combs, <propfirst> patterson, <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale> weems  kinda ironic because in 2006 i only voted for two democrats in the big 7 (<propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfirst> <propfirst>), now i'm only voting for two republicans (so far) in the big 7 in 2010  pretty solid flip "
"oh alright, i give up on trying to figure that out  on to the next enigma "
"hmm  turnout is up in all <propmale> <propmale> area counties (<propmale>, montgomery, fort bend and galveston), bexar, <propfirst>, williamson the <propfirst> area counties (<propfirst>, tarrant, <propmale> and denton) and the gulf coast rgv belt (hidalgo, <propfirst> and nueces)  only el paso is bucking the trend  this could cut either way for either <propfirst> or white based on distribution "
i am rather excited to be working on my revamped online <propfemale> for my senate office! should be very nice 
rangers! rangers! world series!
"now\ that i'm a bit more calmed down: it is worth noting that the new york \yankees played a good series and they are a good team  this is a team \that knocked off a sitting world series champion last year and they are \arguably tougher to defeat when defending a title, in my opinion  this \could possibly have gone the other way  fortunately, it didn't and the rangers worked to get to the world series "
that's it! fire <propmale> brown! fire <propmale> brown!
"i'm a bit upset that i will not make it to up til <propfemale> this year  it was a blast to go last year, and i'm sure this year's will be epic  here's hoping, praying and pre-planning next fall to try my damnedest to go back in the fall next year "
"ok, every few days i'll be offering a map of texas with counties colored for <propfirst>, white, glass or for tossup conflicting data  i'll also offer raw percentages (which is to guess the final result, not the current early vote totals  i may be off considerably, but over time the <propfirst> should turn solid "
"instead of weeping for what we have lost, we should celebrate what we have sacrificed for ourselves so that our fellow roadrunners at utsa can all have a better future now and always "
greetings governor <propfirst>! how much did you pay that widow to say that blasphemous amount of crap on tv?
woot! enjoyed the chili's fundraiser for the <propfemale> lambda pledge class  i enjoyed my first chili's steak in over two years  missed it dearly  will miss it again until the next time 
"greetings sga folks! i've created a sga espn fantasy basketball league for us to have fun with, if anyone is interested, let me know with your email so i can invite you to it  if we set up correctly, we can draft on october 29th at 11 surprise 0 pm  there are 7 slots left, but i can e playful and the league if need be, but it must be in a multiple of 2 "
"sharkbait! apply him directly to the top of your head  \sharkbait! apply him directly to the top of your head  \sharkbait! apply him directly to the top of your head "
my costume for the general assembly is complete  just need only one item(s) 
"campus clean up today! i'll be at the apo desk until we can get some people  meet at the apo desk  my apologies for being 15 minutes late  if i'm not there, i'm grabbing lunch now so i won't be distracted later "
"fratting hard at club jpl  after all of these upgrades, it's probably should be renamed studio jpl discotheque "
"holy crap, <propfirst> cooks took my friday projects (campus clean up) to the next level (like, all next week)  epic win   laugh "
"if a band of educators were to sing <propmale> paisley songs, one would be \i'm going to check you for teks \"""""
"<propmale> <propmale> is quite possibly the most craftiest, sliest politician in u s  senate history when it comes to elections  he escaped defeat in 1998, and did it again tonight  as much as people may not like him, you got to hand it to him "
"as soon as apo days are over, i'm taking a monday trip to the downtown campus "
would like to thank the <propfemale> lambda pledge class of my fraternity on a very successful pledge banquet  i throughout enjoyed it and wished i could spend more time with you guys 
"i'm thinking: it's always time to rediscover the god who created me and my master plan that is my life  it just can't be that simple to be e playful lained away as anything but  there is a god, there is jesus, and i exist due to them  it is worth noting that i shall consider nobody lesser or greater because of their beliefs as a result of my own "
"haha, just noticed that my notification systems noticed that the same guy that produces and posts the microwave videos posted something about the discussion of legalizing pot in california  lol  people are already stupid enough and don't need any help "
"one last week of pledgeship for the <propfemale> lambda class of utsa's ??? chapter! you can do it guys, you have really come together in the last few weeks!"
"slotted all my classes for the next semester  bad news: no more days off  not great news: three of the classes are technically back-to-back-to-back, but they're all in the same field  great news: with the exceptions of wednesdays, no more late days  troublesome news: where am i going to fit those three observation hrs a week?"
"living near utsa might put me in <propfirst> v  garza's district (district 117, which was lost by dmcql)     maybe i should consider moving out here  i really don't want to run against <propmale> (i like the job he's doing)  this is just a thought "
i remember when <propfirst> <propfirst> esté and crew set up the sga computers to play journey's separate ways at the same time    epic surround sound win    we need to try that again 
"instead of going to my observation today, i'm now having to go to cob advising just to get registered for classes for my minor because they've conveniently locked all of the upper class eco classes for majors  i don't believe i have to beg to take classes for a minor  this is ridiculous "
"today was likely the most confusing and yet fulfilling day ever  i still have much to learn about apo, apparently "
"after 15 of the past 21 years, aung san suu kyi has been released from house arrest  may her freedom be permanent this time "
"the line between a person campaigning for a good cause and being a sore loser is a very narrow one indeed  for several weeks, the campaign of <propfemale> murkowski did not fit into either  today, the evidence is clear that people really wished that hadn't gone with <propfirst> miller in the first place, and hadn't wished they threw out a perfectly competent senator  alaskans should (and are) happy they might've got a second shot "
"congrats to <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> and <propfemale>, our wonderful new neophytes to the <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter of <propfemale> phi <propfemale>!"
i personally would like to thank the <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter for electing me to be your fundraising vp  to hold this position of confidence is something i will respect and honor!
getting ready for apo banquet   
heading out to utsa very shortly 
"effective today at 9 smile 0 pm, i am now officially fundraising vice-president of <propfemale> phi <propfemale>'s <propfemale> gamma <propfemale> chapter "
pfft  ranting and raving doesn't really help  onwards!
"another sga reform <propmale>? yep, it's time "
<propmale> childress got axed  this past few weeks were not kind to nfl head coaches 
"this has been one of my toughest semesters ever, and this semester has made me make many difficult decisions  one has to deal with schooling, the other with life in general  now don't worry  i'm still going to continue my roles in sga and apo   laugh "
"going offline to update system, brb "
"thanks for the birthday wishes! wow, over 120 people already  lots of thanks you notes to write    going to need a efficient and yet still individual dedicated system "
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join \the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status  \invite your friends to do the same!"
"again, thank you to all who gave me birthday wishes  i'm going to need this weekend to write notes to everyone, apparently "
no fate but what we make our own through christ as all things are possible by him 
"getting ready to go to utsa  hopefully have a couple of informal meetings, then head on home "
not able to go to the campus today = day wasted 
good night!
r i p <propfemale> edwards 
final today at 5 surprise 0 pm  joy 
"the deadliest disease to freedom and <propfemale>, much less sanity, is polemicism and partisanship "
"can we cut the partisan crap from the dream act? i mean, holy sweet mother of jesus and god bless <propfemale>  be more civil, stop calling people names and rubbing it in  just because i may have a stance on it doesn't mean i'm going to be an jerk about it "
"okay, i give  send me your fb messages in this \numbers\"" game  i'll try to answer as best as i can """
"1776: you're actually a very good friend  granted, we don't agree on everything, but it seems we do a good job when we work together  i'm glad you're in sga, and regardless of what people say, your service is actually appreciated by more people than you might imagine "
"1349: wow  i've known you since high school, and you were totally awesome to chat with  always a pleasure to talk with you, as even during some of the worst of times in your life, you'd always be a positive <propmale>, never a negative <propfemale>  with that type of attitude, anything is possible for you! traits like those are very impressive, and again to quote the song, \thank you for being a friend!\"""""
"3: it's seems only yesterday i met you whilst at the same time it feels like i've known you my entire life  neither is, of course true in a literal sense  i feel as there is still much we can talk about as friends, and there will be a time for that  thanks for being part of sga, and you are very fortunate for the people in your life, as they help to build on your already dynamic character!"
"-1^(1 2) : a few months ago, i hardly knew you  but as time went on, i've gotten to know you better, and you are literally a human enbodiment of someone opening a can of whoopass combined with 1337, roflmao and awesome  every day you come up with a new gem of knowledge that is both insightful and funny  and since you care about everyone, you'd be an awesome teacher if you ever considered the path!"
"23: i remember when i first met you in professor harmon's texas politics class  then you joined sga, so i had plenty of times to say hi and how are you doing (well after we finished harmon's class), and you were always a pleasant person to chat with  feel free to drop on by the office and say hi or send a message! i'd always be delighted to talk with you!"
"24 88: lol  you're totally an awesome friend  you're one of those people who totally think outside the box but aren't ripped to shreds for it as you always come up with good ideas that just    work! that's probably why the special number too  and i guess for advice, stay here at utsa  you'll definitely be happy here!"
"going to bed  keep sending in those <propfirst>, and i'll reply in the morning!"
"keep sending in <propfirst> via fb msg, and i'll keep responding to these <propfirst> "
"16: where to begin    it seems the first time i saw you was at the dt campus when i was sworn in as the new student body treasurer  you've always had a solid, balanced opinion and have sometimes singlehandedly kept me from doing some boneheaded $#!%  thanks for all the work that you do, you're an awesome friend!"
"0689: you're literally the first person in this list i can legitimately say i hardly know (we only met less than a month ago)  you certainly are a cool person, and you're dedicated to every task you put your efforts in  hopefully we can get to know each other in the near future!"
"2612: it's been a while since we've really talked  you've always had fresh and innovative ideas, and when you were running that newspaper i always found myself amused with the writing and all  glad to see you're back at utsa and gearing towards graduation!"
"alright, i'm off to bed  keep sending in <propfirst>, and i'll keep responding!"
going afk for undisclosed amount of time  i'll continue answering <propfirst> a bit later 
"123456: i'm pretty sure i met you at holmes, but we never got around to talking too much (of course, me being in a secluded area to study for academic decathlon has that bad side effect  sad  )  you're a nice person, and feel free to always chat or message me on fb, i would love to talk with you more!"
"8: wow  where to begin    you've been an awesome friend, and i'm going to miss you when you graduate  it will definitely be a different place in the uc3 and at utsa without you  i think you still would have made a great senator for sga!"
"12988976: you sir, are a badass, and i'm glad you joined sga  better late than never  you'd always found a way to get things done at utsa, and i think you will excel in law school  you better come back and visit us often  finally, you are a millionaire    with a huge wealth of quality, solid, awesome friends   laugh "
microecon final done  just have a reflection paper and a int'lecon final tomorrow and i will be done with this semester 
is officially a recipient of the official utsa ring!
final day of finals  thank god 
"not yet bad news, but not good: pray send good karma etc  for <propfirst> boone and his family, a fire has broken out that has not yet confirmed to have spread to his home as of his last update "
"as i look back on this previous semester in sga, i'm proud of my accomplishments and how far i've gone as a roadrunner  this semester alone, i helped in shaping the alcohol on campus poll (by motioning a disclaimer attached to the poll indicating it was a poll, with the motion passing) and have begun to write a <propmale> that will better clarify election regulations in the sga by-laws  here's to the sp11 semester!"
waiting for official grades   
"i understand it takes some time for grades to be loaded into asap, but my <propfemale> is not incredibly extensive in this field  it would be nice to have such knowledge so i can finalize my schedule "
"after a very trying semester, i made it out okay with 2 b's and the better case scenarios (not best case or worst case) in the other two classes with all four passing grades  i'll take it "
"and now, i can finally sleep "
"beginning to write a book  need something to do this holiday season, besides get a job "
congratulations to the steele knights! sa area friday night lights can't get better than this!
wonder why you play all the games in a sport? just ask pearland and steele! congrats to the oilers (pearland) and knights (steele)  nice to see two fresh first time football state champions for a change!
happy 85th birthday apo (i'm sure this is belated)!
kudos to <propfirst> <propfemale> ! his words of wisdom has made me think 
"well, for better or worse, looks like i'm stuck at utsa until spring 2012   annoyed  might as well make the best out of it "
already time for bed  enough with the reform for tonight 
bed time  time for some sleep 
quick question: who is the number one tire manufacturer in the world?
"the start treaty was passed today, 71-26  it's official: bipartisanship has a <propmale> "
bed time 
it's christmas  considering re-gifting one of my cats to my mom 
"going to bed after being awoke by noises in the night  no word if it was <propfemale>, but i'm not going to re-gift one of the cats  funny, but i was being sarcastic  night early morn y'all!"
is warming up to the new format of wwtbam     beat the online game in four attempts  seriously considering trying out 
"saints! oh, yes! new orleans edged out atlanta!!!!"
i take particular satisfaction with the spurs beating the lakers  proof that the spurs are a lot more legit than people give them credit!
seemingly becoming a bigger fan of <propfirst> <propmale>    one of the best modern day composers   
preparing for the spring 2011 semester 
congratulations to senator <propfemale> murkowski for winning her write-in bid in alaska! only the second such win in united states senate history 
"the spurs win  again     rather routine    holy sh-- they beat <propfirst>!?! hells to the yeah! um, sorry about that    not "
"on this, the final day of 2010, i respectfully ask all of you to take time to remember whom we've lost in years past  some of us lost family, friends, or a fraternity sorority brother or sister, a significant other, a co-worker, and so forth  may we tell their stories and advocate their positive impact so they may never be forgotten "
i can't sleep  i can't sleep  i can't sleep  i can't sleep 
"finally got some sleep, but it was very much broken  not much more than 4 hours continuous at one time "
it appears another visit to financial aid at utsa may be necessary tomorrow 
"wow  looks like all will be well on the financial aid front, and the seattle seahawks are the luckiest playoff team this year thus far  7-9? wow "
going to eat a dinner at utsa and then to go grocery shopping  fun times ahead  yay for spring 2011!
"allright, time for bed  and this is considered early by this week's norms "
"today has definitely not been a good day  please keep the people injured in the tuscon, arizona shooting in your thoughts and prayers  for those who are deceased, let us pray for their families   as for politics, it's worth noting that regardless of beliefs, we have a right to voice our discontent at the ballot box, not by violence "
"day one of spring 2011, and sga is already going full steam ahead  to get an idea, start a treadmill, run it at full speed and jump on  that's a decent starting comparison, analogy wise "
"will be sitting out the mlk project for apo with a cold allergy reaction  feeling much better than yesterday, but i dare not push myself and make myself sicker  - -"
"getting ready for another good spurs game and oh wow, somebody's prayers just got answered! <propmale> <propmale> lost! as marv <propfirst> would say: \yessssss!\"""""
day 3 going into day four of feeling like crap  better to fight this cold now than have it later at a more worse time 
"okay, so i'm out for the day because i have a cold, and certain people in sga have selected a latin word as their word of the day  if you haven't figured out what this word is, it's best you don't "
"i can't sleep, i literally am amped up for involvement fair and apo general meeting "
waiting for the officers meeting at 7 smile 0 pm 
"congratulations to <propmale> cardenas on his election as the newest colfa senator! while this may have been his first day on the job, he's been involved in sga since the start of this year! he's a fighter for the students, and i look forward to his continuing service!"
"sometimes, when all else fails, you have to just pull a <propfirst> may  kudos if people get the top gear reference  laugh "
woohoo for nice weather!
"tonight, we dine on bobcat! go roadrunners!"
listening to foreigner  that shows how old i am 
"i hereby announce that you should support <propmale> frigstad for mr  utsa  <propmale> is a dedicated hardworking roadrunner and i have had the pleasure of working with him on various student initiatives of which are too numerous to list here  this is by far a difficult choice to make, as i have exceptionally good friends in both mr  ms  utsa races "
today    is a no tie day today   annoyed  nothing super important going on 
not too difficult of a day today  two classes  done by 3:15 pm 
"omaha mayor <propmale> suttle survives a recall bid against him by 51-49 percent  good news, considering the guy did nothing wrong or illegal "
"dear lord, i come to you as humble as i know how  i confess my sins, those known and unknown  lord you know i am not perfect and i fall short every day of my life, but i want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy  thank you for my family, friends, roof over my head, food on my table, everything i have and trials that make me stronger  i love you lord   re-post if god has blessed you in any way "
"just watched the first ads from the ames jones and <propmale> campaigns to fill hutchison's seat in '12  ames jones has a great deal of substance, and <propmale> has a feel good ad that shows that you can be friends with the tea party and not be nuts  interesting starts out the gate, i must say "
wow  another blast of wonderful weather  < sarcasm>
"got the news that the holmes ad team advanced to state! yay! from adsic, the results show they're in 37th "
voted <propmale> frigstad for mr  utsa on banner asap  you should too 
"regardless of all the cold weather, it's best to remember the old british saying during wwii: \keep calm and <propfemale> on\""  all i ask is the word \""responsibly\"" is appended to the end of that phrase """
hey all: vote <propmale> frigstad for mr  utsa  today is the last day to do so on banner asap  no more second chances!!!! vote on banner asap and choose <propmale>!
"it may be cold outside, so warm up by putting on some blankets, and getting on your computer and voting <propmale> frigstad for mr  utsa! hopefully you'll also get a warm fuzzy feeling and be warmed up quickly! only less than 5 hours to cast your vote for <propmale>!"
"we're down to the final hour!!!!!!!\\please vote <propmale> frigstad for mr  utsa! vote now, one hour left!!!\\remember, roadrunners always do it on banner asap    voting, that is   laugh "
"well, going to bed  gotta get some rest, may have to go to utsa tomorrow  <sarcasm> this weather is so fun! < sarcasm>"
is close to cracking the order of senority of all sga members  may finally have this figured out 
"<propfirst> mcdyess  enough said  going to bed now, in much better spirits!"
"wow, utsa finally canceled classes? nuts "
"quite possibly the most jazzed person in the entire city right now  i got to see snowfall for the first time in my life in person  oh, and the spurs totally made my night last night "
in a laughing fit  don't ask 
congrats to @<propmale> frigstad on his victory as mr  utsa!
congratulations to the green bay packers! super bowl xli champions!
"allright, time for bed!"
"well, after four years, i finally got haxxored by <propfirst> <propfemale> "
"won't be able to go to class today, tried going outside, this weather sucks and it's only getting worse today "
just totally participated in the most random and totally epic win event of the week: helping <propfemale> tompkins get her car keys 
"brothers of apo: you have been accredited your fundraising \events\"" and service hours """
"no bow tie today  nice weather, time to enjoy wearing shorts!"
seriously  everything in my life is crazy right now  got class in 3 mins 
"my head has been stuck in the sand for too long    no more  it's time for people to step up and work together to fix this campus  it's been done before, and it can be done again "
"thanks to <propfirst> montoya for introducing me to new order, an awesome 80's band!"
"sga candidates and people: please consider refraining from using facebook groups (other than the old format)  people get added to groups automatically, and it clogs emails and brings people who do not want to be in the group into the group  please consider using events and pages, where people can decide if that's what they want to partake in  oh, and goodnight folks  - from your mostly harmless friend kj "
"ok folks, i fixed the technical difficulties with my camera (found a workaround) so i will get the press <propfemale> finished asap  i can also finish work on the javascript slideshow so the site is almost functional  just need to get the movie editing software to work!!! our campaign is almost at full speed!!!!"
"just got done posting flyers all across the utsa main campus! get ready utsa, the  campaign is going to be very active next week! more posters, flyers and even campaigning at the dt campus next week! keep your ears and eyes open!  laugh "
"great day for ireland  fine gael is on track to be the largest party for the first time in their history, and <propfemale> <propmale> is a good bloke "
"just over a week before election days! check out my fb event  to find out where i stand on the issues! also of note, i am beta testing the last part of the website (javascript slideshow and youtube embedding) prior to uploading!"
"hello all! will likely visit the dt campus today! also, i have finished beta-testing the final parts of the campaign website, e playful ect that to be live tonight! 7 days until elections, do you know who you want as senator?"
"to be frank: negative campaigning sucks  i don't like it either, and although it is effective, if we cannot accept a higher standard, we are doomed to the same crap in <propfirst> and dc "
"happy birthday, texas!"
downtown visit was very fulfilling  now getting back on the bus to main campus 
"at this point in campaigning, i feel a lack of interest in voters,  here's links to combat apathy \presidential candidates annoyed <propfirst> hensley for sga president - a fight for principles at utsa\<propmale> <propmale> for president!!\\vp candidates annoyed vote <propfirst> hinojosa for sga vice president!\vote autumn lansford for sga vice president!!!!!"
heading to class  fun 
very tired    goodnight
"wow, just under 8 hours until the start of voting! going to be a fun campaign!!!!"
"congratulations (albeit a bit late) to the <propmale> <propmale> holmes academic decathlon team for a fantastic comeback to the state competition, and improving four slots at state! keep chopping wood!"
"so, the paisano editor calls everyone in sga incompetent? fine  i look forward to continuing to rise to the challenge   and help me continue to do competent reforms and legislation to make utsa get in front again!"
ladies and gentlemen: only 4 hours left to vote for sga elections! !
"wow, i am frankly impressed and humbled by all of the additional supporters for taking their personal time out of their day and campaigns  people really do surprise you  i appreciate it!"
"for what will likely be the last time of my undergraduate career, the final sga election of which i am a candidate in has finally concluded the voting stage  i am relieved, yet filled with mixed emotions "
"i want to personally thank everyone who supported my campaign  i was returned to the senate with the greatest amount of votes cast for any candidate! again, thanks! also, please don't forget the runoff elections on march 22-23, 2011 and decide for sga secretary between kareena l  kirlew and <propfirst> <propfemale>! and now, we have a term to finish!"
utsa up 2 over mcneese at halftime  smile 
we're going to the dance!
"bracket filled out: i think the final four will be ohio state, san <propmale> state, utah state and kansas "
being sick sucks 
"redesigning my campaign website into my \online office website\"""""
"scratch that last post, link isn't working "
go roadrunners!!!! i humbly ask that you please destroy my bracket by beating ohio state  thank you and godspeed!
wow  morehead st? i was thinking utah st  being the big <propfirst> <propmale> this year 
"edit: ok  amazon's being goofy, at least on my computer  just feel free to check out my store if you like  in the meantime, i'm going to yell at my computer "
"ladies and gentlemen: after some careful thought and consulting with my friends and family, i am opting to endorse <propfirst> <propfemale> for sga secretary  while i believe both candidates are qualified, i firsthand have seen <propfirst>'s stellar dedication to sga, even during his roughest times  if you agree with my viewpoint, please consider giving <propfemale> your vote today and tomorrow on banner asap "
ib!
"rip my 2011 march madness bracket  you were great fun while you lasted, you gritty son-of-a-bitch "
"sixteen years of alp rule down the toilet in new south wales, and dare i say, they deserved this retribution  the only good thing was that outgoing premier keneally flushed a lot of the crap out prior to elections  now, it's time for alp to heal thyself "
"as i conclude this term, i've realized that there is simply only so much one person can do  i'm honored to have been a part of sga for four wonderful terms, and i look forward to a fifth term, all the while even more humbled to take part of a rarefied honor with a renewed sense of cooperation and a distinct charge to assist a new generation of senators with their journey "
"i think i have made my decision  through heck and high water, i will be a grad student in fall 2012 at utsa, pursuing either a <propfemale> in history or possibly econ "
found out i've been passed over for the fourth consecutive university life awards 
wow  people really are crazy    looking forward to this weekend!
"<propfirst> <propfemale> may want to be me, but it's better to be yourself than a second rate version of somebody else  seriously folks, i got a lot more work to do than fb  oh lord and jesus christ, give certain people i know a ton of common sense, okay? lol"
alright people  i'm going offline from facebook pretty much starting at midnight  i will be away from computers in general starting thursday night except for academic purposes  i'll be back on sunday 
"hard to believe i'm saying it, but congratulations to iota beta of pi kappa phi  we did it!"
"sad to see so many good people go and depart their roles in sga, but so equally happy to have earned a second term as your colfa senator and to see many new people enter the stage  i have a feeling we're going to accomplish some great things in the 35th general assembly "
is humbled and honored to be elected as the 7th executive senator of the student government association of the university of texas at san <propfirst>  thank you all for those who supported me as well as those who supported my esteemed competitors  i look forward to winning your support every single week to get utsa in front again 
"well, stuck at home again, it appears   "
really wanted to go to the football game with the guys of pi kappa phi - iota beta but at least some chores got done  ready to go to my first sga executive meeting since i subbed for <propmale> frigstad over a year ago  any senators wish to offer opinions statements to take to the meeting?
"wonderful  love the via buses when they make you so late by walking too far and you can't get into class because you will be booted for being late   laugh  not too upset, as it's a dual fault "
"astp training: done  actually it was pretty good, and the presenter had quite the sense of humor "
"this week will be critical  two response papers, one film paper, one presentation, and a ton of meetings  not a whole lot of fun time  time to make this week the one of the best in my life, or at least, one of the best of this semester   laugh "
attention utsa students    there is a poll concerning concealed <propfemale> on campus  please e playful ress your opinion on banner asap today and tomorrow  thank you 
<propfirst> <propmale> just declared his bid for the presidency of the united states    and now my day is very interesting  checking out political wire now 
"this week has certainly been a test  one last class this week, two papers  easiest part, dare i say "
made it through another week  time to finish this semester strong 
"we have a thousand wishes: to be thinner, be bigger, have more money, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish: to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, is fighting cancer, or had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
"we have a thousand wishes: to be thinner, be bigger, have more money, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish: to kick cancer's ass  in honor of someone who died, is fighting cancer, or had cancer, post this for at least one hour "
"perhaps i should stop worrying about things  even though i only want the best for everyone, you just can't have it all "
go blackhawks! ot with a <propmale> to win and go to the next round after being down 0-3!
"nooooooooooooooooooooo! dammit vancouver! first you spawn the grizzlies, now this "
"phew  spurs, you got another another 1up  don't waste it "
"epic math problems are epic  who would know that 6÷2(1+2) can provide 30,000 voices of commentary and multiple proofs "
"without really trying, posted a score of 28,800+ on treadmillasaurus <propmale>, within the top 25% today  legit  now time to get ready for studying, again "
"time to fetch dinner  yes  i actually am going to walk and go get it  novel idea, eh?"
"wow, that was not nice  got a rogue spyware attack, very rare for me  (last attack was at least last year) fortunately, it was a <propmale> attempt, so i was able to rid of it in safe mode  guys, be careful!!!!"
"good run spurs    and now, my consolation choice     go thunder!!!"
"i know most people could give a rip about canadian politics, but it appears that this upcoming election on monday might either net a 1) conservative majority, 2) con minority, or 3) the first ever ndp government  the third option    would be rather historic "
one week until leadershape!!! super blessed to have this opportunity  ready to learn new ways how to get colfa and utsa back in front again 
"osama bin laden is dead  i am frankly relieved, yet wary of the future  regardless, may god bless <propfemale> "
"one hour until we can begin to decipher if canada really is changing from the blue-red spectrum to add the orange of the ndp  i know it's canada, but this is electoral realignment we are talking about, folks "
merced jezreel carbajal: so we don't have any football games in the spring?
"got a 44 50 (8 smile  on the evolution of economic thought final  quite some progress since the start of the semester  now done with all my finals, and time to get ready for leadershape!!!"
heading to bed    not feeling well 
