325909b5abfbc415544052b44b0e13de
"i want to be president when i grow up, so i too can spend money i don't have "
why do we screw up the things that mean the most to us?
"we love what we love  reason does not enter into it  in many ways, unwise love is the truest love  anyone can love a thing because  that’s as easy as putting a <propfemale> in your pocket  but to love something despite  to know the flaws and love them too  that is rare and pure and perfect "
"your past constantly vies for control of your future, but at the end of the day you have a choice  at any time you can decide to be the master of your <propfemale>, rather \than a victim to your past  your new beginning can begin today "
a man has only one escape from his old self: to see a different self in the mirror of a woman's eyes 
uconn wins again! i love march!
sunday morning can't get here fast enough  hoping for great news  fingers crossed    smile 
uconn up by 6 at half  let's go huskies!
uconn big east champs! time to go dancing!
today has been a great day so far  hoping for great news in a couple hours 
finally getting to catch up on all the tv i have missed in the last month  thank god for hulu 
the worst prison is a closed heart 
if you tell someone you will wait for them you will be waiting forever 
been at hospital since 4 with chest pain  doctor says i probably had minor heart attack due to stress  what else can go wrong?   sad 
you spend years loving someone and when you really need them they aren't there 
one way or the other everything will change monday morning 
life is about personal choices  you can't live your life waiting on others to make thiers 
uconn vs  cincy  let's go huskies!!!
uconn by 8 at half    smile   let's go huskies!!!
"i love <propfirst> barkley, but wtf is he talking about? the big east is the best conference in basketball  ohio state would have been  500 in the big east "
time to see if san <propmale> state is for really 
at <propfirst> in a million in <propfirst>  about to see if it is as good as advertised on man vs  food 
about to hit the cheese cake factory     smile 
love shouldn't be a game of chicken 
watching glee and thinking about someone    sad 
bowling with the kids  wish my baby was here with us 
uconn vs  sdst  let's go huskies!!!
uconn 36  sdsu 27  half   let's go huskies!!!
uconn 74 sdsu 67 final  bring on zona duke!
i miss my baby  can't sleep   sad 
every decision you make changes your world forever 
success is the best revenge 
uconn vs  arizona tonight for a shot at the final four  can't wait 
uconn vs  arizona about to tip off   smile  wish <propmale> was here to watch it with me 
uconn by 7 at half   smile 
uconn wins! going to the final four!
goodbye kansas  the last number 1 has fallen   smile 
the final four is set  uconn vs  kentucky and vcu vs  butler  let's go huskies!!!
"hi ho hi ho, off to work i go  still missing my baby tho   smile "
 smile    uconn vs  kentucky tonight  atleast i get to forget about all the stress for two hours 
uconn by 10 at half  go huskies!!!
uconn wins!!! uconn vs  butler for the national championship monday! lets go huskies!!!   smile 
sitting outside watching the kids in the pool   smile 
i think today is going to be a great day  big ghings happening   smile 
uconn vs  butler  go huskies!!!
my baby boy is sitting on my lap watching the game with me   smile 
now my baby boy is asleep in my lap while i watch the game   smile 
uconn huskies 2011 ncaa champions!!!    smile 
flash over substance       sad 
some people don't realize what they have until it's gone  and some don't even then   
you are the choices you make 
the most valuable thing in the world is time  it's the only thing you can't get back so don't waste it on people that aren't worth it 
today has been a great day! had pizza and went bowling with my family  i am really happy for the first time in months   smile 
"it is easy to fall in love  that is why it is called \falling\""  once thrill wears off and things get hard then you find out if you really love someone """
i have never been number two in anything and i am not about to start now 
you cant be my soulmate because you have no soul 
"\listen carefully because i mean every word of it   \""\",325909b5abfbc415544052b44b0e13de,hello world  looking forward to another great day  hoping for good news about my puppy  love you <propmale> 
some ppl just arent worth having in your life 
we will miss you <propmale>  i love you 
"your daily horoscope - aries\changes to your primary relationship are coming, changes that will bring rewards and opportunities to you both  keep your eyes open for changes involving people you have worked with in the past  while some of these relationships will be challenging, the ultimate changes will be good "
so do you believe that people can find their soulmate? i used to 
"you can not change the past  just learn from it, move forward, and try to atone for your mistakes "
good morning everyone 
i love and miss you <propmale>  i wish there was something i could do to turn back the hands of time and fix everything  i guess only time will tell if the love we share is enough to bring us back together  i will always love you 
i am going to give you the time you need to figure out what you want and need  i love you and will be here when you are ready  i will help you in anyway you will let me  i will always love you 
wake up every day and make yourself a better person than you were the day before 
there are some people you wish you never met and some people you wish you met sooner 
about to go to the river to bbq and go swimming  but i still can't get away from work  have to take a call at 3  ugh!
why would anyone ever get into a relationship knowing they don't want it? why tell someone you love them when all you really want is to be single and sleep around? can someone please e playful lain that to me?
"you wouldn't believe it, if you seen it  i watch the skyline light up every evening  its like i'm dreaming  baby what i mean is, most of ya'll don't know that this my world "
