b68e8dc91a8ffb09103e61d7306e10b8
"i am new at this facebook thing, ya'll won me over     i guess it's a good way to keep in touch with everyone  i'll try and get some recent pictures of the kids up soon "
"ok i am proud of myself, i put a bunch of pictures up  hopefully there are more of the children than of the animals, so ya'll don't think i'm a terrible mom  in my defense, there's 7 aniamls and 2 kids, lol "
ok i just realized all the captions i put next to the pictures did not work for some reason  i'll figure it out tomorrow i am tired  smile 
it is!! people have been on me for ages to this  everyone says if you won't send pictures then at least get on facebook dammit! i promise i'll put captions on the pictures tomorrow so ya'll know what you are looking at 
going fishing today!
"is tired of taking kids to swimming lessons, she's on her 6th and final week "
is addicted to mafia wars 
"would like for everyone that knew my mom to take pause today, and think about some of your favorite memories with her  today is a hard day for me  i celebrate her life all the time, but i am not to the point that i can do that without the tears yet  she was my very very best friend  she was the most wonderful, loving, caring, kind-hearted compassionate person i have ever known  continued    "
  continued    i could always count on her to be my port in the storm  she was so full of strength and bravery  my fondish wish is that she is looking on from heaven from time to time   and she can see my beautiful children  she can see the grandson she always wanted    and the smart and sassy grandaughter she has with eyes like mine  i miss you so much momma! i love you!!
"it's hot today, and i am feeling waaay too lazy  i have elventybillion things to do and i feel like going swimming with the kids  smile "
is getting ready for my baby to start first grade in one week! my how time flies  <propmale> and i aren't going to know what to do without her all day   
"8 years ago today i was on my way to work with my brand new kitten tinkerbellle  i was going to get her shots, i was listening to a cd    and i had no i dea what was happening   i got to work and my good friuend <propfemale> met me at the door    both of her parents worked in the pentagon, she could not contact either    that started off the day that changed the world   "
touchdown!!!
yaaay <propfemale>!!! what a game!!!
is aggrivated 
"is excited that fall is coming, it's the best time of year! it's nice and cool today, in the 50's with some rain  we may evne have to turn the heat on tonight  chili weather  smile  i can't wait for the leaves to start turning, it's so pretty "
"sick again, ick "
"the leaves are changing, the air crisp   i love fall in colorado "
"haha, <propfemale> will keel you! he's looking at you <propfirst>    "
"chicken fried steak and gravy, homemade cream corn, fried okra, biscuits, sliced cucumbers and fresh sliced tomatos    and of course sweet tea    nothing like bringing a little <propfemale> to colorado!"
"needs a fricking vacation, lol "
2 feet of snow and counting    pics to come!
happy birthday to my wonderful husband! i love you baby!!!!!!!!!
gobble gobble   
happy thanksgiving too all my family and friends! i just pulled an apple pie out of the oven and it smells soooooo good  i love you guys and miss you all  i am also very very thankful to have you in my life!!
"so at the welte household, this is our thanksgiving quote pf the day  \dead turkies don't eat marshmallows\"" gotta love 6 year olds  smile """
is freezing!!!
feeling frustrated and stressed
"getting ready for christmas, and grandma <propfemale> to get here  smile  the kids are so excited "
haha!!!! go dawgs!!! man did we ever stomp those nasty texans in the independance bowl   hehe
pale pink!
rip trouble  sad  you were a loved doggie    we'll miss you 
"my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance      93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does      and make this your status for at least an hour\"",2010-01-23 17:24:14""",b68e laugh c91a8ffb09103e61d7306e10b8,"getting ready to leave to go get <propfirst>, wish me a safe journey!"
"went to bed with a headache, woke up with a worse headache      can i get a d surprise ver for today?"
"shoot me now, just make it quick and painless "
"ugh, it's snowing    a lot   "
"<propmale> and <propmale> are at the er     we have had a rough couple of days here at the welte household, keep us in your prayers "
"mothers' day declaration ~ i wanted you before you were born  i loved you when you were born, i saw your face and i knew that i was in love  before you were an hour old, i knew i would die for you  to this day, i will  this is the miracle of life  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life  i sure do!"
"happy mother's day to all the fantastic moms i know! and happy mother's day to my momma, you are always on my mind and forever in my heart    i miss you    "
"it's going to take me a week to recover from that grey's finale  i made <propmale> watch it with me and he had to keep telling me to calm down, lol "
awww thanks guys for all the wonderful birthday wishes   i feel the love!!!! i cannot believe i am going to be 29       
i can't find my video camera!!! <propfirst> and <propmale> are holding hands and dancing in the kitchen to <propfirst> <propmale> and it's so cute 
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member or friend who have lost their battle with cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for one hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many people wont copy and paste this  i did  will you? june is    cancer month? ?\\i miss you every single day mom    every single day   "
ok i love this new phone           so e playful ect more random thoughts and images from me!!!!
"monday morning sucks, lol "
has anyne seen the road      i watched it last night and it had me literally sobbing!!
"leaving tomorrow for our first vacation in over 5 years, and our first family vacation ever!!!! i'll be putting pics up so keep an eye out  smile "
"omg are we there yet??? <propmale> is trying to wipe boogers on savvy      so she is screaming  <propfirst> is making loud cow and horse noises, and i need to pee!!!"
we are having a good time!!!! <propmale> is doing well and savvy is her normal wild child self  <propfirst> is enjoying herself  she taught <propmale> how to feed the fish
"if you have a man that works hard to take care of you, would do anything for you, that makes you laugh, that's your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who is your world & that you're thankful for every night, post this as your status to give the good men the recognition they deserve, because great men are few & far between!!"
holy moly it's going to be 101 again today     i'm melllllting     wait that implies i am the wicked witch of the west  i think i need more coffee     
"annnnd here's the morining's quote from my darling 3 year old baby boy \ look! mommy has boobies! <propmale> wants boobies!\"" thank goodness he e playful ressed that in the privacy of our home """
will someone that plays frontierville tellme how to change to full screen mode and zoom in a nd out??
"remembering the life of the most wonderful, amazing woman i have ever known  even though it's been five years today i do not miss her one bit less, nor does a day go by that i don't wish she was still here with us  i love you mom  love "
at swimming lessons with savvy    only 2 more to go!
why is it impossible for me to go to sams and get just what i need???
on the road to becoming a medical transcriptionist    wish me luck  smile 
"so <propmale> was sitting behind me in my computer chair, wildling flailing his hands around in my hair  i asked him what he was doing    and his reply? \i am getting the bugs out mommy\"" nice """
why does it always sound like a lunatic asylum in my house?
"we are at savvy's first soccer practice  <propmale> is mad because he wants to score, lol "
"so is it wrong to be excited about halloween already? we had our first little cold front this past monday, and i could almost feel fall in the air  it's been absolutly gorgeous during the day and a <propfemale> bit chilly at night  bring on fall !!!!"
"ok since i already broached the halloween subject     what are everyone and thier little ones going as this halloween? <propmale> wants to be <propmale> from <propfirst> brothers, and <propfemale> wants to be <propfemale> peach  i think ishould be a tavern wench,and i thinkmatt should be a viking or a pirate "
"what a *gorgeous* morning today! it's going to be right around 80 degrees and <propfemale>  i was watching the weather and i had no idea september was the sunniest month here in colorado  it's <propfemale> about 300 days out of the year here   even when it snows  anyway, looking forward to getting up in the mountains this month and seeing some fall colors "
"good morning my facebook friends! looks like today is going to be beautiful outside  i could really feel fall in the air this morning, it was in the 40's when i took savvy to school  i loooooove this weather  smile  i hope everyone has a terrific day "
"absolutly cannot wait 'til <propmale>, april, and the kids get thier bootys uphere to colorado  i have been looking at houses!"
ok people it's early and i already need a d surprise ver for today  it started out with a tire blow out on the way to school and has gone downhill from there 
"i ? my husband: if you have a husband who makes your life interesting, full of fun & who's been with you through thick & thin & who's a blessing in your life, & you are proud to be married   copy & paste with your wedding date ? feb  23rd 2002"
is worried sick 
what a play! go dawgs!!!!
at loco's in qtown watching the dawgs 
"actually that would be valdosta, i am distracted by all the yelling in here "
awwww dammit!
go dawgs!!!!!!! go go go!!!!!!
"was so good to see my aunt <propfemale>,  uncle <propmale>,  <propfirst> and april today  i have missed them!"
"flying home with <propfirst> tomorrow  it was wonderful to see so much family, but i am ready to go home now  i miss my babies!"
on the way to jacksonville to fly home!
"is back in town in one piece  it was really wonderful to see everyone  smile  now i have to get settled back in and start getting ready for thanksgiving, i am so excited this year!"
grey's anatomy is back tonight! yay!
"does anyone have a tried and true homemade mac&cheese recipe? i need it to be creamy and cheesy, not runny, dry, oily, or greasy  lol    a tall order i know "
is ready to get on with things!
"soooo my facebook friends, i want to hear what everyone is doing for halloween!! what are you and your kids dressing up as? any special plans?"
"ok it looks like this nasty little indian summer we are having is slowly going away  it was 92 yesterday! i do not live in colorado for 92 degree late september days, lol  today is 85 though and tomorrow is 80    so maybe we are getting back to normal now "
"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you?  wink "
"grandma's pecan pie inj the oven    the house smells divine! i added some chocolate so we'll see how that turns out  if you are in the neighborhood, come over for a piece!"
soooo i had to make just *one* more trial pecan pie  i think the last one needed a touch more chocolate and 5 minutes less in the oven  i had to make another to be sure!
"ok it's going to be hot again today  i am about ready to bitch slap mother nature  it's october, i have been patient all summer, and now i am ready for fall dammit!"
i am thinking about trying a new recipe or two for thanksgiving  april i didn't see you online call me so we can consult  i am so excited for turkey day!
ninja!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i like it in the car!
it's friday! what is everyone up to this weekend?
had a mouse in her house this morning! you cannot imagine the commotion that cute little guy caused 
"it's almost halloween weekend! we have trick or treat streets, pupmkin carving, scary movies    it's going to be a fun weekend!"
going to see paranormal activity 2 tonight  hopefully i don't pee my pants or embaress <propmale> 
"hey my frontierville peeps, is there anyone out there that can plant 5 sunflower for me, and then let one of them wither? pretty please! i would be happy to return the favor if anyone needs "
happy birthday to my precious baby boy!! i can't believe he is four today    
thanksgiving is only three weeks away! i can't wait!
"at the salon early, woot!"
it looks like it might snow out there today!!!
the first flakes are flying!! i knew that was a snow sky  smile  i love it!
"only two more weeks til thanksgiving! i wrote out my menu today     i am so excited  we cannot wait to see <propmale>, april, grayson and tristan   and daddy too! what a blessed way to start the holidays "
happy birthday to the most amazing husband anyone could ever ask for  i am lucky i get to spend the day with him because it's snowing  happy birthday baby!
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again   i thought of you today, that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and the days before that too  i think of you in silence, and often speak your name  i <propfemale> the memories, and your picture in the frame                 re-post this if you have someone in heaven who you miss everyday"
who's ready for thanksgiving?!
"april, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and grayson have safely arrived in colorado  <propmale> is on his way home with them, and the trip was good!"
i am so very thankful for all my friends and family  we have been having so much fun with the walls! can't wait for tomorrow!!
"i am so lucky to have april for a best friend, she rocks  smile  love you sista!"
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from \your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday \december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to \your status to invite your friends to do the same  smile "
i am so bummed about our lack of snow thus far  i need a couple of feet to make up for it!
"tree is up, decorations are up, outside lights up! now i need to start wrapping all the gifts and maybe i'll be done by christmas, lol "
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be part of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour  to honor those who died because of cancer and those still fighting it "
"fa la la la la, la la la la"
yay <propmale> for finishing finals!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! love y'all!!  love 
so let's hear some of those new year's resolutions   
sick and not happy about it!
"getting ready to get my cooking on tomorrow! greens, black eyed peas, <propmale> and cheese (thanks for the recipe april) cornbread, fried chicken, homemade cream corn  yay for new year's dinner!"
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower, armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 1% are awesome, and will re-post this "
