d7f9c3b55da733e6aab720aba56981a9
sk8ing
shop 2morrow
party last night was cool sundays are always boring though
sports banquet l8er! hell yeah!!!
didn't play in the scrimmage 
sat for 2 hours in practice
basketball game we're gonna win mutha fuckas
birthday tomorrow
snowwww!!!
game tomorrow
away game tomorrow
we lost 
awesome christmas
still sick
ready for the game tomorrow
blahhhhh
maloney today
sk8ing
i think that i am way funnier than <propfirst> i should make stupid videos and desrtoy him lol
i'm sooooooooo bored!!!!!!!
got a new phone! practice tomorrow at 11 
still haven't started my projects
game 2morrow at platt tech
jets rule
jets lost!!!!!
saints mutha fuckas
basketball practice
nba all-star game
half day tomorrow!!! oh yeah and capt : (
you ever been the opposite of happy   : (
blahhh!!
:' (
after all those monsters and gummy worms im over it
fruit punch rockstar!!!!
i know you all will cry over this but the for is gone!!!   :' (
got cut first day of tryouts! >: (
half day today
think i wanna sk8!!!
started running yesterday  all-state next year!!!
going skating : )
awesome day  dude who runs the church kicked me out b4 i could do the 7 set   sad     smile 
skating again!!!!!
awesome day again!!! skated with <propfirst> and <propfirst> at the hotel 
skating!!!!!!!
219 consecutive olies today!!!!!!!!!!! beat <propmale> dyrdek by 4 ollies!!!!!!!!
working out and running!!!!
ain't never gonna stop  ain't <propfemale> gonna forget  all i can be is me 
going skating! goodbye rain!
school today  sad    at least were in shop 
done working out bout to       na not doin homework 
"when i skate, when i'm in school, even when i'm with my friends only one things on my mind "
everyone has at least one fear  mine just happens to be dolphins  seriously!!!
oh my god!!! best dance ever!!! daffodil festival next!!!
"first the dance, then the daffodil festival, now rain! still an awesome weekend!"
"i'm so confused, but my feelings haven't changed "
ugghhh!!! i can't even skate i'm so confused 
we did it!! me and <propfirst> gomez sang 1000 bottles of beer!!!!
going skatin at washington park!!!
at home waiting for everyone to get out of school
broke my board yesterday so i cant skate 
"haha cops can't catch me, a white boy, and my brother "
"went skating,hung out with my baby,and got to go to the mall "
skated all day but im missing her
"monster energy \bfc\"""""
ow!!! lol
who wants to buy me a monster today??? lol
monster!!!! skating!!!! food!!!!
owwwww haha  i  love   monster
i need monster!!!! i  love  u 4eva
this hurts so bad u have no idea 8-(
it aint broken hahahaha
skating+eating+drinking monster annoyed ife  love 
pesnut butter and jelly why r u so good??? do the urkel walk!!!
u can run and tell that homeboy home home homeboy
can't wait for cross country training to start i miss running with the team
just got back from running bout to eat then a shower  love 
going skating again > smile ----< 
this guy just nollie laser fliped to <propmale> wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!! > smile ----< 
going skating > smile -------< 
ms  <propmale> for homeroom
iiiiiiii nnn      nnnnn     neeeddd monster  love 
i miss how we used to <propfemale> out every day  sad 
tell me why i just went running for an hour at night im cold haha
just got back from running ran 8 <propmale> 4 on flat then 4 with hills
i'm gonna kill it at todays race!!!!!!!!!!!
school  crying  lol
one more day til the weekend!!!!!
ran race in 19 smile 3 not bad but i need alot of improvment
going running
monster  love   love   love 
<propfirst> <propmale> fell oh my god waht the hell!!!!!!!!!
wilox 3 and 0 hahahahahahahahhahahahahaahahaahahaaha
i'm so pissed we lost even if that oe place wouldn't have helped i still feel like i let my team down
we l-m-f-a- surprise - surprise - surprise -o
lets go wilcox!!!!!!!!
city champs!!!!!!! plat tech on friday then we go to conference!!!!!!!
division champs awesome night!!!
i miss you  love   wink 
ready to go skate today!!! christine love 
sooooooooo hungry!!!!!  wink  cf love 
skating tomorrow and nothing else > wink -<---<  christine love 
skating then hanging out with christine love  love  love 
blah school tomorrow can't wait to see u  love 
its raining soooo im gonna go run lol christine love  love  love 
i've made my decision                i'm gonna play tennis!!!!!!!
i miss u more than u even understand and i cant wait til friday  love 
i neeeeeddd monster now!!!!!!!! > sad 
awesome week not!!!!!!!!!
thanks for all the happy birthdays guys lol
i want to skate  crying  lol
i'm on that squampy status lol
sick  crying  lol
wprd of the day: pedafile  smile 
i'm starving
monster love 
which song is better <propfirst> <propfirst> or dirty <propfemale>
blah itss tooo early haha
just finished watching pumkinhead and killer klowns from outer space i love 80's movies haha
can't go back to sleep :i
nba 2k10 all night smile 
theres 30 days until march skating weather smile 
my fish is awesome
theres tooooooo much snow
green and yellow!!!!
about to go skate
the wind keeps blowing my board away  sad 
i just ate sooooooooo much fried chicken haha  wink 
crazy night haha
i got my permit!!!!
you keep the sunshine save me the rain
we gonna toast these niggas pop tarts haha
i want a pet mini giraffe
i love the celtics  crying  soooo much haha
im so lonely  crying  hahaha
i don't want to make soups 2morrow!!!!!!!!
work+payday=  smile 
broke my board but i skated all weekend awesome haha
dude i want mini sharks sooooooooooo bad  smile 
i wish sidewalks were trampolines then we could bounce everywhere  smile 
i'm never going to another buffet again it only reminds me of how much of a glutinous pig i am haha
haha me and <propfirst> walk down my street and what do we hear a rooster in someones house hahaha  smile 
