71d67f0f2b9dba29e14e162b2e120226
has pt tomorrow  sad 
salaam chetor asti?
"excited for \exodus\"" break  sad that i only get to leave the 22nd to the 31st """
i'm going back to monterey today   sad  i don't wanna go!!!!
most of the things on my facebook is upside down lol
????
 ?? ??? ??? ??? ?? ??? ???????
dari is fun when you actually know what is being said to you and know what to say back       which rarely happens   sad 
chocolate is awesome!!!
alalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala
 ??? ???? ?? ????? ???? ????  ????? ?????? ????  ??? ???? ???? ?????
severyone signs off before i have a <propmale> to reply to chats or comments  sad 
i hope i do better on this set of tests that i am taking this week
i dont like school right now  sad   i dont feel well and i have a headache but i cant do anything about it     *sigh* all well
"back to my normal, always tired self hahahahaha"
yay!!!! i have a 4 day week of school!!!!! but i still have to go to base on friday to sit around and do nothing  sad 
"i wnat to burn all my school books, my computer and my invisible ipod "
i hate people who tell you you have to do things last minute or tell you to do something and change it last minute so you cant change your plans 
in class again  class break is over  sad          well i have a class trip to fremont tomorrow so i guess it could be worse 
llama!!!
just did my 2nd semester presentation  hopefully i did well 
dari has messed up how i speak english  i am <propmale> understandable than what i was before this class and that is quite a feat 
hello people!!!!!
today is thursday yay! tomorrow is friday!
thank god it is friday!!!!
internet is working yay!
hi everyone! hope you all are doing well 
today is going by really slow!!!
mondays are not fun
study hall is torture 
i miss class  i feel like my brain is turning to mush! ido nothing but stamp stuff and i'm running out of things to stamp!
i like it on the dining room table 
in the hospital getting induced 
baby's constant crying makes me wanna cry too
got to love getti g up every two hrs to feed baby  well i get to see a lot of weird stuff on tv while i feed her  watching parts of <propmale> horror picture show right now 
i have a new iphone yay! it is a early chrismas present from hubby 
not sleeping tonight  oh well  hubby is lucky 
"been up for an hr cuz of baby  she complained she was hungry, threw up and now wants more food  this mommy wants to pull her hair out "
i get to see my family soon yay
tomorrow is going to be interesting  me and baby <propfemale> are flying to new mexico  i think i see her being extremely fussy in the near future  oh well 
wish baby didn't need so much stuff i have to bring my mongo suitcase for a week!
<propfemale> handled the flying really well  i'm sooooooooo glad
who needs sleep? not me that's for sure 
"sorry for the silence everyone  i haven't done much on facebook recently  me <propfirst> and beautiful <propfemale> are doing good  <propfemale> is teething and me and <propfirst> are planning our move to san <propfirst>, tx  i'm not looking forward to a very long drive lol"
have nothing to do this weekend 
i'm hospital waiting to visit my opa in icu
sleeping on the floor     not as easy as it used to be  not enough blankets  <propfirst> packed them all  not fair at all so much for planning ahead 
out processing in the rain sucks  especially since the papers i need are getting soaked grrrrrr  i guess it could be worse
thanks everyone  i'm doing ok  getting ready to leave on saturday  i'm not looking forward to the drive but i guess it could be worse  i hope everyone is doing well  i have to go feed <propfemale>  bye everyone
