b900ea95f02cc5d27794cb688fb2db2e
hoping for a good new year 
got good grades this quarter 
thinks that some men are just born to be jerks 
is happy that her cousin graduated from cal poly pomona this weekend 
wishes that some men would see the error of their ways 
"cannot wait for anime e playful o, and is sad that <propfirst> mays died "
worried about her step-dad because he might die this weekend  his cancer has gotten much worse 
is about to see what is to come 
is not looking forward to saturday 
is waiting for someone to slap her in the face 
is wondering why people do the things they do?
is waiting to see what the future will hold 
is having fun with her relatives  not!
has a contusion and is putting a hot towel on her head to get rid of it 
"is feeling much better today, and cannot wait to get back to classes "
cannot believe anyone would be a fan of kanye west after what happened on the vmas tonight 
"is wondering if someone in her life truly cares for her, or if he is just using her?"
"says maybe we can work things out, maybe?"
"says it looks like there is a light at the end of the tunnel, and health insurance companies cannot no longer discriminate people who have a pre-exising health condition "
doesn't get how some guys can be so clueless 
so glad she is waiting and is finding out what life really has in store for her 
"is getting her brother's information from his computer for the first time in three years  step-father took it from her, and now she is taking it all back "
"cannot stand being on campus for 14 hours straight, unless she has a lot to do, which she does not at the moment "
doesn't like <propfemale> very much at the moment  advising everyone not to buy <propfemale> dimension e520 desktops 
"finally has her <propfemale> laptop and her <propfemale> desktop fixed, but at what cost?"
some people just baffle the mind 
is going to go through a lot of changes and is going to learn how to deal with them one day at a time 
"new sink, new faucet, and <propfemale> paid for a new computer because the <propfemale> dimension e520 was declared a lemon  i am so damn happy right now "
is having to deal with a lot of things at one time 
"was electrocuted this morning, and now she doesn't feel right "
"the work, it never ends   "
"says that the english department at cal poly is out for blood  no more cutbacks, no my class cuts, and no more unit cuts! tell president ortiz that we want our college back!"
getting ready for things in at cal poly pomona to get worse  wondering how to fight back?
"got a new external hard drive for a really, really low price  feeling pretty happy right about now "
is waiting for the fun to begin 
"saying happy halloween, be safe, don't eat too much <propfemale>, and party like there is no tomorrow "
says happy halloween and feel free to check out the new photos 
says that it is back to studying 
"waiting for my niece's baby to be born, she's due today!"
"is writing her essay, but is having trouble coming up with anything    thinks that she might be out of ideas   "
says that the revolution will be televised 
says that her niece just had a baby girl!
"is feeling all warm and fuzzy inside, but not for long "
"thinks that life is a test, a test to see how much you can handle before you break "
is making a statement!
says the revolution starts tomorrow 
"is ready to go to bed, but is still thinking about her draft for class  has it finished, but is wondering whether or not she should have cut more out of it?"
says that ucla stole cpp's thunder! we didn't even make the 6 o'clock news!
says she went to medieval times for her birthday and it was awesome  has found a new love for lances and ancient torture devices  wants to know more about medieval history 
"says \two more days until i get my pumpkin pie\"" """
"it's my birthday, <propfirst> twain's birthday, <propmale> <propmale>'s birthday, and <propfirst> idol's birthday!"
says that students for quality education is going to ask for your help!
"says that sqe is going to ask for everyone's help in making sure that there are no further cuts to the csu and ucs  this goes out to everyone in high school and community college, we are going to start asking you all to sign petitions to help us keep our universities "
"was up for several hours completing her essay  feels extremely tired, and feels like she is ready to drop dead on the floor  coffee not helping   "
working on her research paper and learning spanish 
says two down and one more to go 
is ready for christmas vacation!
has her grades and is on winter break 
is getting sick of the holidays 
"says <propfemale> christmas, happy holidays, and she is ready to go to sleep now "
just wishes she could find out what is truly going on with her stomach 
"says \happy new year\"" to everyone and don't you all drink too much """
"happy new year's everyone, in case i fall asleep before the ball drops!"
says that the first day of classes are insane  i hope that everyone got the classes that they needed 
is in the madness that is the cal poly bronco bookstore! may not get her books today and is very frustrated about it 
says that cal poly bronco bookstore was madness  ordering online would have been much better 
"cannot believe what life throws at her, but is accepting it for what it is "
"says that grandmother is doing better, but aunt will be here next week  oh joy!"
can't wait for thursday!
is seeing that you cannot control what life has to throw at you  be thankful that you are alive and try to live life as best as you can before it all goes away 
just did a few hours of spanish studies while trying to deal with her family drama  someone please help me!
is getting mad at her spanish book  mi libro de texto es no muy bueno 
is getting signatures one cal poly student at a time 
"is ready to go home, but has spanish class next with a professor who is muy malo!"
wishes that she had a break 
"one paper due today, and one paper due tomorrow  i am going to be exhausted after this "
march 4th will be the ultimate day of action 
"to the the students of cal poly pomona, please support february 25th, 2010  \change for change\""!"""
"staring at her theater book, and wondering if she should read it again after she has already read it three times?"
"last reminder: \change for change\"" at cpp in the university quad at u-hour  wear white shirts and black arm bands """
"watching the 10 o'clock news right now, and still haven't seen sqe on there yet "
going over her lines for her shakespeare final 
says that life is full of surprises 
"i hate my spanish professor and i hate my spanish book  this class is a waste of my time, my instructor is terrible, and i am so frustrated with this class that i could scream!"
i cannot wait for spring break  i am dying with all of these group projects and papers 
confined to my house until i finish at least half or all of my spanish studies tonight 
fui estudiando español y shakespeare por siete horas 
going to really hate finals!
"i have accomplished one thing this week, and that is <propmale> of negotiation "
it's a race to the final exam finish line  i am so exhausted! i cannot wait for spring break 
cannot wait for spring break  two back to back finals tomorrow that i am not at really looking forward to 
"is very sick  possibly the stomach flu  has been attempting to get a hold of her last study group to tell them that i cannot make it, but i am not hearing back from them  i am so sick i can barely move around and i feel weak "
is not getting much better and might possibly have to go to urgent care if things get worse 
"is so glad that finals are over, feeling slightly better from yesterday, and very angry at kaiser permanente for the aggravation i had to go through today when getting my asthma medication  i have pay $105 for a prescription that i used to only pay $20 for  totally p***ed off about this "
"went to big bear and saw \alice and wonderland\""  great day """
estudiando español para español 251 en primavera 2010 
playing the waiting game   
got just about everything taken care of today 
is so relieved right now  has her grades in and her gpa is still intact 
spring break is almost over    back to classes i go   
"back to classes, back to chaos!"
is wishing her brother were here right now  i really could use his advice 
"is asking the big questions, and is seeing few answers "
is slightly relieved for now 
"needs to study, but just not in the mood "
procrastinating badly on her studies and i think that is because i am having massive trouble getting a look at my classes on blackboard 
"i am sick of being a scape goat, and i won't be anymore  if anyone thinks of treating me like a scape goat again, i will tell them to go to hell  oh, and happy easter to those who see me as person and not as a sacrificial lamb "
"wishes that i were like hiro nakamura from \heroes\"" had the power to freeze time """
"something seems off  i cannot put my finger on it, but something is off "
"in memory of a 19 yr  old <propfemale> buried today, and countless others who have given this country their lives!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour  there should be no excuses from anyone!!!! this should appear in everyones status  please do this    in memory of all fallen soldiers, marines airmen and sailors!"
"going to study now, and i am hoping that i do not pass out while i am studying "
my mom and i are about to make a really tough decision 
"going to find ways to reduce my stress because if i don't begin really living a less stress live-style, i know that i will regret it "
"grammatically, spanish and english are not as different as people think "
"when it rains, it pours, and then it floods!"
time   
"frisky <propmale>, my cat of almost 14 years, passed away today from feline leukemia  he passed on at around 3:15pm, april 15, 2010 "
i woke up this morning looking for frisky  i miss him  i don't have <propfirst> and i don't frisky 
"had a nice weekend, and then had to go back to classes today "
"today is going to be the beginning of a new day for me  no more negative thinking, and i am going to get my life together "
happy birthday frisky!
trying to see life from a positive perspective 
"thinking to myself \life is a journey and not a destination\"" """
it feels so good when i am caught up with all of my studies 
"getting ready to watch \v\"" """
"got to campus, fired up my laptop, only to find out that my class was canceled today  oh, and happy cinco de mayo everyone!"
grammar of modern english is the class that really will kick my butt this quarter 
"laptop had an accident  thankfully, i bought that warranty  sadly, i have to resort to using my desktop for two weeks "
life sucks without my laptop!
"says \happy mother's day\"" to all of the moms out there!"""
"had brunch with grandmother, mom, <propfirst>, and my boyfriend at knott's <propfirst> farm  by the way, the food was awesome!"
happy mother's day to all of the moms out there!
"and just when i thought that i was done with drama, it comes back  i am really beginning to hate my own gender "
"cousins are here from montana and they want to spend time with the family tonight, i have studying to do and lots of it, and i have a test tomorrow and friday  my cousins have what is called \bad timing!\"""""
it's official! i am going to summer school this summer so that i can get out on time 
why is it that i can never seem to win an argument when it truly matters?
"life is like a test, if you pass, you go on to the next level, if you fail, then you go nowhere "
"sometimes, you just have to face reality, even when you don't want to "
"some people just love to kill your dreams, and those are the people that will one day see their dreams crushed as well "
"why do the elderly love the color \yellow\""?"""
"if cpp switches to a semester system, i am going to cry!"
"having new siding put on my house, and it is looking pretty good "
i am so excited! my laptop is home where it belongs and the siding on my house is almost finished 
happy memorial day everyone!
"men! help me out here: why is it that when we women have something important to say to you men, something that could save a person's life or something, you all still choose not to listen? please, enlighten me here!"
my cats are insane!
"i am slowly, but surely getting finished with my stress management take home final "
thank goodness this is finals week because i am going to need a break 
"yeah, my house is finished being remodeled!"
"it's been one hell of a quarter, and i am glad that it's over "
so    did you all feel that earthquake? i was in ontario when it happened 
i am hoping that good things really are worth waiting for because right now my <propfemale> is wearing thin 
people astound me sometimes  every day i am amazed by what people do to others with or without even realizing it 
"how i feel does not matter because someone else might feel it too, but in a different way  how i feel may not matter to anyone, and it might fall on deaf ears  either way, does any of it matter?"
i am so happy to finally have light back in my room again  i missed having light so much 
"some people need to understand that when you are in a college or public library that it is a place for reading and studying and not for socializing, but who actually remembers this anymore?"
"well, i could not get <propfemale> groomed today  <propfemale> was not in the mood and she was trying to get away from the groomer at all cost  she is going to be 13 years old soon "
"finished reading all of \scott pilgrim\"" and now i cannot wait until the film and the sixth book come out """
this argument for speech class might end up killing me 
"has been studying for hours, and i am still not sure how i am going to argue my topic "
my com 204 class is driving me nuts! arguments are not my specialty 
one more week of com 204 and i am done 
"i'm back  i was in the hospital for a few days, don't worry, i'm fine, but i need to take some time off for a while "
"since i have finished reading all of <propfirst> pilgrim, i cannot wait any longer to see the film and i really do hope that it doesn't disappoint my e playful ectations "
today is a great day! there are many reasons to celebrate 
went to laguna beach on saturday and the california science center today  i love the beach and i am beginning to love mummies 
i do not like my new neighbors! they threaten to <propfemale> me just because i told them to move their stuff away from my house 
electricity will be shutdown in a few hours  i will not be able to use the computer 
"i went to the angels game tonight, they won, but i don't enjoy baseball that much  it's boring "
<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world was epic!!! this film was awesome  i couldn't stop laughing   i laughed so hard that i was crying  this movie was great 
"why can't my mother and her sister just get along? anyway, feeling slightly better, i was in a <propmale> funk  seeing lucky's sweet little <propfemale> face really made my day  he is so cute "
"i had nothing to do tonight, so i went to acapulco in <propfemale> bar and pigged out on enchiladas  i hadn't had enchiladas in a while, and i was having massive cravings for them "
my neighbor across the street are the worst people ever  it is 102 degrees and they have their poor little dog out there in the heat  what is wrong with these people?
"i hate lab test  i paid $10 just to find out that nothing is wrong with me, and to feel so tired that i didn't even want to move yesterday "
"finally feeling better, and just watching television "
"my mom's television just broke, she doesn't know  please don't tell her or call her because i am going to film her reaction to this when she gets home to turn on her television  for the record, my grandmother was the one who discovered it was broken and she also in on this "
"fail! total fail! the television was still working when she walked in, but i know that it will just be a matter of time until it doesn't work again "
it was already 83 degrees in my house at 11 smile 0am  this is going to be one hell of a summer!
"well, it's 91 degrees today, so i guess it is cooler than yesterday?"
"still awake and watching \mystery diagnosis\""  i feel like i should be a doctor after watching so many episodes of this show """
"in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it  put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copyand paste  i did  will you? show love to those who are in the fight"
"if you all love legos, watch channel abc 7 tonight because there will be a story on the legos "
several people i know have a birthday on the 9th of september  too many september birthdays 
"put this as your status and see what people rate you: 1 = crazy, 2 = i'd marry you, 3 =talkative, 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = goofy ,7 = moody , 8 laugh umb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny, 14 = in shape, 15 = amazing ,16 = tough , 17 = cute ,18=       gangster, 19= nerd , 20 = i love you"
"happy birthday to my grandmother <propfirst> who is 90 today, my friend <propmale>, and my friend <propfirst>  seriously, i can't believe you people were all born on the same day!"
thank goodness it's friday!
i went to the knott's <propfirst> farm chicken dinner restaurant today  those biscuits are heaven 
"sitting in the living room with my mother, while she is watching my television (her television finally passed away on 9 11), and she is watch a cubs game and i heard the the super <propfirst> bros  theme song being played at the game  that was so cool "
"okay, everyone i don't have much time, my internet is dying on me tonight  the ready light keeps flashing randomly on my internet box  sos "
"okay, looks like my internet is working for now, but for how long, i don't know, anyway i am making the most of it in case it dies on me again "
"went to the doctor today, wasn't as bad i thought it would be, but it wasn't as great as i thought that it would be "
"wearing those salon pas pads on my shoulder and back and they feel so good, especially when my shoulders and back have been hurting for as long as they have "
ready to go back to classes this week 
getting ready to go back to cal poly this week  hopefully things will go well this quarter because i don't want to end up in the hospital again 
"sitting on my bed, next to my little lucky  he's so cute, so precious, and he is the sweetest cat that i have ever had  i love him so much "
"i am so sick of my mother's games  it's getting to the point where i am ready to leave her, and i never want to see her or speak to her again "
can't wait to start classes on friday 
going to take a really long walk  might be gone for hours  need to vent my frustration right now before i lose it 
one-hundred and eleven (111) degrees fahrenheit in pomona today  it's like an oven out there 
chaucer and spanish going to kick my butt this quarter  not sure what i got myself into 
"my computer says that it is raining in pomona, but i don't see it "
"<propfirst> lohan,24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett,27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson,21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, christophergoeke, 23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are all marines that gave their lives this week, no media mention  please honor them by reposting this "
finally got all of my studying done  didn't know that i would have this much work in one weekend  i feel a little sense of accomplishment 
"looks like it is really going to rain, but it is only <propfemale> "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
"okay, i made cooked squash with onion today, and it was good, but i put a little too much water with it  this the first time i have done this, and it was a learning e playful erience "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
not in a good mood right now  had a massive problem with blackboard  i am beginning to hate technology right now 
"someone gave me pumpkin pie today  and to that person, you're my best friend forever, thank you! i love pumpkin pie!"
"in a very happy mood right now  the neighbors from hell, who live across the street from me, have finally moved out once and for all "
it just poured down rain all at once  good thing it didn't rain on me while i was outside 
"made squash again today, and it came out better than it did the last time "
"to all of my sigma tau <propfemale> friends, sorry i can't make it to the meeting tomorrow  i will be training for election day "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
"so   tired   saw jeph loeb again today, got a picture this time, and i also got <propfirst> mignola's autograph  good times "
saw jeph loeb twice today  both times were by accident  this is last years lbcc all over again 
"had a pretty good halloween, but now i am exhausted from my weekend  went to lbcc and met a lot of awesome people  sadly, another year without a picture of <propmale> <propfirst> and me "
worked at the election polls and voted yesterday  accomplishment!
it is 98 degrees and climbing  a hot day in november    when does this ever happen?
"everyone, i need you all to stay away from me until sunday  i have the flu  how i got i don't know, but i am assuming that it came from someone in bld  5 at cpp  if any of you have classes in bld  5, brace yourselves, you might have it too "
"is walking with jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support me:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
it's been one of those weekends folks 
baker's classes were cancelled again today  i am really worried about her and i hope that she is okay 
"it has been one hell of a day  classes were cancelled again, the room for one of my classes was changed, and my step-father and his son are trapped at sea  wonder how the rest of this week is going to go?"
i feel like certain things are in limbo right now  my classes certainly feel like they are in limbo right now 
"going to bed, can't worry anymore about anything because it's all just nine hours away  hoping my professor is well and that she will show up to class tomorrow, and i am hoping that my step-father and the people on the cruise all make it home safely "
thanks to all of the men and women who are serving our country 
"step-dad and the people from the cruise arrived on shore at 8 smile 0pm, and my instructor is out of heart surgery and recovering  this really has been one of those weeks "
today looks like it's going to be a good day 
"walked for jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
"angry right now  trying real hard not to be because i have a midterm tomorrow, but i am furious "
one more month starting at 12am tonight for tron legacy!
"took my midterm today, and i feel better since it is over "
i love fridays! today was a great day 
finally caught up on all of my journal entries!
"walked for jdrf to find a cure for type 1 diabetes on sunday, november 7, 2010  follow this link to support:  http annoyed  walk jdrf org index cfm?fuseaction=extranet personalpage&confirmid=87878701&sr=facebook"
"one more week of classes left, yeah!"
having massive writer's block  this isn't good especially since this is my last exam 
going to black angus with my grandmother for my birthday 
the day after my birthday    let the madness begin!
"happy hanukkah everyone! sadly, on this festival of lights, i have to work on my essay for eight crazy nights!"
brain    feeling    fried    need    some    time    away    from    computer   
"i found my muse for my essay, and her name is <propfemale>! (okay, <propfemale> isn't one of the nine muses, but she is going to be my muse for my essay )"
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same "
"i have finally gotten rid of my writer's block, and it's all thanks to a greek nymph called \echo\""!"""
"my essay is finished, and now i just need someone to look at it a critique it for me "
"my one and only grandmother, <propfirst>, is in the hospital right now  to those of you who know her, my number is (909) 319-0846  contact me if you all need any more information "
"my grandmother's in the hospital, my allergies and asthma are acting up, and i just finished finals  it's only tuesday, and already it's been one of those weeks "
"well, my grandmother is still in the hospital, and what is worse is that i have laryngitis  this is not my week  i am thankful that finals are over for me and that i don't have to worry about that "
"okay, name off all of the things i can do to get rid of laryngitis  i have halls, green tea, chicken soup, water, vitamins, oranges, orange juice, tylenol (extra strength), kleenex, and plenty of rest  can anyone name anything else?"
"just drank green tea and took a few hall cough suppressants  the tea made me feel a little better, but i think that i might have to drink more to break up whatever is in me  i am going to fight laryngitis with every thing i have  i hate being sick, and i will do whatever it takes not to be sick  i am sick of being sick!"
grandmother's going to be in the hospital for a few more days 
this laryngitis that i have is going to get the beat down of it's life 
"using robitussin chest congestion to get rid of this laryngitis  like i said, i am fighting this off as much as i can "
"day 4: my grandmother is still in the hospital, and i still have laryngitis, but at least it is not as bad as tuesday "
"i hate having laryngitis  hate, hate, hate it!"
"day 5: getting over the laryngitis, and my grandmother should be coming home from the hospital today "
"grandma is out of the hospital, but for how long, i don't know  my laryngitis is getting a little better, so hopefully i will be back to normal by sunday "
"okay, grandmother was not admitted to the hospital yesterday, yes she went to the er, but she is okay now  my family is also putting me in charge of taking care of my grandmother "
"final grades for the quarter, one a and two bs  this is good news, since the bad news is my grandmother might be going back to the hospital again, and i have bronchitis  my doctor confrimed it  this is going to be a fun christmas "
things might be looking better today  my bronchitis is settling down (thank you antibiotics) and i am taking my grandmother to see her regular doctor because her doctor seems to be the only one who knows what to do with her 
just took medication for cough  hungry for crackers 
"tron was visually stunning  the story was okay  oh, and lucky broke his collar this morning  well, he's two years old, go figure "
going to be another long week ahead of me  more doctors appointments and more specialist to see for grandmother 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! it is a very <propfemale> christmas for me! kaiser permanente  gave me the greatest christmas gift that i could ever ask for!
i had a great christmas! i got the gift of six months without having to pay co-payments and medication  i got a lot of great gifts  this was the best christmas ever!
another fun filled day today   
hoping that i am not coming down with bronchitis again  please let this be allergies 
"silver surfer is in the shop, my back is killing me so i am wear a salon pas patch, taking care of grandma, and wear moisture gloves (my hands are as dry as the mojave desert thanks to this weather) "
being thankful that i am going to the doctor tomorrow  the headaches are getting worse and i can't seem to stop sneezing  i am having to sneeze every hour on the hour 
drinking my latest creation  i am going to have a fiber overload 
"five hours of studying and four hours of dealing with grandmother  i need a break, i think the new boxes of tea i bought are calling my name  too bad, there is no sleepy time or nighty night in the set "
restless 
"well, i have to purchase a new vacuum cleaner  my kenmore of four years sucks, and not in a good way "
allergies and asthma suck! thank goodness for modern medicine 
"can't believe this came back on me  thought that i was over it, but it just won't back down  my arch-nemesis bronchitis is back  time to go into this one with antibiotics blazing! die bronchitis! die!"
"looking up information on <propmale>, socrates, plato and aristotle  sadly, <propmale> is not as interesting as shakespeare  he doesn't even begin to compare "
my lucky <propfemale> is a bundle of energy  the <propfemale> is wreaking havoc on my house 
midterms are killing me! i might be stuck at my house or the cpp library all weekend 
"cleaned my house, dealt with dubby (<propfirst>'s cat), and now doing my best to study "
i want to get these midterms over with  i am studying so much my brain is fried 
"needs to sleep, but is worried about all of the things i have to do between now and wednesday "
"writing papers, studying for midterms, writing papers, studying for midterms   "
"her doctors, her two daughters and i told her not to drive, and what does she do   ? she drives the mach 2 to my house  the woman is a glutton for punishment "
"three days of study groups, studying, and finishing my paper, and now i have a massive headache "
not sure about my second midterm  really not feeling too good about it 
fear    fear of the unknown    fear of what is to come and what will be   
"time    something that i never, ever, have enough of   "
"papers, papers, and more papers    and i midterm next friday    it just doesn't end "
"heard today that borders is on the verge of bankruptcy  if you all can, just now and then or every weekend if you all can, buy a book  doesn't have to be e playful ensive, it can be under $20 or under $10, but just buy a book  make sure these book stores don't go out of business "
got a b on my <propmale> midterm  i am relieved because that was brutal 
four more weeks to go  i just have to muster up as much energy as i have left and get myself through it 
"my last midterm was canceled today, and is now scheduled for monday  not too happy because i wanted to get it done and over with today, but it's out of my hands "
"my allergies are out of control this morning, and i am taking nearly every allergy medication known to man "
common sense    why don't more people have it?
"to everyone out there: happy <propfirst>'s day! and, to all of my single friends: happy singles awareness day!"
"okay, got rid of all of the negative energy in my house  now it's time to get a good grade on that next midterm "
watching the watson kick <propmale> jennings butt is so much fun  i love that computer 
"this is a sad day  the borders in montclair, ca is one of the 200 stores closing down this year "
i edited an essay that made me cringe  wondering why some students choose the <propmale> that they do?
"saw the \store closing\"" signs at my favorite borders today  ready to cry  i have been going to this borders since i was in middle school and it is still hard to see it go """
feeling strange tonight  don't like this feeling 
"feeling better this morning, did some mediation and some aroma therapy  need to keep myself calm and relaxed "
the feeling of relief has just flowed throughout my entire body today  i can now breathe a little easier today 
"my mom got the thin mints today! so happy! if there is one good thing that i can say about the girl scouts, it's that their cookies are awesome!"
"big weight has been lifted off of my shoulders, but as that one has been placed off of my shoulders, another has been put on them "
"<propmale> was cancelled today, so now i am working on all of the things that i have to do for my other classes  this is going to be a long week "
"sometimes, i wonder about people  i really, really, really wonder why people do some of the stupid things that they do?"
"getting real worried about this debate tomorrow  trying not to be worried, but i am worried "
"okay, things are finally coming along  i am breathing a little easier now "
<propfirst> is back! and she is ready to kick some debating ass!
time to work my butt off 
"finished with one thing, only to find out that there is more to do tomorrow "
finished two out of the three of my finals  just one more to go 
"okay, english scholars, and non-english scholars  use a picture of your favorite author for your profile "
my heart goes out to the people of japan right now 
"finished with finals  now i just have to turn in my extra credit work on monday, and i can have a happy spring break "
playing the waiting game   again    this is going to be a long night 
"omg, i cannot believe how unreliable some people can be  i did my part, and i e playful ect my group members to deliver  why do i usually get stuck with people who are not willing to do what they need to do?"
the feeling of relief  what a wonderful feeling! it's great when group member finally deliver 
freedom!
"okay, i know what two of my grades are going to be, now i am playing the waiting game for the last one "
"life is so short and so fragile  before we know it, it's over, and then what do we have to show for it? what have we accomplish?"
"my friend <propfirst> just found 4 newborn kittens in the trash at azusa high school  their eyes aren't even open yet  please, i need help finding a mother for them  please re-post this! these kittens will die soon if i can't get them the help they need  come on guys, they are just babies and they need a mom!"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & he studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting on makeup hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying!
"okay, i have come to the conclusion that i am ocd about my gpa "
top o' the mornin' to everyone!
"just when you think that you have seen and heard it all, you have seen nothing yet "
getting ready to do a whole lot of spring cleaning!
rain    lots of rain   
"long beach comic book e playful o here i come, oh and acc the weekend after "
"crisis adverted! so glad that i was able to add the class i needed, since one of my classes was dropped "
i am so hoping that it is not going to be one of those days 
"today is one very busy day  the cats have to go to the vet for their shots, and my mother and i have to move things to get the carpets cleaned  fun, fun, fun   "
"i am afraid that a friend of mine might do something stupid, and i hope that for his sake he doesn't because life is too damn short to do something that you will end up regretting "
"spring quarter 2011, and it's already starting out with a bang  my mom hurt herself at work today  she is now walking on a cane  it's bad enough that grandmother uses a cane, but my mother as well? *face palm*"
what does it take for some people to realize what common sense is?
my mom is home today  she twisted her ankle and bruised her hip at work yesterday  none of you would believe how it happened 
"keep your friends close, and keep your enemies as close as humanly possible because before you know it, they will show their true colors "
"i have to wonder why there are so many stupid people in this world? because in the last two weeks alone i have seen people do one stupid thing after another, and they don't seem to learn from their mistakes, or they don't seem to see their mistakes at all "
this has really been one hell of a week  i can't wait to go to may cousin's party tomorrow because i know that drama won't be much of a problem there  i like drama free situations 
the truth  some people are just not will to accept the truth 
