1f36667d32a73118313053650daf722a
"well, happy new year!!!!!"
it really amazes me how people change so drastically in a short amount of time!
"dude, my thighs don't work! ahhhh!!! krazy <propfirst> made me run bleachers! but, i enjoyed it!"
"done done done!!!!!! so, so happy! estoy alegre!!!"
i have an a in accounting and an a in spanish so far   can't wait to see the other two!      kinda nervous    
"so   it's a b in biology   but one more class to go! it's either a 3 5 this semester, or a 3 75  not to shabby "
quiero ir <propmale> antro   ya!
"dang it  i made a stupid b in my comm  135 class  welp, 3 5gpa is what i got  pooper"
"well, moving out of shreveport tomorrow morning! just so ya'll know  back to the south with me!"
bitter sweet moment guys   
"hasta la vista shreveport, la "
i'm finally in sulphur! woo hoo    maybe??? just looking for something to do!
been in sulphur for 1 day and already want to go elsewhere 
"well, day two of the sulphur saga   got some plans for tomorrow  we'll see if they can hold up "
time to go eat! no internet on my computer blows!
whelp    ahhhhhh!!!!!!
yay! goin' places and having a little fun with some friends! woo hoo!!!
goin' the the guitar and drum studio tomorrow   yay!
"dude, i've been up since 6am and need to go to bed! i have such a big weekend this weekend!"
gotta wake up at 4am to go to baton rouge   fun??? not when you've only had 13 hours of sleep in the last 3 consecutive days added together 
to baton rouge i go
got and apartment near campus at lsu br  movin' in on january 11
rit-ard
quiero ir <propmale> antro!!! ahora!!! por favor!!!
time to go get my passport book! yay! bft
"i feel like a giddy lil kid right now  wow, i haven't felt like this since i was a lil kid!"
"just when life can seem to get you down, something even better picks you right up "
"watching alven and the chipmonks, 'the squeakwal' today with my first cousins "
"<propmale> and the chipmunks, 'the spueakuel' was a worthwhile watch  funny as can be "
tired 
for the first time in his life is most likely going to turn down hunting   
"dude, do all of the clubs suck in the lc area??? jeez"
wants some chips and salsa   but it's too cold to go to the store and get it!
watched 9  it's ok
"dude, do you ever feel a certian way; but it's not quite appropriate to discuss the subject at the time being?"
hair cut appointment at 3pm! i need it for sure!
job interview tomorrow in baton rouge! woo hoo
sooooo tired  but the show must go on
ok! gettin' ready to go out! woo hoo!
just got home from going out  dang i'm whooped 
wow   so tired!
"man, list of things to do   move out of la after graduation   end of list"
"dude, heck of a day tomorrow  movin' to baton rouge to start a new life at lsu! oh boy"
in baton rouge chillin' with the roommates  heck ya
first day of work today  throat feelin' kinda funny  no gettin' sick!!!
"got my drum set all set up, first staff meeting at 5pm  life is gettin' better by the minute!!! big spanish test tomorrow tho   "
studying for my spanish test in himes hall tomorrow morning  woo hoo 
"took the spanish test, got to the next level! yay"
"flakey, flakey people "
"may get the opportunity to <propfemale> out with someone cool, and not flakey tomorrow  seems like it's gonna be a cool enough day "
"ohhh    of to orientation, and spending lots of my cash! not quite kansas    "
i just got back from lsu transfer orientation   my feet are killing me!
hey everybody  look at my profile pic and tell me that's not hilarious
"work at 8:53am this morning  haha, it's that crucial"
workin' out with on of the roommates today  gotta nap first tho!
youtube is full of the best videos ever  i e  coldplay
go no!!!!!!
rockin' out
woo hoo
rockin' out at my place tonight  gonna be good  if ur in br stop by
happy mlk day???
those of you who don't think the band mute math is awesome   you need to re-evaluate!!!
pickin' up some sweet threads at the mall today  and gettin' some stuff for the pad  hells ya
you're bein' a lil to liberal wit the punches there bruh  markeith da juiceman <propmale>
i really need to get into the spanish 1152 class  i'm on the waiting list   number one in the line up 
my new pics and vids are absolutely priceless 
hello everybody!!!
"been rockin' out a bit much the past few days  ready to chill  the pad is starting to come out nicely, and with any luck i'll find some cool new friends to invite over soon for some r&r "
chillin' in the crib  need to finish decorating it tho  so much homework to do!
encanto la lingua de español!!!!!
encanto la lengua de español!!!!!
voy a la clase de español  me late
finally got to spanish class!!!! i can almost navigate through lsu now!!! yayaay!!!!
"dude, so worn out  now it's time to take a trip to oppolussus and back   "
just got back from lafayette    time to crash
quiero ir <propmale> partido ahorita!!!
"woo hoo!!! all nighter!!!!! hey, 318 if you wanna come have some fun!!!!"
gsp vs bjp  gsp will always win 
"on to opelousas to pick up the roommate, then homework, then the saints game!!!!!!!!!!!"
colts won!!! now it's the saint's turn to bring it to the table!!!
colts vs saints at the superbowl    i think we all know what that outcome's gonna be
done with school and work  now it's time to study!!!
"i really, really need some new clothes  it's starting to drive me up the wall for real now "
it's only 7am and i'm tired  going to bed early tonight   really early
didn't go to bed as early as i wanted too   but everything is a  o k !
tired as heck and getting corrected on my grammar 
playin' basket ball with some newly made friends today!
"for those of you who don't know  i don't have internet in my apartment right now, my roommate forgot to pay the bill   so i won't be able to chat much for now  text me or talk to me in class!!!!!! sorry!"
got the net back  yay 
all i want for my birthday is a really good nights rest   i doubt that my roommate are going to allow that
it's my birthday  woot
i feel really bad  my alarm didn't go off to pick up my roommate   or even to go to class    
"how would i describe myself??? three words: hardworking, <propfemale> male, jackhammer, merciless, insatiable "
"i'm so, so messed up       "
yay!!! it's a new day!!!
"wow, everybody has definitely bailed on me today   "
i gotta stay flyyyy-yy-yy-yyyyy-yy-yyyy-y-yyy-yyy!!!!
got some new threads   now it's time to nap before the play of -isms  it's gonna be fun!!!
watchin' some south park after an awesome party!!!!!
"dude, my roommate <propfirst> holmes is the bomb diggity for bringing home that block of ham  mmmmmmm!!!!!"
got some speakers ordered for my drum set today! yay! now time to do some homework   but i gotta watch the pro-bowl first!!!!
oh boy! all i have left to do is a heaping mound of spanish homework! how could i now be optimistic right now?
i'm ready to take on this miserable rainy day!
"pretty sure that what i just got done doing took 3 times as long as it should had   not cool, not cool "
i absolutely cannot focus on what i know has to get done! it's driving me bananas!
hey! apparently i look like <propmale> cook! is that a good thing??? lol
on to my spanish class!
got my speakers for the set!!! ready to rock!!!
facebook is one of the biggest distractions on the planet! so hard to concentrate with so many cool people to talk to!
"what is something good to eat at 12am    ? not fast food   hmmm      so, so hungry"
"dude, busy day today  lots of homework and little time to do it "
"as soon as i get off work, it's on to econ and then to the library to finish all of my wonderful isds bs lol"
woo hoo! isds time! and i'd much rather be working out right now
"dude, i walked from lockett to the circle k on burbank in the freezing cold and rain  i'm so miserable i could just roll over and die"
ready to rock and roll
i made a 100 on my isds pre-test! all thanks to <propfirst> whitted!!!!! thanks bruh!!!!
i had a really good night tonight  it's time like these that make you feel like life is going in a good direction 
building a loft bed for my room today and then going to bww's to watch ufc 109  gonna be good
ufc 109!
poor <propfirst> coleman   didn't stand a <propmale> against the natural  b-dubs is the place to be for ufc!
i can't believe that hell froze over tonight  throw all the old saint's jokes out the window 
"plenty of stuff on my plate for this week  lots of tests, cleaning, work, and hangin' out to do!"
i am so hungry  and i still have so much studying to do for my biology test  gross
"ya, got the hook up for some free taco <propfemale>  score"
got some cane's  now i'm full!
up early for some good ol' studying  biology awaits!
why do blondes smile when lightning strikes???        cause they think that their picture's being taken!
what do you call a row of blondes standing ear-to-ear?                wind tunnel!
"dude, life is so unpredictable   it really freaks me out sometimes "
playin' some serious drums! i love drums!!!
what would you do for a klondike bar?
"ok, i have 2 more hours to finish studying for my bio 1002 exam   it's crunch time!!!"
time to detox a bit and got show this test who's boss!
dude  i wasted so much time studying for my bio exam that i forgot to study for my spanish test in the morning  i really hope class gets cancelled so i have all break to study for it!
"i'm so frustrated!!!!! forget studying, i'm going to go to sleep   i have a test at 8am, 3 more classes after that, and then work  i may just go insane from insomnia "
school is still on today 
school is on and the buses are runnin'  today is going to be one of those days    
"i think that i made an a on my spanish exam!!!!! me gusta la clase de espanol! deseao aprender la lingua de espanol tambien, pero <propfemale> dificil con otras clases "
a toast to new friends!
"dude, i can't even function  i was going to pick up markieth at work, but i feel asleep on my computer desk  i'm just glad i got to send him the text! paranoia can wake you from the crazies sleeps!"
off to work for 7 hours! no sweat!
"upgraded my speakers! yay!!!!! now everyone in the apartment complex will be able to hear me playing! lol, jk"
"do you ever get a really good vibe sometimes, for no logical reason?"
i've had some much needed rest! time to clean up the room and chill with markeith da juiceman <propmale> 
let the soreness commence! maybe i shouldn't have worked out so hard   i have a feeling that this is gonna hurt more than usual! bring it on
i'm so excited!!! i get to <propfemale> out with someone really cool tonight!!! yay!
happy mardi gras all you crazy coonasses!!!!!
"facebook open board discussion!!!!! if you could make a holiday for anything, what would it be???"
so much crap to memorize for econ 2000  i hope the test is pretty easy   didn't study a whole bunch this weekend
"<propfemale> eliminators at guitar center, half price  thank you drum-gods!!!"
"ms  <propfemale> say's that i'm her big, hairy pink guerilla "
i had fun at school today
got called into work  gonna make some money!
day walkers!!!!
another day of unscheduled work = mas dinero!!!
"4 sho gonna go get some endless enchiladas at on the border tonight with my homegirl <propfemale> peltier, then it's icecream and movie time!"
likes your status
work work work school school school work work work
awesome-o 4000
spanish club meeting at 6pm tonight!!! so pumped!
"it\s nico\""s birthday!!!!!!!"""
met ms  lsu at the spanish club meeting today  that's pretty cool 
isds =average(d3+u3*m3+b3)
where does a general keep his armies???                    up his sleevesies!!!!
"hey, if anybody's in baton rouge and wants to jam   let me know  i'm gonna have an open mic night at my place on friday at 7  there's a lobby and everything, and i'll have my latin set with me  i want some guitar players and singers! or who ever else that wants to play an instrument"
good times!
i made a 100 on the isds exel pt 1 pre-test on the first try  eat my socks dr  <propfemale>!
(mis-communication + one-sided apathetic demeanor + procrastination) + ryant = ryant stressed!
those of you at the burbank commons don't forget about the jam session at 7 in the clubhouse!!! free food!!!
this party rocks!!!
"you find out who someone is when they're drunk, thank you god for self control "
soooo much to do today  gonna try to make it to n o   gonna be a stretch with work at 9am tomorrow 
all i have to say at the moment is omg
slew of tests this week   never ready for that   atleast i've got some cool stuff planned tho!
so   who wants to take my biology exam for me?
do you like fish stix???
anybody in my spanish class who needs help on the pages we have to read for class can feel free to contact me  i will help you get through it 
<propfemale> gusta tu estado
the concert was sweet!
hates it when exams are nothing like the study material
nap time! work at 4
<propfemale>!!! there's a snuke in you snizz!!!!
"ok, time to rock out the econ homework   and the span homework   and the bio homework   and maybe some isds homework     crying "
my amp is coming in on the 11th!!!! yessssss!!! gonna get krunk up in here!
is about to go nutz on this internet! it won't cooperate!
"this is for all of you who still think that love is a fairy-tale    get real!!! no such thing!!! idk y i put this, but it's true "
double-bass is comin' along! gettin' better and better every practice session!
needs a vote: should i skip econ 2000 just for today to get some well needed sleep??? what do y'all think?
"school, work, school, exam! then hw   "
just wants to <propfemale> out!!! but nobody can because of mid-terms!
what happens when you get served and you serve back??? same episode
tough times
time to rest up for some exams in the am and pm! joy
big test in bio today at 11 smile 0  exam #2   i hope this one goes better than exam #1 
"in one of the canadian episodes of south park, what does the 'city wok' double as???"
"according to <propfemale> n  <propfirst>, crawfish cure anything and everything!"
goin jam out with <propfirst> duhon
"workin' the grooves, drums til' death"
somebody check ur watch    i think it's almost time to party!!!
me and <propmale> andrés rodríguez delfino just got back from hitting up 3 parties!!! ¡puros huevos! jajaja
is about to take his last midterm exam  wish me luck!!!
i so hungry
"\sure you can trust the government!!!   just ask any indian   \"""""
puttin' the foot down
"i just walked into a public restroom and wondered, \why are the stalls painted pink    and where the hell are the urinals?\"" then i ran out when i saw high heels under a stall door   """
"mom always said, \it's better to be a smart-ass than a dumb-ass \"" that's why i practice being a smart-ass as much as possible """
"if i didn't love the burbank commons before today, i do now  thank you for the pool"
"well, the crackwalker was o k  the acting was decent, but the story was a bit shy on the developmental side   one character was a bit 'out' of character "
"done with the jam session, now time for the homework session"
objectives of today  1  super clean room  2  do homework 3  jam out with <propfirst> 
bass player and keyboard player needed in baton rouge! please contact me asap
did home work and cleaned up half of the room  not shabby  the rest of the room goes down tomorrow after some studying and new episodes of lost n sp
"organize room, watch lost, go to bed, school-work-exam, study, sleep, exam, go to lake <propfirst>  game plan"
"gotta try to put my smile on, i'm cranky as heck right now   no sleep last night"
i can't fall asleep  this is awful
"i love it when somebody calls at 7 30 in the morning, then cocks an attitude with you when you tell them that it's not a cool time to call "
packin' up and headin' to sulphur 
my phone is officially broken   so not cool at all  stuck in sulphur with a broken phone   until sunday   erg
"planned on going back to baton rouge early   but screw it, going to get some fresh threads!"
"this is where the beast is unleashed, and your foot is chained to the wall  your gonna wish you listened to reason"
"<propfirst> <propfirst> \i would rather have sex with <propfirst> sessler than <propfemale> munn \"" facepalm b-face"""
