90ee9c53dfc34dca4491d9f5dccab84a
spent a great new year's <propfemale> with the best girl in the world   love  happy new year everyone!
just remembered i have homework to code due monday night i haven't started *endless string of e playful letives*
i now has a facebook  laugh 
it's too early to have to get up for classes d=
"everyone watch out for elevators, i think they're planning an uprising against the human race "
how the fuck do you find the slope of a point!?!?!?
two hours left to write a 4 <propfemale> rough draft    and i still have no clue what i'm going to write 
is sitting here facebooking instead of writing his final draft which is due in 3 hours 
"meeting with academic advisor tomorrow, what classes should i think about taking?"
"super bored in class, but that's okay, lol facebook "
"not gonna name names, but the ranger in our dnd group needs some serious aiming practice "
"bus tickets are ridiculously e playful ensive, does not make sense "
yessss!!!! honors writing seminar is for all intents and purposes cancelled!!! don't have to do my homework!!!!
i will allow for the existence of time travel on one condition: the very first thing done is someone goes back in time and murders whoever invented homework 
it's okay everyone! i found my student id card!
"please put this as your status if you know someone, or are related to, someone who was killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  our wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy    but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  (93% of people won't copy paste this into their status) "
just found out there's going to be a <propfirst> bieber movie    proceeding to  wrists
i've gone to one class this week so far     why am i so bad at making me do things d=
"please join me in putting this on your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors  it's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport  velociraptors are, after all, kind of unstoppable  93% won't copy and paste this "
"pizza, short class, and an a on the paper i churned out an hour before it was due  life is good "
i'm surrounded by incompetence  way to constantly fumble guis 
i should really be doing research instead of these quizzes   
everyone change their profile pic to their favorite video game character for video game november!
"whhyyyyyyyyy why did i schedule my fye meeting for tomorrow, i need that half hour for paper writing time "
"almost 2 pages down, little more than 3 to go tomorrow  i might actually finish this and have it not suck "
"only 2 and a half weeks till break    so close, yet so far away   "
hooray! no more essays!
just found out that flash flash revolution is back  am happy 
"playing the best game in history, sonic colors!"
"1 final down, 2 to go"
i'm done  finally done 
"finishing packing, heading back to delaware tomorrow!"
hooray i can access the internets again!
just found out his birthday is national velociraptor awareness day!
"brb, memorizing all the amazing songs in moulin rouge "
"disappointed with the english names of the gen v starters  oh well, i'll always think of them with their japanese names anyways "
caffeinated drink at 3:45 am? that totally sounds like a good idea!
so glad to be back in rochester!
"first sentence of our first handout in data structures: \this week we will be playing a game called 'trolling' \"""""
"sigh, aim, stop being dumb and connect already"
"wish i could appreciate the snow, but the cold i just got is getting in the way  d="
"feeling marginally better after soup, still dreading the walk to class in the snow "
"to all the amazing bus drivers out there who help derpy college students go places and come back safely, we love you  love "
"sorry ethics, it's just not working out between us  i think we should see other people "
mostly packed to go home tomorrow morning! just need to do laundry and pack clothes     uggh when will they learn to wash themselves 
is really happy because he just realized the polar e playful ress will be on tv again!
"<propfemale> christmas to everyone, hope your holidays are as awesome as mine are turning out to be!  laugh "
"just realized i spent 2 hours taking quizzes    why are they so addicting  <propfemale> long, i blame you  troubled "
4 and a half hours of coloring     great way to start college again dx
"raarrgh, facebook stop eating my statuses "
"it is only one in the morning, why am i tired "
why has no one invented vertically floating pillows so you can rest your head and be on the interwebs at the same time   
"so i think i did good on the cs practical     if it weren't for the fact that the code they gave us to use didn't actually work for me, and the si's couldn't figure out why it wasn't working  troubled "
<propfemale> whittington and <propfemale> long have impeccable timing when it comes to asking me questions over aim 
take that stupid cs project! i am done with you -before- the day you're due!  feelsaccomplished
"okay body, work with me  i don't have to wake up until noon  that's 2 hours after 10 am  no need to wake up sooner "
an entire day at rochester without excessive wind? *mind asplodes*
"it started with goldfish crackers, but i get the feeling <propfemale> whittington and <propfemale> long's crusade to straighten out my life has only just begun  what's a guy to do caught between two females   love "
"loves <propfemale> whittington, even when she's too tired to type out a coherent sentence   love "
"why soda, why are you so delicious? t_t"
"why am i so cold, i don't understand d="
if someone ever manages to cure the common cold i will be their best friend forever
i hate this project so much 
"dear fire drill people: all you do is ensure if there was a real fire no one would take it seriously  also, i am cold "
there are 77 stairs from tunnels to 5th floor gibson  just incase you were wondering 
found out that i am old enough to have my childhood shows be referenced on family guy  o o
"so it turns out it's not a good idea to eat a bunch of twizzlers, a pack of chips ahoy, and a chocolate <propfemale> all in one sitting  who would have guessed "
"just remembered that my programming class uses java instead of python  don't even care that the annoying kid is in my section, i missed java soooooo much "
"so reasons why i think i'm going to love modern european history annoyed 1  it covers the only period of modern history that i don't mind\2  the teacher is great and easy to listen to\3  midterm and final are open notes\4  dropping one of the lectures to take the final in class\5  first class was 15 mins "
"lol, my probability teacher is the most adorable distracted and technologically-impaired old man ever   love "
has fallen asleep in every class so far today   troubled 
