c0af036558b0473b1661409363f85be9
found out that my wisdom teeth are horizontal impacted  ;n; should be taking care of it when i come back from college in winter 
"wtf    the left side of my face is numb, i hurt my ankle on an uneven cement step and it's slightly swollen and i thought i just saw my ex in the smoke shop  -_-"
heading out to college on monday  can't wait  *u*
"duuude, there are so many trees here!  laugh  it's crowded and  awesome and i'm going to get so lost "
<propfirst> is the fucking most beast person alive!
i'll be making a blog soon complete with hella pictures and such   smile 
"how would i describe arcata without getting long winded? let's just say i'm drinking organic, hand-blended chai with rice milk out of a <propmale> jar i got at the farmer's market "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
my first 21+ concert!  laugh 
making fresh pesto in a pestle and moratr   surprise  this stuff smells amazing   
i hate this damned anth history paper   sad  i really just need to mind vomit onto the damn screen and make it an actual paper later 
i think cupboard food is in order tonight while i try to pound away at my paper 
"so, as usual, i take my laptop to class and turn it on  and full blast starts my folk metal station in pandora  my laptop being stupid and slow, it played for a solid minute before i could mute it  >x>"
"alright, guess i'll do this number game too  i think it's you message me a number and i post here what i think of the person, via their number  i think that's how it is anyway "
"this is some bullshit, trying to do my clothes before leaving tomorrow and they're stuck in the damned machine! been trying for two hours to get the thing to open up and nothing   sad  worst of all, not a damn thing is open on campus right now; nothing "
"why is it, if you put me in an intl' airport, i get around fine, but if you put me in an airport the size of a large grocery store, i get so lost?"
"so, i'm in la to go to disneyland with the family  and, not much has changed   laugh "
"great, i'm next to a guy who's clearly afraid of flying  clearly   indecision "
"ladies and gentlemen, i am a <propfirst> "
"for night of the living games (an event where r o b o t  is playing 36-hours of videogames straight and collecting donations for get well gamers ), i'll be playing fatal frame 2 at 7pm  someone's convinced me to livestream it, so if anyone wants to watch me get scared or wants to see what i do in college, i'll have the link up soon "
change of plan! i'm on skype  name: baronbridget
i have twitter now  >_>; @anth_kitty
is trying to avoid all of the crazy football people   surprise 
"to my wonderful eppley family: i love you all  but, you guys have to stop clicking on links, go to your privacy setting, click edit settings in apps and websites, click remove unwanted applications and remove everything you don't know  it's how you get hacked, and how i see two of my aunts with the same link spam three other people "
<propfirst>'s day and i'm fighting off a cold  *smacks it across the face with tea * happy v-day everyone!
"holy shit, it's hailing   surprise  and i got smacked by it repeatedly    >_>"
got my new hookah! breaking it in tonight!
"i hate this book  x__x how many different ways can you say the same shit, however important "
"anthropology buddies, need your input  should i do arch  method and theory next semester or wait until next spring for crm?"
