f4128446bd18a47508454dfe7aaf8565
its almost 2010!
5 more minutes!!!
3 more minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wooohooooo!!!!!!  smile 
not much happening right now
"1 question, 1 <propmale>, 1 honest answer  you can ask me 1 question (to my inbox or my chat)  any question, anything no matter how crazy, dirty or wrong it is  no catch  but i dare you to post this on your status and see what people ask you "
school sucks
"just lost our first football game,  sad "
"life                                                              shesh, did u e playful ect me to say any thing else, gosh"
bestesterestest somethin idk
"\perfect football weather\""-coach feilds"""
"lost again,  sad  oh well we can still make 1 for 3 we are going to* destroy aquinas *have to"
life                                                                                                                                          ya
did u kno? well i guess not   
<propmale> <propmale> doesn't wear a watch                               he decides what time it is
"dont be stupid, stupid hurts (i know at least 5 people who can prove it)"
"life hapens, how did it hapen? idk, but it does, we know that"
woohoo!!!!! go huskers!!! 10 to 3 vs  ou!!!!!!!!!!!!! yaaaaaaa
we beat em'!!!!!!!!!! wooo hooo go huskers!!!!
"jeez i havent updated this in a while, that game was ages ago"
hello ppl!!
wooo hooo!!!!!!! i love snow!!!!!!!!
"woo hoo huskers!!!! texas should be crying rite now, were like #22 an their like #3 an we almost beat them except 4 the kick off tha we put out of bounds and the last secont field goal texas can burn bwa ha ha haaaaa!!!!!! (i wanted to post something that i wanted to post a while ago so ya)"
we're prolly not gonna have school 2mro just because it would be 1 day till the weekend and we wouldnt get much done
dangit facebook!! let me see the chat bar!!!!
it works now
derf
"i just got back from my aunts where i spent the night cause the power was out, before we left the drift in their back yard was like 7 feet tall and covered their entire lawn"
"i gotta new phone, the exact same phone, with the same # so ya"
the people i wnat to be on arn't on  sad 
game 2mro!
dude!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 i saw a '71-'82 corvette at the new gas station in <propmale> 2day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"it is friday today, that means 2mro is saturday so ya idk"
"\someday you will find me underneath the land slide in the champagne supernova in the skyyy\"" one of the wierder songs ive heard"""
centenial refs suck
"whats this normal your talking about? omg! is it contagious?!? stay away from me, i don't want to catch your \normal\""!!!"""
it is my birthday in 2 hours and 38 minutes!!!!
i am  fourteen!!!
"umm, well, ya"
"had this wierd chicken and rice thing for supper, it was really good"
i
why does it have to be monday 2mro?
"track was good 2day, demonstrated the high jump, and realized how bad i am at it now  smile "
"what is with some people and posting cryptic, partial things that make no sense?"
"a description of nebraskas weather, thanks to <propfirst> jeppesen: you slip on the ice, fallin the puddle, climb out of the snow, and brush the dust off   very accurate"
"oh my god, you killed <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!, sry, old joke ik, but i had to get it off my chest  smile "
"ran a 6 smile 1 mile 2day, twas awesome, 'cept for now im all tired "
u can die in pole vaulting
"a slush drink, @ 120 <propmale> per hour (2 cars @ 60mph going towards eachother)  will kill you, but if your behind a car windshield, it will only cause the windshield to be impossible to see through and most likely cause a massive accident, oh, and if the widshield was installed right, u'll prolly be covered in sticky cold slushi"
"umm, hmmm"
"life is a tough game to play (no, not the board game!)"
"well, my second easter went well, and my family got to ride to grandmas in my dads 83 pontiac grand prix lj, woo hoo! only thing better would be the camaro but it needs a fuel pump and it has sat in the garage, unmoving for 3 (?) years now   "
longest church service of my life- almost 2 hrs- 8 surprise 0-9:45
"got to ride w  my dad and grandpa on his (grandpas) harly dyna-glide and triumph boneville t100, i was on the back of the triumph the whole time tho, me an my dad diddnt get to ride the harly, but it was one of the best 2-3 hrs of my life!"
"i got my learners permit! woo hoo! drove to my dads work from school 2day, all 6 blocks or so lol"
hmmm    idk
"sometimes idk what to write so i just post stuff like hmmmmm     so thats what i am doing now for the second time in a row, oh ya, i got 4th in 300 hurdles yesterday, idk"
"stupid chat, important conversation killed > annoyed "
"sometimes, great things come at a great risk, <propmale> dekker; three"
rockin out to 2 5 hrs of the who and 3 hrs of led zeppellin!! wooo hooo!!!
"i spent fri  night - sun morning @ a private lake by seward  it was awesome, except i 4got sunscreen so now i have a bad sunburn on the back of my neck  playful "
you know you've found a real friend when u can tlk to them about something over and over and they don't get anoyed
"hmph, im confused, anywase, <propfemale>, get well soon!!!!  smile "
"track meet today was awesome! would have been awesomer if <propfemale> wasn't hurting, but i met some great ppl  lol, muffins   "
"<propmale> seger is awesome  period  just gotta find the right song, theres some of everything      also, get well soon <propfemale>!"
"my thought process-drew half of a cross and mirrored it on the computer looks cool, ig i'll post it"
"im nervous, im pole vaulting tomorrow, and i have never gone over a bar, ever, other thatn that iv'e got 4x1, 300 hurdles, and i think 100, and <propfemale> won't be there  sad  dang doctors"
"oh, hey ppl, what should i draw, im blank, (srsly tho)"
"the track meet was miserable today  sad  on the upside, i did well on my first time pole vaulting, and the boys won again, other than that tho, it sucked, rainy and cold and crap"
"feet hurt, legs hurt, knees hurt, i is going to love this weekend!  smile "
"i, am, idk what, i feel happy tho  smile "
"my amp finally came tuesday ugh, it's been more than a month sience i've played thru an actuall amp it feels so good!!!!!!! lol"
"conference track was awesome!!! and realy tiring  playful  i got like 4th in the hundered, our 4x1 got 3rd and i think i got 6th or 7th in the pole vault (i sucked it up, only clearde 7' 6\ when i cleared 8' 6\"" last meet)"""
i like my tux  smile  thank you uncle <propmale> for never returning the tux u rented for your wedding 15-20 years ago  smile  honors day rocked!
i lost my glasses today when the canoe tipped over   
"yes! freedommmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\*fine print* is only three days away"
"schoooooooooollllllllls out for sumer!!!!! schoooollllls out for ever!!!! (i wish) schoooooooooollllllss blown to pieces (again, i wish)  smile "
i want a '71 camaro so bad      they're beautiful   
"i like long-scale basses, they play so much better for me than the short-scales lol"
second week of summer!!! wooo!
"i'm baaaaa-aaaaaaa-aaaaaa-aaaaaaa-aaaack (in the saddle agaaaaiin)\from wyoming, theres some hotwings there rated @ 1,500,000 on some scale, for reference habeneros are like 1,000 i didn't get to try em tho  sad , u have to be 18 and sign away ur rights  sad , other than that ste scenery was great, and we hiked alo-tuh"
"when life gives you lemons, throw em' right back and add in a few of your own!"
"well, if anyone's tried to txt me lately, sry my phone got washing machine-ified, so it died idk if i can still get the #'s off it @ verizon or not its pretty well killed  annoyed "
"hmmm, well i forgot wat i was gonna say   "
poke me if u ever had a crush on me  like this status if u think i'm a good friend  inbox me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on this if we had good memories  now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this to their status
"well    i washed my phone, and now i re-activated the phone i lost like 6 months ago that i found again, but i lost about everyones # an crap so if ya wanna, my #s 1-402-326-5154, txt me ur name and that'll do it"
"\trying to be the world's fastest trombonist is like trying to be the world's tallest midget \"" \",f4128446bd18a47508454dfe7aaf8565,"i'm gonna post this, cuz i havne't posted in forever   "
"warning: in california life is known to cause; pain, severe and minor injuries, emotions, illness, and even death, to avoid these risks, do not participate in life"
wooo! demo derby tonight!!
"yesterday-monday the    16th, i ordered my epiphone thunderbird pro iv,                               i'm freaking out!!!! its awesome!!!!"
three-four hours on the back of a motorcycle!!! that was awesome!!!
wooo!
its here!!!!! my epiphone thunderbird pro iv is here!!!!!!!!!! it sounds looks and plays awesomely!!!!! i'm in love!!!!! lol i love caps lock too   
mopar six pack     six carbs    v-8    thats alot of gasoline    thats alot of power     wow     i want one    lol lots o dots
ain't it fun
wat to say   
fur <propfemale> on bass guitar     awesome  smile 
"i still remember it was autumn and the <propfemale> was shining\our 60 cadillac was roaring through nebraska whining\doing 120 man the fields was bending over heading up for the mountains knowing we was traveling further\all the fires were blazing and the spinning wheels were turning turning\had my girlfriend beside me, brother, she was burning burning"
if you didn't make a mistake your not trying hard enough
om nom nom
oi  oi  oi   oi  oi      (immitates guitar w  voice)  derrrr den derrrr de dedun derrrr den derrr de dedun derrr den derrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr see me ride out of the sunset on your colored tv screen out for all that i can get if you know what i mean women to the left of me women to the right ain't got no gun got no knife don't you start no fight
"someday love will find you\break those chains that bind you\one night will remind you\how we touched\and went our separate ways\if he ever hurts you\true love won't desert you\you know i still love you\though we touched\and went our separate ways"
"please put this as your status if you know are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  i hope that people will understand the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the empire    continues to kill innocent civilians  93% of people won’t copy paste this  will you make this your status for at least an hour?"
i got a longboard reserved at freeform!!!!!! yesssss!!!!!
everybodys workin for the weekend
i just realized that i constantly confuse fergie and beyonce    wierd
"well tomorrow can go either way right now, great or horrible, idk bout inbetween, weeeee"
"everyone who sees this, say a prayer for <propfemale> roebuck and her family, they need it"
the chior did good tonight  smile 
<propmale> <propmale> and superman once fought eachother on a bet  the loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants
meat loaf!!!!!!!    (the band)
im kinda confused here
dc game tomorrow!!! lets go eagles!!
this is really random    but i want a ka-bar so bad    
"i kinda wish football was still @ 9 surprise 0 2mro, 12 smile 0 is kinda a bad time  throws a wrench in everything"
"confusion    ya gotta love it, especially when u think its just cuz ur tired  playful "
"one of those days,  smile     sad     smile     sad  weee"
"well  purple, ya done good, 11-1 season we were ecpected to lose what, nine of those? good season, made me proud to be an eagle    eleven as one, outa dodge"
"idk why, but the way i feel about somethin is severely affected by where i am"
oh wow thats better     i happy now  smile 
rgh   
translation of rgh: friends are hurting and i can't do anything about it and that hurts    rgh
"still kinda rgh, awell, good friends"
"i freakin hate our society, when its funny to be racist, and sex and drugs are like all people care about  theres no loyalty in a relationship and people get together just to \do it\""     god help us all  freakin culture """
"i like music, its impartial"
i am the walrus    or is the walrus all?
ugh    stupid societys got me down again  annoyed 
"   what a crazy, great, scary thought      your future is what you make it     great cuz yeh, its yours, scary cuz well, no second chances really   "
spiked guitar strap!!! wooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and a watch!!!!!!!!!
my mp3 player finnaly dieded    this sucks and to all you apple fans out there i am not getting a freaking ipod!!! they are way overpriced and i can get the same if not better than an ipod touch for 170 vs 250+ so ha!!!!
"nuffin to do, bored outa my mind i think ima go try and mount speakers onn my wall"
"love it when randomly evrythin drains away randomly and you feel empty but fine, works well"
to all the people who (according to these stupid adds) have a crush on me: i have probably never met you and since you live in lincolin may never    buhbye
"if any1 has a pre 68 shortbox truck for sale that isn't in to bad of shape, you should let me know, stepsides especially"
60 chevy apache!!! i wil prolly never own you!!! noooo!!!
school     ugh
wheeehooo!!!
"heeyyyy, i can play schism by tool now  smile "
"idunno what to post so ima ramble ig, i got my hair (the ballcap flip thing) straightened and i think it looks good enough, it'll be flippy again b4any1 else sees it tho, unless i get back to mollys b4 that but we'll c, i really hope i do tho, i miss her, thats the bad thing bout long breaks when you live outa town, u see no one"
i think <propmale> just figured this out 4 me
im the only person on sound crew     sweeeeeet
stupid self centered racist sexist conformist freaking world
good bad wierd  day    don'tcha love gettin dragged into fights from an hour an a half away
yay! grilled cheese an tomato soup!
dropped megadeth took em to church im like bleach man riyou (?) had the stupidest  verses to is the truth now evrybody's givin him guest spots his stock is through the roof i heard he's f#$%in with escot's        yeh
dah
"missin when ppl used to live in p-dale cough cough <propmale> <propmale> an then <propmale> jaymes keller, ur never home reguardless"
heres hopin tht school gets called off 4 2mro
   im hungry
"oh facebook, where did your fun go?"
"well, i got wireless now     just need the laptop  playful "
meatloaf (the band) is awesome!!!!!!!
tryin to get stuff back in order  annoyed 
why??!?!? the one time i order a new computer    japan has a freaking earthquake and a nuclear disaster!!!!!!! <-- thats my luck      lol
i think we should say screw it and have the trip start tomorrow [thursday] b c it feels really stupid to go to school
11 hrs till we leave!
first facebook post from the new laptop!!!
"<propmale> zombie pwns      dragula, feel so numb, an living dead girl, the songs tht hooked me"
i got to drive a stick 4 tha first time today!!! woo!!! and i didn't do half bad!
