799ef15162d319689ad467254559a83e
celtics blew out the cavs! thats whats up so dig that!
i wonder    if me and <propfemale> <propfemale> had a shorty what would he or she look like!
woke up this mourning with a feeling like the breaks ova! so now its time that i take ova!
i wonder      how many games will it take for the lakers to put out the jazz?
tryna find a gucci fit online to order
on cloud nine from this sour diesel  feel like im flyin so who gne catch me when i land!!!!!!!!!!
im just tired of ppl telln me what i need to change about my life! i dnt understand how they can give advise when they aint got they shyt 2gether plus i feel like only god can judge me so now im on sum rude shyt so keep all ya effin comments about what im doing to ya self cuz ima keep doing me u just make sure u do u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shyt is startn to look up for the kid!!!!!!!!!
just woke up wit a feeling like the breaks ova now its time that i take ova!
"don't worry bout the next guy,gurl i will be the best guy,they lackn lady i will fill the tank for yo sex drive, so catch us up at yo best buy,smokin outside of best buy,on jamaican shyt and i aint talkn bout dreadlocks!"
i swear it feels like all the people that hate me really love me cuz in order 4 u to hate me u have to love me plus hate is a form of love that most people cant e playful ress so they choose to make it negative ya dig!
girl i'll go deeper in yo space whether u ask or not an astronaut need constant rehab baby cuz i seem 2 break yo back a lot
fuck it i give up!im dne tryna make the best situation now im just gne make the best out of my situation ya dig    !
"i know u say u luv me gurl,problem is u probably tell that shyt 2 errbody so me and u talkn boo but i just don't believe u!"
"dear fellow facebookers annoyed \        i f u a hater and u dnt like the way i talk,look, or act fuck u cuz damit im me and i aint gone change just becuz u got a problem with what im doing!get a life and stop tryna tell me how to live mine cuz ima always do me so keep that bulls%4& talk 2 ya self cuz i dnt care!   p s this is for every hater rather family friends or associates cuz if u got a problem wit me fuck you ya dig!"
hope all the mothers out there including mine enjoy they're special day cuz they deserve it! we all wouldnt be here without them so this one of the most special days of the year!i love u mommy!!!!!!!!!!!!
"as i sit bck and exhale the kush smoke i realize 1 thing! \life is good no matta fact life is great and ima enjoy this bich until the wheels fall off\"" ya dig!!!!!!!!!"""
"as i sit bck and exhale the kush smoke i realize 1 thing! \life is good no matta fact life is great and ima enjoy this bitch until the wheels fall off\"" ya dig!!!!!!!!!"""
getn focused on my goals im dne playn games its time to <propmale> my dreams while im still young enough to do so!
i try my best 2 be good but the bad seems to come but bitch niggas i dnt respect ya and i dnt care if thats good or bad ya dig!
yea my celtics beat the cavs again so all u ppl that r on lebrons nuts can get ready 4 elimination cuz rondo killen them softly <propfirst> hill style ya dig!so prepare 4 another loss tonight!!!!!
damn baby u been sayn u cnt find a good man for like the last 5 or 6 years!i think its time you stop blaming us and take some responsibility ya dig!cuz maybe just maybe you r 2 stuck in yo ways and cnt recognize a good nigga when u see one!u got a list like chilli baby thats just greed!but niggaz like me thats the man u need ya dig!
like i said the cavs cnt fuck wit the celtics!we just beat that ass by 32 and lebron only had 15!po tink tink!lol! now we gne finish em off thursday in boston so cav lovers prepare to cry ha   ha   ha!
"classic line\me i want whats coming to me and whats that tony?the world chico and everything in it\""  the best quote ever!!!!!!!!!"""
cursin like a sailor smokin like a chimney im getn money baby u can get it wit me!
now i aint being cocky but im willing to bet money that say the celtics end the series tonight!lebron has been good just not good enough!so who wanna put up 50 on the cavs?anyway i'll be bck on to celebrate and gloat after the game!
"just like i stated the celtics won the game and sent <propmale> packing!i like lebron but he cnt do it himself!quite frankly his team suck!shaq's a waste of sperm,jamison didnt show up and everybody else are nobodies!but the good news is i won hella money so now im bout 2 pop a bottle and take 2 blunts to the head ya dig!its a celebration!"
just got home from workn a 12 hr shift and i think im ready to find me a lady ya dig!cuz aint nuthn better than comin home from a long hard days work and havin ur woman give u a massage and i most definitely need 1 ya dig!so now im on the prowl!!!
just got dne working 36 hrs in 3days and man am i tired! i have never enjoyed sitting on the couch as much as i do right now ya dig!
life is hard but ima keep grindn until i start shinin!cuz it cnt rain on my parade foreva!so i forget about the past and the mistakes i made and only focus on the future which i know is brighter than the sun ya dig!
my celtics up 2 games on the magic now thats whats up!we got the bestd d in the league so u know we getn another ring this year!
random thought provided by the kush affect!: can a blind psychic see the future or can a dirty bum ass nigga be fashionably late or even how come im skyhigh right now but my feet are still on the ground? idk can sumone answer cuz this sour diesel got me trippn!
off the entire weekend and it feels great!so 2day im just relaxing and ignoring the bullshyt ya dig!so if u bout drama take it 2 the dj and leave me be!
first they said we couldnt beat <propmale> then we won 3 st8t an ended the series!then they said we couldnt beat <propmale> then we won 3 str8 and on the verge of sweeping them next game!so please u hatn muthafuckas say that we cant beat the lakers and watch what we do to them!all im sayn is we on like a light switch and blowin out a team that was undefeated in the playoffs ya dig!go celtics!
"last night that im off the 9 to 5 ya dig!so ima live it up 2night so i got the kush who gne bring the drinks?fuck it its all on me wine, cahews, or cheese, this fuckin money in my pocket get whateva yall need ya dig!"
yea im dne wit all the the beef shyt im ready 2 send out this demo album slash mixtape and get it in!so all artists thats talented get @ me cuz gmb mafia and purplebag boy ent  is on the move and tryna put on whoeva take they craft seriously ya dig!so shout out 2 my niggaz u know who u r!its time spfld got on the map!although im in the <propfirst> i got spfld in my heart so lets get it!
gotta head n2 the 9 to 5 a lil later so right now im chilln getn ready 2 make this money and order my new touch phone ya dig!life is good cuz i look good so it is what it is and its money 2 b made so its time 2 get busy!
fresh off a 12 hr shift im so effin exhausted i need a nap to get 2 tired but i aint trippn cuz my bank account makes it all worth it
"i like my drink a lil colder, my weed a lil stronger, my chick a lil wetter, my money lot longer, im rad ,im flashy,and so damn fly,couple blunts of the kush got me floatin in the sky!"
relaxing at the crib getting ready to watch the lakers game!
getting ready to wrk 36 hrs in 3 days so i know im bout 2 be tired but my bank account bout 2 be wide awake ya dig!
1 more day of this 12 hr shift and then im off 4 a couple of days might take a short vacation idk where but 1 is definitely needed ya dig!
"girl i will give u the best of everythang im talkin shrimps and scallops,or vacation anywhere have ya tanning in sahara,or swimming in the tropics,now whats ur favorite topic,cuz we can talk about me putting stacks up in ur pocket! ya dig!"
"girl i will give u the best of everythang im talkin shrimps and scallops,or vacation anywhere have ya tanning in sahara,or swimming in the tropics,now whats ur favorite topic,cuz we can talk about me putting stacks up in ur pocket! ya dig!!"
feeling good outside i think i am gonna go to the beach and get my cali boy surfn on!
i got thousand dolla pockets with a million dolla swag now thats 1 2 million that u will <propfemale> have ya dig!
"i spend money on whatever i dnt care what its costin,im flyer than an eagle when u u are just an ostrich!"
just ordered custom coogi fit with custom jays 2 match so when i rock it have ya cameras ready cuz trust me u wanna pic of this!this shit fresher than a pinesol fabreze orgy ya dig!
pissed that my celtics lost but it aint nuthn we still winning this series in 6 so dig that all u punk ass laker fans!
been busy running errands all mourning i got a hunger headache!i need sum harolds chicken like right effin now!
pissed!been waiting 3 weeks for my phone to be delivered and now that i got it the screen is blank now i have to send it bck and wait for the new one to be shipped to me this sucks!stupid touch screens!
smashing these rib tips and watching the game!this is one hell of a way to start the night ya dig!and might i say these rib tips are umm umm good!lol!
"now thats what im talkn bout another win for the celtics ya dig!we on!ray allen(jesus shuttlesworth) out here breakin records,and rondo got another triple double,i know u laker fans pissed and im loving it!plus aint nuthn better than seein the look on kobe's face as he walked off the court now thats priceless ya dig!go celtics!"
"woke up in the mourning with 1 thought i gotta get it,then i hop up in the shower had my bitch already in it,while she wipe me down i stroke her breast,hopped out the shower soak and wet,im already fly and i aint even put my clothes on yet!cuz they get fly (get fly) i am fly (am fly) ya dig!"
another win for my celtics!and this time the whole team contributed to the win cuz our bench smashed the lakers bench and starting 5 in the 4th quarter so all we need to do now is that very same thing in game 5 and we will be straight!go celtics!
i should get paid for this!i keep tellin yall the celtics is bout they business and aint playin wit the lakers no more now we on sum final game type of ish its gne be ova in 6 just like i said in the beginning so celtic fans get out yo champagne bottles its time to celebrate i have a handkerchief for you laker fans cuz come tuesday yall gne need em!go celtics!
got a lot of money but they say that 2  much will kill ya!so when i die dnt ask why just refucken member!
just nominated @prince1687 to be the first mtv tj #zyncmtvtj
tonight is the night the celtics bout to earn that ring ya dig!eff the lakers and every laker fan let's go celtics!
6 bottles + 3 clubs+ beautiful woman = great weekend in springfield! although i didnt get to kick it with everybody like i wanted to its ok cuz ima be bck there july 2nd ya dig!
she asked me b4 and but i wasnt ready at the time i hope it aint to late 2 make her mine!
for her i gave it my all and left it all on the line but she aint respond in time so now im bck on mine and bck on the grind!i dnt think its time to erase her but i like my drinks straight and i aint gone chaser!ya dig!!!!!!!!!
"fuck a rehab getn money is the habit,all about dinero mula money and the cabbage,u can call it drastic a nigga cnt help it,im all about the money i want it all cuz im selfish!(bars by me <propmale> and its sum real shyt ya dig!)"
"feel like i got the weight of the world on my shoulders and its startn 2 get heavy but ima tough guy and i will lift it like chevy,im just tryna get it til my family aint gotta struggle no more bruh,its 2 much i need a drink bartender gne po up!"
phone just got delivered new nmbr comin soon ya dig just let me get a day off the 9 to 5 and i got u fb world!!!!
get whatever u need baby moneys no object but just know u the only item that i want ya dig!
im so confused idk if iwanna settle dwn or stay single my mind playin tricks on me all i know is i aint got time for the bs so ima let my heart take over and see where it takes me ya dig!
just pissed me off i call to check on u and u wanna hav an attitud so eff it im goin bck to not givn a fuck ya dig!
another 1 bites the dust fb world at first i thought it was bout sumthn then i found out man it was nuthn!im so effin glad i decided to stay single cuz all this drama and i aint in a relationship man that shyt was crazy!now im turnin my swag bck up and getn out here on the prowl ya dig!
woke up with a feeling like i wanna make sum money so i got my mind right laced up the jays and hit the block!being broke is not an option ya dig!
life is great i feel stress free and im loving every minute of it ya dig!
everybody please pray for my grandma becuz she just went to the hospital on sum serious shyt so i just ask that u keep my family in ya prayers!
just got new mobile nmbr 2day so if u want it msg me and i got u ya dig!
"the word for 2day is fun,f u n u hear me i want u to go out and look for sum fun today!"
"great weekend in the <propfirst> and spfld it was a cirroc sponsored 72 hr event ya dig!cnt wait to do it again thanx for showin me a good time spfld, and st  <propfirst>is!"
hey bck in the city ready for the night life ya dig!im bout to pop more bottles than you pop pimples so get ya weight up!
1 more day to wrk and then my 36 hr weekend is finished!u might think its funny but im laughn all the way to the bank ya dig!
"finally got a day off from the 9 to 5 so im dwn 4 whateva!clubbin,getn money  or women it dnt matter im just ready to relax ya dig!"
cnt wait til this weekend! heading out of town to kick it!i havent stayed hme to kick it n the <propfirst> n like three mnths!
phone is messed up so i cnt use it but im ordering one as i speak to you now!so just leave a voicemail with ur nmbr and i will hit u bck but neway my life is still marvelous ya dig!
im on a natural high right now my world is great i love my life and everyone in it so keep ya hating ass away from me ya dig!!!!
"we all have flaws baby its just how we deal with them that makes us who we are!so whether u feel u not cute,sexy or u feel like yo ass to small or ya chest aint big enough baby im here to tell you  perfect the way you are and sumbody out here gone luv u for that! so its time to stop feelin depressed and start lovin ya mind,body,and soul cuz i do!but we as men hate insecure women so step ya game up baby!"
at work bored as hell sumone please rescue me
"she say <propmale> whats wrong i need the very very bestest, not a 7 or an 8 im in search of perfection,so i can say my chick bad way badder than urs,bad face b"
ad body plus she flyer than birds  so who can be my miss perfect?
"man right now the world is spinnin, the sky is falling and i seem to be floating on the clouds! aw my bad thats just the affect of a cirroc sponsored night ya dig!"
i had an awesome time last night just chilled and sat at the lake shore an got a lil tipsy and just watched the sun go down! all i needed was sum flip flops and sum board shorts and it would have been a narley cali adventure day cuz i was swag surfin ya dig!
last day of this 36 hr wrk weekend and i must say im drained but ima go getta so you know i gotta make that bread ya dig!
installed facebook for windows phone
"give me money or give me death ima grind for the money til i shred myself,just tryna live f impressin these niggas,low budget pocket dawgs ol depressin ass niggas! thats my new anthem ya dig!"
the best there is the best there was and the best there ever will be plain and simple ya dig!
can't sleep got this money on my mind and all i can think of is how to keep it and how to get more of it!
man i hate the 1st day bck 2 wrk after the weekend off this ish sucks! somebody anybody please come save me!!!
omg!!!!every machine is dwn at wrk so theres nuthn 2 do i mean i am getn paid 2 do nuthn but i still got 10 hrs left and im hella bored sumbody plz help me cuz im goin insane ya dig!
man i been around women for 23 years and i realized that the more i get 2 know em the less i understand them!female emotions are crazy ya dig!
eff what u ppl got 2 say im bout do me like <propfemale> before so ladies and gentlemen and the rest of the fb world please prepare for the domination of <propmale> ya dig!
wow i just seen this super swoll nigga lookin like he play for the bears wearing pumps and a padded bra and im super high right now so that shit is distu
rbing and funny as hell lmao!
last day of the work week for me i cant wait to get off and party like a rockstar ya dig
went to champaigne last night and had fun time to get it in wit this party n the <propfirst> ya dig!
weekend over now its bck to the 9 to 5 ya dig!
this is not for all women this is for sum! y do u complain about <propfemale> havin a good dude but when u get 1 u run him off  just a thought sponsored by 1800  and for the ones that get rid of dudes that get rid of men ova materialistic values u make me sick and stay away from me ya dig!
eff what they babe u perfect 2 meb
eff what ppl say babe u perfect 2 me
baby quit stuntin u kno u luv my swag while u ova there frontn wit yo friends like i aint the shyt when u kno i am ya dig!
bday exactly 2 weeks from now so i'm bout to do it big ladies and gentlemen and ur invited 2 join me so hit my mobile and we can discuss plans ya dig!
heading to good ol springfield next weekend i sure hope someone shows ya boi a good time ya dig!
baby ima tell ya like it iz if u kickin it wit u aint worried bout nobody else cuz i'm the better option!u c lady  i'm a triple s g!smooth suave swagged out gentleman ya dig
phone messed up so errbody thats been texting im not ignoring u so dnt trip i got sumthing in the works ya dig!and oh yea im still hittn good ol springfield this week end so look out babygirl cuz u r now tuned in and fuckin with the best in the world oh boy!
"my swag is above the clouds and i'm grindin cuz i want everything under the sun! <propmale> ballaholic verner aka \the best 2 <propfemale> do it\"" ya dig!"""
one more day til i hit good ole springfield plus its payday so i'm super geeked time 2 get it in ya dig! now who wanna party with me?
getn off work in an hour and a half its about that time 4 me 2 have a rockstar weekend ya dig!
having a descent time in springfield can't wait 2 hit the <propfirst> 2moro!
woke up this morning still feeling the liquor this is crazy! i guess having a rockstar life comes with a price ya dig!
had fun this weekend in the field and in the <propfirst> so shout out 2 everyone that made that possible now i'm back on the grind ya dig!
yea i'm a dirrty south nigga so i dnt like cleaning and i don't fuck wit brooms but damn baby u swept me off my feet! u could possibly b the 1 ya dig just keep up the good work!
at work pissed plz come save me anybody!
ima tell u like this  baby the shyt i do ya man can only dream of so stop fuckin wit lames and come taste success wit ya mane no gucci!
bday in 2 days i'm super geeked! i can't wait 2 get it in ya dig!
babe i'm diggin u like a construction worker now be a welder 4 lady and come get this pipe! (u say its nasty and i say step ya freakiness up baby!)
diggin her looks swag style and mindset baby u the perfect package i just hope that shipment is coming to me ya dig!
bday finally here i'm the big 2 3 and i'm geeked so come party wit ya boi ya dig!
shout out 2 all my friends and family for wishin me happy bday i really appreciate it ya dig!
another year older and with that comes more responsibility so i'm all about business from this point on! the new modo is do it big and let the small fall under that ya dig!
finding  love is like poker baby its always a gamble and i don't like playn games with my heart but 4 u i'm willing 2 bet it all and lay it all on the line now honestly could u do the same!
pissed ppl talkn crazy ova fb bullshyt comments damn its not that serious from now on leave ya comment and then leave my <propfemale> stop readin what everybody else leave like u kno them or sumthn this is ridiculous i'm seriously contemplating deleting everyone ya dig!
chillin at the crib thinkin bout u and u know who i'm talkin bout!
"i talk real crazy but they still pay me,say good bye to the game but i'm still waving,and no disrespect to the lil ladies, but fuck 9 months i hustle all year baby!"
headed to the <propfirst> and good ole springfield 2moro and its goin dowwwwwwnnnn!
baby u seem 2 be on point n every way i need u 2 be! u cud possibly be the 1 2 end my 3yr single streak ya dig so keep doin what u doin cuz i like it! oh yea if u didn't know pretty lady i'm talking 2 u!!!!
lady i got ur back like a chiropractor so kno ima always support cuz when it comes 2 ur self esteem i just wanna build it up like architects and not tear u down like construction workers ya dig!
fresh off work and i'm already ready 2 party so ima get it like its owed 2 me ya dig!
man just was in cuffs and talked my way out so st <propfirst> betta sho me a good time! @ sis it wasn't my fault spfld law sucks!
last day of the weekend gotta get it in!
time is of the essence but what really matters is what u do with ur time!
don't be mad or start tripping out on me pretty lady just kno i'm coming home 2 u!
i try 2 be good but the bad seems 2 come! but bitch niggas i don't respect u and i don't care if that's good or bad ya dig!
pissed i gotta work the entire weekend but eff it ima be all smiles when i see my check now dig that!
i got a pretty lady and she want me and on me like tattoos so nigga u can keep ya wife cuz yo money is the only thing i'm bout 2 have an affair wit so be easy ya dig!
touchscreen back workin now its on and poppin so shout out 2 tmobile ya dig!
"hope these next 2 days go by super fast cuz a nig such as myself is ready 2 get it in and go hard so get wit it or get lost!\\*best of the best*"
i never thought it would affect me this much u not being in my life but i find myself missing u like crazy! without u food doesnt taste the same  and sumtimes its hard 4 me to breath!sumtimes when im alone i swear i can hear ur voice and i would give up everything i own 2 see ur face again! i need u back so rest in piece auntie <propfirst> auntie <propfemale> and both of my grandpops i will never 4get u!
been grinding all day and 4got 2 eat and now im hungrier than 3 fat bitches sharing a skittle lord could u plz bless a nig wit a chicken dinner!
weekend done so the break is over now its back the money! damn i luv my life!
weekend done so the break is over now its back 2 the money! damn i luv my life!
still up grinding at 4 in the morning and i aint tired cuz baby i can get all the sleep i want when im dead!
ready to give it my all and c what u and life has to offer so baby get wit it or get lost!
some1 told me earlier that i look like i got a gurl so the question of the day is how do u look like a person in a relationship?
baby i understand ya man was there 4 u way back then but we talkin bout now and he aint on shyt so like the alphabet if he aint on his p's & q's then c him later and b wit me ya dig!
last day of the work week yaaaaaaaayyyy!
<propmale> ballaholic verner yea u kno who this is so if i aint good looking u bet my chick is ya dig!
i tried to wait 4 u 2 get yo shyt 2gether but success was calling me so i had to leave!
q:u look good so y are u still single?a: thank u but these women out here be on bullshyt and i <propfemale> liked the rodeo ya dig!
"q: did u know i use 2 want u so bad?a: no but i wish u would have told me!\\*best of the best*"
"q: y the fuck havent u texted me?a: my bad but i been a lil busy but my inbox aint received nothing from u either!\\*best of the best*"
"q: do u kno i wish we lived closer by each other cuz i still kinda want u? a: oh really y didnt u <propfemale> say anything b4\\*best of the best*"
"q: smash or pass?a: its been a minute so i would definitely smash\\*best of the best*"
"q:what would u rate me 1-10?a: 8 but u would be a 10 if u eff wit me lol!\\*best of the best*"
q annoyed o when u gone make that happen?a:idk w o ur # its gonna be hard for that 2 happen ya dig!
q:what are u doing right now?a:watchin my philly eagles dominate the redskins by 40 points damn i should have bet money!
"just had 2 fire another i like <propmale> employee! 2 many no call no shows and she didnt know how 2 perform her job correctly so i need a new worker that has e playful erience and doesnt need training ya dig!\\*best of the best*"
go ahead in box me any question u want and i swear i will answer it truthfully ya dig!
"yea thats definitely possible cuz i never liked the way our situation ended so give me ur mobile and we will take it from there\\*best of the best*"
"yea i do\\*best of the best*"
"q laugh o u miss me a:yea a little\\*best of the best*"
"q:u miss me    when u comin 2 see me a:thats 2 ?'s but yea and i was thinkin of visitin spfld this weekend but idk\\*best of the best*"
do i try 2 hurt ppl feelings no do i hurt them anyway yes!im n no way shape or form perfect but i try 2 do right but we as ppl sumtimes do things without realizing how it affects others but b4 u judge me take a look at urself and realize ur flaws cuz im pretty sure u have them ya dig!
headed to good ole springfield as we speak i hope they show me a good time ya dig!
weekend in spfld was kinda disappointing but im still breathin so i guess errthing is cool!
thanksgiving= food liquor and <propmale> which is whats up but wait im doing that now so does that mean 2day is a holiday
great holiday ot 2 spend time with friends and family which is whats up but now its ova and so now ii must get back to my daily grind ya dig!
i look right dress tight and got money in my pocket damn i luv myself now all i need is a bad chick 2 hit em wit a killer combination ya dig!
baby i kno u feeln me so stop the games if i was on that i would just buy an xbox ya dig!
thank god i have this weekend off cuz its truly needed but wait i need a real woman 2 kick it with so the question of the day is who gone be that lucky lady? hopefully its u ya dig!
man cook county thought they did sumthin by lockin the kid up 4 a few weeks but it aint nuthin now im back 2 the grind and most definitely back to the money!and if u hit my line up this month dont think i was ignoring u the <propmale> was just out the game 4 a moment but now back and running ya dig!
the year is just about over so im going to end it with a bang aka 9 milli!so 2011 prepare for total domination which means if you aint bout money or success dont effin talk to me now dig that yeeeaahh!(in my playa playa voice lol!)
"its a new year and ima need all new errthang ya dig!all new clothes shoes job and a new chick one that i can be wit  so i guess im lookin 2 settle down this year i wonder if i already know the chick or will she find me!\\*best of the best*"
ready to get to the big dollars by whatever means necessary! so in the words of weezy i gotta do it big and let the small fall under that ya dig!
man chicago weather sucks 1 day its <propfemale> as hell the next its raining cats and dogs then the next day its a effin blizzard this shit a got pimp confused im outside wearing gym shorts a fur coat wit a umbrella cuz a pimp dont know what might happen in this ragedy bitch this evening!(in my katt <propmale> voice)
wow its crazy that ppl are posting stauses about whats going on on a tv show what is this world coming to i think me and niggas is the only sane ppl left in this world ya dig!
life is great im lookin good dressing good and feeling good i have so much 2 be thankful 4 with so much more to come so i must say its a wonderful day in mr  verner's neighborhood ya dig!(n my mr  rogers voice lol)
man <propfirst> town winters are on a whole notha level of coldness i need a <propfirst>ck right now 2 keep me warm question is who gone be the one 2 give me body heat!
another day notha dolla! i just hope that with everyday i breathe the more success will come to me!
life is and has always been the best teacher so its time 2 stop stressin ova exams aka the past and the bs and start  preparin 4 the next lesson aka the future and what challenges lies ahead ya dig!
"the best in town,the best 2 come around,im just the best hands down now dig that!"
living n regret 4 just a sec cuz it seem like in my playa dayz i might have passed up mrs  right but who knows i guess it is what it is!
man its bad up here in chicago i messed up my jays tryna shovel snow there is snow all the way up to my belt line i have <propfemale> seen it like this everything closed even lake shore so it aint no getn n or leavin the city!now would be the perfect time to have a woman to chill with cuz liquor and <propmale> just aint getn it like it use 2!
"superbowl sunday and for any real man its like a national holiday from start to finish all baby mommas, wives, gurlfriends,and kids got wait and be silent til the game ova!i cant wait til the packers win and u not goin 4 the packers dont comment unless u willing to put yo money where ya mouth is dig!"
2 minutes til the packers take it damn i wished mfreakas would have bet me
packers win now thats really whats up
weekend finally here so its time 4 rest and relaxation so i hope the bs dont find me 4 the next couple days!
"bitch niggas if u will i wont u 2 sit back shut up and imagine,me and yo bitch,on my postapedic bed,sleep numba 15,mattress stiff,long strokin her,back breakin,leg shakin,headbord bangin, all while u at work!(just a lil poetic justice i call \when u at work we get it in!\"" lol!"""
its <propfirst>s day and i almost 4got so now i have no idea who my <propfirst> is! so the ? is what beautiful woman out there is available and if u r will u be my <propfirst> i promise u wont regret i dig!
baby i know we both single but since 2day is a special occasion how bout i love u 4 the night!
"u make me happy, i always laugh when im with u,u always know how to make me feel good and u keep my mind blown,everytime im with u i feel like im high above the clouds!omg this the best weed i have ever had i love u kush! lol"
all i gotta say is r u really ready 2 be with me?
"seriously im the best 2 do it,the best thats doing it,and the best that <propfemale> done it now take that 2 the bank wit ya!"
this damn security check at the amtrak staition almost mad me miss my train but oh well off 2 springfield i go!
man the last day of my stay here in springfield and i had a good time if i should say so myself now im back 2 the grind!
"bon voyage springfield had fun wit ya but like ya favorite movie all good things must come 2 an end so i\ll catch up wit ya later!"""
look ppl i am really busy and sumtimes 4getful which i kno is a bad thing when it comes to contacting ppl but damn if i 4get 2 call you dont get mad how bout u jus hhit me up dig!
whats the use of having video calling on my phone if i dont kno any1 with video calling on their phone man this sucks!
yea the gurls may like your swag but all the women love my charisma ya dig! #grown man shyt!
"a boy does the same dumb shyt ova and ova and <propfemale> understands y he gets the same outcome,but a man such as myself realizes the mistakes he's made and corrects them 2 set forth a better future ya dig!#food4thought"
life is just a bunch of choices sometimes we make good ones and sometimes we make bad ones but as long as u can face urself in the mirror everything is good and copastetic!
man just got a new job making 6 dollars more than my previous job i think its time 2 celebrate and make it rain at the strip club lol!
man who does this?call u and tell u u got the job and then 30 minutes later they sayin they dont kno if u got it ppl i think i have just been punked where is <propfemale> kutcher and them ragedy ass mtv cameras lol!
so i got the the new call of duty and i must say i am a fan now!
sitn here blowed thinkin bout my next move!tryna figure out which path to take 2 get the most money!
its the weekend yay but dont do anything i wouldnt do! aw hell who am i kidding cuz i do damn near everything lol! lets get it!
its the weekend yay but dont do anything i wouldnt do! aw hell who am i kidding cuz i do damn near everything lol! lets get it!
jus chillin figuring out a new way 2 make this money trust me this is the year of the businessman get wit it or get left behind
baby i like that u n2 me but damn u 2 clingy u so much on me that i cant hear myself think so please keep ya friends cuz i like u i jus cant stand bein around u 24 7!p s dont wear ur welcome out in my heart ya dig!
"the world is just a test thats meant to brake you,but the question is will it brake u or will u stand strong and break thru?"
up super early ready 4 the grind gotta get this new gig so i can sleep later
pissed phone messing up it keep cutn off im mad i just got this phone!
so the phone is back n action 4 the time being
in a bad position an need a way out but once i get a foot n the door  then its a wrap!
"my connect to the studio jus got incarcerated so now i need a real producer with a studio thats ready 2 make sum money in need of full team photogapher and stylists needed building an empire so anyone gifted in the game vocal,lyrical,or behind the scenes get @ me right now its time 4 a takeova!"
angels&demons; the angel <propmale> aint wit the drama and jus wanna  <propmale>  this money legally demonic <propmale> says fuck the competition ima make a killin metaphorically and physically i think ima take from both and get this money legally and ima kill the competition metaphorically (lyricly)
"man i feel great right now this kush got a nig feelin like he floatin,and i aint landin til monday get @ me!"
man i had a very very relaxing weekend but its about that time 2 get back on the grind for this new job search so i hope all goes well 2moro!
"now im ya favorite trappers favorite trapper,eh now im ya favorite rappers favorite rapper,the absolute truth yea no joke, who me i emerge from the crack smoke!"
is mad these wack ass ppl keep taggin me in these pics of these swap meat shoes i swear im bout 2 lose it! oh hold on wait let me hit the blunt again   ok now im good next subject plz!
money on my mind enuff said!
so i finally get the bread 4 my wedding tux(no im not getn married!)but then i drop my phone and now its messed up so no textin for me 4 a lil minute this is sum sbs!(straight bullshit) ya dig!
kush got a million things running thru my mind so i think im bout to go off on #sygu!
i make mistakes all the time but i dont care cuz u live n u learn!but the only regret i have is letn u walk out of my life 4ever!
the definition of being real means?
question: how many blunts does it take for a nig 2 pass out? answer: idk but trust me right now ima smoke until i find out!
so if 4 20 is the national smoke day then what do i call the other 364 days bcuz i smoke like a chimney everyday!
so this mornin while smokin this <propmale> i look out the window and to my surprise its snow all on the ground! wtf since when does it still snow going on the last week of april chicago weather sucks!
bitch u like a stain on my brand new sneakers cuz i dont want u and i most definitely wont miss u if u aint there now take that 2 the bank with ya!
so baby if im not the 1 for u can i be number 2?
"if u not a celtic fan then i feel bad 4 u cuz we taking  ova the playoffs ya dig!so shout out to allen,rondo,pierce,garnett,and o'neal!!!"
preparin for this trip 2 spfld 2moro i hope they sho me luv if not fuck em cuz ima do me anyway!
bulls 3 and 0 they smashing right now but that wont be the case when they play my celtics so shout out 2 my squad cuz we getn another banner this year ya dig!
whats up sprfingfield is there anybody thats tryna kick it on a monday
man still in spfld and i need something do is there any1 here that knows how to have fun on a weekday
man still in spfld and i need something 2 do so who knows how to kick it on a weekday!
i am so sick right now i can barely move so im n the crib this weekend inhaling this chicken noodle soup!
man im still sick as hell but i got shyt 2 do 2moro so this cold gone have 2 be put on the backburner while a nig get his grind on so lord bless a nig 2 be successful even if i am under the weather!
yaaayyyyy!my phone finally back in action it seem like it was out of commission 4ever but anyway im back now so hit my line up!
mad im runnin late and im missing the game i hope boston kickin ass like usual!
gametime and im prepared 4 it i got chips and beer on deck so bulls i need yall to play a good game u know smash em but still keep me interested!
time for sis graduation so ima get clean and we gone live it up 4 2day!
had a great day with the fam now im ready 2 chill and see what sportcenter talkin bout! and oh yea drink a lil as well #mylifeisgreat
jus uploaded a shyt load of wedding pics so check em out and tell me what u think!
man im tryna support this all black graduation but this shyt is ridiculous the speakers r talkin way 2 long and the nigs singin sucks pissed i missed the game 4 this!
"2 hours until my celtics get in miami ass im super excited 4 2nites game!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
jus like i said my celtics smashed they ass and <propfirst> bosh wasnt worth shyt but kg dominated all game long!
"my celtics gone bus miami ass again 2nite so dig that!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
on the grind lookin 4 a gig 2day hope something turn up!
y is it that the more successful u get the more friends u lose #food for thought
got an e playful ensive bet wit my barber that says miami dont get the ring this year so bulls ya betta hold it down come sunday!
bout 2 kick it all day 2moro jus cuz i feel like it!
mad as hell aint no games on 2nite hell the nba playoffs are my favorite time of the year bsides my bday!
#symfgu if u was 1 of the ppl that thought the world was ending yday!cuz man dnt kno shyt only god does so fuck off all u fake ass prophets!
pissed the bulls jus lost they aint showing the tenacity or energy they showed in game 1 they betta get it 2gether cuz if i lose this money on they series im whoopin ass
up super early this morning bout 2 get on this job hunt hope somethin work out!
brrrrrrr! its cold as hell outside but i still put in a few apps so hopefully somethn work out!
"i got the mavs winning in 6 so if u thinkin sumthn else go fuck urself!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"im bout money,want money, and need money so if we aint got those 3 things in common u need not talk 2 me!"
game 2 2nite so i hope the mavs have made the right adjustments cuz i cant lose this series damit!
yea <propmale> the mavs jus came back with a 22 to 5 run 2 win the game now thats whats up!
notha day notha dolla so im out here back on the grind so 773 312 217 618 n 901 stand up n lets get this money!
"praise god! i finally got a damn job matta fact i got 3 offers and all should start next week so im bout 2 get blunted and celebrate ya dig!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
black n ugly as <propfemale> how<propfemale> i stay coogi down 2 the socks!
"game 6 and i said n the beginning it wud b over n 6 so seeing how if the mavs win i get free haircuts 4 2 yrs ima go get a nice cut even tho i jus got acut 3 days ago!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"like i said it would be over n 6 so now im bout 2 go get my 1st free haircut on tuesday! thank the lord for the mavericks!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"man these dudes want what i got or <propmale> what i had which is ri got damn diculous so in the words of baby boys ving rhames \no lil nigga u can <propfemale> be like me\""!"""
life is a challenge but i choose 2 accept that challenge and rock it out ya dig! shout out 2 my pops his bday was on monday
im so sick of all these facebook gangsta's talkn shyt online but when i see ya lips stapled shut plz get real cuz if u bout what u say i can easily make  sure u see me so  watch  what u say cuz the wrong thing can get u fucked up dig so if u thinkin im talkin 2 u than i definitely am dig!
in springfield lookin 4 a good time question is who gone show it 2 me
at 10 10 hoes didnt want me at 130 they all on me!
went to yo house thinkin u being romantic seeing how candles was lit errwhere come 2 find out trick yo lights offf   #dab
so im chillin wit the homies and she call me and say can i ask u sumthing so i say u jus did and hungup    #dab
y over the phone u say u look like halle <propfirst> n come over lookin like <propfirst> <propfirst>   #dab
she tell me i hurt her self esteem and im like how i hurt the way u feel about u its called self esteem 4 a reason    #dab
cant wait til get back 2 the city 2moro cuz spfld sucks so now i gotta get back to the real money ya dig im tired of chump change!!!!!!#dab
im sick of everybody sayn their kids are cute! thats only becuz the bone structure in their face and set in! if u wanna impress me make a pretty adult    #dab
bout 2 head back home thank god!!!
feels so good 2 b bck in the city where shyt is always poppin!
need a change in my life bout 2 upgrade in every aspect of it!
bout to go get clean grab my bulls snapback and hit the beach up so it should be a great day especially if i see sum muy <propfemale> latino women   #perfect day
plz dudes stop complimenting these average ass women all day long jus so u could get sum cuz now u got her thinkin she the best thing smokin and when she get wit me im the mean 1 cuz she stunt on me and i kill her spirit wit the truth about her looks so nigs upgrade ya game   #dab
love! what does it really mean?
trust! can u really ever do that with ppl other than fam?
i kno its hot as hell outside baby but i got the ac on full blast so we can still have sum fun lol!
baby i got this ac goin with silk sheets and pillow cases so even when things get heated up u still gne be cool and hair still wont be messed up unless u like a lil tug n pull!
"baby jus cuz u look like a model dont mean that make up for u not knowing how to cook, clean, fu%*,and satisfy!so u might look like halle <propfirst> but i dont want u so kick rocks!!!!"
i hate women that tell u they 2 good 4 u after talkin 2 they friends but yet they continue 2 call yo phone and get mad when u dont respond 2 their calls or texts jus plain silly   #dab
"im tired of grindin for this money mane i think im ready to enroll in cougar university,so ima put my app in today!"
now baby why would i leave this wonderful a c to come to ur house and only get the ceiling fan! i think we wont be hangin out til winter lbvs!
"if u dont cook,clean or kno how to handle bedroom business then u shouldnt even know my name but if u do 4get it   #dab"
now today is truly a popsicle moment   #haf
now u kno u trippn u want me 2 come outside 2day quit playin i was sweatin jus walkin outside 2 get the newspaper so 4 right now i aint sweatin u   #dab
high as hell bout to try this new spicy seasoning on this chicken i hope its good    #starving
feel like being a bad boy 2nite so lets c what i can get n2 2nite!
truest words i ever heard: money dont make the man but a man makes money   #hfl
should u really treat ur woman like a <propfemale> even when she dont act like it?
how can u e playful ext me 2 marry you after i got it on the 1st night u must be kidding me!
its 2 hot 2 have company right now so unless u come wit a popsicle and an ice pack u might as well touch gravel and kick rocks   #lets <propfemale> after october!
only been in the mall 5 minutes and i have seen wifey 1 thru 15 damn i wonder what 10 minutes would get me   #lincolnwood mall steppin it up!
i see the <propmale> of being a gentleman is lost upon u new school ass niggaz so jus watch me and i will show u how itz done   #dab
if you are the type of person that lives your life thru fb you are a lame that dont deserve the air you breathe    #killyourself!
had 2 be brutally honest 2day! i told a chick she wasnt presentable meanin the body right but the face not!but she still wanted 2 talk 2 me so i cut her loose cuz that mean her self confidence is low which means shes insecure and i dont do insecurities!
need to change up everything in my life right now!
thinkin of a masterplan idk what yet but all this concentration gone bring sumthin 2 the table   #focused!
need a blessing in the worst way!
its getn close 2 the end of the summer so i hope all the single games r almost out of ya system cuz come winter its gne be relationship time   #thetruthhurts
how the hell u gone comment on what im doing with my life when ur shyt aint 2gether   #stayin ur <propfirst>
fucked up right now thinkin about all the good women i have had in my life   #goodtimes
i just dont get it! how is it that the ugliest blackest most out of shape niggas get the baddest women    #mustbethemoney!
"it saddens me that i had 2 help evict a black person 2day but like the sayin goes \idk where u gone go but u got 2 get the hell out of here\""! moment of silence for all the non rent payers!"""
"bout to make a big transition in my like n the next week or so whether its good or bad ima go hard anyway    #realestniggainit!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"i love kush y smokin anything else would just be uncivilized   #smoketilmyeyesred!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
"ppl please stop doing all this special shyt 2 ur man or woman when u aint gne do it when u actually actually become their g or b friend cuz thats false advertising and ima start sueing ppl!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
baby i can give u everrything u need so y bother with the rest!     imnumba1
"baby u aint gotta worry about havin a job or a career cuz ima give u the business when u step in this bedroom   #iputitdown\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
hopefully not but come next week i might be n another city until school starts 4 me   #hope4thebestprepare4theworst!
"nfl preseason officially starts now so its time 2 get the beer and chips!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
be in spring field next week hopefully there will be some <propmale> fun happening   #lifeoftheparty
big decisions dont make a real man but a real man makes big decisions ya dig!#dab
done pulled an all nighter so a rooty tutty fresh n fruity 4rm ihop is definitely needed right now   #gotthemunchies
"baby im here 2 take full control of ya body and movements   so call me the puppetmaster!\\*<propfemale> stress always impress*"
wow i just really watched as this nigga completely destroyed himself and guaranteed that he will never get another piece of ass   #straightjackass!
i dont have a problem with homosexual dudes and nothing against them but damn i just seen this linebacker lookin as nigga wearing heels and a spaghetti strap shirt and his voice was squeaky as hell!y is that when men come out of the closet they instantly turn into a flamboyant wanna be female switchin and talkin in a high pitched voice that shyt blows me   #justsayin
nothing makes a man feel better than a fresh fit and a fresh cut im on cloud nine right now bout 2 blow back and chill
back 2 getting legit money   excited   im on 1
lets go eagles!!!!!!!!!!!!
went months tryna find a legit 9 to 5 and within 24hrs i got 2 job offers! things are startin 2 look up 4 the kid    #im on
last day 4 non legit money cuz 2moro im back on the legal path!
ready 2 go 2 work 2moro i kno most ppl dont want 2 but this is my 1st legal job in 7 months so im excited!
the work week is ova and im ready 2 party so who down 4 sum fun 2night?
weekend so close i can taste it im off most of it so ima blow loud and bbq so i should be good!   time2enjoythefruitsofmylabor!
just clocked out when i was pose 2 be off at 7   man i cant wait 2 the weekend this overtime killin me!
finally im off work its time to get this night started
chillin countn down the hours til i gotta be at wrk 2moro! sad 
i woke up fucked up so i might as well keep the tradition going 4 labor day!!!!!!!!!
if u aint got the <propmale> iv u aint bout great music!
"\u know what a hasa is <propfirst>? its a pig that dont fly st8\""!(scarface)"""
headed 2 work already impatiently waiting for the weekend 2 come ya dig
2 more days of work and then its party time    #impatientlwaiting!
gotta be at work super early so nothin more than <propmale> 4 me 2night!!! smile tangerinekushisamazing
oh yea i almost 4got about braggin about my eagles winning 2day so there ya have it   #trophytime!
1st day of the work week and im already on that weekend action   #shamefulbuttrue!
on break blowin back   no drug test is whats up!
installed facebook for windows phone
yea i jus was leavin work lookin thru my phone and found the pic so i posted it
had a great summer but now its time 2 grab the snapback and hoodie and have it on daily cuz its already getn cold in the <propfirst>!
that shyt still funny
just clocked out already thinkin of what 2 drink all in all this bout 2 be a relaxing fun stress free night    smile #sponsoredbyplumkush!
she say she want it like good food smile im guaranteed to wear it out like new shoes!!!
bored need sum convo hit me up
headed 2 the bar to watch the eagles game   theres nothing better than good beer good food and hopefully a good game!
this is without a doubt the best bar i have ever been 2   shoutout2madbarngrill
pissed beyond belief right now the eagles lost again n that shyt aint pose 2 happen especially when im bettn money hopefully the packers get my money back and a lil more!!!!!
just won 200 dollars on the packers game nos that's whats up
got <propmale> got <propfemale> got money and rellos im bout 2 get the night started and see which lucky lady will catch me at the right time   if u aint in my circle 2night ur life sux lbvs!
bday n 8 days im already thinkin bout what ima do 2 celebrate   all i know is its goin down   hit the line if u tryna kick it wit a nig 4 his big bash!
at my favorite bar watchin my favorite team on my favorite day drinkin my favorite beer!   life is good right now
1 more day til the bday just got cut up now im bout to clean suited and booted and get it crackin ya dig
feelin good right now bout to have a night out in the city!   bringin in the bday right
i feel so good right now i got big kush and big liquor   i know my bday only 2day but fuck it im celebratin all month ya dig!
thank you 2 everyone that took time out of their day 2 wish me a happy bday i am so lucky 2 have ppl in my life that care enough 2 do so! and 2 any of you wondering i had a great day and plan on recelebrating in a couple weeks when i go out of town so if you see me in your town just know its a celebration
woke up this morning feelin like a million bucks high off life and a lil bit of <propmale> ready 2 see what the day brings   #gonna b a good day!
single off liquor and super diesel so now im wondering what ima get n2 2night   #ready4action!
finally got sum ppl 2 come visit the <propfirst> 4 the weekend so its go time finna roll up drink up and blaze up i aint drake i aint on 1 but im on several ya dig!
got off at 3 and been held up n traffic ever since this sucks im ready 2 get blunted and fitted    #2nite is the night
