fe5e7e4846c85b98a71bfedced71f8b5
secrets
dang this food does not fill me up at all!
nxt week is last week of summer skool byebye gv
"getting supplies to comfortably watch holland handle the spanish\team\"" tommorow  smile """
yay! spains getting handled!
if the f***n ref wud have done his job spain wuda played with 9ppl puygol red! iniesta red!
i have officially retired from highschool sports
bouta go grub  smile 
came up! 33% complete  smile 
saved like 250 dollars yay!
so it is true your brain does shuts itself down after depriving urself of sleep for long periods of time     started having strange simultanous dreams lol
these changes i've made in my life are making a huge differance  smile  n i like em at this rate in 3 months ill be a brand new man fresh out tha box
car got impounded and i have a fatass ticket   fuck the police!
i'm sooo ready to leave this fucken hell hole !
who wants to help create the most notorious team of hackers scammers in history? hmu serious inquires only
hmm     smile 
what if?       
see shit like this reallly makes me wanna comit myself to never marry a mexican woman
ahh whose down to run and help time me on a few @200s
i believe we shall whooop on porterville no problem
ahhh i just realized that other than while extremely intoxicated i havnt thrown up in yrs lol
really starting to miss playingg football  annoyed 
excellent practice  smile 
haha i think its really awesome how often i get compliments at skool n pretty much everywhere based on the shirts i wear  smile 
volkslauf  smile 
volkslauf was beast! but definantly overrated
ahh got league tomorrow at independence feeling good about it too  smile 
league meet was awesome in the rain  laugh 
you kno who i blames for americas shitty economy!? i blame <propfirst> revere
csulb
let's go desecrate shit!
() ()
ahhh i'm at ranch market n there's this gross thick stench of messican =0
"im bored <propfemale>  \like\"" my status && ill tell you 1  somethin' ive learned bout you while lookin' at your wall for 13 secs  2  tha color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  tha animal you remind me of  5  ask somethin' ive always wondered bout you  6  my favorite thing bout you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  whats on my shirt right now  9  challenge you to post this """
need to facilitate gotta publize!
need to facilitate gotta publicize!
jusss waiting hopefully frontier will defeat us on our homecoming =p
can't remember anything at all except i think i got choked out
paranormal activity 2 was epic
holy fuck!!! vikings play was insane!
nvrmnd bullshit
"\like\"" this and i'll answer them for you  1  did i ever have a crush on you ? 2  would i date you ? 3  what do i like about you ? 4  cute ugly ?    5  what do i hate about you ? 6  would i chill with you ? 7  what do i rate you 1-10? 8  would i give you my number ? 9  can we be friends ?"""
still not sure where i want to graduate from bhs? south? stockdale? miramonte?
manifest <propfemale> without the god hahha
so did prop 19 pass?
<propfemale> i have like an empty space i guess  annoyed 
ahhh she got me all confused n she's not getting off my mind wattaa bitch!
i honestly feel like i raped the sat!
so all i gotta do is find my rightfoot cleat kkeep my head in the game n make a huge impression on coach tomoroow > smile 
mann fuck this  annoyed 
torn <propfemale> muscle  annoyed  season might be over  sad 
3 1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923007816406286208996208998628034825348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174528410270193852105559     i got distracted  annoyed 
soccer is over for me  annoyed  my biggest failure thus far
hmmm   
imma monster!
man <propfemale> harbor was sum real shit
wrestling was fuckin intense! well bye bye to my phone
ok <propfemale> we've been on lockdown for an hr and a half so far  
<propfemale> lifes so confusing and at times it seems <propfemale> unreal almost as if it we're a video game and during the day u get sudden bursts of reality and its plain scary
"there is a hell, believe me i've seen it  there is a heaven, let's keep it a secret "
let's play a game of russian roulette    
so let's see how far a 708 word 13min personal statement will get me in the uc system lol
"all i gotta say is \calm the fuck down!\"" \""ur overreacting\"""""
so i'm slanging tickets to the bhs centennial game who's interested?
the deadliest predator is already inside you
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is agaiinstt child abuse thingy"
¯\\_(?)_ ¯
the end is nigh   
if i accept admission at a college does it mean i must go there?
"democratic socialists do not want society to be taken over by an all-powerful government bureaucracy  in addition, we don’t want private\business bureaucracies to control our society either  instead, we want social and economic decisions to be made by those whom they\most affect  we believe that the workers and the communities that are most affected by economic institutions should own and control\them "
times change and things are different just gotta take the next step  
if i could write you a song to make you fall in love i would already have you under my arm   
ahaha well i'm kinda buzzy with hiz beer png shit lol
just got home fuck great buzz can't wait for break lol
one last 160 question test   
sooo thus passes yet another day and soon to be another year    definantly not the best and just another step closer to death
amazing run despite the weather  smile  its surprising how much steam my body gives off!
yeeeeeessssss!!!!!!!! its fuckin raining again!  laugh 
"\ its raining its pouring the old man is snoreing\""\",fe5e7e4846c85b98a71bfedced71f8b5,slutface! =}
aheeh fuck da police!
"the best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own  no apologies or excuses  no one to <propfemale> on, rely on, or blame  the gift is yours -it is an amazing journey -and you alone are responsible for the quality of it  this is the day your life really begins       "
wow! someone just asked me for a favor and actually said please!? for the first time in 2010 and 2010 is just about over 0_o
so its a done deal i have commited with michigan state university and as of today i am officially a spartan     now i gotta pay for this shit lol
why cant there be like a jackfrost league for older people lol thatd be beast as fuyh!
well farewell a new <propfemale> has begun to spawn
should have probably stayed at san ysidro high wouldaa been koo =   ]
currently still in san <propmale>     soooo no skool  smile 
"ahhh so hard to choose between \how i met you mother\"" \""that 70s show\"" and \""the office\"""""
wish for long warm starry nights in a perfect equilibrim with nature
man i hate how nocturnally active i am and then my ass can't get up  in the morning  annoyed 
"predator status \\\(^-^) \"""""
total and complete milf package  laugh 
ok so what kind of idiot ditches on a tuesday in the middle of the winter?!
so we are on lockdown onnce again  hopefully it doesn't go on till after skool
let's play a game of russian roulette! ill bring the gun you bring the brains      tell me who will!               make it out alive!
so my knee is totally blown out  annoyed 
parental guidence strictly suggested
so it turns out facebook is all part of a conspiracy from the cia to gather infromation in vast quantities and to be able to keep themselves informed of all citizen activity    reminds me of echelon    fb is all of a sudden not so fun anymore  annoyed 
fog looks like smoke while going down the graapevine!
so i must take a math class over summer so i can retake my math placement test and pass or else next fall imma be taking intermediate algebra aka remedial math =0
the movie trick 'r treat looksbeast as fuck!
full <propfemale>
"priest- you may now kiss the bride\pg-kiss her? i am gonna destroy her! (>^-^>)"
so i was thinking about it     and its bullshit when they say you get up one more time than you fall    think about it   u fall once u get up once you fall twice you get up twice and so on      its impossible to get up twice <propfemale> only falling once   laws of physics hahahhaha
ran home in skinnies i'm surprised they didn't rip lol
the blood of the gods will flow like the rivers of ancient babylon
"olny srmat poelpe can  i cdnuolt blveiee taht i cluod aulaclty uesdnatnrd waht i was rdanieg the phaonmneal pweor of the hmuan mnid, aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it deosn't mttaer in waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  the rset can be a taotl mses and you can sitll raed it wouthit a porbelm   smile "
"\he who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man\""-ax7"""
i'm tired of so many goodbyes   
ok real talk now    is it inapproppriate to tell a girl you want to plow her?
let us sink into the abyss in an ocean of octopus ink
wth i crashed around 7 so now i'm wide awaake    i should totally go to a burned out party where everyones totally wasted that wud be halarious  laugh 
wow totally in a differntdemsio dude amzsignn!
still feel really mellow  smile 
god is dead
"so does anyone know where i can get a button pin that says \no homo\"" ? i might be needing it sometime soon    no homo"""
so this past week or so i've been falling asleep around 8 and being wide awake around 3 wtf!      so there i stood in the middle of a meadow on a dark gloomy day with no hint of light the day on which darkness falls and fell to my own precipice only to find that i was already dead
so tonight i shall e playful lore the boundaries of my subconscious i will see the unseen do the undoable and say what is ought not to be said all while being in control of an uncontrolable world and creating that which will never exist not even in your wildest dreams
man fuck the world i just decided i wanna go to space     sky is so infinate
about to power learn my soliloquy rite quik
hmmm tryna reach a point of equilibrium in my life  
i'm trying to keep myself together but the more i try the harder i seem to tear apart
going to sleep i'm done with this shit -_-
punching someone in the throat right about now sounds like a real treat   
your never gonna see what your never gonna be and your never gonna be what your never gonna see!
getting anxious man    first official meet next friday at buchanan
you know what i just realized is that the only reason facebook is all fun and shit is bc of how efficiently you can just talk shit to ppl on this bitch    
i love cookies  laugh 
i wanna be like 007 that fucker has everything    
your soul is stained with the blood of the innocent  
we all <propfemale> these things inside that no one else can see they hold us down like anchors they down us out at sea i look up to the sky  there maybe nothing there to see but if i don't believe in him why would he believe in me?
"its the angel with the scabbed wings, hard drugged face, wanna powder his nose   he will deflower the freshest crop dry of the wombs  with his   rock and roll sores   -mm"
so i'm sitting here at the doctors office and i'm thinking    how did all these fat sacks of shit get all these fine women pregnant!? wtf =0
ahhh on my way to buchanan for the distance classic
you see the front door? you better run     you never got jumped before? its fun! when you doing the jumping turn his mothafuckn head into a pumpkin
<propfirst> imma slap the shit outta you theres no such thing as gay elephants     or pink ones either -__-
man bakersfield is bigtime full of pushovers now everyones lameass is trying to learn how to shuffle wtf shufflins gay af
ok so i'm at tacobell on the eastside and it funny how these ghettoass niggas be talking bout throwing bricks at someones <propfemale>  laugh 
camping outside the basketball game tryna get a free shirt lol
the fuck is this selective service bullshit?
so imma kill <propfirst> he just did that little forward shit he likes to do   
the bad things in life are the only good thing    
why the fuck do girls always touch my head?
haha for some reason i feel like joining the armed forces outta nowhere feel like i gotta shot someniggas lol
"\a walk in the clouds\"" is still a beast ass movie"""
"\technological advances have very little to do with the economy\""- some complete idiot > annoyed """
feel like feel like there's something big imma have to do and it feels soon to come   
i just raped bade at madden  laugh 
feel sad and lonesome outta the blue quite the emtpy space i have   
contemplating bout the shit that is yet to come   feel good about it too lol
"this is some bullshit i got dqd in my behind the wheel test over a so called \dangerous manuvuer\""    """
i'm the greatest in the world   the best there is    i get up in the morning and piss excellence  smile 
dream pills  laugh 
limitless was pretty beast  laugh 
wtf?? time violently shifted to post ten o clock 0_o
wtf!? time violently shifted to post 10 o clock 0_o    and i just finished dreaming lol
haha i'm down for a midsummer nights dream right about now  smile 
just got done grubbin  
haha ain't that some shit once i decide to go out of state i get accepted to ucsb and all that shit lol
"i never had sex, smoked weed, got drunk, snuck out, or skipped class! copy & paste as your status and whoever likes it thinks you're lying  laugh "
i'm gay  smile 
i got hacked by a jew   
holding up waiting for graduation    
hrlla gfucmekedx up manfuc the plice  laugh 
haha trying to figure shit out lol can't quite recall  smile 
let the games begin  
field trip to northridge and pepperdine inna bit   should be fun
bout to enter the skool dance  smile 
thinking about thinking  
wass good for tonite? tryna get fucked up    tired of this shit
intricacy
