4586d4321db8e79f1fd7304b8c88f378
glad it's friday  smile 
what a bright and <propfemale> monday morning  smile 
enjoying some time at home with my sweet baby boy
missing my hubby    needing some balance     praying for the answers
my birthday was great   was in steamboat springs on family vacation  smile 
i have a middle schooler    wow i still can't believe it
first school dance for kacee tonight    wow  they grow up soooo fast
you dont wanna know
hmmm whats this tuesday morning gonna bring?
got a sick baby boy   i'm so grateful i get to be home and take care of him
my little man is grumpy  sad  hes not feeling well
looking forward to the weekend
"going to the scrap book e playful o tomorrow, woo hoo  smile "
srcap book e playful o is crazy    wow! i think i could have easily spent a million dollars   there is just so much
verizon phones suck
"leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me  it can only be one word, no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  have fun!"
"got to have breakfast with an old friend, laugh with my husband and hear my son giggle  smile  it doesn't get much better than this  lovin life"
"karter is 6 months old today  smile   wow, goes by quick"
it's snowing   blah
kacees all dressed up for her violin concert    she looks so pretty  smile 
happy hump day   smile 
is there light at the end of the tunnel?
someone turned the ligth on for me    finally  smile   woo hoo
farmville is making me mad     can't get into it  my pumpkins are withered by now   sad 
i'm off to work!
what a day
brrr its cold
been a long day    hope i get some real sleep sometime soon
weekend went by too fast  4 smile 0 is coming too soon
ugh   sad 
rest in peace gpa <propfirst> butcher
it's soooo cold  sad 
<propfemale> christmas! i hope <propfemale> was good to you all  smile 
"in the end, my kids will know they were my everything  smile "
kacee got a 4 0 this quarter!!!! so proud of her  smile 
i miss my dad   i wish i was with him  hes in <propfemale>
yesterday it was nice and <propfemale> and warm    and today it's snowing  thats wyoming for ya
if your happy and you know it clap your hands  wink 
i never thought i would have a 2nd child    now i can't imagine my life without both of my children  i love them so   smile 
went to see my aunt and uncle yesterday   it was great  i love them
kacee had an orchestra concert last night  she plays the violin and she is great! i'm a proud mama  smile 
my brother is taking the lady red devils to state!  he's an awesome coach  smile 
happy monday  smile 
    every tall person needs a short person
"i think this should be interesting, share a memory you have of our friendship!"
"having karters 1st bday party today!!! woo hoo, so excited  smile "
karter had an awesome party! thanks to everyone who came and for the bday wishes  smile 
why cant i upload pics??? urgh this is frustrating
its funny how can two people in the same situation have such different prospectives
karter took his 1st unassisted steps yesterday!!!!!!!!!!
"   i see your true colors, and thats why i love you "
"i'm not crazy, i'm just a little unwell"
no phone!!!!no texting!!! what will become of the day???
"i traded eyeliner for dark circles, salon hair cuts for ponytails, long showers for hairy legs, late nights for early mornings, designer purses for diaper bags and i wouldn't change a thing!! i love my children!!!! with mother's day drawing near let's see how many moms repost this  moms don't care what we gave up and will continue to give up willingly for our kids even when theyre all grown up-they still need us  smile "
i think my dad should come home now    me and my kids miss him  sad 
happy mothers day! have a great day
"it was a great mothers day  smile   thank you family for the bbq and scattergories, had a blast!"
had lots of fun in the sun today at the zoo!
my daddy is finally home!!!!!!!!!   smile 
the fire victims are needing  size 2t girls clothing and womens 2x tops and size 20 pants  also a toddler bed annd bedding  or monetary donations are being accepted too  every little bit will help this family 
i believe in angels  i knew one once 
"karter is scheduled for surgery july 12th, getting his adnoids taken out  kinda scary  sad "
surgery went well and karter is doing great \\n*bobbiedawn*
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes  smile  we were having loads of fun camping!!!!!!
chat is not working for me     aargh
i got dealt a hand i don't know how to play
had the best surprise today!! <propfemale> <propfemale> showed up at my house    gol i love her  smile   we are havin a sleep over!\\n*bobbiedawn*
spending time with my dad today  smile \\n*bobbiedawn*
good luck dms volleyball girls!
"alphabalance\balancing my abcs\takes from noon to half past three\i don't have time to grab a t\or even stop to take a p\shel silverstein"
so proud of <propfirst>  smile   he got vendor of the month at smiths    way to go honey!\\n*bobbiedawn*
got to go shopping in park city  smile  love it
reminder: jewelry party! tomorrow at 3 at my house!
"if your dad is, or was, your hero, your best friend, or just the best dad ever; whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he is an angel in heaven   copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad, and that you love him ! i love you dad!!!"
rip uncle <propfirst>  you will be missed by many 
my husband has made me laugh  wiped my tears  hugged me tight  watched me succeed  seen me fail  cheered me on  kept me going strong  my husband is a promise from god that i will have a friend forever  put this as your status if you love your husband
everything is up in the air     will it fall together or fall apart?
"change your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood, and \invite your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any \human face on facebook until monday, only an invasion of memories  (for \the fight against child abuse) copy and paste on your wall!!!"
had a wonderful night at my dads  i love my family  smile \\n
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately  re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world! i do!  smile 
"why do we sleep through church? but stay awake for a 3 hour movie? why is it hard to pray, but easy to cuss? why is it so hard to re-post a godly status but easy to re-post the mean ones? why can people worship a celebrity but not god? gonna ignore this? afraid to get laughed at? i bet 80% of you won't re-post this  the lord said \if you deny me in front of your friends i will deny you in front of my father\"" """
"hip hip hooray!!!!  going to salt lake on a shopping spree with <propfemale> may! no kids, no husbands!"
i just feel sick 
on\\n*bobbiedawn*
please share this on you <propfemale> to get the word out  thanks to everyone 
disney on ice and benihanas!!!! hooray!
"woo hoo! played darts with the whole family, 8 of us  and i won!!!!lots of fun  smile "
2 years ago today i was blessed with a beautiful baby boy  smile  happy birthday karter!
