b5faacb68ae71efc5a94b6b0e4c4e162
i have thursdday and friday off   but saturday and sunday im busy 7am-8pm   awesome yes?  whats good
authenticjerseyshop com = scam do not use that shit theyre taking peoples ssn's and personal info
any1 tryin to go to jacks's or somethin for the saints vs viks ?? dont have tv @ home right now and the radio just isnt cuttin it 
would the opposite of december be january? or is it june??
rip <propmale>   
finally got a interview for a 2nd job!!!!!!!!
"old people are funny, some old lady today wanted to make a complaint to the manager that too many people are speaking spanish    at foodmaxx lol"
im finally getting my room back after  2-3yrs? flooring goes in thursday morning!!!!
"shake the fake, deal with the real"
i don't eat berries but eat a <propfirst> like halle though
my lptop is mzing   survived  cup of sierr nev d   nd the only thing not working is the letter to the left of s
if anyone has a restricted licence can u msg me   dmv keeps sending me in circles like usual 
"\lost my mind and my cell phone in the same night\"""""
thanx every1 for the bday wishes my job even gave me a present   8hrs tomarrow starting at 6am   wooo   hooo   lol
work is reeaaaaally fucking with my sleep schedule -_-
"approx 300,000 people just bought theyre last beer for the night"
"\many who like partys like music\""    man   facebook knows everything"""
does lysol make computer virus's too?? every couple mins this lysol commercial runs in the background on my comp and theres no way to shut it off  if any1 knows how to fix this hit me up!
i need new music on my mp3 as bad as a stinky baby needs a new diaper  buy me a new comp and ill love u forever   good deal ya?
a beer after work just isnt the same at 11am   retail grocery = stay in school
happy bday all bday people !
damn its daylight already  haha gnite
woofuckinhoo! getting a new comp soon!
who needs itunes when myspace is still around?
"there should be a law against working random graveyard shifts  i should be sleeping right now but thats just not possible at this current time  next step, nyquil "
i wonder how many people have gotten fired over stupid facebook comments  that shit just isnt right  (it wasnt me tho)
"i should work as a promoter of some sort  sold like 20 bags of shitty frozen food today, shitty meening awesome    lol  ya shitty means good   dont fire me "
"saw someone on a bicycle with speakers on it slappin \when im a billionare\"" riding down sundale   made my day haha"""
