0bca18eb64421c4d3f673ca8a6e6b284
back to sick again
i really hate my life
just wish i knew why
well im board all the freakin time and i have almost no real friends      when did that happen?
im board
et too bruta
me need sleep
i want to know whats on you mind  all i am is a completly unstable person who beats him self up mentaly every day over what he said or did wrong  there is no end to this self inflicted pain not untill somthing changes  fuck it i will be partyin till then 
ugh i got to over sleep for once this is a good day
<propfirst> the kid what cool but he could never take <propfirst> ringo
i always wonder what am i going to do but i am wondering most of the time where am i going with what i am saying right that secound
"what's on your mind? feels like im taking an ink blot test  so my lucky number is 3, favorate color is orange, i have a scar under my left eye, and i have never found anyone who knows how to discribe me  go!"
fail
looks like im moving out  finaly!!!
whats on your mind?
what's on you mind?
i like criminal minds awsome show  no matter how much i have watched it i have never talked about it 
ah hell im feeling goooood haha!!!!!!! stupid humans i only like red clouds water dogs  eat it eat it eat it haha time now for squid 5 baby?
bad dog bad those are my shoes  wait i only wear boots 
i like fighting
sorry no intenet at the place im living
aw who the fuck cares
why do i care at all  all that i have wanted to do is undertand the human mind and that is mainly because i cognitively i am abnormal  turns out the only reason i look at facebook is because i am board and a little depressed 
aah hell im screwed bad this time yall! doomed i tells ya!
so whats up with wendyz?
i freakin need a job this is getting old about 15 apps just sitting there 
no rest for wicked
9 out 10 doctors think the 10 one should chill out
mind reading would be cool
the ability to read minds would be cool
every body  every body  every body wants be a cat 
hm this looks like evection to me  <propmale> roomates who cares about rent 
and all i had for dinner was some sleep
"alone, sad, maby crazy"
human thought?
no home now airbed in the living room of my parents place wow im a loser 
arrrg
a good thing maby
what am i doing up at before 8?
nothing good happens when i wake up early
fighting my own mind
i live in a very strange world  nice place though some of the people in it suck  whats gonna work! teamwork!
<propmale> was one of the greatest people to ever live  changed the world  wish i could do that
think my mind is getting better  but still dont know any nice single lady that want to give me a <propmale>    still going to be a sec before i can think about dating   revalution
if you are strong you can take great amount of pain but takes a wisdom to know not to 
confusion! i got to find a place to call my own 
just watched bolt now hellraiser 2 man the switch makes it more evil!
think it would hurt less if i nailed my legs to a chair  work is pain 
you know you are out of food when you have decided to eat popcorn out of a banjo 
funnyest thing that i have heard in a while 'dont crap in an envelope and mail it to yourself'  now tell me who said that 
work work work hope tonight i get to see my friends
moving day
now unpacking  life is better it seems
losing weight which is cool  hope to lose around 20lbs 
what's on your mind? write a comment    thats all you ever say facebook!
woke up early    zombie movie time!!! then off to work booo!
ugh somthing was not right with that pizza    but i could not let it go to waste  and the word of the day is regret!
ya know for all this money put in to school you would think i would have figured out when it starts
just say it what about me is creepy!?
what about me is creepy?!
trying to sleep early tonight
not ready for work    no way im ready for school monday
losing sleep and mind me thinks arrrg!
ever feel like you see the bear trap and trip then start to fall head first to it one of those days
its good to see good people
awsome day for once  hope this turns into a trend
working this much is good money but its just a pain having no free time but the night
student of behavior  who would have thought that means mind reader
i want a tin foil hat now!
why should try so much to be somthing great i will still the strange man with a few good ideas and most of them are bad ideas
insane there i said it but also interisting  the hatter and the joker your just verbs thats not a name
socialy i feel starved 
im going on the roof now
taken it easy today
i love being a joker
work or school
work or school  eh can i just have fun
its been a good day
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst> and a drink is win
i need to fill a water bed with ice 
going to fill a waterbed with blue icey 
why is it hard to find happyness if there is so much good in the world
yeah and we drink alone
just 5 more <propfemale>
there is no good part of the day
freakazoid is my favorate super hero what better super power than mania  whats yours facebook
today was the first time i had a dream and looked in a mirror and saw myself 
i got my hair cut kinda like it
i am weak there i said it but i never gave in to the pain 
ya know the is no good reason to get into the microwave 
zombie walk was fun wish it was not so short
so i had a dream that i had a bed that had a piano behind the headboard at first wanted it then it was annoying is sounds like what i always do 
its like all week was a bad party 
think im just starting to lose control
had a good day  note to self i owe <propfemale> a big favor and i say no more
destroy the humans!!!
know where i could get a <propfirst> gun?
i have no idea what kinda face paint to put on today
like a boss
human beings will always tell you the truth about them self you just cant let them know your looking for it 
going to the rep today if i can ever wake up 
i called a place to get treatment and left a message monday    no return call is disapointing    in mania i dont need help and when im in the lows im not going to ask for it too afraid 
samlet? i like going to the rep
i really hope she will
"hope is one thing i have left  me and my own mind fight too much, most of the time i give in to what i want to do, but not this time i have got me right where i want me  wont even know what hit me!"
hey just got a new phone lost all my <propfirst>
haha i win im a loser! wait a sec aw   
ugh i am tired    isolated
nope your never going to care haha
yeah i am the dog  hound of hell yea cry  devil on your back  i can never die
forgiven 
quit eating people you freak
stayed home by myself and didnt even see relatives  not even a little of turkey or ham and i have been the least annoyed on this day in years nope make that ever
so im going to walmart at midnight i have been training for this all my life    read about me in tomarrows news paper
in all my years there is one thing that i have never seen  a chicken in a man suit 
ya know what im doing alright for once
"somthing has been making me mad, its the way people put \lil\"" in front of things to make it sound cute or what ever  just for the love of buddha spell it out or just forget it """
ok so the chicken in a man suit has gone on too long! and the winner is      <propmale> knotts!
i dont want to do much today  stressed about finals angry at friends 
lot to do finals are almost over
i will never break again 
<propfirst> need to stop
so how am i still awake
freakin tired of finals talk the halls are filled with jargon questions  i just want the test so they will be quiet
your my boy blue!
im going to learn how to sing the grinch song
people are asking me what im learning the grinch song for and all i can say is sounds like fun
get a job!
is it just me or everything is really boaring
i know i shouldent be embaresed but it is a sensative subject all i can say is wish me luck
sitting on an angry chair
braking dog as an alarm clock is late cant figure out how to turn it off
ugh do not feel good
bum bum bum id like to be under the sea in an octopuses garden in the shade
does not know any more im tired of being an honest relable nice guy seems all i do is suffer because of who i am
i think these meds are making me dizzy
ok the first few gifts i gave went over awsome  hope its 2 more days of it 
yep its a good weekend  sorry relatives
ok worst time to get sick i have an interview tomarrow
i need to sleep more
man im weird haha its so much fun though  like if you put a toster in a microwave in an oven!
thats it im not going out again untill im well  or if walmart calls me
i am not looking forward to this
worked for 2 hours so far im freakin tired  all it has been is watching training videos and paperwork  i would like it more if i was up and moving more 
oh dang i got to be at work in 4 hours what am i still doing up
one more day and i say good bye to all my free time 
ok no school tomarrow little more free time
i started to realize that there is so many painfull memories attached to this time of year its no wonder why i let myself go an have no free time i just had a momment to think and everything came back  it would have been so much better to stay out of my memories  what is forgiven?
worst day of work i have had in years 
"lonesome dove, gangs of new york, and public enemies are my favorate movies but they take too long to watch some other time friends "
enfp if that means anything to you 
hanging out in the chinese place down the street from pulaski tech i miss the old crew haha
kickem in the dishpan i need to get paid
dont care anymore i just dont
today will be better
need to keep trying i cant give up any time soon
2 near misses in the parking lot and one lady i think was crazy and i have only been here an hour make that 3
warm bed alone    well it is warm
so somebody was a no call no show today and i was the only other person there  today has me being an asshole because im tired of being blamed  i work very hard and i do everything i can but i cant do the job of two people  i just need a hammer
top chef is good but i just want food
x box kinect is epic makes me wish i could dance
over slept i just hope that i dont have another day like the last
