923c1f1fac40205e7ab9cb3e12194053
is painting the kitchen    woop woop! and missing her   
is chillin with kev n <propfirst> <propfemale> 
yay finally got job! ha 20 hours but w e    one step closer    happy birthday <propmale> n austy
ha trying to get ready    just cant
is geting ready for beach   
do do do da do do do do do da do do do do do da do
"eh, its nine thirty    who needs a beer"
work til six
ha lovin it    wish u were here?
damn she perfect
food then sleep woop woop
four dayz!
"yippee aw, yippee yea"
going to the beach with no sunshine  laugh 
i wish i had that hot dog now
"torn disbelieving separation i close my eyes to see you this is for you, everything i am this is for you, take it from me torn disbelieving separation i close my eyes but there is no escaping this in your arms in your soul i will be rejuvenation breathe m"
19 more dayzzzzz
i love my beautiful girlfriend!!!!!!!!!!!!
wtf   
wake uppp
 laugh  <propfemale>'s b-day tomorrow!!!!
scariest day  ever!
down on main
why cant the glass be half full all the time?    at least once in a while
breakfest = 4 ibu'z & 1 xl-coffee   
cheese
can't wait to see her once i get outta here!!!
i love my chick yeah yeah i love my chick!
gym    for the first time since ive been paying for it     at least four months ago
alive but just breathing
love you with everything
loved*???????
wtf happened
have a safe drive children miss you already darnit!
just want to hold n squeeze her     have fun with ur <propfemale> poo
still going out tonight ladies????
ballz
creeper
uda
i love my chick yut yut
tacos were slamin last nite  i wish i was playin catch wit lil man instead of sns bs
happy birthday to my baby girl!!!
new laptop yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
day one! made it to the gym! <propfemale> made a pack of at least five days a week    i only last about 25 minutes this morning    but hey ill get there!
i love my chick yeah yeah!
still waiting for the pot of gold    i mean im all about rainbows right? maybe tomorrow ill find the green guy with my treasures
i love and miss and wanna squeeze my chick
si
nap time
