f2a2b9cfb4ccfe5c1dfe39bef1d1fa8d
achk homecoming    
"hahahh this was so fast, just creatido this facebook <propfemale>"
"suckas i just got back from freedom academy, the military is hardcore"
"i am so tired      hehah just kidding, im ninja cited!!!"
"sweaty and i suck at volleyball, yay!!! need more skills   "
sometimes we wear stretchy pants   in our rooms     just for fun   
just finished an awesome first volleyball game of the season    we won fools!!!!!~!!
lick something cold   
"hamsamahmahmhmhamhammahmahmahmahamhmahmham, food    "
"is so freakin tired, but had loads of fun at the beach, what!!!!"
everyone lies sometimes      i want black hair
the truth is     
"i think im doing pretty good, seeing as im not dead yet    "
so tired of everything    
"they call me <propfemale>, somethingsomething, thats not my name     thats not my name      "
californi a  yaaaeaaaahha
"duh nuhnuhnuhnuhnahnuhhhhh, ghostbusters!!!! duh nuhnuhnuhnuhnahnuhhhhh,"
what what   
happy thanksgiving!!!! hahahehea
"hate feeling pressured, and whatnot    hah just kidding   "
respect my authoritah!!!
"hmmmhmm, -10 degrees outside    "
hearing drama es so amasing!!!
little kids are     blank  decide for yourself   
<propfemale> chrisstmasssssssshhhhhhhhhh!!!!! leshgoow!!!   (hannah miss you)
its sooooo funny how people give rotten gifts with the right mindset     its the thought that counts eh    
"i'm a  going to the mountain tomorrow, yussssss    everyone is so jealous  jk   maybe"
"wishes to dominate a mountain by conquering it with her aweshome (hmhm  wink ) ski skills, but cannot because it is far too cold to do anything but sleep and read and watch movies     soooooo depressing  :b"
"hmmmmm, so tired of stupid inconsiderate people"
"backboards, oxygen and baby asprin, say yes if you think emts are awesome   betta say yes mofos!!"
"stomach flu, ackh, nasty puke    "
eyes be burning from the sunlight!!!                        
the woogie woogies are coming    (scream hysterically!!!)
we shall fight!! what weapon do you choose     i will use my bear hands     -that is stupid- i will use a sword and i will cut off your bear hands!
"may i have a glass of water, please "
i completed my stupid test and passed!! hhahah (triumphant laugh)
"lost is back on, and im kinda disapointed   sad face     *("
if his name is boob can i be <propfemale>   
<propfirst>'s day     is for couples     i am not currently in that    category    soooo  lets go to vegas!!!
"sickness, i feel so alone    my computer keeps crashing, so i keep starting over my editing for my movie, its like every five seconds, so sometimes i can save in between    soo sad, i am sobbing"
greetings sled god!
"ok, so i creeped on some profiles, and i must say, i am not impressed!!"
has anyone else noticed how little seventh graders and below are getting     a lot more    idk how to say this   
i ham worried that you have not been    bap-tized!!
i am in pain     eet is as postoillo weeshed!
hahah!! i got accepted into la film program!! victory is mine!!
i want a motorcycle!! (whiny voice com)
state debate is over! i'm so freaking happy!!!  laugh 
"senpai, could you stop making garbage? i'm not making garbage, i'm making a hamster home    ripp"
everyone looks so wholesome these days   
"hermmmit crabbbsss, hehahah, yussss, there was time so long ago when    mine died, i was so tramatized!!! mm gonna be 18"
"hahheah im going to nepal in june!!! yerp thats right,"
"southparrrrrrk!!! i have not watched you in sooo long, it is like seeing a long lost frienddddd    haheahh"
"<propmale> why wont you be friends with grandma?  <propmale>: i don't really have time right now   shes in the hospital, and you wont even be friends with her!  <propmale>: ok fine ill add grandma!  oh and i sent you a funny picture and you didn't respond to it!  > \\facebook- southpark"
"wherrt, i'm getting so tired of responsibility, oh to be a stupid little twit again, those were the days man!!!"
"i just went on my first run, eh   "
"i love molto <propfirst>, hes so fat and jolly!!"
"the kick-ass guy sounds waaaay better with his accent, no longer a prepubescent boy   kinda"
"i'm going to graduated in five days, thats so disgusting   "
"im done!!! hahah, now i shall take over the world    "
"bleh, stupid chick flicks by whatshisname, spark something    bleachhagadgd"
am so tired!!
flying out tomorrow!!! hahaheh!!  so long suckers!
"is finally in kathmandu, longest trip of my life!!! yay for qatar and tasty tasty food!!"
"hmm, pretty sure i had french fries yesterday   "
does anyone want a pirated dvd for 50 cents?    hahehhahh
just hacked my hair off with <propfemale> samurai sword!!! so short    
"wert!!! just read my profile for the first time in foreva, and it has changed!!! why has this happened, hmmm???"
freakishly tired     i think i'm a zombie!
"i hate software malfunctions- screw you apple!!! i must rant for at least five minutes to burn off my excess rage!! stupid lazy apple people cannot make my fabulous canon work with their retarded computer   in the words of <propmale>, i hate you, you're annoying!!! ahanahahahvhnanhanadhafh (sob violently)"
"ok, i feel  like i should say something to some incredibly harsh little kids  you guys are not being funny or mature,  your (all of you) crap needs to end, or at least not be posted on facebook   the continued drama that goes on between you is ridiculous and no one else cares   so grow up, stop the chiz, and move forward with what i'm sure will at least be a semi successful life "
i hate facebook
phones   
watching horror movies commercials makes me twitchy   
wishes joining the army for dinero wasn't my only option- then again debt is always a possibility   
is going to hack up a lung next time someone burns the bacon   
"is so depressed because she lost five dollars!!! hah, so poor   "
"eh, i just realized how much i use the whole <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> thing!"
"i feel like saying something intelligent so here goes, i'm so freaking tired!!!"
"hah heck yes!!! i'm leaving!!!! adios peoples of green river, i would throw <propfemale> at you while i left but i have no monies to buy it    laugh "
uno buddie!!!
"brrrrrringgggg it on, hahahahh, stupid cheerleaders    jk jesus loves everyone   kinda  laugh  "
ah biola     where is the psychotically warm weather you promised? oh wait its behind that rain cloud   
"yeasssss    everyone should headbang to absolutely no music, it makes them look sooooo much cooler    "
i look like an alien   
"what is up with all of the deepness? give me the shallow, beauty is only skin deep people, give me the girls who wear gucci (thats right-didn't capitalize) and think they are better than everyone else-including those other girls wearing gucci, give me the people who will never actually have personal success   oh wait     i already have all of those people!! here in california!!!   what gloriousness   "
i love chillin!!!    cause i'm fly like a g6   
its time to pump out a four <propfemale> essay for british lit    
"hmmmm, today was great spelling error i had lots of fun spelling error, i love my imaginary boyfriend spelling error     spell it correctly goshdangit!!! (and capitalize your \i\""s!!!)"""
i feel like eating an    apple? hm   
i hate homework    i cannot focus for the life of me!!
"sooooo, my phone is out!!! (god rest ye phone, you were very good to me and whatnot) and anyone who gives a shizzley about me shall not get angry or resentful if i doth not text them back    been reading wayyyyy to much old english poetry   "
thinks that cosgrove sucks and zombiefries should take over the world!!!
super braindead   
"yeah, no more hills to climb   "
"its twelve twenty six, blehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
"life blehhhh, death note yayyyyyy"
thinks that cold in california is not acceptable!!!
bleh five minute scripts can die
is getting brainwashed by some jimi    screw school 
"someone seriously needs to make a movie about samson, not <propfemale>, just bloody samson  and they must include the part where he rips a lion up and thrashes people with a donkey's jawbone   yes that movie would blow avatar out of the water, and not just because avatar sucked to begin with     > laugh "
went to a club  fun 
i am back in the general vicinity of utah for the next four days     heavy sigh   
bleh   who's watching netflix and hiding from the bright utah sun? i am   
stupid facebook wouldn't let me write a novel!!!               soooo bored 
"can i just say that being in cali is so much better than being in utah, no offense to those who live in the nasty cold weather   at least your roads are better   "
i wish i was a model so i could not look f<propfirst>ping shtupid every day of the week  also wish i could be <propmale> <propfirst>'s reincarnated soul    just kiddinnnnggg  for all you christians out there   laugh 
"just thought about how weird the word psalm is, ps alm, salm, psssalmmmm  its  weird  and yes i know its almost one  don't care "
is in dire need of some fleeping concentration so she can finish her bloody script about out of control film students!! somebody get me a coffee ok?  wink 
vegaaaassss!!! i love you  smile 
"bah   i hate finals \\but   i love coffee   and animal crackers   annnnnd watching people surreptitiously play the sims 3 in ot    build your house <propmale>, el professor will not notice "
i am still uppppppp!!!! yaayyyyyyy for documentaries about meth and gangs in el <propmale>   you are my life 
believes that she just tore her spleen open from sneezing too hard   
"ehh, finals suck  i want it to be done  like right now      now "
has a strong sense of dislike for the pious twits in this world   
"got my hair hacked off, and i now look like tinkerbell    kinda    "
i have no shizzing idea what i will do for a whole bloody month    
someone tell me something funny to give me hope    
imma change mah name!!! and i think leonitis the great has some warmth and life to it   call me   leonitis   
has realized that she's a bit of a coward    
my camera just went to hell  and then resurrected itself  and then went to hell again    screw  life  bleh 
"meh  my fish died \\ rest in peace <propmale> quixote  orrrrr doc holiday, whatever "
has a love hate relationship with an ambulance   
space is invisible mind dust! and stars are wishheesssss!!!! (high creepy voice) yayyyyyyyyy!!!~
i am incredibly in love with documentaries   i would put some hearts down if i knew how     eh no i wouldn't but still 
it was the winklevoss!!
"hates basketball, no seriously hates it!!!! ah am boredddd "
