b6f77c06fcbc93e5ee7a99f3ea265210
hope everyone had fun last night!!  <propfirst> got shitfaced and now is sick  lol   sux to be him!!   smile 
"live for today, not the future "
going to fill in @ work   trenedy's 2nd day of preschool is tomorrow   she's so excited!!
"if you don't judge me, i won't judge you   just remember, we all get judged in the end "
gonna go pick trenedy up from preschool  smile   then off to the doctors   just what i want to do     sad 
geting ready to put trenedy to bed   tomorrow's another day   wish this cold would go away!   sad 
taking it easy today 
it's so nice out today!!  maybe we'll go for a walk   smile 
"a whole lotta shit, different day   lol"
life is what you make of it
watchin a movie   trenedy's at preschool 
tomorrows friday! yay!  not that i have anything planned! lol
not doing much
looks miserable and cold outside 
trenedy has a holloween party to go to on sunday   the advantages of school   
it snowed today   unusual weather for september   
going to get some things at the store   deciding on what to do this weekend 
the lessons learned in life are learned the hard way 
going to the holloween party
"not doing much   just got done popping the brownies in the oven, and changed the cat box   going to the coplay parade tomorrow   hope it's not too cold out "
"going to the coplay parade tonight   northampton's is on thursday, then bath's next tuesday "
it's so nice out today!  tomorrow is supposed to be nicer!  can't wait!
going to northampton's parade tonight   have a lot to do this weekend!
"birthday party today   then,off to do nothing   was gonna go to the pumpkin patch,but it's raining "
doing absolutely nothing   kinda bored   
folding laundry   gotta get trenedy up for school in 12 minutes   let my day begin!
meatloaf tonight   maybe ham tomorrow   undecided yet   gonna take trenedy to the park a little later   bath parade tomorrow 
pissed off at the world   plain and simple 
"trick or treat is on friday,  then again on saturday   she's gonna have <propfemale> much <propfemale>!"
just got up   still tired   had a long day yesterday   tomorrow is trick or treat 
"so, just got home   have a headache   too mny kids screaming! lol"
trick or treat tonight   trenedy is a cheerleader   we have trick or treat tomorrow night too   <propfemale> much <propfemale>    
running to walmart for a last minute thing   i hate when things just pop up 
trenedy got so much <propfemale> last night   going today again 
"<propfemale> much to do, so little time to do it in   doesn't help that i watched a movie    smile "
going to bed   sooo tired   
"laundry, pick up trenedy, then bowling "
taking trenedy to the park 
doing a load of laundry   <propfirst> had an interview today for public works   hope it gets it!!
not doing much   trenedy's watching spiderman 3 
gotta pick <propfirst> up from the vet at 5   he got neutered today   no baby makin for him! lol
laundry day   i do laundry alot it seems   
happy that <propfirst> got the job!
"going bowling   trenedy's @ her grandmas tonight   if shes bad, no more sleeping at gramdmas"
just got done making out my grocery list   grocery shopping tomorrow   how fun   lol
took <propfirst> to work   now just have to take trenedy to school @ 9 
getting ready to go to my moms
doing absolutly nothing   kinda bored   
just got home from taking my mom to her doctor's appointment 
getting ready to go to work   how fun!! lol
tired  going to bed   just waiting on <propfirst> 
trenedy has school pictures today 
now i'm curious   lol  smile 
taking trenedy to school   let the day begin!
<propfirst> will be home in an hour and a half for his lunch   time is going fast today   smile 
making dinner then off to bowling 
making cookies today   yum! lol
don't feel good today     sad 
baking <propfirst> a birthday cake   smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!   smile 
trenedy got to ride in a firetruck today 
<propfirst> just got done cleaning our closet   i'm gonna be starting dinner soon   spare ribs! yum!
christmas will be here sooner than we think   it's around that time that i start baking a bunch of crap! lol
trenedy didn't go to school today   she didn't feel well   it's way too cold out anyways    smile 
can't believe christmas is almost here!
we have shealynn tonight   have to take them to school tomorrow 
"heard that you wouldn't care if you ever saw me again   i'm better than that   if you think that it hurts, your wrong   it just shows me the type of person you really are   just know that i will always love you   regardless of what you say about me "
went to kevins match last night   he did good!
snow tomorrow   i think they are calling for 3-6 inches   they are leaning towards the 6 inch <propfirst> though   <propfirst> will be out working 
<propfemale> parade is today   waiting for <propfemale> to come   smile 
<propfirst> has bowling tonight    2 more gifts to buy then i'm done  yay!
"have to go to giants   making christmas <propfemale> dinner tomorrow night, then church "
hope everyone had a great christmas!
playing the waiting game   
<propfirst>'s working so i can finally clean! lol
"getting ready to put trenedy to bed   then gonna wait for <propfirst> to get home from bowling   we finally get to spend time together, just us "
1 more hour until <propfirst> comes home   he just brightens my day    smile 
<propfirst>'s home sick   there goes my new year party    sad 
getting ready end this year with getting my drink on   have a safe and happy new year!!   smile 
playing wii with the family   i suck at it  lol
<propfirst> just came home   yay!  he really does make my day!
another day with a headache   this cold just won't go away 
getting ready to pick trenedy up form school   time goes by so quickly   
"how did we meet? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that, answer for me! this should be fun!"
i don't forgive people because i'm weak   i forgive them because i'm strong enough to know that people make mistakes 
the greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still finds you completly amazing 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% won't copy and paste this, because they're idiots  they're just too stupid to know how to copy and paste "
not doing much   just gonna go get something to eat 
playing the wii with <propfirst>   smile 
i love my mom! ? ? ? for all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today    please copy and paste to your profile! i e playful ect to see this many times on my <propfemale> 
if you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need! i love my kids  they may not be perfect but they are mine and i love them unconditionally!
another day   can't wait until july!!
"by the way, your welcome for the picture i sent you "
"my life has had ups and downs, but i wouldn't trade it for the world "
"if you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you, then repost this    because great men are few and far between, and i appreciate and love mine ? ? ?"
"doing some laundry, then off to do whatever!  smile "
1 in the morning and trenedy is still up   ugh   why won't she sleep!!!
"what was the #1 song when you were born? google it, look it up, and post as your status! mine was \on my own\"" <propfemale> labelle and <propfirst> mcdonald"""
so bored   gonna start lunch soon   <propfirst> will be home for luch soon as well   can't wait!  smile 
"ok so, might have to have trenedy's birthday party the last weekend in march   her birthday is the day before easter this year   not sure where to have it yet   "
it should be a sin to get up this  yearly   
still not snowing   wtf   8(
just came in from outside with the girls 
going to bed   don't feel well     sad 
"i'm tired, trenedy is still up and <propfirst> has to be @ work for the begining of snow removal by 4 am   uggh   the overtime he makes is good though   "
watching <propfemale>'s best dance crew 
"got our income tax today! new car, here we come!! lol"
it's <propfirst>'s week on facebook  change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together  <propfirst> and i were together for 7 yrs 
hope everyone had a great <propfirst>'s day!
out and about today   don't really like sitting @ home 
i've been up since 5:45 today   i'm tired and cranky    sad   it should seriously be a sin to get up that early!
"to the world, you might be 1 person   but to 1 person, you might be the world   smile "
"its my life, imma do what i do   and if you dont like it, its cool, fuck you "
do not know what is up with my phone   can not recieve text messages  ughh   
sooo funny   idk why i keep logging in here!  possibly becase i cant text anyone   
"being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men "
gonna be putting trenedy to bed soon   its been a long day    
<propfirst> will be home for lunch any minute   gonna make grilled cheese i think   
gonna be taking trenedy to school in a couple of minutes
don't fix what isn't broken
<propfirst> will be home in a couple of minutes   trenedy gets registered for kindergarden on the 26th!  she's getting so big   time flies to fast!
"a child is the happy memories of the past, the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future "
"a child is the happy memories of the past, the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future "
"a child is the happiest memories of the past,the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future "
goning to fill in for my brither while he's at regionals   good luck kj!  smile 
"life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away"
going to a birthday party   trenedy will be 5 in 27 more days!  can't wait!!!   smile 
another nice day out!  the weather is def  spoiling me   tomorrow through monday they want rain   sad   i'm def gonna miss the sun   
"gonna take trenedy to the park since its decent outside, while i still can!"
sooo bored!!  this offically sux   i hate having nothing to do   
going to pick trenedy up from preschool 
painted my mom's dining room and stairwell last night   didn't get home till 3 am 
"laundry, then, outside before the rain comes tomorrow and tuesday   i'm so tired of the rain   only 4 more months till we go to texas!  can't wait!!"
"so, we are moving trenedy's party to friday night cause we are going to baltimore saturday and sunday "
had a decent day today    i'm going to bed now   i shouldn't even be up this late considering that trenedy has school tomorrow 
"first concert you attended! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where and what your fb friends' first concert was  copy and paste this on your profile, then put your first concert at the end of this sentence  mine was <propfemale> spears and 98 degrees at allentown fair   lol"
"if you have a wonderful husband, fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you, then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve   because great men are few and far between, and i am blessed to have one ? ?"
happy birthday <propfirst>!!
sitting outside  sooo nice out! waiting for <propfirst> to get home from bowling 
got the internet back on   switched providers 
"my little sister, 2, says \ hi esha\""  lol   so cute!"""
leaving for york 
"very boring today   raining outside   seriously, where is the sun??"
"ok, still bored   serioulsy cant wait for july to come!! 3 months till we leave for texas!!"
getting trenedy's bath water ready   then out to do some grocery shopping 
"so, trenedy's preschool gradutation is the 26th of this month   then in 3 5 months she starts kindergarden!!   smile "
happy mother's day to all the mommies and mommies to be!!  enjoy your day!!  smile 
"trenedy graduates preschool, wednesday the 26th @ 11 surprise 0 am   let me know by thursday night if you want to go so i can tell them how many adults!   smile "
getting ready to pick trenedy up from peschool
"everytime you think you're finally out of a hole, you end up falling into another one that is 2x bigger than the one you just came out of   can never get ahead    annoyed "
mr  sun    sun    mr  gloden sun    please shine down on me!!! lol  i love this weather!  smile 
"so, monday is trenedy's last day for preschool!  getting ready for her graduation on wednesday!  so excited!   smile "
"don't you just love when you tell someone something that you want to do, and then they go and do it and then proceed to rub it in your face?  pisses me off     annoyed "
"today was trenedy's last day of preschool!!  now, just the graduation on wednesday!!  yay!"
"we had a busy weekend   wedding on saturday, then picnic on sunday   cleaning house today, then hopefully outside    smile "
"so, carnival today   just don't know which one   fullerton or hockey   "
"so it was $15 for a wrist band for trenedy @ the carnival   it was worth it though   she actually got on all the rides exceptfor the big ferris wheel  oh, and now she is officially a cheerleader   she starts july sometime    smile "
on my way to take <propfirst> to his 2nd job
omg   so bored  im reduced to playing solitaire   ugh
awake   and my back hurts   cant wait till tomorrow!!
bored   on my way to the airport
sitting outside   going to hit up the liquar store with <propfemale> lol
out with my cuz   gonna get our drink on!! lol
@ hammerheads   so dead here   gonna go somewhere else soon 
grad party today  if u wanna talk text me  484 538 6069
pissed   well pissed aint the word for it   annoyed  how come nothing is like it should be?
happy fathers day to all the fathers that actually take care of there responsibilities 
@ the mall with <propfirst> trenedy and kj  old navy later with <propfemale> 
"sitting outside, kids in the pool and just lovin every minute  smile "
"pool tomorrow, out friday and maybe saturday   im turning into such an alcoholic  lol"
cleaning then pool   unsure of the rest of the day 
@ the pool  beach tomorrow  smile   this is why i love the summer!
change of plans  no beach tomorrow  ill go back to the pool if i have to 
awake and out of bed   back to the pool @ noon 
"on our way to beltsville  i know, we are always changing our minds lol"
on our way home   enough for one day  smile 
fuckin phone aint working right   at least on fb   text me 484 538 6069  smile 
facebook dont work   text me 484 538 6069
"oh shit facebook finally works!  see, a little bitching goes a long way lol"
sitting inside  2 words: air condition 
sittin outside since it got cooler 
"24 today!  pool, shopping then out   today is turning out to be a fun day!"
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!  smile 
ready to go out   text me  smile 
sitting here feeling bad about everything  thanx   
just bought an ice cream from the ice cream man lol
tired   didnt sleep last night   im gonna try to go to bed early 
taking it easy today   a little better then yesterday
so my everyone went back to tx  sad   what am i gonna do without <propfemale>??   sad   my life is gonna be so boring now   
awake and out of bed   another hot one   
"when all is said and done, i will b the one, to leave u in the misery and hate what you've become    "
"last one to go to bed and up before everyone else   apparently, i dont like to sleep   "
gettin ready for <propfirst> to take me to beckys drive in to see eclipse : ) so excited      cant wait : )
"at the park with trenedy, then to <propfemale>'s drive in  smile "
at beckys drive in   waiting for eclipse to start  smile 
<propfirst> caught a mouse today lol  its outside now lol
its absolutely beautiful outside!  not sure what we r gonna do for the rest of the day  smile 
sitting here at the barber waiting for <propfirst> to get done
"hopped out of the bed, turn my swag on, took a look in the mirror, said whats up    smile "
sitting on a hill and waiting for the cementon fireworks to start  smile   did i mention i was cold?? lol
so last night was very   interesting lol  smile 
"this time i need a soldier, a boy that knows how to take care of me, wont be just comin over   lol i like that song  smile "
another predicted heat wave   
"sitting outside watching trenedy do her sparklers   1 box down, 11 more to go  smile "
woke up with a uti   joy   kyle just went down to giant to get me cranberry juice
"nothings official yet, but me and <propfirst> might be going on a cruise  smile "
"i found, the closest thing to heaven, thats in u  i found, the deepest love i knew  i believe, yes its true, i found myself, when i found u"
"watching maury  all i got to say is these girls would know who their baby daddy is, if they would stop spreading their legs for every guy that comes on to them"
"so its gonna be hot again, im not complaining but a little rain would be nice   "
"just got done hanging up some laundry on the line   now, sitting on the porch waiting for <propfirst> to get home "
"i dont give a damn about what other people think, or worry about what they say, so what do ya think about that?  smile "
just about to take a shower and then make <propfirst> lunch for when he comes home  smile 
sitting outside today   today is much better than yesterday   its still hot though  smile 
this breeze feels soooo nice!  smile 
"so, im up   what more do want from me? lol"
"dear cramps,                   once again u unleashed ur wrath on me   so fuck u   im gonna medicate myself until i cant feel u no more   "
"my wish for u, is that this life becomes all that u want it too   ur dreams stay big, ur worries stay small, u never need to <propfemale> more than u can hold"
so gonna go see the northampton fireworks tonight   then home to put trenedy tp bed 
northampon fireworks: where the hell was the grande fanalie??  coplay was waaayyyy better   kinda disappointed  sad 
"like <propfirst> said, \it is what it is\"" lol"""
i dont know   lets just say im left in the dark again   what a life i have   
à my moms 
going back up to my moms for a little   then who knows     smile 
so i reopened my belly button piercing today   it hurt and took forever but i did it  smile 
"kinda pissed today   u said what u said, then want to turn it around on me?  im just doing what u told me to do   whatever :"
"i did the laundry last night, cleaned today, still have 2hrs till <propfirst> comes home and i have no idea what to do   got to love it  smile  lol"
just waiting for my baby to come home from work   smile   i love u hunny!!  smile 
"minus the rain, its a pretty good day so far"
just waiting for <propfirst> to pick us up   have to go cash his check and be broke again lol
trying to grocery shop with $47   lol
going to be taking <propfirst> back to work then off to clean out the <propfirst>  smile 
"so the <propfirst> is clean, some laundry is done and now gonna make some lunch for me and trenedy  smile   <propmale> and cheese   yummy lol"
chicken and buttermilk buiskets for dinner  going to start it right after <propfirst> gets home from work  smile 
"laundry: check   clean van: check   breakfast, lunch, dinner: check   cleaned up: check  relaxing time:         notice how its not checked   yeah   "
people make messes then dont clean them up   once again <propfemale> gets stuck with double of what she's supposed to have  annoyed 
its just one of those days     sad 
job interview on monday  smile 
sitting around looking at 4 walls   fun   i have no idea what we're gonna do today
"if we r gonna make this work, u got to let me inside even though it hurts  dont hide the broken parts that i need to see  like it or not it the way its gotta be"
"at the park with trenedy and <propfirst>   after this, fishing for a little  smile "
cleaning and laundry   interview later today    smile 
done cleaning   now getting ready for my interview 
making steak and broccoli and cheese   : ) yummy  lol
got caught in the rain literally   we r soaked!
tv guy should be here soon 
at the junk yard with my brother   another one bites the dust lol
at the library with <propfirst> and trenedy   story time today   trenedy enjoys it : )
waiting for <propfirst> to get done working   : )
<propfirst>'s gonna atempt to pull trenedy's tooth   its really really loose lol
"treat ur woman like a lady, ur never too old to call her baby  never let ur prayin knees get lazy, and love like crazy"
just got done cleaning   seems like thats all i do   it comes with parenthood  i wouldnt trade it for the world   smile 
thank god its friday! the weekend is just about here   not that im doing anything lol
walked to the park with trenedy   its so hot out!
"in life, the road may fork  so drive carefully  lol"
"sometimes, u have to admit ur weaknesses "
bedtime   goodnight!  smile 
on our way home   crazy drivers and wet roads dont mix well   lol
trying to find the cheepest air flight to and from texas
getting ready to head over to my dads
sitting outside of kyles work waiting for him to get off   then off to my moms to put more of their fence up 
"sitting outside   waiting for my mom to get home   hangin out here for a while, then back home : )"
trenedy is sleeping at my moms tonight   its about time we get alone time!! : )
"i like to play with it, squeeze it like a stress ball   lmfao   u had to be there lol"
at my moms picking trenedy up   feel like crap today    
tv guy fucked up our tv   wtf   thank u samsung for the wonderful tv repair man   only happens to us
gettin ready for bed   moms again tomorrow   have a lot to do
"i got beauty, i got heart, keep my head in them books, im sharp but u dont care to know im smart   theres nothin not to love about me lol"
"right now, i just want to hop out of this <propfirst> and say fuck u    uuuggghhh!!"
"trenedy's tooth just fell out\ first cell : )"""
on the way to take my mom to the doctors : )
at the doctors with pop   then home to make lunch and eventually clean so i dont have to do it saturday or sunday   friday is finally here!
"im tired of all this shit   seriously, this aint gonna work if u keep actin like u do   uuuggghhh!!!!"
i wanna know what love is   i want u to show me   i wanna feel what love is   i know u can show me 
doin some laundry  mom cut trenedy's hair   it looks nice : )
"painting moms living room floor  needs two coats, only on the first   second coat should go right on : )"
"cleaning really good   moving everything out   1 room down, 5 more to go "
headache today   ugh   i wish this sinus infection would just go away   
"ham's done and cut   potatoes will be on soon, followed by a veggy "
on my way to kmart
1 2 hr till <propfirst> gets home : )
"and so u know the way it feels 2 cry,the way that i cried when u broke my world in 2  i know a way 2 break ur heart  i learned from the best, i learned from u"
i am up waayy to early   this should seriously be a crime lol
just got done with the laundry and shampooing the floors : )  pool later
at the pool with trenedy  : )
im tired and smell like the pool   gotta make it through the rest of the day   
trenedys 2nd tooth just fell out : )
watching victorious with trenedy
"ur like a <propfemale> store, im a toddler , u got me wanting more : )"
up but still tired   3 smile 0 cant come any faster   
"u got spark, u got spunk, u got somethin all the girls want  : )"
toasted pb&j for lunch   mmm yummy lol
on my way to the poconos
outside   dont know what to do   
taking trenedy for a walk   perfect day for one!!
trenedy went to bed early tonight  <propfirst> and i finally had some quality time   i'm tired and i'm going to bed   goodnight everyone! : )
im up an soooo hungry!!!  lol
sitting outback watching trenedy play on her swing set 
starting the meat loaf and waiting for <propfirst> to get home
i hate when u talk to someone and when they reply its nothin but attitude   seriously  wtf i didnt do anything to u!!
have such a headache had it all last night too  its just one of those days where u would rather stay in bed
left over's for dinner   too hot to cook
watching ice age: <propfemale> of the dinosaurs with trenedy and <propfirst>
"shower, then gonna mop the kitchen and bathroom   house work will be done then! : )"
at the pool : )
"ive been up since 5, and didnt start a damn thing   maybe if this sinus infection would go away   "
laundry
"no hunny, ur penis isnt going to get any bigger   the only thing u get to look forward to is it shrinking down to a prune and ur balls hanging between ur knees"
fishin with the family : )
yardsale   
<propmale> e cheese : )
"watched drag me to hell last night with <propfirst>   i swear, i've seen it before"
on the way over to the hospital   i think trenedy has a uti  : (
no uti   but somethin else is going on    im not likin it
trenedy starts her bible school today   we have to be there by 5:45 and pick her back up at 8
waiting for <propfirst> to get off for lunch
drs with kyle   hopefully nothins torn
just got done cleaning   now what to do   
sitting in the church waiting for trenedys bible camp to end for the day : )
taking trenedy to her last day of bible camp   ice cream party today  smile 
mom's birthday party today : )
"so trenedy got her letter for kindergarten   she's in the p m class, which is good for her considering i still cant get her to go to bed at a decent time"
getting ready to go pick up my brother ¡ the airport : )
so <propfirst>'s out for <propmale> least another week
"have to take <propfirst> to his mri appointment ¡ 11 smile 0, then off to get trenedy's school supplies"
more mri's tomorrow 
takin <propfirst> for his 2nd batch of mri's at 1 today   then more laundry   gonna try to get out today
pool a little later   maybe
¡ community days
"its been a long day   i didnt know that i was gonna stand in line for over an hour, so trenedys could get her face painted, and almost get in a fight   awesome"
¡ trenedy's very first dentist appointment
sitting in the waiting room waiting for <propfirst> to be called back
<propfirst> goes back to work tuesday 
u got to love urself before u could ever love me
back from kindergarten orentation
cleaning today while <propfirst> goes to work for 3-4 hrs 
shool shopping here we come! : )
reading the paper and getting breakfast ready : )
"on this day, 2 yrs ago,  i married my best friend   happy anniversary hunny! i love u!  smile "
today is trenedy's 1st day of kindergarten!
off to school she went!!
"trenedy has been in bed since 8, <propfirst> is passed out on the couch and im still, apparently, a maid   ugh!  little help from the couch potato please!!   annoyed "
ppl always seem to amuse me   im not even gonna waste my breath  smile 
waiting for trenedy's bus to come
"park for a little, then home to bath trenedy and put her to bed "
a little chilly today  not too bad though   summer is getting farther and farther away : (
"it's quarter after one, i'm all alone and i need u now   said i wouldnt call, but i lost all control, and i need u now : )"
"i dont know what tomorrow will bring, but whatever it is, i'm ready for it"
"¡ the park with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, trenedy and <propmale> : )  then home so trenedy can watch icarly"
cleaning   what else is there to do on a rainy day?
all that bull shits for the birds  u aint nothin but a volture
almost time to put trenedy on the bus
gonna take trenedy to the park for a little
laundry
just got back from the park with trenedy and kj   she better be tired tonight!
went on a bike ride with kj   my legs hurt : ( lol
almost bedtime for my little <propfirst> of sunshine!  morning comes all too soon
just got trenedy's first fundraiser
"gonna be nice today!  after school, we're gonna take trenedy to the park   let the weekend begin!!"
it's sooo nice out today!!  definitly getting outside when trenedy gets home!! : )
on a walk with kj
walking back from style's park : )
"cleaning   i know its late, but id rather do it now then when my 4yr old sister gets here tomorrow   fun day at the park with the girls tomorrow!!"
ugh what a day   wake up with a headache and my nose is stuffy  i thought i got over this     sad 
"at the park with trenedy, shealynn and aleah   let them burn some energy!!"
"some things never change   depending on the circumstance, it can either be a good thing, or a bad thing;but sometimes when its a bad thing,we still cant let go"
me and <propfirst> took the girls to the park   now i have to hear them whine on how hot they r   geez! u never win!! lol
"had a long weekend   now that trenedy is in bed, i can relax a little"
kinda bored   was up at 6 so all my cleaning was done by 8 
my moms dog had 9 puppies yesterday 
my tushie is going to bed   morning comes way to fast
cold   me and trenedy both have it : (
meet the teacher night is tonight   trenedy has her first quiz today!  she should do good on it   we studied 15 minutes evernight for a week 
"so found out last night that trenedy has geometry   not to mention social studies, science, along with the reading and writing"
"now that i have no more interuptions, i guess i can finally start my cleaning"
my cleaning is done : )  now to enjoy the weekend!!
"life is like the game of monopoly   depending on ur role, some will collect 200, some will take alot of chances, some will go directly to jail and 1 will always get a free ride   so don't cheat life because when it's ur turn to role, in the end, u may lose everything u own  --<propfirst> reaser"
"dont treat ur relationship like glass   just because it's chipped or broken, it doesn't mean it can't be fixed"
im <propfemale> bored   kyle still isnt back from helping this one guy with his patio   its been 6hrs so far
"so far, this weekend turned out to be ok   minus the part where trenedy's sick   gotta love the weekend!! : )"
ramdon thought: men with big feet have small dicks too!! lmao
going to bed   trenedy had me up 5 times last night because of her belly hurting 
now i'm feelin so fly like a g6    
"death is not the end of a relationship   the relationship continues   it's now, just long distance   "
little miss trenedy should be getting out of school in about an hour   gonna start making dinner soon   i like it done by the time she gets home  : )
standing @ the bus stop waiting for trenedys bus  @ least its not raining anymore : )
"made steak, mashed potatoes and green beans for dinner    yummy!"
"ok, seriously, i am <propfemale> ready for bed   i had absolutley no sleep last night   im dead to the world right now   "
"what is love?  love cannot be described by words   love is a feeling   it's best described by ur actions   remember, actions speak more than words "
"might be moving in january   dont know yet though, everything is still up in the air  : )"
"what to do today   next weekend, haunted hayride"
lee-lee (aleah) is sleeping over tonight   gives trenedy someone to play with 
sitting outside waiting for <propfirst> to get home : )
i'm up and a load of laundry is in the washer   have to do trenedy's hair for her school pictures today   then more cleaning and then hopefully relaxing : )
just put trenedy on the bus   another rainny day   i hate the rain!!
done cleaning now onto dinner : )
i jst saw a bumpe sticker that read: caution! driver masterbaiting   lol ookkaayy lol
what made my day today? how about someone from craigslist asking me out on a date after i refused to buy his wii   awesome    lol
"getting tren ready for school, more laundry and maybe i'll make a cheesecake   yummy! lol"
cleaning   it's friday!!  going to tak tren on the haunted hayride tonight  i wonder how she's gonna react   lol
"whites are in the dryer, cleaning is done, tren is fed, bathed and ready for school, bookbag is packed and now im gonna relax until i have to move lol"
<propfirst> should be home any minute then off to the bus stop to get little miss sunshine : )
took tren on the haunted hayride last night   we waited in line for an hour and a half to enjoy 30 minutes of terror   lol gotta love it
the u s  marshal that tried to take me out on a date after i refused to buy his wii just informed me that i've been around the block a couple of times   i think he needs to check my info again lol
"im still tired and want to go back to bed   the way i feel today, i could probablly sleep all day long  :"
spendin quality time with the family : )
gonna go for a walk with tren and <propfirst> : )
"dancing in the dark, middle of the night   taken your heart and holding it tight   emotional touch, touchin my skin   asking u to do what u've been doing all over again    its ur love"
¡ the bus stop w  trenedy
seems like we never get out of the bad news   ugh!
watchin a baby story   makes me wish tren was still a baby   i miss those times   
ugh!!!  i think its time i start complaining!!!   annoyed 
"@ home with trenedy while <propfirst> goes bowling   oh and by the way, i'm kinda pissed   "
"it's couple's week!! copy and paste this with the date you got together : april 27th, 2003"
friday night and i'm sooo tired   i think i hear the bed calling my name
"its mommy week! post this as ur status with the date u became a mommy : april 3, 2005"
just got done watching how to train your dragon with trenedy and <propfirst>   : )
"pumpkin patch with trenedy, <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propmale>!!  : )"
carving pumpkins at <propfemale>'s   : )
"@ the bowling alley   this is our last game, thank god   i have such a headache   "
listening to a song called rice and beans   lmao   oh boy   lol
blankets and chairs are down for the parade   now to make the chicken nuggets
folding some laundry then time to clean
trenedy is rockin purple today   : )
"anyone want to buy a puppy?  there's 2 left  a male and a female   they are cockazhu's   they go for there 1st shots and de-worming next week   if interested, let me know so i can give u the info : )"
laundry is in the washer so now i can starighten up   northampton parade tonight
mom sprung a puppy on me   i cant keep it and she knew that   she tried lol
@ northampton parade   then off to giants to pick up some odds and ends
gettin ready for bed  thank god tomorows friday
dear cold weather   i hate u   ur seriously not doing anything for my cold except makeing it worse   
<propfirst>'s playing eyepet and i think he likes it lmao 
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn, but thats alright bc i like the way it hurts   just gonna stand there and hear me cry, but thats alright bc i love the way u lie   "
cleaning then off to the park : )  gonna enjoy this weather while its here
can not wait for tomorrow  anything in the middle 70s and up is my kind of weather!!
done with dinner   now watchin trenedy play lego rock band   its pretty interesting lol
bath parade later   just what tren needs   more <propfemale> lol
trenedy has a pajama party ¡ school tomorrow   i wish we had pj parties in school   lol
<propfirst>'s last day of work is friday   hello unemlpoyment checks 
getting tren ready for school   its nicer outside than what i thought it was going to be : )
makin some soup and watchin destination truth 
trick or treating tonight then again on sunday in northampton
trick on treat is just about over and then heading down to my dads
day 3 of these stupid back spasms   
trick or treating later   again
"hilight of the night:  2yr old boy knocks on door and says trick or treat   lady hands him a coupon for a frosty from <propfemale>'s   little boy looks at it and says \what am i supposed to do with this?\"" lol kids are so cute"""
spaghetti for dinner   then gonna go over trenedy's word list with her
"i swear, sometimes, i think i speak a different language than trenedy   "
trenedy got her school pictures back today 
did i ever mention that i hate this weather   grrr  annoyed 
just me and trenedy   gonna watch how to train your dragon and gonna make popcorn  : )
just sent trenedy to bed   time for me to relax : )
pancakes for breakfast?   probably
have a couple of errands to take care of before trenedy gets home
just me and trenedy again tonight
why cant she just go to bed like a normal kid??  why do i have to fight night after night with her??  so fustrated   
dont feel quite right today   
pickles : )
forgot the clocks went back last night   
cleaning   something got to help my sneezing   
cleaning-done   feed <propfirst> and trenedy-done   laundry- i'll get to it 
fire in coplay   not too often do u get something going on here   unless ur down on front st   then its a whole nother story
"getting everything together for trenedy   gotta shower her and feed her, then off to school "
"i'm everything u want  i'm everything u need   and every little part of u is a part of me  i'm everything u know  i'm everywhere u go  i hope that u see, that you're everything to me   : )"
"\you're gonna get a pincher bug inside of your kookie lookie!\"" -- trenedy   what kids come up with lol"""
the weather suprised me today   i thought it was gonna be like yesterday   it is sooo nice out!! : )
getting trenedy ready for school
having no phone really sucks!!!  can't wait to get it back!!
still no phone   wtf     sad 
job hunting   grrrr
job hunting    
gonna start cleaning out my closet   
it's <propfemale> cold outside!!  can't believe christmas is almost here   so much to do   
screw the people who dont give a shit about you   i'm done playing around with family
just found some really old photos of my 16th birthday party   deciding on whether or not to put them up   
new year   new drama?  we'll see lol
"trenedy got her ears pierced yesterday   i thought she was going to cry, but she didn't!  it looks so cute!  smile "
filing for my income tax!!  such a happy moment to know that i'm getting money! lol
"ok seriously,  why cant i live somewhere thats warm all year round??"
car shopping   
<propfirst> made dinner tonight   and it didnt e playful lode   lol
watching animal hoarders   i dont understand how ppl could live with that many animals   
"so aleah kept me up just about all night screaming and crying and to top it off, <propfirst> still didnt get paid by unemployment this week   grrrr!  can anything else go wrong!!!"
my head is freakin pounding   
"i try not to let things get to me   to eat me up alive   but to deny ur own flesh and blood   but its ok   because in the end, it wont be me whos hurting anymore   "
come on income tax    i could really use u right now
"heading to walmart on 248 with my mom, trenedy and my nan   window shopping for me!! lol"
"showered the little one, straightened up and showered myself   bedtime is just about here   "
still up   wtf   thought i'd be sleeping by now but trenedy has a really bad cough and it wakes her up   this is gonna be a long night   
doing trenedy's hair for school 
trenedy gets her report card today!  so excited!!
listening to songs from the late 80's into the late 90's 
snow day #6   tomorrow will probably be #7 
might go to baltimore for the weekend in a couple of weeks   we will see   depends on how much we have left of our income tax 
trenedy's school called to say that there's no school tomorrow   is it me or does it seem like they're home more than they are in school lately??
"dear snow and ice,  go away!!!  seriously looking forward to the warm weather, when ever it decides to get here!!"
making grilled cheese for <propfirst> and trenedy   then staring dinner   crisp crusted baked chicken with mashed potatoes and peas and carrots   yummy!!   smile 
playing go-fish and teaching trenedy how to shuffle cards 
come on income tax!! hopefully it'll be here tomorrow but if not then definitly friday!
bedtime soon   have to be up by 7 smile 0-8 surprise 0 
have to go to the library after tren goes to school   figures we would have a problem with our income tax   annoyed 
had to refile our taxes  wtf now we wont get them till the 19th the latest   all good though   we get a little over 54 hundred back   wooo hooo!!  smile 
heartburn   
"with my mom   officially start work tonight  schedule will be 8 smile 0, 9 surprise 0-1 surprise 0, 1 smile 0 am "
heading for work   glad this is the only time it will be this early in the morning bc i like my bed lol
lunch time soon   hhmmm what to make for the 4 girls   
im letting a 2 year old do my hair   this should be interesting    : )
bored   watching teen mom 2 
superbowl sunday!!! wooo!  one program where i dont mind watching the commercials! lol
bored again   what to do   
so <propfirst> picked the packers so i guess that leaves me with the steelers   go steelers!!!
why cant anyone who sings at the superbowl sing the national anthem normal??  do they always have to ruin it? now im just waiting for the game to officially start   steelers all the way!!
"man, that had to be the stupidest halftime show ive ever seen!!"
"f'n steelers   man, <propmale> f'n sucks!!"
up by 7 smile 0 and out the door by 8 surprise 0
"i have the most amazing husband in the whol world   he put up with a lot of crap that no other man would put up with   and now, even though things may be hectic right now, he still stands by my side and does what he can   i love you <propfirst>!!   smile "
waiting for our little love bug to get off the bus : )
ready to go food shopping then off to work 
at the doctors with trenedy and <propfirst>  she was sent home from school today   poor baby has an ear infection 
"trenedy went to school today   her ear feels clogged, but she has no pain   thank you childrens ibprofen!"
"getting ready for work   have to leave in about 30, 35 minutes"
got back from work a little after 2 am   now getting ready to go back to work 
done with work until tonight 
"this is a long shot, but, my mom was left with a female pit bull she has to get rid of   she doesnt do well with other dogs   shes not attacking the dogs, she just wants all the attention   shes about 2-3 years old   if u or anyone u know wants it, let me know   shes free "
3 am is just around the corner and i just got home from work   soooo tiiirrreeed!!!
chineese    yummmm lol
"just bought 2 pairs of pants   something i needed, but hate the price   "
"on my way to work   probably wont get out till 4 surprise 0, 4 smile 0ish am   then birthday party @ 1 pm "
giant then home to bed for a little
gotta start this cake so its done by the time the girls get here 
@ chuckie cheese   then back home for cake 
the day is whinding down and its almost time to cuddle with <propfirst> and watch devil   gonna put toy story 3 on for trenedy in her bedroom 
just got done watching devil   bedtime soon   im sooo tired   
"to celebrate <propfirst>'s day, change your profile pic to you and your spouse   include how long you've been together!!  <propfirst> and i- april 27, 2003"
"cleaning   then, absolutely nothing "
"work tonight   11,11 smile 0 pm-2 surprise 0 am "
"wtf? tellin people we dont take our garbage out??  yeah fuckin right   u knew we cleaned the play room out which resulted in 4 bags of toys   next time u talk, make sure its the fuckin truth!!   annoyed "
was called into work last night and now im heading back to work   crazy  smile 
random thought: i think its funny when a guy can wear his girlfriends pants lol
"happy valentines day to my husband   he's my world, my life, my everything   i love u!!"
heading to the bus stop
baltimore this weekend (maybe)   income tax is e playful ected to be direct deposited by fri   cant freakin wait!!  smile 
on my way to work   one night where no body knows where the damn garbage is   damn them and their peanut shells!! lol
<propfemale> nice out!!  its so nice to feel the warmth of the sun on my skin!!
"trenedy-\why doesn't a chicken wear underware?\""  kyle-\""i dont know  why?\""  trenedy-\""because underwear is made for roosters or cocks \""        (kyle's speechless)    lmao  the things kids say  lol"""
"got my car today : )  happy about that!  work tonight, baltimore aquarium tomorrow!"
"heading to work   actually, im almost there   (sigh)"
shopping today   have to get paint for trenedys room and look at a carpet for her   then gonna go look for some clothes for me  smile 
bought trenedy her carpet   now to find paint that don't cost an arm and leg  batimore was post-poned until tomorrow 
"@ walmart   how come whenever it seems u need assistance, no one is ever around?   annoyed "
"woke up with belly pains   plus side, i ruled out the virus "
haha  jokes on u!  this is gonna be good
my head hurts   i think im going through a coffee withdrawl lol
"i've been hearing alot of opinions about a pregnant <propfemale>   some people dont want their children to have them, and some people dont see the harm   my opinion, not letting ur children have a pregnant <propfemale> if they want one is like telling them they cant play with baby dolls   same difference "
"@ work already   time just seems like its dragging on   i wish i was in bed, all comfy and warm   "
"we slept at my moms a couple of days, so im getting ready to take trenedy to school   then to stop at home for a while "
"painting trenedy's room  after the painting is done, have to go pick up her new carpet  smile   can't wait to see the finished result!!"
i dont like being here at work by myself   no one around   in the middle of the night   its creepy
soooo tired   can't sleep   have to get trenedy's room completely painted by tomorrw night   still have a lot to do   
got a lot accomplished in trenedy's room today   still have a little bit to go yet   maybe ill be able to put her new carpet down earlier than e playful ected  smile 
trenedy's room is now completely painted!! yay!  now just got to lay the carpet down tomorrow and move her stuff in   smile 
trenedy's room is now completed!!  just have to put her furniture back in!!   smile 
"if its not one thing, its another    its ok though, im used to it lol"
one of those days were i could just stay in bed all day   
bored    
off to work
walking back from giants   it got a <propmale> bit chilly out from what it was this afternoon   
sitting @ coplay auto   gonna catch <propfirst> this time!  i want my damn car back!!  smile 
"pretending that im helping <propfirst> work on his car  even though im making things more complicated with all my \what's that?\"" 's   i love that im so helpful!!  smile  lol"""
what to do today   i guess the same shit i do everyday     annoyed 
waiting at the bus stop for trenedy and freezing my ass off   
took a nap today   have to be wake for work tonight considering that its the messiest night of the week
on my way home from work   cannot wait to get into my bed
almost at work
my state tax came today so i have a lot of running around to do   i guess its better than staying at home looking at 4 walls   
off to the bowling alley!
work tonight starting at 2am   the same for tomorrow   
im not here to catch u when u fall   im here to make sure u dont fall  smile 
"so far, had a crappy start to the day   couldnt get into work at 2 am, so had to go back at 5am   got 1 5 hours of sleep and still going strong   bowling later then back to work   "
my feet hurt      sad 
"this f'n bartender says one more thing, i swear, im gonna hop right over the f'n bar and knock her the fuck outk!!"
"it doesnt matter how old ur kids are, if u completly remove them from ur life or choose one child over another, ur a dead beat dad   i dont care   u did nothin for me anyway   "
"if i fall, will you let me down easy?  if i leave my heart with u tonight, will u promise me that you would treat it right??"
"payday cannot come soon enough   gonna get the rest of trenedy's birthday party items this week   everything will be bought except for the cake, of course     smile "
i cleaned and now it looks like a tornado went though the place   uggh   kids    back to square 1 
bed   nighty night lol
"invitations sent out, party supplies bought wednesday, cake ordered in about 2 weeks   i think i have party fever! lol"
"hi-ho, hi-ho, its off to work i go   laugh  lol"
"\tickle tickle   here come my     fingers\"" - kj lol"""
today was productive   got everything for trenedy's party out of the way  smile   now just waiting for the rsvp's 
omg   just one of those days   
about to go pick trenedy up from dance   then home to clean and do a load of laundry before <propfirst> gets home from bowling
omg!! we just got pulled over for a license plate light and then <propfirst> was accused of doing pot   they were gonna arrest him and take him for a drug test  wtf!
what a night   at least today is friday
trenedy has 2 more loose teeth   smile 
just got off work   i want my bed     sad 
cleaned home and now to bed   before trenedy gets up   
"gonna meet <propfemale> and <propmale> at the lehigh valley zoo with <propfirst>, trenedy and aleah  smile "
watching <propfirst> change the thermostat to our car   i like how we alawys get faulty shit the first time i buy a part   at least we get our money back for the first one and its fixed 
bowling  smile 
"did some laundry, cleanind a little bit and i have to go food shopping yet "
bowling then off to food shop
trenedy has slammed her thumb in the trunk today   ouch1!   sad    she's better though and her thumb still works  smile 
can not wait till friday!!  70 degrees ppl!!   smile 
gotta get trenedy ready for school and then help <propfirst> put in the water pump for the car
water pump is almost done  smile  yay!
water pump is done!
trenedy is going to be in the saint patricks day parade on sunday in allentown  smile 
why cant we have more days like this in the winter?  at least spring is right around the corner!   smile 
"hope everything goes well with this guy   if so, we'll have a chevy s10 instead of the eclipse"
the <propfemale> is in perfect sight and is no bigger than usual   
"st  <propfemale>'s day parade today!  if ur going, look for tenedy!  smile "
have a headache   
so cheerleading is next   gotta have her signed up by april 7th   i hope she likes it considering that this group does competitions   
cleaning
"meatloaf, potatoes and peas tonight   work later "
"dear cold, i know ur getting better, but i wish u were gone   my chest is starting to hurt    sad "
sleet   snow   great weather   sad 
banana  smile 
possibly the flu?  that would be my luck   thatk god i found a medicine that actually works for me   
my head still hurts   the medicine is calling my name
in my moms subaru justy   lmao   oooohhhh mmmmyyyy gggoooddd lol
car is down again!!  i just want to scream!!  i think the nearest <propmale> is calling the car      annoyed 
wish my stuffy nose would unstuff
dying my moms hair and adding highlights to it    smile 
trenedy's sick today  sad 
home finally   im starting to feel kinda sick  sad 
so cold   really wishin the warmer weather was here
"when us women are born, we are blessed by mother nature   as we age, we're cursed by father time lol"
"what goes around, comes all the way back around   its called <propfemale>, and <propfemale>'s a bitch lol"
cedarbrook performance today!!  trenedy's gonna rock!!  smile 
my head is pounding   the stress of making sure everything is in place for tomorrow   
happy 6th birthday trenedy!!  mommy loves u!!   smile 
trenedy's birthday party went well!!  thank u to everyone who came!!  smile 
outside watching trenedy ride her scooter  smile 
my head still hurts and its raining out   wtf   
at least the sun is shining today!   for now anyways  smile 
"just got off of work and cannot wait to lay in my big, soft bed   "
off to work   again   
"head hurts, wtf    back to work at 7 smile 0 then again at 12 smile 0am    all i do is work    "
hoping today will be a good day    smile 
at work till 7 smile 0   grocery shopping after and then back to work at 2 smile 0 am   fun
"trenedy <propfemale> reaser   april 3, 2005 @ 12:45 am   8lbs 10 1 4 oz   21 inches long   water broke at 40 weeks and was delivered via c-section   labor lasted 23 hours   repost with ur own details if u love ur princess prince!  i know i love mine!"
already the day is going shitty!  f'n car wont start! uuuggghhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally sold the eclipse   
"today is a good day! no rain, warm and trenedy gets her report card today!   smile "
where'd all the nice weather go???   sad 
"getting ready to send tren off to school   then, some <propmale> cleaning   time to get rid of all my spider friends lol"
home from work and now relaxing until i have to go back to work @ 12 smile 0 am
on my way to work   
"have a busy 2nd half of the day   trenedy has a dr appointment at 4 smile 0, have to drop <propfirst> off at bowling before 6, drop trenedy off @ dance by 6, pick her up @ 7, drop her off with her pop, off to work till 9, have to pick tren up and then finally go pick <propfirst> up   lol wow   "
waiting for <propfirst> to pick me up  smile 
bowling later with <propfirst> and trenedy  smile 
its pretty bad when ur 6yr old beats you in bowling   did i mention with bumpers?? lmao
cleaning and laundry
cleaning is done except for the play room and laundry is in the wash   smile 
trenedys performing at the iron pigs game tonight!!  sooo excited!!
getting everything ready for the iron pigs game  smile 
"another rainny day   on the bright side, tomorrow's turning out to be a pretty good day!  smile "
heading home from <propmale> e cheese!   smile 
payday today!!  easter shopping either today or tomorrow
pizza and a movie  smile 
"just got home from and and just realized that i have to leave in an hour and 15 minutes to go back to work    remind me why i do this? oh yeah, the money  lol"
"<propfemale> glad im almost done  get home to bed so i can get up and be back at work tomorrow morning, by 10 smile 0 the latest   have to get my easter shopping done before trenedy gets home from school tomorrow since she has off friday   "
easter shopping   done!  smile 
heading to work   gotta stop for gas and coffee at wawa
just got done straightening up   now to shower and get dressed
stuffy nose  sad 
wondering if the egg hunt is still gonna happen   
"trenedy got a prize egg at the egg hunt  smile   she got a basket full of play make up, nail polish, a purse and some <propfemale>  smile "
boiling the eggs so me and trenedy can get our color on!  smile 
happy easter!!!  hope everyone has a great day!!
sitting outside watching the thunderstorm  smile 
got to sun bath a little and ended up with sunburn lol  took trenedy to the baseball field and threw some baseball around after she got off the bus   just got done cleaning out the car and now getting ready for work   i love this weather !  smile 
sunburn hurts  sad 
happy 8yr anniversary <propfirst>!  i love you!  smile 
tornado warning   crazy
i think i'll clean today so i dont have to do it tomorrow  smile 
been up since 3 am   watching <propmale> from 6am to 3ish pm   hoping its gonna be nice out so we can go for a walk  smile 
trenedy can officially ride her bike with out training wheels!   smile 
"at the park with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, trenedy and <propmale>  smile "
kinda pissed
beautiful out!  smile 
work soon   can't wait for saturday!  gonna take trenedy to knoebles for the day   then next friday is dorney park night   she's excited about that too!  smile 
trenedy has an ear ache  sad   good thing she has medicine for it  smile 
trenedy told me that i need to take baby medicine so i can have a baby lol
just got back from trenedy's school for mothe appreciation day!  i almost cried  lol  it was so sweet with all the gifts that we had gotten    smile 
"in honor of mother's day, post the name(s) and birth weight of your child children as your status if you're a proud mom                        trenedy <propfemale> reaser- 8lbs 10 1 4 oz"
off to work   leaving for knoebles around 9 am!
