8abed8b71b898434fd96d9a401c11b81
hopes xc is cancelled because i'm not going
has nothing to post for a status message
is going to his sister's graduation tomorrow
just realized it's been about a year since i've logged on aim
"thinks motivational songs make lame status messages so    you will be shown how i've become indestructible determination that is incorruptible from the other side, a terror to behold annihilation will be unavoidable every broken enemy will know that their"
could use some chipotle right now
is updating his status
go pack!!!
go pack!!!
how many statuses can three people write about the packers in 2 minutes?
what's history homework for mr  knapp?
"i missed school; what's homework for wickard, knapp, and zagar"
"you have been blocked from sending chat messages because you repeatedly misused this feature  this block will last anywhere from a few hours to a few days  when you are allowed to reuse this feature, please proceed with caution  further misuse may result in your account being permanently disabled  for further information, please visit our faq <propfemale>      are you kidding me?"
go pack!!!
really??? six people posted that they're watching glee???  i've never even seen it 
is going to drop <propfemale> off in pittsburgh later
go pack!!!
is devastated   he just found out that his sister likes <propfirst> swift 
is not a fan of writing outlines
can't wait to eat shrimp
history project
"they kept trying to attack my cousin, what would you do in a situation like that?"
"i know that you believe you understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what i meant "
is about to start the english project that's due tomorrow
"on average, facebook generates and sends over 400,000,000 e-mails every minute  -wiki answers"
"why are there so many old people on facebook? there are more than 9 times as many people 55 years and older on facebook than there were last year and less than half as many college students   p s  mom and dad, this would not be a good time to comment or like"
does anyone know what the track workout is today?
"and be a juke box hero, got stars in his eyes, he's a juke box hero  he took one guitar, juke box hero, stars in his eyes  juke box hero, (stars in his eyes) he'll come alive tonight"
?:
does anyone else's internet freeze every time you use the microwave?
idk my bff <propmale>
ahhhh!!!!! facebook is different            again!!!!!!!
is hacking <propmale> <propfemale>'s online textbook   muhahahahahaha!
should probably get started on his poetry notebook
"for the poems by other authors part of my poetry notebook, i am using poems by other students, so please send me your best poem if you have mrs  zagar   thanks"
now we're cookin'
does anyone have the terms we were supposed to add to our poetry terms list?
is leaving for kentucky in a few minutes
1 here comes the 2 to the 3 to the 4
"today, [insert everyday event here]  mlia "
wonders if anyone wants to go for a 1 1 2 hour run
"no one i think is in my tree, i mean it must be high or low that is you can't you know tune in but it's all right that is i think it's not too bad "
the driving school just scheduled my in-car for the middle of may even though i took that class in november! what was that about being ready to drive right after christmas break?
"and be a juke box hero, got stars in his eyes he's a juke box hero, got stars in his eyes (just one guitar) juke box hero,  (aah aah aaah) got stars in his eyes he's just a juke box hero, aah aah aaah juke box (stars) hero, (stars, stars)  juke box hero, (stars, stars) he's got stars in his eyes, stars in his eyes"
does anyone want to go on a run?
"anyone in wadsworth, look toward the hospital and tell me if you can see my kite"
"i was about to become a fan of \i hate the guy who takes p e  too seriously\"" when i realized that person was me """
"my sister put a bunch of flubber in a small plastic container and told me to punch it because it would hurt, and i couldn't resist  in mid-punch, i scrapped the inside edge of the container with my thumb, and it started gushing blood  she was right    it hurt   mlia "
saw a maserati today at memorial park
hardcore parkour
"how has putting together my portfolio made me a better writer, speaker, listener, reader, viewer of media, maker of media projects, and critical thinker?  well, mr  zagar, i don't think it has    "
i haven't yet started my essay for mrs  zagar yet
how to i quote more than three lines of text?  i can't remember
hippopotomonstrosesquipedalian - of or pertaining to extremely long words
"the safest city in the us is amherst, ny   it is named after sir <propmale> amherst, the inventor of biological warfare   now that's irony   "
"what is the cookout before the sports recognition thing tomorrow, and which gym is the south gym?"
"4*(cosx)^2 - 8*sinx + 1 = 0\can anyone tell me what x equals?"
why won't facebook let me change my status?!?!?!
this is a jazzy fizzle produc-shizzle
it only took 17 seconds on the dragster to lose my voice
"in 9 out of 10 cases, it's the exception that matters   "
"just got 1,924 ft on kitten cannon"
now back to me     i'm on a horse 
just created the muffy (muffins made from chocolate chip cookie dough)
"the car broke down in pittsburgh and i had to stay with my sister for three days while it got fixed   i even had to wear the same clothes all three days   it wasn't all bad though    i had my mom's credit card, so i got by    cha-ching"
just started on summer reading
has not posted a status since aug  18
"if i reset my birthday on here all the time, how long would it take before people catch on and stop saying happy birthday?"
message to glee: leave <propfemale> alone!
"   made a toaster, shorted circuit, threw away the toaster, found the problem, reset the circuit, going to retrieve toaster from the trash    mlia "
you might think this vague status is referring to someone else    you're wrong 
"you gotta see the pumpkin, you gotta lick the pumpkin, you gotta wash the pumpkin, you gotta date the pumpkin, you gotta be the pumpkin!"
"remember, jesus is the reason for the season"
"adjectives, adjectives, adjectives, what's that beyonce song?   no! adjectives"
woot woot!!!
go pack!!!
"we are remixin the cpu in the buildin, okay? it 'aint hardcore unless it's hexicore  we gotta get around the mega gigabytes to where it won't terrorize the processation, okay? mega gigabytes, son! everything in the computer needs my face on it, is what i'm sayin  t-pain, make it happen, holla at ya boy "
