675249d2ae2445b810183fd245057393
the <propfemale> project - why can't we live like this?
"pay it forward day - april 29, 2010 join in!"
"humanity is infected with a slave mind program virus called negativity  that is why we have so much suffering in life   that is why there is so much violence on our planet   why there is so much greed, war, poverty, depression, oppression, hopelessness, etc  we have bought into the lie that we are not responsible enough or wise enough to think for ourselves "
"why is it so difficult to attain and maintain a positive state of mind? in every aspect of life, every established medium of communication, every institution, 99% of social interaction - all are corrupted by the negatively directed infected human minds that created them  we are literally engulfed in the negativity! but, we have within us the power to free ourselves and the world  responsibility = power!"
the global monetary system! how much of our day revolves around thoughts and actions concerning money? how often does the average person think or say to themself - i can't do this   i can't buy that   i can't have this or that because - i don't have money  who deserves to have great wealth? or to live in poverty? who decides? the money system is a slave system for the majority of humanity! who controls this system?
"imagine what life could be like on this planet, without all the constant concerns about money! just try to imagine what it would be like to have everything we need or could even want in life, without money or the idea of possessing things  imagine a fair world, where people contributed to society, but no one was allowed to have an excess that led to others having less  what would that world be like?  imagine it!"
fequency hz of bliss
"all the great causes of our time, environmental and humanitarian are merely symptoms of our collective negative mindset, the disease that afflicts humanity  we must irradicate the disease to get rid of the symptoms  awaken to the power within - accept it, own it! we are creating our future "
"plutocracy - rule by the <propmale>, for the <propmale>  the ultra-<propmale>, the elite class, are the true rulers of this planet   this is the 'old world order'! we must create a 'new world order', ruled by and for the people  the plutocrats use money ownership and mind-control as a way of enslaving humanity  humanity must remove these sources of control "
"if we are on our knees begging for relief from the miseries of life, a special favor, a miracle, we are victims of life  this is the mentality of a slave, a powerless child who refuses to grow up and those who control us in this world, want to keep it that way  to change ourselves and the world, we must get off our knees, take responsibility and learn a positive way of thinking and living - refuse to be that victim "
"celebrity worship - the emmys, etc , is a symptom of a sick minded world  what do these 'special' people do that people worship them and want to be just like them? they pretend and for playing a part and being 'attractive' they earn a fortune  sick! these are some of the most superficial, arrogant and egotistical people on the planet  the glitz - bling could feed a third world nation  what is admirable about that?"
"this is our negative based reality at work annoyed \- 75% – 90% of all doctor’s office visits are for stress related ailments and complaints \""\",675249d2ae2445b810183fd245057393,"<propfirst>, think positive and let that energy work in your body! that is the best way to help yourself heal \love,\mom"
"<propfirst>'s out of surgery   so far, so good "
