e53650cd4551951bd11479d3c882a50c
yeah    friday!
is ready for football season to start
is starting in on the 1st diet coke of the day
just got back from taking <propfirst> on a nice long walk   got hot fast!
just woke up from a power nap and ready for saturday night!
is wishing weekends were longer
looking forward to going out for tapas tonight!
just got back from picking up bojangles for my man
lots to do!
"weather is good, football season is upon us, yay!"
is wondering if its possible to be both happy and sad  ketan leaving for the netherlands today but only 2 weeks until i get to visit him there 
"a relaxing evening with my dog, a movie and some popcorn"
nothing like a good 9 1 2 hours of sleep!
less than two weeks until vacation   
and <propfirst> back from breaking in my new hiking shoes 
back from a nice long morning walk- great weather and great way to start the day
i have not seen a really good horror movie since el orfanato  where are all the good scary movies?
so far so good!
"hanging out in an internet cafe in salszburg, austria and hoping to do a 'sound of music' tour"
our first full day in prague! the most beautiful and friendliest city yet!
"last night in prague, on our way to berlin  i still miss cnc!"
"berlin is great   facinating history tours, cool people, great nightlife   am really enjoying it"
7 great cities in 2 weeks    but glad to be back in <propfemale>!
sadly starting to get used to this being alone thing 
cleaning house and watching saved by the <propfemale> reruns  smile 
wake <propmale>    whats happening?
definately didnt get up in time to workout soooo looks like i'll be heading to the gym at lunch 
#32 so far so good    thanks to everyone!
thanks to everyone for the bday wishes  im lucky to have such great friends as you!
the best thing about a bad day    coming home to my happy healthy sweet dog
going to see where the wild things are   let the wild rumpus start!
great day for watching college football
looking for 3 in a row    go panthers!
halloween is right around the corner (yay!)
i think i broke facebook!!
"uh oh, i thought yesterday was wednesday "
too nice to be indoors
"date night with my <propfirst>    glass of wine, dinner and a movie"
took <propfirst> on a nice long walk and swimming in the pond    i have one tired out dog so that i can go out toinght!
great game yesterday   way to go panthers  woo hoo!
first night with the bowling league    great time and cant wait for next tuesday!!
reminiscing about our travel in berlin    hope to someday go back
i think i have finally kicked this illness in the butt (fingers crossed!)
better get to the lanes and practice so that i can get my bowling score up    my handicapp is 115!
"we remember you, dear <propfirst>  cghs"
lets go wolfpack!
a nice peacful day yesterday working in the garden   love this weather
"thank you, thank you panthers!! i needed a w in my life today   smile "
just dropped my cheese and crackers all over the floor! guess <propfirst>'s doggie prayers have been answered 
ready for some bowling!
"bowling league   beer, friends   great time last night  tuesdays are officially awesome!"
i like my horoscope today    go with the flow and ride the waves easily to the shore   
me and <propfemale> on our way to <propmale> to see ashby    the question is what trouble can we get into???
still crazy after all these years
monday    raining    gotta work (sigh)
starting to plan next months trip to <propfirst>    and brushing up on my french 
that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger
"yay ncsu, wasnt pretty but we did it!"
hazelnut coffee after a nice long morning walk with <propfirst>- love sundays
"high score last night at bowling- 117   not sure if it was the bad day, the beer or both!"
tgif! hope everyone has a safe and wonderful weekend  smile 
god answers all prayers  but sometimes the answer is no 
started watching season one of <propmale> last night    so far really good
"been there, done that    going there, gonna do it  ready for some traveling!"
going to the movies today and the panthers game tonight    fun sunday!
christmas really crept up on me this year  but excited nonetheless
making some mix cds for a friend    somehow that never gets old
keeping my fingers crossed that my flight to amsterdam is a safe and smooth one
gotta love the red-eye flight    but nice to be back in the netherlands!
happy new year!! hooray for 2010    gonna be one of the best!
its just wayyy too nice out to be sitting indoors  once i finish watching the panthers lose its time to get myself outside 
loved <propfirst> and cant wait to go back!
"re-reading \american psycho\""  great book even the 2nd time around """
heading back to the u s  gonna be a long day of travel 
went to bed at 830 last night   can i still blame jetlag??
is it a sign of old age that i think this or is it true that music isnt nearly as good as it used to be???
yay! lost starts tonight  
dinner at chima's tonight    i think i ate my weight in steak
almost the weekend    and ready to get snowed in again
looking forward to a great superbowl   
great bowling night last night    getting better and having fun!
how can it only be wednesday when it feels like it should be friday???
"happy friday! cant wait to see my friends this weekend, cook some enchiladas and totally relax "
"looking forward to spending the weekend in <propmale>   food, friends and family"
me and krp back together   
"tonights big plan- homemade fajitas, white wine and saying goodbye to lost"
sooooo glad i took today off   smile 
god answers all prayers  but sometimes the answer is no 
getting ready to go head to head with my husband at a game of chess!
inching towards a 3 and a half day weekend
world cup games are intense! enjoying the drama and excitement 
blue points 5k in just a couple of weeks    time to start training
"\ahhhh   let the 3 day weekend begin\"""""
"so far a great day off!!  cleaning and cooking  on tonights menu: broiled <propfemale> lamb, roasted red potatoes and brushetta"
"great weekend! food, friends, movies and sun "
looking forward to a relaxing night after work  no working out today   (yay!)
time to carb-up for tomorrows 5k!
a successful 5k! 32 smile 0 followed by a 3 hour nap 
happy friday the 13th!
a morning of fetch with <propfirst> out in the backyard  maybe a swim in the pond later and i'll have one tired out dog 
ohhh this heat is a drag   
"there is a new scam on fb   a \dislike\"" button  dont download it"""
season 4 of <propmale> out today   time to catch up
loco lime tonight    ready to eat!
tosh 0    great show!
my new guilty pleasure   scream queens on vh1
"friends, family and lots of food!"
the best part about yoga is the little nap at the end   im thinking about just skipping right to the nap
inching towards my 6 day weekend!
today is my friday!! me and the hubby on our way to asheville for a little r&r 
back and <propfemale> and totally refreshed from our 2 days in asheville 
i am torn   between sitting on the couch and relaxing for the rest of my day off or sitting on my back patio relaxing for the rest of my day off 
is it really better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all???
in <propmale> for the weekend  just woke up from a power nap and trying to decide where me and my sis will go out to tonight 
why did i have to try to be different and get an lg dare phone?? i wish i had an iphone 
i had a dream last night that i was on my way to europe for a vacation    i wonder if my subconcious is trying to tell me something 
sooo glad this week is moving quickly and i can start my weekend of doing nothing soon
"if i could find a way to be outdoors all day, i would   "
i may not have gone where i intended to go but i ended up where i needed to be 
um     go duke??
people may forget what you said and they may forget what you did but they will never forget how you made them feel
hello   cool weather! a nice run this morning  not sure how far or fast but great to be outside 
the <propfemale> race for the cure this morning    33:20 and as always a great way to spend an october morning 
a nice morning run that is until it started to downpour 1 5 <propmale> from home  i guess that is one way to wake up!
"yes i am dissapointed that ncsu lost yesterday but there is something to be said for coming back from a 21-0 defecit in the 1st quarter to tying things up and going into ot  so even though we didnt get the 'w', i say hooray wolfpack for sticking it out and not giving up!"
thank you so much to everyone for the bday wishes and making this a rad day! time for some sushi with my hubby and a relaxing night ahead 
my new made up word for the day: asstrategy- an ass backwards strategy
"   and the quote of the day: \it will make you more smarter\"""""
"even thought i didnt sit through all of it, 'the collector' was the worst, most pointless movie ive ever seen  i give it an f "
go pack!!
yay wolfpack!! xoxo
man i love this weather   i can take my dog walking without him getting hot and the rest of the time spent with nose in a book or cozying up with my hubby 
nothing too <propmale> going on this weekend but who cares?? its friday!!!
a cold race day morning  at the dowd half marathon cheering on ketan  go ketan!
"ready for the weekend! tailgating, ncsu football game   raleigh, here we come"
its amazing what 14 straight hours of sleep can do  finally starting to feel like this cold is on its way out 
season 2 of the tudors    i believe i'm officially hooked
so glad we were productive yesterday because today i'm preparing to be just as equally lazy 
mmm you cant go wrong when you turn on the food network
happy friday!
feeling the need for a run today
just saw black swan with 8 of my friends   all we can say is wow
a great 3 mile run at lunch  now all i need to do when i get home is lay back and watch the sing off!
"hooray!! last day of work until <propfirst> 3rd  on the agenda   lots of eating, sleeping and time with my family and friends "
one of the cool things about vacay?? having no idea what day of the week it is and then realizing it doesnt matter 
at blackfin saving seats for our friends and getting ready for the ncsu  bowl game  yay!
yay wolfpack! thanks for playing your hearts out and giving us a win 
its chess game night at the patel's! feelin' pretty confident that i can whoop ketan this time 
"back from the bookstore with a book called \the help\""  has anyone else read it??"""
i could really use a beach trip   soon
my brand new nemesis: interval training
its a pink <propmale> listening kind of day 
heading to <propmale> this weekend to take my sister out for her birthday  any suggestions on a good sushi place  usually we go to sushi blues but want to try something different 
c'est la vie
"happy superbowl sunday! time to start making dips, snacks and overall junk food for tonight   smile "
"risk leads to more risk, death to more death and life to more life  (the book thief)"
at mura in <propmale> with my sis and ang    and having a blast!
"a great weekend   too fun, too short, cant wait to do it again!"
"time to dig into the book \water for elephants\""   i hope it lives up to the reviews """
my new dream job   guest judge on iron chef <propfemale>
an amazing beautiful day and nothing to do but sit outside with a book and enjoy
"for anyone looking for something fun and different to try in <propfemale>, i totally recommend the cowfish sushi burger bar in southpark  sounds weird but the food was unbelievably good!"
las vegas bound!
so were not high rollers yet but so far  i give vegas an a for funnn 
im having a reoccuring dream that im back in school and havent done my homework   how weird is that?
happy friday! have a beautiful day 
