3158a80041f9360bf1b4a2c2874cd502
just trying to get used to facebook   new to it!
just finished eating at the chinese western sizzlin   best crab legs i've had in a long time   picked up carlin and <propfirst> from yaya and papa's   couldn't drag <propfirst> away   he loves to play with all of their gizmos 
today is a today that we will remember always   pray for the families of the fallen victims of 9 11 
seven hours until the race comes on   can't wait   will be watching 9 11 shows until then   some great ones on history channel 
if you don't want to cry today - don't watch the history channel   it's like reliving it all over again 
richmond is running!!!! go <propmale>-haas racing --------go 14!!!!! team <propmale>!!!!!!
can't believe <propfirst> hamlin won richmond!!!!!!!  i am still proud of <propfirst>! go smoke!!!  you made the <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
does anybody know how to add new tabs at the top of the <propfemale>?
got finals today!  thank goodness!! ready for this quarter to be over and hopefully i will be on the president's list again 
found carlin a beautiful pagent dress for the fair pagent   anyone have any ideas about how to do her hair?
what's going on in twin city?
boy i wish i already had my badge and gun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
headed to bed   got one more final to take tomorrow!  then time for a break!  yippee!!!!!
zumba is kicking my butt!
save the <propfemale> <propfemale>'s!
finals r over! one quarter to go! yippee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
finally a break!  i made the president's list again   yea!!!!! now i'm going back to bed 
heading to pick up <propfemale> and copperhead   they had grandparent's day at school today   i looking forward to an earful from my little chatterboxes 
finally made it home from pto   a lot information   if you have kids at sps please come to the next meeting   it is scheduled for november 16 @ 6 surprise 0 pm    coca cola sales start october 4th   <propfirst> is selling popcorn for cub scouts if anyone is interested 
good morning!  heading to statesboro with my <propfemale>   i love her and thank the lord he put her in my life   i hope everyone has a great friday 
sure wish i had a krispy kreme doughnut right now 
got a fantastic new book today   the second in the serious of wicked   i can hardly put it down   it was written my <propfirst> macguire 
the kids are gone to the horse ride with yaya and papa   their other grandparents will be so excited to see them   mr  <propfirst> <propmale> has horse rides very often if anyone is interested just let me know and i'll be glad to give you the information about them 
it's finally raining   thank the lord   we need it tremendously 
good morning!  got up early to read   thank goodness for books   that's one way to vacation   vacation in ur mind!!!!
almost time for the first race of the <propmale>   i can't wait   <propfirst> is gonna be the man to beat!  go smoke!!!!!!!
<propfirst> is leading the race   hooray!!!!!!!!!!!
"why <propfirst>, why didn't u conserve fuel?  i am disappointed beyond words "
headed to bed   got school tomorrow!
"<propfirst> got up this morning with a cough which sounds like a dog barking, fever and says his throat hurts   i guess we are heading to the pediatrician  ugh!!!"
<propfirst> has crupe   bless his heart 
good morning!  looking forward to a great day!
<propfirst> is attending the shs reunion of sorts   can't wait to see you guys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
carlin got kharacter kids at sps for the month of september   i am so proud of her!  she is beyond excited!!!  way to go kid!
heading to belleville to eat with <propfemale> <propmale> and my <propfemale>   it's gonna be good!  <propfemale> <propmale> cooks like ur grandma!
had a great day!  hope everyone else did too 
it is finally wednesday night and terriers is on fx   love this program 
good morning!  hope everyone has a blessed and wonderful day!
has a sad heart for the loss of a great man!  we will miss u mr  <propmale> 
"if life is a highway, i wish someone would finish with the construction already  i'm tired of the detours, road blocks, and pot holes "
   would like to start a new <propfemale> organization to help purchase and distribute belts to all of these kids who wear their pants below their butt cheeks 
"wants to keep hot coffee and donuts in their car so that when a cop asks \do you know why i pulled you over?\"" i can say \""yes i do\"" and hand them to the officer"""
the voices in my head are starting to yawn   i guess that means i should go to bed!!
"wants to live in a world where money grows on trees, the house cleans itself, weather is always perfect and eating ice cream will make you lose weight "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  lets raise awareness "
"is bored, i think i might dress up as the grim reaper and go wave at the people in the nursing home  who wants to come?? (i actually live next door to a nursing home)"
"is wondering whether they have managed to bottle sleep, and if so, how much does it cost, what are the side effects and    where can i fricken get some???"
i keep reminding myself   today is just one more day closer to retirement!
"my children are the reason i wake up each morning, the reason i want to breath     and the reason my hair is falling out, my house is a mess & i'm crazy!"
if you don't want the truth don't ask me  i will tell you it weather it's nice or not!
"i will not be who others think i should be, i will only be me  if you can't handle that   then get to stepping!!"
don't ignore your blessings simply because it's not packaged the way you think it should be   not everything comes gift wrapped and with a bow 
is mourning the lost of a great man - velton wilkes   he and i shared a great love for terriers   we exchanged many tales on those rascals   i loved him as a little girl and never stopped   i will truely miss him   my heart is crying!
"believes that everything happens for a reason  so don't have regrets    coz without the bad things, you wouldn't be the strong person you are today   please remember velton wilkes family today, say prayers for them, and let them know that mr  velton is with god and all his dogs he loved so much   i will truely miss him "
five hours and counting down until carlin's debut at the fair pagent   she is soooooooo exited 
three hours and counting   carlin is wearing the carpet thin   i think she is ready 
carlin won second runner up in the jaycee's pagent   she is soooo excited   she did so well and we are so proud of her   posting pictures asap!
good morning everyone   i'm so glad the pagent is finally over   carlin is up smiling from ear to ear   she is so proud of how well she did and i am too   <propfirst> is actually proud of her too   (sibling rivalry at rest for the moment)   have a great day!
"lets see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friend list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also family  let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your          status  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life wink "
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, prissy girls come from california but we <propfemale> girls have fire & ice in our blood  we can ride four wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw a left hook, pack heat, fish & hunt with the boys, bake a cake, love with a passion and if we have an opinion you are darn well gonna hear it! if you are proud to be a ga girl repost    i love being a <propfemale> girl!  smile "
good morning!  i am going to be spending the day with my new additions   <propmale> and tesla   we were able to pick up our new <propfirst> russells puppies yesterday   today will be awesome!  nothing like a dog to ease all ur stress 
"thought we had the perfect names picked out for the new puppies, but we have changed our minds   we are now calling them velton and <propfemale> (<propfemale>) in memory of mr  velton and mrs  <propfemale> wilkes   i loved both of them and i think mr  velton would be honored "
had a great day with <propfirst>   we went to statesboro and ate at longhorn   we needed some adult time and conversation   love talking with the kids but sometimes u just can't win with them 
"watching the race!  <propfirst> is gone with <propfirst> and carlin to see one of our oldest, <propfirst>   they love their big brothers "
bedtime! because doing nothing all day sure does wear me out!
up early this morning - my first day of my internship at the juvenile probation office in swainsboro - a little nervous and a lot excited!
"women are like angels; we fly with wings & when our wings break, don't worry, we can fly on a broom because we're versatile like that  wink "
heading off to the wonderful world of fall festivals - swainsboro primary school 
is finally back from the land of kids (sps)   kids had a great time and got some good stuff   u would think they had died and gone to hog heaven  wink 
"and i'm off~ to the land where money grows on trees, men and kids obey, and i rule the world good night  wink "
is still trying to clean and look for her kids   clean up is a dirty word to them 
calgon take me away    wait do they even make that anymore?
"is curious about who decided to put powdered sugar on donuts?  one of the best things to eat   i could eat my weight of powdered donuts       yummy  smile \\i sent you a smiley! want to see it? http annoyed  apps facebook com smileycentral go jhtml?partner=znzfb008"
i'm having a stroke - my man smoke is leading the race  wink )))  go <propfirst>!
smoke wins!  smoke wins!  only 117 behind <propfirst> <propmale> in points!  go <propfirst> - now burn em down!! wink 
"i thought as i got older i would learn wisdom and <propfemale>, but the only thing i have learned is that i just don't give a crap "
sorry momma! i'm not perfect and never have been 
new elim baptist church::: urgent prayer request!!! please re-post!! <propfemale> scott's 22 month old son shot himself in the chest with a <propmale> nailer~ it went in his heart~ he is now in critical condition and not doing well ~ neither is his mom ~ please start a prayer chain for this baby~ please copy & repost as you would want someone to do it for you
gotta a busy morning!  i get to see how court proceedings go!  i am loving my internship!
the countdown is one   sprint cup race in <propfemale> starts in less than 30 mins   go smoke!  burn 'em down!
feeling rotten today   my computer got a virus and so did i  yuck!
good morning!  i'm off to toombs county today to see how things work over there   i am loving my internship   thanks southeastern technical college and <propfirst> akridge 
"is having a wonderful spa day with my little bird, carlin   fuzzy slippers, pjs, nail polish, and a movie   it's always good to have a lit bit of girl's time together "
"watching how to train a dragon this morning with baby bird   we are waiting for <propfirst> to come home from his cub scout camp out   as much as they fight, carlin is driving me crazy wanting her brother to come hom   go figure "
"just love going back in my mind when everything was so much fun!  good times, good times "
"the tooth <propfemale> snuck in our house last night and got two of carlin's teeth   that sneaky tooth <propfemale>   now all carlin wants for christmas is her \two front teeth\""   snagglepuss!"""
"sorry everyone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy, will be without money  i cannot let that    person be me  copy within 11 <propfemale>  hey it can't hurtsee more"
today november 1st      i'm thankful for my children     joseph and carlin 
yesterday was horrible     today hasn't been much better      tomorrow has got to be better 
"today, november 2, i am thankful for my parents   i couldn't ask for better ones "
"today, november 3, i am thankful for my little brother who always puts up a good fight "
"today, november 4, i am thankful for the rain i've been listening to most of the night   sure hope i get to be thankful for some sleep tomorrow "
"today, november 5, i am thankful for my granny, may <propfirst> smith, she is with the lord now, but she was everything i want to be   i was her shadow as a little girl and i will never forget all the little things she did for me   i miss you every day granny!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i'm thakful she was my granny!"
"today, november 6, i am thankful for all the beautiful comments about my granny yesterday   she touched my life as well as hundreds of people in <propmale> county   i am thankful she was loved very, very much "
"today, november 7, i am thankful for my best friends   <propfemale> daley and <propfirst> dawkins   they are my adopted siblings and i don't know what i would do without them   they have stood by me when nobody else would   i love you both!"
"today, november 8, i am thankful for my pal, <propfirst> <propmale> "
"today, november 8, i am thankful for the new people i have met during my internship   they have been good to me and have helped me learn the ropes of justice "
"today, november 10, i am thankful for my great instructor at southeastern technical college   he makes learning fun!"
"today, november 11, i am thankful for all the veterans that have fought and died for my freedom and i'm also thankful for the 40 years i have been in this world "
"today, november 12, i am thankful for all the people that took a minute out of their day to wish me a happy birthday   yall blew up my fb <propfemale>   thanks for all the birthday wishes   it means alot to me to know there are people out there that still care   thank you again!"
hey frontierville neighbors will someone please plant one potato plant and let me tend it   seems like everyone likes to plant peanuts and cotton   please!
"today, november 13, i am thankful for my uncle <propfirst> and aunt <propfirst> <propfemale>   i love them with all my heart "
is as worn out as a mood ring on someone with bipolar disorder 
"today, november 14, i am thankful for my dad!  i couldn't have asked for a better one   god knew what he was doing when he made him "
"sometimes just wants to go back to kindergarten, you had a nap time, the only fights were over crayons, and the only drama was if <propfirst> really ate glue or not "
"today, november 15, i am thankful for my mother   we may not always see eye to eye but she has always loved me unconditionally   i love u!"
's energy has been depleted   going to bed to recharge and dream up a way to use her kids' energy to power the world!  smile 
"today, november 19, i am thanful for bad luck, because if i didn't have bad luck i wouldn't have any luck at all "
"today, november 20, i am thankful for some quiet time "
eyes can't focus anymore so it's time for bed good night and sweet dreams everyone
has anybody gotten the free horseshoes?  i can't seem to get any and i've posted everywhere 
would any of my froniterville friends send me any of ur left over rsvp's please   been trying to get it to work all weekend to no avail 
"is giving thanks for the trials that have made me stronger, the friends who have supported me through it and the lord for giving me life & free will "
"   misses the days when decisions were made by eenie, meenie miny mo, agreements were made with pinky promises and boys had cooties "
"fb friends!!! some apps are sending not very nice messages using your name!!! if you don't want to get into trouble with your friends,etc , copy, paste and share the post!! if you have received any from me, be assured i didn't send it!"
frontierville neighbors are yall being able to leave a gift behind after u visit someone's place 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on fb until monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same "
"doesn't want a whole lot for christmas - would be happy with either a <propfemale> godmother, a <propfemale> or a magic wand that works with any basic command "
"the best part of waking up, is realizing it's not a work day!"
( surprise ) (-_-) good night ( joyful )zzzz
"my drugs of choice   coffee, cream and sugar  and yes   i'm a hardcore addict!!!"
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles  there doing it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture  it has nothing to do with any child charities  it's on tonights news  copy & paste this on to your status - let everyone know?
will soon be watching the back of her eyelids and is hoping tonight's showing will be very entertaining 
does anybody know how to switch ur fb profile back to the old style?
is off to bed before i wake up with a keyboard imprint on my face 
sorry frontierville neighbors          been out of commission for a day         will tend to everyone today              yeah!  i've missed u guys!
is off to the land of dreams where life is simpler and mistakes are easily changed!
christmas as a child - awesome! christmas as an adult - sweet! christmas watching your child smile for days on end - priceless!
"most people have 1,000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status "
well frontierville friends i was going to try to get the gingerbread house through the other games                i've changed my mind               not gonna do it   i don't like the other games              i guess my gingerbread man will be sleeping in a bed of icing   <propfemale> christmas!
"pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  the rules are that it must be handmade (by you) and it must be sent sometime in 2011 \(thanks <propfemale>)"
frontierville neighbors     has anyone gotten any of the new year collection    i have done all daily chores and things      but still nothing 
"i'm not super superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i can't let that person be me! what the heck- it can't hurt"
"acchoooooooo!!!  ?(-???•?)?  if you're allergic to bull crap, drama queens, head games, liars, 2 faced fake people, keep this sneeze going   i can't wait to see who re-posts this\thanks <propfemale>"
frontierville friends    has anyone received their horseshoes after finishing all the missions ?
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons made oprah fat ! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not just the means they chose to utilize!!! reposted from another friend's status message  don't just like it     repost it!"
  -\-  please put this dog on\,ed9a3297211b70bab8848354c0064f14,doesnt like facebook 
