d9e5c10a872d0c8368346451ed9c9990
my head hurts 
makes a damn good avatar   
camp all week    tired   
is having a pretty chill summer  smile 
"horse camp week, warped tour on wednesday!"
puppy?
loves her new puppy  smile 
has a crazy week ahead of her     annoyed 
leaves for england today   
is in england  smile 
is sleepy
"sleep, show at 5 tomorrow morning, allies for the night  smile  no cell"
's cell charger got run over by a tractor   
ouch
is watching <propfemale>    huh   
hmm   
is in a rather good mooood  smile 
is excited for her 'sunbow' elephant cake  smile 
homework homework homework  sad 
blames <propfemale>
is sleepyyy 
grilled chicken with hot sauce     mmmmm   
had an awesome birthday  smile  i love you all and thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday!
is going to see the decemberists today!!!!  smile 
the decemberists were so epic    just got home
is eating cake?
pierced her nose  smile 
wishes that she was still asleep    
has lived another day without being killed by a zombie    happy birthday loser  smile 
is writing an english essay about mountains    yippee 
misses having an unsore ankle  sad 
"got attacked in haunted houses, hayrides, and corn mazes tonight  sweet "
feels like shit 
hugged asians today  smile 
"homecoming game, allies for the night  smile "
is tiredd 
is home sick  feeling like shit 
is at samanthacrayonss 
doesnt want to take the chem quarterly tomorrow  sad 
really doesnt feel the need to do any work tonight    looking up music  smile 
just wants it to be next week!  smile 
needs something to do tonight   
"is so tired     cleaning and homework today, oh joy!"
is watching the office  smile 
is seriously lacking in sleep 
is sleep deprived with a messed up ankle and no <propfemale> to write her english essay    oh joy
is writing her english essay    even though it was due today   
is pretty tired  
with <propfemale> darling and the chubster for the night  happy birthday dear lele  smile 
wants to take a nap
has a <propfemale> curled up on her back  smile 
ilovekaylahmichelleherny 
out for a walk in the rain  smile 
cleaning  sad 
 smile 
so tired   
is finally finally warm  smile 
meh
baking cookies     smile 
is really dreading doing this english project   
lets pretend we don't exist; lets pretend we're in antarctica
    what is the leyland essay on again?
got her computer all fixed! unbroken screen and working disk drive  smile   smile 
"well, it's been one hell of a year"
my head still hurts 
going out with the fam- text
is going out in pajamas? i think so 
still doesnt want to do history  sad 
shower and such    out with <propfemale> later?
flea market new hope with <propfemale> and samanthaaa  smile  texts if you wish
is not a keebler elf      
goddamn chem thing 
is working her ass off on her photo project to try to get it done tonight   
is ready for another half day followed by riding til my legs fall off    again  smile 
is so damn tiredd 
"is excited to go to sleep  sorry, homework   "
goddamn voorhees!
is pretty damn bored 
is loading cds  smile 
mad sugar-rush   
who has miers for history?
really isnt feeling the <propfemale> to finish chem   
is actually going to sleep tonight?! wooah 
misses the sun   
is sledding with <propfemale>? yupp i think so 
is home from a long day of music with <propfemale> dear  new hope tomorrow?
is desperately in need of sleep   
"watching airplane, naturally"
"damn you, english essay  damn you "
loves warm snowy days  pony party and than waffle stompers tonight? shaping up to be an okay day  smile 
"going to bed sore, drained, and entirely too happy "
is exhausted
i guess he's a lesbian   
ah its been a good week   
uggggggh 
wants a job
should be sleeping    meh 
thinks its time for summer    
had suuuuch a long day    yay for sunburn and random new people  smile  i  love  you leahh
wondering if we'll be standing outside for a third day   
i love the ones who appear at my house without me and who pig out in the back of theaters  love 
is bored    movies with mommy dearest and knitting
there ain't no rest for the wicked 'til we close our eyes for good
"watching tarzan, writing essay, dying easter eggs, sleeping, aloe-- the good life "
meh head hurts   
ugh 
boy do i love the feeling of absolute exhaustion   
looking up potential concerts for this summer  smile   smile 
every successful day ends with ice cream at taylors     
rutgers tomorrow  smile 
umm    its been one hell of a weekend   thats all i can say 
meow
not feeling wonderful   
"12 hour day of barbeques, sunburns, and ponies  smile  it is nice to feel better "
is sleepy    definitely not wanting to do math     
repoooo the genetic opera  smile 
who still has the chem mini poster sheet?  annoyed  i desperately need to know whats on it   
jamming out like im from belgium     smile 
wants to go to sleep     starland tonight and work all day tomorrow 
i hate six hours shifts full of crazy people after school      
procrastinationnn  my brain's decided that school's over 
overloading    
aww new <propfemale> cat  smile 
i'm rather fond of parks and paneras
fattys sleeping over  love 
no more work til monday  smile   smile 
why am i still awake? and hiccupping  
off to work   
"blue ankle, exhausted, and ears ringing     the marks of a fun day  smile "
mmmm it's a good day when i can sleep in  smile 
nothing like a long hot day at the barn and getting up at 5 tomorrow morning for another  smile 
lazy <propfemale> days of cats and <propmale>     smile 
kidnappingg my lovely millly and going to the movieees  smile  love kaylah 
hmm im hungry   
i definitely cant get on homelogic   ?
"day filled with yoga, saunas, psych, and corn-picking?  smile "
so im at home depot looking around for a place to sit and all i see is a toilet    but i think that might be a little silly 
just remembered about ap bio packets? shoot me? or help    whichever 
ah its been a good night  smile 
finally got a backpack!
has spent the day cornslapping pigs  love 
carrot slap!
 smile 
ahhhh chucks on soon  smile   smile 
license  smile 
"i love <propfirst>, mar, and sonic  love "
feeling pretty shitty   
oh so tired   
none to fond of the policia    
super pony shopping with <propfemale> patane  smile 
baking some cookies  smile 
so beatt  i cant believe its only monday  
i want panera soup ):
<propfemale> sciara and <propfemale> patane make my nights so much better  love 
goddamn i need a witch <propfemale> or black <propfemale> tree leaf    
sleeeepy  
pancakes for dinner was i good idea  smile  thank youu <propfemale> patane  love 
i want to see <propmale> potter  sad 
such an empty house   
bio makes me sad  sad 
work til 11    someone come visit me!
work again     here til 10  somebody come visit  sad 
 smile 
<propmale> all night  smile  oh happy snowy days 
"dear car, stop having to go to the shop  sad "
watching cooking shows all night  smile  cause homeworks overrated   
i think it's time for summer 
my little car is back  smile     just in time for the snow that it cant go through   
