88dc538b211cf7a99a2bacc79e57e1a8
is watching true blood!  first episode yay!!
really needs to get a new profile picture 
"is feeling accomplished!  got the bathroom clean and half packed, the kitchen's a wip, the computer room just needs me to gather the trash and vacuum, and started on the front room!  go me!"
is officially done moving stuff from the apartment to the house! now all i have to do is worry about unpacking it all  which i can do later 
is a klutz and burned her finger on dinner!  epic fail!
got flight to idaho falls booked!  and mom is set to pick me up   can it be november yet?
has one episode of true blood season 2 to watch then she'll be caught up and wanting december to get here that much faster!
"also thinks she is either sick again or coming down with something, so if i keep my distance everyone knows why "
"hack alerts!!!! * do not request to add a '<propfemale> colac' and 'alejando spitzner ' these are hackers  so tell all on your wall  if someone adds them they earn your contacts, empty computer and addresses"
vacation has officially started!  i'm off work and free free i tell you!
"is getting herself ready to fly home tomorrow, has a few errands to run then will be crashing at <propfemale> wright 's house   yay!"
is back in puyallup and glad to be 
"is coming down with something, she's not sure what yet   she has a rather obnoxious cough "
"is still sick, took a shower it helped a little  i've moved into coughing and sneezing mode  and i have work tomorrow yay!"
"doesn't matter how much her chest hurts, the coughing just keeps coming   survived work, took some e playful ectorant, hoping it helps where nothing else has "
"thinks hot tea, <propfemale>, and whiskey are awesome   throat doesn't hurt!  let's see if it helps with everything else!"
thinks she might be getting better   now if only the sneezing would let up 
"facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status is if it worked for you! omg! so cool!"
"ugh, and now i have the cough and a newly developed sore throat   *grumbles, but is happy she's off work tomorrow*"
damn you <propfemale> i don't need an app to obsess over!
"i am a genius, i burned my forehead with my blowdrier   *facepalm*"
wishes that the illnesses that keep floating a work would quit it   i'm coming down with a cold again   dry scratchy throat and an overwhelming sense of exhaustion   i'm eating and am contemplating a nap   we'll see what happens 
haha i just randomly decided to look for my side of the family on facebook 
"\now don't go ninjain' people that don't need ninjain' \""  lol tonight's been a good night """
"had a blast last night hanging with friends, and karaoke-ing!  needless to say, singing in front of strange people of my own volition?  that was a first for me "
"you know, it makes me feel good that i can take the pants i normally wear off without having to undo them    laugh "
loves being accused of shit that she's not guilty of 
"thinks someone tried to hack her account, so if anyone got anything weird from me message wise in the last 24 hours, please let me know "
okay i should be in the clear 
really facebook?  my anniversary is today!?  you don't say!! omg i think i might have forgotten    sarcasm  5 years!
"is glad to be home, apparently <propfirst> (the cat) missed me just as much as he missed the husband!"
grocery shopping yay!
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh,  that you can say is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who  you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down,  who is your world, and a man that you can thank god every night for   copy and paste this with your anniversary date      01 april 2005"
windows 7 is shiny
"testing tweetdeck, how's everyone doing?  smile "
sleeping or working (08 surprise 0-14 surprise 0 pdt)
age of conan time!!!!
is watching ghost hunters 
"just finished my daily workout, cooling down before it's time to hop in the shower and doll myself up for ladies' night out!  laugh "
"watching puppetmaster full screened, so if you message me i might not see it "
happy mother's day to all the mothers on my list!
"is really miffed that people can't be out and honest with her   and is miffed that they have the gall to take it out on people on fb and not e playful lain why   if you have a problem with someone, tell them about said problem and don't take it out on other people   the only reason i may not hold through with this is the fact that if i confront particular people it's just going to cause more problems for those not involved "
"anyway, i'm moving on, and i'm not going to let this get to me   i'm tired of the drama, i really really am "
"is looking at <propfemale> patterns, yay!"
crocheting an example 
finishing the beret i'm working on
"attention!!!!!!! as of today, there is a new\ privacy setting called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with \",8 laugh c538b211cf7a99a2bacc79e57e1a8,"please all parents   be aware! fox 5 news \reported: do not join the group currently on facebook with the title \\becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\""  this is a\",8 laugh c538b211cf7a99a2bacc79e57e1a8,"not in the best of moods, going to go workout in attempts to work off some stress "
yay! i inherited soft homespun yarn to make more hats with!!!!
feeling like shit  and watching 28 days later 
woot! i fixed my favorite purse!
"there\ is a virus spreading like wildfire on fb  do not accept anything from \any of your friends that ask you to watch a video on you tube titeled \\obama\""  snopes just confirmed  it is a trojan worm virus called \",8 laugh c538b211cf7a99a2bacc79e57e1a8,"off to bed for the night, see y'all tomorrow!  sleep well!"
"cleaned the bathroom, getting towels laundered, and finished straightening my room back up   i feel better    laugh "
"attempted to work on the hats for ren faire, and my fingers don't seem to want to work with me, so i'm surrendering for the night and will try again later "
"loping day already and it's only 13 smile 0   i may crash when i get home, will decide when i get there "
"thoughts and prayers to my coworker, and good friend <propfemale> who's mom passed away earlier today   loss is never easy, but it's something everyone understands   i love you <propfemale>!!!  don't hesitate to call message if you need anything "
last night was a blast   i love my friends    smile 
i have officially been drawn into warhammer 40k   just painting my hq for the witch hunters   it's looking awesome 
is thinking about going walking    
"is sick and though she's miserable (who ordered the heat!?) she made it through work   only 3 more days and i get a day off   let's see if i can do it, i think i can   i'm so calling it an early night i think "
was scheduled to work 06 surprise 0-13 smile 0 today (which was supposed to have been my day off but i got requested to work and obliged)  i survived 2 1 2 hours before being sent home sick  i am now home and going to sleep as i do not feel good at all  so if you call or otherwise message me and don't get a response that's why 
"feeling a little bit better  lots of water, again hating the heat because the house likes to retain that heat  come on washington rain!  lol   just to cool it off is good   \i appreciate my coworkers, they are such awesome friends to have \i am watching ghost whisperer and making curry "
"woot for two days off in a row! i have time to not rush around! things to worry about just include straightening the house up and running a rug doctor over the carpets (they've been neglected for a year, so in all honesty they aren't that bad off) "
"is now home from the doctor and just took a dose of muscle relaxers and pain killers  (i fell in the bathroom last night and sprained my lower back, no broken things it seems ) am on light duty as far as work goes for the next week, will re-evaluate then   if things don't improve, i'm set to get an x-ray and go from there "
"feeling a little better, still sore but it's not spreading as bad as it was, now it's localized pain and still worse when i move, sit, or stand for a long period of time   i've taken my pain killers for the morning \\inspection went well, no surprises there, and the lease got extended without a hitch, wootz!"
"a\ u s  soldier somewhere in the world is missing their family while \you're at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read \this, soldiers all over the world are not only saving lives, but \sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation \week   repost if you are or were a soldier, love a soldier, hold \memories of a fallen hero, or simply appreciate the military "
"is priming warhammer pieces so she can just bust them out and paint them when she feels like it   back still hurts but i'm trying to go pain killer free today, we'll see if it works "
"so it's looking like i'm not going to be going pain killer free, if my pain level doesn't drop soon, i'm gonna take something "
"home from work and grabbing garb related stuff from <propfemale> wright's place, now just need to see about making a couple hats, packing and last minute things (like getting myself a new sleeping bag since some bugs in the garage coup d'etated mine)   i am off to start laundry, and pull out my    crocheting hands    laugh "
"is home from oregon, and happy to be sleeping in her own bed (as opposed to on the hard ground in a tent) tonight   had a blast!  will post pictures sometime soon "
"so anyone on my list that has an apple corer that they use on a regular basis, be careful when using it!  i was using mine this morning, and the metal cutting pieces came out of the handle, and i ended up slicing my finger open in the process  this is the first time since i was a kid (my parents have one) that this has happened, but it only takes once   i'm alright, the wound isn't that bad, it could have been worse "
"ow ow ow, so i'm attempting <propmale> taping my finger in hopes that it stops hurting soon   hurting less than a makeshift splint, so here's hoping?  i can bend the finger, i just can't make anything near a fist yet  but i'll keep trying  got through work okay, still having a hard time typing lol "
has thriller in her head 
is now only a partial red head    laugh  but my roots are covered and that was the point!
"has realized, holy crap, i need new glasses  my left eye is fine, but it looks like my right eye needs an updated prescription "
"attention!!!!!!!!!do\ not join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a \",8 laugh c538b211cf7a99a2bacc79e57e1a8,allergies suck 
allergies (or at least what i'm hoping are just allergies are kicking my butt   i'm going to take a nap and see if that helps any 
"just got some news on her brother, it's decent news, thankfully "
's sides are killing her   but it's good pain so she won't complain more than that   exercise is good!
i have a halloween costume!
"the haunt was awesome!  we scared some adults, and older kids, it was a blast   will post the few pics i got tomorrow, been up since 4 smile  this morning, i'm tired   happy  halloween everyone!"
home!  time for a shower and to get ready for all the evening has in store muahahah!
don't forget to turn your clocks back tonight!
"love that i logged into sims 3 to help <propfirst> with his homework, then i end up playing it for longer than i meant to, lol "
"home from work, and hopefully gonna be able to get a handle on my asthma   hoping i've not got bronchitis again, it'd mean a trip to the doctor er if i have   so far i'm able to breathe alright, but that's thanks to my inhaler   ugh, i'm crossing my fingers "
"oh hey power is out  happy i have a back stock of candles, lol "
"no, facebook, i really don't want to make you my homepage   my gmail is my homepage thank you very much "
"road conditions are red, and being \essential personnel\"" i am out on them  blagh """
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
has finally remembered her version of pachelbel canon in d in it's entirety!   laugh 
"alrighty, it's off to bed with me   goodnight y'all!"
"sitting on the couch, drinking some double bergamot <propmale> grey tea (of the stash variety) and watching jurassic park  it's a cozy night "
"back into regular workouts, and waiting for <propfirst> reynolds to get home so they can participate in their joint (and much needed) meditation session "
g'night everyone!
rockband 3 is awesome!!! someone buy me a pro guitar for xmas?   laugh   j k
time to get the last of the xmas shopping done!
catnip bubbles and catnip spray equate to quite a bit of entertainment 
"now if could kick this stomach bug i seem to have contracted i'd be great  almost halfway done with work, here's hoping i make it through the second half "
has got a migraine coming on   urgh 
"attention:the\ group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon \character is actually a group of pedophiles  there doing it because \kidswill accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon \picture  it has nothing to do with any child charities  it's on tonights\ news  copy & paste this on to your status - let everyone know!"
just finished putting up the tree and lights around the house with <propfirst> reynolds's help    laugh 
"yay my room is clean and organized again, woot "
"finished my inquisitor's retinue for my sisters of battle for warhammer 40k   next up, i'll either finish my rhinos or start on either my seraphim, terminators, or my basic sob squads   i haven't decided yet "
"everyone be warned (mostly my coworkers) i've got the sniffles, and feeling like i'm getting a sore throat   so don't be offended if i keep my distance   smile "
"yay! <propfemale> <propfemale> holmes-berglund, <propfirst>, and myself all got proficiency awards for being awesome and stuff at work!  needless to say, today is a good day!"
since i will probably be rather scarce most of tomorrow (due to work and dinner and such) happy yule and <propfemale> christmas to those it applies to   maligayang pasko to the tagalong speakers i know!  that's about the extent of my tagalong (and i hope i spelled that right!)  hope yours is a good holiday!
is replaying through silent hill 2 because it's been a while since she has 
has beaten silent hill 2!  now to get the two different endings i want   ufos ftw!
is making progress in her guitar learning endeavor   yay!
"nomnomnom deviled eggs  not quite the recipe i'd normally use but i had to improvise, lol "
is working on adjusting her sleep schedule so she can make it through an overnight shift tomorrow night 
is being nerdy and working on learning some xhtml 
"rasta (one of our cats), was put down yesterday (she had liver cancer)   we will miss her cuddles (among other things), but we'll never forget her "
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  got a card from my parents, a card, gift card, and cake from <propfemale> horner, got a <propmale> brush washer dryer rack and some mani pedi stuff from <propfirst> reynolds, and with the gift card i went and got myself a nifty deck of cards, a cribbage board, and a new sketchbook   so thanks for that  also got pirate fluxx, which we now need to play "
"went home from work early today, dealing with asthma and generally not feeling well  though i think it's just asthma, and i don't think i've caught the cold flu going around  *crosses fingers*"
"day 2 of <propfemale> <propfirst>'s 30 day shred down!  i hurt, but it's a good hurt    laugh "
happy st  <propfirst>'s day everyone!
i officially fit back into my size 10 pants comfortably!
"it's workout time, i have some stress i need to go bust away so it seems like the perfect opportunity!"
"why yes, facebook, i do remember when my wedding anniversary is, but thank you    laugh "
