592e115b225454c3409c7f6301a58c91
"imma make it easy for ya'll: don't like me, delete me  don't know me, don't try to add me  and if ya'll wanna talk crap, say it to my face  good? good "
tequilaaaa!  wink 
"my hero doesn't need a cape, just his acu's  wink "
inbox me a number between 1 and 500 and ill post the truth about what i really think about you in my status 
"814 - you have no idea how thankful i am to have you as a close friend  you've helped me hold together so many times when i am falling to pieces  you have never sugar coatted anything, you tell me if i've done something wrong out flat and i really appreciate it-i prefer it  you're one of the best people i know, if you ever need anything at all-please do not hesitate to ask   smile "
"24- i do believe you are the funniest person i know  the car rides with averie and walking around the mall, my stomach was in <propfemale> much pain  especially when <propfirst> and <propfirst> almost flipped off averies dad   that was halarious! thank you for the laughs, i hope to share more of them with you in the future! oh & i like your car!  smile "
499- you are an amazing singer  very pretty and so very talented  i just don't get why you hide it from everyone? but i am very proud of you for what you've made out of your e playful eriences  and im glad you trust me enough to tell me what you have   smile   love 
"576- i miss you sooo much!  smile  i find it so funny how we became such good friends, you become engaged and then we later find out its my cousin you were engaged to! honestly, anyone who tells you that you've made a mistake to have a family so young   *forget* them! you're happy and they can deal or move the heck on  btw, ya'lls baby is adorable!"
"1- i've known you forever   smile  well nearly 6 years now, but for a army brat that feels like forever  i trust you with my all and then some  i hate the fact that you've moved away and that i can't defend you anymore, but i'm doing what i can, and i hope it helps all the same  smile  you are one spunky lil small fry tho, and im proud of you  smile   love  you wheat bread!  -- noodle"
"462- good golly, we've been through so much this year had more than enough drama  and have shared insane secrets, yet you still stuck with me! you even defended me when you didn't know what was going on  wink thank you so much for everything you are the perfect picture of a best friend, i couldn't ask for one better, i really couldn't  <propfirst> here we come! smile "
1 4- you really know how to rock out to some good music!  smile  this summer was a blast and i miss you so much! i still have a scar from those rollarblades  smile  everytime i see that scar i just start laughing  you are such a goof and so very pretty! it's so rare to see someone our age as mature as you  it's pretty dern refreshing  smile  next time we see each other we have to finish watching those scary movies  smile   love  you prima!
"27- i remember the days when you were a head shorter than me, and now your a head and some odd taller than me  sad  haha i miss you like crazy! the beginning of the summer was so scary with everything that happened, but at least we got to <propfemale> out again  you and your lil novia seem so happy and i hope it stays that way  you deserve happiness for once  *btw-i wish i was there when the <propfemale> stung you  wink  hehe"
"327- mr hurls class was funny, or to me it was  those were the good ol' days, huh? everything was so simple i envy you for your ability and <propfemale> to stay in mrs daniels class!i hope you get that new camera you want  smile oh im sorry for aiming at you in dodgeball that one time   i was a bit of a high tempered firecracker  maybe next year we'll have a class together, yeah?"
42717- i've known you since i've lived here and i'm so glad we've stayed friends so long  smile  you're a take-no ones-crap type of girl and i respect that a heck of a lot  you've given me great advice and trust me enough to ask me my advice as well  you're a quick witt and pretty darn halarious  we need to <propfemale> out sometime during break  smile 
ok  so i really want a tattoo ):
"on a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair\warm smell of colitas, rising up through the air   "
<propmale> might actually have a <propmale> against oakland this time (;
"when i run, it's like i'm flying smile "
forget sunshine! you're my smile smile 
"dad's orders got deleted, guess what that means!! you guessed it   i might be moving to <propfemale> in the next few months! hooray!?!   nope  ):"
we'll never be as young as we are today smile 
ya'll are awesome! smile 
it's frickin' halarious how people pay way more attention to you when they don't like you
music is my time machine smile 
"ran around like an idiot with lorrisa patz & <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> during 6th hour smile  played peek-a-boo with the library kids, skipped my i-pod down the hall, pics, and ran around fry's for some strawberry frosting with averie! top it off, <propfemale> doesn't have bus transportation tomorrow![no school] tally that all up and it equals   a dern good day! smile "
time to sail away from the safe harbor
"when you love someone, it's not the fact that you can't live without them, it's the very fact that you don't want to  love "
"my phone wanted to go for a swim  completely failed and drowned, but at least it tried!"
