3eb2ffd9e87cae9913d50d3453ec4066
"9 9 09 -we were in 9th grade, 10 10 10 -we will be in 10th grade, 11 11 11 -we will be in 11th grade and 12 12 12 -we will be in 12th grade  =o"
"no1 will scream at me from the tv this year!  sad   still happy new years and rip <propfirst> mays, we still miss you"
lol i need a profile pic
i'm so fucking bored
oh yea     isnt 2 day 4 of july      well then       happy 4 of july!!
im so fucking bored
oooooooooo i have a good idea from now on ill try to do a song-of-the-day thing  laugh 
the song for today 7 4 09 is can't be saved-senses fall
2day's song(7 5 09) is   far away-nickelback
my song for 7 6 09 is numb by: linkin park
"ok every1 im gonna go to lock havin for the weekend to see some family ill be back by sunday, ill try to get on facebook every once and a while but i cant talk to any1 on aim sorry "
"hey guys im typing from lock haven, it's pretty cool here i guess the thing that sucks is i have to use my unculs labtop and he always keeps it with him because he uses it for work and stuff but whatever  oh and by the way, <propfirst> i'll be coming home early"
"yo i just came back from watching transformers 2, it was frickin sick, if you havent seen it watch it as soon as you can   lol i had a few problems with tit but i can't e playful lain them right now, don't have emough time =p i'll be back by sunday "
"ill be home by 6 or 7, i think oh and btw my birth-day is 2marrow so yea   "
i'm home  laugh 
im 14 now if any of you care lol
lol this is 1 monster of a thunder storm 
why is rain so wet?
"everything is soooo dull, i wanna go sky diving just to put a bit of excitement into this pitiful thing called a life  t_t"
"i just came back from watching <propmale> and <propfemale> play, it was pretty cool, man <propmale> is lucky for having som1 like <propfemale>     it sucked when he died  sad "
"ugh i'm gonna be going to canada this monday, i'm staying for a week and then coming back so i wont be able to check anything on facebook =p   i guess niagara falls is gonna be pretty cool though  laugh "
"oh! she doth teach the torches to burn bright  it seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a <propmale> <propfirst> in an ethiop's ear; beauty too <propmale> for use, for earth too dear    -<propmale> (<propmale> and <propfemale> 1:5) my new fav quotation!  laugh "
"im at my unculs house right now  we are gonna get back to the road soon, it's gonna be another 5 hour drive t_t        niagra falls better be worth it  laugh "
"im in toronto right now im on my uncul computer right now so far it has been the best vacation ever i have a lot of photos and a bunch of vids im gonna post on facebook when i get back home  i few hours ago i did 1 of the coolest things in my life, i went"
"     ok where was i     and the fan has winds strong enought to make me fly, well not really fly but its like a simulation of jumping off a helecopter thus the name indoor skydiving =p"
"and if any of you are wondering about the falls i have footage of the falls and alot of pictures  iv'e been on the falls, wet by the falls, next to the falls, and behinds the falls   lol we almost got onto a helecopter but that was too much "
ill be home in 2 or 3 days       i think lol
"im in queens, new york right now ill be home 2marrow  laugh "
y is it so fucking hot up here? canada had the best wether ever =p
no offence to any1 from a new york city but how the fuck could you stand to live here!! lol
im home!!!!!!!  laugh 
is about to throw up
dude holy shit i got my letter from school!!!!! is any1 going to room 003?!?!?!?!?!
im sooo bored  sad 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0&annotation_id=annotation_664295&feature=iv
"true love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights  if you hear bells, get your ears checked -erich segal, i love that 1  laugh "
dude holy shit three days graces new album is coming out sep  22!!!!! its called life starts now  laugh 
"\friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never \"" -<propfirst> <propmale> <propmale>"""
2day was fucking awesome
hmmmmm its fun being on the computer at 3:49am
it fun being on the computer at 5 surprise 4am  laugh 
hmmmmmm pulled off another all-nighter
i wonder when im gonna hit the wall      
i wonder why im making so many posts     
my mom is going to get up 4 work in 26 minuts     
i spelled minutes wrong on my last post       
yea im gonna go to fucking sleep now
just came back from watching district 9 and it was fucking awesome!!!
has snuck off out of bed to go on teh computer       oh gawd i think i added my dad to my friends list                   hi dad  laugh        am i in trouble?
"just got back from the orientation, i was alright i guess     it was way to fucking crowded  annoyed "
"i fucking loved that thunder i was just lying down and listening to in, i love how the rain sounds so peaceful and then you just hear the aggressive sound of thunder blasting in your eardrums, it's awesome! to bad it's over now  annoyed  oh well        =p"
g2g to my cousins house  annoyed 
oh my god disney bought <propfemale> comic this morning for 4 billion dollars d= they are going to distroy my childhood superheros sobsobsobsobsob d'=
tôi giành chi?n th?ng
??? ??? ???? ??? ?? ????
just got my haircut its not bad but i got to let it grow a little  annoyed 
"grrrr i need to buy some hair gel, my new haircut wont stay fucking place!! wow that sounded generic and superficial(and if you don't know what those two words mean look it up =p)"
"just finished watching <propmale> it was hilarious, obviously if your homophobic do not watch <propmale> lol"
the im system in facebook sucks
sobsobsob i was supposed to have a little brother!!!! my mother had a miscarriage when i was 3 1 2   life fucking sucks      why was he taken away from me? *sigh* sorry i just had to let out all my grief   
last day of summer    
yeah i have a pretty strong stomach but nervousness+food=i'm guessing you know     
"i'm pretty scared about high school but i'm pretty excited because this summer fricking sucked, and i'm trying to cut down on swearing and that is really hard for me lol"
it was pretty cool i guess
"today was better then yesterday that's for sure, but i think it's gonna get a lot better when classes start, and for some reason i'm much happier during the school year  smile "
is really depressed  annoyed 
grrrr i hate homework on the weekends >=i (i haz made a new face  laugh )
pain and suffering are sometimes hidden by a smile
just got his itunes fixed  laugh ddddd i have my music back  laugh ddddd
"*name* and *name* sitting in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g, first comes love then come marriage  then comes a and abrupt miscarrige  then comes blame then comes dispair, two hearts broken beyond repair     *name* leaves *name*, and takes the tree  d-i-v-o-r-c-e      d'= *sobsobsob*"
i haz got home!!  laugh 
sitting in this room playing russian roulette finger on the trigger to my dear <propfemale> out from the window see your backdrop silhouette there's blood on my hands and it's something i cannot forget   something i cannot forget   -escape the fate
this ti-84(plus  laugh ) is hard to use!!!
just got three days grace's album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's fucking awesome
it's official three days grace is my most faverate band ever!!! lol
"god i hate homework, i have english homework almost every fucking night   i should really stop cursing so much, i think i have some relitives in my friends list lol"
i have to go to school 2marrow     i better make the fucking robotics team
"oh my god i was looking in my itunes and i listened to lost in you-three day grace 93 times and i only had the album for like a week, iv'e never listen to a song that much in my itunes damn"
<propfemale> shit!!! now that i did the math that means all together i have spent 5 hours and 47 minuts listening to lost in you-three days grace
gudnight everwun
"i'm so tierd i wanted to sleep in but i had to go to robotics, it's fun but damn saterdays though? grrr"
"oh my god, i just got back from hiland park because my sis has this party thing there and we were 1 hr early!! i was like  annoyed  then i was all like t_t then i was all like >=o then i was like > annoyed "
well off to highland park     again t_t
metallica is fucking awesome!!!!!! *headbangs*
"i havn't been this depressed in a long time, i don't know what it will take to make me truly happy again    "
"robotics meeting 2day at 7,probably wont be back until like 10"
is happy again!!!  laugh 
is so bored   
?_??
"the days go by so quickly      but not the homework, that shit takes 4ever!! lol"
configed meh firefox to make it faster  laugh 
has math homework and 4got his textbook    hates his life t_t
has a fever of 100     his life is getting suckier by the minute      t_t
"i hate my sister!! she is such whiny little brat, she needs to stfu and grow a spine"
woo neds scool? scool is retared!!! lol
<propfemale> shit my dads birthday is on wensday?!?! and yes i did just find out on facebook    thank god for facebook lol
"long day, i've been waiting 18 hours to go back to sleep lol goodnight everyone  laugh "
gellet mach 3 turbo  laugh 
i dont really get the point of the new veiw news feed and veiw live feed feature   
awwww i was playing with a pen carthage and then it bust but i didnt know it and then i rubed my right arm then the ink got everywhere!!
i am going to a wolfmother concert!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nov  6!!!!!!!!!!!! at the electric factory!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i just got back home, soaking wet, <propfirst> had to wash his hair because he had temperary dye and facepaint on, hardly got any <propfemale>, alot of it is wet, and im fucking tierd             best halloween evah!!!!!!!!!"
well it was a terrible halloween but whatever i think next year is gonna make up for this year    goodnight every1  laugh 
well goodnight facebook ppl
time is going by so slow minutes feel like slow shallow hours   
"went to sleep at 2am last night, i really have to learn to sleep earlier lol"
panic! at the disco's new song is awesome!!!  laugh 
mmmmmm peanuts and pudding lol
*sigh* i waste my life on facebook lol  laugh 
"looooonnnggggg day im gonna go take a nap, goodbye facebook people for 2-5 hours"
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click, then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works "
my throat hurts     it's not the same listening to music and not being able singing along!!!!  sad 
"damn maintenance, i want facebook chat back up t_t"
"?_? <-----reposting for future copy & paste referances, strictly bussness"
's life is so boring t_t
one of my dad's co-workers are gonna come over wendesday to give me guitar lessons  laugh 
why dose life seem to be so bland and tastless? everyone is so shallow and genaric with the exception of the few awesome people in my life  smile 
"gym make-up was so hard, im so sore t_t"
getting guitar lessons soon  laugh 
no1 is on? come on it's only 12 smile 0 people!!
"the week is over, time for a well deserved nap!  laugh "
"remember when i said i was going to take a nap? well i just woke up so ive been sleeping for 17 hours, that's one hell of a nap lol"
hmmmm i want to take a nap again but i don't want to sleep for 17 hours again lol
it's offical hot topic is my new faverate store!!!!!! it was so cool there and the people working there are really cool and nice  laugh 
"ok am i missing something, why the fuck is every1 making their profile pic pokiemon??"
"i jst went to the <propfemale> \fuck da police\"" and oh my god it was so funny they are so retarded 1 learn how to spell i can't fucking understand you and 2 it's called \""don't break the law\"""""
"ohhhhhhh people are changing their profile pic to pokiemon because of a event \change your profile pic to your favorite pokemon\"" it's from dec  3 to dec  31"""
nightmare before christmas is on!!!!  laugh 
now <propfirst> and the chocolate factory is on disney channel is epic 2day!!  laugh 
i love the snow and all but god damn shoveling sucks soooo bad
"hey you!!! yes you, no not you, you, yes you, you right there sitting on that chair      do you like tacos?"
im home!!!!  laugh 
is completly addicted to kingdom hearts 2 and so far i've been playing    lets see    22 hours and 17 minutes     and i had the game for 3 days        hmmm    well i'm gonna go play some more!!
my chemical romance — title tba (release date: spring 2010?) can't wait!!!
just got back home from selling pretzels for robotics  laugh 
"when my time comes, forget the wrong that i've done, help me leave behind some, reasons to be missed  and don't resent me and when you're feeling empty, keep me in your memory leave out all the rest, leave out all the rest "
"i'm soooooo tired but i don't want to sleep, can't stop listening to panic! at the disco!!!!!!"
"found my <propfemale> in wonderland tape i'm gonna go wathc it now, thanks for reminding me about it <propfirst> <propfemale> hahaha"
i love my ipod so much   
"a girl asked a guy if he thought she was pretty, he said no  she asked him if he would want to be with her forever, once again he said no  she then asked him if she were to leave would he cry, again he replied with a no  (continued in the comment)"
is ready for the new semester     kinda
just found out that my aunt-in-law died     she was only 25   
"just finished mass effect 2     it was soooooooooooooooooo good, probably one of the best games i ever played   "
"stop there and let me correct it, i wanna live a life from a new perspective  you come along because i love your face and i'll admire your e playful ensive taste and who cares divine intervention, i wanna be praised from a new perspective but leaving now would be a good idea  so catch me up im getting out of here, catch me up im getting out of here"
"all the love i've met, i have no regrets, if it all ends now, i'm set  will we make a <propfirst> this time  will we always say we tried "
wtf is with the new fb layout
"my insides all turned to ash, so slow and blew away as i collapsed, so cold  a black wind took them away, from sight and now the darkness over day, that night"
we are off again 2marrow    wow 6 day weekend
"hmmmmm what to do, what to do     oh yeah absolutly nothing like i've been doing the last 2 days t_t"
i don't understand how is my sister related to me? she dosn't like disturbed!!!! well she is only 8 but still        
"you will get 100+ awesome points if you can tell me the name of this song and the band!!!       the reckoning ,the sickening, packaging subversion, pseudo sacrosanct perversion  go drill your deserts, go dig your graves, then fill your mouth with all the money you will save, sinking in, getting smaller again  i'm done! it has begun, i'm not the only one!(keith and augusto arn't alowed to vote)"
"still not assleep, my mind keeps straying   "
<propfemale> from finding nemo is so awesome  laugh 
ok where is my ipod im starting to panic!! where did it go?! it was right there yesterday!!! i really don't think i can last another minute without it    oh there it is                laugh 
"going to see avatar in imax 3d, i hope it's as good as every1 says it is  laugh "
"it is, avatar completly blew me away, it went was beyond all my e playful ectations, one of the best movies of all time "
finally done that god forsaken essay!!!!!!
"'s hair is getting annoyingly long, need to cut it t_t"
has anyone ever really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?  laugh 
talking to tech support for an hour is so fun
"shoveling is such a joy, it completes my life"
feeling pretty electric lately   owl city is like a drug!!!!!
mah internet has been fixed  laugh 
lacrosse is going to be fun  laugh 
lacrosse meeting 2day after school =p
"final fantasy xiii graphics look so amazing, they added a lot to the game play, and after you leave a battle your helth goes back up so you don't need to buy a shit load of potions, thank god "
"i finally got paramore back in my itunes, <propfemale> <propmale> is so hawt  laugh "
why the fuck am i still awake?
first lacrosse practice is 2marrow  laugh 
"ok i'm done my homework and im about to go to bed, tierd as shit because of lacrosse  annoyed     it's really fun though  laugh "
"i should really be sleeping, i'm so fucking tierd    and i have lax 2marrow, lol i'm such an idiot"
"finished homework, good lacrosse practice, easyer than yesterday's but i think that's because we did our sprinting in the begining and in the middle   but i'm still really tierd lol"
"yesterday i got home from lacrosse practice, tierd as hell had to do a shit load of homework so i stayed up until 2 in the morning i then had to wake up, go to school go to lacrosse practice again then walk home and now i have to do another shit load of homework    god i can't wait till summer "
love lax but god damn i hated todays practice was the worst so far   
just got up from a 13 hour nap  laugh 
god i hope we don't have to run in lacrosse 2marrow again      
"lax practice was fun today, happy we're back outside"
"i'm gonna be having lacrosse practice over spring break, fun!!!      well i have no life anyway so i guess it doesn't matter                     laugh "
"i hear some people are going to disney, some people are going off to different states to relax at beaches, see family, ect  well i'm going to lacrosse practice!!!!!  laugh        smile          annoyed         annoyed          :[       "
"well jvb doesn't have practice for the rest of the week, i'm gonna be bored out of my mind for the rest of spring break      d:"
"i've gone crazy cause there are things in the streets i don't believe, so we'll pretend it's alright and stay in for the night, what a world, i'll keep you safe here with me "
i now only hate the rain because it makes it harder to go out and play lacrosse
just got home from practicing lacrosse all day  laugh 
"just got finished watching the vampier's assistant, it was actually really good, i think i'm gonna read the books  laugh "
i'm so tierd and this new computer chair is so comfy    but i don't feel like sleeping
owl city's vanilla twilight music video is pretty epic  laugh 
"i'm so tierd right now, it's not even funny    "
"and i was one who thought i was the strong one, well you proved me wrong, now i'm singing along to every song on the radio i don't wanna go  come on baby tell me something i wanna know and i don't wanna say what is on my mind because this lack of motivation is taking over my time and i'm sick of trying "
 laugh 
"well if i stay up any longer i think im gonna pass out, goodnight"
<propfirst> is attempting to put on guyliner     why god? why?
"they once made a <propmale> <propmale> toilet paper, but there was a problem: it  wouldn't take shit from anybody "
is back home
lol i love south park   
what time do we go in 2marrow?
is flying his toy helecopter around  laugh !!!!!
"i'm not tierd at all, i'm gonna be tierd as hell 2marrow, how the hell am i supposed to wake up at 6 tomarrow?! or ummm 2day     whatever"
"the silence isn't so bad, 'til i look at my hands and feel sad 'cause  the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly   "
"lol i just realized that i remember the names of a lot of my team mates in lacrosse because the coaches yell their names so much, so i would read their name and just hear a scream in my head of the coaches yelling their name     laugh "
"fuck, my knuckels still fucking hurt, thanks a lot <propmale> <propmale> lol"
" laugh  i was talking to <propfirst> on aim and then i felt like cursing    a lot, because it's fun but then in the middle of me cursing a storm, <propfirst> calls me tell me to stop, his mom is on    fml"
i just downloaded the pokemon theme song(english and jap ) for my itunes ipod  laugh 
"this has been bugging me for a while, what should i name my lacrosse stick? i've had it for a while and i can't think of anything    it's a long pole"
i am number 13  laugh   laugh   laugh  i'm sorry <propfirst> gorman i didn't choose it barnes gave it to me and i didn't want to say no lol
¿?o??o?o? ???? q?? ??? ????? pu? ??o? o? ?u?o? ?uo?u? s? oooooooos
going to go watch kick ass tonight at 10:50  laugh 
i got home from watching kick ass around 1 smile 0 last night and it was one of the best movies i have ever seen    ever
"lacrosse game 2marrow, i need some rest, goodnight  laugh "
happy birthday myth(my little sister)!!!!!!  laugh 
guess what i'm gonna buy for mah sister's birthday? a girls lacrosse stick  laugh 
"youtube changed the way the video player looks, that's just great    why do websites try to fix what isn't broken?"
500 days of summer was epic
"just got my hair cut, now i'm not dieing under my hair  laugh "
is reading the bfg with his little sister  laugh   laugh   laugh 
yesterday was fun  laugh 
if any of you guys saw my last statues about marwa and augusto it's not real i was just messing with him and i hit share but never let go of it so like i never ment to post it so yeah     
got a new phone  laugh 
facebook on mah phone!!!  laugh 
"just got back home, the lacrosse season is over 4 me but im gonna probably join the summer league "
graderoom  laugh 
"ok agniv one more day and then the weekend, you can make it!!!!"
watching the fourth kind      it's scary as fuck       it's awesome  laugh 
i just found out former singer of black sabbeth and fenominal solo artest dio has passed away this morning r i p dio  d:
feels like summer   makes me happy    until i realize i have to go back to school on monday    d=
smoothies are an amazing thing     
i'm like really late but i just finnished downloading bullet for my <propfirst>'s newest album fever  laugh 
how about them black hawks?
yo! iss boatin'!
"yo dawg i heard you like facebook so we put \facebook in yo facebook so you can facebook while you facebook    "
studying french pisses me off but it sounds purdy     so it's ok    kinda
there is nothing like watching spongebob after getting home from exams      laugh 
watching toy story 2  laugh 
"going to <propmale>, florida on july 23  laugh  might even go to palm beach if we have time but going to universal for sure  laugh "
did you know that only male fireflys can fly and light up? that's because female fireflys are in the kitchen making male fireflyes a sandwitch   
it is now time for a well deserved summer  laugh   laugh   laugh 
come on spain!!!! you lost to switzerland? switzerland?! im not a huge spain fan but come on now   
south korea played a good game but <propfemale> played a better one   
go greece!!  laugh 
mexico won   wow they played really well actually
duude that fucking ref hate the us d:
ggoooooooooaaaaaalllllllllllllllll
why was that goal not count? what the hell is wrong with that ref? i don't think i have ever hated a ref as much as i do now    he was freaking redicules >=[
algeria better win or tie so <propfemale> can kick their ass wednesday
got verizon fios and it is fast and i'm happy  laugh 
just got back from watching toy story 3    it was amazing  laugh 
i love apple juice  laugh 
guitar lessons starting saterday  smile 
i knew usa could do it!!!!!!!!!
"lovely weather we are having, eh?"
did you guys know that <propfirst> <propmale>'s white glove is actually a modified golf glove? =o
well i'm off to get my guitar lessons  laugh 
"is still happy brazil lost, now it's easyer for <propfemale> to win  laugh  i'm so sad they have to face germany next though    germany is my second pick d:"
"fireworks  love  yes i used a heart, this is amazing     ="
i love you guys
one of the best days of my life i love summer 2010 is amazing  laugh 
my favorite team is out but they lost to my 2nd favorite   germany champions 2010!!!!
"i fell asleep with the lights on  i can see you're the first one in a long time that had some faith in me  i tell my friends, it won't be long before it's time for me to come back home  it feels like i'm ready for anything, if you can wait for me  -another song for the weekend by a day to remember  laugh "
home  laugh 
"got back from guitar lessons, now i know how to do the intro to wake me up when september ends by green day , it's super easy  smile  but the 1st sring(thinest) broke and now im really sad d: probably getting it fix tomarrow and getting new strings and bringing the strings closer the the neck  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh "
not getting my baby back until 2marrow d':
just got back from the <propmale> institute  laugh  i love the electricity room
lol my sister tried punching my arm and she hurt her hand and is now crying
"my money's low so instead i'll write you a song everyone will know  everyone will know, so here it goes      can you hear me? i write so much and it makes me sick  that is all about you \lets drop everything and not come back 'til next fall  everyone knows that you've got me right where you want me to be "
why am i still up? i'm doing absolutely nothing      
just fell up the stairs
i want to be in a mosh pit    
i wish i never thought my sister how to play bad romance by lady gaga on the guitar    she is so annoying
learned to play scars by papa roach today    i'm happy
ya dun goofed
"i\ can't wait until august 31, new disturbed album!!!  laugh  and heard that \they will be coming to tower theater for their tour!!! i'm defiantly \going to try to get some tickets > laugh "
school starts august 30th t_t this summer was wayyy to short   
i just saw batman: under the red hood    it was probably the best animated batman movie yet  laugh 
been listening to a lot of avenged sevenfold lately   r i p rev =[
happy 18th anniversary mom and dad!!!  smile 
"okay, if i were to make a band, what name is the best in your opinions? \rate each name from 1 to 10 please and i might give you a cupcake  smile "
off to the beach then    i guess
you guys ready for the new school year?!    because i'm not
lol am i the only one that laughs his ass of when he watches the shake weights for men commertial?
new disturbed album!!! it's is awesome    im going to try to get it signed when i go to the concert
"so they are going to make chess a olympic sport     wtf, what about lacrosse?!"
life is just one dissapointment after another   
i finally have internet back    it hurt not having it but i'm ok now  laugh 
all the fingers in my left hand are killing me    
new south park!!!  laugh 
the new jersey south park was great   
happy birthday dad!!!  laugh 
3 doors down is so freaking amazing    
colds are so fun    
"\you didn't say please stop playing beethoven on my  ass with a broom \""-eric parsons"""
"oh my god, eagles are destroying the red skins, vick is now one of my favorite qb's "
loves it when flirting teens have a back and fourth on each others wall and it takes up the whole news feed <propfemale>     annoyed 
"lmao, <propmale> tries scrambling and fumbles the ball "
got the new a day to remember album!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
tonight was great   
"another great night, looks like i'm on a roll  laugh "
happy birthday <propfirst> parsons!!!!  laugh 
there is going to be a full lunar eclipse tonight and no one is up     annoyed 
wow the <propfemale> is so red  laugh 
"look at my 9 year old sister talking back because she's so grown up     back up she's a grown woman now  pretty serious stuff, telling me what to do and such  good job sis "
"no school tomorrow, can't wait to go sledding tomorrow    but no one that is going with me has a sled    that could be a problem  annoyed "
watching house  laugh 
