8ae7d8a3b7883b1f571a74429ec7ec30
i welcome 2010 by sleeping in my own nice warm bed that i haven't seen in a loong time!
needs to find a dress for playing in the ceremony tomorrow
we get yearbooks today!
is trying to upload her colt day photos but it isn't working!
schools out! taylors over!
is leaving for yakama soon 
got back from yakima yesterday night  i'm now sick of dairy <propfemale> after having it 3 days in a row   
has to clean out her room    that will be fun   
it's <propfirst> phelps birthday today!
happy 4th!
is finishing packing  later night? nevershoutnever concert!!
is at the js house 
happy birthday mom! french silk pie! yum!
movie= ac=  smile 
we tried to go to ballenger lake but it was on fire     sad 
"is pumped for mexico! well, california then mexico "
to mexico!  smile 
campp    sucked!
ice heat ice heat ice heat ice    sore!  sad 
backk from swim meet!
"just got back from the rootbeer drive in  surprisingly there was a car show going on, guess who had to go and look for a while?"
back from swimming!  smile  mom is home!
doesn't really feel like packing for the 8th time this summer   
just found out she has to be at church by 8 smile 0am    still has to pack!
still has to pack! why am i such a procrastinator?!
is packing finally 
going camping soon!  smile 
back from a great youth retreat!
gets to go take a real shower and sleep in her own real bed!
swimming tryouts today
just got back from the mall with <propfirst>!  smile 
is ready for the new fridge to come so we don't have to keep using a cooler
"swimming was backstoke today, guess who doesn't like backstroke?"
aqua fridgee!  smile 
back from swimming  smile 
has decided to start waking up early at 4 smile 0 to get used to her school schedule    we'll see how that goes smile 
just got back from natalies  swimming at st eds today 
found out she had mrs padden again  a whole other year of hearing 'lets go to our dear friend miss vermurlen '
"plummer, bale, montague, padden, park, swenson"
back from firstday off school and first 'swim meet'
morning practice didn't do anything except make me wet  i'm still tired!!  sad 
my hair is <propfemale> much shorter now it feels so weird
is excited for the nex season of so you think you can dance starting wednesday!
back from ponyo it was too cutee
how super secret can the photoshop super secrets get if they are posted online?
is stuck on bales homework! tonight; so you think you can dance && mentalist!!!
youth group soon!  smile 
back from youth group
"indiana jones, vampires, handcuffs, recycling, morgues    hmm what  comes to mind??"
"\your hair smells almost as good as my armpit!\"" swim team girls i love you!"""
is doing the bale project slowly but steadily 
is hooked on mexican soap operas   
lost my voice 
manila mango
swim meet!
the seasons skipped from summer to winter really fast  poor fall 
caffineee!  laugh 
gamee   smile 
blue skies and    thunder? crazyy weather!! swim meet!
snow white got with grumpy and had a pixie?
happy hallow everyone! homecoming tonight!!
"isn't aloud to use the <propmale> for 3 minutes for filming bale project, but is aloud to film with very old cam recorder for 20 seconds of film only to convert it onto the computer and imovie taking well over an hour? why even have modern technology if we aren't even going to use it?!"
is having an out-of-it day 
is <propfemale> nervous for districts today!!
just got home from district finals!!  smile 
loves sleeping in!
<propfemale> is trying out for my swim team!! <propfemale> excited for her to swim with us!
is going to the movies now  smile 
wants to go to the store for some cake
ate spinach today  and really really liked it  so much for <propfemale> doesn't eat anything!!
wants to be a time traveler!
is laughing so much her side hurts with <propfemale>
happy turkey day!
i hate christmas trees now  or atleast putting them up 
has gladly conformed to hair cut season!
winterfest!!
winterfest was pretty much amazing  i think we need to square dance while ice skating
happy national cake day!
if you step in some dog crap and you have to go somewhere really fast but the smell is too horrid what do you do? throw the shoe out the car and dangle it from someones armwhile you drive! total sense 
breakk! amazing weekend ahead! lock innn tonight
leaving for the swim meet c:
should start packing for minnesota soon because i haven't even started yet   
my dad is a very funny person 
is leaving for the flight to minnesota soon!
is in minnesota! c: gaterade anyone?
is fish a meat?
no snowmen for me   sad  however    a fort is in the process  i love the snow!
<propfemale> christmas!
well     neither is <propfirst> cullen 
i never knew some women ate watermelon with such lust in their eyes  i've been eating? it all wrong   
"found out today that even when you see air underwater, you can't breath it back in "
had her braces taken off then put back on and then ripped back off to be put back on yet again  my mouth hurts like crazy now 
thinks im getting better at this cordinating thing  today i opened a door and then walked into it
knowing i'm not that old i still wish i could stay young forever!
spilled 10 pounds of sugar    i hope that doesn't give me bad luck
thats what you get for procrastinating 
my inner 3-year-old is calling out to me   
people never change 
is that your pot dough?
state for swimming today! go sharks!
did awesome at state and is now qualified for regionals! idaho here i come!
it should be the weekend for forever 
started off the day setting off the fire alarm  ended the day with a pan of under cooked brownies 
"\quick! make me cry!\"""""
cleaned her room!
hasn't taken a shower at home in like 3 weeks 
i'm going to be lazy and not dress up for viking monday 
"good essay= 10% inspiration, 15% perspiration, & 75% desperation"
"rainbow classic tomorrow  swimming 50 back, 500 free, 50 fly, 100 free, 50 breast, 50 free, plus relays  it's going to be an awesome meet!"
2010 vancouver olympic commercials beat the super bowl commercials hands down 
had a good swim meet  i punched some '13-year-old superstar' swimmer kid right in the face on accident and sprained my pinky  that made my valentines day 
<propfemale> of all things made in a blending machine  cept for when i make them start on fire 
"39 days til easter, 15 til regionals, and 8 until my birthday c:"
<propfemale> is back from the hospital!
black sweaters + dog hair = walking static electricity maker 
im a veggetarian except when i eat meat
thanks for all the birthday wishes! im ready to hit the road!
last minute packing then off to school! <propfemale> excited for regionals
because its holy week we shouldnt have to have any test  maybe its against my religion and i just dont know yet  but still  no tests 
it's most definitely an option that i should become a shoulder massagist as soon as i can find out how to say it right
"eating cookie dough! i feel like a baby having my back wisdom teeth come in a,ready   "
cannibalism vegetarians eating human tofu something ought to be wrong with this   
it's a very sad day when a grown 15 year young girl has to ask her mom how to make macaroni and cheese  good thing i've learned now!
no matter how fancy you dress you can always act like a 4 year old 
kind of suprised that throwing 4 bowling balls down the <propfirst> all at the same time didn't get anyone kicked out of the bowling alley   
the sun needs to stay just like it was today for the rest of summer
the child has no more sense than god gave a screwdriver    hahahaha
has a carbon footprint of 7 05 earths used if everyone lived like me  good thing most people dont live like me! happy earth day!
i recently discovered my dog has a fetish for panties by giving people a 'i want to get in you pants' look 
my school was set on fire today  but its all good  it was only set on fire a little 
"my 10 cents fish from 3 years ago is still alive, my fish that i just got on saturday died with in 3 days  sad? i think so "
moat <propfemale> has 1 fish then she buys 2 more fish then suddenly all die within one day of the other  suspicoius much?
the vermurlen girls have a talent for feighting at the weirdest times  today's win goes to <propfemale> vermurlen for passing out while taking a bite of her taco  i knew there was a reason i didn't like mexican food 
may the 4th be with you!
why is it that when ever i'm thirsty i never have any water so i always have to resort drinking other peoples drinks?
what? has the day finally come where huge <propfemale> man deoderant has run out and now she doesn't have to smell like man all the time!? oh yes world  it has happened 
"for some reason in our house we have dvd, blu-ray, ps3, ipods, ipads, wii, and vcr players but we don't own any cd players!"
my nightmare started when my coach said is was going to be a fun practice 
while swimming in the meet today doing the 1650 i couldn't stop thinking about how much the pool tasted like walnuts and why it would even taste like walnuts in the first place   
"has caught the infection of saying \sad day\"" repeatedly  who else have i spread the disease to?"""
waiting for my man cookies to come out of the oven is like waiting for someone to come out of the delievery room  but then you get to eat the kids  even better!
seeing cool whip on your body reminds me of the rabie foam that fizzles out of my mouth 
that's it i want to go flash mobbing 
went to swim practice wearing socks and didn't remember to take them off before i swam  it gave my coaches quite the laugh
got a speeding ticket for pushing a wheel chair too fast today  i swear  people in wheel chairs like to go fast too!
when ever i go to a fancy resturaunt you can always tell where i sat because it looks like a 2 year old ate there and left a mess 
it's weird not having any of my big sisters in the house lots of changes for the vermurlen household!!
"<propfemale> senior graduation, actual graduation, was 1 1 2 hours  our fake 9th grad graduation?? 3 hours!!!!"
forgets to feed herself dinner when her parents go out of town   
is a very dangerously graceful aerobic playground climber  c:
"go to <propfemale> dei church to get your car washed! 11-130  3215 larch way, lynnwood!"
i love how when i scroll over words my computer instantly converts them into other languages  thanks petunia!
laying the the middle of the freeway was a great idea  i want to be a troll that lives under a freeway bridge 
im tan from yakima! well tan compared to me <propfemale> whiteness i usually am   
i wouldn't be very good at holding down parade balloons because the whole time i'd be thinking about how cool it would be if the giant balloon got loose   
what a way to start the day! back home from new york with the mission trip  lots of stories and jokes to share  but after i catch up on my 3hr time change no sleep scheduel 
ooooooh goodness  tonight was too much fun  planning for friday night? eveeeeen better!
"\it's okay we can just heat up our food with our breath\"" ohh how i love my <propfemale> dei family for putting up with me """
im a master ship builder  does that give me the right to command people to walk the plank?
as if i wasn't loud enough people now give me microphones?! i'm loving this!
"<propfemale> melillo, <propmale> lange, <propfemale> arsvold,  just thought you all should know, im a terrorist who makes bombs disguised as playdoh so they can pass through security at airports and also use 3 and a half inch bladed scissors and gum wrappers to conduct my weapons of terror  be so frying panning afraid  but shh dont tell anyone "
saw salt  it was amazing  now i'm waiting for the sequels pepper and paprika 
colorado has some amazing parks  washingtons parks dont even compare anymore 
rollercoasters are awesome  scream it like you mean it 
"whats worse than not being able to work out is only being to do certain work out things  now restricted on swimming: breaststroke, butterfly, flip turns, being on back for too long, and pushing off the wall to hard "
should be in mexico right now     sad 
doctor appointment for my back was today  gooood news! scoliosis isn't any worse  and all i should need is physical therapy  a lot of it 
cannot wait for the day where my car smells like bethanys pants were ofcourse all of my choco chips are stored! she's like the most amazing fry bank giver awayer
campingg! maybe this time i wont get hurt? nahh  thats askin too much  i always get hurt somehow 
feels awesome having air conditioning from spending the whole weekend havin an awesome time outside in the sun 
<propfemale> is coming home tonight!! c:
no more band camp   sad 
"didn't know you could do so many inapropro things with 2 male <propfemale> dolls     ransom peterson , <propfemale> arsvold thanks for discovering this with me "
i'm watching more little kid shows on nickjr and sprout than actual tv lately   
full <propfemale> tonight you know what that means   
"my classes this year: defense against the dark arts- prof  lupin, carof magical creatures- prof  hagrid, transfiguration- prof  mcgonagall, potions- prof  snape,  history of magic- prof  binns, and charms with prof  flitwick "
forgot how truely awesome it was to get dressed right out of the dryer  made my day 
"seattle vs minnesota, mariners vs  twins \ who will win?!  surprise "
went to a vampire weekend concert  only vampire weekend wasnt there they were sick and being jerks about it   sad 
anyone able to give me a ride home from inglemoor tomorrow who has a 7th period who lives near kenmore brier area??
the sleep deprivation is getting to me   
this weekend is going to be absolutely positively awesome 
is going to machine wash a dry clean only dress  i feel like a rebel 
went to albertson's for the deca project  they wouldn't let me take a picture  then proceeded to go to the next albertsons  they let me take a picture too bad i had forgotten a memory card for my camera  helloo using crappy cell phone camera pictures for important school projects!
"stoned to death, rocked to sleep  \same thing riiiight?"
pretty much doing props for deca as we speak for presenting tomorrow  yeeeah 
gets to sleep in tomorrow til like 7  i'm diggin it 
my mom destroyed all hope of me getting up later  looks like i will be waking up the same time as every other teenager out there  which is still later than normal for me  haha
"lost my voice  awesome  somehow it never kept me from talking though  awesome weekend with go nad <propfemale> carrigan , manmanman <propfemale> tagle , <propmale> holt , <propfemale> vermurlen , <propmale> lange , <propfemale> arsvold , and others that i can't name cuz i ran out of tags   laugh  manhanda i have a bump on my head because of that glowstick   "
i like it on the table 
"\mom what are you watching?\"" \""chinas got talent\"" \""well they dont sound like the best singer   \"" \""hes playing the piano with his toes and singing at the same time \"" \""thats pretty impressive   \"" ahahhaha\",8ae7d8a3b7883b1f571a74429ec7ec30,going to tea parties brings out my english accent 
sometimes i dont even understand what i say either   
last wednesday night band practice
everything feels like pants!
"<propmale> potter  18 days  \let the countdown begin "
fall and winter inspire me to be more creative with my life
friends don't let friends drink starbucks 
what? no more braces?! yess!
"so  funnay  just  sooo  funny  <propfemale> arsvold , <propmale> lange , and ofcourse <propmale> holt  "
god needs to shut the freezer before we all get freezer burn   
cabin fever has  been kicking in  <propfemale> vermurlen  get the towel  <propfemale> arsvold  you and your brother are just as bad as <propfemale> and me  c:
<propmale> lange  obviously watches cats drink from how skilled he is at it  but its okay i can still help him get the veeery last drop out without his cat drinking abilities 
i dont like the doctors  so why do i keep seeing them so very often?
"this happens every year  i get people christmas gifts  \and then i forget to bring them to school, or i hind them somewhere so sneaky that i dont even remember where i put them "
"why is it that after people give me a knife they feel like it is a bad idea? i mean, cmon, i'm <propfemale> vermurlen that is just an e playful lanation right there on why things work "
"it's always me who always ends up running into screen doors, slipping into giant puddles of water multiple times, tripping over my own feet and falling on the scariest part of a haunted house, and falling into ditches that i was warned about not even a minute earlier  ahhh gotta love those people who share those points in my life "
just got news from the radiologist  they think i have broken my foot  just got called back into the doctors office  has gone to the doctors office wayyy too many times now   
"the e playful losion  2011 edition  i'm looking forward to it  <propmale> barnard, <propfemale> carrigan, <propfemale> <propmale>  load up on your fiber now!"
is sick of the boot  although running in it was quite amusing  i've worn it for 2 days now doesn't that mean some magical healing powers should have taken over and now i can take it off and go swim at state and run 10 <propmale> and never have to worry again?
black hair looks good on <propfemale>?      something i never thought i would hear!!
"i must have had some <propmale> felicis, because i think i’m about to get lucky \<propmale> potter exhibit was the icing on the cake of a great weekend!"
why is there no one in the world like me?
"i've always wanted to be <propfirst> pan  the one who never grows old   i can't fly, but swimming is the next best thing   it's <propfemale> and balance   the water is my sky "
"sometimes you just gotta go all out and put 2 sugars in your coffee  or in my case, put 12 mints in your mouth "
"no boot on the left foot \walking version 2 0 of <propfemale> vermurlen, now wheres all my left shoes   "
"i'm a new kind of <propfirst> pan \the older i get my maturity gets younger "
and i did it all in heels 
boiled fruit loops in alcohol at room temperature  i had a great day 
regionals! day one done! c:
didn't get to swim at regionals today  looks like i have a date with an orthopedic specialist about my foot 
"hasn't swam in 7 days    \some how it's not that long of a time \but it still kills me "
"thanks to all those swimming guardians i have, <propfemale> hoffman, <propfemale> carrigan, and <propfirst> hoffman i get to have no fun at swimming "
"found some masking tape on my jacket today     \sign of a great weekend!\\though it wasnt so great for <propmale> and <propmale> who now need bleach baths   "
guess who asked for chinese food tonight?? can't say i don't like chinese food anymore and i have to say i'm glad! c:
"'lori \oh how that name rings in my ear \when i shut my eyes, she's all that appears \they call her a food freak, because she doesn't always eat that neat \oh did i mention how she gets the meat  wink \she's a wildabeast i tell ya!\always running wild and free,doing whatever she please \disturbing the old and corrupting the young and making the general public more and more confused    "
seems to be switching off injuries with <propmale>  right when i get out of the boot he breaks his ankle  now he says hes going to be sending a broken left collar bone at me    knowing me  it has a very good possiblity of happening 
"watching shark attacks made me want to go surfing  so naturally, i went bathtub surfing today "
