3aff01051d464992153aa5d4644d3fff
"falling into slumber upon a bed of roses, what will become\of us?   with no warning could come the darkness swallowing\us, taking us down into the very bowels of the earth! fire and brimstone e playful loding, bringing in its wake a wave of vibrant energy that radiates all around seeped in the torment and suffering of the damned and the dead   what ever\would we do then?  awake screaming in our minds, or forever slumber?"
let the fun begin    corvallis here i come  
"best first work day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well best time span spent in a day in a long time that was amazing  however the day ended shitty as fuck after a nice drive home to nothing but bulshit with my most recent ex, and yes im going to say that  it was bullshit and the evening was completely shot "
"yay for the snowball effect! lets fuck everything  up and then continue to fuck up! again, and again, and again, and again  and when its all said and done there nothing left but a giant puddle of melted fucked up shit that cant be picked up put back together, or be how it was before it started its journey down the hill  some understand some dont, those who understand are supportive, other think im too much"
i love work!!!! i dont love driving home to <propfirst> to go get my dog go home and by the time im there go to bed wake up and do it again  i need to live closer to work the an 80 mile round trip! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh i love where i live now 
nomnomnom    
"hasnt been that drunk in a while     i forgot how it feels the next day, and why i dont drink much to begin with "
"im fuckiing donedsdaljkfhb;skdh gu      your being a douche, and you know who you are "
"wow whos the asshole, i am  yep im ready to admit im a selfish prick who is rude and pushy and over thinks everything to do with myself  i have issues and i use them as an excuse to not be better, i let my problems hold me back, and im sick of it  so there you now all know im fucked up yet i dont change anything about it cause its easier to be a lame selfindugent asshole  im ready to now though  im done with myself "
aperently theres an emo <propmale> in my mouth so im gonna bite it off 
im ready to get suspended again    i want that feeling
nomnomnomnomnomnoomonmonom      sleeeep!
fuck shoes!    since my feet got tattoed i feel like i have been waering shoes constanly unless im sleeping   
im off to see the wizard     
that shit took me back to when i was 8     
"it feels oh so very nice to have a night without doyl around, i love that dog to death but a break is needed "
"uhg     i cant sleep, the minds keeps going,and going, and going      "
as soon as i find the cable to plug my phone into the computer i will be putting about 800 photos up    
found the cord now the fun begins   
"*gruble, grumble, grumble* darn technology   destroying my master plans   like aways    im having issues ill get them up when i fix it    "
nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom      cookie        nomnomnom       brains?
whatever i steped on last night when i was bare foot is kicking my foots ass right now    
damn getting your chest tattooed hurts more than i thought it would   dont get me wrong i didnt e playful ect it not to hurt    but damn  the sternum sucks  
"i have now locked my keys in the car 10 time in one year    and twice it was in another state  and yes i have one of those hide a key things, they dont help though if you dont put the key back when your done!   and believe it or not i find it funny as hell that i keep doing this "
what a wonderful day in the neighborhood  
"i got a panda, i got a panda, i got a panda today hey hey! *dances*"
my panda is sore    
ommm nom nom    nomnomnomnomnomnomnomnom   tastes like chiken     
 playful 
yay      fireworks    
morning world   coffee says hello
more chest work today!    this will be exciting 
tattoos feel so good the morning after    thank you oh so very much <propfemale> for your contribution to  my body of <propmale>  i feel much more complete now
life is good 
woot! strip club!!!!!!
having two retarded dogs is like    twice as much fun!    chows   * shakes head*
my lovely lady has left and taken the unborn child children with her    and i go to a therapist to be able to ever see them  let the rollor coaster begin! im ready for it 
"dude the nanny is on tv land now! holy shit, i hope i see the lady abi did at the dog park who sounded just like her!"
wishes his love the best and knows she can get through anything 
"i love my dogs even if the are seriously retarded    liuke chows   though i=one is part chow thats not the point there fucking retarded and amazing! i wouldnt change them for the world \\good luck <propfemale>   love "
another day in the neigborhood   
"hey babe!! your coloring on <propfemale> so im sending you secret messages via yourself    muahahahaha!! ok so im prettyy baked right now   not even gonna lie   anywho  just wanted you to know i love you, more than i can even say  love  cant wait to curl up with you tonight  smile   love  *handthing* byeeeeeee!!!"
hahahahahahahahahahahaha         old women    are the best! what a shame god gives men all the best hair    lol hahahahahahahahaha
"where to go next, what to do, what to say  i dont claim to be perfect, i dont think im ok  i hurt, i ace, i scream, and i yell  and yet i seem to continue, onward, around and around  no purpose, no gain, no <propfirst> left that will forever be remembered "
"take few steps forward fall down on face, take 2 steps back, take 1 step forward and see what happens from there"
"hi, im <propfirst>, i have anxeity, anger frustration issues, three great dogs named d, reptar, and 1st alert  anyone care to join me to walk my dogs or get a coffee?"
"cut me, burn me, hook me, tear into my flesh and break me  learn to live   start from the begining "
i could say that today has been an amazing day   could you?
new phone!
i'm walking in the clouds holding the hand of an angel in my dreams!
"i just want all my physical pain to go away, this cold is killer on me"
fuck dogs    
"i retract my previous statement about dogs    i'm not into the whole animal sex thing    however i hate it when they eat your shoes, or beer cozy   "
i'll tell you what's on my mind! march 11th! the annual body mod show at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s! everyone wants to see gladiators and slaves bleed!
i want my pixie  
"blood and gore! the roar of the crowd, the sand beneath your feet, the final blow! <propfemale>! these things are what gladiators dream of! live it @ <propfirst> henrys 3-11"
hahahahahhaa     lol   that was awesome     1st alert just fell off the bed cause she stretched out in her sleep   
i totally forgot <propmale> campbell was in escape from l a  nothing says your having a good night like watching shit movies and eating bacon bean & cheese burritos
"don't be a passenger when it comes to your life, take the wheel and drive "
pain 
i just want to be naked for a while  
had a great lunch out and now home for naked laundry and cleaning! woot!
if you always save the best for last who's to say you'll get to enjoy it before the end 
"what's on my mind is loss, struggle, pain, love, torment, self e playful loration, understanding, and finally  being alone in my kind till the end of time"
"<propfirst> henrys! 9pm tonight! night of the titans! hpp 9 annual body mod show   come see the blood, hear he screams, and potentially win a prize!1000$ in prizes!"
it's cold    i want hot cocoa       and a unicorn  
magic the gathering and zombie    its a wonderful day in he neighbor hood 
"one of these days ill let my body heal   so much to do, so little time "
 smile  i wish some of you could see how fake that is 
"release from my body, the constraints of the flesh, that of my evermoving mind  this is what i long for  to let go of a burden upon my heart  to be free, to be "
holy shit the view    im digging being in newport
life is more than good with a great dog by your side a few 22oz's and awesome people at the coast 
be true to yourself
"i first thought ide get home today eat sleep and be done   nope shower, eat, run! then sleep  "
chronic pain + dogs that don't sleep+ a brain that never shuts off= yet another wonderful night   and staring at a computer screen probably isn't going to help any 
"food, sleep, and doctor dredfull   what ever happened to making really shity <propfemale> with a fake laboratory? that's what's on my mind   that and tattoos  so much to finish  and suspension   i want to fly soon "
i need out 
im out of here  i'm losing my mind saying i'm sorry in my head to someone that will never listen  i will see you at the <propfemale> love 
"i'm here,not there  though what is anywhere compared to home  home is where the heart is, mine is missing  it's good to be back in cali "
"fuck vomiting, fuck driving long distances, and especially fuck both at once  can't wait for a cold beer and to watch 6 dogs be retarded  party on"
<propfemale> spears was married for 55 hours  i can marry divorce and get engaged to the same woman if i want 
