b8a09a6aeca04ce0e638d7b6ec1ee6fe
happy new year!
doing nothing  i've seen maybe 5 people total today  jas things zombies ate the rest
full
i can't kidnap anymore today  sad 
getting to know people
"i want to go visit the ducks, but we have to do more bonding stuff "
i'm so tired  i think i'll laze around and 'nap people
i'm home and happy
i'm sick and feeling home sick *sigh*
yay! going home!
we got fish! we had them for maybe 30 minutes and mine is already dead  how sad is that  sad 
is going home for fall break
happy birthday to me
did awesome on her speech
made it home  can't wait to see <propfemale>'s performance!
<propfirst> liked his birthday present
happy thanksgiving!
is not feeling good
so glad it's the weekend
yeah good job facebook  real good job 
fencing was so much fun today  i scored a point! *squeal moment*
went to survivor sweetheart breakfast  had a blast!
should be working but isn't
made a 100 on her economics test!
i am bothering <propfemale> while she tries to read
stepped on 3 trees
"they lost the master key to our apartment complex  so our lock, totally pointless  we moved the table in front of the door lol  that'll keep 'em out "
first day back to school!
i'm tired
i'm being driven crazy  though it wasn't that long of a drive to begin with
i ate too many gummi worms  ugh
i want to watch due date
going home this weekend  gonna terrorize the family!  laugh 
saw the matchmaker  it was hilarious!
happy thanksgiving!
<propfemale>
*armflail*
i think i just made an enemy   great 
the mocktail party was pretty awesome  had tons of fun dancing and laughing
i seriously hate watching sports  3 and 1 2 hours of my life completely wasted 
<propfemale> is banned from the kitchen
i got the last oreos  bwahaha!
butterscotch pudding  mmmmm 
"\i've always been crazy  it keeps me from going insane \"""""
"just got to the 5th <propfemale> of my paper! just gotta edit, fill in a chart, and then start my next paper   i don't wanna do another paper "
ugh  ate too much 
what a blustery day 
almost threw my water onto the stove thinking it was the sink  o o
grr  picma 2 is difficult 
"so, apparently i sleep walk "
"so i was watching afv while eating a peanut butter sandwich, when suddenly the guy on it told me to put down my peanut butter sandwich and make a video   i changed the channel and ate my sandwich "
