73f3b4a755799cf65d8aba0224c1ea76
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
oh how i love homework!
so sore so sore so sore   i love it!
pain is an illusion
happy thanksgiving!
homework time  sad 
rainy day   tired   time for coffee and loads of homework    7 days left
submitted my retraining for sere yesterday   about to go buy a ruck and kick my ass at pt
turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you 
can't wait to go home!!!!! 3 weeks     laugh 
i knew it wouldn't snow here!! fml
ugh   pharmacy law is sooo thrilling!
is anyone else gonna do that cna training 6 april - 1 july??
"finally got my order of frs  and it is amazing! frs com   you can get a free trial  trust me, it's awesome "
woo woo! in one week i'll be a staff sergeant! nco induction ceremony tomorrow   wis my family could be there  sad 
that's what she said 
anyone running the gate to gate run this year?
thank you so much everybody!!!!!!!  laugh   you made my day!
wooo wooo! <propfemale> shots!
ugh   i deeply regret last night  now i know why i quit drinking  never again  never 
"happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you "
i can't wait til payday so i can get my violin!!!!
woo! got my violin    hope the neighbors have earplugs!
passed my eoc    sooo glad that is off my shoulders  life is good  surprise )
gonna run the air force marathon this september   anyone else down?
beer o'clock   whats everyone doing tonight?
surfing  laugh   life is amazing
"sushi, surfing, beer, nap  best day of my life "
"the greatest gift is who you become by overcoming obstacles, road blocks, and setbacks "
lifting weights and then attempting run number 2 for today   woooo!
"ran, worked, lifted weights, ran again, sushi, homework  i am exhausted, but couldn't be happier  laugh "
making mini cupcakes and playing left for dead 2
at the beach  anyone wanna go to bdubs later??
homework  wish there were some decent waves   
1 5 weeks til vacation!  laugh 
sooo sore   love  marathon training
<propfirst> bowlegs and mcguire's tonight   heck yes!!!!!
kicking some zombie ass
1 year 5 months 13 days til i say toodooloo mofos!!
2 days until the best 3000 mile roadtrip ever  so excited to leave this piece for a little while 
vacation time!!!!
just passed big <propmale>'s boobie bungalow   wtf tennessee
in chicago doing beer bongs with my bro and his wife and bradley   best vacation ever
playing call of duty with my 13 yr old brother and his friends   me and <propmale> vs them  funniest thing ever 
goin to see the wizarding world of <propmale> potter in orlando   heck yes
wizarding world of <propmale> potter = total waste of time  sad 
"<propmale>- \harry potter thinks i'm a hufflepuff  that <propfemale> can kiss my white ass \"""""
happy  smile 
at home sick   drugged up and watching the sound of music
playing call of duty with my sweetheart  smile 
everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves 
you are the biggest loser i've ever known  just had to put that out there 
i can do all things through christ who strengthens me 
"done with people trying to take advantage of me and tell me what to do   i'll live my life the way i want, thank you very much "
i love my family and <propmale> teague 
goin to the y to get my <propfirst> phelps on
swam 25 laps yesterday   doesnt sound like a lot but i'm feelin it today  i'll be up to 50 next week!
mmm    monday  the only reason i can tolerate you is because i have this delicious triple latte 
i wish my brothers would stop kicking my ass in call of duty
the pool better be open today!! i need a hard workout today
"swimswimswimswim  <propfirst> phelps, someday i will shatter all your records along with your hopes, dreams, and dignity "
calm is the sea   the salt enters the wound   
oooo yeah   beef stew and call of duty
beat my swimming record!  surprise )  gonna celebrate with coffee and homework  such an exciting friday night   
lost 5 lbs   then ate 2 brownies  i'll be at the y bright and early tomorrow   
"me  \what are you thinking about?\"" my lil bro   \""my finger  it's weird\"" me \""why?!\"" my bro \""it has creases in it\""  what the fudge? lmao!"""
took 3 days of leave   peace out a holes!!
can i finish 4 months of schoolwork in 3 days? ready  set  go
how did i get a cold   again?
"fool me once, shame on you "
i can't tell you what it really is   i can only tell you what it feels like   and right now it's a steel knife in my windpipe   i can't breathe but i still fight while i can fight   
"i can't keep living this way  so starting today  i'm breaking out of this cage  i'm standing up, imma face my demons  i'm manning up, imma stand my ground  i've had enough, now i'm so fed up  time to put my life back together right now "
hmm   good night   gonna finish drinking my wine   probably will regret this in the morning   
mmm  coffee coffee coffee
"i don't give a damn what you think  i'm doing this for me  so f the world, feed it beans  it's gassed up if a thing's stopping me  imma be what i set out to be  without a doubt, undoubtedly  and all those who look down on me, i'm tearing down your balcony "
what is everyone's favorite cake? survey    
wine? ok! why not?
"it's a little too late to say that you're sorry now  you kicked me when i was down  f* what you say, just don't hurt me no more  that's right b*, and i don't need you, don't wanna see you  no more "
who wants to go to ihop wednesday? i do!
hmm  had plans but they changed  so what? i'm happy  just ironed my uniform while drinking a glass of lambrusco (sp?) and listening to the fray  extremely mellow and nice for a change  maybe being alone isn't so bad after all  laugh 
i'm alive again  more alive than i have been in my entire life  i'm not ever giving in again  caution to the wind  complete freedom 
ugghhh  wishes the week would hurry up  kayak trip saturday  yay 
omfg i need a nap
living on the beach=best decision i've ever made
 laugh 
what's everyone's xbox live name? i just got it  my name is   choosingterror   i know it's ridiculous  i was looking through the suggested names since mine was taken and i accidently accepted it  and now i can't change it  wtf 
"haha   \ur so gay\"" by <propfemale> <propfirst> totally reminds me of someone i know   rofl"""
still sore from surfing with the scony! (the game)
woot! put in for retraining today   got my fingers crossed! now to celebrate with beer and cod  laugh 
did really well on my dlab  putting in my papers for linguist retraining tomorrow  laugh 
who wants to play left 4 dead? i need 3 people 
ahhhh   i spilled beer on my bookshelf  crying  and why are paint brushes so hard to clean????????????
it's the beauty of confession  and the sound when the levees break 
"most of 'life' is just people faking it, trying to stay busy so they feel important and not afraid of their shadows  but i know that this busyness is like collecting <propmale> mint plates  and you have to fight for meaning in your life, for truth and goodness and authenticity "
"deafening silence-a silence or lack of response that reveals something significant, such as disapproval or a lack of enthusiasm"
r i p  ingle  you were a great friend and i will miss you  crying 
what a horribly emotionally draining day  gonna go watch the waves with some beers and try to relax 
mousehunting with <propfemale> clouse and getting crunk  burr bur burrr!!!
"\cau;se i sent you some uhh mozarellaaa cheeese?\"" omg <propfemale> clouse"""
i love the minions  theyre so  cute  are yo on your knees?
"i just lapped you, bitch! exclamation point fer sher"
wow! was not e playful ecting to wake up so early and feel great  what a great surprise  laugh    coffee+game time  love 
"it is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning   salvador dali is my soulmate  love "
should not have came home for lunch   the waves are beckoning me  awol? ok!
"<propmale> <propfirst> \there's always a party   even if we're not invited  \"" lmfao"""
"but i’m alive poking, stoking old fires, to burn you\from within "
"4 mile run + sprinting at every loud part of every tool song = the most refreshing, tastiest beer on earth"
it's my 5 years in the air force anniversary today!  love 
who keeps locking all these doors?!!
1st retraining board is tomorrow   wish me luck! *fingers crossed*
"llish peeps    \respect my hustle!\"""""
retraining approved! awaiting a class date!!
about to go to my 1st violin lesson   after the spicy wing challenge last night and the hot sauce challenge today   this could get interesting  
"half marathon at 6 am? sure, why not!"
ran my 1st half marathon! now i cannot move   
"california, here i come "
welllll   i re-enlisted today 
long run followed by beer and 11 days off work  love 
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
i need a pot of coffee and or a lobotomy to get through today   
wow what an awesome run !
i love the morning  news   lol @ drunk russian jr  hockey team  and what's up with the birds and fish dying?? it's definitely time to start reading my bible again  annoyed 
kicked my ass in the gym this morning  #beast mode
lmfao    listening to the lonely island while working out was an awesome idea   
 sad 
i won't let anybody bring me down today! #stronger
got locked inside my bathroom         
 laugh 
if you knew who walked beside you in every moment you would never doubt yourself again 
i need a piñata
help me <propmale> cruise!
