321860226b18ea19cc934a49f6067f60
 troubled 
"micro pigs,google it smile "
learning new songs in a diffrent language  it makes learning english songs more simple
blah bored
glee is a bug that makes u wanna sing  i like it  smile 
bleh
keep feeling mini quakes i how im imagening it   o o
on the news they say a truck e playful lodee upon ignition
big earth quake drill at 9 tomorrow be wary   
bleh bleh
too hot  can't go any where today   troubled 
watching <propmale> dynamite  funny stuff  laugh 
forgot wat was i about to do  o o
too hot    
feelin nervous o o
bleh bored out of mind
bored and tired   sleepy!
i dont feel good     
disney land  freakin out
flipin freaked out!! i dont know wat happend its like the walls were closing and i couldnt breath    never going to another amusement park ever!!!
recently having bad luck    o o
have to move the manager says only my sister and grandma can live here    we have to move out      
bad day today im starting to dislike things   
new fav  song mont blanc by gumi  youtube it   laugh  (its japanese)
far walk to friends    ugh   
talk to me  ima bored
"\gelado\"" that word is stuck in my head  playful """
drawin stuff but stil bored   
neh dont know were ima go   
headed towrd friends    long way to go   
im more of a night time guy   playful 
went trick or treatin 4 halloween with friends    ugh did more walkin then gettin <propfemale>    this might b the last year 4 this   
is it realy true that kittens are evil? o o
hahaha! your flipin kazy guyz!!  laugh 
ever had one of those days when  you're just relying on luck? yea im going through that today
<propfemale> headed bak home  the long ways the safe way!
stary night guide me home safly   crecent <propfemale> light me hope  thats wat these mean to me  joyful 
dont ya just hate it when ur xbox leaves a circle scratch on ur games?  playful 
secrets secrets     i have many  joyful 
been sick    with     the cough!
hahaha!! just watched <propfemale> hills ninja and  im still lauging  laugh  
not in a good mood   
the bed covers i have are cursed each time i put it on the bed and slept horrible nightmares apear    im serious o o
its better to regret then to wonder    
its too boring here!!! cant go to friends house and theres nothin to do x(
went to the dentist and my mouth is numb    x(
at boomers with <propfirst> and  party all nigh until 11!!  laugh 
right now im trying to improve my drawing for my bright and yet distant future 
hav to look 4 another apartment by tomorro so were looking   x(
i think the house im living in is haunted  because on the mirror it say  afuera on all of them o o
not a care in the world  smile 
tired    -_-
cant sleep   
