28137aa2114b557f5ed4ab0a02880b38
is wowing in <propfirst>!  i can't believe i'm looking forward to getting home already!!
"loves to label people, and will do so again tonight!!   smile "
is watching the tigers!!
"slept until 11 surprise 0 a m   this is what god created summer vacation for   yes, sir!!!"
"supports the \separation of church and hate \"""""
"wants everyone to <propfirst> their calendar for march 6, 2010   terrytown is celebrating it's 50th anniversary as a community   we're starting a festival, and have some awesome musical acts:  <propfemale> shaw, top cats & rockin' dopsie!!! how's that for kicking off "
"is thinking that if there is anything in this world better than cuddling in a rocking chair with a baby   he's yet to find it!!  after a week of doing that, i'm going through withdrawal    i need a fix   soon!!   smile "
rocked with green day   easily one of my top 3 concerts of all time 
"summer is officially over   teachers return today!  so begins the 36 week crawl to \next summer \""   smile """
"is ready for the kids to come back tomorrow   more kids equals less teachers being \needy\"" in my office    smile """
is ready to make some tacos!!!
back to the dome in the morning   it's that time of year!!
"is ready for a busy weekend   reunion, football, journey concert, and then watching the saints stomp the bills   then back to the grind on monday   how many more weeks until thanksgiving break?"
is counting down the days until thanksgiving break!!
"just indulged in a 5-course meal at impastato's   man   was that excellent, and the two of us got out of there for under $60 (pre-tip)   i think i'm gonna have to go back there soon   delicious!"
"i have to tickets to the hornets v  clippers this wednesday night (1-13-10)   $20 for two   anyone want them?  row 2, section 305   great seats   great fans on either side!"
just realized how young (or clueless) my wife is    she's never heard of shakey's pizza or the joust video game   uggghhh    
is proud of his awesome softball team   improved to 3-1 with an impressive victory over avondale (11-1) 
"is on the countdown    only 4 more wake-ups until we bid adios to the students; 5 more for everyone else   even though i go until june 17, i'm looking forward to the slower pace "
is still counting down    3 more wake-ups before the kiddos take a hiatus for the summer 
is wondering   are the students gone yet?  nope!  are the teachers gone yet?  nope!  darn   where's my summer vacation?   smile 
is soooooo ready for june 17 to arrive 
thinks mlb needs to quit being so darned stubborn!!  instant replay is needed for more than fair foul on dingers 
is hoping that rif doesn't catch some by surprise   always have a plan b 
"knows he's in louisiana when a flying cockroach can zip around a packed restaurant, and everyone just sort of ducks like it's a common housefly   unreal!"
"is a dyslexic, agnostic insomniac "
"british petroleum announced today that they will no longer hire cajuns to help in the cleanup  thiobodeaux, boudreaux and fontenot were told to clean as many brown pelicans as they could   so far, thibodeaux has cleaned and gutted over 56 birds while boudreaux made the roux and fontenot cooked the rice  (only in louisiana, eh?)"
test your skills:  http annoyed  games toast net independence 
thinks   therefore he ______ ?
is ready for season #23!!
   only 182 days of school remaining!!
"\library\"" time """
   and atlanta still doesn't have a lombardi    i'm just saying    
