8ea83605a4a1cf2a3c15463b6a5aef52
happy new years!!!
going to philly friday    i don't know what to feel about this 
<propfirst> <propmale> has officially died
reality is for those who lack imagination
leavin 4 philly today   
someone must be looking out 4 me  wink  car broke down on the highway and i'm still living!!
rip <propfirst>!!!!!!!
guess who's back?!
the rest of the fam is coming home 2day 
"an optimist is someone who falls off the empire state building, and after 50 floors says, 'so far so good!'"
my little brother is so annoying   
good night everybody  i need my z's 
you can't dwell on the past because you won't make it in the present  just live your life and look forward to the future 
between the typos and yawning i'm guessing my body's trying to tell me it's time for me to go to sleep 
controversy is not always a bad thing  sometimes it's good for you  people need something else to talk about other than the latest fashions or dance crazes 
????????????
being sick sucks!
pamlico school board sucks!
getting ready for the calc test tommorow!
"goodnight ppl, i have a huge test tommorow  wish me luck!  smile "
"ok, i'm sleepy, good night!"
is getting ready for the lift retreat
i know this has been done before but   i'm ready to get out of pamlico county!!!
the difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems  --mohandas k  gandhi
if you don't risk anything you risk even more  --<propfemale> <propfemale>
a little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle  --kahlil gibran
some people have so much respect for their superiors they have none left for themselves  --<propfirst> mcarthur
had fun tonight   smile 
"<propfemale> christmas from ya girl, <propfemale>!!!! booyah!!!"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along "
mythbusters is hilarious   lol
mmmm     grilled cheese w  pastrami and roast beef    
just got accepted into nc state!!
superbowl=sucky!
ok  so i should be going to bed right now   proof that facebook is addicting!
ok good night fb  i'm actually going 2 bed this time  i mean it!!
home sweet home!
wishes spring break would come faster   
some people are like rubiks cubes  they are hard to figure out            ---me
"also got accepted to drexel university as a <propfirst>'s scholar! 14,000 a yr at my other choiced school!!!! hmm   drexel or state  college visits will decide "
just saw <propfemale> in wonderland!!! it was awesome!
headache   ugh!
my computer is mad at me for some apparent reason   
????????
just wokeup and vaguely remember falling asleep   
why are some people still right   even when they're wrong?
gave blood today  kinda lightheaded   
i have a headache   maybe a nap willl fix it 
<propfemale><propfemale> <propfemale>!
papa <propfirst>'s pizza=awesome! why am i still hungry though   
snickers ice cream bar=frozen goodness but now my teeth are cold!
just made a wholesome dinner of chicken stir-fry  mmmm
doesn't feel to good   
homework is evil
so groggy    
good night facebook!
just watched a horrible movie   
"i'm going to be 18 tommorow! lions and tigers and bears, oh my!"
thank's for the birthday wishes everyone!
"thanks again everyone for the birthday wishes, this ws the best birthday ever!"
"ok all close friends (you know who you are!), i've decided to go to nc a & t instead of nc state because i am getting a full ride there and i don't want to spend the rest of my life paying student loans! it works out in the end because they are willing to pay for my grad school at nc state! just letting people know what's going on! best wishes! i love all of ya'll!!!  smile "
i ordered my new camera last night!!!
"funny qoute of the day: dear <propfemale>, i joined the navy to see the world  i've seen it  now how do i  get out?"
saw thenew doctor who ep  it was awesome!!  smile 
the <propfemale> trk movie is awesome!
my new camera arrived today!!!
ok so i decide the pink and white iced animal cookies are really ugly    but they taste oh so good  i ate the whole bag    
why do people spread news (mostly rumors) without checking to see if it's really true? if people don't seek the truth they could at least not spread untruths  if things keep going as is then the whole world will be one big lie  i hate it when people tell things and they don't know what they are talking about themselves  no one in particular   just a philosophical thought   
prom was pretty awesome!
the new doctor who ep was awesome  now watching avatar!
happy mothers day to all the real mothers  you are very much appreciated!
never thought i'd be saying this but    no homework!
so doctor who keeps getting more and more awesome    
i want to go to the show choir performance to see my friends but no one wants to go with me    oh well 
just saw iron man 2! it was awesome!
is going to bed   good night everyone!
if all guys start out in the womb as females   then aren't all guys transvestites? just some funny food for thought   not to be taken too seriously  lol
working today   it's been awhile   a long while   
"going away to my cousin, ratasha tillery-smith's house!!! be back in a week!"
using my cousin's ipod touch  my fingers hurt 
guess who's back   
hapy father's day!!
yay storm! awesome relax weather   
"lights went out! now they are back on, yay!"
watchin night at the roxbury again   lol   will ferrell and <propfemale> kattan were stupid
night facebook! i'm sure i have a lond day ahead of me    oh well next week will be great and the next few months i'll make the most of it! i'm almost free!!
"so    after an almost bad day   i open my fortune cookie and it says \you will be fortunate in everything\"" no lie   """
doctor who season finale= *fireworks!* pure awesomeness!
the bet awards are a sick joke!
finished orientation!
just finished a bag of doritos 2nd degree burn fiery buffalo  i kniw they are not good for me and they make your breath stink but they taste good   
yay! 4s on the ap tests!
has a headache   sad 
"wants sushi! boy, do i crave the weirdest things at the weirdest times    "
is from now on marketing herself as the worlds tallest midget   just because i can!  smile 
just had a wonderful weekend with all of my best friends    now i'm ready to go to college!
i move in tomorrow and first day is the 16th! yay!!! wish me luck  and to all of my friends: i love you and i'm going to miss all of you so much!
enjoyin being on my own  i like college life   ready for the school year to take off! will post pics soon!!!
i just carried 5 heavy books to my dorm  which is not close at all to the book store  and it's hot  next year i'm investing in shorts  maybe a butler to <propfemale> my books for me too  these things weigh more than elephants 
"i have a question  between walking back and forth to classes carrying heavy books, having whatever choice you want for food when you have the time and socializing where does one have the time to gain 15 pounds? the freshman 15 has to be a myth unless they are talking about 15 pounds of muscle in your legs  i'm confused and i think i actually lost weight with all the walking   sad   my jeans don't fit as snug anymore "
"thank you for being a friend \\traveled down the road and back again \\your heart is true your a pal and a confidant  \\  \\and if you through a party \\invited everyone you ever knew \\you would see the biggest gift would be from me \\and the card attached would say thank you for being a friend \\just watched the <propfemale> girls   haha"
finally went to the gym  elliptical kicked my butt but now i feel awesome!
definitely making a's in calc! booyah! thank god i had ms  moye in high school!
hates fire drills  i believe by the time you get out of middle school you should know how to get out of a burning building   
owww   my head  i have a weird headache 
hp computers and the vista operating system were both invented to torture people in hell  they seriously suck  i'd wipe it and go linux but the program i  have to use for my school isn't compatible  fail  i can't wait to get the laptop i want 
"french pick-lock? never fails  belonged to <propfemale> <propfemale>, charming lady  lost her head, poor thing    ~doctor who"
i have an imaginary car  it runs on <propfemale> dust  do you have any idea how much <propfemale> dust cost these days?!! seriously?! i can buy food for two weeks with that money!
good night facebookers! i'm going to bed!
thinks she did well on her exams today  only time will tell 
"lying is like a computer program  you have to build it, execute it, and maintain it  it's just too much work not to make any money  -me"
"if you car looks like a meal box on wheels and you decide to put spinning rims and a sound system on it i am not looking your way because i think your car looks good  i am looking your way thinking, \what an idiot \"" one of your rims should not cost more than the whole car itself    """
hmmmm     class is canceled  there is nothing to do  i think i'll nap!
yay! tonight is going to be fun! hanging out with my friends micayla goodrum and mecca <propfemale>!!!!
"critical analysis on kanye west's \power\"" video for critical writing class  if it didn't have to be a <propfemale> my analysis would be: kanye is full of himself  90% of the class thinks the video is demonic   figures """
zzzzzzzzzzzzz      
mmm   chinese food  still not sushi but i can live with that  i am on a college student budget  eventually i will get some  who wants to treat?
"my fortune cookie says: in the asking, is the receiving  dibs to the first one who can tell me what that means  lol "
"it's the best day everrrr!!!!!!\i now know the kind of day spongebob was talking about  today was great  two pairs of jeans for $14 54! i saved over $50 and they fit perfectly! i <propmale> out with my friends   made some new ones   life is good right now "
is jammin to thriller!!
failx10!!!! someone thought it would be hilarious to set off the fire alarm and sprinklers on the third floor  now i lost valuable sleep and others probably lost their stuff  i am majorly upset!
"holy crap, batman!!!!"
nap time!
this is micayla goodrum on charnelle's fbook profile with permission   of course! lol!
lol @ the <propmale> brown show: there is a presidential basketball 
the caf attempted to make jerk chicken today and failed miserably
"thinks classes should be canceled  it is cold and it is raining really, really hard  i am not in the mood to swim to class  i can't even swim!!!"
is getting her sushi fix  finally!!! hopefully it's good   i haven't tried this place's sushi before  mmmmm    volcano roll     
"qotd: before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes   \that way, when you criticize them, you're a mile way and you have their \shoes  ~anonymous"
i like it on a desk 
new beginnings you guys!! will post results on facebook in a few days  it's a pleasant surprise for my facebook friends!
new computer is so awesome!!!!!!
so that it you guys that was the big surprise! a new haircut!!! lol please leave comments on the new pics!
oh  it's you again  i see the assassins have failed once more 
my new wallet=fail    good thing i had important things on my person  never getting another $6 00 from walmart again   
new snuggie commercial with macarena beat = failure of epic proportions    what has the world come to?
thinks everyone is going to be just fine  there is a light at the end of the tunnel  hey!!! it's getting brighter! it's coming towards us    run!!!! it's a train!!!!
"chilling with mecca <propfemale>, micayla goodrum, <propfemale> <propfemale> francique, and <propmale>  we are playing rock band  and <propfemale> <propfemale> francique is cooking us dinner  life is great right now "
i'm hungry!!!!!
i loooooooooove cookies!!!!!
the answer is no  i do not 
the little mermaid    what an awkward movie after you've become an adult    
finds solace in good music    
staying with micayla goodrum this fall break  her room is the meaning of epicness!!! fun so far!
found a new favorite restaurant  had the hottest wings  according 2 the waiter they make grown men cry   
went shopping got some awesome shoes!!! also got a few tops and some jewelry  outlet  malls are awesome!
fail  i cut myself opening a tabbed soup can 
well i had fun at my friend <propfemale> <propfirst>'s house and the food was amazing  i have the most amazing friends    
watchin gremlins  almost done washin clothes   
getting another sushi fix!!!
anyone happen to know mrs  moyes number that can msg it to me? i really could use her help right now 
electricity out!
anyone wanna donate to the help a college student fund?!
my crazy friend is an exhibitionist 
lol at all the hypocrites  they know not what they do!
my throat has been hurting since early yesterday afternoon      sad 
finally made it to a doctor  throat still sore 
i have a upper respiratory infection  i guess it's like an advanced cold because it has the same symptoms  sn: they gave me a medical mask 
watching its the great pumpkin <propfirst> brown   
is feelin much better    yay!!!
 smile 
so um    this week was pretty interesting 
that's not a pocket! that's a hole!
i am such a klutz  so   i went to the cafe  when i went to put up my plates i tripped on the rug and fell face forward into the wall  fml
an unexamined life is not worth living -socrates
the food in the caf is actually edible  should i be scared? sn: somebody get mecca <propfemale> some hotsauce!
answers are easy  it's asking the right questions which is hard  -the fourth doctor (doctor who)
saw my cousin <propfirst> garner tonight!!! i'm so excited now! i love my family!!!
sigh    what a day    
"it is the 47th anniversary of doctor who              awesome!!!!!! and i'm also getting out of school for break, that's pretty epic too i guess     smile "
is back in the county   
mmmm   hot chocolate 
hey any friends in pamlico county want to come pick me up? i'm bored - -
mom: what would u <propfemale> for protection if u needed it?  isaiah: i already have weapons  my two muscles 
found creesha and leemarvin!! let the fun begin!
on my way back 2 greensboro  goodbye 2 all of my pamlico county friends for now  i will see you all again during christmas break!!!
is back on campus 
waitin 4 the cafe 2 reopen  im hungry   
first  exam today! wish me luck 
#11 i liked talking to you at work  you were very nice and became one of my good friends  you are one of the people i look up to  ps your baby is so cuuute!!!!
#78 i'm not angry  it's your honest opinion but if i do something that personally annoys you let me know and i'll see if i need to change it  other than that you are a cool friend and you make me laugh  we have had some great times together    
#31 hey cousin  at first we weren't that close but being over here made us closer than ever  i think i told you some things that i've only told my *best* friends so you should feel some kind of special  ps can i chill at your house to my 'rents pick me up?
2 5 a unique number for a unique person  lol  i really do think you're an older alternate reality version of me because your so cool  i am glad i opened my big mouth in pizza hut because you are probably one of the coolest older friends that i have  in fact you may have obliterated the competition 
all i want for christmas is a tardis equipped with my own sonic screwdriver!!!!
01010100 01100001 01101100 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101001 01100101 01101110 01100100 01110011 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01000010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 00111101 01010000 01110010 01101001 01100011 01100101 01101100 01100101 01110011 01110011 00100001 00100001 00100001
only the male species can fight over 1s and 0s     geesh!
throws virtual chair and looks around to see if fight breaks out   
"dear friends,\please stop sending me game requests  i will ignore them  not because i'm ignoring you but because i don't play the games and i could care less  thank you  <propfemale> christmas and good luck \sincerely, \tired of game requests"
watching 1000 ways to die   
"change of plans  due to the roads being so bad, i am not coming home today  i'll be back wednesday instead "
sushi!!!
really wants to go see tron: legacy  i shall make it happen!
"after much delay, i am finally going 2 the county  i will be there this afternoon "
im home!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
there's a shark in my bedroom?!
"watching \the game\"""""
the world doesn't need anymore false intellectuals  there are enough of those  -me
soul bossa <propfemale>  wink 
don't say one thing and act another  say what you mean and mean what you say 
i'm so sleepy    ugh      zzzz   but i have homework 
asking to name 20 people (first and last name) in your class on a quiz =fail  especially in a programming class 
is in atlanta!!!
fact: the biggest cause of death is birth 
why can't i like the fact that someone likes my status?!? darn you facebook!!!! you have piles of useless functions but not the one useless function that i want?!
back in town for spring break   and so it begins   
happy international women's day!!!
"i'm not yo daddy, i'm yo grandpa!!!!! -geico comercial"
is creeped out  i have 666 songs on my mp3 player now    
mmm   lasagna 
happy pi day!! 3-14
one cannot do the right thing unless he has has a more than clear understanding of what are the wrong things  -me
is dragging her lazy butt to the gym 
nothing consoles a person better than music  smile 
2 days until the big day  gosh i'm getting old     
vote for <propmale> p  blount iv for mr  a&t state university!!!
"i think the reason why so may people, write, text etc  is that it's so simple to hide behind words  a white background and black symbols  it's easy to create a different persona with words  you can be you or you can temporarily be someone else  writing is a powerful thing "
