6fd98ee2421002a74917cd6f708a2767
bama going to kick some ass
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best ( smile 
hangin wit <propfemale> addonis an luckett
"i got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes hate in my heart, love in my mind i seen nights full of pain, days of the same you keep the sunshine, save me the rain i search but never find, hurt but never cry i work and forever try, but i’m cursed, so never mind and it’s worse, but better times seem further and beyond"
good day thanks to her
wow    
who dat baby dat just beat some ass!!!!!!
didnt think i was that out of shape
why should you <propmale> after something you cant have  ?
my bro got a girl  smile  he mad for her lol happy for him cant wait to meet her
evian turns two today
???u? ?u??????p ? ?o??  p??o? ??? ?? ?oo? ? ?u???? s?                hahahah  read it upside  down  lol copy paste
"thinkin of you is the only way to get through,in my mind with every thought im here for you  to make you happy is my joy, to see you smile is my light  a <propmale> with you is a <propmale> for life  to have you in this faithfull world is the change of day give me this to make a <propmale> to be with an angel  by:tyler hicks: to you the one im after "
naps are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy evian is back home  smile 
think i might like her and it aint l t  havent got her off my mind
moving to florida when school ends this year
ready to go and get away
leaving tommorrow
nine hour drive  annoyed 
everything i want gets ruined by drama or by complete bullshit!!!!
oh well lol  smile 
feeling amazing  laugh 
what am i suppose to do  annoyed 
fuck it all
chilled
going back around through your thoughts and hearts  building to destroy the past when the past is your thoughts that make you want to destroy the past to find the good in the bad and the bad in the good  everthing has its opposite so why do you try to make it work when your my opposite ?
"so chocolates are your sweets, my sweet is you, can't e playful lain but you make everthing better from day to night, day by day, can i be your sweets today to  laugh  by: me"
great day  laugh 
bored
"copy this into your status and see what \peoplerate you: 1  crazy  2  id marry you  3  talkative  4  \sarcastic  5  loveable  6  loves god  7  moody  8  dumb 9  spoiled  \10  mouthy  11  random  12  hot  13  funny  14  fit  15  amazing  \16  tough  17  cute  18  bf gf type  19  player  20  the best friend"
lost
fine than  sad 
w sierraa love  i lovee you tylerr your my bestfriend smile 
fun today at the beach
w sierraaaa smile  haha i lovee you tylerr?
w girlfriendd ? i lovee youu <propfirst> dreww hickkss
<propfirst> dru hickss?is that better? i loveee youuu  love 
i miss you so muchh babee && i lovee youuu forever & always ? sierraaa ( girlfriend)
hey yall
hey yall miss her
i miss my babe she has an nice butt love u babe  laugh  lol
i miss my baby :
ugh
moving back to gautier i think lol
going to florida tomorrow
i love you babee & awww smile  that was sweeet ! love 
ugh  sad 
i loveeee youuu & misss youu love  i neeed to talk to youu its kindaa important ! smile 
i feel amazing  laugh 
"disapionted at life, crying, hating it , i have only one question thats why ?"
nervous  wats going on ?
"i've never been more disappointed in my life you tell me its not right but you do it anyways what the fuck, and i guess promises dont mean shit no more"
game day!!!!!!
i'm sorrry for everything smile  i misss youu lotts & love youu  love 3
ready to kick some ass  laugh 
today was good lol  playful 
fsu is coming back babyy 59-6
"ready for monday needs to hurry up, haven't been this excitied in awhile  laugh "
<propmale> marley is awesome  laugh 
amazing night  smile  im not giving up that easy  laugh 
 annoyed  this just   sucks
thanks yall  smile 
?
amazing night  laugh 
amazing night  laugh 
great time at fifth quarter  laugh 
what now ???
 sad 
fml mess everything good up
so my mom wakes me at 1 in the morning and i start getting ready for school lol
buried life marathon  laugh 
ok i get it  annoyed 
as the world flows i stand still everythings flowing but me im stuck in this phase this repetition of pain how does anybody escape this way a roller coaster without an end how do you stop this without crashing and burning in the end without going back without knowing where you have been where to go without a path without a road without a way to go where to go which way to flow stuck in this phase oh where do i go
by:me
still waiting lol  playful 
kanya west-run away  lol  playful  <propfemale> weiskomp how ever you spell it knows what im talking about
cruising the coast now
cant sleep  annoyed 
bummer dude
"through destruction is peace through the peace is destruction life has beauty as well as imperfection love to hate hate to death the crashing wave, the e playful loding light yet in this joy is death all around drowning to cancer but in these pains you find restful ways until the next day"
got a new phone text me 1-228-623-9612
save them all!!! big( o )( o ) small ( )( ) fake(+)(+) perfect(o)(o) perky( wink ( wink cold(^)(^) and even grandma's\\  \\   repost for breast cancer awareness!!!
bubble wrap  laugh 
bored somebody text me 12286239612
weezyyy free!!!!!!!
first day of work tomorrow  laugh 
confession time ???
"loves <propfemale> black with all my heart, and probably should log out of facebook on peoples phones wink "
movin to os end of febuary
