c5e6ce63a6e226623731695b8a777551
"a new year spent wit good people, tried new traditions, and learned alotta new things too  wink  lol"
hmm 3 months and counting     
im runnin dis town tonite
who thinks eris is a cute boy name???
why is it that guys cheat and e playful ect you to turn a blind eye? is it that they are never satisfied? the bad ones always ruin it for the good ones 
my new home is great  great things to see    good people to meet      playful  lol im slo
omg i feel so horrible!!! i think i have swine flu  ewww so i may not be going to skool tomorrow lol
hmmm skool was good kinda considerin my condition  i actually made friends wit dis guys sister        
what is up wit wakin up knowin u gon have a horrible day?? dat was yesterday i had a ok day today
no he not gonna tie me down
love is just a word  its the feelings behind it that cause fear 
all caked up wit my sexy man   again
all caked up wit my man     again but hit me up 573 353 2982
yay 22 more days till the birthday
18 more days till my extra special surprise  wink 
"suck my clip, swallow my bullets and dont u spit ewww- lol dats my song rite there"
damn how ya girl turn so black??
aye da birthday in 8 days toria tijerina in 9!!! sweet 16!!!! yeeeaaaa buddie!!!!!! lol
monkey see monkey do yall kno da nasty lil hoe yall gon help me beat too!!
omg!!! its so horrible!!! mookie has swine flu!! we was togetha like 4eva      what if i get it *gasp* lol lemme calm my lil happy ass down  i told him to come dis weekend befo im banned frm seein him lol
omg!!! its so horrible!!! mookie has swine flu!! we was togetha like 4eva      what if i get it *gasp* lol lemme calm my lil happy ass down  i told him to come dis weekend befo im banned frm seein him lol     txt im bored
so happy! mookie all better and commin dis weekend  hmm      
whos betta? a trina or b nicki minaj
movies tanite    gonna go wit all my nigga lol
"anotha day at church learned about love     \one who gives love is one who wants it in return \"" wheres mine?"""
dont u jus hate it when your bf jus says wat he want? u swear he be bipolar cuz one minute he all sweet or wateva den da next he actin brand new  hurts tho    real bad  he there likin someone else     dat dont feel good
omg idk wat do
i partied partied partied and i aint wasted lol
grades today omgeeeezy lol
"life has its ups and downs and right and lefts  through it all jus keep your head up and know that there is someone out there that has your back and even if yall have arguments and fights, through it all the love is still there  dont forget it"
<propfemale> christmas!!! if u jewish u kinda <propfirst> huh
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!! if u jewish kinda <propfirst> huh lol
gosh!!!!!      guys are jus soooooo slo i swear  especially the cute ones lol  and they so nosey!!! lol i still love em though      1 above all though
gosh!!!!!      guys are jus soooooo slo i swear  especially the cute ones lol  and they so nosey and complicated!!! lol i still love em though      1 above all
people jus be tryin me for no aparent reason!!!! when i go off dont say nuthin cuz u brought it upon your own self
<propmale> d <propfirst> said <propfirst> mcfadden and me can bite him lol              neva dat <propmale>
gosh life is so complicated  it was better back when i had a flat chest and didnt think eating a banana is nasty       lol jk u get to do better things now  wink       but life is still complicated
riddle:there are 6 eggs in a basket  6 people come and each take 1 egg  there is 1 egg left in the basket       why!?
"riddle remix: there's a black man standing in the middle of an intersection wearing a black mask, black boots, a black coat and a black hat  the surrounding buildings are black, all the street lights are broken, and theres no <propfemale> out  a black car is speeding toward the man and its headlights are broken  just as the car is about to hit the man it swerves avoids the man and continues driving             why?!"
gosh black people just know how to ruin it!!! lol i'm not naming any names <propfirst> mcfadden lol
african americans mixed with other stuff know just how to ruin it!!! i'm not naming names <propfirst> mcfadden lol
*sigh* life gave me lemons to make lemonade       but im all outta sugar
one of the guys in my honors chem class came in made fun of my teacher and said gnr         he's mexican lol
"he's nice, he know how to talk to me, he know what i want       but i cant be interested"
<propfirst> cline and me was talking last night and i swear she so freakin slo lol  half the things she say she barely remember  buuuuuut she helped me with a problem i was having anyway     
ever been in a situation where u know how u supposed to feel but the feeling just dont come? thats how i feel right now and i dont know what in hell im supposed to do         
        i'm not cut out for this kind of stuff anymore  1 thing at a time 
i really do hate being lied to  i also hate when stuff like this pops off  if you're honest in the beginning stay honest the whole time  it isn't too much to ask  and if i ask something i e playful ect and an honest and true answer  none of that beating around the bush sh*t 
when the relationship becomes more than two people more problems occur and then when u and the one you love are fighting the other people who kno can make it ten times worse and make the fight about something that it didnt start off to be 
when the relationship becomes more than two people more problems occur and then when u and the one you love are fighting  the other people who kno can make it ten times worse and make the fight about something that it didnt start off to be  and next thing u know u pissed like hell 
"its the times when u feel as if u don't have complete control of your life that your true friends come out  they may f*ck u over       or the console u and help u work through it  <propfirst> cline, nahiemah greenland- hoilett, <propfemale> frazier, <propfirst> goinduffiie redmond, and the new man arvinder thanks guys *wise moment* pick your friends, don't let them pick u "
its the times when u  feel like u dont have a say on your life that your true  friends come out they may f*ck u over   or they console u and help u through it  <propfirst> cline nahiemah greenland- hoilett <propfemale> frazier <propfirst> goinduffiie redmond <propfirst> mcfadden and arvinder thanks guys *wise moment* pick your friends  dont let them pick u 
omg i feel horrible and hell of confused lol  wth is this coming to uuugh life lol 
ugh i'm gonna be a nun when i grow up  lol be with a bunch of girls niggaz dont want     im gonna have to sneak out a lot lol
texting mr  a  he says hi to <propfirst> cline  lol  boooooooored
i like him 1 minute then the next he getting on my nerves!!! he sweet and nice 1 minute the switch it up the next  i love him sooo much then the next its the only thing that has me holding on  wtf is this a movie??? gosh      playing with my emotions and crap ugh
"plans playful arty!!!!!!! theme annoyed hort dress outfit:too damn cute lol  planning to go with sheneka <propfirst>, and <propmale> <propfirst>  lol  i must prepare!!!"
daaaaaaaamn dat party was too good lol  they had a bad b**** twerkin on them and they didnt know how to handle it  getting drunk off me and crap lol  omg im tired
"time for round 2  party again at <propmale> tut's lounge  not so much dancing tonight my legs still sore  sad  sooooooo gonna go start getting dressed  mood:twerking, dress:too sexy"
oh my gosh  my freakin back is still killing me  it hurts right along with my legs  lol who knew dancing like that for 2 hours straight does that?? anyway tiiired gonna go hit up the best <propmale>  love 33
oh my  gosh  my freakin back is still killing me  it hurts right along  with my legs  lol who knew dancing like that for 2 hours straight  does that?? i had some very lovely words with people i consider quite  important to me last night
hooome!!! why annoyed ick with what:i dont even know  i know i dont feel ok soooo im just going to stay home  still there are people to talk to  smile  mood:ew
oh my gosh  idk what im supposed to do  im not going to blow it out of proportion though  im just going to let them think im dumb  something im not  couldnt be told i guess but its all good  i see where i stand now        
oh my gosh  i say one thing but it gets interpreted a different way sorry ok? i'll put the whole story on here so everyone will know what im talking about  mood:very confused
"the love u get can always change  but the love u give will forever be the same  i think theres some cliche: love hard, fall harder(i think i just made it up lol)  it may be true it may not  just depends on the circumstances i guess        "
why were love songs invented? to make people going through heartache to feel even worst  thats why i just laugh when they come on(hahaha)  hey dont get me wrong they're ok or whatever but i prefer fast songs  much better to dance to and always pick up your mood  (yea i realize i talk in metaphors lol)
uuuugh basketball players!!!! so sexy yet know exactly how to play with people emotions  lol i hear being a bitch and rude works  hmmm might try that out lol       anyway feeling higher than cloud 9 right about now even if its raining lol  cant get any better than this!!!
wow what a weekend  rip the runway tonight  aaaaaannnd gotta hit up my man  he too sexy with his high yellow ass lol  it seem like we been together for freakin ever buuut nah its only been[everyone knows how long it takes for me to claim  someone)  maybe hes what i been waiting for     we'll see its only been so long
he makes me feel special everytime i talk to him  i wonder how i managed to get this far without him  i cant say i love him cuz hey i think its too early to be telling him all that and im not even sure if thats what it is  but i do know i care about him      
"it seems like we been together forever but it hasnt  oddly we have no problems and we're always on the same <propfemale>  it feels great to be in a good relationship that doesnt feel one sided, or like a waste of time, or w e  maybe it'll work out and i wont be blindsided by no bullsh*t "
lol i find it <propfemale> funny how girls wanna act so hard and crap and then next thing u know they being all scared  like forreal? im not that scary     am i? i was strong people like those girls just make me stronger  *imb* blah blah blah ice cream is so good  i see why god made it  its like a freaking addiction lol
its weird after how after all this time i can still feel the same way  distance doesnt do anything but mask the feelings cuz evidently when ever that distance is crossed everything comes rushing back *imb* pool pool pool lol  but its so dang hot outside uuuugh  time for a haircut maybe 
uuuugh  everything was fine as a new swimsuit to go to sobe(south beach for the dummies lol) until someone just had to ruin it  fml i got the biggest freakin headache ever  good thing spring break start tomorrow  *plans* daytona then sobe yaaaay  hopefully its good and people dont try to jump stupid  its spring break for crying out loud 
u know what i hate? when people cant mix friends  they talking to one and completely forgets about the other  then when the other leaves they wanna be all <propmale> <propmale> again  uuuggghhh  just came from the pool with sheneka <propfirst> and company  i had fun      i guess
*siiiggghhh* what he does is so weird  he just gotta say one thing to make me feel them butterflies  its been a long time and is till feel the same i felt the first time we got together  i know im jinxing it by waiting for it to fall apart but      i think this really is different this time and maybe   just maybe i wont get hurt this time  i know he feels the same about me too which just makes it even better!!!
"lol just went swimming at 10 at night  who does that     oh wait i do lol  it was fun stuff though  course i didnt get my hair wet so i dont have to wash it!!! everybody and the momma momma was outside kicking it  sooome people just couldnt be there but oooh well  good day, even better night as usual    i need a night <propmale> "
this weekend did not go as planned at all  i was supposed to go see someone and then stupid crap just gotta happen  im going to ga in june so it doesnt even matter  i hope people dont be too mad at me cuz of things i cant control     
ahhhh!!! giving blood to those poor people who cant get any 
i hate when people mad at me  i cant help some of the stuff that happen  i do however wish that people talk to me and dont stay mad  anyway gave blood today and my arm still hurts  it was all worth it  one of the best most meaningful e playful eriences of my life 
b positive!!! thats miss niecy friends!! lol positive its hiv negative hoes  lol im a trip  but yea i got that good blood right there  everybody want a piece of that lol
its official  going this weekend   smile  cant wait  long ass drive though  time to hit up that library  update: took me 3 days to read 700 pages  so proud  i have been violating dress code for the past 5 days lol  just realized; wanna hit up a party but im leaving  sad       then again i dont want my thighs to be all hella sore again  gosh fml 
:''(
this is a new kind of depression       
"the word b a r b i e s means broke  ass  ridiculous  bitch   imitating  everyones  swagg \so go on , be a <propfemale> now  smile      only sad people wanna be one         is that u?"
"u know whats funny? when stupid girls wanna act all fake and start complaining about the same stuff they be doing to other people  and they claim things and emotions that dont even seem practical  but hey its their life     made for my entertainment  all i gotta do is sit back, watch theyre fake asses and laugh  <propfemale> is a b*tch "
me and sheneka and an ahmazing day lol  from being dumb as hell at 7 a m  to her being lazy at 6  made the best virgin margaritas and chilled like ice cream (yummy lol)  tomorrow=even better        hopefully lol  quote of the day: temptation is a b*tch  (insider)
lol had the best night ever!!! well the whole day was great actually         even the last part lol  chilled with sheneka <propfirst> <propfirst> rivera  and sabastion fat ass lol  supposed to be going swimming again tonight  hope fully better than last       
now u know they mad cuz the lakers gonna lose lmao  whooo  channing frye  stupid kobe  who wanna fight about it?!
the celtics got this!!! magics can take they 1 and shove it down their throat  and1!! so in other words the magics gonna lose lol
at a carribean festival  damn these people know how to have a good time  im about to follow suit!!
celtics got this!! no worries
had a great day yesterday  made me tired as hell but still fun  game tonight  everyone knows whos going to win *whisper* celtics duh lol
im psychic and i see       the celtics with this win hahahahaha dumb lakers 
wth is going on with the celtics tonight?! like damn get it together!
im gonna kill devonte gaskin where the hell a my skittles boy!! they better be the crazy cores one  thats my favorite  ooooor there will be consequences (insert evil laugh here] <lol i crack myself up when i put that *sigh*
"k people call me dumb cuz i say dumb things as we all know lol  ssoooo i made up this new phrase  \once u go black u never go back        but when u start black u go everywhere \"" lol but anyway to more important things  i finished my new book today and got all kinda crap for it  im not gonna say im not cuz truth be told i am  but fyi i dont need u to tell me what i am      i already know  thanks  smile   love """
ahhh  last week? quite crazy missing people like crazy lol  this week? gonna be better  gonna get my new game and getting ready to go back to <propmale>         maybe  hmu!!  love  quote of the week: u call it being a freak           i call it being my self  smile 
at the stl zoo with the familia uno  im missing familia dos like crazy  going to see how everything turns out       
just went on evil knevil at 6 flags in the <propfirst>  fun as hell!!!
going skinny dipping =p fun stuff lol 
my poor eye is swollen shut  just my luck  sad 
lol its hilarious watching a <propfemale> pee on your best friend  lmfao
went to como and i swear i see the same people all over   but for some i don't mind  wink   going to the fair tonight with best friends <propfirst> and nahiemah hopefully
<propmale> epps is one of the sexiest black men alive  i just cant get over it lol
mind hunters is one of the best movies ever created  i swear it had me guessing wrong and ish but still on the edge of my other seat  ahhh finally a good movie
bgc season 5 is the best yet!! ahhh greatness
"a good day to be sexy & black is one of the craziest inspirational movies i have ever seen  lol when you see it (or if you've seen it), you will come telling me some ish like wtf is wrong with you and i will tell you straight up            i'm f-ed up lol"
omg had the scariest dream of my life!!!
stupid shots  uuuuuuugh my arm!!!!
my work is a handful  annoyed   jeez
on my way to the <propfirst>!! ahhh so excited!! <propfirst> next you bettah listen when i seh someting! *sigh* lml
i love this <propfemale> city  its so beautiful  fake beach and all lol  im moving here for sure  who comming!!
dress code is too flipping ridiculous and these teachers so damn stupid  old hags
"ahhhhh great weekend  <propfirst> cline and i were wild n out!!!(you better come over this weekend) game, six flags, homecoming  sheesh it was well deserved and worth it  encore encore!!!"
<propfemale> skate party is the shit right about now  commin back next year just fah dis!!  busy weekend  annoyed 
swings are good for hard weeks
just got done bowling!!! lol (insider)
its times like these when you know who your real friends are  them fake ones that pretend aint worth a thing when you really need somebody
lesbianism is the way to go!!!!
"lol when hoes be trying to get all close after they done did you wrong the best thing to do is sit back and l a u g h  cuz when it comes right down to it, they were never your friend to begin with        they was just using you  well heres what i got to say  im r i c h bitch  -he makes me happy-"
i hate when people be making decisions for me  if i don't want something i will tell you if i do it's the same thang  people just do things not even taking into consideration what i want  i hate that stuff  i understand if it's a bad idea but don't you think it's my decision to make?
i love bowling!!!!
following in ruphinas footprints  *sigh*
i feel like complete crap  i just wanna lay in my bed and never ever have to move  i hate missing people  crying 
omg this ice aint no joke lmfao  <propfirst> i freakin love you!!!
cavities aint no joke!
way beyond tender-headed at this point  aint no way im going au natural 
