2167306b3b521a7fff5344aef20b34e5
i am still working at camp and it is amazing 
i don't want camp to be over   
i miss all my friends i made this summer already  sad  i hope i get to see them again   
a day can be so wonderful   
 smile 
"therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship god acceptably with reverence and awe --hebrews 12:28"
i do not have anything on my mind at this moment 
"my grandma gave me my first new laptop today, and i am so happy about it  laugh "
why is there a faded pink spot on my computer monitor? does anyone know?
"missionaries are needed on the island of saipan (near guam) and palau  if you think god is calling you, please contact the missions office at walla walla university  or let me know if you need help, so i can get you in touch with someone in charge  smile "
"\be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be men of courage; be strong \"" --1 corinthians 16:13"""
   discovering new things about myself 
a whirlwind of many deep thoughts are sustaining my mind-- i think i need to grab a pen and paper and write it all down   
i wonder what god has planned for me sometimes    i can't see the whole way though yet  what could his plan possibly look like? but i think i just need to try harder to trust that life is unfolding as it should-- trust that god is there to <propfemale> me through the difficult times-- and trust that their is a bigger picture 
is filling out tons of paper work-- i want to finish it all so fast and get it over with  laugh 
"i wish i didn't have this curse of being so highly allergic to the grass pollen during the summer season  everywhere i turn to look i see grass-- i can't seem stop sneezing, itching my eyes, and constantly needing tissue  *sigh* i just want to be completely cured-- no more allergies  no more   "
"come stay in our beautiful house!\\come live with us in this coming academic year (starting this fall season)! it is a beautiful house located in walla walla, wa  we are looking for someone who fits the following annoyed \-- must be female\\-- should be pretty clean and neat\\-- no partier people\\-- must be non - smoking\\-- must be responsible and pay rent on time\\please contact me for more info "
"come live with us in this coming academic year (starting this fall season)! it is a beautiful house located in walla walla, wa and only $220 per month with three room mates (female only)  we could use one more girl! please contact me for more info  smile "
wondering what's next   
"we could have another room mate at our house in college place, wa  laugh  contact me if interested!"
thinking a lot    hmm   
la la la la la    
looking foward to many things   
shot photos of <propfemale> the other day-- it was fun  smile 
so many surprises   
has a new guitar today-- yay!
done with mivoden  finally moved into walla walla  and i'm so tired from cleaning   
will be working in the media department-- and i'll be the photographer all year too  smile 
going to classes tomorrow-- scary 
everything is just so interesting   
i could'nt have gotten through life without all of god's help   
"dhofuqpffmlggnl'\hghgshn;ll"""
woah 
is going to make some changes-- good ones  smile 
"if you are a walla walla community college student, or if you know of one, you may be able to model for a special project i am working on (an ad that will be displayed)  contact me if you are interested, and you can get your portraits done by me for free!"
oh no    i have another head ache coming on  what is going wrong with me?  sad  i think i need to drink more water 
i need another job  anyone know of one i could have?
i want to go sledding  smile 
"i am leaving everything in your hands, god    completely in your hands  i am not the one who has power and control or who knows what is best; i am weak and need you "
wow! thanks everyone for all the happy birthday wishes! that makes me so happy! it was so amazing   !!!
so productive   
is going to learn how to cook 
making changes   
"my roommate is deciding to move into a new place (because she found a less e playful ensive place)  so now i really need a new roommate because i can't afford full rent  would anyone be interested in moving in with me? or having me move in with them? i really need room mate right now, or i am going to be in trouble  sad "
is such a happy girl   
   and it all comes together beautifully   
agh    some people are so creepy >: l
"i felt a hard rock like object as i laid my head down against my fluffy pillow  i then sat up, shook the pillow, and out of the pillow case came my long lost silent cell phone "
   so blessed 
i will need many models for up coming photography projects-- send me a message if you want to be one!
time goes by fast    it makes me wonder   
i dislike technology    i will not ever take an online class again > : (
it's a good day 
"needs to remember what she says, so she does not repeat herself to the same person anymore   "
   an awkward situation 
"a beautiful two bedroom one bathroom house across the street from wwu is available for rent right now! only $225 plus utilities per month  thats a really good deal! if interested, please contact me!"
"i don't understand why some people call me \little girl\""    ridiculous   """
"i have general psychology, developmental psychology, biology, public speaking, and more book subjects for sale! and they are cheap because i like you  smile "
"$190 per month available rent in college place, wa!-- i have a beautiful upstairs house available to rent starting this september for the rest of the academic year! the house is furnished, has your own room, a back yard, and located just across the street from walla walla university! rent is only $190 a month (utilities are already paid for!) let me know if you or someone you know is interested!"
i finally received my very first <propfemale> sting    right on the bottom of my foot  smile 
i need a job 
dreamer 
