6836bf8f2f85e01bd0201bfca8881dfe
thank u for all the birthday wishes! i love and miss all of you!
"how did we meet? everyone play this game! copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends!! before you do that,answer for me"
copy this into your status and see what people rate you as  1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best  don't forget to rate me
"i am furious with the immaturity and dishonesty that is simply complicating my life  at some point we all most grow up and begin putting into our life what we would like to receive from it  i hate to shatter anyone's fantasy, but the good stuff doesn't happen on it's own  so quit stalling and grow up already!!!!!!"
my mind is like a bad neighborhood    i really shouldn't go there alone!
so if you go on a blind date and then talk to your mother about it and she calls you a cougar    
"there is a dime a dozen, then there is one in a million, but to me, he's once in a lifetime  wink "
i now know i'm getting old  i was watching some porn lastnight an thought to myself wow that's a nice bed
"is being prepped for surgery  i’m having the magnet removed from my forehead   ya know, the one that attracts the crazy, needy, obsessive & emotionally crippled"
"me love him, though him dirt, me not know him was a flirt, oh gosh oh gee, me love he, but he loves she and shes not me  darn him, hate him, wish him die, all him does is make me cry, but love is love, it always was, ill get him back, i always does "
"does anyone have or know of an american or english bulldog i can borrow on may 4th to be filmed in a commercial?? you or the owner are more than welcome to attend the filming, which will be in shelbyville, ky  help me make someone's pooch famous!!! contact me via fb or bonedry@bellsouth net or 866-526-6337 for more infomration"
"as i sit here contemplating my past, all the time i've lost, and the broken heart along the way, i realize i would never have had the <propmale> to meet the man i have now come to <propfemale>  without him i would be lost and i thank god for him because he has truly saved me from myself "
"want to personally thank scdc for the fabulous accommodations  as always, it was a pleasure! and <propfirst>    you can cancel any future reservations! lol"
"it's gonna take a long time to love, it's gonna take a lot to hold on, it's gonna be a long way to happy, left in the pieces that you broke me into, torn apart but now i've got to keep on rolling like a stone, cause it's gonna be a long long way to happy ~ pink"
waiting to pee in a cup      love my iphone
happiness is the by-product of unselfish living 
it's sober nite at <propfemale>'s! going to play wii  yippy!
i love my daughter! even at 6 she notices things like panty lines and feels the need to tell me about them in public  lmao
i have the most wonderfully complicated man ever created 
"sometimes you may see me smiling to myself, don't be alarmed, it just means my mind may have strayed to the gutter again "
why give up everything for one thing when you can give up one thing and have everything?
"with every <propfemale> that's turned the story of my life provides me with moments that i will <propfemale> always  although my life in no way, shape or form resembles a <propfemale> tale, i wouldn't trade who i am, where i'm at, or anything that i have for a lifetime in <propfemale>'s shoes "
people have a habit of inventing fictions they will believe wholeheartedly in order to ignore the truth they cannot accept 
says it's never to late to be who you were meant to be!
have you even sat and thought about all the moments that make up your past? the good and the bad? how did i get to where i am and why did i chose the road i took? in my life now each new day brings me more happiness than the day before 
"so as i lay here about to close my eyes only to awake at sunrise i know that the moment i wake i will have even more joy and peace than i do right now  to the children i <propfemale>, the man i adore and the family that never gave up, words could never convey how truly grateful i am to have you in my life  i love you! goodnight"
has found something she wasn't looking for and definitely didn't e playful ect!
"want to put a sign up in my office that says \this is not burger <propmale>  you do not get to have it your way!\"""""
"god, i want to thank you for creating bed bugs! without them my life wouldn't be what it is today    "
me+the worldest most incredible man+vacation=total bliss! thursday cannot get here soon enough   
we are officially on flippin vacation! y'all behave while we're gone  lord knows i won't   
it is not the scars that you can see on a woman that makes her who she is  it is the pain she keeps inside that defines the greatness she will achieve 
"good morning fb! today you have been granted 86,400 seconds  use them wisley because you will never get them back!"
question    if your man moves his big screen in does that mean he's moved in? clarify please fb 
has found someone worth the hard work    someone worth taking a <propmale> on     someone worth giving my heart to    
"thinks that if we fill our lives with regrets of yesterday and the concerns for tomorrow, we will miss out on the wonders that the present has to offer!"
"ladies, for those of you that have been cheated on, did you ever consider that maybe you were getting exactly what you deserved? having pure intentions makes all the difference in the world!"
"i'm sorry he cheated on you     there was obviously something missing or you just weren't the one  with me there's nothing missing and <propfemale>, i am the one "
when 2 people love each other they do not use their pasts to manipulate and belittle each other  they should be grateful for their pasts because that is what made them what they are today 
my past does not define who i am  it only adds to who i'm going to become 
tired of being an afterthought    
"well, it's official     his name is on the lease and he's movin in  words can't describe how amazing my life is today and how grateful i am that he's apart of it!"
why is it easier to say that you are angry than to just admit that you are hurt?
"god brings men into deep waters not to drown them, but to cleanse them  if it feels like you're drowning it might be god reworking your future "
would appreciate if all the little girls would be so kind and remove yourselves from my sandbox before i remove you by the roots of your hair!
is realizing that life is like swimming  all i can do is keep my head up and pray to god i don't drown 
"says i love him because he has shown me that where hope grows, miracles <propfemale>!"
you have got to be kidding me!!!
"hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that god gives us to control our fears, not to oust them "
says being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
"when life veers from the course you had planned out, re-evaluate your priorities and maybe you'll find that what you have is better than what you had planned "
"4 kids, 5 adults and 1 flashlight     time for ghosts in the graveyard! love having a yard big enough for us to play!"
it's god's job to judge terrorists  it's our job to make sure the meeting takes place   smile 
"how do you know which battles to fight and which battles to surrender in? i can play this out in my head and don't see it ending well for me  so do i, concede, pray for the best, and plan for the worst or fight?"
i like it on the banister!
in the closet
i like it on the stairs
deleting men off my friends list costs me some time but leaving them on so they know that compared to my man they don't stand a <propmale>    priceless!
"dear lord, please put your arm around my shoulders and your hand over my mouth "
you can't believe everything you think   
i'm awake and wondering what today feels like throwing at me  how do you tell the universe when you've had enough?
why is it that the one that makes you cry is the only one that can make you feel better?
just an fyi     skinny jeans are a privilege not a right!
all 3 lanes r open on 64! yippy
it shouldn't be this hard    
"i didn't understand a year ago that when i changed everything, everything would change  i am so grateful for what i have today, especially for what i do not have   smile "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! what an amazing day this has been    found my wedding dress today! i cannot wait to call this man my husband!
"at maliah's very first rehearsal for her very first musical, hansel & gretel at <propfirst> county community theatre  this brings back some wonderful memories  i am so excited for her!"
