704558279d1766ec22a4e4b774994c86
"ninjas cannot be tripped   believe me, i tried   "
"too much medicine can cause memory loss, or even worse!  uhhh    memory loss?"
albino porch monkey took over my brain   
"i am switching from regular cigarette and rollies to the electronic-cigarette, cutting out 100's of deadly toxins, tar, and second-hand smoke   one small step for man, one giant step for turtle-kind "
"next month, finally, i am getting a xbox 360 elite console system   woop woop!!!  who's house?  <propfirst>'s house "
"i am unsure if i will get the xbox 360 elite or the nintendo wii     both are fun, xbox for the graphics and online play, or the nintendo wii which i have tried and is actually quite enjoyable   xbox 360 costs more but has more games   nintendo wii is cheaper, and can also play nintendo game cube games   what should i do, and why?"
"i am getting a xbox 360 for sure this time in april   my brother let me call of duty modern warfare 2, resident evil 5, and lost odyssey   of course i have my eyes set on final fantasy xiii    woop woop"
"found out there is a final fantasy limited edition, 250 giga-byte, xbox 360 elite for $399 00 out there and my fiance is gonna' help me get it next month   woop woop"
"have you ever stop to think & forget how to start again?  this trippy moment thought brought to you by your friendly neighbourhood \turtle \"""""
i just got the xbox 360 final fantasy xiii elite special edition console last night   woop woop   who's house?  <propfirst>'s house 
it's official   its been a week since i have had my xbox 360 final fantasy xiii limited edition elite console system with 250 giga-bytes    i'm an xbox junkie 
"forgot if i made this comment already due to me being up for days    but, my xbox 360 user-name is psionic turtle for those who have a gold membership with this console  add me!"
"looks like anchorage, alaska has entirely skipped summer and fall   woop woop"
"i just reserved, the other day, halo: reach legendary limited edition package   it comes out september 1st   the halo: reach beta-editon was pretty good   it got my votes, besides the bugs they have to work out, which they will when it is released "
found out <propfemale>'s aunt & uncle might throw us a suprise wedding   i am still kicking asteriks on xbox 360   i just reserved halo: reach legendary edition package   it also includes a <propmale> mcfarlene statue plus other hoo-hah stuff   this morning i get to see if i am a prime canidate for medicinal marijuana   i hope the green gods bless me in this oppurtunity 
"heeeeeeeeeeey!!!!  ever notice the maximum characters you're able to use in making a comment is 420?  pretty trippy, eh?"
