3c94828168df38483888263061fc4f9e
so    this dude tonight at the bar told me i was fat and of course i flipped him the bird for being a douchebag    but still it kinda stings    that's b s  what guy in his right mind would poke fun at a girl's weight??? im sad    not to be fishing for com
"<propfemale> alert! 3 yr old girl taken by a man driving a new silver truck  plate 72b381 from stockton, ca  please change your status for even just one hour please"
is distraught   
"so starting after christmas, i am going to be going to school to become a physical therapist's <propfemale>    and then, on to becoming a full-fledged physical therapist!!! i'm so excited!!"
"urgent facebook update: as of today, facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets  to turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals  click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of facebook from eating your beloved children and pets  copy this to your status to warn your friends"
had her wisdom teeth out today and is not a happy camper     ow 
pink gingham
omg    my mouth is killing me!!! someone come put me out of my misery     sad 
thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes! best present of all    to know you're loved  smile 
"yesterday, over 23,000  teachers were given pink slips in california  another 17,000 in  illinois  in honor of all teachers, copy this into your facebook status   we are willing to post colors of our underwear and places we were born   let's honor those who have made an impact in all of our lives! in the  comments name a teacher       who has impacted you!"
i just got a sweet new phone! the droid from verizon is sweet!
so    for those of u that don't know  my ireland choir tour has been officially cancelled  i'm bummed but i made some friends and had an adventure!
we even watched the safety video!!!!!!
bleh     por que?!?!
jet lag is a tough gig    but it's worth it  i finally made it to the <propfemale> isle  i'm so tired that it feels like i'm still on the plane goin up and down and up and down    but i'm here!!!!! and my hotel rocks  you close the curtains by touch screen   and a tv in the bathroom     hehe
i feel like i'm dying     my chest rattles everytime i take a breath    send me good thoughts so i can get over this stupid whooping cough   
wants a juicer   
"i audition for canzona today, an elite women's singing group, at 3pm in shell beach  everyone, send good thoughts my way!"
i'm in!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rocked the audition! i'm in canzona!!!! yay!!! whooo! <happy dance>
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies, they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  re-post if u have   at least, one true friend    "
please read my note fellow californians  smile 
guess who just got a job as a massage therapist at kennedy club fitness! go on guess     that's right! me! haha!
djamison beaverhausen is the best!!!  love  he's so amazing!!!
"\two meats do not make a fruit \"" \""or does it??\"" haha"""
who's up for 108 sun salutations by yogawave at the morro bay vet's hall at 1 smile 0 on new year's day??? start your new year with a challenge  smile 
just devoured the first delicious glass of fresh juice from her <propfirst> lalane power juicer! so yummy! carrots + oranges + a lemon + an apple= awesomeness in my tummy 
"keep drinking water the body distinguishes pure water differently from liquid food  remember, all food is liquid by the time it reaches the digestive system  water has its own important uses \\little health tip for everyone today  smile  loves!  love "
