45b5d49054a18d6c25348e134e4f637a
we prayed and drank the old year out and the new year in  woohoo!!!
it's been snowing all day but i don't think it will stick  it will probably all melt in the morning  see all of you guys at school tomorrow!
first day at the it acxiom careers camp has been okay  i got to stay here until saturday so i'm hoping that it will get better 
"our frickin computer broke down! we got it fixed though  the it acxiom careers camp was a blast! we had to walk everywhere in 94+ temperature, though  the food made up for it  free breakfest, lunch, and dinner at a university  that and in the past couple "
i got to get myself in shape before going back to school  it is now officially 1 month till the beginnng of school  i'm going to start this 10 minute work out everyday  wish me luck!
damn it! i failed my drivers permit test! now i have only one more wednsday until school starts  i've got to pass it this next time 
i've passed my driver's permit test! now i have to start driving my parents to church    sigh  my book hasn't gotten anywhere  plus all i think i've been doing lately is excercise and sleep  oh and read 
"i'm not liking speech so much  one day into the school year and we already have to write an essay  i can't wait until christmas break when i get out of their  other than speech, i don't have any complaints except my hand will probably fall off from writing so many notes "
i've been feeling kinda down this week but i don't know why  it's like i have a bunch of weights on my shoulders  i feel like i can't function   all i want to do is sleep and eat  video games don't have the same thrill as they once had  this must be the weight of responsibility and the 10th grade    lol psych!!!
i feel lonely  nobody is on    sigh
i'm basically making new links for these videos i found
i guess i'm gonna go take a shower now
i didn't think i was ever gonna get finished with that speech  now i'm just sitting here listening to the black eyed peas - i gotta feeling and boom boom pow 
i'm feelin' pretty good about 9 weeks test  i think i'll ace my algebra 2 test tomorrow
is at the family bonfire eating hotdogs and smores
happy thanksgiving everybody!
finally we got the computer to work  i hooked it up and got it goin and mom got the internet to work  windows 7 is freakin awsome!! i'm super excited that it's christmas break; i swear i've never felt like i had sleep for 12 hours at one time but i did on friday  that's whats been happening with me  the new friday the 13th is being shown right now and i have to admit that i'm not getting scared 
"i just beat crisis core: final fantasy vii and the ending is freaking awsome!! i almost started to cry because it was also a little sad  my car is starting to turn into junk  my mom hooked her car charger for her phone into it and three things happened: the led lights that come on at night flickered on and off, the radio can barely switch stations, and the door locking mechanism won't work anymore     crying "
"this life is nothing but a trial, full of it's pleasures and let-downs  however, what we receive when we let that last breath go is more satisfying than anything this world can give us  so buckle up, <propmale>, because it's going to be one bumpy ride"
<propfemale> christmas to everyone!
it's freakin cold in this house! i think it's like 30-40 degrees in in the computer room  i can't believe i'm saying this but i'm actually missing school  it's kinda boring at the house i'm actually considering going back to bed with my new pillow    yeah i'll do that  see ya later
"when you close your doors, and make darkness within, remember never to say that you are alone, for you are not alone; nay, god is within, and your genius is within  and what need have they of light to see what you are doing?"
happy new year!!!!
"yes! no school! it kinda sucks because i wanted to see <propfemale> but oh well, i'll see her tomorrow "
this house is way too dang cold  i wearin a new american eagle hoodie and an eskimo looking jacket  i think the temperature is around 20-30 in this house
"but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance: against such there is no law   galatians 5:22-23"
holy crap i finally got the new printer setup  it took forever and i thought i was going to die before i got it plugged up  anyway now i'm looking for new phones  our phones are not charging so i'm looking for some new ones  and we have no water to answer natures call or take a shower  it's been a very crappy day so far
"the dang water is still not fixed! i bet i've emptied 4 gallons of water into the freakin toliets already  sad  now i'm working on biology, english, and algebra ii  sigh   "
nobody better think i'm insane when they read my new note! now i'm working on algebra ii
i failed my driver's test today  i'm pretty mad but i guess there is a plusside to it: our water came back on today 
just got the new gameinformer  top cover story: halo: reach!!!
it seems everyone went somewhere this weekend    sigh  i'm bored and nobody invites me anywhere  i guess i'll just sit here and do random quizzes 
"i feel like i'm going to pass my driver's test on wednsday  dad and me went through all of perryville, done the driving course at least 3 times frontwards and at least 2 times backwards, and we went through all of <propfirst>  after all that, dad said i quote \ drive like a freaking old timer and i need to speed it up\"""""
love is like a fire: it burns extremely hot and it can change it's heat in a instant  you never know when it will flare up or burn down to cinders  all you can do is keep adding kindling and hope the flame will stay burning forever 
"today has been a great day for me: i passed my driver's test, i didn't have any homework, and i found a way to get on facebook, myspace, youtube, etc  at school"
note to self: leg cramps can cause strange behavior and extreme cussing
"following god increases your <propfemale>, kindness, and wisdom disobeying him only increases your sin    which one would you rather have?"
"bayonetta is one of the best dang games around  the actions scenes are top notched, the storytelling is off the chain, and the boss fights are out of this world!!! i just beat it and i still can't get my jaw off the floor!!! i would recommend this game to anyone who loves hardcore action games and pretty women (wink wink)!!!"
"but the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance: against such there is no law   galatians 5:22-23"
i went to the most e playful ensive place in arkansas yesterday: the capitol hotel at little rock  i've never seen so much marble in one place!! i don't want to go to school tomorrow but the snow will probably be melted by then 
this homework is making me madder than an albino hitchhiking in a snowstorm!
<propfirst> <propfirst> thoreau: the only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness  only the words of a loving man can be heard
"my house seems to get weirder everyday  the other day, i was doing my homework and i look to talk to dad and i see mom drinking a gallon of straight pickle juice! then just moments ago, mom had one of her spells where she doesn't talk right and she can't understand what other people are saying  i can't get any of my words to penetrate her thick skull  but on a happy note i beat killzone 2"
"i didn't know their was no school today until 9 o' clock this morning! now i'm hearing that we won't have school tommorrow either! woohoo! this would be a good time to get some stuff done with my book \star fire\"" """
i just now learned that we're not going to school tommorrow either! that's three days in a row! we're all going to end up paying for this when we get near the end of school
"i was watching a movie called <propfemale> grandin, after the famous autistic woman, when i had an apihimy: what we do in this world will always have an effect on generations to come  make your life, when other people look back upon it after your gone, to where they know that you made a difference "
i offically have my intermediate driver's licence!
mohandas k  gandhi:  an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind 
rare happening occured  me and dad almost got into a fight over me and mom accidently falling asleep in church  the farthest we got was a heated discussion and i think it was a draw  he's afraid it will hurt his public image and i told him he shouldn't care about that  he needs to support mom because she's going through a rough time  never mind all this    we'll work it out
mohandas k  gandhi: an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind 
may be getting a new phone tomorrow due to a loophole! apparently it's less e playful ensive to get a phone and a free one with it than paying money for going over your text message limit  woo hoo!
"activating my new phone hasn't gone as planned  apparantly, you need the last four digits of your social security #, but i don't know either mine or dad's so i'm screwed lol! i guess i'm gonna have to wait until he gets home so he can do it    dang it "
had the weirdest dang bus ride of my life just now  i was sitting with this girl and this kid asked if he could sit with us  i said sure and he jumped over me and landed in the girl's lap and she didn't mind  his legs were hanging out in the asile and he kept on trying slap and kick me  the bad thing was his legs were pressing down on my algebra ii book and it was putting on pressure on my      you know 
i finally got my phone activated! dad pulled a trick on me though  i thought i was going to get the black one but i found out that his phone # was on it so we swicthed  i now have a blazing red samsung intensity  ( it looks kinda pink to me)      -sigh-
man i'm happy that it is the weekend  i'm just chillin so don't bother me okay?
"is finishin up mrs  hamling's essay  i think it's gonna take up 2 1 2 pages! other than that, i'm pretty bored  just sittin here typing and listening to boys like girls and all my other 168 songs "
dang  i'm ready for the weekend 
i just now woke up  i really needed that apparently  just sitting here listening to music
crap! i got to do faith homework    -sigh-
"your loss is my gain, in a world with no rules, i find this easy to say:, i'm all the craze!"
wow  i still can't get over winterjam last night  that was the most spiritually awsome event i've ever been at  i'm happy that i went and could enjoy some awsome singing about the lord!
"woo i'm tired  i'm about to go all the way to <propfemale> to the a to z store  doesn't sound very exciting but, what the heck? i got nothing better to do"
spring break has gone by too fast if u ask me  oh well 
"i saw ninja assassain on pay-per-view after i got home  the fight scenes were amazing but they could have used a lot less blood  the story, in my opinion,  was crappy  the fights made up for that though"
funny but sad  got home from easter at my grandmas to hear a funny noise  i investigated and found a little rip in mom's aerobed  i ended up patching it with ducktape but it's not working so well  lol
someday i'm gonna get all these drawings online when i find the time
my mom going through some hard times right now  she's babbling and seeing hallucinations  we've had to take her over to the hospital one time and she's over there again  please pray for me and my family  thank you
just had some great new  mom's hopefully coming home tomorrow  the hospital put her in the pscychiatric <propmale> and said she was bipolar  that's a load of bull! she was touched by the holy spirit and made changes in my family  thank u to all who prayed for her and my family! god bless you all
"the woods are lovely, dark and deep  but i have promises to keep, and <propmale> to go before i sleep  --<propfirst> frost"
just now saw terminator salvation and it was awsome! it's not better than ninja assassain though 
"the woods are lovely, dark and deep  but i have promises to keep, and <propmale> to go before i sleep  --<propfirst> frost"
would someone give me an anime person to draw? i'm not picky so mention anyone and i'll draw them 
would someone give me an anime person to draw? i'm not picky so mention anyone and i'll draw them 
"ahh! this dang sunburn hurts! i had an awsome day with nick(though i kinda thought he was a little too excited to drive the mule) had to plant seeds, hoe, and till the garden  then we went up to petit <propfirst> mount  to eat  finally got back!"
just got back from my cousin corbin's graduation at arkansas tech  i'm happy for him and wish him luck in the real world 
woo hoo! last week of school and i'm out for the summer! it's going to be awsome!
i start my summer excercise routine at 5 smile 0 tomorrow morning  wish me luck!
"i got home today after the evening church service and found my mom having what looked like seizure twitches  it turns out, according to her, that is how the lord gives her knowledge  i believe in jesus christ yet i can't wrap my head around this event  i can't help but think this is scitsophrenia, yet i  can't see it  i'm mentioning this to see if anyone had an opinion and for you guys to pray for my family  thanks"
"so far, my exercise is going well  i hope it keeps up "
"hahaha! the english pirate language is hilarious! scroll to the bottom of your facebook <propfemale> and on the bottom left corner inlittle blue letters, click \english\"" when \",45b5d49054a1 laugh 6c25348e134e4f637a,this exercise routine is working great! i dropped from 240 to 235 in two days! woohoo
"i have to start getting up to workout  anyway, i'm leaving for <propfemale> beach on thursday  i'm ready for some awsome surfing!"
"this is sad  i ordered some dvds to watch while at <propfemale> beach and they are all in japanese! does anyone happen to know how to add english to them? if not, i'll sell them on ebay and get my mom's money back"
woo! <propfemale> beach is awsome! i'm having to use my psp for internet though  im going to be here until friday  dont miss me to much!
"wooo! i'm finallly off the cruise and back home! going to cozumel, mexico was fun but i would rather stay in arkansas for the rest of the summer "
sticks and stones may break my bones   but words will devestate my inner child forever!
dang! three days of getting up at 9 surprise 0 and working in the garden sure does wear you down  i think i could sleep for the rest of the day!
all you people laying around the house or out in town are lucky  i've been in a garden since 7 surprise 0
"man i couldn't sleep and i ended up listening to, of all things, an old pokemon movie soundtrack  reminded me of younger days where i was naive about the world  oh how i wish the world was as simple as that again "
"death at a funeral is hilarious  \my manhood is being questioned right now\"" lmao"""
"i'm not ready to go back to school, but i guess there's no choice  i still can't believe i'm a <propmale>  i can clearly remember my first day of kindergarten  it's like i jumped from there to here with only the snap of my fingers  i'll be happy with just seeing my friends and getting this year over with "
first day of school and i already feel like i'm going to have a mental breakdown  what do mrs  trusty's photography classes do?
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, why do you got to be so picky? i faded from asleep to awake in class, you tried to talk behind my back  let me tell you one thing that you should know about me  i do all of my work to be the best,  i may get an attitude at times, but i am rightly justified in my opinion: back talkers are trash and deserve nothing good  so the next time you decide to make that decision, shove your opinions into oblivion "
funny church sign: you may party in hell but you will be the barbecue
holy crap! i got done watching the lovely bones just a few minutes ago and i can't stop crying  i don't care who you are: that movie will touch you in some way  now i got to finish all these note cards for mrs  brucks  -dramatic sigh-
"i'm really ticked and feeling retarded  i got home only to realize that i left my second flashdrive in the east room  that's two i've frickin lost! aghhhhh! if anyone on here was in east today and you saw a flashdrive sticking out of a computer, please comment on this "
wow  i went to download a song off of limewire only to find out that they are under a court order injuction and it's illegal to download any songs at this time  i hope they beat it or i'm gonna have to find some new software
"man, i'm gonna have to cut my internet usage  i try to work on a term paper and i end up on youtube  i might have to turn parental controls on and limit the time i can be on "
"it seems everytime i get on facebook, the layout changes  pick something and stay with it!"
this is so cool! i'm on my aunt's toshiba netbook at her hair salon  i guess it's new because it's still shiny  i could get used to this 
finally home! the transmission in my grandma's grand caravan went out and i've been cramped in a truck for a hour doing homework  i hate chryslers!
"i'm thinking about getting a job next summer, but my chances are about as good as a birthday clown with tourettes "
why is everyone using <propfirst> in their status?
"just sittin here, doing history work and watching old dragonball z episodes  good times!"
"random thought: if you are what you eat, what would a cannibal be?"
"the\ largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69  from \1725-1765, a russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 \sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets \and you thought one was bad!"
i just went to powerthirst ca and they said they were sold out! seems nobody is getting uncomfortably energetic for awhile 
i just found out that <propfirst> mccartney voiced roxas and ventus in kingdom hearts: birth by sleep  i never would have guessed!
anybody else ready for next week to be over?
is it weird for a guy to be on two prozacs and act fine when not having taken one since last friday? i don't because i'm liveing it right now 
thank the lord for christmas vacation!
i'm starting to hate itunes! i was trying to organize my library but it ended up deleting every music file on my computer  luckily i had a backup on one of my other drives  i just now got done deleting all the duplicates  maybe i should just stay with windows media player
\if you love me let me go\,45b5d49054a1 laugh 6c25348e134e4f637a,woo! happy one family christmas is over  i almost didn't make it because: me without prozac + babies or toddlers = babies or toddlers flying through windows
happy about my ipod touch! getting frustrated with itunes saying my connection resets every 5 seconds  anybody know how to fix this?
sitting here looking up the new pokemon list for black and white and thinking about watching an anime called <propfemale> tail
woo! it's snowing at my house
just got the call from the school  officially no school tomorrow!
sittin here hopin that 3rd period will turn out better than today
my answering machine is broke so does anyone know if we're out tomorrow
"i'm confused  if <propfirst> and <propfemale> were ordered to populate the world, they would need to have children  if those children were going to have kids, they would have to have sex with their siblings  isn't that incest? just something rolling around inside my head"
these altered books sketches are really stretching my imagination  i don't think the real book is going to turn out that well 
does anyone know what our work was in us history and psychology
finally feeling better  it turns out i took more than twice my dosage this morning  my mom said its a wonder i didn't die due to all the drugs i accidentally took  i'm going to be looking at the pill <propfemale> cups more closely now  thinking i want to crash asleep on my bed again  (yawn)
"got done showering and accidentally put acne face wash in hair  warning says if this happens, bleaching may occur  i might have blond or white hair by monday"
someone has lost my keys  its driving me crazy trying to find them  (sigh)
wants to remind all fellow chemistry students about the worksheet problems and the writing we have to do in our composition books are due tomorrow 
320 leeches in 15 minutes can drain your body dry of blood  gotta love manswers
just got done mowing the yard  spring and summer are just around the corner
"roses are red,\violets are blue,\sugar is sweet,\and so are you \but the roses are wilted,\the violets are dead,\the sugar bowl is empty\and so is your head!"
almost died leaving perryville this afternoon  some jerk turned out into the road right as i was approaching ezell's  this caused me to not see the traffic jam past him and i had to slam the breaks while cruising through oncoming traffic and trying to find a spot in the line  i think i can say i'm an awesome driver under pressure 
"anything good in life is either illegal, immoral or fattening "
just watched paranormal activity 2  my mind has been officially freaked 
"just realized something while rewriting one of my stories: i can make awesome fight scenes, but i suck with anything that has to do with dialogue "
"seasons come and go\but i will never change\and i’m on my way!! awesome song by tinie tempah "
"this is funny but amazing: you can't name a new folder \con\"" in microsoft windows """
"god, bless my family and help us through our troubles"
"just thought of something funny: \hell has frozen over  the icicles are forming and the snowball fights are well underway  come join us \"""""
who knew looking at wwii propaganda posters would be akin to a optical illusion  all the pictures look like their moving up and down
just reminding everyone who has mrs  trafford's history class: remember to do your wwii propaganda posters that are due tuesday!
i got a 27 on my act! first time i took it
does anyone know why there are cops and an ambulance by the houses near the gas station in adona?
