348cd0253b9281807811fb628b1ef23d
narwhals  whales with unicorn horns  yes!!!
i hope the learning curve wears off quickly  i just made this facebook and i am lost in this labyrinth 
ok     how many friend requests have i received in the past minute    like ten    i just made this account like 30 mins ago  jeez!
i thought that the most confusing thing on earth was institutionalized religion  i was wrong; it's facebook 
school tomorrow? i sure hope not!
"retaking the sat tomorrow, and i'm not thrilled about it "
got into upon honors program  finally- they're rolling admissions (quasi rolling) and i applied like two months ago!
five days until senioritis!
19 unanswered points and they still lose? that's harsh  
i have perfected the <propmale> of procrastination 
i was just thinking    is it perhaps time to post at least one real photo onto my facebook <propfemale>?
tufts interview in a few hours- nervous!
finally  a halftime show with musicians under the age of 60! first time in a few years  did it really take that long to realize that the who hasn't been popular in 30 years?
decided to root for the packers five minutes before the game  good choice!
i was wondering why frisbees get bigger as they got closer and then it hit me 
"visiting northeastern, tufts, mit"
doesn't like in class essays
to anyone who was in senior showcase- great show!
"\be yourself; everyone else is taken\"" - <propfirst> wilde"""
decisions for the school of my dreams come out in an hour  why am i not nervous??
waitlisted at washington university in st  <propfirst>
"dear teachers,\i am procrastinating for the first time in two months, but i am not happy about this  my consistent diligence during all zero minutes of none of my homework has come to an end  teachers- i thoroughly enjoy it when you give \optional\"" homework"," and i don't like this alien stipulation that you call \""collecting it\""  i hope that next week you will return to the old ways  \"348cd0253b9281807811fb628b1ef23d,accepted to tufts!
finally! baseball started! there goes three hours of each of my days
(school work) + (fourth quarter senior) - (ap tests)=complete joke
anyone else going to the uconn open house tomorrow?
<propfirst> bautista is on pace for 67 home runs    again    this guy is unreal 
