66ed63118fec6d57ebfbb7f872a88d83
is ready for bct! in a little while      
"saw an ar-15 assault rifle for $200  turned out it was the heat grip    oh well, i'll get to use the really good stuff in 10 years!"
might get a beach house     might
?? ???? ????????
learned how to work an fgm-148 javelin anti-tank missile 
is mad      as usual
middle school sucked  hopefully high school will be better 
"ich bin stolz, deutsch zu sein"
"is working today 9 to 5 at concord imaging, my dad's buisness "
"ich bin stolz, deutsch su zein"
didn't get to blow up enough stuff this summer        i still have a few more weekends
pressure makes diamonds  - general <propfirst> patton
wants an ar-15
"went to the lake sunday, my mom had the boat floored, it wasnt going fast at all  my dad opened the ood, and smoke was coming from the engine! the rubber coating on the exhaust manifold started bubbling  my dad had to get the fire extinguisger  any longer under incredible heat, the plastic fuel tubes could have melted leaking fuel and possibly causing an e playful losion! i'm serious "
"the dam was awesome hiking with <propmale>, found all sorts of car parts, almost enough to make a car  almost got attacked by hostile atvs "
someday      
"november 5th, 2009 remember"
"i wonder if the cops will show up from all of the fireworks, a bonfire would be sweet, burn a bunch of stuff, then shoot more fireworks  thanks <propfirst> "
"finally, i'm going to the beach  haven't done fishing in a long time  great way to start off the break by doing that and swimming in the nice water haha"
139 pounds of caught fish=full deep freeze  i caught the biggest fish i've ever caught  the fishing line almost came out of the pole 
"good! it should rain sometime this week, so that means fireworks for new years  it's about time "
sucks at modern warfare 2 and is proud 
alright then  gar  don't know  hmmm
go brown! (the republican)
what happened to <propfemale>?
needs a new profile picture  it's time i go shoot something again and get a good picture out of it 
what should i do?
when can we have snow in san <propfirst>?
this is getting old 
this is getting old 
"should i take initiative, or wait?"
"wow, i really screwed up     "
"alright, i can do this  i'm goin' for it "
"alright, i can do this  i'm goin' for it "
i thought i could
got my driver's license today 
wants to learn stick shift soon  should be a challenge 
<propfemale> will have to be the best choice  no failure this time 
shot a 5mm target from about 50 feet away 
great 
"wow, great job captain screw up!"
i am not done yet  not giving up 
"\the thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen \""  -  <propfirst> <propmale> wright"""
what did i do this time?
poll: which music is better? country or rock
"jesus is my spark, the holy spirit is my fuel, and god is my fire "
havin' alot of fun here!
i'm back!
"alright, what next? hopefully the best "
i guess not 
decent for now 
good  very good  i'm gonna keep goin'!
"my knives are sharpened, my helmet is ready, my scope is zeroed in, my ammunition is full, and i am ready "
looks like i got another week 
"good job democrats, now the united states of <propfemale>'s becoming the socialist republic of <propfemale>, let's just change the title of this nation to some commie title since that's obviously what the democratic house is aiming for "
"good job democrats, now the united states of <propfemale>'s becoming the socialist republic of <propfemale>, let's just change the title of this nation to some commie title since that's obviously what the democratic house is aiming for "
great day to be outside 
another great day to be outside 
"\this we'll defend\"""""
me and the gents are heading off to the dam today 
what can a man do once he puts his mind to it?
what were they thinking when they saw that stone rolled away?
59 days 
who here is tired of school and ready for summer?
"weekends    it's either you have a ton to do, or nothing to do "
another week  here we go again       
"weekend, time to do something     "
tomorrow should be good      
ran a race today  i got 1st place in my age division 
who here goes to community bible church?
a man's constant determination vanquishes his thoughts of defeat 
line piece!!!
<propmale> > spanish
good 
great weekend 
"we just bought a surfboard, going to the beach memorial day weekend "
"we just bought a surfboard, going to the beach memorial day weekend "
"this week has gone by very fast, i don't have a single problem with that "
weekend 
"all i see in the news feed are people either starting to date or breaking up, what's the deal?"
summer's gonna be good  i have a lot of things i need to do 
i find it very interesting that we can count the number of days we have left of school on one hand 
went surfing! too bad the waves weren't very big    
"new dictionary definition for sunburn: it hurts a bit, but the reason you got it is well worth it "
one 
it is here 
is just getting started 
"is having a big family reunion this week  yes that means at times, there will be about 30 people in my house "
"is having a big family reunion this week  yes that means at times, there will be about 30 people in my house "
will be hiking in hawaii in a few days  it will be different from last year's desert climate hiking 
likes to go running in the mornings 
"vacation to hawaii: 8 mile hike through mud filled mountains and lush rain forests, open door helicopter rides, tons of kayaking, snorkeling through reefs and fish, and surfing on the islands north side  it was quite a vacation for the wiersigs "
surfing 
just because august is coming up doesn't mean that summer is over yet 
is going hiking in the <propmale> today       
"the law of 4\who is 67?"
second week of school  things are gonna get tougher     
my house is now surrounded by a lake of water now  good thing i live on a hill 
"we remember the 2,977 americans who lost their lives nine years ago today  we honor those who have stepped forward when the towers fell  we honor those who have made the greatest sacrifices to protect our nation and its people  we remember and honor the families who lost their loved ones  we remember this day as it was such a tragedy, but a great eyeopener for all of us "
"we remember the 2,977 americans who lost their lives nine years ago today  we honor those who have stepped forward when the towers fell  we honor those who have made the greatest sacrifices to protect our nation and its people  we remember and honor the families who lost their loved ones  we remember these things as we advance"
rats 
weekend  cool  and <propfemale> won  hooah!
"this afternoon should be fun, i gotta get past whap first     "
good job <propfemale> band! let's keep pushing!
"someone's gonna pull the fire alarm tomorrow, i just know it  whether they're \wolfpack\"" or not """
"sharpening knives and listening to music, i  love weekends "
"we did our best, and it showed  excellent season <propfemale> band "
gig 'em ags 
we can all smell the week off  it is close 
gig 'em ags  let's keep going 
"soon, or later "
two weeks!
"went trap shooting  it's a shotgun shooting sport  similar to skeet shooting, except a little harder "
"looks like duck hunting got cancelled  we're gonna try again next week  a bit of a shame, but i'm just glad i may get to go "
ha! it's official 
"<propfemale> christmas  we thank god for the true meaning of this day, and honor him for bring his son on this earth "
"hunt was a success, and i hope to do it again  now i need to clean two shot guns  and one has two barrels, so it's like cleaning three!"
"we were soldiers once    \and young"
"went hiking in the snow with <propfemale> this morning, trees, frozen ponds, deer tracks, fresh crisp air, couldn't ask for more "
