276aeb3efe31a960554eef207b23b194
is becoming a lesbian  i will no longer await a gender that has avoided me for so long 
is wondering if anyone would like to join me for the season premier of true blood?
is saying the new black boy on true blood is oh so fine like 1853 preserved wine   bomchikawahwah  but im still a lesbian   
is clearly gonna find her a vampire cuz they are 10 times more romantic and caring then mortal men   and seriously with this credit music   nothin but the blood? lololol   still a lesbian though   mwah!!
"i got my ddduuuvvvaaalll boo kavicia she be dancin soooo  she my spinnin top hoe, flexibility is great   bomchikawahwah!!!"
is mad i just had a commercial pop up on my facebook page   serously facebook?
"is ticked off  the history channel is pissin' me off, they are suggesting with this information that homosapiens didnt become neanderthals unitl they left africa and migrated to europe, seriously thats wat they think? i feel so bad, cuz they are misguded "
"is saying my bachelorette party will end in a hangover   forget that,it's clearly to far away, anybody up for a trip to vegas?"
is most definitely about to get on this bcfx   marching bands and dancers in a video game   seriously gotta get it!!!
is saying a nice dark brother with a three piece suit  he make me wanna shoop!!!lol   haha kavicia i beat you to it   
is saying  patty you're the mayonnaise for me oh oh oh  patty you're the mayonnaise for me   i love doug love  : )
is still a lesbian
is feeling like something is missing from life   i wonder what it is?
"is at one of her sisters house and we've decided to put out boyfriend husband applications   losers,drug addicts,little boys and immature men need not apply "
is still a lesbian though    
is happy her friend <propfirst> will be in tally in a few hours yay!!!!
"is needing something to do in tallahassee tonight, anything thats cheap "
"is sick, and kevicia says i cough like a wolf   why me god?   my head and my neck hurts   anybody wanna take care of me?"
is so throwed right now  kevicia where you at dawg?
really needs a shoulder and is extremely dissappointed in bet! people yes <propfirst> was the nations <propmale> of pop but he was also thne nations pcp 
"is like dern, weezy should not have even performed, they have blocked out almost everything he has said, no song left at all  lol"
is saying how sad it is that the <propfirst> tribute performance with <propfirst> and neyo is the most musically entertaining that has been on the bet awards thus far   i swear music gets worse and worse daily 
is saying   aint nothin like   
is wondering where you are!
is so mad cuz this blast from the past still has my heart in a chokehold   i mean some wwf clothesline ish   why me god? uuugggghhh!!!!
"is wondering if anyone has an extra computer charger, mine is broken and is no longer charging my computer, and i need my computer "
"is at a family reunion bbq in <propmale>, fl   boresville usa  lol  gotta love family though  "
needs love love  : (
really hopes she gets this job!!!
is going to be in gainesville tomorrow once again with nothing to do   i continously go from one boring city to another   uuuuuggggghhhhh!!!!!
is in gainesville bored   any suggestions?
"wants to know, is anybody in gainesville tonight?"
wants to know who is going to see <propmale> potter with her on teusday night at midnight?
"is saying it's official, i will never ask questions i dont want to know the answer to ever again, i also want to know what exactly is in a name?"
"wants to know what's exactly in a name, and believes at this moment that love is for those whom hearts not only is an organ that allows a whimsical piece of matter to give what it masks as a pulse to someone ficticiously and meaninglessly supporting life,"
want to know who wants to go and see <propmale> potter with me tonight?
is back in tally ho and can't wait for this <propmale> potter movie tonight hells yeah!!!!!
is so ready to see <propmale> potter i bought a ticket for the 3 am showing      yes i said the 3am showing 
is so excited she saw <propmale> potter and really can't wait to see g i  <propfirst>!!!
is awaiting a positive force to overtake her current situation 
is so happy cuz her and her frat sisters are gonna have a great time today   i can already feel it 
is screaming <propmale> wtf!!!!!!!
is infatuated!
is wanting to know does anybody else think it's weird that every advocate or national figure for black empowerment is either plotted against by the government or murdered? just food for thought!!!
wants to know if god loves us all wat makes jesus so damn special?   lol   thanx luv
is not feeling complete at all!!
"is saying ms  independent is a great title and all but your ego can't keep you warm at night, always remember that "
see's no point in anything anymore   two tears in a bucket      
"is saying i'm so tired of life  i do all this stuff i don't want to do, just so i can follow what is someone elses perception of successful, just to die alone and forgotten    can someone please e playful lain to me the logic in life?"
"is wondering why is it that when you are internally facing something, the thing that is causing the problem seems to rear it's ugly head constantly in your face, on t v ,the radio and people around you   gosh i really wish this thing would go away!!!!!!!!"
"is wanting everyone to know my phone wont charge, so if you need me hit me up on facebook "
"wants to know if anybody has an extra samsung battery, my phone has been dead for to long im losing my mind!!"
"is wondering what the fates are doing? becuz clearly whatever they're doing, it isn't their jobs  gosh!!!!!"
love is an emotion and emotions cannot be e playful lained nor quantified by science and therefore is irrelevant!!!!!!!!
"is so happy she has a phone again, calling me may now continue "
is so upset becuz she has absolutely nothing to do with her life!!!!!!!!
is on skype now   look me up certifyedpsych89
"is saying correction, the skype name is certfyedpsych89"
"is saying please stop asking me why i look so tired, i have done more before 8am then you do all day   gosh i clearly need sleep!!!!!"
"is saying lead, follow or get the hell outta my way!!!! i sure do wish these sorry tallahassee drivers knew that phrase   gosh!!!!!!"
wants to know is it wrong to play sick to get out of a class you hate? cuz i did it yesterday and now im sick today   karma waits for no one 
"is soooo very, excrutiatingly excited to see him tomorrow, i've never been so excited to see darkness  love  !!!!!!"
realizes i must have really pissed off aphrodite in a past life   fml!!!!!!!
"is screaming  love  happy birthday mommy, i wuv you!!!!!!!!!  love "
is doing productive things with her life today and realizing that being alone is alot better than being lonely 
"is saying my right arm really hurts, i think you should come and rub it till it's better "
"is beginning to get her priorities in order, yes i love you, but i will not allow you to bring me any deeper into your pit of destruction!"
is sayin everyone skype me: c3rtif1edpsych89
"is saying a fake name, a fake life, and a fake sincerity  i strongly advise you not to run, it will only allow me to build more momentum during the <propmale> making my attack just that much stronger!"
is saying i sat right there and thought there were two points more but in all actuality there were 54 points less 
"is very sad because my foot hurts, and i cant walk properly  : ("
"is saying it's great that i always get what i want but, why always at a price?"
"is saying ya'll i lost the iphone messin' with that dern ftx this weekend, so if you need to talk to me hit me up on facebook, skype or via email virtuosopsych@ol com for the time being "
is going to allow everything to work itself out due to the fact that i don't have the time or <propfemale> to fix everything myself 
"is sick, feverish, and groggy, i will never drink nor be naked in the cold the night before pt ever again!!!!!!!!!"
i feel like using my k-y intense gel today     
is saying patrck you will pay for changing my status!!!!
"had a ball playin tag and hide and go seek with the cows in <propmale> this weekend, but i guess it's time to head back to tally now  : ("
is not gonna make it!!!!!
is so upset that she will be stuck here for thanxgiving with no phone!!!!!
is invictus!!!!!!
is saying happy thanksgiving to all!!!!! even though i'm alone i am catching up on all the episodes of glee that i missed and realizing today isnt so bad after all 
"is saying to many people sleep on anime, blood plus is the shit!!!!!!!!!"
is ofiicially missing you!!
"is patiently awaiting your warm embrace, a kindling spirit and a soul of enlightenment, you are truly my kryptonite "
"is very upset because adult people cant follow simple directions, now i'm pissed, thanx for starting off my week in the red zone gosh!!!!!!!!!!!"
needs some antibiotics stat!!!!!!
": mission: return to gainesville, fl ; nlt:1700hrs"
is saying i really miss my quad and my phamily!!!!!!!!
"is saying i miss my quad and my phamily, and if you have skype,skype me; c3rtif1edpsych89"
is really wishing i waited until the 24th to come to gainesville!!!!!! shoot me now!!!!!!!!
is asking for anyone to tell me thats theres something to do in gainesville!!!!!
"is mad as hell how did i get a \b\"" in rotc lab wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"is mad as hell how did i get a \b\"" in rotc lab wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's a good thing that grade doesnt effect my gpa or the rattler battalion would have some serious e playful laining to do!!!!"""
is so mad that i found just found a movie entitled paranormal entity   wtf!!!!
"is saying \consciousness is the awarneness of isness\""--dr  dennard  are you awake?"""
just found out she's gonna be an aunt  wtf!!!!!
"is saying so i have a new movie added to my favorites list, pretty woman is the ish son!!!!!"
"loves this long break, relaxation was much needed!!"
"is saying back to school, back to stress ugh!!!!!!!!!"
is needing a hug right now 
is really tired!!!! so much to do yet so little daylight to accomplish it all 
"is saying 10512000 minutes and all of them alone, wtf!!!!"
my fine is $595 60
"is saying that today is my sister <propfemale> cooper 21st birthd@y so i believe that constitutes intoxication and inebriation of the third kind, don't you?"
"is sayin watcha chilli's bitch!!!!!!!!!! c-16 comin through, get ready!!!!!"
is saying this psychologist thing is great and all but i dont know how much longer i can knowingly push him away 
"is saying if you are black, african american,african,a nigga,a brotha ,a sister or you have actual melanin in your skin you need to take dr  dennards psychological racism & prejudice class "
i am such a loser  wat am i gonna do wit my life  nothn i guess  i love u guys even tho no one loves me  forever always t h c  loneyly
is saying today is the superbowl 
"it's almost like i knew this man from another life, like back then maybe i was his husband, maybe he was my wife    it's truly my pleasure to share his company and i know that it's gods gift to breathe the air he breathe's    "
is saying can someone please let me know the tenative plan for the superbowl!!!
"wants to put money on the game, who should i bet on?"
"is sayin sorry i didnt care if that was your man, i never really did grasp the concept of not playing with toys that arent mine     lol"
blah
is about to watch this superbowl get underway even though i'd rather watch <propfemale> wars   lol
"is wondering why these superbowl commercials suck already, are they serious? i actually look forward to these commercials!!!!!"
"who told <propfemale> latifah she could sing, that's my girl and all but wtf!!!!!!!!"
what so proudly we heeled foreal? they shoulda had my ass singin at the superbowl for this shit!!!!!
"they don't show the hundred but they show these bullshit performances, what is the world coming to, and most definitely gonna go see the last airbender  the real avatar!"
is saying the iphone is in the south so no one call me!!!
"mirror mirror on the wall, tell me mirror what is wrong     "
"is saying stop fighting it, just let it happen, unfortunately, \no\"" isnt in my vocabulary   lol"""
wants to become a secret agent   mr  and mrs  smith in this bit   lol
"doesn't understand why with all the advanced technology the worlds governments have, they for some only want to create stuff to destroy one another   wtf!!!!"
"is saying, it's officially gone, no more flat irons for a very long time!!!!!!!"
"is saying it's friday, i don't have a job or ish to do "
is exhausted!!!!
doesnt think a person more amazing then him even exist right now!!!!
is saying everyone should take a walk around 1am to hear the beautiful sounds the earth makes 
"is about to get back focused cuz i got places to go and things to do, play time was fun, but it's time for me to go now, sorry kiddies!!"
is saying i really needed the 15 hours of sleep i just got 
"is doin some homework, studyin, and relaxin  i had a great time last night even though hotcombing the natural ended up pointless, but it's ok though  sn: i want to say happy birthday to my sis <propfemale> justcallmereece rollins "
is wondering if anyone knows what time the bottom part of the cafe opens today?
"is saying <propfirst> <propfirst> was so right, public advertising does work  lol"
is patiently waiting   tick   tock
"is very sick, things just continuously get worse and worse "
"is saying i cant breathe, someone please help!!!!"
needs a doctor asap!!!!!
"is saying now that i think about it, it's a good thing im stuck in tally for spring break cuz now im sick and if i were going somewhere i would be so mmad that i got just randomly up and sick  but now i dont care cuz i was gon be in my room anyway "
feels that everyone should see <propfirst> rocks good hair if you havent already!!!!!!
"is saying i think i've finallly figured it out, we as black people arent hostile enough  give me an ak, endless bullets, blue gatoraide and some bbq tofu and aunty bb will fix it   lol"
"wakes up every morning wishing i never did, when will things ever change?"
"is chillin wit my 4, watchin my life as <propfemale> "
"is watchin <propmale>'s sex chronicles!!!!! \hell yeah i like it\""(inside joke)   lol"""
"ran up the door and closed the stairs  i said my pajamas and put on my prayers  i turned off the bed and got into the light, all because you kissed me goodnight love "
"is wanting to know what is going on in tallahassee, fl tonigt!!!!"
"is wanting to know what is going on in tallahassee,fl tonight!!!!"
"is sad, my 4 has returned to <propmale> and i am now alone, i need entertainment asap!!!"
"i am convinced that doing any type of pt in your room is dangerous, clearly moving to the living room, this has not been a good day at all "
"is in love with gregiry house m d , why cant all men be as mysterious, manipulative, yet benevolent as he?"
wants to know why some men can't recognize when they're being treated like a <propmale>?
"has been doing school work all day, at this rate i never want to see another microcomputer application ever again!!!!!!!!!"
has finally finished all this microcomputer applications work now on to french!!!!!!
can you be considered an alcoholic if you decide to drink cuz you're bored but it's only this one time?
is so excited about life right now   chika chika yeah!!!!!!!!!
"just watched <propfemale> in wonderland and dear john     so, he was supposed to be special forces, wat type of special forces team turns their backs on insurgents when their being shot at, actually what civilian does that? come on hollywood ya'll have to do better research than that!!!!!!"
is numb
"is considering marrying myself, is that even possible?"
"is so excited, my kane is back!!!!!!!!!"
wishes i could just start everything all over again without me!!!!!!!
"would like to wish her lil' brother zay bahamianprince smith a very happy birthday, even though he's so disrespectful   lol!!!!!!!"
is really in need of a pick me up right about now!!!!!
is not feeling today at all!!!!!
my puff fell off!!!!!!
i thought nair was shampoo!!!!!
"is saying trust no one, whenever you do, you will inevitably feel the pain of the backlash in the end, not the person who betrayed your trust!"
"is mad, they have pain medicines for all parts of your body, what about the pain in your heart?"
"is busting my butt to play catch up and sleep has definitely been sacrificed, gotta do what i gotta do though    : ("
"is so bored at this ball  i need some liquor and a black, cuz i'm bout to go to sleep we need to get this party started!!!!!!!"
doesn't understand these females! why let go of a good man just cuz he messed up once? food for thought!
"is so mad at this stupid software, i have the worst love hate relationship with technology i swear uuugggghhhh!!!!!!"
is so upset cuz i just coughed all extra hard and i think i swallwed a freakin nat!!! uuuggghhh!!!!! this morning is starting to truly piss me off!!!!
"is mad as hell, it is official i have the most disgusting roommates in the tri-state area  instead of their nasty asses taking out their trash they simply put it in empty cabinets for months     where the fuck do they do that at? i have never met females this nasty in my fucking life "
is oh so very excited about being done with these dern computer class modules but is so mad that i am missing the p a end of the year social    gosh thanx <propfirst>!!!!! : ( hopefully it wont be over by the time the tortoise picks me up!!!!
doesnt understand why predominately white schools chapters purchase wood?
"thinks i love him, but i can't stop thinking about you  wat to do, wat to do?"
wonders sometimes the actual point in being here 
is very tired and still has 2 days worth of work to complete by 9am tomorrow   wtf!!!!!!
is feeling             
"is tryna lose 20 pounds as fast as possible, any suggestions?"
had a nice break but it's back to study mode now 
"wants breakfast in bed, any takers?"
"just saw <propfirst> and strickert eat 30 boogers, boredom at it's finest "
is contemplating is any of it even worth it anymore?
y'all im <propfemale> depressed my thighs won't stop rubbin together  with all this hot weather i'm always sweating so my thighs be rubbin and it's starting to chafe and get dark  anybody got any suggestions on getting these black spots off of my inner thigh?
<propfirst> will pay dearly for his disrespect on the book of face!!!!!!!!!
"has 19 meals i need to hey rid of, so if you're hungry text, call or send me a message via facebook or something "
"school is officially out, party party party let's all get wasted!!!!!! : )"
needs an hp charger   uuuuggghhhh!!!!
"is at home bored, my laptop charger is broken and my computer is unfortunately dead   fml uuuggghhh! if you need to get in touch with me call,text or send me a message in my inbox "
so  my ps3 is my source of internet now    uuuggghhh!!!!
"is watching brown sugar on bet, unable to sleep "
is amazed to find out that smoking while a candle is lit is actually bad for your health    like your lungs can get any worse   lol
is tight as hell right now!!!!!
is so excited cuz i just found out glee is having a lady gaga episode yyyyyeeeeessssss!!!!!!!!
"is on this <propfemale> wars tip today, alone in tally so i think i'll watch the entire trilogy "
"knows my mediclorean reading has to be well over 50,000 yoda ain't got ish on me   lol i'm a box of promise waiting to be fufilled, there are no coincedences in life "
was told that the new season of the boondocks starts tonight  yyyyyaaaayyytt!!!!!
"feels so bad for darth vader(anakin), for he is simply the victim of a misguided mind with selflessness and keeping his one true love alive as his original intentions, he basically sold his soul for love!!!"
"wishes at times that i could reach out and the men in these movies, goodness, cuz anakin age 20 is sooooo very hot, <propmale> christensen did his thang in episodes 2&3!!!!!!"
is so upset that i was so busy lustin after anakin that i missed my husband(gregory house)singing midnight train to <propfemale> tonight   dddaaammmnnn  looks like i'll just have to play catch-up on the internet when my charger comes in 
is in a very different vortex right now    intoxication   uuuuuggggghhhhh!!
is very upset because the iphone screen is frozen so if you need to talk to me send me a message in my inbox 
is happy cuz i finally fixed the iphone   yyyaaayyyy!!!!!
"morning jog sad heck, laundry done sad heck, now what? summers in tallahassee are so unfufilling   uuuggghhh!"
"has finished my workout for the day and i'm once again bored, somebody help!!!!!"
"is going swimming with no bathing suit, i lovey family dude  cccchhhhiiiiirrrppp!!!!!!"
"is so sick, with the worst headache, all from cinco de mayo   uuugggghhhg!!!!"
is so excited cuz my computer charger finally came in so i am back in action!!!!! iron man 2 great movie!!!!!!
i don't remember <propmale> being a pedophile in the original nightmare on elm street  wtf?
"really thinks i'm going to do this basic ait thing right about now, hell i need a break from school anyway     "
"knows that it is so sad, but the simplest things just tickle me pink    : )"
"is starting to believe i was actually born with the short end of the stick, seriously damn!!!"
is about to grab life by the balls and play nutcracker is this bih    wampah!!!!!!!
"doesn't understand men in the least, i don't hear from you for months, and then randomly i get a text, why didnt you just lose my number   uuuggghhh!!!!"
"is about to cook breakfast due to dying of starvation, even though i wish i could just order, god im so lazy   lol"
"is saying     sooooo, the story of kratos is just a grandiose version of the story of perseus   ooohhh okay i get it "
"is at the house chillin wit one of my favorite nephews kane, this lil boy flips me out everytime i see him  lol"
"realizes playing video games for more than 3 hours at a time is in no way good for your neck, it's definitely time to visit a masseuse!!!!"
is about to go to gainesville and wreck shop  why the fuck is my mommy upset on mothers day? i am going to murder my brother and sister!!!! uuuggghhhhh
"is okay now, my family startin to act right, i was finna have to go beast for a sec  lol"
"omg facebook i think im in love!!!! i took one look in the mirror, now im head over heels!!!!"
"my whole body hurts including my hands and teeth, wtf!"
"'s phone is currently off, if you need to talk to me, do so via facebook "
"is upset, the ending of this game was so wack, now there wont be a 4   wtf!!!!!"
"so maybe it doesnt suck after all, this man is so invincible, he cant even kill himself!!!"
is       
is on her way to the gym
"just realizes how out of shape i really am, just did 2m on the treadmill and i feel like death is about to take my soul "
"loves the gym, but unfortunately old cuts have began to burn "
was really hoping not to see you again till the fall  damn serendipity  lol   and yes <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> this one is about a boy  lol
wants to know am i predictable?
i am the seasoning <propfemale>!!! : )
made some bbq tofu and it taste great!!!!! yyyaaayyy me!!!!!
"is saying i would miss you, even if i had never met you!"
"sooooo glee is my all time favorite show right now!!!! the boy is mine, seriously?"
i dont know if i love house or glee more!!! ooooh the internal conflict!!!!
"dont you be afraid to, let me elevate you, welcome you to supa, dupa, jupiter love!"
"i work it so gooood, these nigga's tryna buy-yyyy me "
is going to be gettin my workout on at 3 and i need a massage now  uuuggghhh!!
"thinks it is so sad that i cannot put my boobies on facebook in piece,the human body is something to be aprreciated you freaking prudes!!!!"
is like wow  cuz kane is jumping on my bed singing so hard!!!!
wants to have a slumber party
"i like it in public places, or in the rain!!!!!!!"
i like it in the pool too    
thinks <propfirst> <propfirst> or <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>  should come and sleep with me   i havent seen humans in a long time 
thinks someone should come sleep with me cuz <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propfirst> aren't coming!!!! boo you whores!!!
"is bored beyond reason, uuggghhh!!!"
just came from the gym and is tired and hungry as hell!!!!!
is gonna continue doin this gym thang wit vieanna smith cuz right now i feel hooaah!!!
misses her famu concert choir family   ya'll never see me but i really love ya'll!!!
"is saying this is my sorry ass apology, i took your love for granite, i was so selfish for just doin me "
"is so upset cuz pierjea pj lyon and shaurice keys both knew i wanted to go out tonight and decided to leave me in the dark, thats messed up ya'll!!!!"
petville theme music be ridin though   lol
everyone needs to go to youtube and watch all three video's entitled rip black <propfemale> and take heed!!!!
"cried due to the season finale of supernatural, but now im upset cuz i cried for nothin   uuugghhh!!"
"is upset, cuz people let me know nothing     "
was just told i have to many male friends and that via messaging this person actually thought i was a dude posing as a girl   clearly it's time to get in touch with my inner <propfemale> 
is about to partake in a supernatural marathon starting with season 1 only four more to go 
has no facebook birthdays today   wtf???
is it possible to be awake and still feel like your dreaming?
's body hurt so bad  i need a massage 
is thinking about taking a nap 
"is amazed at how he so skillfully undressed my mind and made love to my thoughts, undeniably the best sex i ever had!"
goodmorning facebook!!!
doesn't understand why my computer keeps turning off 
"bout to watch daybreakers, i love vamp movies "
is not feeling today at all 
"is in the process of making my dreams come true, dream job,dream house, dream car, dream kids and dream husband are all in the making, i dare anybody to try and wake me up!!!"
"misses her freshman family, i've lost my deuce, and my four and five are pow mia's, and im tired of being in this damn room   uuuggghh!!!!"
"is on oovoo, dr bianca dixon"
"really wishes i never met you, i get sick whenever i see you and my heart breaks every time i think of you   uuuuggghhhhh!!!!!!!!"
"doesn't ask you for much, why must you ne an ass hole about the petty shit i do ask for!! uuuggghhh!!!!!'"
vieanna smith is the coolest! i want to be just like her when i grow up     a bih tiiirreeddd!
"is gonna get  vieanna smith bitch ass cuz she got my status, but thats ok!!!!"
"just got my ass wooped in hsm sing-a-long on wii by vieanna smith  she good as the <propmale> i need in my life  <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> come get her from over here!!!"
"definitely dominated in a couple of songs, but i aint even gon lie vieanna smith did hand me my ass in this wii high school musical game!!!!"
and imma get yo ass for changin my status again vieanna smith !!!!
vieanna smith is my bff  i enjoy her company so much! i never want to be separated from her! why cant the whole entire world be filled with vieanna's
clearly has not learned her lesson about leaving facebook open this is the fifth time today vieanna smithdon got my ass!!!!
"is looking for mr  right but is temporarily taking applications for mr  right now, submit all applications to requesting party asap!!"
vieanna smith is the coolest
"is waiting for you, to come to your senses!!!!"
well vieanna smith's about to leave and i dont want her too  im going to miss her alot!!!!
needs some shelter from the storm!!!
is tryna get like <propmale> butler in law abiding citizen   can somebody say department of defense bih!!!!
wishes that sometimes i could say whatever i wanted to on facebook or any where else for that matter without the peanut gallery interfering!!!!
"is watching pretty woman, who says you cant turn a whore into a housewife, true love conquers all!!!!"
"is in top flight for the first time wit my ls gettin throwed, i have a feelin this is goin to be a great night!!!!!!!!"
has lost my way
is watching lifetime and about to get faded  fml!!!
is patiently waiting for you 
"is amazed at grey's anatomy, homegirl is really flippin out bout these elevators  lol"
is so excited dr  shephard isnt dead!!!!  doctors are so flippin smart!!!!
damn for that miscarriage! life soooo sucks sometimes!!!!
is in her way to ozark alabama wit <propfirst> <propfirst> 
"is in ozark, alabama eatin good kickin it with the <propfirst> family!!!!"
amazed that chrisette <propfemale> cut off all her hair!!!
is happy cuz chrisette <propfemale>'s new cut is sooooo beautiful!!!!
is a beast on this pacman game on google   that ish is ridin yo!!
"has come to ozark alabama and officially seen it fucking all, not everything buy e-ver-ry-ting!!!!"
"is beginning to see everything clearly in view  why can i never take my own advice? but it's cool, imma stop fighting for those who dont care to fight for me, love is a battlefield and general dixon is about to take center stage "
"will love you anyway, even if you cannot stay, i think you are the one for me, here is where you ought to be, i just wanna satisfy ya, though you're not mines and i cant deny it  don't you hear me talkin baby, love me now or i'll go crazy, oohhh sweet thang, dont you know you're my everythang?!!!!!"
needs some <propmale>!!!
"is saying seven deadly sins on lifetime is that ish, i sooo need to read them books!!!!"
cant sleep!!!!!
is upset cuz without you i have no peaceful state of mind 
is headed back to tally in a few   hunger here i come!!!!!
"is back in tally already bout to go to the gym   uuuggghhhh!!! i'm so sleepy, fml!!!!"
is about to have an army wives marathon!!!!!!
"bout to get on this p90x asap, watchin army wives, gotta lock in this future "
"officially has a personal issue with all sagitarious' and aquarious' right now, if you are either of the two please leave me alone until further notice!!!! thanx have a blessed day"
is like damn people will ask you literally anything when they can be anonymous!!!!!
"wondering, who beats on their mother? seriously where the fuck they do that at?"
"is temporarily throwing in the towel, no one call or text me until tomorrow!!!"
"scratch tomorrow, nobody call or text me until further notice!!!!!!!"
"clearly some people dont get the picture, until further notice leave me the fuck alone!!!!!!!!!!"
if i dont actually text or call you back this means you!!!!
"clearly some people dont get the picture, until \further notice leave me the fuck alone!! if i dont actually text or call you back this \means you!!!!"
really needs a hug right now!!!!!!
is so happy pushing is gettin easier by the day  yay for muscle memory hooah!!!!
"just found out one of my roommates is a runner, definitely need to hit the track wit her asap!!!!!"
is the epitome of love!!!!!!
"feels bad for derail young, domanique ?? <propfemale> and <propfemale> young who thought \verizon was gonna get the iphone, sorry verizoners your network\ just can't hold up in the allowance of talking,texting and surfing the\ internet all at once lol maybe verizon should enter the 21st \century!!!  lolhttp annoyed  finance yahoo com family-home article 109681 dont-count-on-a-ver   izon-iphone"
"want's <propfirst> green, quintavious shephard, <propfemale> justcallmereece rollins and <propfemale> cooper to know that i found a link to get adobe creative suite 5 master collection for free and i'mma try and break the codec to send ya'll the link  ya'll betta quit payin thousands of dollars for stuff that's free online   lol"
hates technology that doesn't like to cooperate!!!!!!!!!!
"would definitely break computers if they werent so e playful ensive, uuuggghhh cs5 uuuggghhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is going to finish this fight with adobe in the morning   goodnight fb!!
"misses <propfirst> e <propmale> , <propfirst> phillips and <propfirst> <propfirst>   i clearly need a good laugh and the quad is absent!!!"
"happy memorial day; grandpa you are gone but not forgotten!!! sn: when all else fails, give up!!"
"just woke up from a nap and realized i still have nothing to do, i soooo wanna go back to sleep, uuugghhh!!!!!!"
really wishes someone would teach me to use this master collection shit  uughhh!!! boredom kills!!!!!
"vh1 has a new reality show called dad camp, everyone with sperm should watch whether you are would be a good dad or not!!!!!"
"sooooo, there is a movie titled \the 41 year old virgin who knocked up <propfemale> <propfirst> and felt superbad about it\"" seriously?   lol"""
really needs a diary right now 
"woke up this morning happy, got some bad news from pierjea pj lyon and then pierjea pj lyon turned right around and saved the day, so im feeling great right now, that's why i love my fucking 3!!!!!!!!"
"is kinda upset cuz no matter how hard i try not to, i go to sleep ever night with you on my mind  fml!!!!!!"
"gotta be at he battalion at 8am, goodnight facebook, if you need me text the iphone!"
"just completed the largest goop mission of the century, a parade for like 20 people, and somebody who doesn't even know how to spell drill team leading colorguard, seriously rattler battalion wtf!!!!!!!"
"20 20 tonight, despite thunder   chea!!!"
"is bout to hit 20 20 wit the girls, time to wyle out  chea!!!!"
"had fun at 20 20, now what to do?"
is officially tired 
"likes the hard times of rj berger, what a story line   lol"
"was just watchin this <propmale> songz- yo side of the bed video, and this shit is no joke, people unfortunately get that knock at their door everyday, our soldiers need to come home!!!!"
"is still applying for jobs, i really hope i get one soon!!!"
"is gonna start thinking only positive and following the protocol of life, all of us are paid by the government, hell i might as well get some rank doin it!!! it's been high time to step my game up!!!"
"has a headache right now   uuugghhh, i wish you were here to fix it, you always make me feel better   : ("
"had a nice run, and a interesting chat with my bro and a refreshing shower, i feel great now  sn annoyed ome people just don't know wat no means,cuz i have a visual, my imagination will go into overdrive   uuuggghhh fml!!!!"
has a killer headache uuugghh!!!!!
thinks you should come entertain my mind!!!
is trying to only think positive but it's getting so hard!
"so theres a mortal kombat remake, it looks kinda cheesy but might have something to it "
"all those who have parents taking care of them be thankful, real life and real world sucks when you cant even get your head above water!!!!!"
i keep beating my skull in with a hammer cuz it feels so damn good when i stop  why start you ask? cuz self inflicted pain is better than life inflicted pain 
is having a <propfirst> dempsey(dr mcdreamy)  <propfirst> reynolds movie marathon day!!!!
"is having a <propfirst> dempsey(dr mcdreamy)  <propfirst> reynolds movie marathon \day!!!! sexy, romantic white men always make me feel better!!!!!"
"has a new movie to add to the favorites collection, breakfast at tiffany's!!!"
just got done watching risky business and human fulfilment seems like the way to go   lol
loves <propfirst> dempsey in loverboy!!!!
just found out sookie stackhouse is a <propfemale>!!!! true blood never ceases to surprise me!!!!!
"remember's the way you use to touch me, hold me, kiss me, love me  i remember all the times we spent together, the times we laughed, cried, slept and looked into each others eyes and i now truly remember why i couldnt wait for yo black ass to get the hell outta my life!! best way to get over one man  get underneath another one   lol!!"
was just told that im a real bitch  seriously?
feels so great right now!!!!
is so excited about season 3 of true blood tonight!!!!!
"true blood season 3 premier in 10 minutes, wanna bite?!!!"
true blood is on!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"concious off,dick on!!!!!!"
needs something to do!!!!!!!
is soooooo bored!!! fml uuuggghhh!!!!!!!!!!!
"is not suffering from insanity   i completely enjoy every minute of it!!!! had an amazing night, got up about 2 hours ago still tired fml!!!"
wonders am i the only person alive not watching the celtic-lakers game?
"is one small girl, waiting for life to begin!!!!"
is most definitely team <propfirst> now!!!!!!
"has been in front of this computer all day,so restless i am, but if i could sleep, i would dream only of you!!!!"
is kinda diggin windows 7 
"just heard a baby's heartbeat, that was really cool, it's amazing knowing another life can just grow inside you like this!!!!!!!!"
"i'm slippin into the lava, and i'm tryna keep from goin unda, baby you turn the temperature higher, cuz i'm burnin up, burnin up, for you baby!"
"will not stay angry, but i have come to realize you just cant depend on people, it's sad the people closest to you will treat you the worst  it's cool though, i appreciate seeing true colors "
"is fed up, dont call or text me, the phone is going on silent  if you're not sick or dying, i dont give a fuck!!!!"
"if my suffering is wat makes you truly happy then leave with no intent to return   sn: i don't want a handout from life, working for it is the most interesting part, but can a sistuh get a break   gosh!!!!!!"
is complicated beyond belief 
needs some culture in my life!!!
really wants to go see twilight saga:eclipse!!!!!!!!
so dragon ball z gon be on nickelodeon now   chicka chicka yeah!!!
"is going to walmart to buy some strength and endurance, <propfirst> moore said it's in the home and garden section, i need it for the fall   chea!!!!"
"is masochisticly living life, a mountain to climb with only a body to aid me "
"is masochistically living life, climbing a moutain with only a body to aid me  is that better derail young?"
is in the movies with movies about to see avatar and derail and sgt haskins decides to get on me bout my gortex   foreal?
"so, to bend the elements you gotta do a 20 minute praise dance for one move? seriously avatar wtf!!!!"
"if you were not a true fan of the cartoon, do not go see avatar the last airbender!!!"
"i have faith again, god is worthy to be praise!"
has yet to see eclipse   uggghhh this is going to dern far!!!!!!
is finally about to see eclipse yesssss!!!!!!
eclipse was amazing!!!!! i dont know which team i'm on now   dammit!!!!
"is so hot famu tried the hell outta me, they say i owe parking services $120 for the summer of 2010 with no car!!!!!"
is the goddess of war!!!!!
"doesnt understand why everybody judges the prostitute, while we're filling out applications, she's eating lobster "
"is so tired of filling out applications, i think i'm about to scream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"has heard that the revolution will not be televised      well why the hell not, maybe if theres something in that damn box that makes sense people will stop actin so damn dumb!!!!!!"
they already have a spoof for twilight wow   lol
"will not be your shoulder to cry on any longer, we aint friends, we aint cool, nigga i wouldnt even give yo ass aids cuz you'd live to damn long!!!!"
thinks leverage is one of my new favorite shows 
has lost all direction that i never had 
is mad they talkin bout swingin wood on the progressive commercial   wtf!!!
"knows the economy officially sucks, i just saw an online ad for an annual pass for walt disney word with a monthly payment plan option   seriously!!!!!"
"jackie: what year was 9 11\me:it was when i was in seventh grade\jackie:i know, i was in sixth grade, but what year was it \me: well it had to be in 2001 or 2002 but it depends on if it was fall or spring \jackie sad thinking on whether it was fall or spring)   wait it was fall cuz it was september 11th \me surprise h shit \we laugh hysterically"
two can keep a secret if one of them is dead!!!!
"just found out the new skin tone is dingy    lmao, bathe people!!"
so    the weather report in tallahasse says it' gonna be lightining and thundering with heavy rain for most of july with 2 inches of rain an hour   seriously whilst the same type of weather is everywhere else in florida  it's definitely time to get to britton hill 
"so    the\ weather report in tallahasse says it's gonna be lightining and \thundering with heavy rain for most of july with 2 inches of rain an \hour   seriously whilst the same type of weather is everywhere else in \florida  it's definitely time to get to britton hill "
"so, now they're making a movie about the maker of facebook    really????"
"is trying to get my life on the straight and narrow to no avail, i clearly cant do this on my own!!!!!!"
"clearly cant read, cuz the definition of family i know and the definition the world seems to adhere to are so totally different "
<propfemale> me on <propfemale>chat! at id: dr virtuosopsych  -  http annoyed  pingchat com
"just doesn't know how to be a damsel in distress at all, clearly i need damsel training 101!!!!"
is sleepy but cant sleep!!!!!
would give anything to get all access to the library in vercelli!!!!
"is waiting for the moonlight, so i can find you in this perfect dream "
true blood is on bitches!!!!!!
"wishes for an <propfirst>, a <propmale>, a <propmale>, or an alcide, clearly male humans aren't working so i think i'll try a few supernatural beings!!!!!"
"falling in love, is such an easy thing to, birds can do it, we can do it, let's stop talking, let's get to it, let's fall in love!!!!"
20 years 8 months single and still pushin!!!!!
"clearly needs some more running shoes, went running wit vieanna <propfemale> smith-rockefeller this morning and my big toes hurt like a muthafucka!!! running at 5 am is not healthy cuz i am hungrier than a bih right now but its to early to eat!!!"
wants to know who in this world makes so much money that you would turn down free money? seriously i want to know
"went running this mornin but it just wasnt the same without vieanna <propfemale> smith-rockefeller, that slut prolly left me cuz i was like 11 minutes late!!!"
"has to write retraction to my status,i apologize for calling vieanna <propfemale> smith-rockefeller a slut for leaving me, when she didnt leave me, she just didnt go running all together cuz i didnt call her, my bad bih!!!"
"just went dumpster diving for the first time, yes for upper body strength!!!!!!!"
doesn't really know how im feeling right now  people say you can't miss what you never really had but i know i miss that life and you in it 
thinks maybe i shoulda became a political science <propmale> cuz some of this stuff is intruiging!
"so <propmale> cheney has no pulse, he is officially apart of the undead!!!"
it takes a real actor to or actress to perform shakespeare with only facials and a grunt   lol
i'm really auntie bb now   yay me!!!!!
"is yet to go to sleep since 8am yesterday  word of advice, if your teacher ever assigns you a case study, just buy one online, that is all "
"is sad cuz how things lookin right now, imma be back in gainesville come the fall    uuuggghhhh!!!!!!!"
"is about to go to sleep, i have an early day tomorrow, if you not dyin or derail, don't call, text, or email me   i'm so serious!!!!!"
is vey confused by shutter island!!!!
has to much damn makeup!!! sn: it's time for a new makeup bag cuz mine is to small on it's last leg!!!!!!
"said i needed something and he read my mind, well damn!! lol i be round these boys to much   lol"
is incredibly sick 
"wonders who's sexier, <propfirst> or <propfirst> winchester?"
can't wait for my mcdreamy!!!!!!
"is about to date only interracially cuz, romance would be nice "
is so not feeling this situation at all 
found out today that it was possible to e playful erience the un-quantifiable feeling of raw emotion 
is tired beyond reason 
"just came from a nice lil run with vieanna <propfemale> smith, silienne ????? saint-fleury, <propfemale> jones and mareshah immorethanjustanoption  a bih is sweatin like a slave, this humidity is not my friend!!!! im inside still sweating!!!!!!"
vieanna <propfemale> smith is the bes! girl has butt for days! i so want to be here within the next semester  im going to do everything i can this upcoming year to shine in the glistened sunlight like she does   
"\i am in need of <propmale>  hit me up if you know of any sources  -ily"""
vieanna <propfemale> smith is off the chain  she my dawg  omg i get choked up thinking about her  i go to sleep thinking about her
"is so happy the day is over, now time to finally sleep!!!"
is in lesbians with you!!!!!!
had a great time with <propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> <propmale> at the movies tonight for our double feature  the first 10 and the last 30 minutes of the e playful endebels was awesome by the way    lol   and i am very much in lesbians!!!! lol
"is off to sleep now, pt at 0545  unfortunately!!!"
"thinks we should be priorly informewd on what the colonel wants to talk to people about, got me all scared and stuff   gosh  see ya'll at the pt test in the morning "
is hungry as heck!!! uuuggghhh!!!!
"has gotten my priorities in order and unfortunately you dont make the cut, dueces!!!!"
now realizes why i don't socialize with you people on a regular 
pt is free hooah!!!!
"doesn't understand at all why things at famu have to be so dern difficult, these people sit inside at computers all day and they lazy as heck  is doing your job so freakin hard   seriously!!!!!!"
"is highly upset, i have been in the gym for the last 5 hours getting a permission code for an open class "
so   im bored out my mind so its time to play tittly-winkle with my choo-cha
"i always get hacked, why me!!!!"
"seriously funny is ok so far, we'll see where it goes from here "
has a bsc 1005 biology book for sale $80 if you need it send me an inbox message  price is negotiable!
"feels like it is way to early to be doing anything besides sleeping but, pt is free after all hooah!!"
booty butt cheeks! booty butt booty butt booty butt cheeks!!!!
"<propfirst> <propfirst> stop hacking my fucking status gosh, when i do get yo but you cant get mad, just thought you should know  i cant even go to class cuz you in my room hacking my status!!!"
really needs a hug!!!!
has a  bsc 1010 biology book for sale  inbox me!!!!!
"rip dr  <propmale>, the greatest director to ever live thus far "
is awake an bored!
"just left church with <propmale> strickert, went to jacobs chapel to see tarolyn daxar granthum dance but got there to late unfortunately, but i did see <propfemale> navidad sing in the choir and <propfirst> <propfemale> <propfirst> ushering  get it y'all i seent ya!!!!    lol"
"had an amazing 9 hour conversation with <propmale> strickert, when beautiful intellectual minds come together great revelations are made!!!!! sn: i still have not gon to sleep since yesterday morning at 7, bout to take a nap and hit the books!!!!"
"has pt and i did not sleep very well last night, to top it off i have severe stomach pains   uuuggghhhh"
why is it 50 degrees in my french class    uuuggghhhh!!!!!!
"is upset, the power is out in all of palmetto south!!!!"
"soooo, i just woke up since i been asleep around 1pm and im still sleepy  got shit to do umfortunately, long night ahead!!! sn: mpatanishi pearson saved my life today, this nigga was talking my ear off and would not  go away and she pulled me out of the trance i was in to ignore him    thank you so much!!!!!!"
is saying we must emancipate ourselves from mental slavery!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"the industry don't give a fuck about you, but the industry can't make a dime without you!!!!!!"
"is so tired from pt this mornin', a bih on campus lookin like a straight vagabond!!!!!"
want's britanni <propfemale> to have a happy birthday even though she don't fucks wit me no more   i hate you aaaahhhhh!!!!!!
i feel a burning sensation     what to do what to do????
is feeling blah!!!
cannot find my pic so i'm not going to class today until i get a new one!!!!
im so depressed    as i walked across campus today my thighs started to chafe again in this tallahassee heat  i mean what am i supposed to do???? ive tried baby powder and i tell you no lie  there's not enough baby powder in the world!!!
"has a headache, and has nothing to do   uuuggghhh!!!!!"
is the goddess of war!!!!!!
"is like wtf, <propfirst> <propfirst> says my fingers smell like vagina and chips!!!!"
"is bored, what to do????"
"is hella upset, my hallway if flipping leaking, seriously fam!!!!!!!"
i need <propmale> ding-a-ling!!!! somebody    any takers???
<propfirst> <propfirst> says jesus watches <propmale> ding a <propfemale> part 2   seriously wtf!!! lmao!!!
"so at famu, we fight outside <propmale> library!!! seriously???!!!!"
vieanna <propfemale> smith fat ass in true life on mtv bih!!!!!!! channel36!!!!
so <propfirst> <propfirst> can't walk up stairs without bustin that ass   lol
"while walking to class i just heard a group of boys state and agree that breast are getting ole skool and played out  wtf, seriously   lmao!!!"
"<propfirst> always playin on my damn phone, now i look like an asshole, gosh!!!!!!"
"soooo, i busted my ass in the shower this morning!!!!!!"
"needs to get my hair done, anybody know anybody good?"
i'm really starting to think that pt+classes before 12pm= a horrible fucking idea    uuuuggghhhhh
"some say he whorish, some say he arrogant , some say he cocky, some say he aint shit, but he got good <propmale>, give him a purple heart, he a <propmale>-federate   lol   music gets more surprising everyday!!!"
"hates course copmass, this shit stupid   aaagggghhhh!!!!!"
soooo i'm getting my hair done and at the most it's gone take 10 hours   wtf her hands gon be on fire goin that dern fast!!
i really hope the vma's is better than the pre-show cuz they bout to be wasting my tv time!!!
seriously the house on the head???
so <propfirst> beiber just got me excited!!!!!
"clearly, usher dressed him with them tight crotch showing pants on, and he plays drums, i feel like such a pedophile right now omg!!!"
awww bieber had to perform outside cuz he was to young to get inside thw actual awards show  lmao
lets have a toast for the assholes!!!!
i have officially wasted two entire hours of my life   wwwhhhyyy!!!!
feels like this is so unnecessary!!!
"a man that is good with kids is such a turn on, i can just look into his eyes and see an amazing future, he can definitely get it "
just needs to be held sometimes 
is looking for a way out!!!!!
"and i guess i never really ever loved no one, from the rising of the <propfemale> till the setting of the sun, i'm really scared lying here bout to fall, tryna get back and i wanna get back to you, cuz all i ever think about is you!!!!"
is so happy cuz <propfirst> found my keys yesterday   yyyyyaaaaayyyy!!!!!!!!!!
"knows now with some of the friends i have, i would very much rather kick it wit my enemies!!!!"
"i believe,life starts at the erection  lmao   tosh 0 tonight comedy central-10 smile 0   can't wait"
that's how hybrids are born   lol
"goodnight fb, drill practice in the morning   smooches!!!"
"cannot wait to see <propfirst> perry's theatrical adaptation of \for colored girls who have considered suicide when the rainbow is enuf\"" i know it's gonna be amazing!!!!!!"""
"sssooooo, if you are attending the ftx tomorrow you need foot powder, insect repellent, trash bags and sunscreen in  your ruck sack tomorrow   according to sgt <propmale> penn!!!!!"
"just woke up from that long ass day i had yesterday and i'm still sleep, well i guess it's check a few things and off to sleep i go, army training is no joke!!!"
"is hungry, someone should fix me breakfast!!!"
"wishes i was home right now cuz im hungry and my cousin sherazard mobley just said she was cooking before church and if nothing else my family can cook, i guess the cafe food will have to suffice   uuuggghhh!!!!!!"
sooo facebook has a game called pot farm   seriously   lol
"it's seems that things never get any better, 5 steps forward for 120 back, im really getting tired of this shit!!!"
"hates you, and i hope you die   chew on that biotch!!!!"
house bitches!!!!!!! new season!!!!!
"finally house cuttin, cuddi, chea!!!!"
"come out and support the wounded warriors of <propfemale> at tropical smoothie on <propfemale>, a portion of the proceeds from purchased food at tropical smoothie goes to the wounded warriors of <propfemale>, tell ya friends and family we'll be here till 8pm   come out!!!!"
is waiting for life to begin!!!!!!
"(fbook) needs a text <propmale>, pt in the morning but i'm not sleepy   damn!!!"
"needs a text <propmale>, pt in the morning but i'm not sleepy   damn!!!"
"6according to him, i'm beautiful, incredible and he can't get me outta his head, according to him , i'm finally irresistible everything he wanted, so forg"
6et according to you!!!!!-orianthi
so people have phones now to only text and not answer them    seeiously wtf?????
"we dont fuckin answer phones now,we only text  you have a phone primarily to call, you stupid fucks!!! when you have something to get done, call people and stop fucking texting!!!!!!!! you dumb fucks!!!!!"
feels horrible   ugghhh the sickness!!!!
"titanic on tbs right now, one of the greatest love stories hands down!!!!"
"the <propmale> of manipulation, a truly fascinating way of life   smh"
wants to go horseback riding!!!!!!
"subway says they are the place where winners eat, well it's not fair that they dont atleast tell us where losers can eat cuz i know <propfirst> <propfirst> is hungry too "
"feels like i am entitled to the different things in life, i don't want the finest just the memorable!!!!"
wants to play in the rain!!!!
needs a hug!!!!
"is bored, and blind cuz my glasses are broken"
"is bored, <propfirst> <propfirst> has the audacity to come to my house use my shit to cook him some food and didn't even make me shit    aint that bout a bitch???"
"even though <propfirst> <propfirst> didnt make me anything to eat whilst in my house cookin, he now wants me to make him some cookies    wtf!!!!"
"really needs some sort of vacation, for just a week to worry about absolutely nothing would just be so freaking awesome!!!!"
"so it's raining, i think i'm the only person not happy that it's raining     sad "
"just had the most awesome <propfirst> beiber jam session, i swear if i was a few years younger "
hello book of face    this isnt bianca    guess who it is????               ur right its <propfirst>!!!! lol yea so im bout tired of gettin the puff master 3000 like every <propfirst> day so ima just leave peacefully              dueces! chicka chicka yea!!!
"my friends are so fucking horrible, seriously <propfirst> why????!!!!! they take so much pleasure in fucking up my life!!!!! why???!!!!!"
"so <propfirst> e <propmale> likes to lie and lock people out the room when she get mad, such a bad sport you are which yo vengeful ass, dont get mad cuz yo ass got, got   take it like the man you are!!!"
how do you tell a really close male friend that you're in love with him?
sooo somethings wrong with the iphone 4 or about 6 people respond to texts hella late!!!
needs a job so i can go back to being vegan  uuugghhh!!!! i miss chreese!!!!!
pt test for tomorrow is canceled   regular pt session!!!!
"<propfirst> lohan -age 24, is all over the news again because she's a celebrity drugaddict  while <propfirst> <propfirst> 23, <propfirst> linley 29, <propfirst> weikert29,justus bartett 27, <propmale> <propfirst> 21, <propmale> <propmale> 21, <propfirst> <propmale> 26,<propfirst> <propmale> 21, <propmale> fisher 24, <propfirst> <propmale> 23, christopher      goeke 23, and <propmale> tate 27 are, all marines who   died for usthis week   no media mention    honor them by re posting"
"word to the wise: if nauseous, pt is not your best bet!!!"
feels like this ish is for the birds!!!! uuuggghhh!!!!
"finally realizes the word \family\"" is a figure of speech!!!!"""
now listening to lyfe jennings- busy   if you don't wanna be here let me know    don't just keep me holding on   if you want me to leave you alone let me know   no response? then act like you want me damn!!!!
a politician seeshis family every day; a deployed soldier once in 6 months  a politicianflies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a politician's pension isnot reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a politician has an e playful enseaccount; a soldier must justify extra rations  a politician vows to      defend their country; a soldier keeps that promise  post this if you support our troops!
"thinks it's about time to make that move, i cannot allow circumstances to continue ruining my existence!!!!"
a bih wonders wtf sometimes!!!!!
"has the room to myself tonight   what to do, what to do????"
"you are outta your gourd mcnutty pants, you put a bomb in a mans mouth!!!!"
"call me at 4 and wake me up, call me again at 430 to make sure i'm up, call me again while at the bus terminal and again and wake me up from my nap on the bus, but i'm in gainesville and no one wants to answer their phone    gotta love family   uuugghhh!!!!!"
misses you more than life!
so cali parties last till like 5am!!!
wishes last night could be like every night!!!!
"is known by no one, if you could e playful lore my mind in all it's rawness, you would flip the fuck out   trust me!!!"
is in class doin everything but listening 
"this lady told me in class today that i had beautiful skin, and my teacher commented saying i was gon mess it up when i deploy and get shot   wtf!!!!"
"needs someone who speaks french to feed some stuff into my ear, for this test tomorrow!!!"
"came to my french class to find out my midterm(that i been stressin heavy bout) is open book!!!! <propfemale> be to god,hallelujah god!!!!!!!!!!"
"frago that last update this bitch done changed it to monday, closed book   uuuggghhh #epicfail"
females are catty bitches that lie    that is precisely why i cant stand you hoes!!!!!!! so happy i live like a woman and think like a man   uuugggghhhh
so the flag is still up  wtf!!!!
"soooo im sick as a dog, uuuuuuggghhh i need medicine!!!"
really could use some medicine right now     uuugghhhh!!!!
leave me alone im sick bitches!!!!
"chrisette <propfemale> in the new gym at famu tonight, for free bih all you need is a rattler card   i'm so there!!!!"
so nobody told me that wine freezes
"so i really wish <propfirst> <propmale> didn't come to fam, not only did i just find out who he is but i don't care "
"cannot stand people who complain about nothing, bitch get real problems then come holla at me!!!!!"
"can't fight it anymore, i'm in love with him, you happy, i finally said it!!! i'm an completely irrevocably in love with him    uuuggghhh fml!!!"
says murrhhh!!!!!!
"life makes love look hard, people throw rocks that things that try and shine, your hands are rough but they belong in mine!!!"
"<propfirst> e <propmale> guess what sis   cancer deep inside annoyed  it is difficult for cancer to open up and have a close emotionally \fulfilled relationship with someone because they are so closed off \emotionally and physically to the world  who woulda freakin thought??!!"
i am now open for questions   inbox me!!!
"q: can i take you doooown?\a:  ?, we'll have to see bout all that  lol"
"back to facebook, inbox me!!!!"
penn badgley is so awesome!!!!
"q:where does eurocentral society see you this summer?\a: hopefully working, ldac, in love  and i think you meant euro-centric  lol"
"q:what do you think of me? do you despise my bun buns?\a: despise your bun buns?   no  lol and you really are cool, you my chick forrealz, but you just talk to damn much   mouth of the south!!!!!   lol"
"q annoyed o um whos the new interest in your love life? i know you have one, or two, hell maybe even three or four \a:i actually have two people im infatuated with right now, i love one and i am in love with the other, the only problem is, neither one of them know it and im to afraid to change that "
ask me any question in my inbox
"not on my wall, not via chat, in my inbox "
"q:are your breasts registered weapons yet?\a annoyed mao actually they are, the serial number is tt88736185098437651   lol"
"q: u rememba sleepy time tea? was there really somethin special in it? \and if so   what was it? cuz i wanna up my sleep hours count   an be \like \zzzzz\""\",276aeb3efe31a960554eef207b23b194,i am loving <propfirst>'s parents snuggie!!!!
"happy thanksgiving too all, have a blessed one!!!!"
really contemplating running this 2011 <propfemale> <propfemale> straight through my living room   frances is being such a bitch right now!!!!!!
follow me on twitter @acenubianqueen
pershing dollar jam tonight tonight tonight tonight 1522 <propmale> st (behind the stadium) pershing dollar jam!!!! only $1 for everyone!
so excited about these grades i saw   gonna do even better next semester   yes!!!!
<propfemale> christmas happy kwanza happy hanukah  or whatever your respected holiday is to all!!! have a blessed holiday!!!
im never really on facebook anymore so follow me on twitter @acenubianqueen
"skate inn tonight 7-9 free with military id $2 entry without, 1368 blountstown hwy tallahassee,fl"
"i officially think its time to let go, this is a battle i will never win!"
"i want to see no strings attached \you look like the great pumpkin bitch\""   hilarious"""
"i really truly have the worst roommate in the history of the world, how could you say you didn't know i wanted to go to pt when you saw me sleep in them and i told you to wake me up wtf!!!!!"
i'm not your aunt or your therapist  i will be dr  dixon for everyone no more  i don't care about your problems so don't ask me!!! #selfishtweet
"was told to describe my ideal partner in french class today and i realized i have absolutely no idea of what i want, i know what look and sounds good but no idea of what will make me happy "
i wonder at times if all those who claim to love me really know what they say they love?
will not allow my current situation to uproot and destroy my incredibly bright future 
so happy silienne saint-fleury and vieanna <propfemale> smith was awake to come and get me at 2am or else i would have been stranded in university courtyard!! thanx so much you guys!!!!!
so excited   my cable finally works    yes!!!!! no thanx to comcastt or palmetto south   famu+comcast=#epicfail
"woke up this morning feeling freaking awesome, i wonder what today holds?"
thinks it's bout that time again!!!!
thinks is time for a long talk cuz someone needs to teach me to fix this ish!!!!
i think this is some type of disorder
they called a group of girls prized heifers on the disney channel   seriously?
study-laundry flow lleeggoooo!!!!
"got no time is what you're known to say\i'll make you wish there was 48 hours to each day\your problem is you ain't been loved like you should\what i got to give will sure 'nuff do you good\tell me somethin good!!!"
had so much to do with so little time to do it in   uugghhh fml!!!
"so excited, 90 out of 100 on my first research and design methods test!!!!!!!"
"back on this study flow, well at least after last nights pretty little liars, gossip girl and tonights episode of the game goes off!!!"
"just back from the gym and a run   now to rest, done for the day yes!!!!"
"needs a break from all responsibility, i guess i have to sacrifice now to slack off later    death by aneurysm of the brain!!!!"
"so, if i can't have you, i'll just be single for the rest of my life  i guess thats that!"
needs to know how to fall out of love! feelings are irrational and i need help getting rid of them 
i'm finally letting go!!!! tavarris jamahl andrews would be proud   lol
thinking about getting into some trouble tonight
"i'm happy it's a new day, now, what to accomplish today besides cleaning this room?   lol"
"what is a dream, is it simply what your heart desires? if that were the case <propfemale> vu would be nonexistent"
today is international womens day!!!
"im done lookin for the critics cuz they're everywhere, they dont like my food they dont get my hair change ourselves yeah we do it all the time, why do we do that  pretty pretty please if you ever feel like you're nothing you're fucking perfect to me!!!!!"
"there are over a trillion nerves in the central nervous system and you get on every single one, but thats why i love you"
"i wont speak when i'm spoken to, i speak when i choose, i dont care if you're the prez im gon speak my views, i wont be what you want or what you ask, how about you ladies show your true selves cuz i've already ripped off my mask,i wont cooperate with you, and the ones who do follow these rules i pity these fools  i'm a knuckle poppin, cock blockin, dolla stockin, ear shockin, crude talkin, boot knockin young lady "
"people say <propfemale> you should act like a lady   sure i will if you fuckin pay me,people say i should contain myself, shut up and sane myself but im not, so if you mad im gon piss you off till you sick, how bout this imma get a sex change operation so you and all your lady like stereotypes along with <propfemale> can suck my <propmale>!!!!!"
to love me is to allow me to provide you with a <propfemale> for your thoughts so i may share the wealth and always know whats on your mind    i guess   lol
"i love spartacus   went to sleep watching it, woke up watching it, so awesome it is  a struggle real men had to actually partake in   such ghastly men with such large hearts!!"
feels like doing the most today!!!!
wat is to be done when you look into the eyes of the one you know possesses your heart and their actions betray your shared tender gaze?
"so the only happy sounding communication between my family and i is when they're calling for me to spell, pronounce, or define a word     that's love i guess  "
"sailor <propfemale> is such a naive crybaby    omg, as children people wanted to be like her   fail"
"wants someone to teach me c++, i refuse to read that humongous book!!! uuuggghhhh!!!!"
<propfirst> <propfirst> said that him and the rest of the world has decided that i am going to be alone for the rest of my life
<propfirst> <propfirst> sat in the living room just now and said i would be forever lonely cuz im fat! these people i call friends i tell you
<propfirst> <propfirst> just called me a flippin man bear!!! im bout to slap his ass today!!!
"when you come home late tap me on my shoulder, i'll roll over, baby i heard you, i'm here to serve you "
needs someone to help me get motivated to finish this work
where is superman when you need him?
"look, im not tryna pressure you, just cant stop thinkin bout you, you aint even really gotta be my boyfriend, i just wanna know your name and maybe sometime, we could hook up, <propfemale> out, just chill!!!"
i really regret being different at times?-`? ?oo?
