0941a84f5e3e59f59688d05564e40e6a
thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday 
twins win!!!!!!!!!!
lets go vikings!!!!!!!!
we got a fumble!!!!
vikings win!!!!!!!!
cant wait for the twins game tomorrow
twins won!!!!!!!! we are goin 2 new york!!!!!!!!
2 more classes then its time for playoff baseball
is really bummed out right now
hopes the vikings don't have a let down and also hopes that the twins got another comeback left in them
is bummed out once again
lets go vikings!!!!!!!!
im going 2 see saw 6 on friday!!!!!!!
saw 6 got banned in europe  tomorrow is going 2 be fucking awesome!!!!!!!
lets go saints!!!!!!
the saints won!!!!!!!
baseball is finally back into full swing today which means   let's go twins!!!!!!
"i say 1 thing and i get 60+ comments on it  man, i feel important"
the official opening day of target field is finally here!!! hopefully the twins can open it with a w 
target field here i come!!!
getting my 1st look at target field + a twins win= 1 kick ass saturday!  laugh 
"just got back from a 5 mile run so now its time 2 kick back, relax and watch his favorite team in action   laugh "
figures    the guy i wanted the vikings 2 take was there and the fucking lions took him 
one more week of crookston and then it is home sweet home!!!  laugh 
i am going golfing this weekend  that is one sentence that i thought i would never hear myself say
this time tomorrow i will finally be home!!! laugh 
is in unbelievabley good mood again today!!!  laugh 
"wow, i thought that i couldn't possibly be in a better mood than i was in yesterday but thanks to some wonderful news last night, i am!  laugh "
my self confidence levels are downright scary right now!!!  laugh 
"well, my summer just got the jolt of excitment that it desperately needed!!!  smile "
let's go boise state!!!
holy shit! i just witnessed only the 2nd no-hitter in the history of the postseason  congrats to <propfirst> halladay!
"in honor of the twins opening day friday, put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a yankee fan  being a yankee fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for this and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of twins fans will re-post this, simply becau   se we know how to copy and paste, as well as tie our shoes and win "
