91e0afad0f4cd54d0962bb41b15b0cf2
im with <propmale>! best guy friend in da world  thinkin bout my baby xoxoxo i love you boyfriend love 
with my baby  we are celebrating valentines day early tomorrow night!! im <propfemale> excited  but he has to work saturday & sunday  sad  but im <propfemale>ooo happy
im with the boyfriend went to dinner at the <propfemale> garden for an early valentines day celebration  love  now watcgin him play cod4 lol
did i tell guys already i love him! im a goofball  all of you know it you love it  and  you dont care   smile 
"<propfemale> says  \babe! i have no idea what im talking about \"" devans replies  \""to tell you the truth babe i dont know what youre talking about \"" haha i love you devan m  woods  \""doug\"" hehe"""
with the boyfriend  yay  smile   love 
life is crazy  the world is strange  but these feeling are real  my hearts in his hands  just livin from day to day  thats all i can say 
with my baby for today and tomorrow   feel better mama youre home now 
happy easter everyone! had dinner at devans parents house  had a blast  and happy birthday <propfemale> banana
thinking about my baby  devan   listening to hole  eatting  triple <propfemale> chunk  ben & jerrys  and drawing  perfect day to stay in and clean my clutterfilled room   love 
"dammit rude boy  still stuck in my head  makin brownies for the boyfriend  \i want ya want  so whatcha wan-wan want? give it to me like boomboomboom  what i wan-want want  nah_nah  love me  love me \"" brownies are done lol"""
boyfriend went to work  have the day off but im cleaning and takin it easy  drinkin some perfect coffee  good morning!!
writing lyrics  then im goin to watch shes out of my league 
well not everything is perfect or grand it is extremely unecappably annoying  nothings perfect and in some complex way it is secretly messed up by plan  i mean is there no light to the end of the tunnel ? shall we fight and straddle on until the end only to be dissappointed  i am a dissappointment and i dont know why  life is crazy like a fly trap that s=ates you up or makes you <propmale> until youre unhappy 
"you're all mineyou're alrighti don't mind, nowhen i standby your side, oh talkin bout my babycause we always breakin the moldtalkin bout my babywe don't need no secret code_timbaland"
with devan for the night  having a bonfire! no marshmellows damn! patterson lol
cleaned the house  swept the chimney   (not really) cleaned the floors  washed the windows  cinderilly  <propfemale>  now im spending time with mama  drinkin some coffee & some r&r  take it easy today folks! love ya xoxo
just ate chocolate panckakes not long ago  delicious! made em myself for devan and i   lol  i am so lost  goodnight!  smile 
i dont know exhausted lol  with my baby for the night  so goodnight 
living in the moment has its benefits  love  passion  you feel like youre walking on air   to feel something so strong so powerful for the first time in my life and its a thrill  so my advice to you live your life without remorse or regrets  it maybe scary but at like thats part of the roller coaster  highs and lows  twists and turns  i generally enjoy the loop 
"sometimes id like to make it rain so i could erase the pain  the regrets that eat me up inside tell me that im alive  im alive  id like to think im well but my luck turns with the flip of a switch  sometimes i wish things werent so difficult and i could forget about all the bad things,these scars remind me who i am at the end of the day  and now when i look in the mirrior i can say im happy  not pefect  blessed"
sleepless tonight  work from 8-4 smile 0! too many thoughts keeping me awake  if he only knew how much i love him  baby how could i take you for granted?  sad 
"\i guess its gonna have to hurt  guess im gonna have to cry & let go of somethings i loved to get to the otherside  guess its gonna break me down like falling when youre trying to fly  its sad but sometimesmovin on with the rest of your life starts with goodbye \""-carrie understand """
off to see the navy requiter today  wish me luck im gonna need it more than ever now  lol
just got back from a lovely run  the weeks all work no play  now that i have two jobs & seein the requiter on friday 
everything's changing but importantly this is a transition and im strong  the past is the past so why bother dwelling over what i cannot change  the only thing i can do now is take it one day at a time and let this <propfemale> into something beautiful 
went to see shrek 3 with <propfirst> and chrissie tonight today was a great day   love you baby night
just got out of work hangin with <propfemale> <propmale>
im so fortunate to have a great fanily  wonderful friends  words cant describe how much of a blessing it is to have him in my life  im a lucky woman who realizes what i have so life is <propfemale> 
have the day off  going to see the requiter then hopefully i can relax  other than that im takin advantage of this glorious day  smile 
"\this time ill wont let you go  i will be all that you want  get myself together because you keep me from fallin apart  if i let you down ill turn it all around  to get you through the day and make everythinok  bc without you i dont know what id do  youre all all i need \""_leona <propfirst>"""
i love you chrissie! had the best time last night  <propfirst>  chrissie  my babyboo and i  i love you guys! and i love you d<propfirst> love  
chillin wit my homies  while our wonderful boyfriends play videogames  i love you douuugggg!
just got outta work  its beautiful out waitin for my baby mr woods  its a great day to be alive   love 
with my baby   hanging with some interesting people 
interesting last night  (need i say more?) dammit i still have a full bag of trolli gummy octapus's my only day off i might as well do something with my baby love  love you devan 
"if i had a tear for every regret id be dead  but life is too short to be stuck in the past yet, this is easier said than done  i think thats what god meant when he said he had a plan  to tell us life isnt easy so just enjoy the ride and let it all go  god only knows how much i love you baby "
wasnt a too badly horribly messed up terrible day  it was fantasic  with mr j-sizzle  patterson  my baby mr woods  love   love  ;-d
the wonder twins are halarious!!!! chillin with mr parker  chrissie  my baby and the roomies <propmale> and <propfirst>  lol
everything is changing around me and i have to deal with it  it's not easy but i'm ready to step up to the plate and work for everything i deserve  i will go somewhere with my life and i will make my mama proud  but god knows i need all the luck i can get but with you by my side there nothing we cant do baby 
at work   6-2  happy birthday mamabear  i love you  off tomorrow 
"\do you know when its wrong but it feels so right? nothing in this world could stop us tonight i can do what she could do so much better  nothin in this world could turn out the light  im gonna make ya feel alright \""_paris <propmale> lol"""
work 6-2  boring  then chilling with some friends  im gonna make today a good one  tired of having shitty days bc life is just too short 
with my baby tonight  laugh   and maybe my favourite couple chrissie and mr parker  afterall it is friday nothing can break my fall and ive been looking forward to this evening all day  everyone enjoy the weekend 
its a cold day  do you ever notice how funerals take place on dark dismal days? we will miss you uncle <propfirst> rip 
beavis and butthead do <propfemale> time lol  with dev <propfirst> and chrissie yay  i missed my best friends 
"with d<propfirst> and <propfirst>  lol  looking up info on my soon to be car  1994 <propfemale> cutlass  everythings starting to fall into place, i love you baby  im not afraid"
ten minutes   to scoop two effin scoops of ice cream at the new friendlys on 31  everyone go to great northern  lol  im not kidding 
you know we’ve been down that roadwhat seems a thousand times beforemy back to a closing door and my eyes to the seasonsthat roll out underneath my heelsand you don’t know how bad it feelsto leave the only one that i have ever believed in try to leave a light on when i’m gone something i rely on to get home 
"\i'd rather die in the arms of a lover than a friend  because then at least then id die happily nothing to fear  just a tranquil death where i could find some inner peace  i'd rather die in the arms of my lover because then hed know i loved him as i  but to die in the embrace of my best friend\\lover thatd be sancuary \""-my diary"""
"with boyfriend for the night  love   who knows maybe we will chill with miss chrissie and mr parker tonight  afterall, i bought 2 ibs of wonka <propfemale> (and im not eatting it by myself) god gotta love those strawberry nerds and banana laffy taffy's  i miss ya <propfemale> manning  love  "
cheers* to my dad because without you i wouldnt be the person i am today  i love you so much  thank you for the life lessons  the hard times and all the laughter thats healed all the wounds  you are the best dad; i love you 
everyone says love is hard but what we're really missing is somepart of ourselves that we arent letting go  our insecurities are the only things that hold us back in life well no longer is life about failure its about dedication  my heart is his but my mind is mine but my love is unconditional 
just cant seem to stay mad at anyone but myself  how messed up is that? spent way too much time blaming myself for what i cant change  and people call me perfect but the only thing ive perfected is being someone who isnt good enough  and if you think im perfect im just gonna laugh in your face because thats just not me 
"i'm a soldier, these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge, i'll never fall or fold up,i'm a soldier, even if my collar bone's crush or crumble, i will never slip or stumble, i'm a soldier, these shoulder's hold up so much, they won't budge, i'll never fall or fold up, i'm a soldier, even if my collar bone's crush or crumble, i will never stumble   eminem"
watching the new nightmare on elm street  ill tell you how sucky it is after i watch it  or not  i love you baby  love 
"in the beginning of all relationships  we're equal, unchanged  i finally accomplished something worthy in my life & so head over heels in love  not out to change you just find myself  if i make him want to be a better person then i'm happy  i love you devan m  woods  love my family friends who've stood by myside  no matter what i do you love me at the end of the day  i wouldn't be who i am today love you all "
"\dreaming about the day when you wake up and find what youre lookin for has been here the whole time  if you could see im the one who understands you been here all along so why cant you see  you belong with me?\""_taylor swift"""
"\you can either live on the edge or go off the edge  you can choose sanity and insanity but life is shorter with each passing year  so be grateful for what you have and stop worrying about what you cant change  life is beautiful """
playing mortal kombat ii while loveys at work  its a beautiful day and here i am playing video games listening to eminem  well at least i spent most of the afternoon with the love of my life  xoxo  love 
happy anniversary baby! 6 months doesn't sound like a long time but we're young we have all the time in the world  no need to rush a thing  love you so much dev because of you  i am the  woman i am today & there's no going back if everything is so good  so thank you 
went camping over the weekend with dev & our bestest buds! went swimming today because the weather was perfect and now im worn out 
watching taking lives and lookin at my camping photos  yay!
being grown up is about being able to let all the little things go & know that youre better than those who try to take your pride away  i'm happy  i'm healthy & if that makes you mad then get a life  because i have one  ?
might i say that today was def better than yesterday because i'm with my baby love  not to mention i have the next two days off  what could better than that?
"\this time  this place  misused mistakes too long too late who was i to make you wait  cause ya know i love you  i loved you all along i miss you but far away is far too long \""_nickelback  i love you handsome """
ugh  work from 8-4    with <propfemale> (lol) and gower hehe  then the rest of the day wit my lovey 
food!!!!
"so bad, i'm so good that i'm so bad i guarantee i'll be the greatest thing you ever had cause you ain't ever met nobody like me and you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again \(verse 2) \i'm equivalent to a shot of cuervo first to kiss you naval, work my way down baby you can lay down on the table but you may wanna find something more stable     _eminem love "
"they say to love someone you have to love yourself first  well i believe if you find someone that loves you even when you're completely miserable, feeling ugly & depressed-basically hitting rockbottom-you have nowhere to go but up  you have no choice but to love & all you can feel is yourself drowning in it "
one of my fave couples just got married  congrats to mr jx and miss <propfemale> j  now youre offically a yeaney  best of luck to the both of you  i love y'all 
spent the day with my baby   played a pathetic game of bball  then went back home to just relax  work tomorrow 6-2 ick! but other than that text the phone tomorrow if no ones busy and wants to chill  goodnight 
out to dinner with mama and some of her friends 
its my birthday   thanks to all of you who wished me a happy birthday  can't believe im 20!!! its gonna be a great night and im ready for some birthday fun   love 
watching better off dead with <propfirst> cusack  waiting for my baby to get home  work tomorrow 8-4 text the phone and get at me  night night
no work tomorrow  not really feeling so hot so imma bout to turn in and call it a night  sleep! yay!
work all week   then off to the fair on friday with my basby  and <propfirst> and chrissie im estatic  that's right estatic!
"havent been on aim in over two years  had 2226 emails im not sry i have a life & dont sit in my mom's basement like a dirrty pedophile  sadly i subjected myself to thinkin tht maybe after 2 yrs id be more popular, oh well just sitting here w  one of my roomates "
had an off day  got sick  slept for about four hours  now im just waiting for boyfriend and our friends to get home  work from 8-4 tomorrow get at me  night 
getting over some stupid seasonal cold  damn i hate being sick  well work from 6-2  then going to mama's tomorrow night  laugh   love 
"that's what you get when you try to mess with me or anyone i love   a backhand so hard it'll make your head spin  here i  laugh while <propfemale> lets you fall because people who envy others need to get other themselves  so now it's done, your intentions backfired in your revolting demon face & everything underneath  how does that <propfemale> taste?"
life goes on   and all that matters is my family  my closest friends  & my baby  other than that: thats all i need in this life without all that crazyness because ive already moved on from that & im a grown ass woman  thanks mom! thank you baby for making me see all the wrong and make it right  xoxo  love 
hungout with mama and chick tonight before heading back to oswego; but even though i was with my mom i wasn't allowed to enter a bar after 9 pm  how whacked is new york?    (very!) don't worry i  hate you too  i wish texas wasn't over 1500 <propmale> away  i could use some <propfirst> <propmale> & some good ole' southerners right now  lol
its a lazy saturday chillin with miss lisa  waiting for some more excitement  like im not already overly amused
what better place to be than home? afterall home is where the heart is and my hearts definately in the right place  with my baby and right at this moment that's all that matters  i love you baby 
"today has been one of those days that where you know you should e playful ect the une playful ected,but you don't know how that that shock until it's staring right at you   it leaves you in a state of a caution  vulnerability  and a slight sense of inconfidence  rip  grandpa <propfirst> 12 26 09 you are missed more than you know "
"everything happens for a reason  maybe thats the gut-feeling that e playful lains why you found me & i fell so hard for you  the feeling are so raw, so pure and my love is true  just wanted the world to know how amazing my man is, i love you devan "
this past weekend has been horrific!  case and point i don't need to e playful lain in drastic detail of the last few days  first of all i can't stand people who can't drive  stay off the road! second   i hate drama  and last but not least   i'm completely sick of mindless drones who hate their lives  guess it's time to move on & turn some negatives into positives 
thanks to kevkev <propfirst> i would make a really good spouse    well can't try if not given the <propmale> lol  i know i'd be an awesome wife! lets hope my man does   jkjk
i'm tired of saying that im going to make something of myself and never do it!    well this year i've turned a new leaf & i'm not longer procrastinating any longer it's time to be somebody!
crusin wit ashley  babysitting later   so hit me up if ya wanna chill tomorrow night 
"my man's at work    back at home just trying to pass the time till i get see my baby again  yep, <propfemale> it's always about you  omg! anyway hit me up if anyone wants to chill  other than that it's time for a nap "
"just when you think you know all the people in your life, it's time to realize nobody is what they appear to be  there's always something deeper  darker  or something new to discover  i know who i am, & i know who i am not  i am who i am and that's not gonna change "
spent too much time stressing over what i cannot change so now it's time to get my booty in gear  yeah   but it's ok to have laugh's and make memories along this crazy winding road  i love you baby  love 
"it's freakin wett outside!!! i'm drenched from head to toe because of today's little adventure to over-crowded superstores, with one of my best girlfriends in the whole entire world!-sorry <propfemale> it's not about you today-  sad  lol  now, i'm home for the night and work tomorrow  so   the cell's on so text me! other than that everybody in nys stay dry "
i feel so in depthly curious about all my surroundings! it's scary and no i'm not on anything 
"my boyfriend suprised me today and gave me a silver necklace, told me he loved me & made my year  devan you're my everything baby i love you so much  i hope you read this and smile because i know you will   smile   love "
"worked on my day off  what a blast! <propmale> you're such a gower! (i want that in two bags!  wahaha) work the rest of the week but i can't wait till friday! other than that off to babysit dev's little brother, then the fun starts all over again tomorrow  peace!"
"they say you don't know what you have till it's gone, so i'm not about to let you slip through my hands  i'm so blessed to have you in my life baby  this also goes out to  my family and friends i love all of you unconditionally, and to the big man upstairs at least somethings are coming into place  and for that i'll take nothing for granted  nope, not in this life time!"
"watching beetlejuice! anyway it's <propfemale> ryder in her darker -before emo- days  & <propfirst> keaton show's that he can take his acting skills to whole new level by not wearing any makeup, and not practicing oral hygiene, but it's certainly one of his best roles  (i don't know about you but i think i just overanalyzed <propmale> <propmale>'s creation but how can anyone not appreciate his work!?) work tomorrow night "
"dear devan,\   i got your message but it just wasn't you  oh well, at least i got to hear your sweet voice  can't wait till you come home  god bless your family and i love you very much  \ your girl,\            <propfemale>  love \p s  wish you were here!"
"life is crazy, people are mentally unhinged and in the mist of it all we are always caught in between transitions  if you believe in fate, love and hope that everything will turn out ok then why worry so much  i've spent my whole life worrying bout what i cannot change & we should all learn to cope with life's une playful ectantcies & make our own happiness  that's what life's all about"
my roomate just told me he was gonna kill me in my sleep   (joking of course!)   i think   ughh  work tomorrow 6-12 goodnight
chillin wit my girlygirl ashash  then work tomorrow  love you devy  love 
"just hanging with my girl ashers, and some peeps of mine  i just have one thing to say to all you crazies get a life! mind your business and get over yourselves  you only live once so get it right and live your life  best of luck to all my friends and family may you find happiness in this cold twisted world  i know i have, and as for myself i'm at peace "
chillin with some of the crew about to have a bombin night  work tomorrow then off to see my baby  i miss you boyfriend!
back home  i missed my baby and i love you so much! wait    i took one for the team! get ready set  hike  hike! you know what it is ladies!
"the 3 things that make my world is my family,friends,& my better-half  family because no matter what they'll always have your back  friends to help you  & you dev because we are perfect for one another, & there's no one else that makes me feel the way you do, you're amazing! i couldn't imagine life without you baby  may all of you <propfemale> the ones you love, and truly love the one you're with "
it's my favourite holiday  halloween!!!! chillin with <propfemale> and her family tonight and getting ready for a night of trick or treating  who says you're too old to be a kid? even if it's for one evening  post pix later! later   !
"home tonight with my baby  after every disagreement i always learn something new about my baby  it's a crazy exciting relationship  sometimes a big blowout is the way to go, but in the end fighting isn't any good  you learn to listen and want to change for the better with him by your side  i love you devan, yes i'm the biggest cheese ball! work tomorrow night "
watermelon jolly ranchers are the best!! watching two and a half men & planning my friday out  have tomorrow off spending most of the day with my baby 
listening to good songs of the past makes you realize that there will always be a future  it hold's onto the belief that theres always a way to take a disaster and turn it into something beautiful and longlasting; just like us  you're worth everything to me baby-my love for family is unconditional-but you're my best friend 
"work at 7-2, four hours of sleep  other job 8-4  then back to bed  stop  rewind  repeat   ! gotta love that money! who cares if you lose 2 days worth of sleep! might as well set my switch to zombie mode  starting   now!"
"growin up is easy to do,it's letting go of the past that's hard  now i can look in the mirror, smile & know its <propmale> behind us  thank you mama & dad for showin unconditional love at my worst best  tomorrow's gone, today's where we stand  blessed to have crossed paths with those who have inspired me -you know who you are-believin in you has given me the ignition to see everything happens for a reason  i love you"
"\this is to our babydaddys!\""-lauryn to stephy  gotta a bad magraine bout to go to bed  don't think ill make it to work tomorrow if this continues  night!"""
"ya know what?the last couple of weeks have been crazy stressful, sleep deprivation, & completely irritable!call me a sore loser but working two full time jobs is asking for trouble  fell asleep lookin at the donut wall this mornin lol! thanks baby for being here  goin through the same damn thing  i love you, & i'm glad there's only one more week left until all this is over  i'm gonna miss all of you at dunkin!  sad "
"overslept this morning  uh-oh felt horrible but what are ya gonna do? shit happens  it's gone and done  work tonight 7-2, then dunkin 6-12  round 2! other than that  i miss you mom & dad! on a positive note   keishkeish is doin much better!!!  laugh "
"somehow between yesterday and today i've managed to sleep over 18 hours!-it was well deserved -now it's time for some fun no work today, all play! hanging with my girl ash, then some more fun  then stephy & <propmale>'s (all i have to say is  get ready babygirl ) tgif for sure!!"
another double shift lets all hope i don't pull all my hair out in the next couple days  wish me luck!
"life goes on, changing our minds but at the end of the day you better know who you are or you might just look in the mirror & lose yourself  i for one know who i am  i love my friends, family, the people who have changed me & have inspired me to do right & be better than the old me -this goes out to mom  dad  loving caring family  my bestie's <propfemale> & stephy  & my baby & best friend devan m  woods  love "
"beauty is in the eye of the beholder  remember that! you are the most beautiful person i've ever laid eyes on  the only one i've had take my breath away  you are my world, my everything  after seeing so many destruction in my own life, i'll always look at you when rock-bottom hits us & i won't take you for granted ever  i'll hold onto you  make you happy no matter what it takes "
"after having not one but two thanksgivings! you realize more and more how much family, friends, & your man matter more than anything in this world  i'd do anything for you guys  i'll always be thankful to have you in my life  love you!"
just chillin at least i went to my parents today (i missed them so much ) work from 6-2  just spending time with my baby and some friends  then bed  goodnight sweet dreams 
"chilling with my homies, and apparently it's ok to see wwe live and in person  the two lovebirds kicking one another's butts  time to go see <propfemale>, then bring home the new couch  so excited, just not about lifting it "
and then  ! andthenandthenandthenandthenandthenandthen      bout to eat some chinese  shower  and wait for my man to get home  thank you for the couch <propfirst> and mr tom  love ya guys  can't wait to see my baby! xoxox  love   love 
ugh! get sleep must be the rain or the fact that i fell asleep at 9  either way i should be sleeping   night 
good luck ma<propfemale>! mom's surgery is today and everything is going to be ok  you're a strong wo<propfemale>n <propfemale>  dev and i will be there  love you!
family  friends  & my baby are the only people that matter to me  to all of you; thanks for always having my back  to mom & dad you're the most important influences and without you guys i'd be lost  to my baby  best friend you're amazing & i couldn't imagine life without you  just thought some appreciation to those most important in life was well deserved   love   love 
"i have the world's most incredible boyfriend & today is his birthday  happy birthday baby! today is your day & you deserve nothing but the best  have a wonderful 20th birthday, and a wonderful upcoming week  i love you devan!  love "
"hanging with my buddies! work tomorrow  and then i don't know, whatever the day brings  love you baby thinkin bout ya "
at <propfirst> and <propmale>'s waiting for my baby  have the next two days off  finally!
"things are changing, & from here on out it's gonna be better  once we get on our feet we will have absolute and complete freedom  wait and see baby we are gonna be alright  love you more than i've loved anyone "
hanging out people who care about me  besides my family  & my baby  soon baby i'll see you  i love you devan
hanging out with my mama tonight  thanks for the homemade soda and bbq chicken pizza  love you mama 
"sorry about being so busy on the holidays    but yesterday was the best \christmas ever! love you baby  happy belated christmas to all those i didn't get in touch with over the phone "
monday night football  with the boys  <propfirst>  and my baby    
after every bad thing comes a positive and so they say time heals everything  i'd rather heal time with you and make nothing but good memories    
"with my roomies   you know what it is! bout to go see my baby and have a great day  time for something's to change and get my shit together, and make this happen  love you guys! love you baby you are my everything "
"nothing is perfect, not in the least! no matter how close we look at it  there's always more to the picture, more than what meets the eye but at the end of the day i know what i want  who i need in my life, & thankful even when i know i'm not perfect  you only live once, & understanding is part of a solution "
ash n' <propmale> grems goin out 2 lunch!!! yeahhhh   ! then movies tonight!
about to turn in for the night  this week has been crazy so tgif! other than that i can only hope everything will turn out ok  (ten minutes to midnight  ) happy one year baby  may there be many more i love you devan woods!
chillin with ash n' tom   then my baby will be here  get ready for a fun night baby!  smile 
just had an amazing thanksgiving like dinner with my baby  & some good friends  thanks mom for teaching me how to make that homemade gravy! and most importantly i'd like to thank <propfemale>'s and my baby for cooking this delicious turkey  ?
baby went to work  just chillin and waiting for my baby to comeback!  love 
as time goes on  no matter how hard you try you can't change anyone but yourself  (and that's if you're willing to lose who you once were to make yourself realize that not just you  but everyone has flaws ) seeing the world in a different light makes you open to just about everything but in a way it make you put your defenses up even more  now i see more and more you're the one for me baby   love 
syracuse vs  pittsburgh  game on! lets go orange 
"hanging out with an old friend, catching up before he leaves for bootcamp on monday  may the good times continue and <propmale> comes back as the few and the proud  semper fi! miss you mikey and love you guys!"
its litterly two degrees out  freezing  brrr! cant wait till baby gets back from buffalo  love you baby 
"hanging with my baby, have tomorrow off and it's gonna be a great night and a wonderful day tomorrow!  love   laugh  love ya babyboy!"
went downtown to syracuse at 10 am  it took us half an hour to finding a parking stop  hanging at patterson's drinkin coffee and watching the guys play zombies  cant wait till march 
just relaxing then off to bed  work at six
"\i'm gonna beat you like a red headed step child!\""-williamson! have the next two days off  hanging with patterson and <propmale> till dev gets out! it's nazi zombie time!"""
"happy valentines and single awareness day to all  love you baby! you are my world  my best friend  and the best boyfriend i could ever ask for  aimez vous mon <propmale> bébé, mon amour  love   love "
only day off this week  so today is gonna be a fun  no if ands or buts kinda day  gotta go to best buy  dmv  car wash  bank  laundry  all kinds of fun  hit us up if ya wanna do something   love  can't wait to chill with you chels!
work at 8  shower  then bed  with my baby what could be better?! -absolutely nothing - i'm with my favorite person in the whole world!
only 6 months until summer  plenty of time to get that summer bod back  time to shape up and get this ass in gear  i'm so ready!
hanging with <propmale> and <propfirst>  waiting for baby to get outta work  oswego for the night  no work tomorrow for once  lets look at the glass half full -startng with the good news-went to lunch with the best people ever! the bad news is our future landlord is trying t scam us & pull a fast one  either way we will be ok and i'm goin to enjoy my day off 
playin bunco with chels  <propmale>  brit  cant wait to see my baby 
had a busy day at work from 6-1 then for the last hour it was smooth sailing for there  waiting for hubby to get outta work  which is less than an hour and i'm syked  moving into our first place in four days   love  love you babe!
sometimes you gotta let the good things happen and work together on evacuating the bad out of your life  then you can be completely and truly happy before you take that step  3 days baby love you!
"moved into our place yesterday and with it being two wonderfully exciting exhausting days  time to relax , unwind and hope i get part-time at <propfirst>'s soon  love you babe (so glad we have our own place) you are amazing "
"at home  while baby's at work  what to do? maybe i'll clean, be a lazy bum, or make dinner  mhm   "
made my first homemade meal last night  garlic & <propmale>  italian breaded chicken  pasta  and roasted tomatoes  yay im so proud  (even if its over food) 
shit! my phone fell in the toliet (by accident) and i'm sure its gone for good  i have such horrible luck with phones  so hit me up through here or you'll know where i'll be 
"it has been a pretty hectic day  for being an <propfemale> day, it's been unlucky to being lucky (if that makes any sense!) dev woke up with an allergic reaction to laundry detergent but with a trip to the doc's it's all cleared up now  lets pray for the rest of the day to be sane  anyway about to relax & sit back and eat one of my faves  (corned-beef & cabbage)  love  love you babe  happy st patrick's day to all!!  love   love   love   love "
got back from <propmale> &megs!  love  <propmale> out with my fave little brother kev  great time with y'all  just got out the shower and now it's time to get ready for work tomorrow and then fun time with <propmale> & chels  love   love  can't wait!!
"went to urgent care this morning, turns out i have strep throat  on amoxicilian for 10 days  my hubby is the greatest  miss you already aj!"
went back to work today after 3 days  man am i exhausted  whew! had fun hanging  with some old friends last night  (you guys are da bomb!) now at home waiting for my baby to get home to canoodle with him   love 
"about to chill with chrissie, <propmale>, <propmale> and his girl  and my baby's at work from 2-10 (so hopefully i wont feel so much like the 5th wheel ) lol  good thing i love my fiancee'  jkjk"
"with my baby, chrissie and <propmale>! yay! work at 6 night"
its taken years to find peace and <propfemale> in my life  its not about being selffish  ecentric  or complete oblivious after all this time you realize you cant change people  their actions or anything else  all you can do is live your life no matter how young they say i am for being engaged  in reality it doesnt matter what anyone thinks  we're not kids anymore but we are still growing at every age 
"got home from work    (ugh!!) time for crunches, push-ups  laundry  cleaning  & then finally a shower after a hectic day at a coffee-shop  text me  hopefully hanging out with people later  hit me up!!!"
on break    stuck at work till 2  cant wait to get out of here! go home   play with <propfemale>  call outback  and then chill off tomorrow 
watching some b-rated horror movie called summer's <propfemale> with <propfirst> greene in it  waiting for my baby to get home so we can go shopping for food! yes!
