36f95d90f8a73de4b06d89a796795a3c
forgot i made this account    
back hurts  going to a movie    and i love twitter 
transformers in less than 36 hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile   smile 
transformers was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"worst day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! broke mirror on my car, rained on like crazy at work, took forever to get home, spilled icecream all over me, and <propfirst> <propmale> dies  someone kill me now, the day isnt over "
relaxed  smile 
i need to add all my photos on here    but im too lazy
i need to post all these pictures i have    but im lazy!!!!  sad 
i miss <propfirst> <propmale> *cry*
i was going to post alot more pictures but facebook was being dumb and kept freezing    *angry*
"nevermind, somehow they made it  smile  i take back the dumb comment facebook  *happy again*"
everyone take my quiz that i made!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"yeah! great night, congrats reese and <propfirst>!"
sleepless night will be covered up by coffee    to the extreme  smile 
"so i have been fighting it for months now and now ive given in  facebook, im finally back  smile "
craving starbucks    
craving satisfied  smile 
i think a cactus is a good graduation gift        well you would understand if you knew the person    
ugh! leave it to work to put you in a bad mood  sad 
yellow toad is the best  smile 
uploaded pics from the cruise like 7 months ago
its raining    a lot     dont like this 
"so i just watched the bet awards (well kinda) and im happy i didnt sit through all of it  but ill tell ya this, <propfirst> brown is no mj but he did a good job tryin  cryin was a lil awkward tho  and i hate keysha <propmale> singing airplanes    hate    hate    hate  and no beyonce performance!!!!hate!!!!!> sad "
ridin solo
"everybodys going to the party have a real good time, dancing in the desert blowin up the sunshine"
is there something going on that i dont know about? streets are empty and so is walmart  im freakin out a bit!
ya know whats amazing? ramen  nuff said  laugh 
so  avatar was ok  why do directors think they have to change the storyline of an already great story? cuz this could have been amazing now its just frustrating
in a semi-good mood right now  finally posted a bio  and im happy with it  my parents and sister just got a new car too!
is so tired he doesnt want to move
it would be amazing if the sky would open up and rain babies  it would be epic!
i just parallel parked for the first time ever and did it in one try  smile 
i have a tan line  sad 
you know those days when you dont want to do anything! yeah thats how i feel today  sad 
"i really hate new mexicans that cant drive, which is pretty much all of them    "
"so today actually ended pretty good, who knew that work could put you in a better mood? lol"
my phone is stupid
i am batman
"never gonna see the day that i aint got the upper hand  im respected from californ-i-a, way down to japan"
im gettin a new phone tomorrow!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
i love my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i need to go to sleep, put the phone down jaymz, put the phone down!!!!! lol"
never thought i could love a machine so much      this is probably the start of the rise of the robots      crap    
"im more than just an option, refuse to be forgotten, i took a <propmale> with my heart, and i feel it taking over "
"ahhhhhhh!!! i hate humidity! its the exact opposite of what it should be here  no wind, overcast, and super humid!  sad "
"is so busy and so tired, i dont like this combination  sad "
i loved salt  people will disagree with me but i dont care  it was action packed and had a great story  im still thinkin about it now  inception betta watch out
"so its been raining here, steadilly for like 5 hours now  and i cant believe im sayin this, but i like it  but i would like it more if i was at home for the past 5 hours -_____-"
"so glad i graduated, cuz this time of the year really sucks for those that gotta go back "
so yesterday i shaved off all my hair on my head     on accident  sad  now all i got is <propfemale> stubby hairs on my head 
i am a jedi ninja  <propfemale> is my padawan 
"so as of right now, i have officially caught up on my time for the year  thats right in 11 months ive done 770 hours  bring it on august   "
my computer has some virus on it so now i can't use it  sad  of course this happens on the day the new linkin park song comes out :''''(
"so i just saw inception again, and it just confirmed my original thoughts about it  its good to know i'm not crazy! well not completely crazy "
ahhhhh!!!! its gonna floooooood!
after you dig thru the ditches what are you supposed to do?
i am in such a bad mood right now  i didn't know it was possible to hate someone as much as i do right now    
"o and for all of you keeping track, yes i'm still at work  we closed at 9 "
on the road again! these next 6 hours better go quick!  smile 
phoenix
"had a great time in phoenix, <propmale> wit some amazing peeps as always and kicked butt in smash bros, as always lol lol i love that game and the laughs it brings  smile  and food was amazing!!!!!!!!"
i'm not racist or anything but i swear i saw <propfirst> <propfemale> at a gas station on the way home     
"if your reading this, whether we talk often or not, post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into   your head  when your done, post this on your own status  why not? its always fun to remember  smile "
"for now, all is good in the world, cuz i have found my missing socks  smile "
ditches are deadly  stay away 
"btw everyone, <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world = epic  one of the best movies ever "
"wow, i cant spell apparently, that last post was supposed to say this guy wont win anymore races     "
"*sigh* so pioneer school starts tomorrow, and ive been so nervous that im sick to my stomach for the last 2 days  sad  i planned to have tonight as my last night to rest and do nothing, but then i was told i have to study for tomorrow  sad  goodbye social life, see ya in 2 weeks  sad  hello pioneer school  smile "
"so, i had the best pioneer school possible  no one else's can compare  playful  lol"
"840 hours down, wednesday 840 hours to go    "
"i hate it when you remember to do something, and then as soon as you get up to do it you forget what you needed to do      "
just went thru my first dui check point     it was scarry! lol
it kills me not to know this but i've all but just forgotten-
just found a scorpion in my house!!!!!  sad 
who knew wedding receptions could be so emotional lol 
and this is for all yall that dont think i post enough  playful 
*sigh* i really need to go to sleep  annoyed 
"so i just djed my first party, and i did a freakin good job if i may say so myself  laugh "
days like this i really just don't like best buy 
"arms!!!!like!!!!!nooooodles!!!!!!!!!!!!!\working out is a killer "
is sooo not funny when you sneeze then whimper cuz the pain from your abs      and then your family laughs >_>
<propfirst> has my phone!!!!!  smile 
is sleepy tired exhausted worn out need to sleep  indecision 
"ahhhh-choo!!!      ?(-???•?)?    if\you're allergic to bullcrap, drama queens, head games, liars, two-faced\fake people, keep this sneeze going   "
"wonder how many of us really know everyone on our facebook friend list?? here's a task for you! i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status and you'll be amazed at the results you get! muhahaha!!!"
"yeah, just found out my great aunt died today, she pretty much raised me from when i was a baby till i was 8  so yeah, im emotionally unstable, dont know what im gonna do next  crying "
"soooo, just found out that the term emotionally unstable isnt exactly what i thought it ment lol so im not that bad, i swear, i just dont know when or if this will hit me  but i really appericate everyone and your kind words  smile  you make it easier to deal with in a weird way  thank you all "
"so, its official, the pioneer meeting is the best meeting ever    "
straws are the best things ever     until they make you look like an idiot    
"there is nothing like talkin, laughing, and sharing stories with good friends to send a bad day down the drain "
its funny how music  playing during work can make a day soooooooooooo much better  smile 
i love how it costs 2 dollars to get in to a dollar theater -___-
like this status and i'll   (1)tell you something i've learned about you by looking at your wall (2) tell you the color you remind me of (3)share my first memory of you (4) pick an animal that reminds me of you (5) ask something i've always wondered about you (6) tell you my favorite thing about you (7) give you a weird nickname ( smile  challenge you to post this 
its sad how easily i get lost trying to find something at walmart     
parents home!  smile 
"i miss the good old days   when you can go on a road trip and sleep like a rock, wake up, and your there  sad "
"ahhhhhhh kansas, why must you be so boring  sad "
i am so too school for cool 
home!
"i do love that burst of energy i get at night, room is sparkling clean, and all before 12  smile "
rock band 3!!!!!!!!
i'm home sick watching my family play rock band    ahhh i do love them lol  smile 
i do love fried chicken!
i wanna go snowboarding so bad! >:-{
i'm leaving work now      its 12: 35      i hate work
so is weezer required to make two bad albums for every good one they make????
"im really ready to change my profile pic, *sigh* i just need to take new pictures  indecision "
one of the best episodes of community ever
nooooooooooooooooo! not the talon!!!!!!!!!! :' (
yay im on phoenix time again!!!!!!  smile 
"sometimes i want to copy someone's status, word for word, and see if they notice"
one month from tomorrow       
"pretty proud of myself, i have just made the best breakfast burrito ever!"
food poisoning blows 
"ok, i'm a rihanna fan again  laugh "
b e p {dirty bit}
<propfirst> pan was gay?????  surprise 
"its funny that months ago when i first heard runaway i hated it, now i can't get enough of it"
i wanna go snowboarding soooooooooooo bad!!!! >:-{
i'm done! done done done done done done done!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
i see snow!  smile   smile   smile 
"so you know that dance called the jerk? ya that's right, i can do it "
two week notice        
"i think its now official, <propmale> is now the worst city ever lol"
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same"
"ok, so yesterdays episode of smallville was one of the best episodes of smallville ive seen in such a long time! i hate that fact that this is the last season!!!!!!!!"
"i kissed his girl and i liked it, \the taste of her <propfemale> chapstick,\i kissed his girl, just to try it,\hope her boyfriend dont mind it  laugh "
"so, it seems like imma have to do something i havent done in a long time  buy a cd  <propfirst>, december 14th"
ugh just realized i turn 21 on a monday  sad 
could you please atleast go the speed limit!
ugh i really should be packing     just cant bring myself to do it       
"ok, so done packing for today  pretty much everything is packed up except for my clothes, tv and game stuff  took about 3 hours  lol seems like this week is going by so fast!"
"goodbye new mexico peeps, you will be missed :' ("
"hello phoenix peeps, i love you  smile "
"i leave cold cloudy weather, and its been nothing but cold cloudy weather      lame"
"people are hilarious, especially at airports "
"starbucks and a sandwich-thingy from bk, ahhhhhhh breakfast of champions  smile "
"goodbye az, i miss you  sad "
"hello nm, i love you  smile "
"what's this you say? snow in rio rancho? not possible  oh wait, your leaving today jaymz? and you can't go snowboarding here? then yeah snow sounds about right "
kansas was      fun believe it or not! had lots of fun with family and friends  looks like i'm gonna have to do this again!  smile 
"public announcement to all drivers in greater new mexico areas, left <propfirst> is for passing >:-{ that is all "
is tired of traveling and ready to get home 
i don't like     people  indecision 
"day 1 of not so new, new job    done  smile "
corndogs from a gas station is such a horrible idea     ugh what was i thinking  sad 
"sterling: \i think i'm a challenged oriental person \"" \",36f95d90f8a73de4b06d89a796795a3c,"so i never watch the news (mainly cuz im doing more important things while its on) and i have realized that that was the best decision ever  i just watched a news report on the possibility of popcorn burning someone  it was considered a \highlight\""  indecision  talk about slow news day    """
snowboarding!  smile 
someone needs to tell diddy to lose the grill  he looks like a homeless person 
"i hate grocery stores, they intentionaly make me look stupid >:-{"
"ok, i hate it when you spend all this time hunting for cheap gas, finally find cheap gas, fill up, then drive by the next two gas stations and they are cheaper > sad "
all day training this weekend and next weekend for the second time in 4 years i think  ugh long live best buy     
come on commercials!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
wooooooot!
wooooooooooooooot wooooooooooooooot wooooooooooooooot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wooooooooooot  wooooooooooot wooooooooooot  wooooooooooot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot woooooooooooooooooooot
"so i just found out that for almost 21 years now, social security has had my birthday as feb 16th not the 14th  i feel like im in some thriller type movie and things are about to get really bad "
worst day at work ever! i've never wished i was 21 more than i do right now 
oh brother! so true 
chipotle is bomb-tastic
do not like the new gaga track  will not be letting that one grow on me 
when do the  grammys start?
i am number 4        was awesome!
i hate relying on people 
i think i broke my computer  sad face
"is @an <propfemale> pub, its open mic night  this is interesting "
"acoustic don't stop believin and a dance off at the same time, i love pubs"
"getting things done, feels amazing  smile "
"jaden: \did you know christ killed a fig tree!?! when i read that i was like jesus!\"" \",36f95d90f8a73de4b06d89a796795a3c,i really don't like people right now    
"this goes to facebook, who would win in so fight? batman vs ironman  vote"
"great way to start a day trip back home, dead battery      "
so sick of driving
"curse you american idol  i was doing so good this year and not watching it, i go home and watch one episode, and i'm hooked!"
i love angel fire!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate my brain sometimes
success!
"battle la, was pretty good  7 5?"
tsunamis scare me  i hope everybody in japan is ok  sad 
"live in your world, play in mine "
the other guys          is hilarious!  smile 
ahhhhhhhh!!!!!! humidity go away!!!!!!
i hate traffic lights        
stupid coffee cookie    i'm wide awake  troubled 
yes! back to bed i go!!!!!!  smile 
i have created the best tasting punch ever  smile 
i walk into the cheesecake factory and the fire alarms go off  coincidence? i think not  wink 
"this is long overdue, facebook fights round 2: who would win in a fight? thor or the green lantern? vote"
"oh if people could read my mind, i wouldn't have any friends "
"hello, good morning  in a good mood  work don't you ruin it!!!!"
craving ice cream      
do love it when customers come in and just ruin a good day     
i don't wanna go to work!  sad 
cold stone has new stuff!!!!!!??????!!???!!!!?? omg omg omg omg best news ever!
"you know, i say this all the time, but i truly just don't like people  they just can't keep their mouths shut and worry about themselves  cause of so many problems    "
"ok, just checked out the 3ds, and i was worried, i'll admit, but its freakin awesome  go nintendo"
bam! poison up in your body! lol lol lol
its so hot! and i'm loving it!  smile 
"rofl, people are so racist  lol"
"just incase i take up cannibalism, i would like to know how my friends taste  so please if you would, list what you eat on an average day, and i'll rate how tasty you are  thank you  laugh "
"ugh, so today i wake up late, late leaving to work, get stuck in construction traffic, and when i get to work i find out i'm 20 minutes early  indecision "
this has been the slowest most boring day ever     and i'm enjoying it  smile 
"oh no, i just discovered all 6 seasons of lost is on netflix  goodbye free time "
lost is freaking me out
