e2c72097fa20d7d3271a83a1fe0663b0
is fed up with ihs 
"for people who look at my info <propfemale> and don't know i am not a communist, it is just a joke from ihs "
is glad he has a late start today 
is going to have a test everyday this week   sad 
just found out that in <propfemale> one of the their pop <propfemale> is called discobitch!
is there any history homework we have to do?
i have 5 facebook friends named <propfirst> and 4 friends named <propfirst>  you guys need to get more original names 
i have 5 facebook friends with birthdays today so i wish you all a happy birthday 
i finished my position paper!!!
one day and one final left  i just might make it 
i have to get up at 5 smile 0 to go to salem  screw that and screw early mornings 
straight a's baby!
i'm finally reading the communist manifesto   it took me long enough 
"who really knows me? \what is my   full name,nickname, eye color, best friend, birthday, and favorite color? \put this on your status and see who really knows you "
finally saw inception  now i don't feel left out 
does this number ring a <propfemale> (541) 839-1111 ?please tell me if it does 
"i am pissed, who thinks this is a good idea  what gives someone the right to hand out personal information that isn't theirs?!?"
"i'm sorry for seeming like a freak on facebook but someone really had me going with their prank call  for those who don't know me that well i am not as crazy as i may have seemed last night  \\p s  never post anything when you're freaked out you will seem insane "
my neighbor's deck caught on fire  one more story to tell  the good news is the firefighters came quickly and the fire is out 
"is now in morning ihs which is fine, but i am no longer in band, soooooo "
just spent the entire day moving stuff out of the basement and washing the walls  sounds like home improvement 
"one of the funnier criticisms i've gotten    \\your paint looks soggy\""\",e2c72097fa20d7d3271a83a1fe0663b0,for 24 hours you can ask me one question to my inbox and i will answer it  you have my full honesty  i dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you 
thank you for all the birthday wishes and to everyone who made today great 
"i didn't get any homework for my birthday, possibly the best birthday gift of all "
"finished the graph on the ib lab, now i just have the conclusion and to clean up the write up as a hole for tomorrow  this may be doable "
"man kitzhaber isn't leading, what is the world coming to?"
hence forth this weekend will be remembered as the weekend of movies 
did we have homework for lit?
"confess something you've always wanted to tell me (inbox only please)  then, copy and paste this as your status and see what you get "
"i am not looking forward to physics tomorrow  at least it's better than getting teeth pulled, which i get to enjoy friday "
i got wisdom teeth out and the laughing gas has mostly worn off  it is time to start feeling the pain 
i am not looking forward to my speech  the first of the class  not fair 
there was a <propfemale> cather question on jeopardy tonight  this must be a sign about my speech 
the quest <propfemale> isn't loading     shit!
"go to \call me duck\"" on youtube to see why auburn is awful  there tons of auburn fans spamming the comments  at least oregon is showing its class by supporting the ducks and not taking shots at auburn """
i hate the quest assignments  it won't let me see the questions 
two more classes  i'm going to make!
black swan   wow  people should go see it 
"went to see itzhak perlman in concert, he is one of the greats "
rip to my fellow south students  my heart goes out to those that have just lost a friend or a family member before their time 
i'm getting really excited for the oscars  black swan all the way 
got home from the hour and half concert only to have a 45 minute conversation about the sat with my parents  did i mention that i have a test to study for 
what was our history homework?
"what the hell oscars  no love 127 hours, and only one <propfirst> for black swan  i'm not impressed "
has the turn in date for swan song come and gone without me noticing? if not when are submissions due?
"people in my spanish class, what was the homework for spring break?"
had a great vacation visiting my brother in north <propfemale>  now i'm ready to head home 
history paper = finished
