d67da9b3410193243424d05c020b65ff
"is tired, and glad to say her stats class grade had finally gotten better! (with one week to go)"
"is tired and wishes the weekend was over so that she can have a break-and sleep in her bed     36 hours in two days     yes, the bills will get paid this month!"
"wishes she never bought a treadmill    but at least now there is no excuse    1 mile down, a thousand more to go!"
"is officially engaged    and happy! i hope everyone is doing well, and that time will slow down for me when i am at home  seems like the time flies when i am here, and crawls when i am not    "
"is sad, blue and even a little teary, but wanted to announce to everyone, the wedding has been pushed back a year    more time to plan  smile "
"is ready to go     starting in the morning, i work a fair amount before going back to my normal office job on monday  bring on the overtime! this might mean the wedding is back on- i'll keep you all posted!"
wondering why oh why i ever thought i was young enough to have 2 teens and a soon to be hubby!!!
"has a new motto: treatment is not only healing what is wrong, it is nurturing what is best "
"says happy birthday to <propfemale>, happy big one!! and i am so so excited that today is one month till my wedding  all in all, a very nice day  oh- and i found out that the court is giving him another 3 months to bring in more papers for child support  oh well  life goes on!"
"28 days to go    my tooth is not gonna ruin my plans  absess or not, wedding plans go forward!"
asks the world     whatcha doin?
"is counting down     17, 16, 15      "
"is so proud of her daughter, april is an awesome student, giving back to the world, a great mommy to her kitties        the list goes on and on "
"happy thanksgiving    i'm happy and warm, and not thinking christmas yet      "
thank you all so much for wishing me a happy bday! i am so happy!
says happy new year!!!
is looking for any leads on an internship site for mhc  time is coming for me to find a site to start working on my hours needed for mhc licensure  needs to be around my great job     
"is tired, finally done writing a paper for school, mouth is feeling horrible between the root canal today and the infection i have been fighting for way too long  gosh  it almost is just better to not think  april moved in the snow and wind  super girl!!! its all soooooo much!"
is tired and worn out  praying for a position with a great company 
"is happy for the rain, because after the rain the grass seems greener, the roads seem cleaner, and the flowers are going to bloom!       still praying for a position with a great company       "
"says avon order is in, working hard (or is it hardly working?) to get it all done for friday!!! hoping for a great position in a great company      "
"is hoping the newest news will be out soon     job, i need some confirmation! lol  great day!"
"says good news all around! family, friends, work, thank you god!"
"is soooo thankful to all my fb family for praying me thru such a trying job hunt    i am starting my new position with ipmg on may 10th, the monday after i graduate from ashford university!!! thank you! thank you! thank you!!!"
"feels that her sister is definitely old because her niece is a sophmore in college and her nephew is about to graduate high school, not because her son is starting high school    chick, you got 4 more years to go before the old stamp is there!!!!!!! congrats <propfirst>!"
"is planning a graduation trip, starting a new job, and has one child going to mexico for a summer college trip, and the another child graduating high school!!! talk about a great month of may!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is relaxing and getting ready for an awesome week to come  happy memorial day everyone! remembering all of our armed forces                
is counting down the days to payday    this once a month paycheck has got to be the hardest part of the new job!
"is wishing she could go to the reunion, but will be there in spirit only  i missed senior prom, graduation, and now, the 20 year reunion  its fitting, right?"
is happy things are getting done and having fun thinking of a vacation    far far in the future!
wants to remind everyone that she sells avon and can connect you with her website to order and have it shipped straight to you     come on everyone    shop avon online!
is taking today as a day to relax and enjoy some home time    scrapbooking and $ store walking here we come!!!! lol really i just am glad that today is here!
"is enjoying the cool air for such a great summer day  waiting for tomorrow to come so she can play catch up on the computer due to being out in the community too much these last couple of days  starting a new hobby, starting to volunteer now that she isn't busy working 24 7  what a great day!!"
"is wishing paydays came more often  have fun at the lakes all my mn nd friends! as for me? air conditioning and no bugs! ha! (well maybe a few thanks to the dog) gonna cook out, go sit in the jeep and watch fireworks somewhere, and luv my hubby    now thats the life "
\when it is dark enough,\d67da9b3410193243424d05c020b65ff,says the more i learn the less i know    wha what?!?
says someone changed the title of my life story and forgot to tell me    any suggestions?
"says annoyed listen to the wind today  it is the sound of leaves in the trees dancing and writing beautiful lyrics across the sky         "
"wants to remind everyone that avon orders are due by sunday, so lemme know if you waht something!"
's teeth are hurting soooooo bad she wishes she had dentures  maybe  heard they hurt too    just wanting relief pleeease?!???!?
's teeth can be blamed for being up at 2 am    again 
"thinks her swollen face could be sexy, if the popeye look was in! did someone mention surgery?!?!?! yeah, ok  i did  thursday  can't come fast enough!"
is so happy that she can work from home and will enjoy her days even better when she can smile again without hurting    thursday here we come!
"'s teeth and face are almost back to normal! yay modern medicine! stitches out on thursday, all is quiet on the home front "
says good bye to the stitches and hello to a full caseload! whew that was difficult!
"is worn out and happy to be home    where the pets are friendly and the smells are nice   (loooong story, don't ask)"
is relaxing and enjoying the day with family  so glad that things are calming down  busy week ahead! can't say how much i miss having little ones    i hope everyone has a great sunday 
"is thankful for many many things  children, husband, a roof over my head, pets who love me, a car that has air, and a couch calling my name       "
thinks that tomorrow will be a good day     no matter what others might say!
"is missing her kids   sad  hug 'em tight, they grow waaaaay too fast "
"is in her first set of grad school classes and is wondering what was i thinking???? lmao really, i like it        but man, it's tough work!"
's first year anniversary on saturday  going to celebrate by going to brown county!!! yay! <propfirst>- luv ya!
"thinks that dentures are not far from sight  dentists want sooooo much $$, i think i am in the wrong career path! 1400 00 for a root canal and cap  wow  gonna have to suffer thru this with getting it pulled for 100 00 instead!"
"is wondering     if winter is here, why can't i find my coat?!? and since when does black friday (aka the friday in the middle of thanksgiving weekend) sales start two weeks before thanksgiving? i am so over shoppers already  cookies, movies, and some time with my favorite college students sounds like the cats pajamas to me     smile "
says way to go sis!!! i read walden's announcement--- great choice for school <propfemale>!
"is thinking holiday shopping is for the young, and gift cards seem appropriate for middle age  what is for the old tho? coupons? happy thanksgiving everyone!"
"says if it snows much more, i'm hibernating  seriously "
"quotes someone smart \pressure makes diamonds\""  (so where's mine?!?!?)"""
hey <propfirst>    do you remember that <propfemale> you kissed in the hallway in jr high? lol i still have that pic somewhere      
says thank you to everyone! i had a nice birthday  back to school and work tomorrow     i feel so loved! thanks!
"is thankful for this last year, and looking forward to a great 2011!! thinking back over what has happened in the last year    new job, great friends, old memories     wow"
"reminds everyone    don't mix cleaners in the bathroom     you might get a bit sick! lol ok, so at least my place is clean for a second  happy new year!!!"
"thinks travel, school, and meetings are overrated  gimme a good movie and a warm blankie any day!"
"says the weekend is here, time for homework, housework, and hmmmm    i am not sure of another h, but i know the first 2 will keep me busy! still thankful for a nice hubby and great friends   smile "
"had a day at home  i still am working on cleaning, but homework is done for the moment! yay me! and tomorrow, dinner is gonna be early  i'm thinking soup  (does that make me old??)"
"i've carried children within my body  slept with babies on my chest  i've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts  i've been puked on,peed pooped on, and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor      or blessing!! post this as your status if you are a proud mom!!!"
snow snow snow     back in sd this would be called thanksgiving  here it's a panic storm week  lmao  gotta love it!
has decided     with the tax return comes a new phone  any ideas what i should get?
"!!!!!!!!! <propmale> mortenson, author of three cups of tea is the guest speaker of the commencement ceremony for walden university this year!!! how luck are these people!? his book is very inspiring, and i hope when i graduate i get lucky enough to meet a world changer like him!"
thinks that she possibly has a sinus infection   
"had something clever to say, but then had to do two+ hours of homework and forgot what in the world it was  i am seriously thinking of becoming a zombie  i already have the circles under my eyes  i wonder if someone is hiring???"
time flies when there's tons to do    but crawls on if you're all caught up  go figure!
time     the reason why things don't all happen at once 
