b30cf8bc5932652944a4ff92f9b36c17
what now?
dugway sucks
hairs all gone
not ready for the week
guess who's opening for parkway?
october 5th smile 
i don't get it
finally nineteen
"parkway's comin up quick, still have cheap tickets if you want to go"
parkway tomorrow!!!!
proud chevy owner smile 
something's missing
waste of time
just had the best pizza in my life
"tired, yet not tired"
no longer playing unrest fest sad 
dumb
this blows hardcore chunks  like the big ones that you can't e playful ain
"oh, sleepers new cd is pretty sweet"
i broke something
new tires in about a week smile 
fml
love my friends
can't sleep sad 
ahhhhh
awesome!!!
anyone going to the show tomorrow?
loves the new attack attack
new separation is cookin'!
still thinkin of cuttin my hair  what do you think?
"so, current goal? learn new separation of self on the drums  it's going to be awesome"
needs a new facebook picture
who's bored today?
haste the day's cover of meet me half way is pretty awesome
hair's all gone
"\concern should drive us into action and not into depression  no man is free who cannot control himself\"" -pythagoras"""
thank you everyone laugh 
"exausted, but cant sleep"
trucks fixed!!!!
time for wheelin
just jumped this guy's car and he bought my coffee
"so tired, but when its time for bed no such luck"
bleh
so bored
a drive and 50 piece nuggets  this night was cookin
totally just fell out of my chair at work
really wish i went to bed last night
i hate it when people break the respect line
the broken truck strikes again
ever feel under accomplished?
black ops=too many glitches
don't be so quick to judge when you yourself have a hard time seeing your own reflection
"yeah, truck's muddy smile "
ahh blizzard tomorrow  great   
blew out my rear end   
awesome day
awesome game
i really hope this works out
the beast lives yet again
so pumped right now
having a lovely time in ogden
pretty pumped right now
wrecked the truck
officially totalled
anybody need 35 x 12 50 bf goodrich mud terrain gen 2 tires and rims plus a spare tire?
should really stop leaving his facebook <propfemale> signed in     people could have too much fun with this!
anybody need those 35  x 12 50 rims and tires?
"last night was awesome, thank you to everyone who showed up"
i just got told late pregnancy is like a lava lamp  it just goes up and down
first thing you gotta do is punch your pony right in the face
still a <propfirst>  laugh 
so pumped to leave
way pumped for tour  feeling a little disappointed about something else
drivin through boise
not to bad in oregon
waiting to play in salem with  my band fire in the skies  and parley
hello richland washington
show in tacoma now
back to ogden we go
just passed old f town
awesome show tonight  thank you ogden!!!
i'm home
forgot how awesome pirate fb is
bleh
nothin like getting a ride home in a topless jeep
"just watched the movie seven  pretty sick, black man sick i mean"
good movie night? yes
something needs to change
only place to go from here is up
tonight was good
gotta love a good run
cuddle <propmale> would be great
i need my drums
way to awake
boise with <propfirst> stoddard smith and <propmale> smith is awesome
ugh
never really noticed how much i love the new soilwork album till recently
really really need my drums back
batman arkham asylum is pretty awesome  i know i'm late to the party
yay another cb night
not gonna lie  feels kinda weird not going to cb tonight
just saw this kid get shutdown  amazing
in a country mood     strange
vaguebooking new favorite term
"\breee breeee breeeee\"" job for a cowboy"""
thank you pandora for making job hunting standable
"\my flatulence is so lethal that it casts a shadow\"" thank you buz mcgrath"""
<propmale> <propmale> is 71 today    
ip man is <propmale>!
hmmm which movie tonight?
thank you elitist for being amazing
kahn!!!
hall pass au was pretty awesome
"hey, you should go like my good friends fire in the skies  good stuff"
"tonigh was awesome thanks to <propfirst> naylor, <propfirst> pendley, <propfirst> call, edson r rojas, nicolaus samuels, and haylee samuels"
"\watch out for evil druids\"" -<propmale>"""
"wondering what to do with the future, wondering what car to get next, wondering why people buy single whoppers when the doubles are clearly better "
pretty excited for a day to remember w  bring me the horizon 3 29 11
already missing brighton resort
worst songs stuck in my head  at least i have doritos
hairs gone
"i keep trying to do a hair flip, but it's all gone    "
