ddfd110c8b49282bb1e2157576ac4a13
wow    really?
just curious   
"counting down    35 minutes until there's peace and quiet   ready for bed, tired of thinking    sad "
"ok, i've had quite enough of facebook     don't worry i'll be back tomorrow   smile "
"i slept like shit last night, i was either too hot or too cold, and for some reason, i just kept thinking   hopefully today is better than yesterday   "
"good news!!  the house is finally picked up and <propmale> is going to have a nap, finally!  then i can do the cleaning that he \helps\"" way too good with      smile """
"well, i've had a few beers and i'm ready to see facebook tomorrow!!"
man it is soooo hot outside    
"really hates doing laundry, and with 2 little ones, the laundry never seems to end    ugh!!"
   i'm pretty sure that this really sucks!!
"well, it's a new day, let's see what it has in store for me    "
i think i'm finally getting a new car   gotta love those e playful lorers!!!
"   because i'm pretty sure that if something else went wrong today, i wouldn't be surprised!!"
"well, its a new day and hopefully there is something new, not more of the same!!"
looking forward to tomorrow    some big things could be happening!!
hopefully there is good news today   keep your fingers crossed!!
"   it is what it is, it isn't what it isn't, so don't make it something that it's not   "
   loving the new place   loving my little babies   so excited for my new job!!
well today is a lazy saturday    don't really want to do anything and there is so much to do!  where is the motivation cause this coffee isn't working?!?
"well, i'm feeling pretty good about today    got a lot of important stuff done!!"
"i've been cleaning all morning!! seems like every time i turn around there is something else to put away!!!  gotta love these kids, they're too cute   "
is ready for bed!!!
still tired   
both kids are getting shots today!! anyone else want to take them??  it's so sad   
<propfemale> is 16 ponds 7 ounces and 26 1 2 inches long!!!  <propmale> is 27 pounds 9 ounces and 36 inches!!  huge kids i tell you   
why is it so hot??  makes me lazy   
"went to bed early, got up late, and had a great cup of coffee!!  ready to take on the day   "
just got a hair cut!!  like it??
football!!  football!!  football!!
"just went for a walk     <propmale> loved it, <propfemale> fell asleep and now i'm hot!!"
it's really hot!!
"i hate doing laundry, but i hate dirty laundry more!!"
wow     i think it's going to be a good night!
isn't supposed to be fall???  why is it still hot?
"football, swimming and then a bbq       what a day, these kids better have a good nap before we go!!"
wow   
i'm so lucky      <propmale> slept until 10 this morning!!!
so the painters are painting my building    i'm trapped!!
"it's finally cooling off!!  time to shop for those winter clothes, can't wait   "
football and food    what a great combo!!
"well, 3 cups of coffee in and my house is spotless!!"
quiet time!!
have i ever told anyone that i have the most adoreable kids ever????
what a day   
just had a blast at the park with the kids     now it's naptime!!!
"i love the rain, hate the wind, but where is the mail??"
long day      ready for a beer!!
just spent like the last 10 minutes dancing with <propmale>     so much fun!!
"laundry, laundry laundry     does it ever end??"
way too many errands today!!!  i'll need more coffee for today    
"i do not want to go to work today!!!  wanna stay home, watch football and play with my little ones   "
"i am sooo tired!!  ready for bed   worked way too much today, gotta get ready for tomorrow!!"
i wonder what today is going to have for me????
i just can't believe some people!!!
im tired   
"it's going to be a good day, i can tell!!"
really??  can't wait   
"<propmale> has a runny nose :[  feel so bad, i'm about to rub his nose raw     it's my brother's birthday and we can't celebrate "
well     today is going to be really uneventful   just boring laundry and cleaning   when does it end??
does not want to go to work     love these little babies too much!!
wow   
"well it could be a good day, right??"
is so excited for trick or treating
long day   
i'm just really sick of wondering     it's really not fair!!
"i feel like i always have laundry to do!  why can't it ever go away??  i'd like to be <propmale> and instead of washing clothes, i'll just go buy new ones!  in the meantime, tide is my best friend   "
"well, it seems like a lazy day today   "
"well, i can say that some people just don't really take care of their kids      i just don't understand!!"
wow     i can't believe today is already over!!  congrats to <propfemale> and the mighty muffins!!  great game girls    
it's such a beautiful day!!
i stayed up way too late last night   the coffee isn't working!!
can someone please tell my why <propmale> just went to bed??
"is on the job hunt!!  seriously     time for a change, i can't live like this anymore   i need more $$!!"
just hanging out at home with the kids   
brrrrrr    it's really cold outside!!
"the house is clean, the dishes are done, the kids are sleeping     what the heck am i supposed to do??"
"like i've said before,  it is what it is, it isn't what it isn't, so i'm not going to try to make it something it's not   "
"is just hanging out, enjoying a beer   "
"omgsh, just finally found a pacifier      you know about 3 seconds ago i woulda given my right arm for one?!?!?!?!?"
"well, what can today possibly have in store for me??"
"ok, <propfemale> has an ear infection       so darn sad!!"
"i'm thinking way too much, especially when the answer is so easy     "
is exhausted!!!
"just got off work, and now i don't want to do anything!!!  the kids are asleep and the house looks like a tornado just came thru     decisions, decisions, decisions "
the kids are asleep and the whole house is so clean   it's really nice to have such a great schedule   it's actually really nice to be able to have a schedule   i am so thankful for the good stuff in my life   
"well, to put it plainly, i'm bored   "
"well, i'm thinking that it's getting pretty close to my bedtime!!  so ready for a new day   "
"<propmale> and his friend, <propfemale> are having a nap right now, <propfemale> is in <propfemale>'s crib and <propmale> is in his     dude i wish i had a hidden camera to see what's really going on in there   do you think that they'll actually go to sleep?  ( i think i'm dreaming!!)"
enjoying too many beers with my lovey    
just got off work and both the kids are already asleep  sad   didn't get to say goodnight 
"just got my brother in trouble     didn't mean to, just wanted to smoke a cigarette with him   prego people really are crazy!!"
just got off work! worked all dang day long!  so exhausted   now it's time to make dinner 
"just hanging out at home, relaxing   had a long day at work today   not ready for tomorrow, <propfemale> is getting her 6 month shots   (hurts me more, right? sad  that's what my mom tells me to make me feel better)"
<propfemale> is 19 ponds 2 ounces and 27 1 2 inches long   she's a growing girl!!
have i ever told anyone how much i love my kids? (even when <propmale> figures out how to open a brand new box of cheerios and disperse them throughout the living room)
"well, great start to another day     gotta work tonigt, and i'm not looking forward to it!"
"got off work at 1015 and was pleasantly surprised when <propfemale> was still awake!!  so lucky, she must've waited for her mommy   "
just haning out doing the 'puter with <propfemale>    
"good start today, let's hope the day ends like that!!"
"happy thanksgiving!!  i'm thankful for my family, they give me exactly the support i need!!"
"well, the day went smoother than i thought   i am soooo thankful for my mom, she is so great   i hope that i can be there for my kids the way she is there for me!"
just got home from work     thanks for everything mom!!
"well, the house is clean     that's good!    sad "
had a pretty decent day today!!  worked and got to play with the kids!!!!  yay!
"have so much stuff to take care of, and i just want to crawl back in bed!!  where's the motivation?"
"well, it's haircut time, and have a ton of running around to do   the kids and1"
interruption by <propmale>       the kids and i will be busy all day long   where's the coffee??
getting stuff done around here!!  feels really good 
"brrrr    it's so cold outside!  good day to relax and watch some football   hopefully i'll be motivated to clean a little bit   smile   p s  i'm so excited to see my family this weekend!  it's going to be so much fun, can't wait!!"
where's the airborne??  i think i might be getting sick!!  gotta take care of myself so i can take care of <propmale> and <propfemale>     keeping my fingers crossed 
"can someone please tell me why my keyboard is all sticky??  oh yeah, my son is only a year and a half and has very important stuff to do on the computer     man, i love my son!!"
i'm going to get my christmas tree today!!  so excited     now all i need are decorations!
"brrr    it's freakin' cold outside!!  i'm wearing 2 sweatshirts and it still doensn't seem like enough!  i'm so ready to see my family this weekend, we always have such a good time "
the day is finally here!!  feels like i've been waiting forever to see my family!  i can't wait to see everyone tonight     the weekend is going to go by soooo fast   soak it up while it lasts i guess   happy birthday papa!!
i just spent the last hour laying in bed with <propmale> and <propfemale>     so much fun i didn't want to get up   i love my kids   
"just hanging out with <propfemale>!!  so much fun   i love her to pieces, even when she tries to type stuff with me   "
somehow both of the kids are entertaining themselves!!  this is great     i wonder how long it's going to last   smile 
i can't decide if i want to stay up and watch tv or if i should go to bed     maybe i'll accidentally fall asleep with the tv on   smile 
"so both of the kids are already sleeping     i know, i'm good   now the rest of the night is mine!!   smile "
i had a few too many cups of coffe and i'm out if things to clean   
everyone is asleep and i think i'll join them    
"the kids slept in a little bit today, probably because the were up almost all night for some reason or another   can someone direct me to the coffee?"
"arrrrgggghhh!!! i have to get ready for work and i don't wanna     i feel like a little kid that doesn't want to go to school   man, i wanna stay home and play, play, play!"
it was so bus at work tonight     happy to be home!!  so sad that both the kids are already asleep  can't believe how much i miss them!
"i just decided that my 2 favorite beverages are coffee and beer   not together of course, but i love them both, equally as much, but for oh so different reasons!!"
"just got home from the dr's   <propmale> took his shots like a champ, but he's got another ear infection!!!  it's so sad cause he shows no sign of pain, and i'm not a mind reader   "
i'm happy that it's raining   
i have a feeling that it's going to be a good day     it's beautiful outside and i'm already in a great mood   i'm beginning to wonder what's in this coffee   smile 
the 4 of us were out looking at christmas lights    <propmale> was more interested in his <propmale> taco cup and <propfemale> slept   go figure!!  (the lights they did see they liked though)
too bad so sad     
i was going to say good morning but <propfemale> (my senial neighbor) just came over to have a chat     save me!!
work work work     
is enjoying a chocolate milkshake     been a while since i've had one 
"well, <propmale> decided to get up at 7, something i wasn't quite ready for    i have a feeling that it's going to be a long day!!  3 cups in and many more to go "
what a beautiful day   
putting an end to my very <propfemale> christmas     happy to finally be home and the kids are sleeping!!
"today was great    my closet best friend came over to visit me and the kids were driving me crazy!!  all with good intentions i think   i really like being a mom though, so rewarding    especially when everything seems to be so chaotic    smile "
"well, today has been quite interesting   "
brrrrrrr  it's cold outside   not worth it to go out for anything    well maybe a million dollars   smile 
i just took down my christmas tree   so ready to start the new year   i wonder if <propmale> is going to notice that it's gone?  there is a big empty spot where it was     spacious!!
why is shopping so exhausting??
"<propmale> had a way too late nap    i would usually be looking forward to 8, but not tonight, we have a good hour before he even thinks about sleeping!!"
ready to enjoy my new years at home     gotta pick up first!!
"had so much fun last night!!  surprised i'm not hungover   going out for a \family\"" dinner   ready to eat!!   smile """
i need a good night's rest   
"man    i was surprisingly busy today   odd for a sunday, or any day for that matter   now my laundry is getting done and i have groceries, the kids are clean and so is the house   just sucks cause all those things are just a part of being a mom    i like playing toys better!!"
"i wonder about people sometimes, are their lives not fulfilling enough that they would have to go out of their way to make things uncomfortable for people that have absolutely no impact on their life?  there is no reason, except to be hurtful and mean   "
<propfemale> <propmale> and i are just hanging out playing toys    so much fun!
"well, it was a really long day out and about with <propmale> and <propfemale>    glad to be home with <propfirst> relaxing   wonder what tomorrow has in store for me   "
"had a great dinner with <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst>   i just want to know why i always make tacos when <propfemale> comes over!!"
good morning!!  i'm thinking that today is going to be a good day    at least only one can hope   smile 
man trying to get my kids to perform for a picture requires a lot of <propfemale>!!  and i still didn't get the one i wanted   
black    
"omgsh      running errands this morning, cleaning this afternoon, and now i'm cooking   definately going to be an early night  "
"sooooo tired, had a really big day today, and now i'm off to bed   "
"wow, what a day of being lazy      smile "
"just another day     i think it's going to be the same as any other   but somehow, <propmale> remains to be unpredictable    smile "
"dude,, why am i so lazy??  i don't want to do anything!!"
took <propfemale> out to run errands with me today     some much needed mommy daughter time    she looked so cute in her jeans and leopard <propfemale> shirt   too bad she won't let me do her hair!!
"ok, so it's time to make dinner    is it bad that i would rather order a pizza than cook?  lazy, lazy, lazy!!!"
"i want <propfemale> to start crawling already     but then again, i'm not sure if i want to <propmale> 2 little monsters around!!"
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved "
"just hanging out with my friend <propfemale>, having a few beers   "
hello     
"shower time!!  then off to run errands     easy stuff, that's not so easy with <propmale> and <propfemale>   we aren't leaving for like 2 hours but i've gotta start getting ready now if i want to make it   i never understood why my mom always got up so early, now i get it!"
"ok, i get it   "
10 inches  sad 
i wonder what today is going to have for me!!  i've got a lot on my mind and not enough sleep!  where's the coffee?
"football, laundry and cleaning!!  what a day, what a day   "
"just found out today that i'm going to have a nephew!!!  i'm finally going to be an auntie, yay!"
i hate the wind!!!
i really hate the wind and it doesn't seem to want to go away!!  ready for another change in the weather   
i'm having a grand old time over here at <propfemale>'s      miss having the internet   so soon i can't hardly wait!!!!!
what a beautiful sunday    
"had a great bbq with <propfemale>, miah, <propmale> and the kids      now getting ready to relax the rest of the night away   maybe a few more beers will do the trick!!"
wow     i'm really tired of chasing something that will never be there!  where is the light at the end of my tunnel?  i've learned my lesson and this isn't funny anymore   
wow wow wow     what else is new??
"here we go, on my way to a brand new life!!  i just want to know why it has to be so hard   "
"just hanging out today, kinda feels good to have a day off from this chaos!!!"
to finally have some time to think is nice     i'm beginning to realize that everything being upside down right now is better than always being  backwards    right?
(sigh)
had a long day today     too bad i didn't have a babysitter to go out tonight!
long weekend        longer week ahead!!
"it's funny how i have a bunch of stuff to do, and i'm atually excited to start getting it done!  weird, usually it's like 3 in the afternoon before i have any energy to do anything!!"
what ever happened to traditional nap time?
feeling really bad cause i just ripped <propfemale>'s head off   good thing she just told me that i'm crazy and laughed at me!  that's when you know you have a real friend   
"should go to bed now, my alarms don't have a snooze button     they just keep yelling mama louder and louder!!!"
"can my car just be ready today??  i'm so ready to have a little freedom back!  not that i have anywhere to go, but i'm sure that i'll find somewhere!!  lol!!!!!"
"feeling anxious, and i don't know why   "
naptime is the greatest!!  i love that i have a few minutes to myself to prepare for the afternoon!
"ok, remember that natime thing?  yeah, not happening today   now i have 2 extra loads of laundry, and grumpy kids!  what's really going on here, and who's on this consipracy against me?"
getting ready to take the kids out and enjoy the beautiful day!!
"(sigh) why does <propmale> insist on pushing <propfemale> over?  she is so innocent, and he just does it because i don't know why      maybe he doesn't either!"
"playing wii bowling, having a few beers, and hanging out with quattro, <propfirst>, and auntie <propfirst>      is my arm going to be tired tomorrow??  lol!!"
"gotta get moving this morning, i'm already a half an hour behind schedule      and why am i on facebook??  lol   "
i absolutely love it when things keep falling into place!  it's amazing how when you cut the crap outta your life things seem to work out    why is that?
"just hanging with my closet bf, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> wondering what happened to my 12 pack i bought last night     i guess i'm a good sharer "
"just had lunch at burger <propmale> with <propmale>, <propfemale> and <propmale>     i think they all had a great time cause gav and <propfemale> were so worn out that they went right to sleep!"
i could very easily throw up right now   i ate way too much pizza!!  had a great time though!
"i love waking up refreshed, ready to start my day     "
"whenever god closes one door he always opens another, even though sometimes it's hell in the hallway"
i just cleaned up all the blocks and <propmale> immediately brings me the bag and wants to dump them out and scatter them everywhere   then he just leaves them lone until i pick them up again       it's a vicious cycle and i'm tired of picking them up!!  lol   
"wow, i'm trying to figure out the best way to get rid of this hangover or operate with it!!  i didn't even drink enough to feel this way      so not fair!!"
"gotta get on this packing thing, again!  i'm really over it and ready to be settled in already   it's closer than i think   "
"how come when you are in a hurry to get ready to go somewhere, you still have a few extra minutes to sit on facebook??  this darn thing makes me late more than my kids do!!  walk away from the computer!!!  lol   "
"had a fabulous night tonight    gotta get some much needed rest for the big move tomorrow!  hopefully <propfemale> and <propmale> are getting good sleep cause if not, i should've gone to bed when they went to bed "
wow    having a great start to a day that hopefully turns out ok   it's the next step in the new llife 
oh man oh man oh man!!  so anxious!
"omgsh, i'm online again!!  back in action!"
good morning!!  i wonder what is going to happen today?
what's good??  lol     i'm going out tonight!  thanks mon
why is it that traveling even a short distance with 2 kids under 2 is soooooo exhausting??
"how come everything <propfemale> has, <propmale> comes and takes?  even if he decided 2 seconds ago that he didn't want it? lol   "
"<propfemale> refuses to crawl, but somehow she can still scoot aound and get to where she wants to go, i have a feeling that when she is finally walking, i'm going to be in big trouble!!"
"just ready to relax!!  the kids are talking to eachother in their own baby language, and i wonder how long it will take for them to finally pass out   "
when will the laundry stop??  seems like i always have a ton of laundry to do!
why does my two year old test every ounce of <propfemale> i have??
"i have a feeling that it's going to be a slow, boring day today    but at least almost all of my laundry is done, because it can never be all done!  p s  i wonder how many times <propmale> will want to watch the blues clues movie i just found, i'll be singing that damn song for a week!  lol   "
please can we have real nap today kids?  certianly doesn't sound like it    
"ooops!  i went outside and brought the dog with me, then i forgot to let him back in    so sorry <propfirst>   sad "
is officially tired!
why did <propmale> just dump out the whole box of kix all over the place?
is this a dream?  are the kids really having a nap without all the talking and playing first?
"just ready to relax, don't see that coming anytime soon, but one can hope!!"
"so, <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really?? feel free to copy and paste if you agree   "
<propmale> must've had super sleep last night cause he has so much energy    we are definitely going to the park today!!
this is great!  a real nap that is lasting more than an hour!!  how did i get so lucky??  or am i just that good?
"well, i had a great day of doing nothing    nice for a change   tonight seemed to have an interesting twist, glad it's not my problem   lol!!"
i feel like i'm cleaning up after <propmale> all the time!  when will it end?
"dude, my ears are burning, does that mean someone is thinking about me or talking about me?  either way, i wish they would stop!!"
"going to the gym, like my second time in my life     i wonder how this is going to be   smile "
"alright      had a good time at the gym!!   but, coming home <propmale> threw my wallet, out the window, on the freeway   great!  <propfemale> just cried the whole time    good news is that it took me only 5 minutes at the dmv, new record, right?   grrrr     "
"took <propfemale> to the doctor today, if hse doesn't have an ear infection, could somebody please tell me why she whines non stop?"
can someone please tell me why it's snowing?  i thought it was almost may   
boring day today    getting more laundry done though!
i think i'm going to end up in the funny farm    
so today was a pretty long day      so ready for tomorrow!!
"was just remembering that on may 16, both of my kids will be 1   i think it's pretty cool!!"
"it's naptime!  i have much more important things to do than sit on facebook, yet i am still here    where is the motivation?"
"even though it is unfortunate that the kids were just up, it feels so great that the only one they wanted to see come through that door to their rescue was their mommy    the laughing and babbling right now confirms it   i love being a mom!!"
i just wonder how people can be so fake and contradicting!!!!  it makes me so mad and so sad for the peole that i love     
"took the kids to the park   <propmale> is so cute, when we pulled up, and he saw the slides, he starts pulling on his carseat straps and yelling \weee!!\""  i think he was refering to the slides   """
"ok, time for bed   was up way too late and the kids were up way too early this morning   no re-runs please!!  night   "
"long day today, even longer one tomorrow    having lunch with my gramma, i hope gav and <propfemale> don't do anything super embarrassing    smile "
"ok, i thought that today was long     tomorrow starts bright and early at 515   is this what it's like to be a real adult?"
"each day is getting longer, but more productive   i have to say, i love it!!"
dinner   check   baths   check   bed    double check    smile 
"can't wait for the weekend, a break from all the things i should be doing and a <propmale> to relax, if there is such thing with 2 kids under 2   "
hanging out with my closet bf     yes i said closet!!
"just got home from the backyard bbq    so much fun until both the kids were having a meltdown, together!!  got to see <propmale> dyrdek though   smile "
"i am kid free right now, until tomorrow at 10am   i don't know what to do with myself!!  feels good though   smile   thanks mom!"
"note to self: do not under any circumstance ever give <propfemale> a redbull and rockstar in one day   she is off the hook!!\p s   i'm so ready for tonight!  (and so thankful that i don't have <propmale> and <propfemale> until 10am tomorrow, happy birthday and mother's day to me!!)"
"i had the birthday weekend of a lifetime    had some needed relaxing on friday night with my very best friend, went out to lunch on saturday and saw <propmale> dyrdek, got to <propfemale> out with some really great people last night and had an amazing celebration, spent time with my family, and got to enjoy my little ones   right now, i feel like the luckiest peron alive!!"
didn't want to get up this morning     been up 6 hours already and still going strong!!
"ok, day one went great!  can anyone tell me why the girls at daycare said that <propmale> didn't cry all day except for when he saw me?  kinda funny how that works   "
"i realy should go to bed now, and i don't think that the rockstar this afternoon is helping     i guess it's just going to be a long day tomorrow    sad "
"ok, i think that this morning <propmale> realized that i was going to leave him all day because he seemed pretty upset when i dropped him off at daycare today    sad "
"ok, i am so lucky to have the best friend that i have   i was thinking about it and i would be so lost without her   god really knew what he was doing when he put her in my life   smile "
"<propfemale> has finally started to crawl   i don't think it's going to last long though, she's pulling herself up on everything   she must be learning all of this in daycare, i've tried for 6 months to get her to crawl with no success!"
the suspense is driving me crazy!!  and i have a feeling that what i'm waiting for is going to be completely and totally irrelevant   
had a really good day today   a great end to a busy week   so looking forward to spending the weekend with my babies       smile 
is thoroughly irritated!
both of my kids are 1      weird!!
the second interview tomorrow at 9am!!  i am so excited and nervous all at the same time   
is facebook really going to start charging a monthly fee?
"i am so exhausted  the week is almost over, but <propmale> and <propfemale> are going to be getting up at 7, saturday or not     can somebody please tell me why little kids don't sleep in??"
good morning!  i'm not ready to be awake     where's the coffee?
so it's firday night and i just might go to bed early    does that mean i'm lame?
"so i was busy all week, and now i'm doing laundry and cleaning all weekend to get ready for next week   will it ever end?  i know once everything is all clean it will feel great, but will i get it all done before naptime is the real question   "
i hate it when <propmale> doesn't get the appropriate amount of naptime      makes everyone miserable!!
"today seems like a lazy day, i don't want to do anything!!  good thing i did most of my laundry yesterday     it just seems like the day to lay in bed and watch a movie!!"
man     i'm exhausted!!  i didn't do anything too crazy today either   and i can't go to bed yet cause it's too light outside and i'll wake up a million times     i decided i am lame!!
now the suspense is really kicking in!!  can the lady just call me already!?!  i just keep praying that this is the job for me     maybe i should pray for <propfemale> too!  smile 
"had a great day today, and so far tonight isn't half bad!!  the kids are getting ready for bed     no complaints so far!"
(sigh)
"alright     i'm moving way too slow this morning, maybe it's cause i'm just waiting and hoping   very exhausting!  but i'm excited for the kids to get up, it's been a long 12 hours without them   smile "
<propmale> woke up before me this morning    makes it a little difficult to get ready when the kids look so cute cuddled in my bed watching <propmale>       smile 
"i'm hoping for good news today, otherwise i'm going to have to start all over again   sad "
getting ready to enjoy this fabulous weekend with my little loves     hopefully they are just as excited as i am    smile 
"really, the kids went right to sleep?  how did i get so lucky?  now i have plenty of time to relax before 7am   smile   i still want to know why kids don't sleep in   "
when will these runny noses stop?!?  aren't you supposed to be healthy in june?
"had a great weekend, now it's time to get serious and get ready for the week      smile "
"ok, it's only 930 and i'm thinking it's time for bed    looking forward to tomorrow, a day full of nothing   smile "
i can't believe my baby is going to be 2 tomorrow    
"happy birthday to <propmale>!!  he even woke up before <propfemale>, like he knows today is special   we're moving into the terrible twos    great    smile "
"all bad news today   sad   just wasn't the plan for me   i thought today would be better, especially since it's gav-v-v's birthday     hopefully things will turn around!!"
"well, tonight sucked too, but at least i had great company!!   smile   tomorrow is a new day, let's see what opportunities await me   "
"ok, i am pretty sure today qualified as a bad day   "
i really like it how <propmale> gets up before <propfemale>     it's nice to have some one on one time   smile   don't really appreciate the cheerios all over my bed though   
so i got the job!!  had my first day today     just wish it wouldn't be so gross outside!!
"i had so much fun tonight    what a great way to celebrate my new job!!  taking the kids to the zoo tomorrow, hopefully it isn't a humid as today!!"
omgsh    it is way too hot!  i hate it   
good morning!!  i've got to start getting ready for the week!  boring stuff like laundry and cleaning         sad       but it's my first full week in a while!!
"it has been a really long weekend, and i didn't do anything!!  i even had a nap today, and i'm still tired!!"
"i'm trying to get ready for work, but for some reason i am sitting on facebook    it's still going to be a good day!!"
"i'm not tired, but i'm going to try to go to sleep   5am comes quick!!"
good morning  i'm tired   not used to this yet   
i should go to bed    morning has been coming too quickly lately 
i am already so tired!!  getting ready to go to the gym   
"ok, i'm home now    still tired and have to do some of the never ending laundry!!  half way through the week though, i'm still alive       smile "
i have a feeling that today is going to be a good day    smile 
"(sigh) <propmale> has a fever, gotta go pick him up from daycare (<propfemale> too)      early day for us i guess    sad   poor guy "
"wow      i can't believe what i just found out!  my stomach is upside down   where is my bf?  we need to talk, asap "
"ok, i thought i said that today was going to be a good day    jinxed myself from the very beginning "
my back hurts really really bad         sad   i've been full of complaints lately!!
"my back still hurts!  i hope i didn't do something permanent, i am having a hard time carrying my kids    this is not good    sad "
moving on now   
"i am really thankful that god has given me the strength to keep moving forward     and plus i have the best support, ever!!  i even surprised myself today, never felt like i could do it, but it's easier than i thought!  does that mean i'm growing up?   smile "
it is such a beautiful day!!  i think i'm going to take my kids to the park   maybe they'll get rid of some of this energy        smile 
"so <propmale> is about to start talking up a storm   he said a few things to me today, like 3 words sentences    i know i'm the only one that could understand him because i'm the mommy   i love him   "
"i'd have to say that today was a pretty good day, considering it was a monday    let's hope the week is the same!!"
"well, i guess it's time for a movie and bed, now-a-days tomorrow comes quickly, and with no remorse     but every day is a step forward, and that makes me so happy!!"
i'm not going to let facebook consume my morning again!!  i hate rushing    
sometimes i think i hide behind the fact that i should be ok   
"alright, time for bed, i falready don't want to wake up!!  lol   "
"good morning!!  i have lunch plans today, and i'm so so excited    "
today's been a crazy day!!!  so ready to be off work        smile 
"because really, i'm about to snap, and then when you need me, i'm going to laugh   "
"good morning! i wonder what today has in store for me   i hope today is better than yesterday, and yesterday was pretty good    smile "
"because i went to bed at like 830 last night, i'm not really tired this morning!!  that was unintentionally responsible      lol!!"
"ok, so my phone is shot!!  i can't see anything on my screen anymore     rwelp, time for a replacement!!"
"9 minutes and counting      maybe i can go home early   smile   yeah, in wish land!!"
"every night is a celebration, and now i really have something to celebrate!!"
i'm having a really great day   
"really, i'm spending my friday night doing laundry, cleaning my room, and washing the  car?  wow   "
getting ready to get outta here!!  just about another half hour and then we'll be on our way       smile 
i totally thought that today would turn out better   not quite what i was e playful ecting    sad 
great end to an ok weekend   gav got a haircut     he looks so old   i love him!!
"i am so ready to start today!  lots of important stuff to do, gotta get serious and get it done!!"
so so so ready for this work day to be o-v-e-r!!  went by so fast until like 30 minutes ago!!
"<propfemale> has an ear infection, again   poor little girl, she just needs to get better already!!   sad "
"ok, today was much worse than yesterday, it seems like it's never going to end!!  i wanna go home!"
"all bad news, all day long          can it get any worse?"
"<propfemale> still doesn't feel good!!  i feel so sad that i can't do anything to help her     hopefully by the time i pick her up, she'll be a happy girl    smile "
"just got home, got some new clothes    first time in i can't remember how long i only bought stuff for myself   feels kinda good!!"
"had my first appointment with my personal trainer yesterday       not only did he kick my butt, i am so so sore too, this is no joke!!"
"i am pretty sure i have the best kids ever   they are so good almost all the time!!  i am so lucky, i love them to pieces and death!!"
"today was actually a pretty good day, considering it was a monday!!  can't wait for this weekend   "
i feel buff already    
day #3 and i'm actually ready and looking forward to it     i think!!
"well, as of right now i'm pretty sure i'm going to be hating life!!  as <propfemale> put it, i'm going to have to pour my kids out of their crib tomorrow morning!!  great   "
i'm ready for today!  hopefully work isn't as crazy as it has been!!
i am so over this day!!!  i want to go home     
<propfemale> just took 3 whole steps all by herself    i'm in for it now!!  it is so exciting though   
"the kids are actually playing together    sibling entertainment is coming!!  along with the fighting, whining, and tattling!! great   "
i had a great 4th   got to spend it with an awesome group of people   too bad my kids didn't like the fireworks  maybe next year   
feeling so good   
kids are clean and in beds    time to relax and do nothing!!
i can't find my phone!!
"going to the doctor's again!!  seems like if one is sick the other is well, or they're both sick   it's been a while since they were both well     "
i'm going to be so sore tomorrow!! no questions   
i love short weeks!!  friday is almost here       smile 
on call this weekend!?!?  great    
friday is almost here    this week went by so fast!!
"i am so busy at work!!  i'm really happy that it's friday, but oncall is going to kick my ass (i think)"
"so at about 630 the kids were so hungry they were melting down, and i'm trying to get the <propfemale> of this oncall thing       i can't believe that i made it through it, and got some calls dispatched!!  money, money, money    "
remind me that i never want oncall ever again!!  i've been working non-stop   and naptime is almost over        sad   i feel like i haven't gotten to spend any time with my kids   i hate that   
i love my kids so much   everyday they learn new things and never cease to amaze me   they remind me to smile when i think i have nothing to smile about   i am so lucky    
"i am so excited to give this oncall back!!  i don't see how a person can be oncall and have a life!!  i worked all weekend long, i'm almost looking forward to going back to work     and i sat at the er to find out that <propfemale> is just getting teeth, great weekend   hopefully next weekend is better "
i am so glad monday is over    i hate mondays!!!
"going to the gym, i'm actually really excited   "
great work out at the gym tonight!!  really worked hard tonight    
i'm ready for the weekend already   at least i'm half way through the week     
just went to whole foods       that place is really cool   never been there before 
can somebody please tell me why i'm paying my personal trainer to make me run outside?
"happy almost friday      smile   getting closer, so many things to look forward to "
"i got my butt handed to me again at the gym, but i know it's for the best!! finally get a night off tomorrow     smile "
"wow, lots of good news already!!!  i can't wait for next weekend!"
pretty sure that tonight calls for a few beers!!
"i love the weekends! get to <propfemale> out with my kids, feels like i don't get to see them all week long  now if only they would have a nap so they're not grumpy   "
"had so much fun last night    now just hanging out do absolutely nothing   the countdown to next weekend begins, it's going to be the longest week ever!!"
ready for the week     i think  smile 
i really hate it when i get the bad mood when it's not my fault   really it sucks   
"i hate mondays, especially ones like this   "
i'm hoping for a better day today   
"had a good workout tonight, going to be sore tomorrow!! 2 days and counting   "
<propfemale> has been sleeping for 5 hours    
finally got a much needed cut and color    it looks absolutely beautiful!!  thanks <propfemale>  smile 
i'm tired of today     let's just skip to tomorrow afternoon   smile 
so excited   
finally on our way    can't wait to get this started already!!
"<propfemale> just walked into the sliding glass door, at first she was kidding, but then i realized the she just a dork!!! so something i would do   "
help!! <propfemale> is off the hook!! i love her   
"great food, great people, great weather    what more could a girl ask for?  more alcohol!!! lol   "
getting ready for night number 2!! nothing can prepare me for this   
weekend of a lifetime!! so much fun! thanks girls   
apparently my kids were so good this weekend    <propfemale> has pretty much cried since i picked her up!!  still so happy to be home with my loves   
i am so tired!!!  i can't even handle it right now!!
<propfemale> ate 2 pieces of pizza tonight    that's my girl!!
so not ready for today      it's going to be very interesting!!
today just keeps getting better      
thank god this week is almost over!!!!!
"i am in such an a-mazing mood today, i just hope it lasts        smile "
i don't want to go to the gym tonight!!!   i just want to go spend money      smile 
i'm a lucky girl   
how come when i have a clean car it seems like it runs better??
what a long day today!! i'm so ready for tomorrow   
i'm so not ready for today!!  just want to crawl back in bed!!
wow   
i can't believe that it's already wednesday   
yeah    don't care 
i love it when the kids and i are driving down the road and i look in the back seat and <propmale> and <propfemale> are bobbing their heads to the music    i love them!!
"so i started taking these really great vitamins, and i can't believe what a difference it's making     "
it's about to be a really bad day!!
we were annihilated at the gym tonight   
i forgot that i'm on call this weekend       sad 
"grrrrrr       so happy it's naptime, i can finally get caught up on this oncall bs "
can't decide if i want to take a nap or not   
i can't believe that the kids are still sleeping! this is absolutely wonderful   
surprisingly i feel really good this morning    ready to take on sunday with my loves!!
just had a great breakfast with my girls    now it's time for a nap!!   wink 
had a great day of doing nothing    then had a nice swim and bbq with the fam! beyond ready for bed   
i am so not ready for the gym tonight    just barely recovering from last week!!
"off to get the kiddos, then straight to the gym    still not ready for this!"
so on our way through the parking lot into the gym <propmale> was acting like a normal 2 year old and walked straight into a parked car!! he's so tough he didn't even cry   
"ok, i'm feeling like it's going to be a good day     "
off to get my loves!!  i'm excited to see them   
i love being single   
can today be over yet?  i am just over it   
i just wanna go home!!  i have way too much work to do   
so happy the weekend is here!!!
i love it that <propfemale> is a full time <propmale> now!!
"wow, what a weekend!!  so not ready for today    i think i'll make it out alive!"
off to lunch!!  i'm starving!!
"well, i'd have to say that today wasn't so bad for a monday, now i'm off to get murdered at the gym      smile "
"taking my little girl to the docotr today      so excited that we get to spend some mommy <propfemale> time, without gav     girls only!!"
"my daughter is healthy and took her shots like a champ!!  i am so greatful to have 2 beautiful, healthy kids   "
so not ready to go to the gym tonight    still so sore from yesterday!!!
i'm about to be twice as sore tomorrow    great!
level 11 on the stair master?? i thought for sure i was going to fall off that thing   
this day is turning out to be better than i thought!!
having a blast with the besti     
fml    
wow    this work day needs to be over immediately!!!!!!  i am so done 
had a fun mellow night last night    i  just wonder what tonight has in store for me     so excited!!
"the kids are driving me crazy!!!!!!  i love them just the same, but really i'm about to rip all my hair out!"
"omgsh, <propfemale> was singing in the car on our way to and from dinner    so freaking adorable!!  i love her   "
"i am tired today, hopefully i can make it through the day    "
i hope gav and <propfemale> are in a good mood when i pick them up!!!
note to self: never agree to do cardio with <propfirst>     ever again!!
i don't think today is going to be a good day   
"i am so glad that this work day is almost over, i'm not sure if i could take anymore!!"
i am so sick of this week      ready for the weekend for sure!!  half way there   
"i am so happy that tomorrow is friday    now if it could just hurry up and get here, i'd be in good shape!"
i really hope everything goes well tonight!!!
"really, cause tonight was a-mazing!!"
omgsh    this last half hour is going to take an eternity!!!!!!
yesssss     the weeekend is finally here!!
finally leavin'      
"took the kids to the zoo today    perfect weather, so much fun!!"
why is <propmale> walking around calling me <propfemale>?  last time i checked i'm his mom    great!
i need a day off from the weekend   
i'm hoping today goes by fast    but i don't think that it's going to happen 
"so, i can't find my phone, anywhere!!  it's lost   "
beyond ready for lunch!!!!  i'm starving   
i'm finally starting to feel better   
i am sooooo tired!!  i found my phone though      smile 
"i am so tired!!  as soon as the kids go to bed, so am i   "
fake it 'til you make it   
"there comes a point in your life when you realize who matters, who never did, and who won’t anymore   so don’t worry about the people from your past, there’s a reason why they didn’t make it to your future "
"had so much fun last night!!!!!  but really, there was no way it could've been any different     not really having so much fun today at work, but it's worth it!"
 smile 
can i just say that last night (well today too) was outta control!!  good thing i'm young!
holey moley     i wonder what's next!!   wink 
took thekids to the park    it is such a beautiful day!!
still going     energizer <propfemale>!!!
"really, i'm pretty sure that this is the best ever   "
feeling pretty good about today      smile   already looking forward to next weekend!
"dont trade in what you want the most for what you want at the moment  the minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for   "
lemme outta here!!
i hate it when i'm late for work   
i get to see my nephew tonight!!!  i'm sure he's already getting so big   
i'm so tired tonight!!!!  so happy that tomorrow is already almost friday   
the day is getting closer to an end!!  i am so ready to get outta here     
"omgsh!!!  thank god for my <propfemale> with a 'k'!!  if it wasn't for her, i'd prolly still be sleepin'!!!!!  gotta love her    "
"so how come i made 2 corn dogs, 1 for gav and 1 for <propfemale>, and neither of them want the one that's in front of them, they just want eachothers instead    i just don't get it "
omgsh      i am starving!!!!! can we please get this show on the road????
here we go    still so excited!!
"there's nothing there but a fly, buzzing around     lmfao!!!!"
i'd have to say that today was the perfect day for a nap      i love lazy saturdays!!
"alright, i need to get away from facebook and get ready for tonight!!!!"
takin' the kids to the aubun fair    going to be so much fun!!!!
so much fun at the fair!!  <propfemale> was scared until i gave her an ice cream cone   smile   love her   
i am so tired tonight!!  don't want to go to work tomorrow!!!!!
my back hurts      i'm sooo over it!
what?!? thursday night ritual    it's only monday!!
today is going to be a long day     
this has to be the longest 2 minutes of my life!!
what?!? i can't believe it's thursday!!!
grrrrrrr      
this day is dragging on forever       
can i be done working already?
thursday night ritual     gotta love it!!
i love us       
(sigh)  what a long day!!  i can't wait to go and pick up my kids   i missed them today    smile 
"mcdonalds, the park and crazy kids       there is no better way to end this lazy saturday!!"
it's amazing how quick the plans change      
i love this     
i'm the new miss march
i have a feeling that this week is going to take forever!  i can just hope that it doesn't and be thankful that it's only a 4 day week   
"if the 49ers wouldn't screw up so much, then maybe they'd have a <propmale>   stupid    "
"ok, pretty sure this is going to be one crazy week        smile "
i am so ready for today to be over!!  i'm seriously ready to start thursday!!  can we fast forward through wednesday??  it can't be anything good   
cheeseburger meatloaf and cheese potatoes    anyone hungry???
oh wednesday    i've never been so happy to see you      party starts tomorrow!!
i'm pretty sure that my great idea wasn't a good idea at all      
"ok, so thursday is finally here!  i am so ready   been looking forward to this weekend for months!!  it's about to be crazy    "
i am so ready to get outta here!!  this last hour seems like it's going to be the death of me!!  i wish i could leave early     
finally made it      i see rum runners in my future!!
"wow     i want to be ready to take on today, i just can't get motivated to get out of bed!!  somebody please help!  lol    "
omg  i love love love my girls!!!!!
here we go    round 3     
"omg, $170 dollars in drinks     are you kidding me!?!?!"
back to the real world tomorrow   
"so thankful that today is tuesday, i'm just not sure if could handle 5 days of work this week      "
one day until professionalism      
pretty sure today keeps on getting better   
"alright alright, thursday is already here!!  i can't believe it came so fast this week    now lets just hope that this day goes just as fast!"
can i just say that i love thursday nights       
the only thing i hate about thursday nights is that i have to come to work on friday     at least i made it ontime this morning 
today doesn't feel like friday       thank god it is!!
just spent the last half hour dancing around the house with the kids       i love them!!!
i don't want to get ready     and i don't think that this drink is helping much!!  lol   
it's just about t-shirt time!!!!  so ready     
omg  where's my cheeseburger?!?!?
i absolutely hate mondays     
"i really hope that <propmale> and <propfemale> are in a good mood, cause i missed them so much today!!  keepin' my fingers crossed     "
i'm really glad that this week is more than half way over   
"so right before i walked out the door this morning, i knew that i didn't have my phone and was like, hey can't forget to grab it     here i am at work, no phone   great "
so ready to be done working today    is there a reason that it feels like ever thursday takes forever?  ughhhhh     
i have decided that an ice cream sandwich is best eaten outside by a 1 and 2 year old        then straight inside for a bath!!  still love them tho     
"i had so much fun last night     i love love love thursday nights with the girls!!  as far as today goes    the quicker the better   i want my bed, immediately!"
"if you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten     "
"so, i just went to take out the trash, and when i tried to go back inside the house, the door was locked    <propmale> deadbolted the door, (apparently he doesn't know how to unlock it) and both the kids were crying because they wanted to come outside, and all i wanted was to come in   needless to say, i had to climb through a window     "
"had an amazing lunch with my cousin, i just wish that it wasn't so short      so happy that i got to see her anyway!!"
i'm actually in a pretty good mood for a monday     must be the amazing bbq i went to last night!!
i love had an a-mazing lunch    well breakfast for lunch    smile 
that's right!!  goooooooo giants!!
had a great night with my loves     time to relax and get some much needed sleep   can't believe the week is almost half way over!!
it's amazing what a full night's sleep can do      ready to take on today!!
"i jsut spilled my coffee (from this morning) all over my desk, and all over me     i love being so graceful!"
"christina: what time are you leaving?\me: why, you want to go with me?\christina: no, i want you make brownies before you leave \omg        lmfao!!!"
"pretty sure i am so excited it's thursday, and it doesn't feel like i've been waiting forever for it   yay!!"
uhhhhh        dinner was a-mazing!!
omgsh       really because i am so happy the weekend is finally here!!
"i love saturday morning breakfast, especially when i don't have to cook!!  it was simply amazing   "
yay giants!!
hates waiting   
sunday football with my girls!!  i love us      
really cause at least the giants been doing something right!!!!!
yessssss!!!  now let's just hope the giants pull a win tonight too!  love the niners      won the game that matters    
today is going by pretty quick for a monday      have to say i'm happy about that!!
"football, rock band, and pizza        plus awesome company??  how did i get so freaking lucky?!?!?!  love love love it     "
"so, back to the gym i go      surprisingly, i am really freaking excited!"
"it's mommy week   repost this with the time and date you first became a mom      june 1, 2008!  (then my emmerton may 16, 2009)  love love love them!!"
"i really hope that <propmale> is feeling better in the morning    i hate it when my kids don't feel good, so helpless!!"
"(sigh) instead of being at work, i'm at home, taking care of my sick kids, and cleaning the house   pretty sure i'd rather be at work!"
my kids are sick!!!  i hate it!  the worst part is <propmale> just barfed up his cold medicine   great     it could be a long night 
love that the giants won!!
i love thursday!!!  i love it even more that this thursday came with a quickness   
<propmale> tucker     
"stayed up wayyyyyy too late!!  feeling it today       it's ok, tgif!"
needs a nap      immediately!
"so <propfemale> and i are trying to get ready to go out       wandering around walmart buying mirrors!  oh yeah, trying real hard!!!!  lmao   "
ohhhh man!  ready for a nap      it's prolly going to be a long night!
let's go giants      
wouldn't mind the rain so much if there wasn't any wind!!  just gonna stay inside and watch football and recover   
"today is going to be a long day, i can already tell    "
is starving!
love monday night football at <propmale> and steph's!!  i love love love it!!!!  wouldn't trade my monday night for anything else!!
dude       love monday nght footbal!!  steph is the fraking best!!!!  guitar hero    
i need a drink    
pretty sure that today has been absolutely crazy   haven't had one second to think!!  great      fml 
i am ready for today to be over!!  i have a feeling that tomorrow will not be any better   
i love me some giants!!!!!
really because sucks       and it just keeps on getting better 
c'mon giants!!!!
really because i am so having a great time     
come on giants!!!!!!!
"like i said, love me some giants!!!"
omg        14 yards away from reno!!!  damn     
you can't soar like an eagle if you're surrounded by turkeys      
it's tuesday and i'm so happy that <propfemale> is back   
really because i hate days like this!!
what?  thursday night!!  so excited    
"ok     i love thursday nights!!  <propfemale> is laggin', but what's new right?  can't wait to see what this girls night has in store for me!!  love me thursday night!!!!!!!!!!!"
i love saturdays!!  lazy day today and then going out with my girls!!
so this time change thing is playing tricks on <propmale> and <propfemale>  they're ready for naps already!!  i'll be taking advantage of that    
is very tired   
"have i ever told anyone that <propfemale> comes up with some of the most amazing ideas?  if i didn't, i'm telling you now!   smile "
really doesn't want to go to work tomorrow   
so the time change had my kids up at 520 this morning!  yay me!!
monday night football!!!!!!!
how did this happen?!?!!?!?!?!?!?
is beyond ready for a nap!  turned out to be a long night last night and today just keeps getting longer      please can it be time to go home yet?!!
and it just keeps dragging on     
pretty sure i need a drink!!
how did i get so lucky!??
the weekend is finally here!!  this week felt like it took freaking forever      made it through and i'm going to enjoy the couple days off work   already starting off right!
this weather is amazing!!  we are going to the park after naps for sure!!  love spending the weekend with my kids   
watching a movie with the loves of my life      prolly going to jinx myself by saying this but i can't believe they're actually watching!!
and i was hoping that i was just hungover yesterday     not so lucky!  still feelin' like crap   
"i can't believe how great today has started off!!  better stay this way, that's all i have to say     "
just had lunch with my brother      random but it was nice to see him 
is beyond ready for a drink!!
can't wait to get some drinks with the girls!!  definitely overdue!
straight to the gym next week     i never thought i'd say it but i'm very excited!!
i love the weekend! wish it lasted a little longer though   
good start this morning      not at all what i was e playful ecting   let's just hope that continues on this way   
omg omg omg my little brother is going to be here today!!  sooooooo excited!!!!
at the dr with <propmale>       i hope it's just an ear infection   sad 
ok  my trainer annihilated us tonight!!  never going to let myself ever get this out of shape ever again     
"just have to say that at the end of the day, i'm very thankful for my best friend      she's the best!!!"
about to go bowling      haven't been bowling dice i was pregnant with <propfemale>   this should be interesting      
has the most beautiful daughter   
this is the laziest weekend i've had in a long time!!!
who bakes a cake right now?!???
<propmale> tucker      
positive i love my bestie        too bad the rest of my girls aren't here   sad ((
change your profile picture for one of your fav childhood cartoon characters and invite your friends to do the same  purpose of the game? to not see any human faces on facebook until monday dec 6th  only an invasion of memories  (for the fight against child abuse) 
long day     even longer week   so happy the weekend is here!!
i can't believe how fast this year went!!  i can't wait for 2011     
and i thought last week was bad   
so i guess the silver lining is i get to take naps and potty train <propmale>     
i love my kids more than anything in the world but i could never be a stay at home mom!!!!!!!
i'm dunzo        love my girls!!!!!
i still don't like mondays     
omg      today has been a mission!!  getting lots of stuff accomplished tho   
"so my iphone is working again     my \home\"" button isn't   great   so lucky """
what? almond tree     
"lots of phone calls to make today, lots of cleaning, lots of laundry, and i am still in an amazing mood, all things considered       smile "
a one hour nap?  tonight should be interesting   definitely not looking forward to it   
brrrrrrrr        it's so cold outside!!
"watching the sandlot with the kids      (forgot how much i like this movie)  <propmale> is intently watching while <propfemale> is unfolding the laundry i just folded   perfect   as long as they're both entertained, i'm not complaining    smile "
if you were thinking then you wouldn't have thought that     
at least the chargers are my second favorite        damn niners!!!!
bomb drinks with the bestie     
we are rapidly approaching naptime     thank god!!
prolly pretty sure i need another drink      lol!
i have the most wonderful best friend in the whole world!!  i'm positive i'd be s o l  without her       smile 
my neck hurts from looking at the eclipse      
yay!! i finally found my phone       smile 
i am not ready to take on today    seems like <propmale> is going to push me to my limit today   ugh!  gotta love him though!!
today is going to be an amazing day      wink 
had the most amazing christmas <propfemale>!!!!  i can't <propfemale>n tell you how fun it was          i am so blessed!   smile ))
ok  my kids are going to freak out           smile ))))
love football sunday        smile )))
guitar hero  drinks   enough said!!   smile )))))
ugh     been cleaning all day!  still more to do   it's amazing how quick this house gets destroyed and how long it takes to get it back to normal!!  good thing the kids are still napping    smile 
lets hope for a better day tomorrow     
today is looking better than yesterday        smile )  yay!!
"so <propmale> got into the baby powder     this is not good   <propfemale>'s hair looks gray, and their entire room covered with a thin layer of baby powder   should be fun cleaning it up   "
went to claim jumper for dinner      by far the worst service i've had in a while   slightly irritated    sad 
so much to do      so little time    smile 
have to say it was a good night      smile 
really?!???  it's only 1153?!  feels like 330        love my girls!
i just liked everyones eveyones eveything for the last 12 hours             
all set up for my cruise      who's going with me!!  lol      you know who you are!!!
facebook made me get the new profile        i hate it!!!
"i love the wiggles      well not really, but i do love the fact that my kids love the wiggles    smile "
my son just pulled down his pants in the walmart parking lot and peed      with no direction from me!!!  oh boy       smile   love him!!
it is such a beautiful day!!  took the kids to the park and had to remind myself that it's only january     
immediately worked! can't wait           first date here we come!
my kids are driving me crazy today!!!!!  ugh   
is stressed to the <propmale>    
i would like to thank everyone involved in tonight       it was amazing!!!   smile 
i'm kid free!!!!!  yay me!
mingling      
ugh       too early to be awake 
guti and i are in eachother's pants    
let's go     
wow    
is very tired   
"what to do, what to do    "
"i have so much to do to get ready for tonight      my kids need a nap first, but apparently they don't think so! playing and talking to each other  it's going to be a long afternoon!!!  fabulous   "
ugh why is everyone at walmart right now?!?!?
16 girls on a party bus ready to drink        tonight is going to be amazing!!!!!  happy birthday <propfemale>!!!!
can someone please tell me why <propmale> woke up wearing a dress?  this is not good    
i need to snap out of this!!  i have a superbowl party to go to     
i need coffee     
hates the wind     
omg!!!  i'm trying to get through to a person at unemployment       pretty sure better luck some other lifetime!!
i wanna go to the casino!!!!!!
so i'm trying to get out of bed to go to the gym        this really isn't working out so good!!!!!  help 
and by the way <propmale> is calling me <propfemale>       great!
"ugh       definitely need a nap!! then off to the gym i go, this should be very interesting   smile "
i am so thanking my lucky stars right now      and <propfemale>   lol    
"ugh      i've been so busy all day!!  good thing i'm going to be kid free tongiht!!!   smile   love them, but they are driving me nuts!!!!!!"
i need a babysitter!!!!!!!!
"have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately? that's because facebook made yet another change  you only see posts from people you interact with regularly  to change this scroll down to the bottom of the news feed on the homepage and click on 'edit options', click on 'show posts from' and change to 'all of your friends and pages' re-post and let everyone know"
it's never good when you have 2 kids and only 1 balloon     
i feel like today is going to be a good day       let's just hope i'm right!!
always nice to see old friends       too bad my kids are crazy!!
i have some pretty amazing friends        very thankful!!   smile   (you know who you are!!)
that was the best idea i had all day     
brrrrrrrrrrr          
omg!!!!!!!
i have a lot of stuff to do today       but for some reason i can't even get started!!!!!!
soooo <propfemale> has gum in her hair   this is going to be fun        fml
i know that my kids are the only people in the world that think i'm a good singer       i'm ok with that   smile  i love them!!!!
i have the most amazing best friend in the world!!!!   smile 
"taking my \dod\"" chica (as <propmale> would say) to the vet today      but now she'll be able to go to all the baseball games!!   smile """
as if i don't already have enough to think about     
honestly     
$3 83 a gallon!!  wtf!  when did this happen??
2 kids + 2 laundry baskets = no fighting and hours of entertainment   smile 
"for being in la la land last week, i would have to say that i'm getting stuff handled!!  feels good to be productive       smile "
i think it's funny when you see a car that has rims on it that are more e playful ensive than the whole car!!!!
i have some really amazing kids       i'd have to say that i'm really lucky!!
one step at a time      just can't wait until it feels like i've gotten somewhere!!
i think it's just about time to start potty training <propfemale>      this could be then end of diapers!!  yaaaay!!!!!!!
ugh    
i'm coming to realize that i am an impatient person!!!!
i love cuddling with my baby girl     
geez       it's hella raining right now  good thing i'm not outside! lol     
definitely missed my kids today        good to know they missed me too    smile 
i wonder sometimes   
is praying for lots of good news today       today could be the day!!
are you kidding me?!!?
i finally got my replacement driver's license in the mail        too bad i'm broke and all my girls are in san <propfirst>!!!!!  there's always next weekend        who wants to babysit??        smile )
i guess i'll get up now   
sigh    hope this goes well 
so i lost my keys       well the last person i remember with them was <propfemale>   i searched high and low    even in the fridge   <propmale> wold  suggested i look in my purse   what a smart kid!  fml    
"i think that no matter what happens, today is going to be a good day!"
i'm very excited to have a weekend to look forward to     smile 
so all of a sudden i have allergies? wtf
i'm ready for bed        and it's still really early!
can't wait for the weekend   going to do some really fun stuff with my kids this weekend!!!   smile )
"bbq at the park with the kids        off to walmart to get backpacks first, <propmale> asks for one every morning   it's going to be a good day!!"
