fe24b95ff9854bc9aebc9e31d05516ce
happy new year!
loves her adorable kitties!
wishes things were obvious 
"i just want to watch firefly, why freshmen, why?!?"
has a love-hate relationship with her thesis 
has anyone seen my bike around?  it's a red trek and has gone mysteriously missing   let me know 
is done with linear algebra proofs forever!!!
is ready to be done with her thesis
turned in her thesis this morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is ready to be home  stupid linear algebra final 
is done with finals!  and as an added bonus most likely did not fail linear algebra!
just saw avatar on imax  greatest movie ever!!!
<propfemale> christmas!
"108 sun salutations for the new year, whoot!"
beige
lavender
is annoyed with the wednesday crossword for being so difficult 
has finished translating both of her <propmale> fulbright essays  whoot!
"they were two star-crossed lovers who had never met; like two hummingbirds, who had also never met "
just applied for a job and feels very accomplished 
"has misplaced her phone until at least monday   so if you've been trying to get ahold of me i'm not ignoring you, i just have no phone "
has gotten her phone back!
wishes she felt motivated to get things done   damn senioritis
just discovered that her computer (which she's had for 4 years) has an sd card reader and is excited that her camera is useful once again!
"is excited for her last class, in which we are making burritos and margaritas!"
is done with all her finals   officially done with college!!
looooooong drive      zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
wants to be home  less than 2 hours left!
has a <propfemale> at each hand   being home is not so bad 
"bored, bored, bored, bored, bored"
is annoyed that typing ups no longer redirects to pugetsound in our schools' url   stupid school changing it's stupid name *mutters darkly*
"is so, so glad federer won!"
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
loves her kitties!
"wishes that responses from interviews were faster, waiting sucks "
"now has two job offers and has to turn one down, which i suppose is a good problem to have "
wishes it was 4 smile 0 now!  7 hours is too long 
wishes graduate application procedures were more straightforward 
glad to be done with gre!
has no idea what to say in her stupid graduate school personal statement 
has her own car!
waiting for next year for post-season <propfemale>      sad 
wants friday!
i have decided to learn to put on chapstick and walk at the same time   i feel it's important to have goals in one's life 
has officially turned in her first graduate school application 
is ready for snow 
57 degrees?  seriously minnesota?  it's november!
"got called between 3 and 8 am by a non-english speaking girl from an international number 5 times!  ridiculous   also, i will be pissed if the phone company charges me "
"first snow, so awesome   also lit our fire for the first time of the season last night   i love winter in mn "
loves all her kitties very much 
it's hard to be b-b-b-brave when your such a sm-sm-sm-small animal
"freedom!  5 days of sweet, sweet freedom "
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! i  love  mn!"
"just ate a sandwich of leftover mashed potatoes and turkey, best part of thanksgiving "
3 7 graduate school applications submitted!
4 8 graduate applications submitted   stupid adding of a school to my list   but at least i'm half done!
"just applied to graduate school in norway   feeling pretty good about it  (5 8 complete, over halfway!!)"
snowstorm!!!!!
is officially off both jobs for 5 days   ahhhhhhhh!
submitted two more applications today   so close to done (7  smile !
i have officially finished applying to graduate school!  my christmas present to myself   now i can begin months of waiting to hear back 
snuggie = best gift ever
so exicted for saturday!
"every should chill out, your zodiac has not really changed   the western zodiac calendar (which is how all of us have defined our sign) is based on the equinoxes not the constellations, and has not changed (as the equinox does not shift)  now, can we go back to our lives "
"accepted to the u of m!!!!  therefore, officially attending graduate school somewhere!!!!!!"
is super excited about getting an assistantship offer at the u of mn!!
