8820321833ab0d629258d2d47a543eb9
trying to figure out how all this facebook thing works  if it's not as gay as the new myspace that'd be fucking awesome 
i'm gonna pick the world up and imma drop it on your fucking head
"maddd headache, but so worth it  btppa"
"planning my escape to ms patsie's&yoee's> smile   not looking forward to this \talk\"" when <propmale> gets off  blehh """
makin up my mindddd! such a hard thing to do  but it must be donee  damn decisions!
something doesn't set right with me  it'd help if i knew what 
it's nice to find out who's pocket that $500 ended up in  the precise reason you don't trust anyone but yourself  finishing up school then heading out 
schooltime; gettin down to business  makin yoee proud smile 
organizing my thought process may be the biggest obstacle i could overcome in life so far  but i hear the most rewarding things are always the most difficult 
hittin yoeeyayo up  goin to psychology if i'm not late  stay violent kids 
i want somewhere new 
nervous  i fucking hate doctors anyway  i can guess the problem and run made up tests all day 
man annoyed sir," i exist!\""\"8820321833ab0d62925 laugh 2d47a543eb9,"talked to my ashtoner, that put a smile on my face  i miss her and josh:'   gotta finish up school and then make <propmale>'s gma's birthday presenttt "
"mannn, fuck business and personal finance  i made it this far without knowing what a fiscal policy is, why do i need it now!"
finishin school and headin to my real home! btppa
 annoyed 
goin to catch some cancer and read my book 
joee <propfirst> clelland makes it worth while  if you're reading this; thank you  btppa
i've had to pee since twelve 
that phone call made everything okay for now  it's amazing how someone so far can make you feel so alive  thank you <propfemale> and brandon smile 
fuuuuck this school thing  too much to process at once sad 
just pull the fucking trigger already 
debating    only a few minutes to decide  should i stay or should i go? hmm 
guess not 
"when the fuck did cookie monster become vegetable montster? and <propmale> and <propmale> arent brothers, that doesnt make them less entertaining  and <propfirst> being a grouch made sense when he lived in a trashcan recycling is for people who care  what is the world coming to?! ripchildhood sesame street\ps good luck persuading kids to become better people for the future of mankind when you can't keep their attention assholes "
falling away from here 
mannn fuck computers
they're here!!! laugh 
i want for us to meet in montauk 
i figured out facebook is pretty lame for the most part 
"what is the world coming to? \i like wanton soup  that's just howi do\"" that's not music people!"""
nothing to do here  old peoples communities aren't as exciting as they sound 
ready for things to start getting better 
i miss it 
day 188 almost finished  187 more to go 
fuck my life i'm never going to finish this fucking essay  so much for me moving back 
so tireddddd 
feeling sick to my stomach annoyed   that's just about how life tends to go though 
"\there's a hole in the world like a great black pit  and it's filled with people who are filled with shit  and the vermin of the world inhabit it \"""""
"i love my joeeyoee  she makes me feel like i'm not such a fuck up, and maybe even a little normal "
"\even nothing cannot last forever\""-neil gaiman"""
"he could walk up to me and tell me to my face that he hates my guts and wish me dead, and i'd still love him all the same  what will it take to prove to myself that it's done "
andd the bad news keeps on comin  tomorrow's a new day  gonna work on some more school stuff then check on ms patsiee 
black ops=the shit  i love <propfirst>' house 
i should probably start school now    yeahhh i'll start school 
"haha, <propfemale> is definately a funny one  <propmale> darko and shutter island? sounds like a good night "
?                   ?                       ?                     ?                        ?                   ?
me? heartless? i can dig it 
"i feel like giving up  but that's just not an option  people say things will get better, but only time will tell "
"time to throw a party with one person on the list  ehh fuck it, why not "
the day's end sucked  time to dream 
almost 5 weeks leftt
"babysitting the kidss  poor caitlynn fell in a puddle haha, and <propmale> came to the rescue  they're so cute "
joee clelland makes my heart smile 
wow  i have no clue how these kids got tar all over them  but i'm stuck with getting them clean  it's gonna be one hell of adventure 
sore as hell from work  time for school   woooo 
just cause you're breathing doesn't mean you're alive 
"and then an old firmiliar face comes along that's so pure and innocent, it makes you see the good in the world for a change "
fucking stupid ass bros almost run my brother off the road  if they want to drive trucks that are as big as a house they should learn how to drive first!
damn junk mail!!!
"doesn't it suck when you start singing an old song you used to sing all the time, then you're sad because there's no one to share the moment with like before?"
most grandmas want their grandchildren to dress classy  not mine! she wants me dressed like a hooker! i'm not a piece of meat man 
"a little history, some tea and babysitting? it's gonna be an adventure "
ah water in my earr! which to blame; the ear or the water?
"holy shit  these kids are so good when it's just me, but then they can play my grandma like a fittle  they're going to be little evil genius bitches when they grow up  but it is kind of funny how they think they can out do me  goootta love the babies  "
modern warfare smile 
i want to see thorrrr!
<propfemale> sick  i want to feel better already sad 
fuck today 
today is going to be a good day  joee and <propfemale> are sickkk  poor girlies sad 
i've been bad today d:
wishing for something to do 
joee yoee reads my mind smile 
back to not looking forward to shit 
today started out pretty bad  but one phone call to my good friend in old non-mexico and i'm ecstatic laugh  gracias senor gage!
"wow  attention everyone, <propmale> alt is cleaning  i repeat <propmale> alt is cleaning, this is not a drill, this is not a drill!"
"\i hope always to have the courage to push on to greater failures \"" --<propfirst> o'neill"""
"long day, cancelled plans   maybe i'll see if <propfirst> can kick it  or go play some video games with chris smile "
"two days work, 13 hours on this lady's yard and she's so generous she gives me $22 00  fucking old people "
joee <propfirst> clelland makes me so happy  i'm so grateful i have her in my life  shower time 
don't gain the world and lose your soul  wisdom is better than silver or gold 
"it's amazing how i can't make myself get ready for hours, and then when joee tells me to and i automatically start getting ready  life's weird that way "
the clock keeps ticking but nothings changing 
ahhh two hours on this stupid project and it got fucking erased  i guess i can look on the bright side and make it better than the first draft  i'm just bummed i have to do all that work again 
finished my history project for the second time and got an a suckassss! time to finish up the english project and then maybe time to <propfemale> out with someone??
read the whole book and finished all the tests in one day laugh   i'm proud  gonna gooo   start doing something exciting 
"finished earlyy  i feel better than last night  waiting on a call, then going adventuring to help a friend move smile "
stomach pains are back  what the fuck is wrong with it!
attention everyone: gage is apparently special  just throwing that out there  time to get ready and wait for something to come my way 
cranberries are sorted by ripeness by bouncing them 
just another fucking day 
<propfemale>; \yeah cause puerto ricans are from portugal right? oh," or panama \""\"8820321833ab0d62925 laugh 2d47a543eb9,"i'm stupid stoked to see ms rodgers, samlatte, and mama laugh ! gonna be funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
it was a fun day with ms rodgers at the water park  my brother just topped off the night  i hope tomorrow will be just as good 
"kicked <propfemale>'s ass  feelin good, chillin with <propfirst> and ashleen "
here we go again 
"sex, drugs, and rock n' roll "
going swimming with the miss rodgers <propmale> and jamers smile   it's a good day smile 
tomorrow will be better smile 
everyone's off tomorrow   fuck 
"tired as hell, going to my new cousins tomorrow with my ashleeny "
leaving early in the morning sad 
i miss henderson sad 
"cinnamon and sugary and softly spoken lies \you never know just how you look through other people's eyes "
hanging out with lotus and two new friends  i needed a good day like this smile 
"i had a really good day, it felt good to kick it with some homies  ahh, anddd now that's over  <propfirst> just pisses me off sometimes, he can be such a prick while being so nice "
"time to take a shower, and possibly get ahold of <propfemale> <propfemale>, then it's dream time smile "
tonight was freakin great for the most part  watchin dispicable me!
sheeeeeeesh  good news everyone! i'm sittin on a comfy bed smile 
"\don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy \""--the eagles"""
"i'm such a fucking asshole sometimes  fuck yesterday, and fuck today "
i wish i was somewhere else 
lotus makes me feel special smile   and like i'm not such a freak all the time  he's a keeper 
whaaaaat is wrong with <propfemale>?! gonna go see a movie and forget about back pains smile 
some people don't deserve the shit thrown at them 
"lotus is so freakin sweet, i'm lucky i'm not diabetic "
"ahhh feel sick to my stomach now, awesome  cause it's not like i have a thousand things to do today or anything  fuck "
so much fun today and now i'm tired as hell  gonna catch some z's and do the rest of my essay in the morning 
"damnnn i hella played into some stupid ass shit  i feel kinda bad  but i'm sure i'll be straight  said fuck it, starting to type my essay smile "
shark week? gangster  enough said 
"leaving  going to that one place, maybe down the street or up the way "
"some things make my stomach turn inside out  cigarette, shower, sleep  fuck the world today "
ahh so confused annoyed 
hooooooooooly shit  fall asleep and people think you ran off to start a drug cartel in colombia  fuck my life 
waiting for 1 surprise 0 to roll around  it seems so far away  hopefully everything works out and i can leave smile 
i love joee 
man all i want to do is lay down and fuckin cry today and i don't give a fuck who knows it 
"outta here, over there, or maybe inbetween "
ahhh how the hell do i burn my toes? mann they hurt  gonna do some laundry then go see my sisters smile 
i miss them annoyed   gonna try to do the endless list of chores and get the fuck outta hereeee 
<propfemale> va bbaa ahh
done  please let me sleep until like three in the afternoon  it'd be amazing 
"friggity frack, this shit is wack "
empty 
laaaake? laugh 
"today was so much fun  it's just what i needed  lake, then the strip, and nowww adventures else where  thank god "
"ahh i think i broke my toe even more trying to pop it back in place  now it's all swollen  it's grody, you should see it smile "
"wow  just when i thought the day couldn't get any worse  fucking fantastic  thanks for being so nice, you know who you are "
went out to the lake again and swam hella far  i had a blast   so why do i still feel like shit?
the right way isn't always the easy way  but it had to be done  right?
"sick as fuck, but got a lot of applications  now to go get more and then make peanut butter balls with the sister smile "
<propfemale> garden with <propmale> <propfemale> and savannah! smile 
"fuck it, i'm done smile "
it's awesome to feel thrown away 
done with school for today  gonna clean then go to ashleenies smile 
sick and bored annoyed 
all clean  napping is not an option annoyed  can't wait for bed
one less bitch in my life! it feels good  like i've been reborn  time to find something to do 
i wonder if i'll ever see my bracelet again  he just had to get locked up with it didn't he? dilhole 
"gage, the <propfirst> to my <propfemale>, is fucking hilarious  bow down bitches!"
"it's so early it makes me sick  i'd hate to have to be up at this time every morning  going back to sleep, lake las vegas at 9  good night crackheads "
man   his voice shakes my bones  long day today  gotta figure out what's next 
"<propfemale> is funny as hell  had a busy day, saw a lot of people and gotta watch a movie about <propmale> bundy smile  gangster!"
<propfirst> idol love   enough said 
ohhh my god  fuck the world today 
"this is for all the strong people who have been through a lot in life and survived  i am strong because i know weakness, i am compassionate because i have e playful erienced suffering, i am alive because i am a fighter, i am wise because i've been foolish, i can laugh because i have known sadness  i can love because i've known loss  repost if you are a strong person who has weathered the storm but still loves to dance in the rain!"
i want to watch the aristocats and duck tales really bad!
why do i miss people? i miss the old days  annoyed 
joee texted me laugh ! guess who feels loved? that's right! me! i love her 
the true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be 
"1  your best friend: lotus flower\2 the kid eating glue: <propfirst> hall\3 the kid who steals your crayons: <propfirst> andrew\4  the teacher's pet: <propfirst> landon\5  the kid picking their nose: gage lunsford\6  the bully: <propmale> costello\7  the class clown: zach parker\8: the nerd: <propmale> vollmer\\haha, a lot of them are dead on "
"you're at a party and everyone gets arrested  use the first 10 people on your list\1 punched a cop: <propfirst> boyce\2 threw up on a cop: <propfirst> landon\3 made a run for it: lotus flower\4 tried to cry their way out: <propfirst> <propfirst> (nottt)\5 too drunk to comprehend: <propmale> vollmer\6 dancing on the car: <propfirst> harper\7  in the cop car already: <propfemale> luna\8 sat in fetal position in fear: <propfemale> han\9 was spinning in circles: <propfemale> sugden\10 got away: gage lunsford"
sometimes i just want to lose myself in everything 
well fuck yesterday but i'm goin down to the district to look for some jobs and then headin to see if dude will show up to fix my tattoo  hit me up if you have my digits 
donate to the <propfemale> needs money asap donation  you can reach us at my cell number 
guess i'm breakin another one of my moral codes  but who fuckin cares 
i think i'm just gonna sleep til tomorrow 
blehhhh  just woke up  have to shower do some work then go back to sleep  gotta get up eaaaaaarly to head out to flamingo for a few hours   yaaaay 
finally enrolled in the school i wanted! today was long but it was so worth it 
the epic of gilgamesh suuuuuucks  but you gotta do what you gotta do 
"<propfirst> moreland is fucking amazing! i've missed him so much, and he just made everything seem okay  i love this kid smile "
"passd by basic to get gas, all i want to say is thank you hot senior guys for running with no shirts on "
"sleepy sad   but i have to do some yard work, clean up the kitchen, finish my packet and turn in my applications  ahhh  maybe i'll catch a nap in between finishing my packet and turning in my apps smile "
who wants to bring me a gatorade? smile 
"so tired annoyed   went down to eastern turned in an app, went to walmart to find out they didn't have any calendars, went to the mall ran up and down the stairs four times to find the fucking calendar place, got the calendar, picked my mom up, dropped my brother the card, picked up a bunch of prickly branches filled up four trash cans, and i have an appointment at six thirty on flamingo  when does sleep come?"
goodfuckingnight 
"ahh, slept in til 9 this morning  it felt so right  gonna go get the car and find somethin to eat! hmm  eggs??"
tired as fuck  there's nothing i love more than two drunks fighting outside my window when i'm tryin to sleep 
"you are in a horror movie that takes place at your house  \the 1st to die: catelyn blumenthal\the person who runs upstairs instead of out the door: <propfemale> shaw\the killer: <propfemale> lanning\hides in the closet: <propfemale> raechel woodruff\saves the day: <propfirst> moreland\the cop: <propmale> costello\the smart one that survives: <propmale> alt\the hostage: <propfirst> hall(i'm sure they'll kill him off)"
"i'm pretty sure i still don't want to be up for a few more hours  but i'm not sure  so i'll just sit in my room until i decide, cause once someone knows i'm awake, i'm fucked for the rest of the day!"
"oooooh shit, svu is gettin inteeeeense laugh "
people who've been to my house always ask me why i have vhs tapes  i kept all my original disney movies in case i have kids in the future so they can see what real cartoons are  i'm sure in 10-20 years people will ask why i still have dvds too 
http annoyed  data whicdn com images 12226371 tumblr_loczelgkgg1qftjf4o1_500_thumb jpg hahah
there's been days where i want nothing more than to hit him square in the face  but today i really miss him 
gonna write the rest of my story then go take a test and head out to sweet tomato to talk to the manager! i need more energy  who wants to spare some for me?
yummm i forgot how delicious throwing up was  i'm soooo glad i woke up today annoyed 
   great end to a great day i guess 
ooo i'm done with this shit now  i could've spent my morning doing so many other things  talk about being disrespectful  f that 
"when you have an idea and someone says sleep on it, you probably should, but probably won't "
i have about 100 and something pages to read in a few hours  is it possible?   i think so!
to my real home  up up and away!
"making it, and making it my way smile  "
pokemon love 
"sleep deprived, watch out world don't mess with me today "
"i hope i find out what happens soon, i'm all topsy turvey feeling "
i used to love the smell of roses  now they make my stomach turn  funny how that works  i didn't even know until i smelt one the other day and took me back 
"my stomachs in knots  pretty tired, i think i'm gonna catch some sleep and calm down a little  maybe fall asleep to a kick ass movie like natural born killers? i think so "
"forgetting is hard to do  oh well  gotta do some more cleaning, and thennnn    go wherever the wind blows me smile "
went to the car show up on water street and now i'm drained  gotta wake myself up so i can go to <propfirst>'s party later (<propfirst> you're lucky i love you or i'd say fuck that)  i feel a nap coming on 
"on my way to <propfirst>'s  so tired, but excited for tomorrow if i can kick it with an old friend smile "
"ahhh, i hope 2 surprise 0 never gets here "
"ahh fuck it  i'm turning the day around to make her happy, i just have to find the motivation to get ready "
"facebook just released their price grid for membership  $9 99 per month for gold member service, $6 99 per month for silver member service, $3 99 per month for bronze member service, free if you copy and paste this message before midnight tonight  when you sign on tomorrow morning you will prompted for payment info    it is official  it was even on the news  facebook will start charing due to new profile changes  if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you  please pass this message on, if not your account will be deleted of you do not pay"
i guess my plans are out the window  not looking forward to sitting here til i fall asleep annoyed 
"it may not have been for very long, but i'm really happy i got to go out and <propfemale> out  that made my day smile "
i should've just slept all day today 
"fuck it, i need a new game plan  fuck feelings! smile "
"woooo, cannot wait for someone to knock their lights out! i know it might be harsh, but it's only harsh if they don't deserve it  gonna dance around to music and finish my packet before douchebag gets home "
how is it possible to be that drunk when you just got off a fucking plane? he never seizes to amaze me  i wonder if this is a good enough excuse to sleep at ashleens smile 
"wack dreams all night  way too tired to do this, but i have to  gonna get ready and do my thing "
"oh mann  not going again today  people need to stop slackin! gonna shower and get ready for the day  doctors appointments start at 3, who wants to kick it?"
"dude! what the fuck  these slackers are pissin me off  this will be the third application i've done for them  it's like talking to cops, \no ma'am even though you've told all the other 20 officers individually you're gonna need to tell me personally because i can't just walk over there and talk to them \"" what the fuck!"""
diggin myself deeper and deeper in this hole 
ohhh shit  completely in that hole now 
"well that's one way to wake up  maybe it's an omen    who knows  gonna do a shit ton of work today  hope it's a good day, and pray it ends better than it did yesterday "
maybe if you pretend long enough it'll seem real  fingers crossed!
man oh man  awesome  trying not to sweat this stuff isn't working out so well  maybe i'll just stay in this weekend and say fuck plans 
really? officially disgusted  fuck the world 
finally done with my packet! time to shower! then an over the phone follow up interview and eleven  wish me luck!
i don't want to go back to the doctor crying 
