3f5c9e47755099f51bce535350cbb22f
   decided to get a job   woe is me
never thought i'd say this but    i'm ready to go back to school 
21 feels great
had a great day with the family! i'm very blessed 
"<propmale> <propmale> needs to be in the nfl hof  pay your child support \city champ\""!"""
i'm a business
watching <propfemale> <propmale>    how u doin?
on facebook
listening to some old classic r&b
is restless 
"\leave your gift there in front of the altar  first go and be reconciled to your brother; then come and offer your gift \"" --<propfirst> 5:24"""
is excited for the saints preseason!!!
"i know this is the 3rd-4th team in now, but i'm enjoying the intensity     int!!!"
"the defense did very well tonight  if this was vanilla, i can't wait for the regular season "
is mad at ull for offering such crappy classes!!! do they even want me to graduate???!!!
is sleepy 
as soon as i start ragging on my school they go an put me in the conference center!!! thanks ul  lol
this better not be a joke! i'm too excited 
watching the sentinel  decent movie   
"watching \there goes the neighborhood\""    weird show"""
"watching armywives   the best show on tv   \accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory \""                                             -- <propfirst> s  patton"""
getting ready to go back to school   
waiting on the world to change    i'll be waiting for a while
back from a long day of shopping    i spent a whopping $27    bargain baby!!!
is getting back in the zone    school that is
surprise surprise
thinking about getting a <propmale> piercing    hmm should i or shouldn't i?
there should be a cap on textbook costs   this is a shame   $640+ on books and another $60 for taxes    and since when they added local and state? am i missing something? i must be trippin
i should have thought twice before taking 19 hours  sad 
"\dig the well before you are thirsty\""  -- chinese proverb"""
love love looove    la- surprise -ooove    lol
had a blast from the past    for like  5 seconds
you only meet your once in a lifetime friends    once in a lifetime
on my way to stat 214    anybody here speak korean?
*in my nene voice*--don't be tardy for the party   
"1 more class, and then i'm off to texas for the weekend"
back in louisiana
i must me the only one that didn't watch lil <propmale>'s behind the music    woe is me
"rain, rain go away, i wanted to go to the mall today     sad "
"she's original, gotta give her that"
i still want that pottery wheel    r i p <propfirst> swayze 
<propfirst> is a mess
watchin sum old videos on youtube
i hope the cajuns can keep it close   
got a long day ahead of me   
just found out i did much better on my biology exam than i e playful ected to  my bad week just got better 
it's amazing how life goes on  sometimes you think you really need something and time passes and you forget all about it  time truly heals all wounds(well some of them anyway)  gotta take life one day at a time and try not to sweat the small stuff    because it really doesn't matter 
shout out my soul for the love of god (repeat like 4x) i forgot the rest   
i saw one of the new camaro's on campus today    i had to fight the urge to touch
"gotta keep things in perspective    \life's                            a voyage that's homeward bound\""                            ---<propmale> melville"""
watchin panic room    that is my movie
lsu got away with one today    hopefully my cajuns can too  wink 
my saints won at smashmouth football   the d is beastin and will smith grant showed up    wow
i'm so tired of homework
i want some krispy kreme
just got back from the emergency room    long day  sad 
enjoying my break
mad at the world
thankful to be back in lafayette safely  i had to drive through that crazy storm on i49(wow)    it was crazy--to say the least
"i forgot how graphic \the miracle of life\"" was  sad """
listening to avant & keke <propmale>
geaux cajuns!!! great game!!!
is feeling sick  sad     and it's raining
"\passion makes the world go round  love just makes it a safer place \""  ~~~ice t"""
i thought <propmale> <propfirst> was in love with a girl named <propfirst> jane   i was very mistaken
studying for my spanish exam  sad 
ya'll in <propfemale> better be payin attention to the prez   lol
wishin' my girl deedie a happy birthday!!!
watchin pay it off on bet    this is too easy
watchin johnq   one of the best movies of all time
watchin the pjs    i used to love this show when it first came out
my saints lookin good
fumble!!!
the giants are looking itty bitty
"i can't wait to hear all about how the giants weren't healthy, yada yada yada    we're kicking their butts   and handing it to them"
classic win for the saints    one for the history books 
i wouldn't be surprised if the titans take shots at brady   why is he still even in the game? 45-0 at the half
i hate the falcons
it's a shame that people can't get an eduaction without worring about getting stabbed    smh
*or shot up or something
wth is wrong with people
abra cadabra *poof*
"[rant]nphc step show-1st, how dare they charge $10 to see them stop thier feet(and do some played out dances) on that  rickety stage!!! 2nd, how dare they have this \event\"" in the  ballroom--it's not like they had to pay to rent the place!      to be continued"""
i want some funnel cake
what i learned today: that 'stickem' on those gloves is really sticky
the saints are the best team in the nfl! 21-point deficit? no problem  wildcat? no problem  yes indeed folks  believe it 
<propmale> tut looks like he would have grew up to be a hottie     wink 
i can't wait for the hornets game tonight  they're gonna surprise a lot of people this season  it's a great time to be a new orleans sports fan!!!
"laughing at my sister listening to \bill\"" lol"""
"i can't stand the spurs!!! ugh    hornets gotta play better defense    <propmale> <propfirst> needs to get out of his 'daze'    i can't believe we passed on blair(even though he doesn't have an acl, wtf?)"
"so my hornets lost tonight    it's just 1 game in an 82-game season  okafor looked good  cp was his usual amazing self  west was west   peja is old and our bench leaves everything to be desired    that being said, i think they can win 50+ games this season "
"\life is just one damned thing after another \"" ----erbert hubbard    the weekend needs to hurry up"""
gettin ready to take my psychology test   
this semester is going by fast    i'm actually enjoying it  smile     i guess that's why lol
can't wait to go to new orleans today!!!
"they're either taken or have baggage(kids)    ugh, time to start back at 1"
in new orleans    so excited
i'm so tired  my weekend didn't go exactly like i thought it would  i hope next time it'll be better   smile  i will be back new orleans!!! get ready!!!
i hate the falcons! go saints!!!
how bout dem saints!!!
these refs sucks  a pushoff and a hold? what does it take to get a call?
"come on <propfemale>, u gotta do better than tha man "
saints had to make it interesting  7-0 ya heard
so sleepy but i don't wanna go to sleep
watching <propfemale>    my new favorite tv show
i don't wanna go take this spanish exam  sad 
cp3 for mvp!!! woooo
"yankees win the world series!!! yay, hopefully people leave a-rod alone  he had a great postseason  let's hear it for new yoooork   "
great win for my hornets tonight!!!
"the raptors were on fire tonight(especially in the 3rd q)--they couldn't miss from 3  they live & die by the 3, tonight they were as hot as ever  long season folks  it's just november "
hmmm alabama vs florida in the sec championship game    the refs had to fight hard to make it happen    congrats to them 
i can't stand <propmale> saban or urban meyer  i hope the earth opens up for them and their teams to fall in    never to be heard from again 
come on saints!!!
the d steped up when they had to   surprise !!! go saints!!!
"i hate kobe and his lakers    ugh come on cp3, ur the real mvp!!!"
go away <propfemale>!!
"i love seeing my hornets on espn, but these late tip-offs have me going to sleep late"
the hornets are looking pathetic right now    luckily it's still early in the season 
the hornets have a lot of work to do  that is all 
"\hornets fire coach <propmale> scott\""    season down the drain already?"""
i'm so pissed at ull right now     what's the point of listing classes in your *new* bulliten if you're not going to offer them in the fall or the spring? what type if crap is that? bs is what it is 
waitin patiently for some suckaz to drop out of spanish 102 so i can get in   
saints 9-0    btu do they have to give us all heart attacks on the way???
saints cb <propfirst> <propmale> could possibly have a torn acl    this sucks with the pats coming to town in 2 weeks   sad  i hope it's just a strain or deep bruise  we can't afford to lose any more guys from the defense 
the colts aren't looking good    saints might be the only undefeated team left  who woulda thought that?
check out the colts!!! i can't stand the pats!!!
statistics exam tomorrow morning    pray for me ya'll
is having one of those days  sad 
just put the finishing touches on my psychlogy term paper    i'm so glad to be done 
"anybody need to know about \marital status and intergenerational solidarity\""    hit me up lol"""
statistics didb't go so well    if only my professor could speak clear english--maybe just maybe things would be better    just a thought
the hornets put on a real show tonight  i wish i was in the arena to see it    tnt wasn't that bad though     wink 
i want a puppy
let's go saints!!!     stop spotting these crappy teams points
"okay buccaneers, thanks for playing "
saints 10-0!!! who dat!!!
double or nothing
about to hit the highway    be safe if you're traveling 
let the haters hate
happy thanksgiving!!!    for my saints fans    happy saintsgiving!!!
monday night can't come fast enough    who dat!!!
it's this one thing that got me trippin'   
11-0    go saints!!! that is all 
i made a 98 on my psychology research paper    yay!!!
it's crunch time
i wish they leave tiger woods alone    he's human just like the rest of us    with his 'transgressions' lol    and peja with his 'personal issues'    we need to stop treating these guys like gods 
can't wait to be in new orleans tomorrow!!!
so glad to be done with that comunication class!!!
"i just saw it was 39 degrees on twc, can't wait for it to snow while i'm here in <propfemale>     smile  i'll stay up if i have to lol"
go saints!!! 12-0 baby    nfc south champs!!!
just getting back from my spanish final    ¿cómo estás?
this statistics exam is making me restless    i can't wait to go to the almost-midnight pancake breakfast at <propfirst> <propfemale> tonight!!!
"2 exams down, 3 to go    it's gonna be a lonnng week  sad "
i'm never ever taking 18 hours again    never ever!!!
great win for the hornets tonight!!! only 1 back of  500    go hornets!!!
finished with finals!!! thank you lord!!!
watchin criminal minds(reruns) on a&e    best  show  ever 
watching miami vice
just getting back from the emergency room    being sick sucks  sad 
better to lose now than in the playoffs  go saints!!! the lombardi trophy is all that matters 
making my gingerbread house    pics coming soon
happy new years!!! drink responsibly!!!  wink 
gettin ready to go back to school    i can see the finish line!!!
not feeling too well    i'm so conjested--miserable  sad 
i've fallen in love with gabe fom intervention    omg    i need to raise my standards
sending  up prayers for haiti
"on the schedule for wed : spanish 102, history 381(wars & revolutions), cafs 440(family law & public policy), cafs 439 (parent education), cafs 432 (families in crisis)    that's 7 hours of classes    whoa na"
my spanish is so <propmale>
rip <propmale> p 
who dat?
<propmale> bus breakin ankles out there! go saints!!!
ready for the viqueens!!! who dat!!!
let's not forget why many of us have the day off    mlk paved the way 
come on hornets!!!
juju    where are your long ssocks?
ugh hornets    how do ya'll let a guy with no cartillage dunk on ya'll? i can't stant the spurs 
alright hornets    keep getting stops and makin shots
"first the call a phantom travel on thornton, then they call a crap ticky tack foul on collison     all the while missing  <propmale> <propmale>'s tripping our guy    bs nba refs"
"hornets fought back, but you can't start like that and e playful ect to win the game "
i wish these girls  next door shut up    why they wann try an put on a concert at 12:24 am? wtf?!!!
watching criminal minds    best show on tv!
so glad the week is almost over
this is crazy    i can't fall asleep
we goin to the superbowl!!!!!
who dat!!!!
we goin' ya'll we going!!!!
i may have to name my son <propmale> hartley    lol
how sweet it is!!!
"great win hornets, in a very tough place to play!!!! wooooo cp3 with the game winner "
"thinking about becoming a census worker    i need a job, they have jobs    perfect fit    especially since the work study office is giving me the run-around  smh"
can't wait to go home on friday    i need a break
the rain sucks
i'm so sleepy right now  gn fb!
watchin rupaul's drag race on vh1    it's a trip
"i just saw fr  <propfirst> on espn    if i weren't lutheran, that'd definitly be the congregation that i'd love to be a member of "
i'm lovin the new look fb  good job!!!
it's gameday!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> brees for mvp!!!
the saints have won the superbowl    that means i have to keep my promise(to myself) to make the <propfirst>'s list   
why did vinsanity had to happen to my hornets? smh
i can't wait to go to new orleans on friday for a great mardi gras    but i still need somethin to wear    i might buy *somebody* a drink  wink 
leaving for new orleans around 2pm    hopefully this ice mess is gone  i don't like it when mardi gras weekend is cold   sad 
so happy to be in new orleans right now    even though i'm tired from all the driving    i will be at nomtoc in the morning    gots 2get my rest
"i know love can make people blind, but my goodness, some people need to wake up    real talk"
toothaches are the worst thing ever  sad 
i'm kinda sick of school right now    hopefully i break out of this funk and get back to business
i'm so sad that i won't get to see sharper tonight  he should have come on a saturday or something
have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn <propfemale>?
them hungry hungry hippos in the cafeteria ate all the cheesecake again today!!! omg smh    they must camp out in there or somethin
@ verizon wireless    getting my sister phone updated    she better not burn this one out
i need some retail therapy
"just finished 2 cold war essays, now it's timet o go to sleep    i'm so tired    gnfb"
my lil sis up in here lookin like <propfirst> huxtable(sp) lol    she just washed her hair
i can't wait to get to new orleans on 3 12    will see friends & fam
"just came from seeing dr  <propmale> <propfirst>  it was inspirational, motivational and educational "
not feelin too well  sad      but i am not missin class
just finished up some spanish homework   whew
"well, there goes obama's bracket"
just realized i only have about 7 classes[including an internship] to take before graduation    wow i'm so close 
nfl games are going to go on forever now   
listening to love ballad by l t d 
just finished taking a nap  i needed that 
liars and cheaters!    it's sad when they're your parents
i'm so glad the hornets won    plus i can't stand the lakers  my sacrafice has paid off 
happy easter!!!
how did i get stuck babysitting on my spring break? idk   
almost got into an accident today    ppl need to stay off the phones while driving
i've been havin 2 much fun on my spring break    back 2 school 2moro
"\my life has a superb cast but i can't figure out the  plot\""  ~ashleigh brilliant"""
just signed up for the americorps    something i've always wanted to do 
"when i stand before god at the end of my life, i would  hope that i would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say,  \i used everything you gave me \""  ~erma bombeck"""
just filled out my census form    i feel like i've done my part    have you filled out your census form yet?
"ugh, will this semester ever end?"
just getting back from the lagniappe week crawfish boil    had a great time with the sis    had a nice laugh at the dude next 2 us that was eatin with latex gloves on    lol    he must be 4rm outta town
"with the saints picking a db, i think sharper's a goner  imho"
"watchin \the hills have eyes ii\"" with the sis    how dude end up in a porta potty?"""
"\no vegetables!!!!\"" [inside joke]"""
just finished up some spanish homework    ugh     will this semester ever end?
"jesus answered, \i am the  way and the truth and the life  no one comes to the father except  through me \"" --<propfirst> 14:6"""
"1 final down, 2 more to go    gettin to the good part soon"
"i'm so glad to be done with finals! i got me a nice chocolate chip cookie and a fruit, yogurt, & granola dessert to celebrate!!! my summer has officially began!"
<propmale> survives!!! survivor is a trip  lol
this job-hunting thing ain't goin too well    smh    1 day @ a time
can't wait to start my new job next week    $$$
getting ready to go to work
"i drink coke, but the pepsi man is cute  wink "
payday 2moro    going 2 the mall this weekend    great sales
i wish the people around me were feeling as good as i do right now     sad  back to work 2moro    i've enjoyed my 2 days off
in new orleans having fun with the fam    can't wait for the party tonight
thanks for all the birthday wishes  it's been a great day!
"gotta get my laptop back up and running, this is ridiculous"
"back at school, ready to get this last year over"
feeling a bit aggravated  sad 
still can't get my computer to work after spending nearly $150 at best buy    ugh
my saints lookin real good    two dat? i think so
"i'm the definition of \broke college student\"" right now   smh"""
first day of lab 2moro    so scared
r i p  toshiba a55-s1063     you will be missed *tear*
"new orleans is alive and well  why? it's in us, the people  buildings don't make new orleans  they don't keep the culture alive  we do  levees don't keep new orleans alive  being afraid sure isn't new orleans  we come from a strong heritage and people that made new orleans the strong and resilient \place\"" that it is    and of course two dat!!!"""
"lol, some people think they know everything[insider]"
i hope that one of these days (before i graduate) i get the <propmale> to kick someone off their bike for riding on the sidewalk   
getting ready to watch the saints put it down again     who dat!!!
who dat! we beat the viqueens at thier own game tonight  no fluke 
"having my first gyro sandwich, it's delish"
"so much to do, so little time"
"lol, the pats suck    i'm lovin it   "
"i wonder how i would be recieved if i wore a shirt that said \don't free weezie\""   """
saints win in a close one    too close for comfort  our oline needs a good talkin to 
that mango smoothie was delish
"faith: *high five*  \good game ya'll\""\",3f5c9e47755099f51bce535350cbb22f,"as much as i hate to admit this, the falcons deserved to win the game today  they brought their a+ game and the saints brought their d- game "
hartley is gonna need police escort on his way home  poor guy 
easy <propmale>    yum
don't feel like going to spanish class today  sad 
i feel like i got carpal tunnel after that history exam     sad 
the cable in this dorm would wanna come back on    that's included in my tuition    cox and ull need to be on their ish
single and loving it    most of the time    lol
i feel like a lion in a zoo
play of the game: usama young tackle    who dat?!
addicted to mahjong titans
<propfirst> <propmale> and plies look like they could be brothers
getting ready to go to lab    idk if i feel like dealing with these 3 & 4 y olds this morning    ugh
smh    people get dogs and get mad when they start barking [insider]
"just got back from the game    it was competitive until the 4th q    against the 22nd ranked team in the country, that's all i could ask for  go cajuns!"
watching lsu    i think they beat the gators tonight
great win for lsu    the madhatter does it again    the guy just wins
"hard loss for my saints today  once we get healthy, we'll be alright  who dat!! please get well soon: <propmale>, pt, <propmale>, sharper, smith "
welcome to the saints <propmale> jones!
"lol wow, the hornets win and sportscenter shows heat \highlights\""? wtf"""
"smh   my lil sis is so into color, i told ha she gone miss ha chocolate blessing    lol"
i love em but lil <propmale> is the #1 rapper of the 21st century 
"whipping together a history paper for monday afternnoon   idk why i wait till the last minute, maybe thats when i do my best writing   when the pressure is on    lol this is stressful though"
saints fans were in full effect in tampa today  yall represented  who dat! we dat! two dat!
c o 2011    i can't wait
"omg, these inconsiderate, ratchet, country b!tches in this dorm are p!ssing me off right now  as soon as i fall asleep they decides to have meeting time  wtf! it's 12 smile 0 a m  and the b!tches of bonin dorm are meeting to see who can get the most fugged up tonight  really? really?"
this is an educational institution  some of us need our rest for the educational activities we have to do on the following(or should i say later on that) day  this is the reason why 45% of them came b!tches will be on academic probation or out of school in 2 mths  smh
enjoying baskin robbins very <propfirst> straw<propfirst> ice cream     laugh 
"not going to the ragin' cajuns homecoming    i'd rather watch lsu play auburn  i feel a lil bad, but they wont notice i'm not there   smile "
<propmale> tebow wears cam <propmale> pajamas 
lol    snl is a trip for that wranglers open fly skit
"bad loss for my saints today  brees was horrible and special teams was too  we have a great coaching staff will get this team together  4-3 ain't the end of the world  steelers come to town next week, let's show em what black and gold really looks like "
the heat should rename themselves as the cold  lmbo    this is great tv
let's go hornets!
"i'm looking over my internship application, i might end up at the food stamp office, smh    i do not want to go there   sad "
who dat! the real black & gold showed up tonight 
so i woke up at 6:45 and come to find out that my lab was cancelled this week    i could have slept til 10    smh  i gotta check my email more 
"watching gangland    some of these dudes too cute to be in gangs    its sad to see people with potential go down the wrong path  if they put the effort into doing something legal, this country would have many more millionaires & billionaires "
saints win 
"hornets win! bayless has been workin on my nerves all season, but he showed up tonight  7-0"
lolz lakers    the hornets might be the only undefeated team left soon
i wonder what it's gonna take for people to try and see life through another persons eyes  i wonder what it'll take for people to think about the consequences of their actions before they commit them  what will make people actually care?
it's okay hornets  we get them again in 2 days  ariza knocks those down more times than not 
"jacket zipped up, short shorts & winter boots    why people why"
how <propmale> trip oak and it's not a flagrant? crap refs
"watching \ton of love\"" on tlc    <propfirst> is a trip    i woulda made him sew his own suit"""
nice win for the saints today  7-3 who dat! we dat! two dat!
just finished my lesson plan for next week    they better like it
"just finished the longest paper of my life, preparing for the longest presentation of my life, getting ready to finish the best semester of my life, got rid of tyrie & dew, my pumpkin bread was off the chain, got a full tank of gas    o yeah, im on cloud 9"
ima bout to catch a case    lol    that used to be my song
"listening to \the good shepherd\"" by <propfemale> adams    i love love love this song"""
cp3 is awesome!
just did my presentation    i don't think it went well    hopefully my professor shows some mercy
i hate it when professors start finals 1 5 hrs after they were supposed to begin    i might need that whole 2 5 hrs smh
the cold got me    hopefully it'll be over by this weekend  annoyed 
about to go take my history final
"random thought: i remember when booksacks with wheels came out, my momma bought me a suitcase and told me it was the same thing    smh"
glad to be back on campus    ready to get this last semester over!!! still dat!
i think the ducks gonna win    nobody pickin em really
bye-bye ducks
2 minutes and then a commercial? cmon bet
why med school why?
now why they go and do that?
good first day so far but i still gotta get started with the internship    can't wait for may  smile 
let's go hornets!
fakers vs  the blunder    i don't know who to root against
lets go hornets!
great win for the cardiac hornets!!!
about 2 go 2 my internship for the 1st time    so nervous
had a good day at my internship
y&r workin on my nerves
"8 hrs down, 142 more to go    long semester in front of me"
go hornets!!! rockin that gold i like
the hornets put it down tonight! new orleans: where amazing happens!!
go pack!
let's go hornets! we can't lose to the okc blunder again
nothin but net cp3! woooooo!
d west!!! ftw
"about to go to class, then internship    looong day ahead of me"
"done with class today    now on to the real school, internship"
"faith babyfaith o'connor i'm listening to your jam \chocolate high\""  smile """
ya'll can do better than this hornets  sad 
missing: new orleans hornets-->  last seen on 1-26-11 in the bay area  sad 
bs in phoenix    that was a foul  nice comeback but the refs suck
<propfemale> sista wrong 4 that    she approaching <propfemale> status
"nene trippin, she used to be the realest one on there, smh"
j  smith doin his thing 2night! let's get the w 
hornets win! i was a bit nervous for a while though
"lil <propmale> stupid for \green & yellow\"" lol"""
let's get the w hornets!
wow refs suckin on the lakers already smh
c p 3  nuff said
wow refs wow
bellinelli took thornton's shot    this dude needs to go back to wherever he came from
whoa pack! 14-0
l steelers wow! go pack!
am i the only 1 not enjoying this halftime show?
so now they wanna give the game to the steelers    bs call
ugliest fg ever?
this game     4th & 5
i wonder if polomalu took that bet
"i can't parallel park to save my life, smh"
so my hornets decided to not play tonight  sad 
"hornets lose  sad      again, okafor & ariza need to come back asap"
<propfemale> who?
o m g need u now again?!!!11
that's it? they over? worst  award  show  ever 
3 more months and im on to bigger and better things
cute white boy doin maintenance in my dorm room    #take ya time
"time to take jarret <propfirst> out the game, he's missed 17 layups"
the knicks <propmale>? really? jay-z loses again lol
trying to get over this writer's block  sad 
"this essay is coming together nicely, 3 more pages 24more hours, i got this  wink "
deron <propmale> to the nets    wowz    time to lock up cp3
why <propfemale> why? #y&r
so the hornets traded <propmale> thornton    i don't like moves at the deadline for the sake of making a move  mt5 was the hornets bench  this sucks   sad 
okafor needs to get some bengay and get on the court
the world would be a better place w out hackers spyware malware viruses worms trojans and the like    ugh smdh
i think my laptop is healed     laugh  *crossesfingers*
omg hornets    10 pt lead after 3 and you lose at home
this semester goin by too fast
i want some sushi today
song for now: <propfirst> j & method man-you're all i need to get by
hornets on tonight  lets beat the knicks  paging cp3   
"it hurts, but i had to change the channel on my hornets  i would rather watch criminal minds "
watching <propmale> texas ranger
"in lafayette, too tired to go to my internship, they'll see me 2moro  smile "
"found my gumbo, lasagna and shrimp fried rice, but we still on the look out for that baskin ribbins    *keepin ya posted* #ready"
"found the baskin robbins, i wish i woulda caught them greedy hoes    i gottem twice  they thought they had something"
"whew, it's friday already"
"praying for japan  i've never e playful erienced an earthquake tsunami, but i have e playful erienced the devastation and hurt caused by a natural disaster  god brought me thru that and he'll bring japan also   smile "
don't feel like washin my hair     sad 
balfour & ul lafayette must b crazy    i can find a nicer frame at walmart or decorate 1 from hobby lobby smh
when did new orleans get so many celtics fans?
*toothache    where's my anbseol?
"i don't see any diff  between the black kids and white kids that i work with    but this text book has me answering 10 questions \trying\"" to point out differences  all i see is kids playing together  they don't see color    smh"""
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has 1 wish, to live  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least 1 hour ?"
