a1a23ab3df7f472658df26277c66f63c
"gotta new tattoo, <propmale> rogler does awesome work ?"
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
check out the new tat?
"this is wayyy different then myspace, a weebit confused?"
haha same old lankenstien?
"shhhh listen, do you smell something?"
"ya, i can kick myself in the head  what of it?"
"facebook > myspace, add me there <propmale> velten"
"ya, im a nerd whoop  de do  you wanna fight about it ?"
frohawk is back in action!
"everyone needs to watch the movie snatch, its flipping awesome!"
yup its call of duty time?
what's on your mind??
they need to make call of duty an olympic event?
woke up this morning thinking ''wtf did i do last night?'' normally means i had a good time ha?
criss angel is the fakest mofo ever
if i had a dime everytime i was told i remind people of mclovin id be a wealthy man ?
productive dayoff; played mw2 so much i got blisters?
god must have a sense of humor giving my 5'7'' frame size 12 feet  stub my toes atleast a dozen times today?
"shhhh listen, you smell that??"
"wants to quit smokin cigarettes <propfemale> bad, trying but failing ?"
"if the good die young, im gonna live forever "
has a cat straight outta the matrix 
"ps3 > xbox, enough said "
i wonder what they do with the beds from jersey shore after filming  
"little man just crashed, time for some mw2 "
"went to roll outta bed and stuck my foot right in the fan, good way to start the day "
idea for next tattoo; camel on my big toe haha
"got a new phone, msg me your <propfirst>"
new number 793 - 6914
im so gangster
brand new = best band ever
kat <propmale> is undoubtedly the funniest mofo alive 
everything is so much better in slow motion
i wonder what the rock was cooking all them years?
"be careful kids, you can od on jolly ranchers  i learnd that the hard way "
ayy macarena
court today   lucky me
"good day at court, gonna have an extra 50 bucks a month in my pocket and ill never have to come back here "
"noooo more court for me, and an extra 50 bucks a month in my wallet "
money is so overrated
people seriously think i have aimbot for mw2 lol 
"watching ufc with the clone  he likes this more then cartoons, go figure "
lives by one rule; the <propfemale> rule
is addicted to four <propfemale> strong and lovehatehero
dead rising 2 ftw!!
is not built for this type of weather
i think figured out what all the ''i like'' crap is aboot
watching a show about zombies on the   animal planet?
everybody wants to be naked and famous
like awsome music? check out lovehatehero! they dont have a single bad song 
ps3 friends > facebook friends
ohh the <propfemale> of being 21 
woodchuck cider is bomb 
the new xxl chalupa is awesome!
"the \sour patch kids\"" commercials perfectly describes my lil man """
mexican music sounds like veggie tales 
lil man staying over for the night  smile 
watching scooby doo with the munchkin before work 
"black ops at midnight, gonna be mia for a verrrrry long time "
"goodbye sunlight, my good friend cod is going to be here tonight so i won't be seeing you anytime soon "
11 hours straight
you have a ps3 & black ops? perfect! now go watch my videos and be jealous  skwiz420
anyone want to sell me a nintendo ds?
is in need of a ds  anyone have one they'd like to sell?
ps3 died so gotta sell some things  pair of tritton ax720(top of the line mic) works for 360 as well  originally $130 asking for $70 obo  works as if brand new still  get at me 
was ment to live in the tropics 
addicted to soul silver!
im not use to hitting my head on stuff 
is obese
it's not cocky if you can back it up 
fighting doesn't make you man  it just shows how insecrue you are 
the world doesn't revolve around you sweetcheeks 
someone need's to invent a device that picks seeds 
dirty bongs smell like soy sauce   ?
my sleeping pattern is one of a 70 year old 
anyone down for flag football? i have the gear so just hit me up 
i feel <propfemale> sorry for closed mineded people 
one of those ''fuck you'' kinda days 
considering going for dreadlocks 
"no more hair cuts, journey for dreads begins "
snuggies are amazing 
who here thinks they're good at quick scoping? add skwiz420 (ps3) bet you lose 
you must feel the dub to truly enjoy it 
"bro's before hoe's, duty before booty "
im in to them nerdy girls 
"im not black, im filipino fools "
"theres no better joy in life then hearing \i love you daddy\"""""
titi sampalin mo  look that up on google 
whos down for a game of football?
do i really look that young?
ps3 > 360
8:40 is twice as nice
"i can take a compliment but its weird hearing \your have pretty teeth\"""""
my hair is already starting to piss me off and im not even a quarter way there 
skrillex or bassnectar?
has a very low douche tolerance 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed jjreifce5o
its valentinesday?
<propmale> moore is genius
good guys always finish last 
"6 pack of woodchuck, a little bit of green, and my thumbs  time to make some sick clips "
"mustach march! no one shave your stachs, lets see who can get the best porn stach by the end of march  "
angry birds makes a happy skwiz
"march 6th, please hurry "
84 win streak last night on black ops  im obese
you can't have slaughter without laughter 
now has pokemon white 
rolling up breakfast 
my hair works as a pillow 
my 360 qs clip is ranked 14th highest rated on ps3 
14th out of billions  im just that good  
"no phone, i feel free "
"its not your race i don't like, its that you dont speak english "
"was just accused of being a game tester by a random on cod  then he went on to say \you sound like a fuckin white boy grow some balls <propmale> kid\"" lmao"""
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ypxfblw5gpg
girls like you make me go 'ewwww'
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=qj1siehyc74
"gets annoyed when hardcore christians see my tattoos and go on to say how im going to hell  shit, as if i wouldn't already be on my way there "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pemi32_mcmw
i enjoy being brutally honest 
i do acts of kindness to please myself  not to get brownie points from 'god' 
"im a internet thug, wanna fight about it?"
live long and prosper 
a low self esteem is a <propmale> deal breaker 
you can catch more flys with <propfemale> then you could vinegar 
is now stealing internet  thanks neighbors 
hair is like a sail in this weather 
lets make a story  ill start it and everyone just add in what you want 
theres a nerd hanging out at waffle house and he just rememberd   
who knew a simply bike ride could lighten such a bad mood 
