d7b09c0d243ddce023e823324f90f640
"i really hate <propfemale> the e playful lorer it is the worst children's television show ever, and i hate that it is on at 6am "
lets go buckeyes!!!!
ugh  back to new jersey tomorrow 
i am sleeping 
o-h-i-o
on thursday the smelly girl from ohio will be here   can't wait!!
"i was nice today, it was a mistake "
go bucks! o-h-i-o
zuza smells 
i currently hate administrative bullshit 
ethics are boring 
<propfemale> wants to poke <propfirst> teitelbaum  haha 
happy birthday old lady 
"i wish i were watching <propfemale> right now, instead i am going over rules of professional conduct which i clearly do not need to learn   "
"so far my day has been awesome, i listened to <propfirst> <propmale> songs which led to me wasting 2 hours watching free <propmale>  wonderful "
go bucks    beat michigan!!!!!!
mmmmmm    colin firth
is a huge procrastinator 
i want pop  and a cookie 
only two more to go then home for the holidays and out of new jersey for 2 weeks  thank god 
i want to go skiing 
is really happy that i finally know what my class schedule for the semseter is 
bored 
blah 
cookies 
fibromyalgia blah 
the only good thing about new jersey is that school is cancelled in anticipation of snow fall not actual snow fall 
"facebook has recommended that i enter an \affordable world class drug & alcohol detox & rehab program\""  complete with a free 24 hour confidential helpline playful """
<propfirst> cash 
take that taxes and fafsa  now chinese 
sick of snow storms 
dum da de dum de
i am an adult 
"finally, a beautiful day smile ))"
a good start to any day   a cup of coffee and peopleofwalmart com smile )))
thanks to everyone for all of the birthday wishes smile ))
we were watching you on the cameras 
retail therapy 
the <propfemale> forgot my easter basket 
"doing really boring stuff right now  ugh, fail "
<propfirst> rigged 
<propfirst> <propmale> and mt  dew=the perfect morning 
rolling backpack=embarrassing + official nerd 
happy birthday ears 
wants to know why zuza keeps taking sausage tests   
happy 4th of july
wants mt  dew 
"is done with the internship, looking forward to italian wine and swiss cheese smile "
"let the countdown begin, 5 days until i am back in the united states smile "
3 days until i have a dt  mt  dew in my hand  smile 
"all my bags are packed, i'm ready to go   "
"pepboys is awesome  $200 dollars later i have a new master cylinder (whatever that is), they screwed my door back on for free, changed out my parking light switch, and diagnosed my lighting issue  now just one more thing to fix until <propfemale> is back to her old self smile "
starbucks <propfemale> macchiato ice cream is the best invention  ever 
currently hates the patent office 
thinks zuza probably fell into a cheese hole while running in the polish mountains and that is why she never has any reception 
i want a sister's day 
sour patch kids   delicious 
done  finally 
making sugar cookies and decorating a gingerbread house smile 
i am mobile  smile 
"so the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads \"",2011-01-19 02:59 smile 0""",d7b09c0d243ddce023e823324f90f640,"why can't all homework be logic game puzzles, that was quite possibly the most enjoyable half hour i have had doing homework since i got to lawschool smile "
"is writing a book on the <propmale> of procrastination   eventually, but currently just implementing said techniques "
where are the girlscouts hiding? i want their cookies!
evidence  blah 
make sure to bring food  and a 12-pack of kick-ass smile 
here comes the sun smile 
nice job buckeyes!!
"thank you giles competition for being over, now i can enjoy spring break!"
reading a fantastic book and enjoying a cup of hot tea  i love break 
take that bar application--booya 
o-h-i-o go buckeyes!!
"outlined a paper that is so boring that i fell asleep on it and now have to re-do it because i slobbered all over it, luckily bones is now on so the chances of that happening twice are unlikely "
i wish <propmale> gee was my age  i love his bow tie smile 
i just tripped and fell putting a hole in and blood on the only pair of jeans i own that did not come with pre-made holes--at least i am still in style 
ten years  wow 
i want to move to pervalia and become a professional beach bum 
t-24 hours  cannot wait 
thank god it is finally here!!! <propmale> wedding!! yes!!!
"the only thing on my list to do today was to lay out in the sun and get a tan, thank you stupid weather  now i am bored "
bored out of my mind  again  vacation?
flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss smile 
congratulations ohio state rowing on being big ten champions!!!! you guys are awesome!!!
hanging out with <propmale> and mother smile 
officially jd 
"bored again, luckily <propfemale> cakes will be here in 20 minutes to entertain me smile "
let's go bucks!! make sure you bring food and a six pack of kick ass to the races tomorrow smile !!!
let's go buckeyes!!!! you guys are going to kill it!!
ugh  i can't believe tressel resigned 
barbri is very very boring 
"sooo, you pay 3,200 00 for barbri and can't access the lectures on either your ipod or android phone unless you pay an additional 300 00 for the privilege  however, you can access the tests  wtf i hate you barbri "
6 inches  sad 
i want a donut 
cant decide if i am creeped out or excited that the ice cream man comes through our neighborhood at 10pm 
getting my chub on for <propfemale> <propmale> wedding
