ab52bf782b026715a2e2a876d73fe396
listening to my favorite band ever   the used  smile  and doing homework blahh    evens itself out  smile 
did my pilates  smile  now work at 5 blahh  annoyed 
working for money that i can't even spend   this better be worth it
hates the feeling of being excluded 
why do you have to go and make things so complicated?
aghh so confused 
gahh  i hate my life right now  annoyed   i need to go to a twins game soon  they cheer me up  smile 
listening to the new <propmale> brother's cd yay  laugh 
got my check card today! it's beautiful! haha
work 12-7  text <propfemale>
"work from 4-midnight  \bye darlin'!\"" haha"""
redbox time  laugh 
just watched fever pitch  love it  smile  i forgot how sexy <propfirst> <propfemale> really is  laugh 
cried during secret life of the american teenager  i'm so lame haha 
ooh i wanna fight with yooouu   tear up the sky with you  you're much better 
sleepy time  estoy cansada
just got back from watching the kiddies at daycare  smile  they strive for your attention and it's just adorable  love 
excited for future opportunities  laugh 
we will miss you <propfirst> <propmale>  annoyed  rip
just got back from work  tired  listening to some mj  love 
i want it to be august already! blink 182 and michigan  love 
omg  <propfirst> mays died today? what's up with all these big celebs dying lately
bought the <propfirst> <propmale> commemorative time edition  you should definitely buy it!!
received my college transcript with 7 credits and a 4 0 gpa  laugh 
"me, <propfemale>, y <propfirst> son lesbianas! ellas gustan mis nalgas haha  love "
hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable
just got off work  off for the next three days  laugh  let's do something
wonderful <propfirst> <propmale> memorial  still not accepting that he's gone  annoyed 
"so i'm gonna try this whole \working out\"" thing starting tomorrow and not give up this time  hoping to achieve a body equivalent to that of <propfemale> <propfemale>'s  laugh """
get a rep for breaking hearts   now i'm done with superstars   all the tears on her guitar   i'm not bitter
trying to convince my parents to let me get a tattoo early    i hope it works!
going to see the proposal with <propfemale> tonight  be back laterr  smile 
could <propfirst> reynolds be any sexier?  laugh 
watching la ink is not helping my tattoo situation! i want one even more now! kat <propmale> d  love 
omg add <propmale> to your iphone or ipod touch  looove it haha
pas de cheval  love 
<propfirst> mauer is participating in the all <propfemale> home run derby!!  laugh 
looking at apartment stuff on urbanoutfitters com  love 
i want it to be august 6th already!
<propmale> wheeler of aar  love 
watching <propmale>  i love em'  smile 
"rough day at work  annoyed  but i'm watching sexy <propfirst> mauer in the all <propfemale> game, and suddenly everything is okay  smile "
"despite two members leaving, i think the old p!atd is back and i love it  laugh "
brazilian wax   aghh i'm scared!
still laughing about <propmale>  pretty crude movie but still hilarious  who wouldn't love <propfemale> baren cohen  love 
people need to stop worrying about my personal life and worry a little bit more about theirs 
oh it's the little things you do that hurt me so 
listening to my ipod   tryin to sleeeep
i hate when jealous girls text me from their boyfriend's phone  get a life!
mmm    boca burgers  smile 
wants to see 500 days of summer  <propfirst> gordon-levitt  love 
payday!  smile 
<propmale> <propmale> was <propfemale> cute in his teenage years  smile 
"come out to canterbury park tomorrow to watch my parents' horse race  if you're underage like me and <propfirst>, make sure you look \legit\"" haha"""
jerabeks for breakfast  love 
can't wait for the mall tomorrow with the girls  smile  let's hope i don't spend all my money!
yay! new perspective  the old panic! is back  laugh 
the girl got reasons   they all got reasons
i cry every time i watch <propfemale>!
saw 6 and saw 7? seriously? too much!
such a boring day off  annoyed  can't wait till next thursday though  laugh 
work work work
aghh keeping up with the kardashians is too addicting!
como zoo    i'll upload pics later  smile 
aghh what to do   what to do   * lol
had fun at the mall con squeak  work manana  annoyed  blahh
i forgot how much i loved nsync  smile 
ugh cramps  i don't wanna go to work later  annoyed 
last day of work and then hittin' the road tomorrow morning for michigan  laugh 
packing  laugh 
in michigan spending time with the family and just watched pineapple e playful ress  freakin hilarious!!
watching the twins get beat by detroit  annoyed 
"i can finally say that today, i'm no longer a virgin of water tubing  smile "
"ah, well, sir, i feel like a, like a slice of butter    melting on top of a big-ol' pile of flapjacks   yeah"
loves my keurig coffee maker  laugh 
it's scary yet so exciting thinking about what my future will bring  smile 
mauer power baby  smile 
"went on a run and i have to say, it feels great  smile "
considering online school for my senior year?
denied  smile 
went biking in the hot sun   not a good idea haha work at 5  annoyed 
it's a good feeling being back at work  enough money saved = me moving  smile 
listening to nsync and bsb sure brings back memories  love 
haha  why don't you get to know me first    
no work monday or tuesday  smile  let's do something 
going to the mall with <propfemale>  smile  text <propfemale>  love 
i'm sick and tired of being sick and tired  annoyed 
payday  smile  going to the mall today? text me
"productive day of shopping  smile  buying new phone tomorrow? yes, zaydee    new phone!"
"\me llamo <propfirst> roboto\"""""
in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life  it goes on - <propfirst> frost
would anyone go to the used concert with me on october 13th? i really wanna go  annoyed 
a few people are pissing me off lately   
i want it to be next year already  annoyed  i'm sick of everything 
work 12-6
"am i the only one who thinks <propfirst> sabato jr from \my <propfirst>\"" is hottt? haha"""
"you're the \bop\"" to my \""it\""    haha love you <propfirst>"""
din din with <propfemale>  smile 
the <propmale> show is such a good movie  smile 
can't wait till october 13th  laugh 
is going on a detox diet starting tomorrow  no meat for me  annoyed  i'm making my mom join in too haha
so bored on my only day off  annoyed 
"my first day without meat   time to celebrate with a nice, juicy   ste    smoothie  smile "
work 5-close  text me  only a couple more days until the used cd!  smile 
"ehh  long day at work yesterday, today and tomorrow  looking forward to monday (the used cd!) and thursday= shopping! aha i'm lame "
nooooo <propfirst> krasinski engaged? my dreams are crushed  annoyed 
work 4-midnight then tomorrow is the new the used cd!!
aghh so dirty from work  showerrrr time  getting up early for my cd  haha i'm too excited  smile 
blahh cramps  annoyed 
cannot stop listening to artwork  i love the used  smile 
sleepy  getting up early and then pictures with zaydee  smile 
can't wait for thursday  state fair con mi mamacita zaydee  smile 
tomorrow state fair with zaydee and squeak  smile 
and just when i thought people couldn't get any dumber   
had fun with zaydee yesterday at the fair  smile  bought a <propfirst> mauer picture there    sexayyy  smile 
just bought the used tickets  october 14th come sooner!!  smile 
can't wait till monday  smile  not looking forward to wednesday though   blahh
vegetarian tacosss     sounds good to me  smile 
busy busy later  smile 
raspberry island with zaydee and squeak  then maplewood mall?  smile 
everybody hates <propfirst>! i used to love this show  smile 
nothing that i can hold onto with my broken hands i'm not thinking that i should anyway so i leave holding nothing don't care what you say cause it makes no difference if i throw it away
one more year at sibley and i'm outta here 
too much responsibility this year  working 30 hours a week plus school on top of it  not fun  annoyed 
and just when i thought things couldn't get any worse    they do
blah   school soon  annoyed 
tired as hellll  practically no sleep and had school and work today  it'll all be worth it in the end though  smile 
why would anyone lie? the truth is always more colorful
no work tonight  smile  hanging with <propfirst> and <propfirst>
i say this too much    but i can't wait for the used concert in october!! it's all i think about  smile 
how do creepers get my number? aghh
you and me baby ain't nothing but mammals so let's do it like they do on the discovery channel   aghh bloodhound gang stuck in my head  smile 
it'll all be worth it in the end   
"for once in my life, i don't know how i feel  "
"i hate kanye even more than i did and i didn't think that was possible! lady gaga did an amazing performance  the singing, the dancing   the blood  laugh  and <propmale> brand wasn't too bad either meee-oww  smile "
doesn't know what to think of anything anymore 
"got my tickets in the mail today  laugh  can't wait to see <propmale>, <propfirst>, jeph and <propfirst>!!  smile "
listening to lady gaga  goodness i love her now  smile 
boys boys boys   we like boys in cars    boys boys boys    buy us drinks in bars    boys boys boys    with hairspray and denim     boys boys boys    we love them!
i swear i've listened to these songs millions of times already and i still love them  smile 
too busy with school lately  blahh  annoyed  payday this thursday though and i'm definitely going shopping  smile 
so tiredddd from work    and still have homework to do  annoyed 
i've been waiting foreverrr    the office tonight!!  smile 
thinking about getting my hair cut and dyed  any suggestions?
hates being confused   
just got back from the mall   i love shopping a little too much  smile 
maplewood mall with zaydee  love 3
stupid people breaking into our cars again? losers!!! do yourself a favor and get a life    better yet   get a job! don't try to <propmale> the innocent  go to hell 
"now all those feelings, those yesterdays feelings will all be lost in time but today i've wasted away for today is on my mind  love "
one of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter 
teaching my dad how to use his very first cell phone! this may take a while     haha
listening to too much owl city  but i love him now  smile 
"i'd like to make myself believe, that planet earth turns slowly  it's hard to say that i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep, because my dreams are bursting at the seams "
blah  i need a vacation  and i feel sick  annoyed 
i wish some people would stop treating me like a child  i can take care of myself  thanks 
sooo glad that conan will be okay  smile  i love him too much
wants it to be october 14th already!
wow i don't even know anymore   i wish i would have been informed more last year    now i have to find a way to pick up the pieces
my day was going alright until i saw you  annoyed 
yes! back from work  smile  going costume huntin' tomorrow   gonna be fun  smile 
my baby <propfirst> mauer steals signs from other teams? who cares  smile 
"life has become too complex lately  it really is a rollercoaster  ups and downs, twists and turns    and i have to say, i hate every second of it "
well   gonna be up late doing this lame english project  time for some coffee  smile 
can't wait until tomorrow! twins twins twins  smile 
go twins!  smile 
twins! you never let me down  smile  still playing in the metrodome baby!
has work tonight  annoyed  but good luck twins!! i know you can do it  smile 
i officially know what tattoo i'm getting on my 18th birthday this year        a minnesota twins tattoo  smile 
"i need something else would someone please just give me, hit me, knock me out and let me go back to sleep, i can laugh, all i want inside i still am empty, so deep that it didn't even bleed and catch me    "
when <propmale> cut his tie for pam    biggest aww  smile  moment ever!  love 
good luck tonight twins  love 
"so today when i was getting my eyebrows waxed from one of the prettiest girls i've ever seen, she told me that i had a really pretty face  by far the best compliment ever  smile "
"good morning, and in case i don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!"
yay! the used on wednesday! can't wait  laugh 
feels so uncertain about everything  at least the concert tomorrow will take my mind off of things  i love getting lost in their music  love 
going to see the best band ever tonight     the used!!  love 3 i'll take lots of pictures  smile 
"met the used tonight!! no pictures with them  annoyed  but they signed my pass  smile  and i got to talk with <propfirst> and <propfirst>! \don't be scurrred!\"" haha"""
today was an alright day  <propmale> out with <propfemale> <propfemale> ortiz <propfemale>  the cute guy at vans convinced me to buy some shoes    and he didn't even tell me to  smile 
getting my bridge piercing tomorrow hopefully! pretty scared   not gonna lie haha
<propfirst> allman is my future boyfriend  he's sexy and a vegetarian  two in one  smile 
no piercing today  annoyed  cause the bro bro is late late  playful   maybe sunday or monday hopefully  smile 
"does anyone know of any friends or family who are dental hygienists? i have to interview a dental hygieniest for my bio ii class by tomorrow and so far, no luck  annoyed "
work from 12-4 and then it's off to a-1 for my bridge piercing hopefully!  smile 
grrrrrrr
sometimes feels like just giving up    music seems to be the only thing that gets me through the day
"without it all i'm choking on nothing, it's clear in my head and i'm screaming for something, knowing nothing is better than knowing it all"
feels like cuddling up with some cocoa and a blanket and watching a horror movie  smile 
"i don't want to shove my beliefs in your face    but whether you're vegetarian or not, you have to admit this is completely wrong and unethical   i'm taking the pledge of not buying any land o' lakes products until they fix these problems for good  watch the video from this link and see for yourself  it's pretty disturbing  https annoyed  secure peta org site advocacy?cmd laugh isplay&page=useraction&id=2515"
got my berth dvd in the mail!! yay! i love you <propfirst> allman  smile 
no bridge piercing  annoyed  the risk of it rejecting is too high  might go get my eyebrow pierced instead?
got my eyebrow piercing    love it  smile 
work on my only day off  annoyed  need the money though
"work tonight, tomorrow, sunday and monday blahh  gonna save up my money for a car though   preferably a toyota camry  smile "
waiting is painful  forgetting is painful  but not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering- paulo coelho
wow i just don't know anymore  there is only one person in my life who truly knows how i feel and actually cares 
going into work early today     as if i don't work long enough as it is -__-
looooong day  now paper  annoyed 
hope i can read this paper aloud about my grandma on thursday without crying  annoyed 
bought those bumpit hair things and has no idea how to put them in right    haha
i think i like alesana now
gets to sleep in  smile 
"watched interview with a vampire with zaydee, <propfirst>, jonny and <propfemale>  smile  <propmale> cruise was actually pretty scary haha"
bought my beautiful ps3 today  estoy feliz  watching youtube videos on it is like 10x better  smile 
showerrrr then sleeeep  smile  then buying some ps3 games tomorrow!  smile 
"all i can say is that my life is pretty plain, i like watchin' the puddles gather rain  and all i can do is just pour some tea for two, and speak my point of view but it's not sane, it's not sane"
this is the part where you are supposed to scream
went to the mall and spent money i shouldn't have    but had fun regardless  smile 
people tried to break into my dad's car again at 2am but they didn't get very far this time cause my brother heard and went out and chased and cursed them out  i'd like to see you try breaking into my dad's car again  smile  haha stupid people 
"it's really amazing   when two strangers become the best of friends, but it's really sad when the  best of friends become two strangers "
wow   i don't have anyone anymore  senior year is officially the worst year of my life  and it's all downhill from here 
hanging out with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  smile 
work work work
hmmm    thinks i might have found my senior quote  smile 
homework then showerrr  smile 
some people just never learn 
in a good mood  smile  i'm sure work will change that   haha
got my pierce the veil cd in the mail today  smile 
screw you 
finally seeing <propfirst> <propmale>'s this is it today  smile 
"it is easy to hate and it is difficult to love  this is how the whole scheme of things works  all good things are difficult to achieve, and bad things are very easy to get "
mmm    pretty sure i could live off of spumoni  smile 
kamehameha aghh stuck in my head!  smile 
wow   can i move out soon?
boys are stupid  the end 
"nothing better than eating perkin's at 4 in the morning with the bestie, squeak  smile "
done with work now time to relax  smile 
confuseddddd  annoyed 
should be writing my paper but pics of tattoo designs are distracting me  smile 
mmmmm <propfirst> lautner on conan yeahhh  love 
tomorrow    4pm     nervous and excited!  smile 
got my tattoo    loooove it  smile 
can't stop laughing at the farting scene in year one  omg haha
aghh so much planning to do and so little time   dont ya love being 18?
relaxing  smile 
well yesterday was interesting    hopefully today is a little better
looooong night of work ahead of me    text meee
eew    so not motivated today   
looked in the cupboard to find there wasn't any hot chocolate left  annoyed 
sooo happy today  smile  work at 5 though so that kinda ruins it     annoyed  lol
work and more work  annoyed 
wants heartbeats by lady gaga
 love 's <propfemale> and <propfirst> kardashian  smile 
wants it to be winter break already   
that boy is a monster m-m-m monster
can't stop listening to the fame monster
what's with all these big stars dying in 2009? rip <propfemale> murphy
making a music video with kack   muahaha
going to the mall with <propmale> houseman and <propfirst> squeak xyooj  smile 
loves her new heartbeat headphones by lady gaga! thank you <propfirst>  smile 
i love shopping online  smile 
it's supposed to be the time to be happy   yet i feel like shit 
watching a christmas story for the millionth time in my life    never gets old  smile 
not all excited to go to work  annoyed  text me
having a girl's night with <propfirst> knoll and zaydee rentas  smile 
nap time  smile 
<propfirst> is so adorable when he plays singstar with me  smile 
got two pairs of free pants from pacsun online because they charged me twice on accident and dropped both charges  smile 
april 9    nevershoutnever     smile 
reading fml's   haha too funny  smile 
time to do my pilates workout  smile 
i really have to stop caring about what other people think    
cramps keeping me up all night  annoyed 
hanging out with mi amiga <propfemale> colon  smile 
ouch 
about to get yelled at tomorrow    yay   
lost five pounds!  smile 
can't stop laughing  smile 
 annoyed 
it's funny how i can love life yet hate it at the same time   hmm  
"i've learned that things change, people change, and it doesn't mean you forget the past or try to cover it up  it simply means you move on and treasure the memories  letting go doesn't mean giving up, it means accepting that some things weren't meant to be "
just leave me out of your life for good  but i don't really have to tell you that since you already did 
te vas no me dices <propfemale> que pasa que ya no te veoooo
got off work early   now what to do  smile 
i could really go for some caribou right about now  smile 
just watched into the wild    it's sad cause you know the outcome already but you hope it doesn't happen anyway
 love 
hanging with my lover and hot beans  
watchin' the kiddies play lmao
had a good time at the mall with my love even though shopping ain't his thang  smile 
off work four and a half hours early? yesss  smile 
got my hair cut and dyed  smile  still getting used to the change   lol
umm   all i can say is i can't wait for baseball season  love 
freeeeeeezing outside! thank goodness i'm back inside  smile 
it's time to be a big girl now and big girls don't cry
i love him  plain and simple 
ugh work soon   gonna try and get off early again lol
off work early     now time for some much needed sleep
sick  annoyed  i guess that's what i get for walking in the cold from work
"well    time to feed ungrateful, fat, customers  yayyy "
ugh stuffy noses are the worst  annoyed 
i'm beginning to actually like my second semester schedule  smile 
watching <propmale> of queens  smile 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"after crying myself to sleep last night, i wake up alone "
i just don't wanna do anything anymore 
ugh   work at 5  annoyed 
hmmm    who is my celebrity look alike? a lot of people say i look like <propfemale> <propfemale> lol but i don't know   
nothing better than getting dressed to blink 182  smile 
today i felt like slapping stupid people  wouldn't be the first time   
thanks for the new york style cheesecake you left in my fridge kackada! ahaha  smile 
he has me hooked on mountain dew  love 
this brave new world book is so boring i think i may just stab my eyes out 
my boyfriend's facebook got deleted somehow    not cool  annoyed 
at my boyfriend's watching him beat on poor <propfirst> lmao
uhh ohh
not too thrilled to be working tonight   ugh
i love how <propfirst> says he hates getting gifts yet i catch him snooping in my purse looking for his gift ahaha  smile 
"i don't know where i'm going in life or what i'm going to do, but i do know who i want in it, and that's all that matters "
sometimes i don't know when to shut my mouth 
time to catch some zzz's  smile 
i like starting off my day to some owl city  smile 
yawning like craaaaazy  time for some sleep  smile 
i love him  smile   love 
don't be so desperate and jealous  it's quite annoying 
why does there have to be pros and cons to everything?
going to the mall with lindsay    and i have two things on the mind   victoria's secret and chipotle  smile 
stuck at my house bored out of my mind
"\tigers love pepper! they hate cinnamon\"" haha greeeeat movie  smile """
one day down    three more to go  annoyed 
"it's not always rainbows and butterflies, it's compromise that moves us along  my heart is full and my door's always open, you can come anytime you want"
not feelin' so hot  annoyed 
might get some pha? i think that's how you spell it   lol
i believe the sun shouldn't set on an argument 
watching a movie alone  annoyed  that's almost as bad as digiorno for one haha
work 1-7  just what i need to make my day go from bad to worse 
doing your best means never stop trying 
i know you'll regret this  i'm a good person and you're missing out 
work 5-midnight
i need a new job    a job that doesn't have to deal with people  smile 
"what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you, and what am i supposed to say when i'm all choked up that you're ok  i'm fallin' to pieces, yeah, i'm fallin' to pieces"
"spare me the whole \plenty of fish in the sea\"" talk k? i don't want those fish  i only want this one """
"sometimes you just need to be with the person who makes you smile, even if it means waiting "
i love him more than anything and i just want things to work out  annoyed 
haha pineapple e playful ress never gets old  smile 
"every single day, i think about how we came all this way  the sleepless nights and and the tears you cried  it's never too late to make it right "
well    apparently i'm only getting $32 for my federal return? wtf! something isn't right    
in the mood for some dbz  smile 
hanging out with <propfirst> squeak xyooj  smile 
"shower, sleep, and dream "
i just hate life right now  annoyed 
gonna go get my nose pierced  smile 
no school and i'm up too early   damn sleep schedule
time for some much needed sleep
damn girl scouts and their delicious samoas    i couldn't resist  smile 
work  my least favorite word 
"::ring ring:: \immigration!\"" haha good times at work  smile """
"\i had a pet rock but then it attacked my friend so we had to put it down\""- <propmale> sparks haha vh1's i love the 70's"""
loves how customers try to tell you how to do your job  then you prove them wrong and they feel like dumbasses  smile 
had my first piece of meat in over six months   i feel like a failure lol
wow   i just don't know  you truly care and love someone and they screw you over  thanks 
walking to the store alone   have too much on my mind   need to get out of this house
needs to sleep so my mind will stop wandering 
i'm only 18 and already i've got too many problems
michigan sounds really good right now  
"did i make it that easy to walk right in and out of my life? goodbye my almost lover  goodbye my hopeless dream  i'm trying not to think about you  can't you just let me be? so long my luckless romance  my back is turned on you  should've known you'd bring me heartache, almost lovers always do "
rip <propfirst> haim  annoyed  you were <propfemale> cute in license to drive  smile 
"had fun with <propfirst> squeak xyooj, <propfemale> rhattany pot, and shwn nfstd  smile  i was the only white person! haha   now what to do  "
work -__-
hanging out with kackada <propfemale> and <propfemale> wilkerson  smile  (third wheel! yay!)
"<propmale>, you're shouting again, <propmale>"
"you took me by the hand   made me a man   that one night! you made everything alright    so wrong, so right, all night, alright oh yeah   ooh yeaah haha  smile "
time to count some sheep and catch some zzz's  smile 
hates not knowing
hanging out with shwn nfstd to see his cute little dog even though we all know mine is the cutest  smile 
i just wanna get outta here
so this guy came through drive thru and he had a sexy british accent   but when he got to the window    let's just say    he's no <propfirst> law haha
work at noon  annoyed 
what a b-e-a-utiful day out! gonna take pictures with <propfemale> wilkerson and kackada <propfemale>   smile 
blahh
ouch  annoyed 
watching a kiss concert with my daddy    and to think   i used to like these old farts
you're a skaaaaaank 
lady gaga on august 30th!! sooo going  smile 
"i wanna get another tattoo, move out, plan another trip to michigan this summer    why can't money grow on trees!?"
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow "
gonna go on a run on this beautiful day  love  take my mind off stuff
hanging out with <propfirst> <propfirst> irias  it's been forevaaa!
you just got killed by a daewoo lanos! lmao
i am quite possibly the worst grilled cheese maker ever   i always burn one side!
finally off work  smile  and i have tomorrow off too   haven't had a friday off for as long as i can remember   
cannot wait until tuesday!  smile 
still really miss december 7  annoyed  but i just gotta be strong and look forward to the future
i hope my dog will be okay  annoyed   it hurts me to see him in pain
"now all those feelings, those yesterday's feelings will all be lost in time  but today, i've wasted away for today is on my mind "
met the nicest lady at my job today  work wasn't so bad after all  smile 
<propfirst> mauer <propfirst> mauer <propfirst> mauer  laugh 
had to walk home from school    ugh not fun
interview on wednesday with lowes!  smile 
"can't wait for tomorrow  smile  your ass better be awake by 1 smile 0pm, <propfirst> squeak xyooj  playful "
loves my new tattoo  smile  can't wait to get more     interview today   wish me luck!
so many things happening all at once    but i like where this is going  smile 
i just wanna make things happen 
"instead of purposely trying to put me down, why don't you try being happy for me? because for once, i am "
aghh worn out from work  excited for monday though    got another interview with lowe's  they must like me  smile 
"read the lines in the mirror through the lipstick trace, \por siempre\"""""
i've actually been very happy lately  smile  but also feeling a shitload of different emotions all at once   aghh
jackpot!! hahaha  
time for sleep     second interview in the morning with the store manager    pretty nervous!
cannot wait until eclipse comes out  laugh 
hanging out with <propfirst> <propfirst> irias  maybe watch a little new <propfemale> and go crazy when <propmale> is shirtless  smile 
"at one point i just wanted to give up on everything, now i'm happy and content with my life  there's always light at the end of the tunnel  smile "
mini road trip to my grandpa's farm with <propfirst> knoll today  smile 
"he who makes a beast out of himself, gets rid of the pain of being a man "
filling out paperwork for my new job tomorrow  smile  so excited!
considering getting a sleeve? it will look sooo bad when i'm old haha but oh well  smile 
gotta wake up at 6am   ugh   goodnight  smile 
"now  if things don't work out between me and <propfirst> allman or davey havok, there's always synyster gates  smile "
attempting to draw up my sleeve    problem is   i couldn't draw to save my life haha
"and i know, i know it's not your time, but bye bye  and a word to the wise when the fire dies, you think it's over but it's just begun"
orientation today with lowe's! 1-5pm  smile 
i've got this obsession for avenged sevenfold now  
"cause i really always knew that my little crime would be cold, that's why i got a heater for your thighs  and i know, i know it's not your time, but bye bye  and a word to the wise when the fire dies, you think it's over but it's just begunnn  but baby don't cry  "
i always get too excited and impatient when i buy stuff online lol
in the lead on an ebay bid  smile 
working my ass off lately   but it will all be worth it when i get my next tattoo  smile 
time for some twins  smile 
this ride that takes me through life leads me into darkness but emerges into light 
"\that's goooooood  that's the best tasting thing i've ever had hereee   \""  smile """
will i will i will i
my ps2 came back from the grave    now i can finally play ddr and guitar hero again  smile  since my ps3 won't allow it  playful 
pretty much went crazy when i got my a7x shirt in the mail today  laugh  i loves them  smile 
hmm   an a7x tattoo next in a couple weeks?  smile 
"living goes by fast, catch your breath and it will pass you by  and it won't last, to sulk with the memories you hold "
grr i hope work goes by quick   
"and how i miss someone to hold, when hope begins to fade  "
woke up sick ugh  annoyed 
just loves puking her guts out    ugh terrible day
feeling much better than yesterday    gonna go play some bingo and hopefully win some money    bingo isn't just for old people anymore haha
won $30 at bingo tonight  smile 
going with <propfirst> squeak xyooj to 7th street  smile 
in such a good mood right now!  laugh  nobody ruin it  playful 
feels like watching some sailor moon   haven't watched that since i was a little kid!
working two jobs right now    less free time but the money makes it so worth it  laugh 
"tuesday, tuesday, tuesday  smile "
with all the stuff that falls out of the tacos at chipotle    i could make a whole 'nother taco
got a membership at anytime fitness with <propfirst> squeak xyooj  smile  we're gonna look awesome! haha
going to work out  smile 
"eyebrow waxing, buying mom's birthday gift, work, anytime fitness, then bed    busy day today!  smile "
gonna go work out for a bit  smile  feel the burrrrrn!
i just want tuesday to come already!
"there's nothing here to take for granted, with each breath that we take  the hands of time strip youth from our bodies  and we fade, memories remain as time goes on- a7x  love "
just loves it when pervy guys stare at me while working out     yuck  playful 
"forget what they said in soho, leave the oh-no's out  and believe me <propfemale>, listen <propfemale> this is, your last <propmale> "
on my way to get my tattoo  smile 
it sucks when you're so happy about something but there's always something standing in the way of it  
why do i do the things i do?   
work until 10 smile 0  i love working at lowe's : )
i love long talks about life  smile 
i look at the stars and dream that the universe was ours   my crazy angel
work all day tomorrow   muy mal  annoyed 
straightened hair this morning   check       walked out into the rain   check      hair looked like crap at work today    check  annoyed 
stressed and confused     i need a vacation
i hope <propfirst> michaels will be okay  annoyed  for some odd reason i like him a lot
"gonna \fool\"" around with <propfirst> squeak xyooj at anytime fitness  lmao i will never let that one go """
to each his own   i guess
time to write that paper that i haven't started   ha
aghh wtf  annoyed 
one bad thing at a time can never happen to me     all the bad things decide to come all at once instead
"we can drive around with the top down, stereo turned up loud with a fat sound  cause i'm yours to keep if you want to "
mall with <propfirst> squeak xyooj  playful 
i really hope this works out   
note to self: brush hair carefully after getting your cartilage pierced aghhh
i don't know if that's good or bad     annoyed 
guys are assholes 
thinking about getting my hair cut dyed on tuesday  any suggestions?  smile 
i pretty much love my job now  never a dull moment  smile 
just one more night of work and then i'm off tomorrow  smile 
it would probably be wise to stop eating ramen noodles now since it's all i'll be eating once i move out haha
finally found out how to use my bumpits! pretty productive day if you ask me  smile  lol
shower then sleeeeeep  smile  the two things i've been looking forward to all day  
going to 7th street tattoo with my loverrr <propfirst> squeak xyooj  smile 
i just noticed    i listen to avenged sevenfold way too much
not a bad day  smile 
synyster gates is getting married today? my dreams have just been crushed  annoyed  lol
august 17  avenged sevenfold  so excited!
just got tongue pierced  afraid to eat haha
i love how it takes just one person to ruin your entire day 
i've seen titanic like a billion times in my life and i still always cry when she lets go of <propfirst> lol
"i just wanna run to you, and break off the chains and throw them away  i just wanna be so much, and shake off the dust that turned me to rust   sooner than later i'll need a savior"
i wish i had all the answers 
i know what i want    just not how to get it
seeking some advice and outlook    time to break out the fortune cookies and magic 8 ball!
"and if the answer is no, can i change your mind?"
we're all the same and love is blind  the sun is gone before it shines 
yuck  stupid yankees  playful 
"just got my blink 182 shorts in the mail  laugh  and the funny thing is they say \feeling this?\"" on my ass    i just know people who don't listen to blink 182 are gonna interpret that the wrong way   hahaha"""
 annoyed 
just found out i have this coming saturday off from work    what to do what to do     go to a twin's game?   i think yes  smile 
july 27 and august 17  the two days i'm sooo looking forward to  smile 
won three free personal training sessions at anytime fitness and my first session is next tuesday   this is gonna be embarrassing    haha
the bad things always happen all at once  what a shitty week 
i like him       a lot  annoyed 
mall with mi hermano <propfirst> <propfirst> irias
ohh nooo   i swallowed <propfirst>  annoyed 
running on less than two hours of sleep  let's see how long this will last   
going to my personal training session at anytime fitness     this is gonna be embarrassing haha 
"you want me out of your life all because i don't have feelings for you? well, there goes four years of friendship down the drain   "
going out to eat with <propfemale> colon  haven't seen her in forever!  smile 
family reunion in michigan in august? can't wait!! i miss michigan <propfemale> much
shower then sleeeeeep    sooo tired
too many things to save up for    it's times like this that i wish money grew on trees!
twins in the lead! screw you yankees : )
got my cap and gown today!
i finally found out why it takes forever for me to get dressed    i dance too much while doing it ha  today's culprit: lady gaga : )
i hate when i don't know what to do  annoyed  stay in minnesota or move to michigan?
shopping for a laptop is hard    i'm picky haha
don't make someone a priority if you're only an option 
i love my new laptop  smile 
wow   the first person i'm paired with on chatroulette and it's a penis     haha
city's shining bright but you don't see the light   how come you concentrate on things that don't make you feel right
well   if things don't work out here   there's always michigan  love 
with my lover <propfemale> rhattany pot  love  sorry rhys <propfirst> bach bussiere
well   gonna go work my ass off (literally) haha at anytime fitness  smile 
it sucks when people change  annoyed 
i don't know which direction to take and i hate making decisions  i'm screwed 
worst news ever  i don't wanna be at this place right now  i got screwed over 
there's only one thing you're certain about in life and that is that life is uncertain 
going to anytime fitness    too stressed!
the twins aren't doing so hot  annoyed 
this time baby i'll be bulletproof
life just sucks right now  annoyed 
i wish things would just look up soon   
"shower, sleep, mall, graduation, then ???    all in that order  smile "
found $12 on the ground  i'm always finding money! lol
about to watch <propfemale> in wonderland
ohh greeeeat   the bitch is at it    again
don't cry because it's over  smile because it happened 
"looking for a job is no fun  annoyed  and to make matters worse, my laptop won't open up my resume to even send to employers    grrr"
"honestly, why do i even try anymore?  annoyed "
oh how i miss wearing scrubs again    i need to get my cna certification quick so i can get a decent paying job   
has anyone ever seen the movie blow? i just started watching it   it's so good!
canterbury park on saturday   time to win some moneyyyy  smile 
"sometimes you're flush and sometimes you're bust, and when you're up, it's never as good as it seems, and when you're down, you never think you'll be up again, but life goes on "
paying bills and looking for a job tonight    oh so much fun    
if i don't get a job real soon   i'm gonna be livin' in a <propfirst> down by the river!
dammit    there's a receptionist position at a tattoo shop which would be perfect for me   but it's all the way in cottage grove  annoyed  sad day
i need to have a good laugh to forget how much my life sucks right now  
"and just when i thought things couldn't get any worse, they do  lost all my music on my ipod  it's gonna be a looooooong night   "
i don't wanna get ahead of myself    but i'd say that's some pretty good news i've heard in a long time  smile 
"time for a nice, relaxing hot shower  then sleeeep  smile "
one word    chipotle  laugh 
hmm   what to do with my week of nothing   
time for some sleep   no plans today   text me later if you're available!  smile 
"wow    what an ass  if i didn't care so much about my job, i'd tell you off in a heartbeat "
cannot wait until manana  smile 
uh oh   i think he might have changed my mind  annoyed 
off to 7th street tattoo  smile 
watching holiday in handcuffs for the millionth time    why hello mr  <propfirst> lopez  wink 
i'm yours to keep if you want to
can't wait until august 17th  love 
should probably do something productive today  
don't judge a book by its cover  it's unfortunate that so many people do   
"hmm   there's a lowe's in kalamazoo, mi    maybe moving to michigan would be easier than i thought  smile "
"buying a7x tickets! synyster, baby, i'll see you soon  love "
and you know you're never sure  but you're sure you could be right  if you held yourself up to the light 
trying to learn seven nation army on my guitar  seems like an easy song for beginners? my fingers are so sore  annoyed 
work 8-5  i wanna sleep some more  annoyed 
just bought a guitar    you might wanna cover your ears  laugh 
at the strawberry festival with <propfemale>  laugh 
ticketmaster has yet to charge my account for the a7x tickets  so i'm guessing the tickets are free then?  laugh  haha i wish  
and then i thought    could people get any dumber? yes! yes they can!
boy meets world is on    oh yes!  smile 
is it just me or do dressing room mirrors make you look bigger? or am i just in denial? haha
back from the mall    now what to do  
i will never completely understand people  
getting my fishing license  laugh 
"fishing, avenged sevenfold playing, a bag full of cherries    this is the life  laugh "
gonna go work out tonight at anytime fitness   gotta achieve that sexy figure  wink 
guys are stupid  the end 
grounded for life is back  laugh 
god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change; courage to change the things i can; and wisdom to know the difference 
"everytime i lay on my bed, i think of that scene with <propfirst> depp in a nightmare on elm street where he gets pulled in    so scary!"
i know what i'm doing with my next paycheck  laugh 
aghh what to do   
<propfirst> lautner on snl? yesssss  smile 
the girls on 'my super sweet 16' need to be pushed in front of a moving bus   
wow  it's only 9pm and i'm already tired  gonna get some sleep  work in the morning until 1pm then i'm free afterwards  smile 
wow   i'm done
"watched \valentine's day\"" and cried   lol"""
is it possible to fit that much sexy in one man? (<propfirst> mauer) haha  smile 
just watched shutter island    such a good movie but confusing ending
holy shit twins! coming back with a vengeance!  smile 
some people just aren't worth my time and effort 
on my way to canterbury   let's hope i leave with more money than i came with  laugh 
have you ever stopped liking a food you used to love and started to like a food you used to hate? ugh so weird 
wow! that has got to be the dumbest call i've seen in baseball  he was out!!
aghh i hate when strangers stare  at least don't make it so obvious   
ugh i can't stand bitter old people   
"we got no food, no jobs    our pets' heads are falling off!"
house to myself    time to relax  smile 
"getting ready   valley fair with <propfemale> <propfirst> , <propfemale> rhattany pot and rhys <propfirst> bach bussiere     time for me to get a tan!  smile "
well change of plans i'm guessing    crap ass day to go to valley fair  annoyed 
love love loves my new phone    so glad my old one broke today haha
how do you throw out a garbage can? haha ohh thanks <propfirst> <propfemale>
"patrick annoyed  what did squidward say?\""  spongebob: \""i don't know    something about his nose?\""  lmao """
i think the twins got this one  smile  let's hope i don't jynx it  haha
i blame <propfirst> <propfemale> for me staying up late each night haha
i'm having a very <propfirst> buble morning  smile 
is it just me or did <propfirst>'s sideburns get smaller!? either way he's still sexy! mauer power baby  smile 
just loves getting grabbed innapropriately by random strangers!    not!
time to go work out    it's been so long!
eew   today feels like such a lazy day  annoyed 
needs some sun 
could really use some cossetta's yummy mostaccioli right about now  
wore shorts today which was a bad idea- everyone said i looked too pale haha    can't believe i'm saying this   but i'm gonna hit up the tanning bed tonight  laugh 
at running aces  just won $17 on the first race  oh yeeeah  laugh 
"talking to my mom annoyed i shink you should  \"" hahaha i can't talk tonight"""
mmm    julian casablancas    sooo sexy
aghh i keep bumping my piercing!  annoyed 
<propmale> martinez is returning to canterbury! i had the biggest crush on him when i was a kid  i haven't seen him in years! i'm excited  laugh 
might possibly buy a chihuahua mix puppy  laugh  he's sooo adorable!
might get a welsh corgi chihuahua mixed puppy tomorrow! he's sooo cute  smile 
anyone wanna give me a ride towards excelsior tomorrow? i'll pay for gas  laugh  i really want this puppy  annoyed 
"“being an optimist after you've got everything you want doesn't count\"",2010-07-13 05:12 smile 2""",ab52bf782b026715a2e2a876d73fe396,got my puppy  laugh  he's big but adorable
the best feeling about waking up today was that my puppy was so happy to see me  smile 
i hate 'what ifs' and 'should haves'    
cannot wait until payday!  smile 
i don't do well with change and this will definitely be a big change    annoyed 
"watching wrestling and i don't know why   but i have food so i'm content haha   i remember when i was little, kane was my favorite wrestler lol"
"shower, and then sleep  oh boy do i love sleep  smile "
going out to eat with <propfirst> squeak xyooj then work!
"me: \so i was thinking the other day   \""  mom: \""oh no   \"" haha"""
can barely keep my eyelids open any longer   goodnight  smile 
time to be lazy     movie night  smile 
"at canterbury park  gets to see my sexy man, <propmale> martinez mmmm  smile "
"watching \she's out of my league\""    jay baruchel is <propfemale> cute!"""
bingo  smile 
there's going to be a jackass 3-d coming out this year!  laugh 
mall with <propfemale>  smile 
got called sexy by a hot guy that works at h&m   pretty much made my day lol
watching she's out of my league    again  smile  i looooove this movie!
roast of <propmale> saget lol
i like you 
watching inglourious basterds
you know who i haven't watched in a while? demetri <propfirst>  i miss his humor and hottness 
gonna go work out at anytime fitness followed by a nice tanning session    i think we can all agree i need some color haha
loves her new hello <propfemale> navel ring  smile 
feels so lost   
dinner with my brother <propmale> houseman     i'm gonna miss you  annoyed 
blood runs thicker than water 
never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life 
wow   
craving djarum blacks     too bad i'm broke
"\it's so damn hot outside    milk was a bad choice\"""""
new a7x cd out today   hells yes  laugh 
avenged sevenfold's new cd is amazing like i knew it would be! forever  love 
gone fishin' with the brother  smile 
determined   
i hate mornings and mornings hate me
watching scream 3   forgot how cheesy it is
i'm sorry but the office without <propmale> carell just won't be the same anymore  annoyed 
haha wow is all i'm gonna say    
a good day can never last for long  
one more day of work and then it's off to michigan for a few days    oh how i've missed you
on my way to michigan in the morning     my home away from home  smile 
illinois 
michigan  love 
guys in michigan are always so flirty   it's like i'm fresh meat or something haha
hmm   possibly moving? aha 
"cause underneath there's gold, i need to get around to find it  and when i want to go, i can dream  i've been trying all my time "
some lady started licking her lips and told my mom and i that we have sexy lips  i don't know whether i should feel flattered or be freaked out   
hahaha awesome night with <propfirst> knoll and <propfemale> <propmale>
i've got somethin' and it goes thumpin' like this
hahaha good day so far  i'm gonna miss you <propfirst> knoll  annoyed  don't worry   i'll make a skype!  smile 
going on a vegetarian diet again  smile  starting tomorrow
needs to get her ass to the gym 
loves walking at this time of night  smile 
weight loss goal: 15 pounds  i'm determined  laugh 
work   then avenged sevenfold concert tonight!!  best day ever 
avenged sevenfold next!!!  laugh  i think i might cry
best night of my life  i love avenged sevenfold and always will  love 
still very tired from last night  avenged sevenfold kicked ass  i will always love them  love  now time to start looking for a second job so i can save up for a car  smile 
my ipod needs more music 
the killers and <propfirst> mayer before bed   sooo relaxing  love 
chicagoooo today
"i've seen so many toyota camrys on the road today   yeah, just rub it in that i don't have one yet  annoyed "
stone <propfemale> pilots were amazing last night  <propfirst> weiland is so sexy when he dances haha
just saw avenged sevenfold for the second time in less than a week  how lucky am i  laugh  god i love them  love 
goin' home today  i'd rather just stay put in chicago 
wi-fi on the greyhound bus    yessss  smile 
"going out shopping with my love, <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile "
going to bed at a decent hour    a first for me in a while
hanging out with <propfemale> <propmale> soon and then off to 7th street tattoo  smile 
i love <propmale> poppycock  laugh 
ohh i love you <propfirst> <propfemale>  love 
"“today you are you, that is truer than true  there is no one alive who is youer than you \- dr  seuss"""
hanging out with kackada   attempting to change his oil haha
some things are better left unsaid  annoyed 
"there comes a time in your life when you realize who will always matter, who does matter, and who never did  so don't worry about people from your past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to your future  and with that said, i'm gonna take a long relaxing bubble bath  i deserve it "
please tell me today can't get any worse  ugh  fml 
i can only hope that today will be better   just gotta make the best of it i suppose   
does anyone else ever get the feeling that people sometimes look at you funny? or is it just me?
sleepy tiiime  smile 
scrubs 
"please please pleeeeease work out  if this isn't a miracle, i don't know what is then   "
aghh orphan is a freaky movie!
ugh it is too early   
"watching \the final destination\"" what a shitty movie  doesn't even compare to the first three   """
"ugh i hate the \b\"" word      bills  playful """
a majority of cops are douche bags 
needs to go work out tonight    no excuses!
i'm addicted to skype now  ha 
"\you know how i know you're gay? you listen to coldplay\"""""
sleeeeeep 
so much to look forward to within the coming months  laugh 
soo   basically you have to watch mtv at 2 in the morning to even see music videos   ha
can things pleeeeease get better soon    ughh
watching sexiest rockers on fuse     hello <propfirst> weiland  smile 
haha gosh i love tosh 0  smile 
time to go work out  laugh 
it's payday and all my money is going straight towards bills    blahhh
needs a cigarette right about now   
work   
lady gaga better win video of the year   i loooove her  smile 
and just when i thought it couldn't get any worse   
"\how stupid is your kid if he needs training wheels on his tricycle?\"" - <propfirst> leno haha"""
thursday needs to come now  smile 
can't wait for tonight!
sleep  smile 
i think i'm fallin' for you
watching a creepy ass movie called sutures   ugh don't watch it! haha
i refuse to look as white as sour cream this fall winter  time to go tanning asap 
"i love how you call me ugly as if it's relevant to the argument  no hun, i'm not ugly    you're just jealous  wink "
electricity went out while i was doing my makeup  fml 
i seriously regret only getting four hours of sleep    ughh
i love world of jenks  smile 
i have this love hate feeling for 500 days of summer
"i hope life isn't a big joke, because i don't get it "
watching house of wax     on mtv? haha  i'm just waiting till they get to the good part     when <propfirst> <propmale> gets killed lol
what's up with kids having kids these days   
me: so there's no guy you'd go gay for at all? no cute guys? <propmale> lawrie : maybe if i met myself at some different time   hahaha
is falling in love with the strokes
"good news, good day so far    nobody rain on my parade  smile "
just got hit on by a chick   i'm flattered   but no thank you lol
nothing like finding shredded toilet paper all over your kitchen with a puppy who looks up at you with sad eyes  how can i say no to that? haha
misses chicago  just a few more weeks  smile 
never thought i'd say this but     time to go tanning
oh sleep    how i miss you right now
"relax, work, go tanning, relax    again  smile "
"has to buy the new guitar hero! yes, i still play it   haha"
"so i'm pretty sure they stopped making my kat <propmale> d 'memento mori' eyeshadow   if that's the case, don't be surprised if you hear or see a girl crying in sephora today   lol"
i get 450 minutes a month for my phone  i've already used exactly 450  it doesn't reset until the 19th  fml 
photoshoot with <propfemale> wilkerson today  smile  should be interesting  ha
bought my halloween costume  smile  celebrating in chicago this year  laugh 
"i've seen every jackass skit a billion times    i have work in the morning   yet i continue to stay up and watch jackass anyway    yes, i love it that much  smile   love "
what happened to my twins?  annoyed 
gonna go walk my dog for some exercise & then be lazy the rest of the night watching some jackass  smile  cannot wait until the movie comes out!!  smile 
16 more days  love  hopefully even less!  smile 
i wanna lose weight yet there's a slice of cheesecake in the fridge with my name on it    so tempting   haha
slowly but surely i'm beginning to get some color   this tanning is paying off  smile 
"this\ is cancer awareness month  in memory of every cancer patient, family \member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer ? and in honor \of those who continue to conquer! put this up for 1 hour if you love \someone who has or had cancer "
damn i don't know who's sexier    synyster gates or <propfirst> casablancas  smile 
i wanna see jackass 3 at midnight  annoyed 
steve-o on <propfirst> <propfemale>!  smile 
i try to comment on something and it sends a message instead? aghh i hate using facebook on my phone lol 
going to see jackass 3!  smile 
jackass was awesome  it was wayyy better than the sleep i should be getting right now  work at 6am  aghh
watching the crow for the millionth time    i'll always love this movie  smile 
some guy said i look familiar and asked if i was famous    haha wow  
one of my lucky bamboo stalks is dying     sad face  annoyed 
had a dream that i <propmale> out and became friends with kat <propmale> d! then i woke up     damn
my grandma has been gone for almost five years and we still get mail with her name on it    ugh  annoyed 
watching a nightmare on elmstreet   freddy used to always scare me as a kid lol
<propfemale> excited for halloween this year!
is it the 27th yet? i wish   
accept everything except nothing 
"what's on my mind? wednesday, wednesday, wednesday!  smile "
getting my snakebites tomorrow  laugh 
your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus
"\anyone who drives a stretch hummer and thinks it's okay to take up four parking spots deserves to have their windows smashed\""-tosh 0 lol"""
on my way to chicagooo  smile 
can i just stay in chicago and not come back?  smile 
i don't wanna leave chicago tomorrow  annoyed 
"i want to move out of state soon but not only am i impatient, i also can't save money  i'm screwed "
mmm    sleeeeep  smile 
time to go work out my buns and thighs and huge muscles      haha
watching dumb and dumber for the 948530853845 time  shit never gets old  smile 
note to self: clean out pockets before you wash your pants  
"mall with my love, <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile "
i give up on some people   
"aiming for february, possibly january    i can already tell 2011 is going to be awesome  smile "
wow   i am so out of it today   too many things on my mind
watching the adventures of mary-kate and ashley    brings back memories  smile 
my puppy is growling at a ball and hiding  soooo tough   haha
wow  i do look a lot like <propfemale> <propfemale>  
the one day when i have no ride to work and it's snowing like crazy      greeeeeeat
"wow  power out since 10am this morning   might not be fixed till the \end of day tomorrow\"" wtf """
catching up on some of the office    lazy day today
"there are two different kinds of people in this world: those who finish what they start, and"
"it's clear that you're upset with me   finally found a girl that you couldn't impress, last man on the earth still couldn't get this"
"went to the mall, got some lunch, later time for some bingo? ha it's a good friday  smile "
"okay, you can go away now, winter  playful "
next three days off and the first thing that popped into my head was sleeeeeep  smile 
"can't wait to leave this state so i can say a \nice knowin' ya\"" to all the people i thought for years actually cared  """
won $50 at bingo (would have been $100! grr) and a snowman blanket    pretty good day  laugh 
less than two weeks i get to visit my favorite place again    chicago  smile 
it's been five years today that you've been gone    i love you grandma
"hanging out with <propfirst> knoll , <propfemale> <propfirst> , and <propfemale> <propfemale> today  smile "
finally watched toy story 3    where is rc!?  annoyed 
whatever  
"wow   apple couldn't come out with an ipod touch with hd video recording two years ago? no matter what you buy, something better will always come out eventually    grr"
watching miami ink  i've always thought it would be really cool to be a tattoo artist   too bad i can't draw to save my life ha
"all the lives, always tempted to trade  will they hate me for all the choices i've made? will they stop when they see me again? i can't stop  now i know who i am"
later today i'll be on my way to <propfirst> town for the weekend  laugh 
haha no snow in chicago yet suckers  playful 
"boyfriend bought me avenged sevenfold tickets for february 1st! he must reaaaaally like me  smile  already saw a7x twice in concert and still haven't met them   third times a charm, right?  wink "
rain rain go away
i don't wanna leave chicago  annoyed  oh well    it'll be my new home in 2011  smile 
honestly   do people have any respect at all? grr  
im a pants pooper
soo   who wants to be extra generous this christmas and buy me a toyota camry or honda civic? any takers?  smile 
finally bought myself a wii   time to kick my boyfriend's butt in some <propfirst> kart muahahaha
nintendo wii is making me become a couch potato  hmm    better buy wii fit haha
moa with <propfirst> knoll  love 
hmm  what's my christmas tradition? watching a christmas story every year  that movie neverrr gets old
why are slater from dazed and confused and <propmale> silver from pineapple e playful ress <propfemale> cute?
time to not eat anything for the next few days haha   i had <propfemale> much good food today!
hmm   go work out tan after work or be lazy and watch a movie? ha decisions decisions  
eew i'm too pale  tanning and working out tonight for sure  
the thought of waking up early tomorrow for work makes me sad  annoyed  haha  time for some sleep  
i hate mornings 
"i've been neglecting my body lately, so i think it's time for some routine daily pilates  oh, and no junk food whatsoever  let's hope i can do it ha "
no work tomorrow which means i'll have a little extra time with my two best friends   my bed and my pillow  smile 
"i love the movie blow, but <propfemale> <propfirst> is just too beautiful!"
february 1st is coming up quick   get to see sexy avenged sevenfold in chicago for the third time  laugh  with my sexy boyfriend  wink 
"has an over-the-phone interview tomorrow with the lowe's in northbrook, illinois! yay! so glad this transfer might work out  smile "
don't leave your hair straightener on around a curious puppy   he may just pee on it   ughh
people just suck in general   
"second interview with the northbrook, illinois lowe's went pretty well i think    i'm excited  laugh "
ugh i hate hiccups  
i did a couple extra minutes than my regular tanning time and it comes back to bite me in the butt   now i look sunburned in the middle of winter? greaaat 
packing is so time consuming    and facebook is too distracting   
award shows for celebrities are a joke    let's give already privileged people a trophy for being in movies and on tv   the fame and fortune aren't enough?
march 22nd = the stroke's fourth album  laugh 
"just to make things clear   when i move to chicago, i will not be a white sox fan    it's all about the minnesota twins  smile  <propfirst> mauer and <propfirst> <propmale> baby  love   love "
getting my hair cut and dyed   let's hope it turns out okay  smile 
"\it's winter time   time to get fat! except i wouldn't recommend it for you ladies   you think it's cold when you're skinny? imagine sleeping alone  \"" -tosh 0 haha"""
watching freaks and geeks   haven't seen this show in foreverrr
a hot shower sounds really good right about now   i'm freezing!
"i can't believe i'm saying this but i might actually miss my job the most about minnesota lol  oh well, chicago here i come  "
food tastes so different in chicago   the fries at burger <propmale> are so different from the ones in minnesota   so sad that i know the difference   haha
"going to lowe's in northbrook today   busy, busy, busy"
finally had baskin robins for the first time in my life  smile  lol 
"probably not going to avenged sevenfold tonight now   thanks a lot, stupid blizzard "
making steak tonight    who wants to come over?  laugh 
b dubs and ufc tonight with <propmale> lawrie and herf yamaya  smile 
i never liked <propfemale> aguilera anyways    there's no need to lengthen every single note you sing  you should probably get the words right though       
stuck in wisconsin till 1pm    crazy packer fans      
facebook was distracting when i was in school and now it's distracting when i should be job searching    haha
it's absolutely beautiful outside  i couldn't ask for better weather  smile 
why oh why does lollapalooza have to cost $200?  annoyed 
job searching and doing taxes   soooo much fun
watching dumb and dumber and making a pizza with the bf   a good night  smile 
chicago pizza: you taste so good   but you're so bad for me!
i could really go for a caramel cooler right now   
it's only been a month and i already miss minnesota   lol
what am i doing tonight? watching tosh 0 and the roast of <propfirst> trump  smile 
going to woodfield mall without any $$$ = pure torture
ufc  smile 
women are crazy  men are stupid  women are crazy because men are stupid  smile 
my minnesota twins play april 1st and i can't even watch it > sad  pshh like i'd ever watch the stupid white sox  playful 
it is too early to be awake      i miss my bed already
we're all the same and love is blind     the sun is gone before it shines
why does all the bad stuff have to happen all at once?  
i got a call from a job i applied to but i have no idea what the lady said it was for     crossing my fingers for toyota  laugh 
watchin my twin's  smile  mauer is still sexy as ever  smile 
lexus interview at 10   aghh so nervous
working 10-4 at lowe's and 6 smile 0-2am at ae  let the work day begin  annoyed 
i've been working more than i've been sleeping     not a good combo   
i miss my job and everything back in sota    i can't adapt to change very well   
"work 7-3, ca$h check, <propmale>'s birthday party, and no work tomorrow    ohh yeah  smile "
mauer on the disabled list!? noooo  annoyed 
isn't it just lovely when a girl flirts with your boyfriend when you're only 3ft away? pretty sure he's with me hun    but nice try  smile 
"\there should be a rule to not have food delivered when the place you ordered from is in sight\""- <propmale> lawrie haha"""
9-6 shifts go soooo slow  i want my bed  annoyed 
is there such a thing as feeling happy and miserable at the same time? stupid emotions   
moving back to minnesota may 2nd  only temporarily  chicago has grown on me  smile 
"don't ever sign up at anytime fitness  especially the west st  <propfirst>  location  <propmale>, the \manager\"" is a complete jerk and douche bag """
bdubs and ufc tonight    doesn't get any better than this  smile 
on my way back to minnesota  annoyed   i'll be back soon chicago  smile 
hanging out with the lovely <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile 
i love how you don't find out your pants are ripped until after you're already in public  such a wonderful start to my day   
and i thought not going to the mall would save me money     then i remembered there's online shopping    haha
i actually don't mind working now    it makes me that much closer to finally getting my car  laugh 
"oh man, i really need one of those ufc punching bags to let off some steam   "
just saw  a lady scratch her butt from the inside of her pants    keeps work    interesting
"if you stand for nothing, you'll fall for anything "
this is the moment i've been waiting for the past 7 days    i get to go to sleep tonight and wake up tomorrow whenever i feel like it  smile 
"i hate looking for the \right\"" school for me    i think i hate looking at what i'll have to pay even more   """
it's a beautiful sunday and i'm stuck at work all day    no surprise there
"hahaha \motley lue\"""""
had a customer today that asked me specific questions about the aa batteries    i'm a cashier    not a battery e playful ert     just buy the freakin batteries      geeze
saving money has been surprisingly easy  can't wait to be driving my honda crv soon! and can't wait to get my half sleeve this summer!!  smile 
"two tank tops, three shirts, and one pair of capris all for $60  i'd say shopping today was a success  laugh "
perfect day for a walk    my pale skin needs to see some sun lol
<propfirst> weiland on <propfirst> leno tonight    yay!  smile 
wants to be at home downloading more music than at work slaving away    
gonna <propfemale> out with the lovely <propfemale> <propfemale>  smile 
missing ufc tonight thanks to work    ugh    hate closing shifts
work soon     where else would i be?
it always seems like a good decision at the time to stay up late    but i know my body is gonna hate me in the morning when i have to get up for work haha   
"that's so funny the last time i laughed at that, i laughed so hard   i fell off my dinosaur!"
had a <propfemale> bush prick me at work today  annoyed  evvvvvery <propfemale> has its thorn   
helping miss <propfemale> move into her new apartment today  smile 
can't wait until tomorrow after work!!  smile 
rockin' out to rock the casbah at mad jacks and they turn the song! wtf
can't even walk without getting whistled or blown kisses at    gotta love <propfirst> street    yuck!
hot dogs wrapped in croissants! so yummyyy
"i don't care how many times i've seen dumb and dumber in my life    if it's on tv, i will watch it!"
"\even if you were naked it would still be hot\""- hahah my mom"""
9 7 11-- honda civic tour    blink 182  laugh  yay!
"going on a nice, long walk  smile "
jackass 3 5 tonight!!  smile 
getting my hair done then going to the mall  smile 
is at pizza luce  smile 
my bed is callin my name!
some lady drove by and yelled at me to put my cigarette down  i should have replied to put the food down cause she sounded like a fatttttty 
"absolutely hates it when customers call me 'hun', 'sweetie', or even 'babe'  no, i'm in no way any of those things to you so pay and get out      please  smile "
<propfirst> mauer on the new gatorade commercials    hello  wink 
hopefully i'm considered for this job at regions hospital    fingers crossed
watching <propfirst> tosh stand up    haha love him
"<propfirst> dunn, jackass won't be the same without you   you will be missed    rip  sad "
on my way to chicago    good riddance minnesota
aghh it's such a beautiful day in chicago  unfortunately i'm coming back to sota today   blahhhh
have to wake up at 4am    i am not going to be a pleasant person to be around tomorrow   
feelin' accomplished lately  laugh 
canterbury tonight! hoping to win some moneyyyy  smile 
"hmm    should i get a <propmale> or <propfemale> piercing? decisions, decisions  "
had a good year or so off from school    can't wait to start classes august 3rd!  smile 
last night was so much fun! definitely had an awesome weekend  laugh 
a perfect circle tonight!  smile 
been awake for almost two days straight    finally time for some much needed sleep  laugh 
work at 6am  sad 
sooo glad i'm out of work    pretty sure all the assholes decided to arrive the last hour
no work this weekend = the greatest thing ever  laugh 
pretty sure a creepy customer took my picture with his phone    geeze at least don't make it so obvious    
is officially sick of summer    where is fall?!
canterbury park with <propfirst> knoll    winning some money  smile 
scarred is on! i miss this show! hello jacoby  wink 
i wish going to work was optional   
sore throats suck  sad 
how do they e playful ect me to swallow these huge pills with sore strep throat? grrr
just when i thought i was feeling better    i get even sicker  sad 
my baby nephew should be arriving into the world today  laugh   love 
"i can think of one thing i wanna do right now to relieve some stress and i can't even do it because i \quit\"" -__- stupid nicorette gum  sad """
it's only august and i'm already searching for halloween costumes   
i have heard there are troubles of more than one kind  some come from ahead and some come from behind  but i've bought a big bat  i'm all ready you see  now my troubles are going to have troubles with me- dr seuss
why does angry birds have to be so addicting?
"serial killer game!!! here are the rules annoyed go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side \\1st:turns you in: <propfirst> schilling\2nd: knows but won't tell: <propfemale> letexier\3rd playful artner in crime: <propfemale> alred\4th: first victim: <propfemale> haynes\5th: tries to kill you: <propmale> werner\6th: the police officer that arrested you: <propfirst> pasquale\7th: your lawyer: <propfirst> xiong"
going to the mall with two things on my mind: barnes and <propmale> and tea garden  smile 
"i tear my heart open, i sew myself shut  my weakness is that i care too much  "
loves working when there's a bat flying around    not!
it's not even monday yet and already i'm wishing for friday   long work week ahead -_-
frisbee golf time  smile 
"you are in a horror movie it takes place at your house  here are the rules: go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side \1st person to die: <propfemale> morgan\2nd person is the one to run upstairs instead of out the door:joe bergeson\3rd person is the killer: <propfemale> kristin\4th person is the accomplice: <propfemale> xiong\5th person is the one who hides in the closet: <propmale> sheik yerbouti jackson\6th person is the one who saves the day: <propfemale> calmeyn"
"frisbee golf with <propfirst> wallender, <propfemale> lardy, <propfirst> <propfirst> sanchez, <propmale> sheik yerbouti <propmale>, <propmale> pinner     best step up your game!  smile "
not looking forward to work at 5am    especially when i'm not even tired  sad  pretttttty sure my body is gonna hate me tomorrow morning   
i hold on so hard and pray that i won't say something wrong   i look at the stars    and dream that the universe was ours    my crazy angel
is it the weekend yet?  sad 
i want my half sleeve really bad    i wish things were free  sad 
"grandpa's horse,  mister wu,  won the last race at canterbury    good day  smile "
could things get any worse?  sad 
what's the point of wisdom teeth if they're going to be pulled anyway? so painful  sad 
"me: \i bet you 90% of the population will smoke weed at least once in their lifetime\"" <propfemale> wilkerson: \""90? that seems kinda high    no pun intended\"""""
"i hate hot and humid weather but i don't know if i'm ready for chilly weather like this    i just want to cuddle up in my nice, warm bed  sad "
i had one wisdom tooth pulled today and i feel like i'm gonna dieeeeee    this pain is annoying
tonight is the series finale of la ink  sad  i love kat <propmale> d
missing avenged sevenfold right now because i'm not in chicago  sad  not to mention how much i'm craving sarkis  sad 
get to watch my baby nephew  laugh  i love him so so much!!
the one day i have motivation to go running and it's raining   ugh  
lion <propmale> time  laugh 
"it's brother week: if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, annoyed you, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong & is someone you are proud to have in your life … re-post this if you have a brother out there you care about"
hard to stay positive when bad things keep coming left and right  
"the hangover\first 10 people on the left no cheating!!!\gets lost before his her wedding: <propmale> sheik yerbouti jackson\finds a baby in the closet: <propmale> lawrie\wakes up missing a tooth: <propfirst> <propmale> serrato\    gets knocked out by <propfirst> tyson: <propfirst> <propfirst> bader\steals a tiger: <propfemale> calmeyn\steals a cop car: <propfirst> xiong\gets tasered: <propfirst> sweeney\gets stashed in the trunk: <propfemale> lardy\gets roofied: <propfemale> morgan\goes through the nite without getting in trouble: <propmale> pinner"
"stupid cancer  we all want a new car, a new phone  a person who has cancer only wants one thing    to survive  i know that a lot of you \who think you're too cool\"" probably won't re-post this  but a very little amount of my friends will  put this on your wall in honor of someone who died of cancer!"""
rockin out to lady gaga with my baby nephew    he loves her lol
"work, practicing parallel parking, then my driving test tomorrow! i really just need one of those cars that parks itself lol"
