c58e6353c7865d6f64e0c5fd1469c869
1  visual basic 2  band 3  geometry 4  studyhall 5  lunch 6  english 7  bible 8  world history 9  ips
"second race, new pr at westerville north (20:53)"
just colored an entire etch a sketch black
got off at the wrong bus stop and had to walk 20 minutes to get home
got lost while running at the cross country meet
found another dead bird in my yard   
"on very thin ice, very thin ice  "
somebody called the police on me because i climbed a tree in a park  what is this world coming to?
is building a double bass pedal
der tag an dem die welt unterging is so good!!! it's so much better than monster aus dem schrank! wbtbwb!!!!
i waited 4 hours for this!!
just saw <propmale> of persia three days before it is released and it was amazing!!!!
attack attack! where you at?
miss may i and attack attack! concert was so amazing! and i met the real saud <propmale>!
i just got my first papercut in 9 years 
in illinois for the rest of the week
the cure for sickness = early to bed and eat lots of bread
miss may i   
neighborhood party!
the new tdwp is better than anything they have done before!!
new miss may i!!!!!
will it blend? that is the question  
chipped a big part of my tooth off
dubstep!!!!
more new miss may i released tonight and it's sooo good!
cut off my hair!
just bought a schecter!
watching shaolin soccer in cantonese! lol thanks <propfirst> ong
"i'll be back, with a head on my shoulders"
the event!!!!
is multitasking 
is sewing
is now an official asian! thank you @<propfemale> <propfemale> tomatzin!!
antigone is gay
is carving pumpkins
is cooking some very good food
is eating texas <propmale> and turkey!
cutting my own hair!
recording new guitar tracks !
putting together my christmas tree !
fear factor
got my temps today !
no school !
"no power, and all the smoke alarms are going off"
chambered winds
stuck at the westerville library for 2 hours with nothing to do  
enough is enough! i have had it with these monkey-fighting snakes on this monday-to-friday plane!
