949327d0360fcfb5da7f9e3caa7488e0
just getting over a very rough weekend  we lost my closest uncle on wednesday  just getting ready for another week  will be downloading throw back pics after i finish going through all my boxes 
fightin these sinuses  this pollen has got me messed up  lookin forward to church sunday  god is good 
fyi i'm condensing my friend list  if i delete u & u want to stay on just request me again  sorry no hard feelings 
"tgif!!! looking forward 2 a beautiful,family fun filled weekend  if i weren't so family oriented i would be checkin out what they r callin freaknic 2010  if anybody goes please post info,pics,&videos  also if anybody knows of any animal organization, vets, or the like; looking to fill any position in metro atl please hit me up  i'm looking 2 make a career change, probably gonna go 2 school for it "
anybody know of a good school 2 go 2 4 the field of workin w  animals please hit me up  i get on hear religiously checkin out erbody else w o updating much  i'm now gonna stay more updated  if i delete u when a condense my friend list & u want @ return let me know  hope ya'll have a great & blessed 1!!!
home from procoring the crct's  1 more day  thank u rain wash all that stuff away  i'm soooo ready 2 b done with allergy season 
getting ready for my youngest 6th b-day party and 2 end of year parties for my children  got to love bein a mom  bein a room mom 4 both my children isn't bad either  still lookin for a job  let me know if u ne know where thats hiring 
my youngest 6th b-day party was a hit  now to plan 2 end of year parties  bein a room mom is great but bein a mom is really great  have a blessed one fb fam 
"had a great last week of school with the girls, but glad all the hustle & bustle is over  adreniline still hasn't came down  but thats a good thing: came home & been geetin things done every since  i hope this energy lasts  got a lot of spring cleaning to do  have a blessed weekend facebook fam & friends "
this in fromfacebook   there are many complaints that facebook has becomeunacceptably slow the report shows that facebook has a number ofnonactive members  they want us to re-post this message to see who areactive and who are not  if you don't post this message within 2 weeks   you will be removed in order to get more space  post this on your wallto show that you are active in the facebook· 
disregard last post it looks like its just a hoaq  also 2 ne1 that has religion & prays; please pray for me  i had an interview last week at a vet (been trying to change profession 4 more than a year now ) they gave me a working interview on thursday since it will be my 1st time n this profession  pray i get the job & can stomach nething i may come across  i really want & need this  happy hump day fb fam & friends 
"just made it back from a great weekend spent with my fam  my niece had her 17th b-day party, drove 2 alabama 2 attend  working interview at vet's office went well  have a good feeling bout it  have 2 wait 2 here back 1st part of next week  thanks 4 all the prayers and good wishes on that, keep it up  happy father\s day @ all the real fathers out there """
"be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to god  and the peace of god, which surpasses all comprehension, will guard your hearts and your minds in christ jesus  \\philippians 4:6,7 nasb"
"by the way, if any body local 2 atlanta area is looking 4 a motorcycle we may be considering selling ours  will post pics if so  if any1 interested or knows any1 who may b interested let me know, 4 further info "
"greatest man in history, named jesus,had no servants,yet they called him \master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicine, yet\they called him healer  had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no \military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet\    they crucified him  he was burried in a tomb, yet he lives today! \repost if you believe in your heart to be true   see more"
i wanted to thank every1 4 their best wishes & prayers about me getting the job  update:i got the job!!!! not only that but i'll be working as a receptionist so i don't have 2 be as concerned w  stomaching the medical stuff  thank u lord patience has payed off  i start next week  happy friday er1  going swimming then skating  have a great & blessed friday & weekend er1 
getting up & ready for my first day at work  wish me luck  hope erbody has a good monday 
getting ready 4 day 3  goin well so far  it's gonna be a long 1  we have alot on our plate 2day  soooo happy i'm off 4 this weekend  holiday  happy friday fb fam & friends  hope u have a blessed 1 
hey everyone  i'm back on  internet's bn down for almost a month  hope every1's bn well  have a blessed 1 
"happy monday to all  i just want to say thank u god for my life, loved ones, and new found career  have a good 1 fb fam and friends "
well here we go  school day # 1  open house went well last night  lets see how the lil princesses do this morning  soooo glad i was off yesterday & today  busy day  lots to do  have a blessed 1 facebook fam & friends
"good morning facebook  hope erbody has a blessed 1  this is my friday this week  yeah!!! long week, but thoroughly loving my job "
1 of the worst days ever  i freakin hate friday the 13th  i woke up and went out to check on my dogs and found 1 of my dogs dead  my oldest daughter found him hanging from the steps  he's been like this at least 9-12 months with no problem  how the hell today he fell but poor baby legs just didn't catch the ground 
"i cried most of today  luckily i now work at a vet and thanks to my great employer i can get him creamated & ashes returned 2 me( without charge, thank the lord)  we didn't e playful ect him 2 last much longer as a 15 yr  old shih tzu  but dear lord not like this rip <propfirst> i'll always love you "
"they say a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and don’t hold grudges  they understand that life is busy,       but   that you will always love them   re-post if you have at least one of these friends  i am privileged to say i do!"
"god will never drop you any farther than your knees and that is the perfect position to be in  p r a y  = praise, repent, ask, yield\"",2010-09-01 18:22:25""",949327d0360fcfb5da7f9e3caa7488e0,"saw you pass away  although i loved you dearly, i couldn't make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me, he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day!"
"to all my friends and fam  i'd like to witness how good god is  be it whatever religion  god accepts everyone, all shapes, sizes, ages, backgrounds & colors  always remember we as people are not the judge, god is  we should never turn away from people because we don't agree with their thoughts, ideas, choices, or lifestyles  that should be all the more reason to witness to them "
"to every1 alike, regardless of religion or belief, witnessing to someone is not pushing your religion on them  it is simply letting his light shine through you "
"if any1 would like to visit with no pressure or obligation  i'm putting out an open invitation to come to <propfemale> chapel church of god located on macland rd, powdersprings, ga  they are based on love, acceptance, and forgivness  come as you are  services on wednesday nights 7pm & sundays at 9am & 11am  we would love to have you  any questions or need directions, reply or mess  me "
"winding down a week w  the kids out of school  can't believe i'm up this late  i'm finished submitting my inventory for consignment  to erbody, keep god 1st in ur life  the rest will fall n2 place  always truelly blessed and thankful  have a good monday fb fam & friends "
"ughh upset stomach, throwing up  guess i'm going 2 the doctor "
copy this to your status and see what people rate you (1) ghetto (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) crazy (7) i want you ( smile  spoiled (9) great person (10) wild (11) funny (12) beautiful (13) mature (14) i'd take u home to mom (15) wish i had your number (16) weird (17) honest    (1 smile  cute (19   ) best    fri   end  see what ur friends say
"if any1 has extra time this saturday coming up, 10 9  my job butler creek animal hospital is having there open house from 9-4  free giveaways, food, jumpie, and fun  3180 acworth due west rd  kennesaw, ga  30152 please come see what we have to offer "
"also my girls' school fall festival is 4-7 and still in need of volunteers(only 30 <propfemale> slots)  we need help running games, booths, jumpies, set-up, & break down  please respond or message me if you think your interested for directions and details to both  if you know anyone, teenage children, or anyone of the like we need volnteers "
"1994 honda magna motorcycle f7c-red -$3000(metro atlanta)for sale-if u or if u know any1 interested pls contact me via mess or email shellybug80@aol com  clean,immaculate shape,never dropped,good tires&chain,original paint,chrome in great condition,3rd owner,doesn't leak oil,31,000 miles,garage kept since new,4 cylinder,shield,well worth asking price,can deliver locally metro atlanta area,see pics on profile"
if any one has free time or is willing my girls' school needs volunteers for their fall festival sat  10 9 10 4pm-7pm  please reply or message me if you or you know of anyone interested or able  also please view my profile if you or anyone you know may be interested in a motorcylce 
"also to all metro atl friends and family, my job butler creek animal hospital (3180 acworth due west rd  kennesaw, ga  30152), is having their open house tomorrow sat  10 9 10 9am-4pm  they will be having give-aways, free food, bounce house, and more  looking for veterinary, groom, boarding services come see what we have to offer  look forward to seeing ya'll there "
if any one has free time or is willing my girls' school needs volunteers for their fall festival sat  10 9 10 4pm-7pm  please reply or message me if you or you know of anyone interested or able  also please view my profile if you or anyone you know may be interested in a motorcylce 
"thank god it's sunday  church was great, got the girls' costumes, all the craziness of planning and preparing for open house & fall festival is over, and fixin 2 eat good  let go & let god, & praise & thank him at all times  have a great week fb fam & friends  please c profile about motorcyle for sale, if u or any1 may b interested "
"thank you to all my prayer warriors on fb       when praises go up        blessing come down  lord im thanking and praising you in advance for what you are bout to do,thanking you for what you have done   and for what you are doing in my life right now   amen  gm fb fam"
"let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are   and if they are paying attention  leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your first name, no repeats  it can only be 1 word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you!!!! this should be interesting!!!!"
time to start another week  so enjoyed my weekend off enjoyed my family dinner & 2nd anniversary  happy monday fb fam & friends hope ya'll have a great start to the week  i'll keep erbody in my prayers 
what a day came home 2 my oldest w  104 temp  didn't know how long she'd had a temp  winded up at er  w  antibiotics fluids rest she'll be alright have a blessed sunday fb fam & friends 
"in memory of our moms, dads, brothers and sisters, friends and loved ones friday is world cancer day -i'd appreciate it if you will forward this dear god, i pray for a cure for cancer  amen all you are asked to do is keep this circulating, even if it's only to one more person in memory of anyone you know who has been   struck down by cancer or is still living with it a candle loses nothing by lighting another candle "
"when u <propfemale> the bible, satan gets a headache, when u open it, he collapses  when he sees you reading it, he faints, and when you are about to repost this message, he will try and discourage you   i defeated him, i reposted        "
i'm now an avon representative  if u know any1 or u urself would like a catalog please inbox me will get back to u 
"do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here's a task for you  i want my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same  you will be amazed at the results you get, this could get crazy!"
"who actually knows me?\first name ____ last name ____ age ____ birthday ____ nickname ____ favorite color ____ pet peeve ____ favorite thing to do ____ who do i like? ____ (put this as your status to see who knows you best!)"
"long day off, preparing for family 4 the holidays, started christmas decorating  gonna be a short but long week  hope erbody has a great monday  erbody be safe, and keep god 1st  inbox me if ur interested in avon  i am now an official sales women "
what a day  woke up 2 clean up vomit made me late 4 work  daughter seems 2 b ok  i guess her tummy was just upset last night  hope i dont get a call from daycare  have a great monday fb fam & friends 
3 words: what a day!!!
happy thanksgiving to all  be thankful 4 all u have even if u ain't got no big plans  there are people that would give nething 2 have a pinch of what u got  have a great time w  family & friends 
"great weekend w  the family  be headin back 2 the \a\"" shortly  the wedding was beautiful  congrats 2 <propfemale> & john i'm so happy 4 yall """
? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ?my ? prayer ? is ? that? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found  ? will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour? ?
tgif! hope erbody has a blessed weekend  if any1 is interested i am now an avon sales rep  inbox me 4 a brochure  lots of holiday options & gifts  <propfemale> i'll be droppin 1 of 4 u 
change your profile picture to a cartoon or cartoon character from your childhood to join the fight against child abuse  the goal? not to see a human face until dec  6  join the fun! copy & paste as your status & invite your friends to do the same
"to every1 that prays & has faith, please pray for me,enuf said "
please feel free to share my link for avon so that any of your friends that may be interested can see  thanks <propfemale> 
"still not quite done w  christmas shopping, but got some done today  and feel much better  now just gotta get em wrapped while the kids are at my parents  so i won't be up all night on my birthday again wrapping gifts "
thanks for all the birthday wishes  it really means alot  i'm surprised too have so many birthday wishes  good to know so many people remember me & cared enough to take take the time to tell me happy b-day  to all of you & all other fb fam & friends hope you all have a blessed & <propfemale> christmas 
"does any1 in the <propfirst>, ga area know of any low income homes or where do search to find them?"
"to everyone who is calling for more strict gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons made oprah fat! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose!!! (reposted from another friend's status message  feel free to do the same ) guns don't pull their own triggers "
"there comes a time in life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it  you surround yourself with people who make you laugh, forget the bad, and focus on the good  so, love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who don't  life is too short to be anything but happy  falling down is part of life, getting back up is living ~ re-post if you agree"
"i have carried children within my body  slept with babies on my chest  i've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts  i've been puked on, peed on, and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor or blessing!! post this as your status if you are proud to be a mom!!!"
"what a great church service  to any & all in metro atl ga  we have guest speakers at <propfemale> chapel church of god off macland rd, in powdersprings, borderline <propmale>, 2morrow thurs  1 20 & fri  1 21 at 7pm  we would love 2 have u  if u need further info , please ask "
"please put this as your status for at least one hour if you, or someone you know has or had, an invisible illness (crohn's, rheumatoid arthritis, kidney disease, epilepsy, fibromyalgia, ms, copd, lupus, diabetes)  my one wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found  do it for all who have an invisible illness    it's a daily struggle"
"is e playful ecting again!! i know, i know, it's crazy isn't it? i can't believe it myself  i wasn't going to put it on here because it will soon be obvious but wanted to make it official  i mean who would have guessed that we are e playful ecting!! \\yup it's official   we are e playful ecting snow again wednesday night and thursday morning!! **re-post if    you have any sense of humor**see more"
"i pray, when it's time for me to say goodbye\i'll never forget looking in your eyes,\i pray, that i feel your touch\and that god doesn't forget our love, i pray,\when i close my eyes, i can still see visions of you on my mind \   i pray, that i see you in another life,\i pray that you still by my side  oh i pray ?see more"
why is it good things never last or they are too good to be true i mean really i havent asked for much lately
