56e82fc5ad33992839505dc85fcca0f6
happy new year!!
wants to go to busch gardens to see the new gray wolf pups!! so adorable!
feels terrible and can't sleep because of it     sad 
needs a haircut 
ninja warrior marathon!!! new one at 6 smile 0!!!
ninja killer: slider jump  rip all-stars!  sad 
just saw transformers: revenge of the fallen     and cried  twice 
hates her new haircut and doesn't want to leave the house until it grows out again  sad 
had an amazing time at kings dominion with <propfirst> today  joyful      and is slowly accepting her new hair 
loves all of her friends oh so much  parties and hugs and love  i'm going to miss you all!!!  crying 
"tentative dates: going down to do forms and such around the 20th  not staying! i still don't know when i'll be moving, but it won't be before the 20th  i may not be moving until very early august    "
is supposedly taking a trip down to <propfemale> next weekend  supposedly  1 month until first day of classes      v v
finally! stupid ap scores coming after everyone else's!
"is in love, had an amazing day and loves her flowers  laugh "
"kinda really sucks at bowling  and even managed to cut herself 3 times on a bowling ball  figures, huh?"
"last week in va! i'm going to miss everyone so much!!! except you, <propfemale>  you're coming with me "
saturday is moving day  2 days left    
last day  crying  but there's absolutely nobody i'd rather spend it with 
loves all of her friends from <propfemale> so very much!! keep in touch!!
finally has internet for a brief period after 3 days without!! man was it torture   
is in her new dorm and finally has internet!! it's a nice little room  classes start on monday!
"loves making friends through a battle of wits and a few bruises to the ego  thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!! (those who wished me a happy birthday, that is   )"
has only had one week of class and is already sick  perfect     troubled 
"there's been a mystery flu going around campus down here  found out yesterday what it is  swine flu! a new friend of mine got it and was asked to leave campus  and i'm conveniently sick  if i get swine flu because my immune system hates me, my life officially sucks "
has a really runny nose and is almost out of tissues  how pathetic  sad  on the upside pretty much all of my other symptoms are gone except for nose-related stuff  i think i'm allergic to <propfemale>   
had to get up really early to go get a credit card  not quite sure whether to be happy or pissed 
absolutely despises dorm internet  this is the first time in weeks that i can see everything on facebook!!
"oh! i forgot! apparently my identity has been stolen and i have fraudulent charges on a credit card that i never owned  joy, huh?  troubled "
is very sick and very lonely  only upside of today is football  let's hope that doesn't suck too 
fell down a total of three flights of stairs today  sometimes i don't like the rain 
has a friend in math class that loves the old tv show dinosaurs too  and i thought i had escaped that when i left <propfemale>  damn 
really really is getting tired of being disappointed  no visit to <propfemale> for me until thanksgiving  off to drown my sorrows in soda and oreos  i miss you so much <propfirst>  crying 
"fought tropical storm <propfemale>  and won  i have slipped 6 times today so far, and haven't fallen once!! and i'm in flip-flops with no tread on the bottom  i consider it a victory "
kinda really has the most random <propfemale> to go bowling  how odd 
"is: awake way too early, incredibly hot, dizzy, and nauseous  great way to start a tuesday "
"rip uga vii, 2008-2009  you're cute skin rolls will be dearly missed   crying "
"so, i'm in <propfemale> but there's a change of plans  i'm leaving for <propfemale> on friday (night, i think) so i have less time here than i thought   "
is so very happy and so in love  smile 
"holy crap, detroit won!!! i love you stafford, you sexy beast of a quarterback  love "
burnt her hand on the side of an evil new toaster   damn 
has found the one thing she hasn't missed the slightest since moving  even in the basement i can hear the fighting and stuff being thrown  happy thanksgiving     
will soon be on her way back to <propfemale>  sadness  i'll be back in three weeks!!!
wishes the snow everyone is talking about would come visit her down here  sad 
is so frustrated about the stupid online store that magically misplaced my order for <propfirst>'s christmas present and has no record of it 
"snooooooow is coming!! i'm so excited, and glad the precipitation following me in <propfemale> and nearly killing me is actually gonna freeze and fall in snowflakes ^__^"
"     i love the snow, but it could potentially impede my going-to-see-my-boyfriend-to-play-in-the-snow-together abilities  damn "
      damn 
just got back from her love's house  joyful  his daddy was so nice to come get me!!
back to classes today     damn  i should not have to be awake yet  sad 
5:45 class  holy shit is it cold outside  and dark      it's an accident waiting to happen  remember me when i become a statistic!!
is back in <propfemale>  had a great day with <propfirst>  smile 
had her piece of crap laptop fixed by her lovely brother  i still hate this thing    
"apparently has monkey feet  thanks <propfirst>, love you too "
loves <propfirst>'s family because they're all so nice to me! <propfirst>'s mean to me     but i suppose i love him too   
had a great day with <propfirst> and his great family  but mostly with <propfirst>  love 
"has a nasty headache  i would take an aspirin, but that wouldn't make life any less annoying "
"had a fantastical day keeping <propfirst> company at his bowling league games  ah, the sexual innuendo we used there  great day "
"<propmale> <propmale> dorton, if you ever scare me like this again, i'm going to beat the shit out of you "
nothing like a night of tears and bad dreams to make you wake up looking terrible with puffy eyes 
is all kinds of a sick mess 
only just woke up half an hour ago  and i still feel miserable  pollen season is not a time best spent in a basement bedroom with no air circulation and no dehumidifier 
"is apparently <propfemale>'s \love muffin\""     """
doesn't like that she's apparently predictable enough for others to use to their own advantage      that just doesn't sit well with me    
"\never get freudian with a man with a pickle \"" - <propfemale> <propfirst> mccoy"""
may be on a bowling team with <propfirst> in the near future? gotta think about it 
"had a great, great thursday  smile "
<propfirst> <propfemale> said that the normal man does not torture  generally it is the tortured that become torturers 
"had a so-so night  had fun bowling and won a free game, but i was scolded and i now have the highest handicap in the league  joy "
had to go home early from a sleepover with the besties because of a terrible headache behind my left eye  sad   of all the times to be sick     
bowling pt 2 tonight  here's hoping i can do better this time around and not embarrass myself 
well     my first game was much better anyway  probably wouldn't have sucked after that if i didn't start feeling sick 
"these days a good day seems really hard to come by  i've had okay days, but not one really great day for quite a while  and not just great for me, great for the people i love too  i'm still waiting on that "
"<propfirst>'s momma bought me a brand new ball  which made me feel bad that my first game with it was a 51  my first two games were good for me though (105, 97)  just wish my last game was that good "
"had a really great day today, but feels kinda awful  probably getting sick  and i want cuddle time  sad "
just randomly woke up and is cold and very dizzy  this is not a good sign 
"bowled decently tonight  132, 82, 81  last game was with my new ball, which i have partially started to understand  i need to praaaaaaaactice!!! \\though i am very proud of my 132  smile "
bad day  bad mood  i want to sleep through the rest of today so nothing else bad can happen 
"just walked across the street to bloom for some groceries  i don't mind playing frogger with 208, but i would like them to mow the median  some of those plants are sharp as hell and my toes do not appreciate it "
"my phone just died thanks to an \account error\"" from sprint  lovely  so i'll be out of commission for a while  hopefully it'll be all settled in the morning """
's phone is now turned back on  smile 
is gonna have a good day at kings dominion with <propfirst> today  smile 
intimitador 305 at kd = freakin'  awesome!! new favorite coaster for <propfemale>  smile 
"good day  very good day  my body hurts like hell, but it was so fun  up early tomorrow to prepare to go out yet again for a pool party  smile "
got sunburnt so badly  oh my god it hurts so bad  i was outside for maybe an hour  what the hell  i can't move     
"was in a  car accident today on the way to spend the week with <propfirst> and his mom in <propfemale> beach  we're  all fine and will continue the trip  tomorrow, off to the beach!"
thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday!!
"      a freaking cricket in my room kept me up all night, and now i feel awful  lovely "
is finally getting a bed of her own!!  smile  now maybe my back won't always feel like it's trying to snap itself in half when i wake up in the morning   
"oh <propfemale> football, how i missed you so  love "
just submitted an application to cvs  hoping so much that they hire me 
"well, i'm apparently a mean, cruel, and insensitive person, according to my lover because i moved away when he farted  lovely "
"even though <propfemale> lost, that second half was one hell of a game  not bad, arkansas, not bad "
"my laptop's keyboard died  sad  i'm using a wireless plugged in one until i can get a replacement  hurry up, nee-chan!  love "
got an svga cable in the mail so now her laptop is connected with her hd tv  this is utter epicness  i swear  and it's even better because my laptop has it's own remote so i can control it from my couch like it was just on tv  awesome  i'm never leaving my room again 
"first game stafford is back and healthy, and the lions beat the redskins  what an awesome halloween game  37-25  love "
i get so much done when <propfirst>'s not around to text  it's kinda creepy 
i'm trapped  i don't know what to do  all i know is i'm not strong enough to keep living this life 
"damn it!! lions-jets tied at 20-20, going into overtime  so stressful!! my poor baby is hurt yet again  crying "
"that figures, lions winning almost all game, then stafford gets hurt and the lions crash and burn  freaking figures "
note to self: that one video file that made my computer flip out was not alone  any mp4 file will cause a continuous windows e playful lorer crash loop  lovely 
"oh <propmale> potter, how you make me cry  how you make me cry so hard that someone 3 seats down from me passed me a tissue down the row "
"just finished my assessment for a pharmacy tech job at walgreens  i'm gonna call the pharmacy manager in a few hours to talk to him  and i hear a tech at giant is leaving so i may be considered for that, too  i really hope i can land one of these jobs    "
has won 8 coupons for free boxes of toaster strudels and 4 came today! i probably shouldn't be this excited about toaster strudels    
liar game ruined my dreams  it was great  but it ruined my dreams 
only i could manage to really hurt myself on a box of instant pancakes    
boom boom 
"i had such a wonderful anniversary  i got a beautiful necklace as a present, i got to spend the day with <propfirst> and part of it with his mom and <propmale>, and i scored really well in bowling  great day  love "
"my sister just left after just three days of being here  i miss her already  crying  \\daisuki nee-chan!!  love   love   love  hurry up and come back again soon!!"
got called in by walgreens today for a skill assessment  if i pass i have an interview on wednesday! so excited!!
