54b9e10723cde393ad4416e3b413d1d2
sorry i have to ignore everyone's requests for things    i still don't know what i'm doing   
blagh     i went to work two hours early just to use the internet 
gonna be working at the prunedale sbux tonight    i'll try not to get locked out this time!
i didn't get any pictures on halloween     and i looked fantastic!
"yes, i did infact go see new <propfemale>    just not at midnight like i planned    teamjacobwoo!"
i'm starting to feel sick    blah! not now!
i saw <propfemale> at coffee mia!
aw! i feel so loved!
my mind     i left it    somewhere on the road to <propmale> city    
down at mars hill coffee shop in down-town hollister! everyone should come out! hatie relief fund raising concert! come on down it'll be great fun!
i wanna go to vegas     who's comin' with me!
only two more days of <propmale> city!! woooooot!
"one more day, then i no longer have to wake at ungodly hours of the morning!"
"damn you, phill, you let me down! 6 more weeks of winter! - happy groundhog's day"
don't anyone send me some obnoxiously cute <propfirst>'s day crap or you will be stabbed!
hooray    all the depressing winter holidays are over  that means we can get ready for spring    and st  patrick's day!!!!
"wtf, mate? every time i try to add photos i get kicked of the internet     grrr    stupid facebook    you've never made sense to me   "
i have done it    three years of hair have left my head    it's quite freeing   
http annoyed  makingmemagazine com index php 2010 02 invisible 
everyone should go to mars hill in hollister and bask in the gloriousness that is my artwork!!!
happy spring to all!!!!
"9pm tonight, fire dancers down at asilomar beach in monterey! come see!"
"happy birthday <propfemale>! that was fun    we should do surprise parties more often    and tomorrow, happy birthday <propfemale>!"
fire dancing at asilomar again! 10pm til whenever!
i made <propmale>    and someone gave me monies for it!!! best $30 i've ever made!!!
the sun is out! farmer's market is packed! the beach is beautiful! and <propfemale> <propfirst> is calling     life ia so wonderful sometimes!
   and i'm slowly but surely figuring out itunes     stupid apple and their stupid icrap!
happy earth day! go hug a tree    they're less complicated than people   
"i'm house cat fish spider-sitting for <propfemale>    as we speak, the devil cat sits quietly beside me acting like he's not planning to rip my face off    and vatic's trying to snort my yogurt   "
i'm all dressed up in my beach wear waiting for this 80 degree weather that's been rumored     it's looking like the rumors was false     sad 
feel like wandering aimlessly   
"   i understand that the fantabulous <propfemale> flip will be playing at csumb, and that most of my friends will be there    but i'm going against the flow, up to <propfemale> <propfirst> to watch some fire dancing    sorry guys, but i've been planing on this for a while   "
"   and we will dance around, naked and free   "
"i think i've decided sleeping's overrated    i just want to do everything, all the time!"
summer is not far away    time to plot adventures   
"r i p  <propmale> fuego    it was short, but sweet    you were the best fish i ever had     sad "
i just bought burning man tickets     hell yea    
   only you can make every new day seem so new      smile 
    mixing bagpipes and punk rock was a great idea   
   i am really quite sad that facebook has deemed me unworthy of uploading any more photos    my face is just as fabulous as anyone else's   
"alright, makeing progress    uploaded two, count 'em, two photos     yea   "
is it just me or is facebook going stupid slow lately???
alright    the phot thing's starting to work out a bit    a bit   
"haha    i just realized i wrote \phot\"" instead of \""photo\""    doi   """
"omg! judgement day, <propfemale> sesssions, poor <propfemale>, and <propfirst> hennecut, all at east village in monterey, june 6th     blast from the past if ever there was one    i'll need to see if i can get that day off   "
"crap     i walked down to coffee mia, and now it's raining     wtf, when i left my house the sun was shining strong and beautiful!"
   siiiiiiigh      alright    here i go    i'm gonna walk home in the rain    i hope my backpack doesn't leak and my laptop doesn't die    that would be ultimate sadness   
"i just spent an hour and a half practicing poi    my arms hurt, my face hurts, my hands hurt, my leg hurts   ?    and i still can't do backwards-thread-the-needle     sad      my patient determination is wavering   "
my poi skills have returned    i figured out backwards-thread-the-needle     woot!
i love how hot it is outside!!!!!!!
aaaaaaaaaand it's gone              the sun that is          
feeling like i'm getting a bad cold     it's either that or i caught west nile from traipsing through the mosquitor-infested lagoons of <propfemale> <propfirst>     
today is my friday    got a couple of days to chill   
"missed the alarm clock today and screwed up everyone's scheduals    now i have to work tonight      playful   sorry <propfemale>, i'm a tard!"
hey everyone! send me your mailing addresses so that when i go on my trip i can send you post cards!!!!
happy father's day and happy birthday to my dad!
happy first day of summer!!!!
a little dissapointed that my solstice sarah'sbirthday celebration ended tattooless     i looked like a nerd with my socks and sndals for nothing     sad 
"getting sick again    and i'm working nine days straight      f my life right now, man     f     my     life      "
i have got the nastiest poison oak blisters all over my leg     and it appears to be spreading    mmmm     jucey    
today marks the begining of a three month long whirlwind of craziness     here goes nothing   
"blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly, all your life you were only waiting for this moment to arrive   "
"so last night, i spun fire in front of my cousins' house while their neighbors lit fire works    when i was done, this herd of little kids ran up to me with awe-stricken faces    one of them asked me where i was from    i proudly replied, \prunedale\""   """
hooray for day off    must clean house      and car     really gotta clean car   
hahahaa! having facebook in pirate is pretty funny    
"i don't think hell is a place of fire and brimstone    it's a place of eternal cold, ugly, drizzly fog    a state not unlike that of today    aug 1 is taking too long to get here   "
"so, the next three weekends <propfemale> and i shall be yard salin' it up outside the <propfemale> pet hospital  sat & sun, 8am-ish to noon-ish, this weekend, next weekend and the weekend after  come buy stuff! or give us stuff to sell! or just come <propfemale> out, make us look like the happenin' place   "
"oh yea, and happy birthday to my lil' sister, <propfemale>!"
"so, first day of yard sailin' was a fail    but we're still gonna try tomorrow! and this time we'll have ghetto posters!"
i here it's free slurpee day at 7 11 because it is 7 11     i'm about to abandon my yard sale post and go investigate this   
twenty more daaaaaaaaaays!!!!!
can it be? shunshine gushing through my window!
"blackberry <propfemale> tea, blueberry bagel, and my bum nestled in a familiar chair    rollick's how i've missed thee!"
eleven more daaaaaaaaaaays!
"finally saw the last airbender! m  night shyamalan, you didn't fail me    i approve    in fact, i think i can finally forgive you for the village   "
officially moved back in with the parents    it's kinda strange sleeping in my old room   
seven more daaaaaaaays!!!!        anyone who wants post cards send me your address if you haven't already!!!!
"all right, it's finally here! this time tomorrow i'll be on the train heading east  won't see the ocean for a whole month  i'll miss you guys! take care while i'm gone!!!"
made it to colorado! woot! it is so hot here! i love it!
"made it safely to oklahoma! it's even hotter over here! so long, colorado! good times!"
"whoo hoo! i lost my cell phone!!! but on the up-side, chicago's pretty rad!"
yea! i'm posting this from a phone    but not mine since i don't have mine !
"whoo! so, after a bus ride that was eight hours longer than it should have been, i finally made it to real <propfemale> indiana! i'm so happy to be on solid ground!"
"attention: so apparently postcards are only truely postcards if they are 6''x4''    anything over that does not count as a postcard, and therefore requires regular postage! this e playful lains why some of your postcards never reached you, because the postcard industry creates postcards that are bigger than 6''x4'' and does not warn the buyer that they require regular postage    bastards!"
"aside from red barns, cows, beer and cheese, wisconsin has a lot of mosquitos! horrid beasts! they must all die! but i'm still having fun  <propfirst> and <propfemale> got me hooked on glee  makes me miss drama!"
"   oh yea, go packers    "
"it's finally here! i'm off to the burn! time to get <propfirst>! if i don't make it back, i died content!   )'("
i have returned to the default world    i miss you already my fellow burners    epic week indeed    the food here isn't <propfirst> enough   
"oh yea, one more thing: i lost my phone (for the twenty-millionth time now!!!) so everyone message me your <propfirst> so that i can get a hold of you!!!"
i am restless     i'm thinking of hopping a plane to ireland    
"that dubstep party sounds like more fun, but how far is mountain view?"
time to start planning for halloween!!! i'm so excited!
i think i'm gonna try to make onion rings      yea     sounds good   
"everyone needs to stop iming me! every time a little im pops up i get kicked off the internets! i don't know why, it's annoying, but yea, just send me a personal message  it'll notify me instantly anyway "
i spend rediculous amounts of time on facebook these days      and it's because everyday there's at least one new post that's burning man related     and it makes me happy       but i don't know if that's a healthy way to handle my separation anxiety   
"the mornings are getting colder, and the days are getting shorter    happy fall everyone   "
"eating <propmale> n cheese and drinking wine    classy      sisters, last night was epic! we must do it again sometime! and this time i won't pass out early i promise! now, lets see some pictures!"
"house pet-sitting for <propfemale> again    and i think one of the snakes got loose      i'm ok with snakes, i just don't want it to eat vatic   "
"i'm in one of those awekward transition periods, where i can't really do anything until something else happens, and it's all just taking too damn long        it isn't even october yet!!!"
mmmmmm     pumpkin scones    
finally     october is here    jeeze    took long enough   
<propfemale> <propfirst> decomp = fail  sad    burners in default world just isn't the same   
i just have too many things i should be doing      and i don't really want to do any of them         so i'm on facebook instead!
"there is a whole week in october that i, for some reason, was not e playful ecting to exist    it's kinda throwing me off   "
hail <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!! i woke up around 10am today feeling like i may still be drunk    good job guys!
"happy 10 10 10! and to everyone in sf for the decomp, i wish i was there  sad "
"freaked the f out this morning cuz i forgot i had jury duty                   it's not 'til next week           which means, i could have hauled ass up to sf last night and could still be partying with the burners today     but alas!"
got days off     what do i do!?!?!
it's already tuesday! what happened to monday?
i got prank called by darth vader last night    
it's that time of year     i don't want to do anything    i don't even want to eat    just curl up by a fire and soak in the warmth   
"yea! after several months of bummin' at my parents' house, i finally get to move into my new place tomorrow!         right after jury duty!"
good morning facebook!!! off to do my model-citizenly duties    hooray   
oh my god    i have never been so bored in all my life    i can't believe we decide people's fates like that     we really should just take 'em out back and shoot 'em     it would be a lot quicker and a ton more painless!!!!
i am so stoked on my new place    a baby pit bull came running up to welcome me into the neighborhood the minute i got there    it's gonna be great!
"i sitll have boxes i don't want to go through     i should just leave them at the goodwill    i've lived for three whole months without whatever's in them, i probably don't need 'em   "
this time of year always seems to be filled with tension and drama    i suppose that's why we wear silly costumes and feast endlessly on <propfemale>   
anyone got rugs and carpets they dont want??? my floor is very cold   
halloween 2010: i'm never drinking whiskey again!
i'm listening to kansas on a record player    i feel like i should have been doing this a long time ago   
"i biked from down town prunedale, down castroville blvd, to my parents' house in elkhorn, in the dark! i've been driving down that road for 23 years, and that night i e playful erienced it in a way i never had before! most epic indeed!"
"guess what, <propfemale>! we're going to chicago!!!!!"
"so yea, my phone is once again out of commission    for the next couple of days, if you need to reach me just facebook me and i will hopefully get back to you    *beeeeep*"
"12 hours of starbucks and the christmas set-up today    came home and there's no electricity in my room and we're not sure why    no car, no phone, no electricity    at least i have the internets!"
my poor frozen feet mourn the loss of long warm sandal-wearing days   
     time to hibernate   
got a new phone! i am reachable now!
here lies danger    and the wolf!
"i'm thankful for all the souless, superficial, material crap that i don't have   "
"clearly, i'm journeying to <propfemale> <propfirst> tomorrow   "
"stayed home all day today    makes me feel like i haven't done anything, though i think it's necessary to do that once in a while   "
http annoyed  www gocomics com calvinandhobbes 1992 10 14 
true grit = woot!
i sit with my cat and watch the fish tank   
desperately need to get off the couch and do something constructive   
aaaaaaand i'm back    
so happy that tomorrow is friday!!!
"i'm totally gonna watch land before time right now    the original, not one of the 200 rediculous sequels   "
had a sudden inspiration to paint     must   paint!!!
anarchy burger! hold the government!
"omg, christmas is next week     which means chicago's in two weeks!"
ohmygod     i love the sound of rain     
"omg! it's only been two hours and everybody's sent me a message! you guys rock!\\either that or you don't have lives    haha! love you alll!"
thanks you guys! you're all wonderful!!!
"biked home in the rain and mud, precariously balancing a gift bag full of wine, incense and orchids    this weekend has left me exhausted, filthy, and extremely satisfied  thanks to all of you, and happy birthday to the other sag's that i randomly met this weekend     \\now for another beer!"
"the zenith of the lunar eclipes is now! for all of you not living in fog, go outside and enjoy! and happy first day of winter!!!"
well the longest night of the year is over so it's only getting sunnier  smile 
"wow, i think i'm having an epiphany     it's taking a while    "
it's raining brand new <propmale> supplies! *blessed*
threeeee mooooore daaaaaays!!!
the coyotes are out tonight     i can hear them   
"well, the time has come! so long everyone! i'm off to chicago! have a fantastic new years! no drunk driving    unless you're on the east side    cuz there's no cops on the east side    haha! \see you all in 2011!!!!"
"thanx chicago, for ruining my life!!!\ wink "
uhg     back to work and stuff     240 more days      it's taking too long   
kareoke night with the grls    good to be home  smile 
"lost a third pair of gloves and now my hands have no feeling in tem    and for some reason my \h\"" button doesn't want to work   """
my weekend begins now    
"as of today, i have officially gone one week without coffee!"
wearing my jesus shoes for the first time in many months    feels good   
i keep having dreams about burning man   
i don't really remember last night    i do know there was some cock gobblin nonsense   
omgburningmanticketsgoonsaletomorrow!!!!
"i lugged my laptop all the way to work today so that on my lunch i could buy my burning man ticket, only to find out that even in cyber space there are ticket lines     24,600 people in front of me     *sigh*"
whoooo! finally!!!
"wanted to go to <propfemale> <propfirst> today, but once again cannot find my phone !!! i think it's time to clean my room   "
totally just watched beauty and the beast    epically nostalgic   
still can't find my phone   
"loosing my voice    oh facebook, you're my only source of communication with the world   "
i'm sick    i'll be home on facebook all day if anyone needs me   
anyone know how to fix a flat bike tire?
omg! hot almond chocolate milk is amazing! if only i had some marshmellows   
"hey bishop, i made my own penis-showing game   "
i have a phone again! everyone send me your <propfirst>     again!
the aliens want indonesia's rice!
"starting next week, i am gonna have so much time on my hands i won't know what to do with myself    parties, shows, shinanagins, anybody? and i will actually be able to go this time!"
"i've decided that i have bronchitis    i've been coughing for over a week now, and it hasn't gotten much better    "
it's only tuesday     this week is taking far too long   
"so i finally aquired a phone, and now i can't find the charger     i think i need to resort to good old fashion snail mail   "
