6510c6d8b737992a644c7aa86a68cef7
is thinking and curions   and it's all his fault!!!
hahaha   you're funny   not!!!
is feeling better about things now   but still stressed 'cuz now i need to find a job asap!!!
is in undeniable thought
hmm   
is sitting here wondering   
is sitting here wanting memories to teach me to see the beauty in the world through my own eyes   
"is totally rethinking the whole moving situation  it's so gonna be hard for bailee to adjust to,me as well   "
"what happens when an event that should be good, becomes the beacon of a terrible feeling? it's the begining of regret and animousity   "
laie point   way way way out there   
laie?! i'll see ya on sunday   i guess   
thinks that her b f (though he may be one of the biggest f@%king idiots in the world) is in need of a definete ass kicking   any thoughts?
curiousity killed the cat   but i still have 6 lives left   
still wants to party   
it's been 32 hrs and i miss him alot   i wonder if he misses me too?!
this storm better hit and only last for 3-4 days or else i'mma be pissed   
can't wait til thursday!!!
goddammit!!! can't go home tonight now can i?!?! hopefully tomorrow i guess   fuck   
"has noticed that she is gaining weight in certain areas, is now self conscious, and beyond confused as to what to think or do   "
just wonders about alot    
help! i need advice!
is dazed and confused   about the week that is ahead   
"how can i feel so happy, when i'm attending something so sad "
found an all new addiction   
is reminesing about the past and the way things used to be   
over her sleeping child and is too wired to sleep  damnit!
needs to find a job asap so that we can get back on our feet   
is bored outta my mind   
happy new year guys!!!
and he says i shud e happy he let me slepe   lol  right!!!
blah   
wants to go out sooo bad!!!
"my god, u drive me crazy! lol!"
"happy easter everyone!!! even though it's raining and stuff, i guess indoor easter egg hunting is always just as fun   "
just 8 more days and my baby'll be known as the big girl!!! lol     sad 
is waiting for her guy to come home   
just 5 more days!!!
omg   only 3 more days and im still trying to find more things to buy my bailee   
has never been <propfemale> depressed in my life   
2 more days!
tomorrow's the big day!!!
"for now she's still 1 yr  in my eyes, but as soon as it hits 9:50pm, i will be forced to come to terms with the fact that she my big girl  sad "
wants to buy a fishie for my toddler   
just noticed that 420 is in two days! dammit <propmale>! of all days u work late that day!  crying 
goodnight and hope u had a great day all u <propmale> burners!!!
my life is erking  i feel lik im missing out on everything!
"hmm    nxt weeks plans: possible eye dr, dental and general dr appt for da baby  shopping for and wedding attendance on saturday  <propfemale> stressn bout saturday wear since the color is pink  8p"
i feel sick!!!
hope all goes well with this new job and career move! really need it to work out for me!
idk if this is gonna work out  maybe we should reexamine the situation 
debating whether or not i should go to ala moana or stay home   
yay! he's coming home today 
"really wanted to take bai to thw aquarium, but i guess we should help fix the house instead "
"i wish today started better, now my whole day is gonna be shit \\p s  happy freaken anniversary! ugh   "
hmm   
3 months and 15 days    i cannot wait anymore!!!
heh  tomorrow an adventure  today was a journey 
yesterday was a journey  today is the present  tomorrow is an adventure 
"watching other babies is cool, but yet so <propfemale>  i wanna have another orgy <propfemale> baby! 2 would be better!  smile "
"watching 4 month old babies is cool, but yet so <propfemale>  it's totally making me want another itty itty baby again 2 would be way better though  ¦)"
wtf?! when the hell did it become okay for you to throw your cry baby tantrum at me all the freaking time?! heh  i effin think so   
today was awesome!!! lanikai best was great fun!!!
i am fricken beyond bored right now!
i want to cruise with my high sku friends <propfemale> bad!!!
summer's in! time to swim! we go beach!
i have alot of things to look forward too  school  getting a job  hopefully things'll get better for me 
"tomorrow's gonna be hard, but this week is <propfemale> "
happy father's day guys!!!
is missing her babies!!!  crying 
today was the most shittiest day of my life    missing dem real bad    now more then ever   
is happy that i get to see bai today n tomorrow   smile 
"is trippin', freaked, other stuff as well as extremely happy and sad to see and continuously kiss my babies hello and goodbye   "
"for once, everything in my life feels like nothing but bullshit, but i can't do anythong about it "
today was good  i'm happy that i had fun 
is okay   
new goals and outlooks on life  hopefully i can keep up 
"going back to the corner, where i first saw you, gonna camp in my sleeping bag, i'm not gonna move   "
is missing her family on molokai  haven't seem them for a long time 
waiting for the bus sucks sometimes  i'm so tired  i <propfemale> go home!
i never knew i could possibly look <propfemale> tired before  i have lik bags under my eyes!!! yikes   
such a nice day to not be able to go to the beach   
wednesday    glad to see that half the week practically flew out the window     sad  booo!!!
"i wish my hair was longer  i wish i had my license  i wish    i guess it's time to make my wishes come true right?! but what if the walls are too thick, and the bricks won't break?!"
is <propfemale> bored!!! gosh!!! last week was more entertaining than this   
sometimes i wonder why   then i remember   
my baby is sick and sleeping  i hope everything gets better tomorrow   sad 
=|
its a beautiful day!
is tripping out on how a life can be taken fast and with no warning at all 
orientation next thursday and i am looking forward to it!!!
m&m pretzel is kickass!!!
is <propfemale> not looking forward to thursday!!!
i need another job!!!
today wasn't bad  work went well still gotta find another job however 
work's not bad  started pretty great  closing today n feeling like walkin home  hope no one thinks i'm crazy for wanting to  haha!
what a trip!!!
dude! i guess i gotta find somewhere else to go now! goddammit! and i was really hoping     sad 
"awesome   yet, not so much   "
saw <propfemale> girl at <propfemale> city obon 
really doesn't know what to say right now 
get one meeaann headache 
err   
wishes it was christmas time already so i can buy give bai her present already!!!
is hoping that something will come up saturday night so i won't have to stay home alone   
hates working   needs a new job    fulltime preferably   
had tons of fun today!!!
was having such a great day and then   got some terrible news   
straight trippin   
boring day at work   wasn't that bad however   
two weeks!!!
exactly two more weeks to go  totally depressed about this weekend and hoping that it goes well  new job on it's way to beginning and hoping that all of this is well worth it 
is ready is ready for tomorrow! hope it's not too hectic! lol   
hate being broke  did well the first week  not so well this week  ugh! guess my bday will have to wait a while 
"is hoping that what she's getting now, she can give back in full     smile  trust me  it's not bad   "
"busy, busy, busy!!!"
ahh! the stresses of life and all that accompanies it   
3 days    it's gonna suck   
2 days   
happy burffday to me!!! lol  smile 
spankz for the bday wishes  preciate it  lol 
"boredom, brokedom and sicky poo   "
is sad that her baby is so sick 
"hand, mouth and foot disease  don't mess with it!"
misses those nights we shared in laie no more than a year ago   
wants to go out   and not out of the house    out
wants to go out   and not out of the house   out with my friends!!!
"hmm  think, think, thunk  now what do i do   "
"has been up since 4: something and is bored as heck, as well as curious what today will bring   "
"is so effn tired!!! feeling a need to be   and yet, not to be   hehe    don't get?! i get it   "
remember those times when sweetness still existed without any costs? where did they go? i miss them 
"long ago, and oh so far away, i fell in love with you,before the second show, your guitar, it sounds so sweet and clear, but you're not really there, it's just the radio   stuck in my head   superstar by sonic youth     smile "
is e playful eriencing double standards at the moment  try contacting at a later date  thank you 
is in an 'ugh' mood at the moment  can you make me smile?
"had a weird weekend  friday is a mystery  saturday sucked  sunday was okay, but seriously could've been better    'tever   "
blah   i wonder how tomorrow is going to go   good i hope!!!
wants to crash out like <propfemale> bad   
laters pplzzz!!!
"dear apple of my eye,\\\i'll love you for always",\6510c6d8b737992a644c7aa86a68cef7,is wondering and hoping tomorrow is going to go okay 
omg  my life sucks ass dude!!!
loves watching jerseylicious and how stupid <propfemale> is   hahahahaha   
is contemplating how work will be going tonight   
"\happy birthday babes!!!\"""""
had a not too bad weekend   
"although it has been a while, and s#@! may hit the fan, it's nice to know that somethings haven't changed much   smile "
wants to <propfirst> on such a nice night like tonight   
has one of the worst headaches ever!!!
is really tired auredi 
the story of halloween on the history channel was pretty mean   
"loves the rain, but hates that it keeps you in    =["
wants to cut her hair today and is going to do so  hope my idea cut doesn't turn out looking so weird     joyful 
can't cut my hair til monday  damnit!!!
"wants a midori sour and a long island iced tea just cuz they taste sooo good!!! \\p s  i hate my stupid hair!!!"
happy birthday!!!!
i have a feeling that today is going to be a long one     sad 
wonders what tomorrow will bring     smile 
\i'll watch the night turn light blue,\6510c6d8b737992a644c7aa86a68cef7,"had alot of much needed fun today, and now i must be off to sleep, for i must wake early for work in the am  lol!"
works in 6-7 hours and still can't sleep  dammit!!!
had fun last night  but it sucks that i lost my wallet and all of my stuffs   
wants to eat <propfemale> hing <propfemale> powder!!!
happy thanksgiving yo!!!
wishes she had more time before christmas   
5 hours til work and i can't stand it  i'm home alone  help me!!!
is now irritated as f***  ugh!
wants it to be christmas already  i have so much to look forward too 
"and so, i am left to question   "
"yesterday's events: work, two movies, cruising the mall, dinner  long, but fun nonetheless  today: wash clothes and work  i wonder what will happen tonight?!"
"she makes me smile  she knows how to make me happy  she's the reason why my world turns, but tonight, not even she can make mommy smile and continue  idk "
finally has something great to look forward to  monday!  laugh 
please change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood   thegoal is to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th ofdecember  so please join the fight against child abuse and do the same!!!!
what do i do?! i lost my phone! in my house! wth?!
"it's just not my month!!! first, i had an id theft scare and now my phone is lost and or broken!!! wtf?!?!?!"
"phew! found my phone  where was it? in bailee's stocking!!!\\this morning's convo annoyed me: bailee, did you see mommy's phone?!\bailee: yes\me: do you know where it is?\bailee: yeah \me: can you help me find it?\bailee: no \\wtf?!?!"
"'s morning really sucked  started work at 7am  baby made me feel bad because i had to go to work and she didn't want me to go, or stop crying for that matter  ugh!!! i'm sad   "
off today   yay!!!
" love  the movie \tangled\""!!!"""
thermo stat is at 69 degrees! omg!
who's opening with me tomorrow?!?!
today was   not bad  wonder how tomorrow will be   
today was ok  baby has to go doctor in the morning  wonder how it'll go    wonder what he'll say   
wants to know who <propmale> <propfemale> is   
"even though the weather looks like shit, i'm still gonna go out and have some fun "
hates the thought process and all that accompanies it 
wants to do her nails but is more then willing to wait til tomorrow   
i mean next week 
"the past 3 years went by so fast  this year wasn't exactly the best, hopefully next year will be way way way better "
"is hanging out at home with 2 hyper babies, 3 crazy kids and 1 boring teenager  lol!"
is irritated!!!
"wonders why i always get the junky stuff while others get the great stuff  sometimes i wish i could trade my life with another, just not the people in it "
wonders what next year is gonna be like 
"is unbelievably aggravated!!! it may sound childish, but this is completely unfair   "
"is unbelievably aggravated!!! f*$%!!!\\   oh and btw, i need another job and to go back to school  how am i going to be able to do this and still have time for my daughter?!"
"   take a look out ur window and take a lookk at howthe green grass grows, i can feel it on the inside, and i give thanks and praises to be alive  "
had much fun hamging with my family today 
good morning fb!!!
"as u can probly already tell, i had a very good morning "
i wanna eat ice cream  oodles and oodles of ice cream!!!  smile 
happy v-day people!!!
beach was awesome last night  never been so warm at the beach at night in a really long time     smile 
somethings wrong with my tablet!!! dammit!!!
somethings wrong with my tablet!!! dammit!!!
was completely disappointed with how today turned out   but what can i do about it now that it's already been done   
can't sleep and i work soon  wtf?!
likes ice cream floats!!!
needs to establish herself
"sometimes i wonder if i fly away, once i'm gone, if i'd ever come back  right now  i think i'd stay away for a while, just so i could miss it "
the feelings of my past have finally caught up to me  nrow i feel the weight of my burdens and i wish i could just fall 
is pleased to welcome little man massimiliano to the family  smile 
i cannot believe that it's only one day til my beautiful babygirl turns a whole year older! i'm so excited!
happy birthday bailee <propfemale>!!! we gonna have a great baby!!! have  <propfemale> much planned for you and everything   smile  i'm so excited! love you baby!!!
really needs to get my shit straight  career and everything  strive for better  way better 
fmfl   
"loves my friends and enjoys my job, but something's gotta give   "
my stomach is sooo sore  omg!!!
c<propfemale> <propfemale>! we gots power  think i'll turn the lights back off so i can pretend again   
"omg  i'm so irritated  first of all, if ya gon work at a dental office, make sure ya no ya dates  secondly, if her insurance <propmale> cover it den please <propmale> call me 3-5 times telln me the same thing continuously  thank you   \\p s  happy birthday pepe!!! i wuv you!!!"
can't wait to sign my baby up for summer swimming classes  smile 
has no idea of what i'm doing 
"fact or fiction, fact or fiction: reality? is it a mind state or a state of mind? a belief or overall truth and if so how is it possible that anyone can know? are we living or just existing in a preprogramed universe? if so, who can you trust? can you even trust yourself?"
today was a good day   
"has some thinking to do  i wanna help, but getting upset won't help much now will it "
is off today and happy about it!!! shoulda went out or did something last night   
"wtf is a \pineapple nigger\""?"""
baby's sicky!!!
sometimes waiting for him to come home from work sucks balls big time    lmfao  laugh 
my baby has a bacterial infection     sad 
my daughter is sicky  gotta work tomorrow  called off yesterday  hopefully all goes well and she feels significantly better soon 
needs to get another job   and bad   
omg!!!
if i cud be sick instead of u bai i swear i wud  hurry up dr n make my baby feel better pls 
"dear kawasaki's disease,\\how dare you claim my daughter's health! be gone! you are not wanted here!\\bailee's mommy"
omg  don't think we gonna be going home today  baby got sick again 
"tomorrow's the day, doctor says "
is home!  smile 
"is watching surrogates with the \dude\"" while my \""angel\"" sleeps   smile """
"omg! i kinda hope i get it and yet, i kinda hope i don't    what to do?!"
hmm   what to say?!?
flash flood warning til 9 smile 0pm  sounds fun   
"gosh, you're complicated   "
wants to go back to school  
crossing my fingers that it all works out   
saturday?! shootz!!!
is worried about alot of things right now 
"is disgusted  why is it that everytime i try to gain 1, i lose 3?"
is kind of depressed  stupid music  bringing me down down down   
is shufflin'  hahaha!
ughh   
you make me wanna say la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la 
"zephy kalua gave me the letter, \p\""  hahahaha!\",6510c6d8b737992a644c7aa86a68cef7,"everyday i see my dream, ev' everyday i see my dream   "
soafb! omg! totally not!!!
is weighing the pros and cons of the guard   
happy father's day to all you daddy's out there!!!
"blah!!! i love the fact that i have 2 jobs, but i'm getting pretty disappointed that i can't spent to much time w my \little one\""   sad """
overnighter tomorrow night! looking forward to it!
not bad the overnighter  i'm so tired tho 
"the highlight of my night annoyed aunty: who you talking to?\baby: my boy\aunty: you have a boy?\baby: yes  he love me \aunty: oh yeah?!\baby: my mommy going kick his butt!\\lmfao!!!"
what to do?!?!?!
is trying to figure out how to enroll my bay in preschool and which school to choose   
"ok so night #1 without paci wasn't so great  day #2 was a little easier, but i'm wondering how tonight will go? good i hope  geesh, gettng her off the bottle wasn't this hard "
so much stress sometimes   
shoot! <propfirst> <propfirst> in the house!!!
argh   
no work today! but i work tomorrow     sad 
"it's official  signal at 12:20 it even passed on tv  facebook will start charging this summer if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you  please pass this message if not your acount will be deleted  p s, this is serious the icone turns blue, so please put this as your status"
wtf?! why do i keep waking up at 6 smile 0am?!?!?!
has nothing but disney tunes stuck in my head!!!
"had a blast last night, but today was junk   "
haha! phone is busted!
off tomorrow wats good tonight?
phone is up and working now    still missing <propfirst> tho so get at me peeps!!!
i can feel it   the anxiety is just creeping up on me   
thought tomorrow was gonna be fun    not to sure now   
&hearts;
&hearts; you grams   
all of this stress is just f#%*ing killing me    ugh!!!
school starts so early now  wow  what happened to going back to school in the middle or ending of august like i remember?!
hate being so damn tired all the time  my sleeping schedules been thrown off big time for the past ask man  this sucks 
is finally watching <propfemale> ka'iulani 
don't wanna go work  i wanna stay home and sleep  ugh    gotta do what ya gotta do tho right?!
"worked til 2am this morning  slept @ 330am  woke up @ 930  and just about ready to do it all over again, but @ a different location  c<propfemale> <propfemale>!!!"
last night turned out to be a good night  wink 
don't wanna go shopping!!!
cools    we is going out tonight!!!
the change-up was a pretty good movie  not bad at all!!!
had fun     wink 
is missing the bailee     crying 
is eating herself a big box meal!!!  smile 
   i think next time i'm gonna take off instead of keep working   
jersey shore!!!
hooters for dinner!!!!! ahh yeah
c<propfemale> <propfemale>!!! 60 day review = pass!!!
"first work, followed by a <propfirst> sesh with the fam, leading up to the most \blah\"" day ever that hopefully can only get better    lost of e playful ectations    not all good   """
just doesn't know what to do  she's been on about this for a while already and it just isn't getting better  how do i make her listen? how do i make her undertsand? i'm just hoping that she'll get better when she starts school or when we go back to being how it was before   sad 
is loving him  smile    cuz he makes me wanna float away   and in his &hearts; is where i'll always stay  smile 
just got home from ridge n already stressn out    aiyah!!!
gotta walk to work in this rain?! fml!!! lol   
double deuces!!!
"had a blast last night! thanks for coming out guys!  smile \\p s  thanks for the birthday wishes peoples!"
is bored!!!
"grrr  what's the point of having a phone when you can hardly hear out of the ear piece \\fyi: don't let your kid play with your phone at any age "
brah! today : can you say beeeeaaaaaaaccchhh!!! [??-_tb]
is feeling super f#@&ing shitty now and idk wat to do about it 
"mid shift today, then tomorrow and saturday off    sounds like a plan!!!"
hope today turns out to be good  i really need to make up for working so much the past week 
had alot of fun today  started off kinds sketchy   but it ended on a very good note  smile 
villas!!!
"is not having a good day  yesterday was pretty awesome, but today, my baby is showing signs of sun stroke and now she has nausea  aww man!!!"
and back to work again!!!
i don't wanna go to work today   i'm tired     sad 
"it's almost 3am and i feel like such a little kid watching the anime shows that i used to watch as a kid cause they're all playing on adultswim right now   \\ps  ghost in a shell, full metal alchemist, inuyasha    awesome line-up!!!"
today = happy!
can's hardly wait  this weekend is promising to be pretty boss!!!
"day off! kinda didn't want it to make the remainder of the week easier, but   heh it's cool!!!"
my phone works now!!!
this morning    she finally went toilet    but she still wants to wear diaper    ughhh!!!
ugh!!! food poisoning sucks!!!
breaking <propfemale> pt  1 with my babes because he is awesome   
"is having a really hard time getting in touch with her family  it kinda pissed me off that out of all the people i could get in touch with, the three people i can't get in touch with are supposed to always be there when i need them  what kind of parents are you?! gosh!!!"
