bf47be59ce42c3a1e973e572b3808fd2
well thats a day!
i am alive and kicking!
antiquing   ohh fun 
has championed in drunken-roman wrasteling! whhew! no one is here now! time to be lonesome!
is wondering to  where has't miss bond gone?
"is grumpy, in and too himself "
is in controvercy with things that exist 
"is relaxing in southern-humboldt, cuddling with his computer "
dances with chocolate   
is in a flutter of positivity  but the internet is not so very exciting right about now 
"a million and fifty possible endeavers, and i want to do five "
needs more missions to do 
is wondering how to obliviate the strings that form a prison 
tommorow night: free dance preformance at the cr forum theater  come if you dare to see me dance!
"eave of dance tonight! come one, come all   its free at the cr forum theater, room 103, its big and its under the second story "
had an awesome eave of dance tonight  fun as anything 
how well things can be*
wants only to cuddle in the present; sleepy evening 
goes about this day with a borderline headeach 
i think; therefore i am not certain 
is feeling secure and knows that there is room for some fun 
"torn like a bra at mardi gras   i am accused, by myself: of being guilty  i'm guilty of (right now, as i sit) 1,001 misuses of myself and 1,002 counts 'neglect of instinct '  it most usually gets harder before it gets easier, but it always gets easier "
sentence served! i'm a free man!
has just baked his second batch of un-supervised cookies  mmmmhmmm
i now realize that this is not the place to pack my briefcase   and now to turn around and leave the computer room 
"just watched \one fley over the cuckoo's nest\"" (starring <propfirst> nicholson in a madhouse) and loved it """
thinks its time to light some candles and dance in my room 
"why i wish i was a windos 98: if my brain ran on windos 98, then life would be plesant, i could only occupy my mind on a few things  too much and it would freeze up  how nice it would be if thoughts could freaze up like that in my squiggly blubber-organ which rests between my forehead and the back of my neck "
"wishes to go back to, and live in the world of slagsmalsklubben, sw "
must now dress for tea 
i am looking at scholarships and smiling profusely 
feeling flight and fancy free ????????
is anyone doing anything to which shaka is invited?  ps  non-video game and non food related 
selling parachutes door to door a though you might never need one 
"mad hatters for tea, if not, chockolates "
"its time to go out for some more wind and rain,"
doing so good that i must get off the internet at once to perserve it!
"heeemmmmm, its just another daaay  another, musicless day in the life of a schoolboy "
singing and yelling is fun!
i has substanance 
wants help to get him cleaning    volenteers???
is realizing who he can be  and loving it 
"tired, tired, very tired  no more force at the moment "
"everything is falling into place, i feel empowered!"
"oh glorious days, why must there be an end to the weekend?"
concludes another day 
needs a team 
"goodnight world, i look foreward to when we meet again "
"painting nails and listening to 80s and swing, i realize i'm still damn young and i'm not rushed "
is feeling a little walled-up and pressured
what a delightful night 
"time to settle back with books, candles and some music "
"and when calls fail, a mysterious stranger calls ten minutes later to silently wake you up  thanks for once to spam-calls!"
i wonder very much about thermodynamics  how is it tempature moves when compared to partacles of gas or solids  when is it tranferred and how from partacle to partacle 
"earned 40$, 2 sandwiches, 2 bannanas and a chunk of munster cheese today   supurb! now time to celebrate that its saturday!"
"is at cr with a 50 pound suitcase, laptop and some emails to make "
"listening to music and being instilled with power from sunlight, going through all of my old and forgotten possesions never has been so fun "
"sick as a dog, and with no more tissues! now to run off to school "
"is wrestling with himself, emotions vs brain"
"thanks all of you for the concern, really, but i've been thinking on my own for years now and am more than capable of thinking things through   some of you have ways of consolation that don't involve theorys or fact, i thank them twice the number because i'm overloaded on facts and would prefer a hug anyday   keep it dancing, i'll join the floor when i'm really feeling it "
m'haw! its time to take a saw to my bed! improovements must be made so i can straighten out therein  and to make pasta 
all is lovely 
blankets and cocoa are not warming me up as they are supposed to 
ya just can't beat the bee-gees 
holy hell! did you actually get an emu <propmale>?!
"well, this i guess is why people drink coffee   i feel like i just got out of a drama class and all i did was make food and pack my suitcase "
i've lived some life tonight  and it was good  the night ends and it is time for sleep  the sleep will be good too 
"home, arone, and tired all over "
"oh loyal, odeus tracphone, tell me more "
give griz breakfest in the morning 
oy! this is not the time i bargained to  wake up at!
ohw the pains
is powering up for the day!
alarm clocks be damned!
"ahh the weekend again, feel free to give me a ring  i'm not doing anything planned so far except being shaka "
"no, no, no wait! i'm not sorry! i'm shaka! whatever i do and however i do it wrong!"
"i flipped a peice of paper with a picture on it to decide yay or nay  it landed sidewayse, the peice of paper "
all i have to do is build it!! thats all i have to do!!! (if you actually heard me speak the words it might have a 'mono-terrific' sounding )
"time to tighten up again and go to school  i'm glad for the movement, but geeze, could my time not be used for something that felt more productive? ahh well, eventiually "
"come over and ejoy some confections of delicoscity with shaka, if you have the balls to brave his throaty cold "
could use some comany to cap off the day 
recovery is sweet  but will anyone believe me when i say how much that hurt? ~ i don't know  but i've got stuff to do and have no time to e playful lain or indulge them 
wonders where he might be able to pick up a 'liscence for love'
has managed by unprecidented self controll not to break anything 
social antisocial ahhgh!
"ohh to sing and dance and screem about things! ,,, is so perfectly fine until i cough, and cough, and spit  then i sit back down and see you on facebook "
heading to old town  what?
living in the moment is taking out the trash in the middle of making breakfast 
"more crippling then doubts in myself, i think; is my doubt and insecurity about other persons "
don't want to be awake   
"begin     friday    tiiime  my friday begins at 6;09  i'll take a shower, then i will make this sentence rhyme "
"is listening to madness again, cars again and thinks he might just be back in ful colors "
systems powering up 
created another new delicasy; sweet-wrap mushroom eggs  may i continue to do this 
actual ants in my actual pants   needless to say i've changed pants and am thinking longingly for laundry day 
"requests help in the kitchen, panty and living room "
does anyone know how to get in touch with <propmale>? i think i found his jacket!
"taking today off for rest, this is nice   "
is doing yard work tommorow   so i have said; so shall i do!!!
"wooo! almost completed a long poem, much better progress then last night "
"ah-bew, a-heu "
lounging about in the castle in dead quiet in the company of his dear uncle; grizzlebe <propmale> fhupps 
"hasn't even a remnent of a fear of the dark!!!  i just noticed, and its nice "
"writing poetries, but not for just anyone! sleeping was futile anyways "
"oh, hard rain \this changes plans \i just can't help but imagine it has more symbolism to other eurekians "
"if i can cease feeling the burning, i will have \been getting better at controlling my brain "
need snack
now out to clean apartments!
"is getting pretty damn good and patient, but is also getting time-sick again "
it should be raining 
time to go out to the ranch!
"to dance 20 feet up in a tree, to dance back down the street, i must be feeling free! sweet tradgody is the only thing i feel for thee "
aquired much needed life and philosophic e playful eriance and knowledge this weekend  i must thank the universe for providing encounters and giving out e playful eriance 
"for christmas     hmmm, a window  to the outside! in more than ways than the literal one1"
cad fradget chest pains!
"i am going to go to sleep possibly  possibly i will go to sleep   if i have not this sleep i do not require i will not see the sun so early as i should  i should have this sleep, but i do not see the sun yet and therefore have not a reason to know why this sleep is elluding me    perhaps i just need a good nights rest in order to understand why sleep is elude me "
rar ar! ar! ar! arrr!
"if there's one thing i want for summer solstice     its a kickass microphone, not just any one neither, studio quality is whats required    why must i feel like laughing maddly at five in the mourning?! bahzing, maybe i will watch a movie "
"dose not feel like going out, again "
< <   > >
eating good nourishment for just another day! oh boy am i hanging in there!
"needs to want something new, but wants to need the same damn thing i've never been able to be content without "
"ohhh, i'm feeling nostalgically 'raheem' today: i still go by shaka though, it has more ring   it might just be the coffee, i need someone's head to talk off!"
spooning chocolate pudding and eating chicken tacos and listening to more novels about distent other worlds  oh <propfemale> 
and now is time to build sleeping quarters   i is home 
could go for a drinking companion  any takers?
loading up on power-music 
i've got the head and i've got the heart and i've got the time   who'd ever know you don't need so much to be happy 
"*i freaking love this story* \the wheel of time* ask for a link if ya want  but i've got a story to get back to  its a good night "
"is now permitted to drive under the approprate surcumstances  oh how time goes on, i will follow it at least "
"la da da, la da <propfirst>, la da dum dum, la da da daa la da <propfirst> la da dum dum"
"unspeakably gleeful, i slept on my shoulder \wrong and woke up at 3, but hey hey hey  i made fantastic food  aside from that i've got no good reason and allot of chores to catch up on,  but why not listen to the frogs and lay in bed all day??!!"
nearly given a concussion from falling frozen chicken from the freezer!!! thats a good way to end the night 
dealing with pain
wants to invent a machine to measure the qualities of indevidual neurons and connect the study with memory  to analyze what form information takes in a neuron 
"bring it on and remember, forever "
ay computer watcho waitin for play some friggen music!
"learning about the planet and being astonished of its beauty, laughing at its playfulness and respecting the factors at work to make it what it is   planet earth is a good documentary "
looking at birds of paradise and river deltas has given me enough wonder to lift a baloon into air  i even appreciate the spelling of the english language   now thats a first!
listening to some ancient <propmale> elfman stuff 
woah woaha woooaah  time is blurring by and for once i don't mind 
"feel's like if someone dosn't understand me know, then they never will "
"night fever  emotion  we know how to do it, here i am, waiting for this moment to last "
men without hats  awe yeah 
"wow nobody's on at this time of night   i should go and make friends with people in different time zones for these moments, ahh, someday "
"okay, i'm taking a pole, gimme suggestions for an instrument i should learn to play, i need something convienant on storage  some are already higher up there in my head, but i'm still considering suggestions    mixers and didgital music making systems included "
down with the capitalistic science of behavioral studies!!!!!
"i have a heart, a brain and what constitutes a soul  i am indeed a very special simeon bio-machine   i'm pretty stoked "
"can't hardly read with eyes this dilated  its a good thing i type without looking at the keyboard  seriously, this all looks like gibberish \\but colors are sooo pretty   "
needs a <propmale> to watch movies with and have an excuse to go out and buy fancy snacks for 
"prickley, burney, aahhahsdhsahhfhih   *shivers* i'm dying all over again   i'll get pictures out once i'm finished "
"phase one complete, now if i could just see the back of my head    "
independent superintendent - maybe i'll write something about that    now time to make some coffee and pug-grub  hoo hah! say anyone wanna read a dream i just had?
its off to the mountain of discovery and adventure 
finally able to think of myself as an animal and as a human   both together at once and both equally important 
feels so    optional 
"time to book another date at cr to comply with those needy fafsa people    heh, i take their money and i call them needy; ahh well, some people are not worth their money it is true "
"has new profile picture to go on everything, foreverz "
power levels over nine thousand!
"chilled and out there, all in one safe place "
phone is out for a while anyone who wants; call me on the <propmale> house main phone if you have to reach me 
really dose take after his good ol' mom <propfemale> in how i care for people  this knowledge pleases me 
revving up engines and resting up for some last begotten free time found in waiting 
loves this material world  why there is not more festival and free speaking i can only blame the social structure of <propfemale> 
"dang it, the world dose not seem sufficiently bright without sleep during the night "
jupiter and saturn may have their differences but i refuse to lose my ground 
"now if only i could own a mansion of my own, outfitted with music in every room and plenty of instruments  bizam, it must be the <propfemale> calling "
oh my beloved ice cream bar    power my circuits while i make some real food   
really feels like the world is just one size off 
first day of the new year of classes was a success and an excitement 
stop  devotime 
"fabulous, fabulous tomorrow!"
the future of food is another documentary we all need to watch and share to do our part in helping humanity by small nudges 
"sorray if i ain't getting back to anyone, my phone be dead and will not even give me caller id"
has got to do some connecting with his grandpa   how glad i am to know he is one of the same enlightened choir i am a part of 
"nothing cleaver to say yet i thought of saying something anyway, oh well its back to school-time!"
"feeling ready  remembering all those networks of neurons that together generate good feelings, fun truths, memory of ages past and present and all the possibility of the future    four spellcheck errors in this, maybe i need something like a doctorate in english  maybe i just need to invent an internet comparable language of feeling   that makes five spellcheck-found errors  now its off to campus!"
"is relatively wordless !!\ smile j"
"hath woken up at a far earlier time than indeed anticipated   in fact i am not just on vacation, i am also in so-hum with a hankering for an early mourning walk and several afternoon talks "
dear anomalous micro-habitat that has been destroyed this mourning  i wish for you new growth to appear in your place and for your former inhabitants to find peace 
"no more overkill   ~~ that really means something, but i'd be stupid to try to e playful lain   some people will understand if i say i know i have wiggle room now   wiggling, the dance of life, perhaps the first dance invented   its the dance that makes content to be just another heart "
back to the same old un-moved-ness 
"wants to declare 'thinking' as a physical act with equal and absolute reactions in the shape of the brain and the shape of our futures   but i realize i cannot test this thesis until thoughts can be stored on a hard-drive other than my own squishy, gelatinous, changing soft-drive memory "
appetite please come   
far too human for my own good  hahah  haa   
"just loves when \analogies\"" are literal in their own way """
"whooting and hollering at the kitties out in the back-yard  they are not human trained, they are survivalists but they are cuuuuute "
night night    night   
wrinkles in my head-jelly are forming and singing their wave-like brain songs  people talking and sharing complex ideas always gets my brain back into a lightly thoughtful groove  time to memorize homeworks?! naw! ignorance! bulgardash! i would rather be learning 
"lets get physical  lets go places, lets build stuff, lets talk, lets dance, lets think of our bodies and drink water, lets irrigate streams, lets blow up some dams  lets get things straight, lets help each other out by losing track of our 'self' and understanding the 'we ' \lets sort this out with all other living things and teach our wisdom and study things!"
friend to hangout with?? neigh neigh neigh neigh neigh!  rather uninspiring it is sometimes 
this monkey sad 
"loves being hyper in the early, or late in the day    surplus energy and yipping noises are the best!   none of that silent but reasonable stuff, just raww  impulse!!! chickone, goooda "
"sleep time now, with smiles and a good nights rest   lets go see if the latter part of that is true!"
"\where's the magic?!!?\""  {i said earlier smile   \""found the magic^amused*\""funny i said that\"""""
"too calm, too calm, too calm, too calm too calm!!!   must fight back the cold with    ohh no, i had no filler yesterday- i need more food to burn!!  until then, its time to use my food stores to fire up these engines!"
"dreams on hold, time to shape what i can with the tools i have  time to take things back, i have time and i have a surging fountain of life within me   i am incomplete but since when was that ever a problem  for today's function, this is good enough "
dancing   i need to start dancing 
someone has made your mistake before   liven and take heart at that you will not be the last; to be the first is truly a great honor    but some of the fighters and thinkers of old should be carried on in at least our deeds if not our memory  dis-cover 
aggression   even aggression has its place and i would be sorry without it 
figuring out how to make a doll who sits and looks natural is not the same as the making of one   it would mean allot for me to be able to make one though 
here goes everything 
listening to a chapter of audio books while i get my engines revving 
facebook    number one cause of burnt breakfast 
wanna studio again   except this time i wanna run the show!
time to take this laundry out on a date 
"hey, computer, go to sleep  i don't need you or that silly cell-phone with its audio-sensory alarm to wake me up when my biological clock is perfectly capable of doing that job for me   silence! and let books and biology be all the noize i receive!"
"across go the streamers and ribbons of light and fire; they are the song of energy and chemistry and feelings and plans   it is the wind that sweeps across this land, extending and connecting, associating, forgetting remembering and predicting while directing the things i call hands "
"needs a channel   or a funnel, or something that requires of me input!"
loves brain-powers!
remember; president palin wants you lackadaisical californian revolutionists not to vote this tuesday 
"its time for an act damnit! someone needs to extort some effort from me, cuz on my own for my own is getting me seasick "
pull    push    move and squirm and work!  aeigh  presentations and raiding parties and i'll have to sleep this one off for a week 
"should really have peace today and pay ceremonial respects for his ancestors   damn obligations all around the board though, i suppose i need to make time for them soon    hey! my grandpa and uncle are visiting this week!!! dose that count?"
"misses the artistic creativity possible with myspace    seriously, there needs to be a better way than facebook   riiight?"
"war chants, grunting, sharpening and strapping and blowing the horn!! it is time to fallow our ways to <propfemale> and plunder or our ancestors in so doing!!"
"the strangest trains and ideas give the best realizations   i saw dionysus again last night, in very close to his true form for a moment   moments do pass though; and we remain human and either we adapt, or we fall off rhythm "
"waaaaa hooo hoo hoo hooooew!!!!!   i got time to live!!! fully conscious and 100% me, i might not have this again after i pass, but i might have something more one day again!"
"okay and made it home like a champion   top notch skip limping most of all the way  circulation; nominal  attitude; nominal, immunological defense network; nominal but stressed   physical awareness; nominal   all body systems set on immunizing and toughening   heh, physical pain of the day; absolutely bared well "
"now though hits cold with strife as slick as an arrow   but to hibernate misses out on things most beneficial to do   aye, its an unsettled standoff "
gotta love the need to refuel carbs 
"ea haefestus, ae aathina!"
"everything is so far away    but i am more centered than ever on the bright side   healing is now progressed so that i am able to turn back the tide and push the invaders out of my flesh so that they can be washed away, swelling is reduced, messaging lymph glands to get the deeper remnants of the infection to be processed into liver and kidneys "
"the devil sent me a <propmale>, look! see!! it has 666   thats just funny   hopefully i can wave my wand and enchant government services to exorcise the demon "
"book yeah! \the hidden dimension\"" \""he dance of life: the other dimension of time\""  \""the poetics of space\"" and my own copy of the \""head trip\"" all together for 40 dollars   why do some books have to be so e playful ensive?"""
keyboard died i'm so  grills and  imp i'm ill    foo!
tikk  : )
"you can't say \unshakable\"" without sha-ka!  laugh \",bf47be59ce42c3a1e973e572b3808fd2,too misses every one 
"consciously sleeping in, by product: comfort, dreams, on-timeness still, loss of time and forgetting of dreams to remember important things "
"memory is the weirdest fruckin thing   so is what the mind dose to memory in dreams    look <propfemale>, our apple tree has friends "
lets go out and figure magnetism  what gives with our bio-electric circulating iron blood and our electro-gray matter? its gray because its one step off dark 
"the fates are not the forecasters, nor the words the whether-makers of gray matter "
"oh whats this? i only have fancy salad, blueberries, yogurt, yogurt apricot bite-ables and water from the source? well hell yeah "
omg marionberry pie ice cream heaven!
"i don't think we're alone    but the <propmale> that someone's messing with us    is how come in particle physics certain things can't be observed or made sense of, or change when we look at them  hawh, there's a conspiracy just waiting there "
"how you bounce determines how you think, every moment, every day   how you write with a pen, how you think when you think you're thoughts will dead end, its all cumulative, every moment, every neuron slain and every revive you cast  \~this makes it hard to study the constantly changing jelly which is the brain; the unseen computer, the unseen filter to all that we see glitter   \tea: the savior "
"prophecy changes fate  and hence fate changes our interpretation of prophecy  what, in truth are the fore-tellers? the same atoms that make us and all of substance "
"regress on any one lesson and find that fate will reprehend you for it so that you either learn to ignore fate, or live the process of evolution "
first e playful erience with a 2 hour + attention span for reading and at some moments fully cognitive speed-reading   hell yeah!!!
"<propfirst> of arc \hahahahaha, well it only has to be funny for me, for anybody else i can be accepted as dead serious "
"\grow a limestone reef under venice\"" \",bf47be59ce42c3a1e973e572b3808fd2,"runaway once more boy blue, run away  just be here by the time i need you "
this time no hurry 
we're all correlated 
"one third of the way to long enough, a quarter of the way if it gets better, one fifth if i really have something going "
15 8c and comfy! i can rock this temperature  tileso never do warm so much as that though  feet cold when pressed to em in thermodynamically exchanging way 
the many pieces of the eye of horus see far into ourselves 
