a2e3d03a81c761094aed034b6b33ecf0
it's probably because nobody likes you 
domino's tracker ftw!
mmm smile 
blahhhhhhhhhh 
is having a wierd craving for mojito tea from turkey hill and pork   
facebook sucks  nothing ever works and the only point of it is to stalk people 
is going to get a twitter  so everyone can stalk me  o 0
follow me? yes  twitter com erin playful attxhey
"you taste like heaven, but god knows you're built for sin  you're built for sin "
gimmie  a cutieee  smile 
can you get a life please <propmale>? stop stalking people  it's not cool 
"if you don't know me, don't say shit  <propfemale>?"
someone tell these people to get a life 
no fair 
follow my twitter   erin_patt  <propfemale> 
"hurry up, mail man "
yayyyy!
look at my schedule and tell me if we have stuffff together  smile 
le-git 
sleepover  kitten tommorow  smile 
new clothes horrayy!
"in the daylight, anywhere feels like home "
"your lips, your lies, your lust, like the devil's in your hands "
follow my twitter   erin_patt
i'm diggginnn it 
"oh, you "
mall tommorow!
don't tell me life is too short  it's the longest thing anyone ever does 
not a happy camper 
my phone smells like a <propfemale> necklace 
i just don't know 
school again tommorow :[
bed 
i hate my laptop :[
ew 
lonley  annoyed 
"hey, whay are you so weird "
"hey, why are you so weird?"
"draw me the skyline, then set it on fire  sit with me and watch it burn "
piano duet? i think so 
just lost the game  fail :[
11:11  i made my wish 
tell me darling  where do we begin?
i want it 
goodnight 
i need plans for tomorrow  make some with me? and i don't believe this weekend could get much worse 
i wish facebook let you post a song on your profile like myspace does 
this is bad 
i feel like i'm going to throw up  bye 
for real? i can't believe that just happened  i think i just rofl-ed off my chair 
a] i want bread  b] my eye hurts?
"no phone  if you wanna make plans, i'll do anything to get away from my parents "
"so my parents took my phone for something that happened a month ago  i'm grounded because of a candle[?] and an empty vodka bottle from february and because my parents want a different house phone, i can't get an ipod for my birthday  who wants to adopt me?"
"you're the hardest book i've never read, you have your own story to tell "
"note to self, don't do that "
"this is heaven  there is no need to do anything  no vices to feed, no urges to succumb from freedom of need, and no need to <propfemale> because in life the only <propfemale> is the <propfemale> to be content "
mafia woman or mad hatter?
powderpuff!
just got home 
i'm pretty excited for powder puff!
i bet you won't remember me 
anyone not going to field or the game?
"i'd like to make myself believe, that planet earth turns slowly  it's hard to  say that i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep, 'cause everything is never as it seems "
park and downtown with shmorgasborg and teeee  then oktoberfest  goooood day 
downtown at el morgannns! uhm tonight was beastt 
sick :[
finally home from powder puff practice  errands with the mother  i hate being sick 
getting papers for my permit tomorrow! so excited 
apparently me and my brother have the same shirt?
the irony 
i'm pretty much borderling insane 
are you serious? fml 
phone back! texttt  laugh 
half an hour and three minutes 
seriously? i'm the least boring person you will ever meet  show laterrr!  smile 
that's cool 
goodnight  text me 
making invites and shit for my 16th partyyy
want me to make you a video facbook comment thinger? i kinda wanna make another one  playful 
made people's video comments 
fml 
"so my ipod won't let me upload videos  sorry <propfemale>, bobbertt & <propmale> "
hybrid veggies ftw 
"third fml of the day  actually, no  this would be the fourth "
"damnit  why do i always seem to do that  <propfirst>, stop doing that "
"if you're reading this, you got a group invite  accept it!"
"i'm a stitch away, from making it  and a scar away from falling apart "
you know what i love? this  i just love how everything works  wtf 
"a life without risks, isn't a life at all "
"no, not litterally "
"a life without risks, isn't a life at all "
"<propfirst> is darling, and more awesome-er than me  don't let him tell you otherwise  playful "
win  today was good!
hmm    
"wow, fml  i still don't have a date to homecoming "
"please, go jump off a <propmale> "
"horray, horray  for my unofficial homecoming date, and my \homecoming date\"" """
gahhhhh 
tomorrow shall be a great day 
"i wish facebook had a \that made my day \"" button """
"roflcopterrrr   playful   chillllinn with <propfirst> tomorrow, then first fridayy"
i'm pathetic 
talk to me 
dear people who play farmville    i need two people to send me baby elephants so i can get an award  playful  soooo pleasepleaseplease send me a baby elephant 
i've come to the conclusion 
"<propfemale> just made me pasta, and brought it to me   smile "
gotta pick out my homecoming dress tomorrow  
some people these days 
"as much as i want too, i'm not going to say it "
gah  i need a homecoming dress 
i want two kittens  both girls  and i'm naming them <propfemale> and <propfemale> 
great day 
"\i'll watch you dance around to new found <propfemale> in the front seat of my car \"""""
no cast!!!
in so much pain :[
bored  arm hurts  texting jasonn  smile  talk please 
bad day 
i have four different colors of paint on me  i wasn't even painting today   
"everyone needs to stfu about the swine flu  i really don't care that you coughed, you don't have swine flu, even if you did, you're probably not going to die  i'm sick and tired of people talking about \the swine\"" """
swine = bs 
does anyone know if you can download movies from dvds into itunes?
make plans with me for tomorrow 
"ugh the dating scheme these days is so messed up  why can i never get a decent guy to like me, or to actually stay with me? i'm tired of people telling me i could get any guy i want, because that's obviously not happening "
this isn't what i hoped for 
you will never understand how great my dislike is for you 
"im sorry facebook, but no, i did not find the picture of that man in your add attractive  talktalk pwerasee "
how long til this goes away 
this weekend was amazing 
"we all got wood and nails, tounge tied in hate factories "
"and i really don't give a damn what you're doing this weekend, if it doesn't involve me "
"yessssss  i don't have to spend my night alone  smile  zach's on his way over, bringing the friendlys  w0000ttt "
"today's the day it gets tired, today's the day we drop down "
dying my hair again soon 
waste away with me 
short red hair  smile 
gah  i lost the game 
"let's set the stage on fire, and hollywood will be jealous "
"and it's the best thing to ever enter my life, after all this time i'm still taken by suprise "
"so far, great weekend "
"it used to be the reason i breathed but now it's choking me up, die young and save yourself "
"if you'd be my breath, there's nothing i wouldn't give "
what's on my mind? <propfirst> lacey love 
"if you'd be my breath, there's nothing i wouldn't give "
go see the playyyy 
needs plans for tomorrow 
nothing ever goes my way 
kirsty just yelled at me for playing farmville 
"nopee, downhill "
is a unicorn a vegetarian?!?
going to get permit tomorrow  hopefully 
making a neopets account 
"if anyone still has a neopets account add me as a neofriend, shmerinofficeex@aim com"
neopets 
"talk to me, im bored "
withdraw 
it's just not fair 
i wanna change my name to paperclip haha 
gahh 
"i was hoping you could help me outta here, so i can finally disappear "
"greattt, this always happens to me "
ahhh!
i'm horrible 
dfkjgdsjfdfklj!
crazy weekend 
my sister is crying    because?
"uh, yeah whatever  fthisbs "
not fair 
jealousy sucks asss mann       ugghhh
"you know i'm suffocating, but i blame this town "
more kool-aide pleaasee  laugh 
school tomorrow 
this calls for an intervention 
today was good  laugh 
ahoy lad!
"i'm done making the effort to care, because honestly, i just don't "
"no sweatheart, i pretty much hate you "
pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere 
day filled with    sarahhhh tomorrow? i hopee!
"oh please, give me a fucking break  can my lying neglectful father please get hit by a truck, and my insane mother please go to a mental hospital already, i'd be better off living on my own "
"i'm selfish as selfish comes, you're giving me a run for my money, <propfemale>!"
wtf?
fml 
? 
"such a, mystery "
oh man !
ugh i feel like crap 
"cutttt my hair, again "
"well i just want to break you down so badly, in the worst way "
"ommgg, day "
it's time we met and made a mess 
me = butthead  hahah 
make conversation with me 
score 
"it's hard to e playful lain, i don't know why, i enjoy the fact that we stare at the same night sky "
don't let this thought escape me 
no phone  :[
so close 
"really life, really?"
ewwy   playful 
bookiki?
sooo tired 
lovely 
"\you don't even know how excited i am   \"""""
"don't shake, i hate to see you tremble "
"really? can't something go in my favor, for once?"
i need a new year's resolution 
"i hate when people post exactly what they're doing today, and think that everyone else cares "
grow up 
zombies  love 
ew 
"hahahahahah, oh man "
fml 
<propfemale> kool aidee 
frosting 
dyed my hair with kool <propfemale> with <propfirst>!  smile 
"please, just shut up "
malllll with <propfirst>! woot 
just lost the game :[
"don't shake, i hate to see you tremble "
"i love how my sister's friend 3-ways me into a phone call with them so my sister can ask me a question, i'm two rooms down from her  lazy people "
"i sat and smoked and thought about needles flipping back at the top of his zippo, spinning the wheel, making fire with the flint and steel like a caveman  -the night shift, <propfirst> <propmale> "
breaking my new year's resolution has never felt so good 
you will never know 
i'm actually going to clean my room 
i'm sick and tired of all this bullshit 
"while i'm at it, i'll just eat a thousand <propfemale> needles  it'll probably leave a better feeling in my stomach than this "
"well, i trip over everything you say "
this  sucks 
ouch 
greattt  
so apparently i'm a scenecore hipster according to <propfirst> <propfirst> 
i hate this whole une playful ected babysitting bull crap  where is my mom?
fan-freakin-tastic 
i'm done 
i give up 
can i has?
formspring me erinxnicole
"\the girl can rap!\"""""
this isn't really the path i wanted to follow  the view from here isn't nearly as good as before 
my tummy hurts :[
waste 
creep 
gah  cultures project  textt  smile 
someone call me 
this is effing lameee 
formspring me erinxnicole
half an hour later i found the song i was looking for 
my mom just got really mad at me because instead of pouring milk in a cup to make chocolate milk i poured chocolate in the milk 
"i just want to break you down so badly, well i trip over everything you say  i just want to break you down so badly, in the worst way, worst way "
jghgkdzfhj 
"hello inevitable, i've been waiting for you to come "
"your lipstick  his collar  don't bother, angel  i know exactly what goes on "
"facebook, i hate you "
really? whatever 
so  close 
yeah  done 
mouse in my house!
"i swear, i'm the worst ninja ever "
such a sucker for a sweet talker 
good day  smile 
cheer me up 
finally can drive  geez 
"it's still a question of \how long will this hold?\"" """
something really needs to change 
ughhhhhh  this has got to end 
"<propfirst>'s day is two weeks away, oh boy "
"i'm giving up, on giving up slowly "
"oh, wouldn't that be nice?"
"nevermind, this is a wasteee"
"you, this, it just bothers me "
"i thought i was a fool for no one, but oh baby, i'm a fool for you "
"ok, i've decided  i'm moving to texas by myself to become a cowboy "
this is unbelievably sad 
i want to move to the equator 
forget it 
this makes my stomache turn 
wow  i'm giving up all hope on you  i'm just done  fdgjdfkgj 
"oh, i so would   wink "
please no school 
who is my celebrity look-alike?
wishful thinking 
"this is pretty upsetting, actually "
i wants a <propfirst> 
today kinda sorta sucked :[
and i'm always going to want to blow your mind 
here's a good idea   let's just not have school tomorrow period?
i has come to the conclusion 
i have like seven valentines  hah 
"we don't believe in filler  baby, if i could i'd sit this one out "
is it to late to go back to my new year's resolution?
"i know that everything you want, isn't anything you have "
this is honestly quite sad and disappointing 
:[
watching the burried life  smile 
"i knew i wouldn't forget ya, so i went and let you blow my mind "
some men die under the mountain looking for gold; some die just looking for a hand to hold 
someone text me and maybe make plans for tonight 
<propfirst>'s coming over  smile 
"facebook, you suck "
"fdgjdfkjgdkf  laugh , is the only way to describe how i feel  ahahah "
teehee smile 
facebook suckssss 
my family   
"so i didn't really care who won the superbowl  then, i saw the coach for the saints, and it would be a shame for that pretty face to cry    ahahahah "
"every time i see that or hear that, i die a little inside "
i just don't even know anymore   annoyed 
"see you never know how, how everything could turn around "
i'm overwhelmed with excitement 
roffffflllll 
"one false move, you're all alone "
i'm kinda enjoying this  laugh  
i wants to go play in the snowww 
no school tomorrow!  laugh 
"sledding, take 3  text "
"sledding, take 3 "
i'm determined to go sledding today  it's going to happen 
i gotta start fishing in a different lake 
"mother nature, you ruin my plans "
"frankly, i just don't give a damn "
i just hope the roads are clear tomorrow 
i can't wait  i just can't wait 
someone make plans with me today 
<propfirst>'s day is in two days  smile 
"\can i drive this ship?\"""""
"i'm so starstruck  baby, could you blow my heart up?"
<propfirst>'s here!  smile 
i have a good feeling about this  <propfirst> <propfemale> brandt is here   smile 
no phone  someone please pick me up  anyone 
i've gotta get out of here 
stfu 
my sister's boyfriend woke up at 5 this morning to ride his bike 3 hours to come see her on <propfirst>'s day  why can't i have someone cute like that?
today sucked  happyfuckingvalentinesdaytoyoutoo 
"wow, this reallllllyy sucks  really bad "
there's five minutes left in <propfirst>'s day  oh thank god 
i cant waitttt 
perfect 
that was really really really funny 
i just hope tomorrow is a good day 
i had the weirdest dream last night 
maybe mall with <propfirst> <propfemale> brandt?  laugh 
i need a ride to the mall  ughh 
i really need to get out of my house 
mine   playful 
"somehow, i always seem to turn really good ideas, into really really bad ideas "
i just had the best idea ever 
click 'like' if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile  smile  ?
fml 
i just want my phone back  sad 
"thanks to <propfemale> knable, i just spent half an hour picking paint outta my hair  loveyou[:"
i hate not feeling good :[
not going to school tomorrow again  still sick :[
hmm  smile 
my dad needs to stop naming my fish 
"and if you ever said you miss me, then don't say you've never lied "
tomorrow will be quite eventful  smile 
we're beautiful and dirtyyy richh 
"oh please, i'm 16, my only <propfemale> is to be happy "
today was so eventful 
"i wanna dancee with no pants onnn, hollaaa!"
"oh, i would erase my entire itunes library - -"
tonight was awesome  smile  shmapleee in the morning with <propfemale> mcginty and grace <propmale>  and some more people  hollllaa!
i had an amazing day!  smile 
ahhhh  smile 
i'm a horrible person 
i love facebook creepin 
"i feel there's something here, but i don't know  my heart beats quicker now, because of you "
someone make plans with me for tomorrow  smile 
i really really don't enjoy this feeling you're giving me 
like really? wow 
"how come, this can't be you?  playful "
"step it up, before i just step out "
"call me a safe bet, i'm betting i'm not  i'm glad that you can forgive, only hoping as time goes you can forget  so you can forget "
"i dislike you, please stop texting me  "
this could be the last time 
i think my brain is about to have a meltdown from this weekend 
just won silver for my dress in scholastics! ahhhhh!
you make me giggle  x]
your hipocracy is actually really rediculously hysterical 
i really don't know what i'm going to do with myself  i'm a wreck 
"so it's not gonna be easy  it's gonna be really hard  we're gonna have to work at this every day, but i want to do that because i want you  i want all of you, for ever, you and me, every day   love "
i want someone provocative and talkative 
i really want a shamrock shake 
"i don't pity you  and chances are, i never will "
we believe in something invisible 
"if i could get this feeling to end  with trembling idle hands, holding me there  we laugh in the face of love  because nobody's really there  nobody's real "
i want to go to the park today 
i'm just giving up 
i think i'm going to go outside and take pictures 
"all we need is a little bit of momentum, break down these walls that we've built around ourselves "
 annoyed 
i hate being sickkkk  fgdkfjsgdsfjkg 
"dear sick, please go away "
"well, this just sucks "
these rules were made to break and these walls were built to fall 
you've got a dark heart  you've got a cold kiss 
i kindof really wanna do something tonight 
i'm stuck inside this rut that i fell into by mistake 
"when it all falls down, i'll still be right here "
"you would rather bleed than be without her  gone are the tender whispers dancing in your ears  replaced with lackluster memories you cry, your screams play in your empty room "
i just found all of my old music  oh thank god 
"tell me darling, where do we begin?"
"this is the oldest story in the book, he desires the one thing he cannot have "
"call me a safe bet, i'm betting i'm not "
"and for some weird reason, i actually started to feel bad for you "
"if you'd be my breath, there's nothing i wouldn't give "
rawwrr 
dislikeee 
float my boat 
"i'm really liking today, actually "
"oh god, thank you for letting me be born into a harcore <propfemale> family   love "
are you freakin' kidding me  ugh 
finally getting my permit tomorrow 
i'm quite excited for saturday 
i wish i can hear your voice  don't leave me alone in this bed 
"i swear, i feel like my internal organs are just going to burst inside me "
"hey, thanks for being there for me "
"i would beg for you, but i don't kneel  i understand you were living there, it never bothered me that i don't care  i wonder if i'll act on my impulse, i wonder if i'll leave if you say go "
"-1,+10  i like this math, smile "
you're only cute when you're drunk 
"if i could, i would shrink myself, sink through your skin to your blood cells, remove whatever makes you hurt, but i am too weak to be your, cure "
"going to <propfemale>'s with <propfemale> mcginty  oh warm days, i love you "
today was a very good day  smile 
????? ?u?? ?sn? ? '?oq ?o
first friday with the best  laugh 
 smile  x 10 = pretty much how i feel right now 
today was truely great 
late night <propfirst> gerhart conversations     erin: so i'm getting to that delirious tired again  <propfirst>: awww  sad  erin: just tried to eat a light bulb 
"some men die under the mountain just looking for gold, some die looking for a hand to hold "
"and all i need to know, is that i'm something you'll be missing, is that i'm something that you're missing "
haha  <propmale> hardy makes vodka 
sick :[
"still sick :[ but now thanks to <propfirst> gerhart, i'm watching the sandlot "
"needles and pins, needles and - needles and pins,  needles and pins,  sew me a sail  to catch me the wind "
blood work first thing tomorrow morning :[
<propfemale> mcginty and grace <propmale> brought me <propfemale>'s  smile 
good things always happen to the people who don't deserve them 
mono can smd 
"\eye not horsey  now eat my toasted bagel  it it buuuuurn \"""""
"<propmale> pfautz was just over, visiting me in my time of mono, watching it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia with me  smile "
"feeling a lot better, finally "
hell week + pssas + mono = me not a happy camper 
my throat is so swollen  :[
<propmale> pfautz brought me <propfemale>'s  smile 
is having an intervention with <propfirst> gerhart 
"what have i gotten into this time around? i know that i had sworn i'd never trust anyone again, but i didn't have too  you had me at hello "
making a pie with my papa 
"take heart, sweatheart, or i will take it from you "
"a heart that's harder than stone, and it hurts a whole lot, but it's missed when it's gone "
"went to homecoming in a sling, and will now most likely be going to prom in a boot cast  greeeeat "
"\i'm not spitting on you   think of it as me blowing you a thousand concentrated kisses \"""""
got my x-rays today 
 smile 
"and maybe we're just trying too hard, when really it's closer than it is too far "
woahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
a day with house and ncis marathons is a very good day 
british air raid! best game we ever invented 
bahahahha have fun with that one 
camping with <propfirst>!  smile 
got the most bamf fire idea then it started raining and pulled a bug out of <propfirst>'s nose  cool beans 
"and i've always lived like this, keeping a comfortable distance, and up until now i had sworn to myself that i'm content with lonliness, because none of it was ever worth the risk  well, you are, the only exception   love "
"i wrote this song about you, isn't that cliche of me to do? it's nothing for you, the band just needed something more to play  so don't blush or hooray at the possible sound of your name, no i wouldn't go that far "
laughing myself to sleep 
took <propfemale> swimming today  
was that necessary?
"oh man, i almost forgot how cool you were, but that refreshed my memory  i'm obviously being sarcastic, and you're pathetic "
"\that's like a hundred square frogs \"""""
"so brown eyes i'll hold you near, 'cause you're the only song i want to hear, a <propfemale> softly soaring through my atmosphere "
taylor=4000 erin=23
went to hersheypark with the girls today  smile 
saw toy story 3 last night!  smile 
just kidnapped <propmale> 
my laptop's broken  fml 
"all the feelings that i get, but i haven't missed you yet "
i want this <propfemale> i saw with <propfirst> today  anyone wanna lend me fifteen dollars? i pay you backkk  smile 
hello irony 
oh really? that's funny because i almost forgot i was going somewhere in life and you weren't 
jersey shore with taylorrr  woo  smile 
like 4395345 ironic things have happened to me today  weird 
"such romantic eyes, got me hypnotized, and if i had my way, i'd never let you go "
"vxvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvxc cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccsfsz  love, nerak "
unfortuantely fortunate 
i really want to go on a hike tomorrow 
i can't be honest with even myself  did you ever wish you were somebody else?
r i p snuffles  sad 
two days  smile 
your ignorance humors me 
"i'm gonna melt the fever, sugar  rollin' back your eyes "
my goldfish has a hitler stache  cool 
got over my fear of the ocean today 
drove on the beach!
my backseat drivers aka my mother and father got me stuck in the sand 
how convenient 
"i've got some thing's i'd like to set in pen  i would have used a pencil, but that's just not permanent "
got a job!
"ocean city, here we come  smile "
just got our picture taken by some random guy at our hotel  randomly  
"drew: ooooo well you can text me, i has a new phone  smile    me: okk! i dunno where my phone is    drew: call it   oh its probably on silent     me: its on vibrate  haha   drew:hahaha oh god   check in your pants? just a suggestion   me: i'm not wearing pants  "
raaaage 
"some men die under the mountain just looking for gold, some die looking for a hand to hold "
i really need another job 
"if you don't want to hear what i have to say, don't bitch about the way i live my life "
so much win 
boom =  love 
hope for the hopeless 
i can't begin to describe how much i dislike you 
"if you'd be my breath, there's nothing i wouldn't give "
"you gotta spend some time, love \you gotta spend some time with me \and i know that you'll find love \i will possess your heart "
"with <propfirst> grem amico, going to <propfemale> dart's later  laugh "
mylifeisalmostcomplete 
let's play pretend 
no phone :[
phone  smile 
"if i could, i would shrink myself, sink through your skin to your blood cells, and remove whatever makes you hurt, but i am to weak to be your cure "
"i'mma get your heart racing in my skin tight jeans, be your teenage dream tonight(;"
"i keep on running, keep on running and nothing works  i just can't get away from you "
"i'm giving up on giving up slowly, i'm blending in so you won't even know me "
"these lies are leading me astray, it's to much for me to stay  i don't want to live this <propfemale>, it goes on endlessly "
i'm not easy to please 
"when i say let's keep in touch, i really mean i wish that you'd grow up "
my father just facebook imed me telling me i need to go to bed 
"went to roots today with <propfirst> after i went to cvs with <propfemale>, then put highlights in my hair, and made <propfirst> a cd  smile "
had a nervous breakdown in the dentist office today  greaaat 
i just feel complete when you're by my side 
"\we're only in florida? ahhh where the f**k's texas?!\"" -gr3mm """
"\how does one pimp a car?\""- mrs  mcginty """
<propfirst> kramer won me two and a half fish at the fair today love 
at the mall wiff <propfirst>  smile 
"i'm <propmale> from where you are, i lay me down on the cold ground and i, i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms "
"fuck you too, laptop "
"fate, or something better, i could care less  just stay with me awhile "
please don't text me 
"i wonder if i'll act on my impulse, i wonder if i'll leave if you say go "
some 10 year old kid at mccdonalds just gave me the finger 
rofl waffle 
"like my status & i'll tell you annoyed 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of\3  my first memory of you   \4  the animal you remind me of         \5  ask something i've always wondered about you\6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname\8  whats on my shirt now\9  challenge you to post this"
"you can take the kid from the fight, can't take the fight from the kid "
there's time to quit when you're dead 
go seniors!  smile 
"days rolled on, we know the price we pay "
"i found you here, now please just stay for a while, i can move on with you around "
"you said that you would die for me, but you must live for me too "
"oh, make my bones do something "
i just don't know anymore 
"the worst is over, you can have the best of me "
i swore i never gave up on you 
"don't waste your time, or time will waste you "
"i would beg for you, but i don't kneel "
"whatever tomorrow brings, i'll be there "
no phonee :[
phones goood 
no phone again :[
new phone  smile 
so i hve noone's <propfirst>  message me your phone number please  smile 
77: i freaking miss you  a lot  :[
789: you're so gorgeous and i love partying with youu!
18 8: you're so sweet and funny and i miss you and your tits of jehova 
96632113: i miss you coming over to my house just cause  smile  we've had some crazy times 
"i won't let this go, cause it's true, i am nothing without you "
30: i misss youu  powderpuff with you was awesome!
69: i freaking love you  you're so gorgeous and i love hanging out with you and tarbear!
"24: rumble lips  hahhahahahah  3000: i miss fibers with youuu  36: ahh you make crew so much fun, because we both are only good at painting and entertaining  5: i love you  that is all  smile "
17: i love your conversesss  smile 
3568: i love you  you're so pretty and i love having sleepovers with you and flying eagles  smile 
you complete me 
can you hold my gun? i gotta pull my pants up 
if the silence takes you then i hope it takes me too 
"today's the day it gets tired, today's the day we drop down "
no phone 
"a heart that's harder than stone, and it hurts a whole lot, but it's missed when it's gone "
you had me at hello love 
this is stupid 
"it goes \bang bang\"" in my head """
"oh, you  love "
3 days oss  cool 
so i realllly need to move out of my house  as soon as possible 
"did you honestly think that by sticking your nose in someone else's shit, it was going to smell good?"
fat people hating me seems to be a new trend  lol 
no phone 
does anyone have an old verizon phone i can use?
 love 
 annoyed 
blah 
"i love, <propfirst> kramer  love  hehe "
with <propfirst>   love 
i can't wait for tomorrow  love 
my school is freaking rediculous 
finally got a new phone! with my babeee  smile 
"the greatest thing you'll ever learn, is how to love and be loved in return "
i really don't want to go to school tomorrow  going to the brownstown ctc was probably the worst decision of my life 
every single prom dress i want is like a million dollars 
whatever 
blah  annoyed 
i have the cutest boyfriend ever  love 
"control your poison, babe "
 love 
no one will ever see these things the way i do 
i like when my brother imitates cats 
"i wish i never would have went to ctc  so for all of you juniors thinking of going to the brownstown campus, don't "
i want a tattooo!
new phoneee 
watching stepbrother with my babe  love 3
got my license!!!
went to the park and had a lovely picnic with <propfirst>  smile 
to the little <propfemale> that comes in my room and takes my things: i know who you are and you're not fooling me  stop taking my things and pretending you don't know what i'm talking about 
blah 
free ritassssa
free ritasssss!
<propfemale>
sick  sad 
"so keep the blood in your head, and keep your feet on the ground  today's the day it gets tired, today's the day we drop down "
i'm so glad you're mine 
cherrrry! love 333
i really wouldn't hate school as much if it started after noon 
"it's not that i keep hanging on, i'm never letting go   love "
"so there was a stink bug on the edge of my mom's glass, and without looking she drank it, then spit it all over her new laptop "
stupid 
please be mine forever  love 
"rip <propmale>  i never knew you personally, but i know you'll be missed greatly "
got a job!
my boyfriend is the cutest  love 
"'cause i'm a wishful thinker with the worst intentions, this could be the last <propmale> you get to drop my name  if i'm just bad news, then you're a liar "
i need girlfriends 
