859f7d23a0de56783ee461ffb93d7fd9
"listening to pandora radio, woop woop"
lovessss rain!
writing an essay  fun times   
"<propmale> yorn is the sexiest man alive  he actually beats <propmale> delonge, <propmale> sturges, and <propmale> morrison!"
"not a good day, cheer me up?"
<propfirst> needs to get her ass home already!
fml
today was a really good day  smile 
"tomorrow shall be a day full of homework and <propfirst>, the latter will prevent me from dying  smile "
hello hurricane  smile 
j'adore la musique de journey!
"the ice age is coming, the sun is zooming in engines stop running and the wheat is growing thin a nuclear error, but i have no fear"
student congress blowssss  it's consuming my whole day!  sad 
not looking forward to giving a speech tomorrow  annoyed 
i feel lonely  annoyed 
going to see a tribute to the beatles at the paramont theater today! hope its good!
"& of course, after telling me countless times i need to hurry, she's still not ready"
i have decided to not do my math homework!
"everytime i remember that the next two day are only 3 hours long, i get sooooo overwhelmingly happy! horray  smile "
my mom brought me home sushi and a piece of chocolate cake! horrayyyyy!
"done with english, done with math, on to science   "
who would have ever known i would find myself able to relate to a <propfirst> swift song? not i hahaha  going to talk to christian untill i pass out  night!
"move out of the way shakespeare, <propfirst> dickens is obviously the better writer "
homework time  sad 
music is the best  love 
bono makes my heart melt  going to go talk to christian  smile  night!
homework for dayssss 
"you told me you'd love me till you died, <propmale>, your still alive  <-- love alanis morissette "
just got home  wink  wonderful night! going to the waterfront tomorrow  smile 
shenanigans is definately one of green day's best albums 
i wonder how many friend requests mrs  coyer got this weekend lol 
excited for arizona! roaaaad trip  smile 
"oodles of chores, then lunch with christian  smile "
"going to sleep  smile  im so excited for arizona, where its supposively 100 degrees! great day with the boy  smile  goodnight!"
i believe that we believe by rhcp is my favorite song of theirs 
"it's the 4th of july, and what is my mother doing? cleaning   "
somehow i subscribed to the cosmopolitan? hahaha
"i can't wait for; portland, arizona, bumbershoot, a job, graduating, life  hahahaha"
"road trip with <propfemale>  hello, arizona  smile "
i need a job  hire me 
sunlakes with the <propmale>'s! byeee!
eat pray love is deffinitely the sort of movie i will wait for it to come out on dvd before i see it  and even then i probably won't watch it 
"i have found the world's best insense, world market is the best  love "
"plans of the day: paint my toes, do some laundry, and finally start on my english homework, index carding it up  smile "
"i hate when the definition to a word, could use a definition itself "
is the bitchy cheer choach of glee the creepy manager lady from the 40 year old virgin?
"so far, fast food nation is just making me crave a mcchicken   "
"i just passed a cop going 50 in a 25, and i didn't get pulled over! yesssss "
"3 minutes break over, back to homework ):"
i've never noticed alanis morissette's use of rhetorical devices in her lyrics    haha
my boyfriend is here! horray! goodbye facebook  smile 
"christian woke me up to breakfast this morning, i have the best boyfriend in the world  smile  now for homework alll day, and fast food nation has been moved up to #1 on my queue!"
"plato's closet with christian's aunt and cousin today, i love his family  smile "
"dude, tonight's a school night   "
& back to christians!
done with my homework  smile  time to relax!
"grocery shopping with my mommy today, then having <propfirst> spend the nightttt  smile  i miss her and her sad little self!"
"so i'm sitting her on the cmputer minding my own business, when suddenly i hear a loud crash come from the kitchen, only to find out my mother has just about destroyed the oven  oh my god "
autumn mix <propfemale> corn is heaven 
"finished my homework, now i'm enjoying potstickers and the <propfemale> show  smile "
daytime naps make it impossible to sleep at night 
broke my zeppelin album case 
"although i've always liked <propfirst> lambert, after tonight i have a whole new respect for him  winning american idol was the best thing that never happened to him"
job searching this weekend  smile 
mumford and sons= great
why is it that everyone tries to set me up with people? hahahha
"this is strange, but i like it  smile "
just had one amazing day  smile  so happy!
happy its the weekend  smile 
i don't think i've ever been this happy  smile 
"i haven't been on pandora in so long, im so excited right now!"
poke war? oh <propfirst>  smile 
when did everything suddenly become so perfect?  smile  im so happy  smile 
"one two hour delay, one late wednesday, and a possible snow day?  smile  yes pleasee !"
gettin' a christmas tree this weekend  smile  i'm so ready to hear christmas music everywhere i go!
a recese cup sounds perfect right now 
so glad i got to see my sweetie and his family tonight!  smile 
im realizing my profile picture was taken in 8th grade    i need photos 
got my ugly sweater for tomorrow!  ((( smile 
had a very <propfemale> christmas  smile  best ever  smile 
i love <propfirst>  smile 
skipping the game to talk to my sweetie? i think so  smile 
"i want to go to ohio, only to go to the rock and roll hall of fame, and to go to the restaurant that is on the episode of man v food i'm watching currently "
