847eee5813a5491a3cfc5718f8d50e07
is really bored today
is happy to be alive lol
waitin            
is a little dissapointed that he didnt get the new job
doesn't feel like working    
workin hard on the new bod! lol
brantley should be born soon due date the 6th        gettin ready for my first and last kid   lol
"tired     not getting much sleep with my baby being born on the 11th brantley michael-eugene consalo  very healthy, lots of fun "
enjoyin vacation with my wife <propfemale> in anchorage and goin to the <propfemale> wars exhibit!
workin on getting into the federal system as an employee after being a contractor for a year   my daughter <propfemale> is graduating from kindegarten tonight  feel so old lol 
trying to decide if supplements are the way to go           don't wanna spend the money 
my diet today   chicken parm with some mashed potatoes and corn lol 
got my background check done and my driving record  ready to get back into the fire company can't wait!
back day      gotta drop back down to strength endurance from maximal strength       4 weeks
see my wife <propfemale>'s <propfemale> to see more pictures 
"lovin life and my wife    my inspiration, my lover and my friend "
gonna eat lunch in this beautiful alaska weather with my <propfemale> <propfemale> lol    
finaly got back into a fire company emergency medical service   super siked!
"happiness is a decision you make, not an emotion you feel "
can't wait till my co-worker gets back from vacation so i can talk to an adult at work lol 
god doesn't bless mediocrity  god blesses excellence 
personal training business should be ready for launch in two weeks! pretty siked!
happy birthday to me  yey 27
back at my old job and lovin the computer access lol!
just went to my myspace <propfemale> and got confused since it looks exactly like facebook lol weird        
god is pretty funny sometimes       
won some movie tickets on the radio! fun way to start your day on the way to work!
signing up my second client for oct  gotta get some more marketing done before i start my emt 1 class oct  3
ready for a trip to do some real fishing in valdez this weekend!
"after watching the vmas i realize why my parents used to always say \they don't write music like they used to\""  now i feel old lol"""
can't wait to spend the weekend with my beautiful wife and three great kids! yey lt  <propfirst> band lol
"my mom has made me\laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me\fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me crazy at times(\alot of the times  smile  moms are a promise from god that you will have a\friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom, whether\         she's here with you or in heaven  i love you mom"
i'm sad that i don't get an alaska pfd yet   sad 
"its snowing in alaska, glad i put on my snow tires last week!"
excited that i get to see my mom for the first time in a couple years next month and she gets to meet brantley on his 1st b-day!
"bliss fitness and training business cards are on the way, one step closer to my big new year's fitness launch "
you must conceive it in your heart and mind before you can receive it 
"if you will change your thinking, god can change your life "
if you'll persevere      god will open doors for you 
<propfirst> does not vote    go ahead ask me why lmao
"vegas baby! kareokee or however you spell it, last night          shopping and drinkin tonight! celebratin the wife's b-day goin to the best steakhouse ever! <propfemale> <propfirst> baby! love you <propfemale> happy b-day!"
"lots of walking done, ready to eat and go listen to one of our favorite vegas cover bands, the crashers! can't wait to see my boy beemer on thursday!"
thinks he's trying to do too much before the end of the world    2 years? lol
leg day yey! ready for my beautiful wife to come back home   miss you baby!
"the bible compares the tongue to the rudder of a huge ship  although that rudder is small, it controls the direction of the entire ship, and, in a small manner, your tongue will control the direction of your life "
"behind every great man, is a greater woman yelling at him lmao"
started a new workout with my trainer this week    more tired then i've ever been in my life   gotta love the hypertrophy phase!
"hope everyone has a safe and fun new year's   goin to my first hockey game tonight    heat wave in alaska 22 degrees, 60 degrees warmer than last weekend lmao   "
i just added a new blog post! check it out: http annoyed  vsta pr ej4cgk via #microbusiness
"can't believe that <propfemale> is seven years old! they grow so fast makayla's b-day is also this week, 5 years old      man   "
"which do you prefer for cardio: bike, rower, elliptical, treadmill, stair stepper or good old fashion runnin?"
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's butt  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or iis fighting cancer, post this for at least one hour   rawr  laugh "
"\success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion   you must set yourself on fire \"""""
"everybody please keep my wife in your prayers   she's deploying in another week or 2 for 6 months, but at least she's only goin to the philippines "
"whole family has been sick all week, no fun considering its the last week i have with my beautiful bride before she deploys     "
"so if aliens showed up tomorrow does that really mean god doesn't exist, or that he didn't tell us about them?"
"well, day 1: gonna miss the love of my life these next couple months, first day is going good though    got to talk to her this mornin about hawaii where she'll be for the next few days  kids doin great so far just feels kinda weird in the house without her     "
gettin ready for the first weekend alone with the kids    lord give me the strength lol
been writing down my caloric intake trying to gain weight       it's like impossible for ectomorps! lol
"getting ready for another fun filled alaskan weekend, hopefully it stays above zero this time"
"\those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness \""\",847eee5813a5491a3cfc5718f laugh 50e07,"i personally believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this  i proudly did ??"
missing my beautiful wife  can't wait to talk to you hunny!
i am so grateful to the lord for bringing my wife into my life    i have never felt happiness like i do with her 
"even though i really don't want to     i will be in delaware black hole lol from 6 june to 14 june, so if you wanna see me save a day"
