b7fe568de4e2ea7f1e3c829740fa0079
cnat wait for the funkn waffles tomorrow!  gonna be awesome   
"hey, who's got 5th lunch"
who's got <propmale> 4th priod with seward?
"i got: 1)health- gates, j  2)algebra 2 & trig- <propfirst>, k  3)english 10r- <propmale>, h  4)german 3- seward 5)lunch 6)ap euro- magnarelli 7)chemistry- malecki, a  8a)phys <propmale> 8b)chemistry 9)princ  engineering- hudson, m "
i just realized that i need to change my profile pick   its so old and i look like a scumbag
writing chapter 23 notes for ap euro   this blows   it is gonna take all day   i haven't even finished reading the chapter
skalloween at the funk'n waffles today    sweet 
aaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!! skalloween was awesome!!!!!
ugh    just got done raking leaves    so bored    txt me or somethin
finally got some time to relax before wrestling starts 
aaaahhh! hurt my knee trying to do a double leg 540 in karate    could've been worse the way i landed    <propfemale> close to landing it though
"yep, i screwed up my knee    not sure what i did exactly, but it better get fixed before wrestling    i tell you, i am not doing that again"
skanksgiving was so awesome!!  i can't wait for the next shows!  awesome!!
"just got home from the jv tournament   at least i won a match   no bad for a first year, huh?"
3rd place in the blindman's tournament! i'm so happy!
we crushed auburn today
in pennsylvannia visiting family right now   
i am such a pro at wii golf   
thanks everybody!
i am such a pro at sonic   
"put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer ?   dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  (93% won't copy and paste this, will you?)"
thank you everybody for the birthday wishes!
happy 148th anniversary of the emancipation proclamation (or new years)!
that was insane last night
aaaaggghhhhh!! i just had one of those five hour energy shots    they taste <propfemale> horrible!!
weigh ins this morning    match today at cns
watchin the alabama-texas game
feelin horrible    just woke up with some sort of virus and felt fine yesterday    hate it when that happens
just got some sweet new vans
just got a trumpet    but no lesson for two weeks! what am i gonna do!
im broke    and i owe 2 75 on my lunch account at school   and my parnets dont know    makin lunchs and waitin till they give me a check
vikings beat the cowboys    love it    i hate the cowboys
just got a sweet new saxophone   
cant wait for the funk'n waffles tomorrow
great night last night   4 0 was awesome and so were skip town matty and <propmale> city riot   
"last meet tomorrow, against oswego   "
"just scewed up my knee again, it is extremely swollen    last time i ever suck weight"
swelling's finally going down
went to see an orthopedist    said knee will be fine by monday if i excercise it on the stationary bike
finally get my tenor sax tomorrow
got my new tenor sax    and im starting web <propfemale> design with fortais tomorrow
"?  this is <propmale>, copy paste him on  ? every comment you see so he can   \\ take over facebook"
got my permit now
"it was the summer of ‘95 (so what?!) in the backyard shaving the old plies feeling so strong something went wrong straight into my finger what a stinger it was so long i still remember that day like the day that i said that i’d swear that i’d never hurt myself again, but it seems that i’m deemed to be wrong to be wrong to be wrong so ive got to keep holding on…"
laser tag
just pre-ordered volume 1 of 99 songs of revolution by streetlight manifesto
might go to lab on saturday    anyone else wanna go?
"great fight last night    wandelei <propfemale> beat bisbing (yes!), valasquez beat noguiera (unpredictable)and <propfirst> jardine got beat by bader (it blows my mind!)"
"well, just got home from the hospital    my six uear old brother broke his femur while sledding by sledding right into a building"
i have officially sold my soul to the guanciale
i traded the rest of my cinnamin role for connor murphys soul
two snow days in a row    awesome
i cant believe canada won    i thought we actually were gonna win there a second    now we're gonna have to deal with fortais during web <propfemale>
"well i managed to waste most of the school day by donating blood    and i went to quaker steak and lube and had some awesome potato soup, pretzels with amazing cheese sauce spiked with guinness an i managed to eat 48 variously flavored wings"
"eat crayons, poop rainbows"
"friday night was awesome   abonible killer snowmen, the real deal, waffle stompers and 4 point 0    all great"
two tone capones    hope i can keep up
just got done watchin boondock saints 1 and 2
"when we drink, we get drunk  when we get drunk, we fall asleep  when we fall asleep, we commit no sin  when we commit no sin, we go to heaven  so, let's all get drunk, and go to heaven!"
here's to a long life and a <propfemale> one; a quick death and an easy one; a pretty girl and an honest one; a cold beer -- and another one!
god invented whiskey so that the <propfemale> wouldnt take over the world   
"some may say the glass is half empty, some may say the glass is half full, but the <propfemale> will forever say \are you gonna drink that?\"""""
first day of work tomorrow
funk'n waffles friday anyone?
ufc 111 tonight
gsp = god!!!  great fights tonight!
anyone got the p90x workout? i really want to get it but i dont wat to pay sixty bucks for it
anyone else stressed about getting their work in for the end of the quarter
"you  you try  you try to get by   youre never gonna pull it off you shouldnt even try  youre a wet cigarette  youre always second best  but they're never gonna give a sh*t about anybody but themselves  so you fight  for them to realize  there's more to life there's more to you there's more than meets the eye  and when youre done, the battles been won, you sit back you smile and this is what you hum, you hum   "
white castle laugh elicious
"we got the fire but it doesnt mean anything, we got the fire tonight! we wanna fight but will it change anything, will that make it alright?"
exercise
xenergy!
"i feel great! ive been losing healthy weight, gaining muscle and i feel really <propfemale>"
i ache everywhere now    and i have a wrestling tournament saturday and a track meet tomorrow
"quit yo jibba jabba, fool!"
nooooooooo!!!!! not the ap euro exam!!!!!!!!
"tested my new <propmale> 's today    180 for bench, 340 for squat and 305 for deadlift"
wretling tournament in pennsylvannia this friday
in erie pennsylvannia for a wrestling tournament
anyone know anything about ska prom?
i just got new ufc gloves  smile 
ska prom saturday
i love    lamp 
"sparring in the morning, movies at <propfirst> peterson'shouse at night, then ska prom sunday"
that was a great show    cant wit for ufc 114 now   
my accelerade is finally here   
ufc 114 tomorrow    <propmale> vs  rampage    grudge match of the year   awesome!!! (i would love to see rampage get knocked out)
i heard <propmale> bought rampage a pink snuggie for when he gets knocked out    how thoughtful
watching the ultimate fighter finale tonight    go court mcgee! next week starts the first of my many wrestling camps
"<propfirst> yager lost, great   court mcgee won, awesome    first wrestling camp this weekend, cool   "
great    the camp i was supposed to go to this weekend got cancelled
is starting to work for his dad at the warehouse
finally saw the a-team    awesome!!!
guess who has two thumbs and a new tattoo    this guy!
is thinking about getting a nutritionist   
has <propfirst> mills camp next week   
just got back from <propfirst> mills camp    learned a lot    but it was in the middle of nowhere   
is watching ghostbusters   
bloomsburg tomorrow
hates it when people mistake the wwe for actual wrestling   
just got back from work
question: what is the sexiest instrument a man can play?
is going to karate for some sparring   
"may luck be our companion,\may friends stand by our side,\may history remind us all\of ireland's faith and pride "
"here's to a long life and a <propfemale> one;\a quick death and an easy one;\a pretty girl and an honest one;\a cold beer -- and another one!"
"some may say the glass is half empty,\\some may say the glass is half full,\\but the <propfemale> will forever say\\are you gonna drink that?\"""""
"when we drink, we get drunk \when we get drunk, we fall asleep \when we fall asleep, we commit no sin \when we commit no sin, we go to heaven \so, let's all get drunk, and go to heaven!"
"here's to the four hinges of society \may you fight, steal, lie and drink \when you fight, may you fight for your country \when you steal, may you steal away from bad company \when you lie, may you lie at the side of your sweetheart \and when you drink, may you drink with me "
"\its a knee-cap!\"" -<propfirst> peterson"""
wants to grow a beard   
"in soviet russia, pants wear you!"
there are two kinds of people who talks using there hands    deaf people and italians
first rule of fight club   
"1-ap physics b-fellmeth\2-ap us history-thomas\3-english-meany\4-ap physics b (a) gym (b)\5-german-seward\6-lunch\7-pre calc-cassidy\8-study hall\9-digital electronics-mizer"
curse you apush!!!!!!
road test today   
just got his new reebok reezigs
eggs are natures hand grenades   
who's got two thumbs and is seeing reel big fish saturday    this guy
"oh my god     reel big fish was awesome!!!  i was one of the only people to get a shirt, got invited to a college party (but sadly didn''t go) and accidentally elbowed <propfirst> peterson in the chest when he pulled on my hoodie    we were so close to the front   awesome!!!"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words    what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your\friends say  (and if you make a comment you have to put this in your status  fair is fair)   smile "
gsp!!!
got the oktoberfest 5k in less than two hours    might go to the funk'n waffles after that
"just got done running the 5k, got like 24th out of about 100, and a time of like 23:15    now i'm off to stomp some waffles"
"good show    hub city stompers were great,and so were the waffle stompers , and 4 point 0     cant wait for the have nots next show   "
"\archaeologists believe that irleand was a much different place before the discovery of alcohol\"""""
"kickboxing later on, maybe go to class and gonna see if i can grapple a little bit too   "
aaaaah    there's nothing like a good ol' glass o' chocilate milk after a hard workout
is watching the league of extraordinary gentlemen   
its so hawt!!
just lost the game   
actually cant wait for open mats
if i make it to thirty without an aneurism someone better throw me a parade
"i like how am at a point where excercise is kinda like a drug to me    im makes me feel good, im addicted to it and people get angry at me when i dont stop talking about doing it"
my dog thinks that he is a person   
"has a new proclamation    in order to make mondays fun, monday will be forever known as \bongo day\""   """
"kickboxing later     might do class, not sure   "
post-workout <propmale> <propmale>+ shower= refreshment  smile 
"thats weird, like my history from the past week or so on my profile just decided to disappear   "
and now for some reason my profile has returned to normal   
"   its like that one thing that if i think about it, i cant help but feel a sinking feeling in my chest  but the thing is, i cant stop thinking about it   "
the ultimate fighter is on tonight    team gsp!
i dont know anymore   
"kickboxing later, then most likely sparring, maybe see if i can get grapping in there somewhere    i'm loving this rain right now   "
has realized that everything is more epic in the rain   
was thinking about going to the game tonight    a little too late for that   
"wants to go to the funk'n waffles tomorrow, but isnt sure if he can    anyway, kinda bored, give me a text   "
is craving kfc right now   
"\turkey-sausage to the rescue!\"""""
"have nots =awesome!! great show, cant wait for skalloween and the zombie walk    not sure what to do now    open mats monday    text me i guess"
"\poop is better than chocolate \""    god i love sloganizer lol"""
"\money doesn't buy happiness \"" \""do you live in america?\"""""
new wrestling gear finally came in   
one out of every homeless people is a veteran    like this status to show you think something should be done about this
correction to my last status: one out of every four homeless people is a veteran    like this status to show you think something should be done about this
"\'wunderbar!' he exclaimed with great relish   \"""""
"i just realized, i'm gonna be kinda alone next year, seeing as at least half of my friends right not are seniors and theyre graduating next year"
wrestling   
"ouch, my shoulder   "
who wants to see jackass 3d this weekend?
"\uisce beatha\""~ <propfemale> for the \""waters of life\""    also known as whiskey"""
"visiting lemoyne today, hopefully seeing jackass 3d later"
jackass 3d was hilarious!!!
this is why we cant have nice things!!!
set the impossible as your goal  you may be disappointed every time but you'll accomplish more than you could ever think otherwise 
"gsp is 5-1 now, having last night gotten two straight first round sumissions"
"zombie walk was great, skalloween was sick, and now court mcgee won his first official fight in the ufc"
yeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cain velasquez tkoed <propmale> lesnar in the first round and is now the new undefeated heavyweight champion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wrestling season is finally here  smile 
just lost the game   
"\how many feet are in a mile?\"" \""5","280 \"" \""not if your feet are small!\"" \"b7fe56 laugh e4e2ea7f1e3c829740fa0079,   and <propmale> brookins moves on to the finale   
gsp just systematically dismantled koschek
cant wait to get back to wrestling   
back to wrestling monday   segars im coming for ya   
tired   
facing cns a home today   
caz tournament tomorrow   
"black eye in my left eye, good sized cut above my right one   this is something i can get used to  smile "
i'm kind of a big deal    i have many leatherbound books and my apartment smells of <propmale> mahogany
ice cream   
good night and joy be to you all   
who just got money from the government? this guy  smile 
"in pennsylvannia, visiting my uncle <propfirst>   "
finally has skype
"so, went to <propmale>, nj, to an aquarium, pet and fet a stingray, went back to pennsylvannia and should be heading back to new york at the end of the day    productive day"
jus tried fresh mex    it was delicious but very filling
"i would like my facebook friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right!"
giving blood tomorrow and mohawk valley wrestling too  hope i dont mix up the two 
you know what really grinds my gears? when i cant find the droids im looking for
so apparantly you cant give blood within 12 months of getting a tattoo
happy national face five day!
wrestling 7-9
might go for a run today   nothing like running on a warm rainy day
im thinking of doing cross country next year    any thoughts?
"finally have a new phone, with internet"
"track meeting today, means track starts tomorrow"
"mohawk valley 7-9, txt me"
"got a sweet 1 inch gash on my right cheekbone now, thank you wrestling"
first day of track: not so bad  txt me
tournament in canastota today and tomorrow
first match of the day= pin in 30 seconds 
"eh, i think i might just take tomorrow off and not go to the other tournament"
had a great time with <propfirst> weir  love 
so today <propfirst> found a fake sword in the elevator and brought it to lunch and then i made him a shield with his lunch tray  funny stuff smile 
happy st  patty's day! éire go brách!
"suns out, guns out"
mmmm    fresh mex smile 
i feel    relaxed  smile 
"goodnight's sleep, now i think i'll go get some dunk'n doughnuts for breakfast"
mmmm   diner
this is your brain on ska
blah blah blah music blah blah blah ska band blah blah blah swear words
"eh, guess ska shows just aren't as fun as they used to be"
grabbing a pita
"lol, i just looked through my wallet and apparently i still have a contract that says i now own connor murphys soul lol"
"april 30th, gsps fighting <propmale> shields    kick his add georges"
"urijah fiber with a great win, <propfirst> <propfirst>es becomes the youngest champion in ufc history    good night"
got the nasonis over to watch the fights
cold weather is not good for your muscles when running
"i really hate this weather    not only was it making my muscles cramp when i ran, it is just completely messing with my reception and frustrates me"
flashback to winter    very bad for running on the track
miserable
bed now    early day tomorrow    gotta get up at 4 smile 0 to work out
i heard a plow go by    in the beginning of spring    that's not supposed to happen    
"so, despite getting up at 4 smile 0 to do my rushfit workout, going to school, then track practice,  then another rushfit program, then wrestling, it was a good day"
i think i might be trying to fit too much in one day    i think i need some vitamin c     or a couple of days off   
these pretzels are making me thirsty   
wrestling tournament today   
woot! 4th place in <propfirst> mills eastern nationals    not bad
ouch    i guess they really mean it when they say you'll feel it the next day    i guess it's a good idea to just relax and recover today    
"so, i'm dragging myself if the couch to go get some fresh mex   "
e playful losive power training!!!
"good workout    i love plyometrics!    only 3 more weeks until i am \rushfit\""    """
"ah, fitness    one of my best friends    one of the only things where i can give all i've got and it will actually give me something in return   "
"\the operation was a complete success  unfortunately the patient died \"" mr  fortais"""
snapple    delicious and informative   
remember the name   
six layer <propmale> chocolate cake= best <propmale> class ever
"so apparently, \strictly enforcing\"" has become a popular term used at baker high school    """
"\why do you cry when you know how the story ends? how can you lie when you know that it hurts your friends?"""
why do some people keep insisting on lying to me?
"getting up early again to exercise tomorrow  at least exercise gives me happiness, peace of mind, confidence and actually likes me back    unlike some people   "
"well, i got some much needed rest and a much needed early workout    and i feel a lot better   "
"meanwhile, at the legion of doom   "
time trials today    we all had to run 400s    i got 62 seconds    feel like i shouldve done better    
mmmm   chicken   
the new season of the ultimate fighter premiers to night    i might just go without watching the entire season just because lesnar is coaching   
"gsp, you better beat shields   "
abdominal strength and core conditioning   
dueling is legal in paraguay as long as both parties are blood donors    thanks for that handy fact snapple    
"\id rather be a square <propfemale> in a round hole   \"""""
<propmale> found a cactus   
selling cookie dough for our track fundraiser   
chickens keep wandering into our yard
so apparently rit does have a wrestling team     guess its something to look into   
great wrestling session at mohawk valley tonight   
"at wilkin's hyundai and subaru, we sell hyundais and subarus   "
"all in all, good day   "
bored    actually have a weekend off    anyone feel like doing somethin?
might be sparring tomorrow   finally   
beautiful day today   
bored again    text me    gotta go to pennsylvania tomorrow   
thinking about growing a beard    
so i guess we're not going to <propfemale> today    text me    
r i p  great grandma   
bored   anyone feel like doing something?
"\i love lamp\"""""
watching jackass 3 lol   
"if i were you, i would take this as a sign believe it's true, we were never meant to fly and i owe you, i know you more than anyone alive and i will not let go"
"\so what you do when they call your name and you're not ready to go? everyone will stare at you and tell you know  that you're in too deep and you can't quite keep your secrets one and all  we might just make it after all \"""""
just finished the full body strength and conditioning dvd    so much lactic acid   
the bird is the word   
waking up early so i can fit my workout in before i leave   
we are now officially in pennsylvania    
terrible reception here    talk to people when i'm at a place of better reception   
"\smooth like butta\""    something which i am not   """
finally heading back to new york   
i'm back   
like  dislike anyone?
