ef31fa0daf76b355e3ad7178b0a81c64
"happy new years everybody! i had so much fun seeing everyone last night, love you all!"
"january 3, 2008 i left klarman and have been out since  wow, so much has happened in 2 years and so much has changed  to all the amazing women i met there, i hope you are all doing well "
gets new boobs!!!
the things people do to themselves upset me so much sometimes
"like holy fuck, deans list!? haha"
"getting excited to go back to smith, but not so excited at leaving the beach so soon"
thanks all for the birthday wishes!
"the heat is a bit oppressive, but at least it's actually summer weather"
sometimes life and people are just way too confusing
swimming in huge hurricane waves is amazing
wow    cold at the beach today    is it turning to fall already?
"i'm jealous of everyone who's back at smith, but i'll be there soon enough "
"smith on monday    damn, i don't want to work tomorrow    cause then i could be at smith on sunday"
beautiful sunrise this morning
back at smith!!!
*ugh* such a boring saturday night
"swg <propmale> almost official! svd is my advisor, yay!"
who's free tuesday at noon? want to come with me to get my tattoo?
yay! new tattoo!
"dear <propfirst> christ, if tomorrow (i e  today since it is after midnight) is mountain day, i will love you forever  love <propfirst>"
ah! damn you <propfirst> christ
screw hampshire classes today
"fuck    written two pages on this damn poem, but i need at least two more pages and i can't think of a damn thing to write!!!"
"ok, one more <propfemale> written meaning at least one more <propfemale> to write    i can do this    just need to figure what else to e playful and on and then write the conclusion"
yay!!! finally finished!!! hooray!
so i have to see a neurologist for migraines that i haven't had for 4 years  fuck you jaffee
finished queer theory essay! yay!
i seriously need more eventful weekends    my life is way too boring
poo poo on you maine
fucking done with queer theory midterm!!!!!!!!
"i need a life, anyone want to help me with that?"
ahhh! hahaha! i finally finished my essay!!! fuck yeah!!!
"1 week of classes, reading period, finals, then home!"
"2 days of classes, 3 days of reading period, 1 day of finals, then home!"
"classes done! 3 days of reading period, 1 day of finals, then home!"
3 finals tomorrow than home on sunday! can't wait!!!
"1 final down, 2 to go"
"2 final down, only 1 left!!"
"officially done! head home tomorrow, surgery monday! oh my god!!! so soon!!!"
home!!!
"off to surgery, wish me luck!"
"surgery done, i'm home  thank you all for your thoughts  can't wait for everything to heal and see the results!!"
"feeling great, recovering quickly, probably will be a little while longer before i'm good to go out, but if anyone wants to come over and chill this weekend, that'd be awesome"
ack! so sick of staying in! dr  appointment tomorrow to tell me how i'm healing up    hope i can get the ok to go out!
woo!!! employed for this summer! yay ferry beach!
"yay! grades finally came out and i didn't die, even in queer theory!!! horray!"
"back to noho saturday, no class until the 25th, so people in the valley, we should chill before i lose myself in classwork again"
slept from 4 smile 0 pm yesterday until 9 smile 0 am today    haha     sooooo much sleep     and so lovely too
gah   
"ok, i'm fucking bored as hell  who's awake and wants to chat? if you're reading this, you're probably as bored as me    so yeah   "
just fuck
i'm such a nerd and totally psyched for classes to start!
"class, lunch, class, then downtown to go to the bank and get money to put on my onecard cause i desperately need to do laundry    why the fuck is laundry not free!!!!!"
i love my friends  smile 
"i am insane, absolutely fucking insane"
"another week into the semester, another week of work, but also another week closer to spring break"
"slowly, slowly, slowly my paper takes shape     why the fuck can't i think it up faster?! hmm    maybe because i'm procrastinating on facebook?"
"certainly not my best piece of writing, but i think i'm done    now to email it off   "
"reading, reading and more reading, but at least its getting done"
tu sais? j'adore l'université!
"it may be late, but my lgbt history paper is finally done! sweeeet  joyful "
"i am a bitch, and a proud one at that  smile "
hm    midterm postponed    in some ways this is a wonderful turn of events    in other ways i just wish it was done and over with
ow    i hurt  walked all around d c  today  i don't think i need to walk again for at least another month
"in light of dinner at chapin, haha     (225): tortellini makes me feel like i'm eating hundreds of little vaginas"
"so according to the discovery channel the smaller a man's penis when limp, the larger it is when erect"
got my septum pierced! i'll post a picture soon  smile 
drowning
blurple!
"some how the \tea party patriots\"" got ahold of my email address    """
i have a full size bed now  smile 
holy fucking rain dude!
"yay! got my bed frame and some fun stuff for next year, also some fun stuff for ferry beach  smile "
ow! some days    some days scooping ice cream really hurts    
how the hell is it ok to order 4 scoops of ice cream plus whipped cream and sprinkles at 10 smile 0 am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2009 2010 smith college deans list  smile 
back in <propfemale>
god the world is fucked up
so glad to be home
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
"to my ferry beach family,\i got the massive card letter poster whatever you want to call it  thank you all so much! i am hoping to visit soon  i can't make it this weekend, but maybe next  i love you and i miss you all! love, <propfirst>"
another rainy day -_- not cool with this    it's still august
off to ferry beach!  love 
at smith  love 
first day of classes  love 
bah! apparently my body thinks it doesn't need sleep
great day with my brother and sister and i got to see <propfemale> morrison yay!  love 
being sick = sucky day
feeling better-ish but the day is sucky and rainy    
why thank you cmp for making what should have been a relaxing mountain day epicly stressful!
yucky rain
i dont wanna do homework    
i  love  my cats
must i go back to class tomorrow?
god damnit i need a car
fuck this
"um     procrastination? i reeeeeeaaaaaallllllllllllllllly should be doing work     but no, here i am on facebook"
it always makes me sad when the sun sets so early
i have too many sources for my chaucer paper     need to condense   
"if anyone in chapin finds a pair of purple frame glasses they're probably mine  i have no idea where they are, but i'm almost 100% certain they are in the house  thanks"
glasses = found yay!
can't wait to be home snuggling with my kitties >^ ^<
happy thanksgiving!
crowd pleaser  wink 
while normally i love sleep i've simply been getting too much and actually need to stay awake to do my finals work    goddamnit    break can't come soon enough
finals are eating me alive     i cannot wait for this all to be over and to be home snuggling with my kitties
"archaeology laugh one, old english=almost done, gov=half way done, chaucer=fuck"
"archaeology laugh one, old english laugh one, gov=half done still, chaucer=as ready as i'll ever be for the exam (taking it at 2, wish me luck)"
"i use the word fuck in my chaucer exam    i wonder how <propfemale> will respond to that, haha"
done!
home  smile 
<propfemale> christmas!
snow snow and more snow
smith    a snow day would be greatly appreciated    i'm being lazy as fuck and don't want to trek down to the gym   
"ok, so smith you suck, and umass you suck too    class at smith, but no class at umass, but of course i received no notice that i didn't have class, so trekked all the way there to find my class was cancelled    oh joy"
most epic trip to and from the dining hall ever!
ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow
fuck yeah! my issues with spark resolved themselves!!! yay for being lazy and scared of telephones actually working out for once  playful 
insomnia i hate you
