72e94b6cb5a4561b53409d24880841c2
i just bought auto insurance   
"great food, great beer, great company a good forth of july does make   "
everybody's working for the weekend   
its a <propfemale> sunday   
"today, i wore the wrong sandles into the shower and now my good sandles are soaked   awesome     off to work "
i cannot wait until we have a <propfemale> colony and i am stationed there   i'll make the <propfemale> beer    
i'm going to kill the doggy beer can     
"unfortunately there were no photos taken of the time spent working on the house to share with everyone, but if one were to look at the house you could probably see the changes that were made and then maybe understand the time, effort, and love put into the projects "
life is short and hard like a body building elf lift your head up high and blow your brains out   
just playing yo
so sad to see the phizzy go   
finally got someone else into brewing to the point that they made their first batch tonight!
guess who has access to google wave!!!!
back in the big o!!!!!!
back in the big o    with the milk and cereal!
when you cross the street make sure that there is enough room for the oncoming car to stop you jackasses!!!
no one was hurt except the egg that fell from my front seat and was crushed by the milk i had just bought from the store 
"turkey is in the brine for overnight, gonna have the best bbq smoked turkey ever!"
boys club   
tires    who needs them    
new tires on the civic!
lazy sunday   
"another day of the grind    wish us luck again, hopefully its a real tuesday and we can get caught up on some of our backed up work"
last day of work for the holiday weekend!
"schleep    waking early to have b-fast in potown, then back to orono at some point tomorrow "
i want it to just be thursday at 4   
happy new year
i need to brew   
<propfirst>   
gonna go brew my english pale ale now   6 oz of willamette total in the kettle!
work work   
sipping a rogue dead guy ale    
not workin   
mayne today we will drink out of the keg    just because we can    it is almost ready!
keg will flow for the usa canada gold medal game!!!!!
i need to get the internets working in the apartment    no internet is killing me 
pirogies = yumms
everybody is working for the weekend   
hanging out with the family and the lady at home for the weekend   
quiet night off to bed  tomorrow grabbing stuff for a early next week brew   hooray <propmale> and 82% eff  with the new barley crusher!!! working on those hops bro   
my phone died figures i left my charger home again    almost done here in gray <propfemale> and <propfemale> are both sleeping after our walk in the woods   coming home soonish   than listening to bn for some great info on starting my own nano brewery (i just hope this helps me get a job a regular brewery) 
esb from kennebec homebrew store is boiling right now  i really hope it comes out well  didn't really feel zeth who was the manager there 
at bcb    having a great time i love and am proud if my boys
red sox baby    yeah!!
worked this morning  then lunch w  <propfemale>'s parents at city park grill  tonight nra banquet  should be a good time!
happy soggy maine day everyone
welcome to the machine   
well a great day in acadia not wasted    cadillac thunder hole sand beach bubble pond lunch in dt barharbor    atlantic brewing was closed however    good day
<propmale> to <propfirst>    go change your tampon girly boy    <propfemale> oh i have one if you need it!
laundry   
less than one  day before i see my baby
"“who cares how time advances? i am drinking ale today \- <propmale> <propmale> poe"""
at the brew with work family and <propfemale>    happy birthday baby    almost 
come on sox    
a win for the sox and a decent brew day    few things could make it better    now for bed
hanging out with maxi at <propfirst>'s for the night (puppy sitting) watchingthe game 
that is quite the rain cloud that is looming overhead   
kegging the watermelon wheat for this weekend   
oh no!! out of co2!!! gotta fill it tomorrow so i can get the watermelon carded for memorial day
"\working on a carbuerated honda is like trying to make beer taste like marshmellow and unicorn shit    you know what i mean?\"" -<propfirst>"""
brew with friends so glad to have em around me    thanks guys
happy memorial day! had agreat weekend with many loved ones   i hope all of yours are just as great! on another note the watermelon wheat went over well w  fam 
<propfemale> day in orono spent at work    ughh
done finally
finally done at work    possibly listening to @brewing network tonight
work work   
work is done now for monday night   
"well one more day of work then a fun filled week including seeing <propfemale>, rents and @acbf"
vacation!!! looking forward to an awesome week off    gray with <propfemale> acbf on saturday in boston then to visit the rents for fathers day 
busy day today i rode a horse and took a nap and a shower    who knkws what the night will hold
rainy day on vacation    could be worse it could be <propfemale> and i could be at work  2 days to acbf
with <propfirst> his car may e playful lode   
tomorrow is the big day for <propmale> and i acbf it's going to be a great time! for today hanging out with fudgey at the barn w rae
off to boston!!! here we come acbf  <propfemale> in the cockpit
at acbf its starting to heat up here looking forward to a great time!
hanging out in the sketchy motel with <propmale> and my baby <propfemale>   acbf was awesome! can't wait to bring her next year!
the morning after acbf  still amazed by how cool it was 
freedom trail    why not were here and its free!  beautiful day here in boston 
wishing my baby was here but hey tomorrow is great too  tasty crack cans   
poolside with me baby and my family   an amazing day!!!
last day with my girl   the family is off to the coast and i'm heading back home   this has been a hell of a vacation   thanks to everyone!
home again home again    feels good to be here   but i already miss the family and friends   back to work tomorrow  it was a great vacation!
off to my work function i almost forgot about it until this morning    i guess i have to do a rap of sorts at it    that should be interesting
what to do tonight? anyone around orono looking to <propfemale> out?
damnit the nlc is out of belgian yeast strains looks like a bavarian hefeweizen it is   brewing    wish me luck
i hate you mr blue aluminum can maker man    here's to you *middle finger*   
another rainy morning   
work work    something need doing?
looking forward to the weekend    now if only i ccould skip over all of work tomorrow
wow what a day at work    that was a crazy day all together  well its over now and get a visit from the beautiful one tonight and the weekend!
a walk in the bog of orono    just me and my baby! should be fun see all kinds of cool endangered fauna  then dinner and tke for a little fun!
a badass 4th of july weekend so far    hanging with loved ones chilling at the house
going to the fireworks in bangor    after 8 years it seems like i should see if they are as good as l as fireworks    fun night with loved ones
rain rain bring the stupid humidity away! nlc is out of base malt until next week stupid canadian taking all my malt   
ok i'm bored now amd you should be here
nice rainy day out good for watching movies    too bad i couldn't ne brewing    stupid canadian
screw it gray is a great idea
great visit     good luck nbf girls too bad i have to go to work
"back to work    back to work    i should make a song about it    id call it \back to work\"""""
"drinking a unibroue maudite, first impression is wow! where are they hiding the alcohol in there? this tastes smells like a 5% beer awesome!"
drinking a shipyard fuggles ipa at dewys in portland    with my baby!
haircut and beard trim! work is calming down a little oxxfest with my baby this weekend!this week is shaping up to be much better than last!
crawling down rt 1 towards oxxfest
finally the weekend what a work week that was   time to kick back and enjoy the breeze on this finally cooling off evening!
strikewater heating up    simple smash all pale malt and all chinook ipa   should be a keeper!
relaxing at home with <propfemale> and papa biz
i want it to be the weekend again   
powers out at tke    however brewing doesn't need power just propane    brew on my brothers!!
brewing second time this week! jamil's nutcastle recipe   crushed with <propmale>'s mill   this should be a good time
tux sizing    fun stuff
bubba the bn army dog    brewingnetwork
little <propfemale> without a name    so far what will we call you?
work on a saturday? i thought i got a job at the bank so i'd have weekends free?
gonna watch the sox kill the yanks while my baby and my <propfemale> sleep  
only 2 more days of work left then party in old port for charlies bachelor party!!!
i'm officially on vacation!!!!
now leaving orono  next stop    picking up philipodante  then portland get prepaired you have never seen the likes of us before   
<propfirst> doesn't know    don't tell <propfirst> <propfirst> doesn't know
go karting was amazing now to the old port    charlies bach party is now in full force
first stop    $3 deweys
i found dj verbadum    at the <propfemale>    stop #2
#3 is opt
obvious next stop was the purple catepillar
well the night ended with a crazy cabby trying to tell us he wouldn't hjave a problem killing us if he had to   
but he couldn't and he dropped us off at dennys (20 feet from our room luckily) and everyone is now passed out 
wish i could be in bed with a special person   <propfirst> is now ready to get married  thanks to all those who could make it out for him!
best man and last man awake saying much love to you all for following along with our adventure
i will say that keeping a log of the places we went and the things we did would have been easier if i wasn't so worried about my phone dying     i could have posted pictures of the shenanigans as well  oh well fun was had by all regardless of how it was documented
going to <propmale> pythons spamalot with <propfemale>  smile  so excited!
smackfest for free!! downtown bangor waterfront working at the golddigger    come on down
thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday!  i had a wonderful time and the only was it could have been better would been having more of you people around to <propfemale> out with 
relaxing for my final day of vacation   tomorrow work for a half day then to portland until thursday for work training 
guess who's driving a charger for the week    that's right me baby!
lazy halloween saturday so far     tonight should be a decent night with some wine and friends and wine   lets hope next week brings some happy news!!!
making a chocolate portrt for my baby based on jamils recipe for brown <propmale> adding chocolate at kegging 
hi mom
"well my room in tke is pretty sweet, well why wouldn't it be its mine   some more stuff to move and also have to get my storage space (old room) reorganized   it will be a busy morning but for now to celebrate with a few spirits   "
to pick up fester from the hospital    hopefully 
happy thanksgiving i hope everyone gets to see loved ones or at least gets to eat a shit ton of food in celebration of a day off from work!
mash started on jamil's cream ale    thanks to the guys down at @farmhousebangor
homebrewed oatmeal stout    it'll pick up when they realize what they're missing out on
mashing and am  ipa while kegging my cream ale life is good   
cleaning my room
what a day it has been    up nice and early 430 to stoke the wood stoves then at 7 to go up to the barn to take care of the horses   then lunch and a quick siesta followed by feeding the horses again   oh and did i mention all the damn snow!
tron!! with my baby
bones    after dinner bones  be kind please rewind
first tatoo pics to come later when i get the bandage off
@farmhousebangor congrats!  now i'm really going to be poor   
“who cares how time advances? i am drinking ale today \\,72e94b6cb5a4561b53409d24880841c2,snow day out of work early!!
brewing up my special bitter from jamil's recipe   reusing the wlp002 from the ordinary bitter brewed a few weks back   exciting!!!
"change your profile picture to a photo of your pet, or any other animal  the idea is to not have any humans pictures on facebook until february 28 to cooperate with the campaign against animal abuse  if you are also against animal abuse, copy and paste this message on your wall "
i'm about to watch burlesque    my manhood is safe right
2 more days then vacation    heres goes one of them 
vacation      beans and beer? perhaps yes i think   
