cdb738588778e939c84800e796def43d
off to work again 
"i hate dishes  that's it  dishes suck  unless you have a dishwasher or live alone  then it would be simple and easy   oh, laundry blows too  unless you have a washer and dryer  i need a maid that doesnt mind working for free or a <propfemale> godmother "
i need to write a cover letter and resume for the dream job that will fix my life  its so important to me that the idea of having to simplify why i want and need this career into one little cover letter is overwhelming  how do i e playful lain on one sheet of paper how much this means to me without sounding desperate or insane?  then there's all the other life issues i have to deal with  its enough to drive a woman crazy!
im worn out and very glad i have no work tomorrow  of course i have a list of chores and errands that needs work  i keep making these to-do lists and nothing gets crossed out  and if it does then theres always something else to take its place  a vacation sounds great right now 
"i never realized how many great pics of great people i have  im trying to bring them over to here   fun fun fun   we went to the dali museum today, i haven't been since 98, then we played at the park   it was a spectacular day "
needs a body transplant  ugh 
"work sucked, still not feeling well  i'm not sick yet just not well  i need my meds    now i have chores to do  avoidance! i watched an amazing movie last night called the air i breathe  if you like deep, thought-provoking movies then you have to watch this  i was moved "
"im trying to relax, thats never easy  i'm rainless this weekend   sad   what am i going to do? 2 days off with no rain?!!  i know what id really love to do    sleep  thats not going to happen though  its list time!  yay, i love making lists   organizing my thoughts on paper makes my mind settle down  that and algebra "
alright i think i'm done with pic uploader  that was a pain in the ass  in desperate need of nutrition    hanging out with <propmale> and <propmale> tonight  pool party madness!
"i decided that i am going to dress up for halloween   yay!  no sitting at home being mopey!  <propfirst>, <propfirst> and i did something completely out of character today  we went to the mall,  eww but just because the halloween store is there  and to top it all off    we had beers at hooters   i'm not lying  we went to hooters at the mall    we shouldve taken a pic, cause that will never happen again "
"i havent been this hyperly overtired in a very long time  didnt get very much sleep last night and then i worked from 6 am till well, about 30 <propfemale>  ago  and i have to be back at work at 6 am tomorrow  ugh! it was a fun day though!"
"wheres my sandman!!!   need sleep    right now   have to be on time   im actually planning on being worthless tomorrow    i will do noone any good  i might leave early to sleep   i will be on time though, i will be on time, i will be on time "
i took the day off to rest  going to do the mommy stuff and then come back home and sleep this approaching cold away  come on immune system! you can do it! fight!
11 hours of sleep!  had haunting dreams of an extremely insane ex-boyfriend  mood laugh isturbed 
"i bought the perfect halloween costume and probably spent way too much money on it  i decided not to be a robot, cause im not coordinated enough to learn the dance "
this distractosaurus is feeling surprisingly affectionate towards the tooth <propfemale> 
my house was broken into last night  im feeling very overwhelmed at the moment  the small favor is that rain and i weren't there because we don't have any electricity since i'm out of money   haha  my life is a mess 
is couch hopping again  i just want to go home! i hate this feeling  house hunting today and hopefully tomorrow after work   blah!
does anyone have a wide brimmed brown hat that my boyfriend could borrow? for halloween its important and id make sure you got it back     thanks
in need of 1 brown hat     halloween related  please and spanks
"house hunting!  if anyone knows about an apartment (not in a big complex) or a house thats for rent, please let me know   its crazy important  asap! rain and i need a home   *sad face* i'm very picky though  it has to be perfect "
"still house hunting, ugh   electricity will be on tomorrow  i will have my man with me but i'll also be sleeping with knives and a barricaded front door   can i borrow someone's big dog???   i want to feel safe!"
is having a great life 
"ugh, finally home after working from 7 smile 0am to 9:40pm  my feet hurt, i'm sick with a sinus infection for the first time in years, my glasses are broken, a coworker rammed a chair into my brain this morning, i hit my head on a shelf later on cause i cant see, and just now i stood on my bed and was almost decapitated by my fan   today sucks"
"is moved to tears over being forgiven for past mistakes  wow, that was a long time coming  now, getting this mess of a room cleaned and laundry "
best buy on black friday for 10 hours = what i imagine hell to be like   and my ipod is broken    i'm very glad today is over 
is sick and tired of feeling sick and tired 
is putting up a christmas tree! and the weather outside is frightful 
durty <propfemale>'s tonight with <propfirst> and hopefully <propfirst> and <propmale>!
this bad luck streak i'm having is really testing my <propfemale>  something really miraculous needs to happen very soon to balance this out  like winning the lottery or something  i wouldn't mind that 
is finally feeling christmasy! and extremely thankful!
"is crazy excited to see the look on rain's face in the morning  i believe i'll have the happiest, most surprised child in a ten-block radius  thank you, thank you, thank you  and <propfemale> christmas everyone!!!"
"rain taught me how to make smores tonight, and i taught her that a snickers bar in the middle is absolutely amazing "
is regretting agreeing to overnights at work 
"second job and new home hunting starting monday, ugh    i need to get this stuff done, yesterday!"
"i got a new job!  i start tomorrow, its full time with benefits, more pay, and the hours are perfect and stable  nice   plus house hunting like crazy right now   moving stinks "
"i'm overwhelmed and its showing physically  full time mothering, a full and part time job along with a house full of chores, ugh  now i have to go to doctors and make them fix me  or ask them to kill me  something has to work, not surgery related please "
saying goodbye to <propfemale>  i hope there are a million people to lick and be petted by where you've gone and people will always have string for you to <propmale>  i love you and will never forget you  <propfemale> bastien 10 04-2 21 10
"busch gardens today for rains birthday!  that was a blast, now ready to sleep and tomorrow hanging with the family "
"i can't wait till it warms up more, i'm ready for the beach  spring is coming, mmm, heat and sunshine, i'm excited "
"its been a crazy awful week of police cars and paperwork but hey, i bought a new computer tonight    smile )  and another ipod to replace the one that got run over, 160gb this time so i defnitely won't run out of room  haha <propfirst>, i win!  it's like christmas!!!!!!"
"got my hairs cut!  thanks <propfirst>, you're the bomb diggity of hair magicians, and of course, so much better than chocolate  color next  the silver unicorn hairs have to go "
"after work this sunday i'm dedicating my day to the sun and ocean  anybody up for a beachy afternoon?  i'll bring lots of sunscreen, music and some beers  it'll be grand!"
it better be <propfemale> tomorrow    i'm solar-powered 
"took care of ancient debt from the couch-hopping days  thats so amazing   finally  next, new glasses, dentist and get my neck fixed  then car stuff  everything is so handled and under control it's a little unnerving "
"i'm irritated that i just spent 106$ at the walk-in clinic for them to tell me what i already knew   i basically spent that money on the prescription that they made sure to let me know was free  i guess thats a small favor  if i didn't have a fever i might have had more energy to argue with them  thanks bayfront walk-in clinic for my 106$ free presciption, i'll be sure to never come to you again "
"is terrified of big decisions, change and failure  but i faced all that today and it's gonna be alright "
"went to court today, everything was dropped, yay! i had a good laugh during the whole process though, the guy in front of me had a shirt on that said convicted on the back   i tried to take a pic but it didn't come out  i thought it was hilarious though "
it's gonna be a busy <propfemale> weekend 
my work is looking to fill a few administrative positions  if you're responsible and interested send me a message 
happy mom's day to all the mommas  thanks mom for being wonderful and amazing  i love you more than raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens!
taking rain to the orthodontist for braces!
"i could sleep but there's way way too much to do       it's list time! yay! i love making to-do lists, it makes handling things so much more efficient  i just get so busy handling those things, i lose the list "
"im about to eat the last three slices of key lime pie, and i'm very happy   smile "
took a nap today for the first time in forever and holy crap it felt amazing!!!
"grrrrrr        and more grrrrr, today is not going as planned  my perfection percentage is low  no good! argh!"
"much better now, hanging out with rain always reminds me that everything is wonderful "
i had to go to a christian counselor when i was 16ish and the last time i saw him he told me there was no hope for me   i believe i've proved him wrong 
"woke up way too early after a work nightmare, thats irritating  today's my daddy's birthday also, i miss him  if he was here everything would be so different  nobody calls me shortcake anymore  tell your parents you love them as much as you can, people don't do it enough "
wishing for a longer weekend  i didn't get enough done 
"i'm staying up too late, guarding my house    watching splash, i'm a free-spirit "
so what in the hell does fml mean? i see it all the time but i guess i'm old so i can't figure it out   for my love? fart monkey licker?  what does it mean???!
"wow, i'm really really worn out  today was nuts and tomorrow is going to be even busier   and i'm working 9 to 9 since there's still so much to do that i didn't finish today "
"\let us devote to unselfishness the frenzy we once gave gold and underpants \"""""
"strange, wonderful, terrifying things are occurring in life, and my car hydroplaned tonight, numerous times while driving on the highway in the torrential downpour we had  i really really have to get new tires "
is packing   smile 
"is feeling a little displaced, rain says to pretend like we're on vacation, i think that's great advice "
"i just have to say, for those who do not know this, the left <propfirst> of a highway is for the faster drivers  do not get into this <propfirst> if you are going slower than everyone else  it makes me hate you, and i don't want to hate anything "
"rain and i took a walk tonight in downtown clearwater     um yeah  there is absolutely nothing there, really! it made me miss downtown st  <propmale> so much, the <propmale> and museums and shops and venues and well everything except for the area surrounding my ap<propmale>ment  other than that downtown st  <propmale> is still amazing "
\we can complain because <propfemale> bushes have thorns, or \cdb738588778e939c84800e796def43d,"i finally realized that i'm really in control of my own <propfemale>  it isn't just a nice idea someone had to put on paper but it's really true  i can make things happen or i can choose to let things happen to me  i've had enough of letting things happen to me  what a gynormous win today  i'm not a victim of circumstance, i had control the entire time i just never realized it until today   wow "
needs a mountain to climb 
is listening to old records in my new home   finally feeling more settled  *sigh*
has internet again!  yay!
off to get boxes and a wireless router  then to the old apt  to pack up everything  tomorrow is moving day!
was viciously attacked tonight    by a cat   it was insane!! will have to go get checked for rabies tomorrow 
"not looking forward to moving more this weekend, but everything has to be out of there by sun  night  then cleaning monday  no fun at all "
"the weather has affected my plans    i really need some sunshine, tomorrow please "
happy 4th of july!!!!! bring on the fireworks!
<propfirst> and i do not have rabies  just to let you know 
the kittens are being born right now!!!! yay babies!
"5 babies were born! go milla! now to give them away, who wants a kitten?!  free kittens! 4 to choose from "
"if anyone is interested, my work is looking for some people to fill a few admin type positions  send me a message   smile  also free kittens!"
today i said goodbye to <propfirst>  the world has lost an amazing person  it was a beautiful ceremony  rain kept on giving me her hand to squeeze since i was obviously emotional    
"then i got to do something that would have made him so happy for me since it was one of those things he wanted to help me with  i got to <propfemale> out with my birth father and 2 of my little brothers! we played <propfemale> pong and actually <propmale> out, something i've been ho<propfemale> and trying for since i was 12  wow, and more wow "
"6 years ago today i lost the most important man in my life and everything turned upside down  it's been 6 hellish years of learning how to live without him  now at almost 30, i think i'm finally getting the <propfemale> of it  this life is an amazing gift and even with all the pain and hurt, i wouldn't trade it for anything  if life was easy there would be nothing to learn and i've learned so much "
"busy, busy day and it ain't over yet  now to clean a room and put stuff away  i probably have 5 car loads still to go and then cleaning  at least i'm halfway there  yay!"
"is trying to go to bed early  no cleaning, no carrying, no running up and down three flights of stairs  i deserve to be in bed before midnight  besides rain cleaned a ton today which is awesome! that's my girl! even though she did it for a video game i still really appreciate it "
"needs a second job, does anyone know of any places that are hiring in largo or clwtr  that one could work till 2 or 3am ish  i guess serving or something  oh yay    i do not like today at all   i have a headache now  you know what would make my headache go away?   child support  i think that would help "
i'm playing my guitar and singing and i already feel better  i got this handled  i can handle anything 
"this overly emotional day is almost over  thank goodness  i have my baby back  this weekend's gameplan includes second job hunting, laundry, hopefully getting the old apartment really done, cleaning, cleaning, paying bills, etc  etc  right now taking the rest of the day off  i need to clone myself and win the lottery "
"rain just got me to watch avatar, i wasn't e playful ecting much  i figured, i've seen <propfemale> gully, it's the same difference  she swore that it was the best movie ever  she was wrong about that but i was entertained  not as bad as i e playful ected, shallow fun i guess, no thought process needed to stay interested   i give it a 6 out of 10 "
"1 carload of stuff done today, laundry, then another carload, then clean and put stuff away  must remember to eat sometime  need a battle plan for tomorrow, it's going to be even more hectic "
"shew! so i definitely spent 35 dollars at the laundromat tonight  but anything that could be washed that came out of the old apartment is now fresh and clean  more stuff is moved, things are getting organized  i threw out so much junk from that place it's insane  i'm trying to create my home again  we're almost there  just a little bit more "
with <propmale> and a truck everything will be out of the apartment tonight  thank the gods and goddesses  finally  then i'll do a quick clean of the hell hole and i'm done!  i could cry right now i'm so glad it's almost over 
"i'm needing my piano back now  time to dig it out, poor abused piano  she will be needing a doctor "
"its my weekend! hooray! i'll make a battle plan tonight for everything that needs to get done this weekend  thankfully, rain pretty much cleaned the entire house so thats done "
"cooking yummy spaghetti, my house smells delicious!"
my birthday is in 10 days! what should i do??? karaoke? bowling? house dance party? i have no clue what to do   dirty 30!! ack!  i should sleep instead and ignore it 
is very full from goat cheese spinach pizza  mmmm  ready for bed now 
"i'm really trying hard to think positively, but holy cheezus, i just need something to work out right  i try so hard and i bust my butt every day and it's killing me  then to think it's all for nothing, i'm still losing my baby because of her school situation, i still don't have money or anyone to help and i have no clue what the right choices are because the consequences are all crappy "
tears accomplish nothing 
got the old apartment done last night!
okay i know exactly what i want to do on my dirty 30 and i need help  i just realized it's been way to long since i got to go out and dance  i just wanna go crazy and dance on my birthday  where do i go?
not feeling well at all   but i got new tires and a long overdue oil change  thank goodness  no more hydro-planing in the rain and flat tires to fill up in the rain 
"does anyone know about asus computers?! i need help right away, i think i just ruined my computer   help!"
probably not going to end up doing anything for my birthday    sad   oh well 
2 hrs  and 40 minutes till i'm 30    eeek 
"making cincinnati chili for the week  yummy  smile   i had a wonderful birthday weekend, thank you for all the happy birthdays!"
"crossing my fingers and toes and praying to the gods and goddesses   either way big changes are coming  i very possibly will be back at best buy part time, as long as they can provide me the hours i need "
"rain and i need help, we can't agree on what to name this kitten  first she wanted aloha, i said that's a girl name  i wanted beefcake, she said no  now we can't decide between button or zipper  so we're leaving it up to my facebook friends  i want button, she wants zipper   what do you think?"
"had an awesome time bowling with my rain and my best buy friends  overall today was a really great day  got stuff done and had fun, couldn't ask for more "
made rain breakfast in bed! cinnamon rolls and strawberries  i'm so lucky to have such an awesome little girl  taking her to the orthodontist then hopefully it'll stop raining so we can go swimming 
"rain starts 6th grade tomorrow!  whoa   i wish i could just put her on pause  or rewind, i swear it feels like just yesterday that she started kindergarten  all advanced classes and the magnet program  i'm so proud   smile "
i've got the power   to move you   *proceed with air guitar*  tenacious d is in my brain! i  love  <propfirst> black 
life is so amazing sometimes!   i went from being totally despondent filling out my best buy application to jumping up and down and crying happy tears in the span of about 5 minutes  i get my baby back now!
i am worthy 
you can use my skin to bury secrets in and i will settle you down
"i sat watching a flower as it was withering\i was embarrased by it's honesty"
"ignoring the persona you wore for my benefit\for once i had the balls to call it, just call it\but a lesson must be lived, in order to be learned\and the clarity to see and stop this now, that is what i've earned"
the kittens are ready! <propfirst> gets noodle (named by rain  smile ) and <propfirst> gets the girl  there's 2 little boys left that need a home so please let me know if you're interested 
going swimming! if rain can manage to get ready before it gets cloudy  jeez what a turtle 
"for all the moms out there, do you ever think about how much you love your children and feel like your heart could really burst out of your chest? and the most important thing is to make sure they become happy, well adjusted adults despite how crazy life can become? or am i just weird?"
i keep on typing things out and then erasing them because they're too intense  the only way i could feel worse would be if something destroyed my home and i lost my job  that would finish off tonight with a bang  thanks gods and goddesses for keeping me on my toes  if things had been going good for too long i could've gotten used to it 
is fixing this  hopefully 
"i'm prepared for battle, and my ammo is his past self fit inside a little box "
"finally got a moment to take off my heels about a half hour ago, ugh     i made a pretty amazing dinner though, and plenty of leftovers yay!"
has anyone ever heard anything about people to people international? rain got a thing in the mail tonight stating that she had been chosen to go on a trip to europe through her school  some websites say it's a scam and others say it's totally worthwhile  anyone ever heard of it?
watching <propfemale> eagles    very happy now 
"i absolutely love arguing the bible  don't even get me started mr  man, i'll destroy you with knowledge "
i would love to someday have a manicure and a pedicure  apparently those types of things are something women like  i hope to someday be able to splurge on something trivial like that 
"got a computer at work finally!!! and a printer! thank you world, i actually sent and received communications without having to leave my course room! and then i printed things!  it was beautiful  and i was happy "
"i thought my computer couldn't become more bad-ass  it's fixed and then some, apparently the system restore disks i had were for some other computer, i guess when i exchanged it something got mixed up  the ex put it back together again and added tons of new programs and other stuff that i was needing "
"2 kittens down, 2 more to go  let me know if you're interested  they are super cute and sweet "
"today was ultra crappy, but the moment i got rain in the car, all was better  took her out to dinner at cha-cha coconuts  it was fun, i wish i had a camera for when she put whipped cream on my nose from the key lime pie   i got her back though, take that rain! now we're going to watch a movie    this is just what i needed "
"my neck hurts so bad!!!!  i'm never sleeping on the couch ever again, this sucks   sad "
"was at the grocery store earlier and rain wanted fudgesicles, apparently they only make no fat, no sugar ones now   sad   then we needed ranch dressing and all they had was low fat   what the hell! where's the love for the skinny girls???  i need my fattening  stuff!"
"i bought a crock-pot tonight, i'm very excited to use it   smile   got rain ready for luau day tomorrow   i made a hair piece for her out of orchids  she's wearing my hula skirt from hawaii that i got when i was 9ish  i'll be taking pics "
"i'm loving rain's spirit week at school, she was the cutest nerd i've ever seen this morning, and i'm definitely stealing those suspenders "
"i think i actually just liked and was a bit inspired by a show i just i just saw on mtv   i really like the world of jenks, from what i've seen so far anyway   i'm really surprised, i absolutely hate mtv "
"i am no longer a smoker! i will accomplish this, one lollipop at a time  i know i can, i just had a really big test too  some crazy woman was messaging me and accusing me of really insane things   if i was going to smoke it would have been then "
"cooking with the new crock-pot, trying out a new recipe  2nd day no smokes  i'm sticking it to the tobacco companies! you don't get $2,190 per year from me anymore "
"oh my goodness! rain's homework is driving us crazy!, it's 10:43 and we still have language arts to do!!!  open house really messed with our schedule "
"having a grand time with my andrea   i  love  her   i got to go out last night, my one outing per month   i wanted to take pictures and i had my camera but i was too busy having fun to take pics   smile "
"i want to throw a pumpkin carving party! i must get this organized, fast "
is happier than a sea-gull with a french fry 
i'm coming home to st  <propmale> this week! no more largo and driving rain halfway across the county to school  also crossing my fingers for my dream job at either the library or haslams  i have a meeting with the owner tomorrow at 5  it's all coming together like a giant puzzle piece 
my boyfriend is the most awesome boyfriend in the history of time   seriously 
almost done with the move!  just a little bit more  then it's more job-hunting and house organizing  there's so much to do and not enough hours in a day  i also really want someone i know to take these kitties  that way i'll be sure they get to a good home 
"making rain jambalaya, i think i got all the pics up from the past month  that was a big job and i still have to go back through and make sure i didn't miss anything from both computers  the music room is done also so the house has become way more livable  happy sighs "
had another crazy weekend   very ready for monday  it's time to get stuff done!
i have a sinus infection and possibly an ear infection and it's all turning into either bronchitis or pneumonia  i've already lost 5 pounds and thats really bad  i just want to feel better    now!
had my orientation training thing at best buy tonight   it feels good to be back  i had missed my friends   smile  almost over this sickness too  just have a very nasty sounding cough to get over  i feel all around amazingly better 
had an amazingly fun time in <propmale> last night  thank you to <propfirst> for providing me with enough liquid courage so i could get on stage with a mic'd up typewriter and wear a gas mask  i wanna do that again 
the house is finally looking like a home    there will be a big home-warming party coming up very soon 
"got paid! we get a xmas tree now!!! i want to bake cookies and decorate after buying some x-mas presents   smile  yay, now i feel festive "
"these overnights at work are really driving me nuts  i have to miss out on all the awesomeness and i can no longer sleep at night   sad  it'll stop soon though and things can be back to normal  i can't wait, i feel like an organizing vampire "
<propfirst> got me old skool roller skates!!!  its a very <propfemale> christmas!
"so far this week i have applied for college, filled out a fafsa, deferred an old school <propfemale> preventing me from getting financial aid for said school, had an interview for government assistance, set into motion getting an old life insurance policy from 6 years ago paid to me and got an appointment for the kitties to get fixed tomorrow  plus cooking and cleaning and all the daily responsibilities "
my <propfemale> is out of default status so i can get financial aid now! and the kitties had their surgery so no more babies!  *does a classic <propfemale> dance*
"i'm the luckiest girl in the world  i couldn't ask for a better daughter, she's seriously the most amazing little person in the world  then i get luckier and find the most amazing man in the universe  thank you rain and <propfirst> for making my life happy and complete  i finally have the perfect little family "
