16bb07eff20d4ee73138c65d1ecb2a58
its just 2 cold!!!!!
twilight sucks
im gonna kill <propmale>! he snuck onto my computer! im gonna have to do some <propmale> damage control!
i got a new haircut 
making a bacon log!!!! we invented it a month ago  i call it heart attack log!
happy 4th!
have to finish my book report soon so i can go outside on a beautiful day like today  i luv it when i get rained on!
went to game cafe yesterday  really fun  played halo
omg!!! my young women in <propfemale> group is going is going to sing at a t bones game in august  so excited! gotta practice the <propfemale> spanngle banner!
i can't wait till i get to go back to <propmale>! i have just been so happy and upbeat lately  maybe its because all of the kids at <propmale> are sooooo awsome and nice 
<propmale> is driving me up the walls! i cant wait 4 him to go back to summer school!
i am soooo bored!
went down to lske jacomo for driving lessions  i went into 3rd gear!!!  playful 
i cant wait  <propmale> starts on the 17th! im <propfemale> excited!
just got done with the lab work  they took lots of blood  ill get the results on the 12th
 love  luv the warm weather  going to take a walk with my bffuf 
i walked 7 <propmale> yesterday  feet hurt like crazy!!!
talking to my besties  luv ya u guys!
great day for a walk 
tired  had a really bloody dream and didnt sleep much  my eyes are now half open 
really sleepy  gonna catch some zzzzs
 love  just another lazy day  i think ill finish writing my book   love 
just got back from the orthadontist  got spacers put in  ill get some pics later 
i find it amazing when people are distracted they can misplace things (like the mayo in the freezer) o smile 
"very busy this week  tues orentation at <propmale>, wed doctor appointment and friday is my first half day of school "
 love  orientation tonight! im so happy!  smile 
bck from orientation! my scheduel is sooo awsome!!! i start off with womens choir  i luv it!!!!! im in house theta 
im magicly delcious!
getting ready for my first day of school! so exctided!
just got b ack from <propmale>  it was sooooooo aswome!!!! i really like all my teachers and all my classes  i think im going to luv going there for the next four years   smile 
 love   love  jakey is at the cousins house so i get to relax and enjoy sitting on the couch while i still can   love   love 
back from a sleep over at my bffuf's house  we were soooo random! fun!!!!
last lazy sunday   crying  oh well it was great while it lasted 
making pizza for dinner  the douigh is perfect!!! b)
" love   love  wow!!! today was my offical first full day of school! i am tired, but i luv it! i walked home today   smile   love   love "
finished my second full day of high school! i really love it there!
"got my braces on today! they hurt when i try to chew hard food, so im having soup tonight! school was good today "
got done i just got done with my research on obama's health care plan  i really really like it  if you want to know how it works inbox me!
today <propmale> joined me and mom on our daily walk   again  i luv that kid but he gets to be a little much! lol
" love   love  i am soooo happy! today in competive debate, i beat out a republican on the topic of health care! he was an annoying little thing, but i did it! lol  smile   love   love "
"school was good today  found out that the guy i like shares a locker patric blow, one of my old friends at nativity  anywho, school was good and i have a big project coming up for my pre ap english!  smile  i  love  <propmale>!"
im addicted to frakle!
open house tonight!!! fun for the whole family!!!
"tired, had a busy week!!!!  love "
urg! i feel terrible! i hav to stay inside today   sad  the weather is nice  doc appiontment at 10:50 today 
staying home today again! this flu is kicking my butt!!!!
home again but i think this will be my last day! i got my temp down to 98 4!!!!! im so happy that im going back to school soon! its been very quiet here 
"i was back at school today!!! then when i walked home, the sun felt sooo good on my skin that i started to burst out into song randomly   smile "
tgif! even tho it was a two day week for me lol!!!
i dont get it  why would  you not want to see obama talk to your kids about their education? its not like he is going to brain wash us  its becuase he's a democrat isn't it  well news flash! the republican party is worse! they did 8 years of nothing!!!! and weren't going to start!!!!
back from santicalagon! my feet and back r killing me!!!
i am sooooo tired!!! going to bed early tonight 
this has been a long week!!! no rest this week end!
just got done with the st  marks youth group bussines day  soooooo tired!!!!
"geez!!! i was busy this week end! first, i had to go to a debate lession, then sight singing, home coming, cantored today, watching the game (of coarse) and im going to a ncyc meeting tonight  ill sleep in next week end   i hope "
took the bus today for the first time this year becuase it rained  yuck 
 love  zzzz nothins goning on for tonight! so ill take this time to sleep!!!  love  zzzz
not much home work today and thats was about all that was good about today  sad 
yeah for the weekends!!!
guess what guys? i made it into camrada(competive choir)!!! this is the best day ever!!!!!!!!!  love   love   love   love 
just got back from choir practice! they cast me to me soprano 1 instead of 2!
"trying to get some opions here    well, and facts  i want to know what all of u think about all this new technology  do u think that it will replace human interaction? (im doing this for debate so be honest!!!)"
"hello, how may i enlighten you today? thats going to be my new answering message for my cell!  smile "
the one day when my little brother is out of the house and there nothing on tv!!!!!!!
my concerts at 7 tonight at <propmale>! im soooo excited!!!!!
 playful 
mmmmm   biscuts and gravy for breakfast!
"is wondering, what if????"
going to work at the fish fry!!!! 4-9
just about every one in my my family has a birthday in october! im out here all alone in decemeber!  crying 
"havent been on facebook for a week, so to make up for lost time   happy bday to sis, <propmale> and grandpa  i worked the fishfry last night, and i went to my grandpa snow's house today  thats all and whats with the news feed thing and tag thing?"
i luove this time of the year  its so beatiful and soft  the colors of the trees inspire music and poetry! mmmm!!! the smell of fall in mo  is the best!!!!
ok  so to all my buddies at truman   what iare you allergic to? i dont want to kill you with my food!  playful 
"going to ncyc today  just got done packing, now on to my homework!"
im home!!!!! ncyc was the awsomest!!!!!
happy thanksgiving!!!!mmmmmm     turkey!!
im so excited!!! my party is tommorrow!!!! i am cleaning my whole house and cooking like crazy!
got two teeth pulled today   sad  my teeth hurt and i can't go to the lock in and i miss  love  <propmale>  love 
i am missing some one right now  hth did some one like him end up liking someone like me?
thank god!!! finals are over!!!!!! yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah!!! i finally get to sleep in!!!!!
just came home from shopping with my bffuf!! but now my little brother's friend is over here   sad 
<propfemale> christmas every body!!! last night was soooo great!!! we forgot to record the coventry <propfirst> though!  laugh  oops  lol
so bored!!! my bffuf is out of town   crying 
is anyone throwing an awsome party new years <propfemale> and can i come?  playful 
just got back from babysitting! sooooo tired!!!
happy new years <propfemale>!!!!
my new year's resolution is to not bite off more then i can chew   annoyed  this is going to be a challenge 
my hair is really really red!!!  laugh  pics promised
taking down the christmas tree   sad 
"haha! sorry kids, u got to go back to school tomorrow and i get to stay home!!!  playful "
are you  serious? no school tomorrow? i am sooooooo bored!!!!!!!!!  playful 
"im so cool, to bad that its freezing!!!!"
does anyone from <propmale> know if the dance on fri is still on or not?
"if i have one more day off, i am going to die of boredom"
i am sooo bored plus i miss all my friends!!!!!  playful 
when will it stop snowing?!?
help!!!! im snowed in with my very loud and very annoying little brother and he is watching and singing stupid songs!!!!!!
really missing my friends right now!!!!  crying 
my little brother thinks hes a gummi bear!!!!! help!!!!
bored  no dance tonight   crying  oh well  i hope i have school monday  (knocking on wood)
ywih are having a program tomorrow!!! fun!!!!  smile 
well it finally stopped snowing!!!  smile 
"just got back from my benefit concert!!! we raised over $5,000!!!!! yeah!!!!!"
 smile 
life is soooo dramatic!!!!!
i am going to do a solo for compitions  any suggestions on what i should do?
going to court warming tonight!!!! this is going to be really fun!!!  smile 
"weird week  first lunch with <propmale>, then <propmale> asks me to be his debate partner( i think he has a death wish or something) and tomorrow is the carrer fair  fun!!!!  playful "
the past two days hav been really great!!!  smile 
my house  is haunted!!! the blender turned on by itself!!
sooo bored!! doggies are in though  they are soooo cute!!
family nigth tonight!!! my fave night of the week becuase we all get to sit around and watch tv!!!  playful  paradise!!!
tried out for concert choir yesterday!! i feel really good about this!
i cant wait for tomorrow!!!!!!! super fun!!!
been a little sad for no appearent reason 
game and dance tonight!!!  laugh 
"so i am off for about five days!!! i hav off today, tomorrow, the weekend, and monday!!!  playful "
big drama this weekend   cant wait to go back to school!!!
no more snow!!!!!!!!!!!
for lent this year i am going to give up becoming a fan and joining groups!! fun!!!!
im back!!!!!!!!!!!  smile  miss me? alot has happened so i will write notes and anyone who cares can read them!!! thank god lent is over!!!!!
mari-alis came over today!!! she is sooooo cute!!!  smile 
choir practice later  oh fun!!!!! b back at 9!  playful 
i have a concert tonight!!!! my barbor shop quartet is sining!!! our name is epic!!!!!
why does everyone want to know which twilight character i am?
why are the people who are cutting programs for public schools that they don't even understand what they are doing? can we cut their salieries so we can save a few bucks?
if people want to talk to me then talk to me!!!
"anybody know of any job openings? for example: fast foods, stores etc"
 playful  hehehehehhehehehehehehehehe  evil girly laugh!
just got back from lessons!!!!   smile 
today was weird  annoyed 
i wonder    what makes a hero a hero? is it that they are strong and true to others? is it how smart they are? or is it that they are the underdog who will always rise above? so what makes a hero? i beleive that a hero is some one who tries to make life and exsistance better for another life form  so do i consider myself a hero? yeah   i guess you could say that   wink 
encore audition was today!! it was fun!
"lots of stuff going on!!!!  smile  eoc, trutones, encore and much much more!!!  smile "
"scratchy throat, go away!!!  playful  oh well at least i hav time to get better  before my audition for trutones!!!"
i have off today!!! hahahaha!!!
bored!!!!!!!!!!!!  playful 
im done with  people that hurt me! im done!!!!! he can beg im not taking him back  she can apologize all she wants but im not going to b her friend again  can anyone tell that there's a good e playful lination why  hurting one of your best freinds if fun? becuase i cannot find the logic!
"mom pointed this out to me today  when ever <propmale> and i have a spat it is always around an important music event!!! lol! tomorrow im rying out for gcb, friday is the banquet, monday is trutones audition and next friday is encore!!! looks like we are going to have alot more arguements this month!!! lol jk!  wink "
do think? should i get red highlights or purple?
m-a-r-v   i am mclovin my life!
okokokay now listen     noone kill me b c if i die people will miss me and i will miss lost so   and i really want to get them off of that island   gilagon is homocidal
<propfemale> munkers  was at my house today!!! she is my bffuf!!! if she cuased any trouble so sorry!!!
just got home from trutones auditions!!!!!!  playful  wont get results till friday!!!! > sad 
trutones call backs monday!!!
"encore tonight!!!!    and pot roast, get excited  lol  smile "
last night was encore!  playful  i totaly epicly failed on my solo!!!!  crying 
*i made trutones!!!!*
jacob: is ruban usher now? me: lol!!!!!
"happy that there is only 8 days of school left, but sad that there is only 8 days left to b with all of my friends   sad "
wow theres a lot of stuff going on this week!!! finals!!!!!!!  playful 
luvs u!
enjoying the last moments of civilization before i go into the wild! i'll miss you all!!! lol!
back from floating safe and sound!!! omg!!! thats enough advanture for a little while!!!
dance tonight!!! fun!
"summer!!! cant wait!!! my goal is read everyday, watch tons of musicals and basically get ahead of the game for next year!!! i know  im an over achiever!!!"
" love   love  has just learned that \wicked\"" is going to be turned into a movie!!!!!!! im soooo excited!!!!!  love   love """
got the job at mcdonalds  first day is tomorrow  mchumiliation 
"ok for those of you who want to visit me at my first day of work, i have a few rules annoyed 1) no pictures!!! & 2) you can say hi but after that, if you are not going to order anything, go away!! i love you all but the people behind you in line may not see it my way!"
just got off my first shift ever and im hungry and tired!!!
had fun with bestie!!! omg i love hot topic!!!
is missing all her besties from <propmale>   sad 
is getting ready for work  oh well   glee is on tonight!!!!  laugh   get excited!
30 minutes till i see my love     glee!!!  love 
finally got her bottom braces on and they hurt   sad 
this is going to be a great rest of the week! today im going to the mall with <propfirst> and then saturday(i have to work but) aunt <propfemale> is coming over!!!!  laugh 
hates when smoke detectors go off for no apparent reason  xc
coffee! smile    im out of creamer!  sad 
yeah!!! its raining!! maybe mcdonalds wont be very busy today!!!!!  wink 
tired   yawn 
wish me luck  my young women in <propfemale> group is auditioning to sing at a t-bones' game!!!  smile  its going to be *epic* !!! (thats my quartet's name   lol)
is bored!!!  playful 
is bored     again  what a shocker 
"wonders if \frostys\"" in canada are called \""chillys\"""""
working today!!!!
"today i will start to eat healthier   sad   no sugar, less fat and a whole bunch of whole grains and veggies  wish me luck!!!"
weird yellow outside
so yesterday was a total fail on my diet!!! had sonics and a shake   annoyed \ this is going to be harder then i thought  going for a short little walk today to make up for it 
good morning my lovelies! how are my favorite people doing?  smile 
had fun wioth <propfirst> yesterday buying a swimming suit! working today and cantoring tomorrow  p s  looking for work  mcdonalds doesnt give me enough hours 
work was brutal  they only gave me 4 hours today  sad 
happy father's day!!!!  playful  have a great day!
wants to know is a frog happier then a toad? lol!!!
is thinking about stuff     
 playful  got my labs done today  (which means that people took my blood for samples for those of you blessed enough not to have the need for it ) oh how i love needles!!!!
dogs+nail clippers+me=pain & hair!!!!  playful 
"urg!!! i had today all planned out!!!  playful  oh well ill just relax, i'm in no big rush "
yesterday i got my first check  $58 36 for 9 hours of work   annoyed \
"day 26 of absolute boredom  i am thinking about writing a book about a monkey, a shark and a race to be the world fastest animal  any thoughts before my brain turns to mush?"
hangin out with my friends tonight!!!  laugh  love you girls!!!
*yawn* last night saw eclipse with my besties!!! it was awesome + lots of fun + movie was epic!!!  laugh 
is pondering the mysteries of the universe    jk i'm to busy for that 
 playful  working on the 3rd how un-american!!! cant wait to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> tonight!  smile 
happy 4th everybody!!  joyful 
arms are sore  annoyed \ any suggestions?
just got back from seeing toy story 3!!  laugh  i loved how it ended!!! so hopefully they dont make another one cause it was perfect!!
stupid <propmale> had to get his video game when its just about to rain!!!  sad  im soaked!!!!
woke up about an hour ago   annoyed \ blah  (zombie sounds) must have coffee!
dumb dogs caught another bird   crying  it looked like a baby to 
wonders why so many people suffer from abnormal strangeness(and not the good fun kind)  hmmmm      
"going to a sleepover at <propfemale>'s!!! then i have my recital saturday, cantor and ywih practice on sunday!"
had super fun at <propfemale>'s house last night!!! stayed up till 2 then had to wake up at 7 to get ready for my recital!!(p s  for those of you who don't know    i'm hyper when sleep deprived!)  laugh ddd
run peachy run!!!!
"going to <propfemale> out with <propfirst>, madi and <propfirst> tonight!  laugh "
welp guys after july 31 you will never again have to listen to me whine about my job at mcdonalds!!!!  laugh 
going to the mall today with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!  laugh  grandparents are coming over and then later i might make brownies (yes dad i remembered ) fun!
 playful  its hot outside  i walked to the library(i walk every where) and got a book  really sleepy now   annoyed 
"if you like this status i'll tell you what i like, dislike, confession and first impression you!  smile "
welp tomorrows the big day! wish me luck     
well guys my last day is next saturday! its all worked out but you would not believe the day i had yesterday!!!! lmao!!!!  laugh 
"hey guys, i'm 25    on <propfemale>   playful "
so mother nature    more rain i see  how original  -_-
going to the orthodontist today      fun   annoyed 
my teeth hurt   playful  i hate my braces 
"is not available at this time  leave a comment and i'm sure she'll stop spacing long enough to answer you back  sorry for the inconvenience,ily! *beep*"
just got home from my last day of work at mcdonalds!!!  laugh  ok now i have to try to get a babysitting job and prefect the songs for funerals and i'll be set for next year!!!  laugh 
"ok just got done with my map  x  just have to do notes, vocab, and poetry and go to the library   playful "
wait   what    no pasta?!?!?!?! nooooooooo!!!!  sad 
you've all just lost the game!!! 3 smile 
ok so my mom wanted to make ricecrispys treats    so long story short there is a giant sqaure of rockcrispys chexmix  in my freezer  but on the up side i made brownies!!!!  laugh 
is a little grumpy this morning so sorry  i am starting to wake up earlier so i can get used to it by the time school starts   sad  blah 
why does it always have to be the printer that doesn't work? why couldn't it be something useless and unnecessary?
i'm officially a professional singer!  laugh  yeah get excited!!
(heavy sigh) i really hate all this spamming going on! it's getting really annoying really quickly   > sad 
" love   love   love   love  only an aunt can give hugs like a mother, keep secrets like a sister, and love like a friend! if you're an aunt who loves her nieces & nephews, post this as your status ???? baby mari-alis is coming over today!!  laugh "
"<propfemale>, <propmale> and mari-alis came over for dinner!!  laugh  pics promised!!!"
busy busy busy!!! so much going on and so little time to do it all!!!  laugh  hope all of my lovelys are having a great rest of the summer!!
"going to practice for mass, then going to brie's party!!!  laugh "
had alot of fun at brie's party last night!! in a few hours im going to nativity's choir picnic  and on a random topic my brother is doing the polka in the kitchen  snaps for jakey!
decided not to go to the picnic after all be cause im a little tired   annoyed \
i  love  my schedule!! all my classes are really close to each other and i already know half of my teachers! this year is going to be epic!  laugh 
summer is about to end   sad  goodbye sleeping in till 10 and hello waking up at 5 smile 0(sigh)
ok all my lovelys! i'm going to the retreat tomorrow so be good and play nice! i'll see ya when i see ya!  laugh 
i need a good read  any suggestions?  smile 
hey everyone im back!!!  laugh  the retreat was sooooo much fun!! its nice to be home tho 
its one of my fave times of the year  thats right back to school shopping!  joyful   yeah but also  there is something about the last day of summer that is really special  maybe its the coffee???
"oh time why are you so fickle?\when winter comes you drag on \when summer comes your are gone!\minutes sometimes take form of hours,\and hours sometimes take form of days \i shall never understand time and its ways   annoyed "
first day of school was today  it was great!!!!
going to the back to school dance!
had fun at the dance last night   i danced with all my friends and hun  now tonight i will go over to <propfirst>'s house for a sleep over!!  laugh  told ya this was going to be a fun year!!!!
<propfirst>'s sleepover was a blast!!! im soooo tired!! going to see mari-alis!!!!  laugh 
relaxing    life is good   smile 
back from first trutone practice!!!!  laugh 
homework+me=not happy x(
"has a plan now  i just needed a little inspiration, a little kick in the right direction  and i think i've found it   laugh "
this year is going by soooo slowly  thats ok i am having so much fun!!!  laugh 
i am trying out for the musical!  laugh  and my brother just realized that i am a genius so its all good!
"so yesterday i felt stupid, crazy and just plain goofy lol!!!  wink  i have a plan to fix that!!!"
ok so my goal for this year is to try not to be so self centered and actually <propfemale> out with more of my other friends that i dont get to see on a daily  basis  wish me luck on rejoining the human race!!!  laugh 
this has been a great weekend so far   laugh  having so much fun!!!! to bad about the drama that awaits my return to school   annoyed  (sigh)
so ends a perfect weekend  see you soon my lovelys!  laugh 
so tuesday i tried out for the musical and tomorrow i'll know for sure if i made it  ugh!!! the wait is always the worst part of it!! *sigh*
i made it into the musical!! its not a big part but im still supper excited!!!  laugh 
"this has been one of the best weekends ever!!! went to a sleepover, watched the baby, cantered at mass, and now watching scary psycho-thiller movies!!!  laugh  if my weekend is this good then tomorrow will be better!!!  laugh dd"
this week has been weird   annoyed  oh well!!  smile  its over and now we can all just take a break  and chill!  laugh 
whose ready for homecoming?  laugh  i am!!! lol can't wait to see my lovelys there!!!
i am going to love today!!!  laugh  super fun!!!!!
ok so homecoming wasn't as fun as i thought it would be   annoyed  oh well at least i got to see my friends!!!  laugh 
monday     *sigh*
tgif!!!!  laugh  hope everyone has a great weekend!!!
da babeh iz here! da babeh iz here!!!  laugh  mari-alis is over for a brief visit to see my dogs  too much cuteness!!!!!  joyful 
hmmm    i love it when everything works out  ^__^ *peaceful*
district auditions are tomorrow!! hope everyone gets plenty of rest and water  so good luck!!!!  laugh 
needs some serious r&r!!!! lol
cantate was awesome!! loved hearing different choirs and loved the weather!!!
going to the maverick's game!! oh how i  love  hockey!!  laugh ddd
-_-
*sigh* having one of my downer moments     playful  maybe its because i found out when i get my braces off  *sigh* t t
"-w- i am very happy  aunt <propfemale> is here, <propmale> has a new turtle and its only friday! ^__^"
dangit i lost the game!!!!!!  playful 
oh wow!!! thats all i have to say about this week   annoyed 
going to help my daddy fix an old computer up!!!  laugh  get excited!
sooooooooo     i had some free time     thats rare   smile 
ok so i have to stay up till 2am tonight for my eeg  i hate being awake all night(especially if its for no reason ) any suggestions?
this might be a good time to work on a song!  laugh  i have alot to e playful ress tonight 
well that was fun   
tongue is soar and i have a debate tournament!  playful 
(sigh)
soooo excited for halloween!!! 3 smile  hehehe
happy halloween!!!
no trick or treats for me this year  didn't even dress up   crying  super sad 
wow    what a month!
oh joy! watching scary movies with dad and <propmale>!!  laugh  snaps for killer clowns!!!
best chiefs day of the year:raiders day!   laugh  its going to be a good match up   hehehe   3 smile 
raiders are cheating!!!! > surprise 
     sigh     i think i might be going crazy          to late 
lol ok so 2 things  1) the iwc (<propmale> debate tournament) is coming up and i need judges for dec 3rd and 4th  any takers? email me for details  2) tried on my costume for hello <propfemale> today      laugh  hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!! (you'll see what i mean)
is thinking about trying out for midsummer's night dream but is undecided   any opinions?
omg omg omg!!!! tomorrow is wednesday and i don't have any choir practices!!!! =o this has never happened!!!!! ^__^
staying up till about 2 am is not the best idea when one has a head ache    just thought you should know 
is enjoying her day off!!!  laugh  just need more cough drops   
happy thanksgiving everyone  i have been so blessed this year!!! i love you all!!!  laugh 
just finished one ar book  time to start on the next one!!!  smile  im getting there slowly 
how is it that i havent gotten to sleep in at all this break? gah!!!! > surprise 
what some don't know is that my friends are like family  and if you mess with my family i will mess you up 
"i really hate mondays!! today really sucked and i still have a long way to go before i'm done! on the bright side, i don't have any homework to do!!!  laugh "
anybody going to the game tonight?  smile 
i just want to say thank you to all of you who have stood by me these past few months  i am very grateful that you stand up for me when my back is turned and someone tries to bring me down because i'm unique  i love that you all see me for me and not epilepsy  thank you for all you have done  and for those of you who have tried to bring me down   nice try   smile 
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes  i love you all!!! have a nice weekend!!!
just got back from ywih concert!!! it was awesome and i had alot of fun  now on to trutones!!!
" playful  way to cold oh well im tough!  laugh  besides, it gives me a good excuse to stay in and sleep!!  smile "
*sigh* tomorow im going back to school where the drama has grown since i left  *sigh*
just wants this week to end already   annoyed  most of you know why 
is very annoyed  -_- please stop the mindless talking!!!!!
i finally finished wrapping up all the presents!!!  laugh 
the finals are over!!!!!  laugh ddd and only 4 days till christmas!!!!!  laugh dddd so yeah im pretty happy right now 
"as my brother would (and will forever say) its the <propfemale> of christmas <propfemale>  so get all your present shopping done and wrapping finished up  as for me i will be cleaning, baking and hanging out till christmas day!!  joyful  yeah!!"
my niece mari-alis came over last night and she just keeps getter cuter everytime i see her!!  smile  <propfemale> christmas sis and mari-alis!!!
"what can i give him as poor as i am?\if i were a shepard i would give a lamb \if i were a wise man i would do my part \then what can i give him?\i will give my heart!  love "
"best christmas ever!!!!  <propfemale> christmas and \happy holidays\""!!!  wink """
last night was awesome! now i get to do my hw   annoyed 
my new year's resolution is to make a resolution i can keep  smile  whats yours?
so who's ready to kiss 2010 goodbye? i am!!!! hard year but i'm thankful to have gotten through it with amazing friends and family!!! thank you god for another year and i hope that the coming year will have a little less drama!!! happy new year's <propfemale> everyone!!!  smile 
"this week has been alot of things  its been great, tragic, and exciting  it goes to show that things will get better  its always darkest before the <propfemale>   smile "
sigh  not again chiefs!! this looks like a game we played last year!!!  crying  oh well there's always next year 
imma gonna make a snowman!!!!  laugh 
is snowed in! lol!! thats ok  at least i dont have to go anywhere today!  laugh 
it is icky out there! ice everywhere! everyone be careful out there!!!!
miracle of the day  my lil bro's school did not get a snow day today  so my bro is arguing and yelling and suddenly says a lil prayer asking god if he could have one more day off! my mom and him get into the car she turns the key and nothing  my mom's car battery died    - - really???
the llama song is stuck in my head  - - really <propmale> snow? i mean really?????????
have done it! i have scrolled back to my very first status!!!!  laugh  i was soooo positive back then lol!!
"i'm an ophiuchus, hmm   that's ok i didn't really think i was a sagittarius anyway    "
 surprise  deals is closing? no!!  sad 
"even though my last name is snow, winter does not amuse me  especially when i'm coming down with a cold  - -\"",2011-01-18 18:11 smile 4""",16bb07eff20d4ee73138c65d1ecb2a58,its been a while since i've walked home in the snow  it was very nice! i now remember why i love snow in the first place   smile 
tomorrow begins another day isolated in my house with my lil bro  <propmale> snow stop praying for snowdays! d:<
"dear old man winter,\you are cutting into time with my friends and several important choir practices! i am going insane from the dramatically white and cold world you have created  you have warn out your welcome so please go back to canada! your cousin, <propfemale> snow   p s <propmale> snow still loves you  - -"
he does 5% of the work and gets 75% of the pay because he complains!!!! > sad 
be careful out there! my mom and i got stuck in our driveway and thanks to our neighbors we got unstuck!
well looks like i am going to have school monday  i might have a whole week of school! gasp!!!  wink 
"so much stuff, so little time  the universe has decided that my new year's resolution was not possible and has overloaded me with more joyous activities, but forgot to calculate the number of hours i have to sleep!! lol!!"
is going to a debate tournament and then court warming!!  smile  good weekend!
last night was alot of fun!! but next time i'm wearing flats!! lol
<propmale> snow!!!!!!!! i told you not to pray for another snow day and you have brought the wrath of god upon us!!!!!!!
4 songs are memorized! now 8 to go!!!  laugh 
"first side of the driveway is finished after about 30 <propfemale>  now a quick tea break then the other half of the driveway!!! thank you snowpocalyspe! \- -"
i am bored of out my mind!!! any suggestions?
<propfemale> episode on the brain!!!  laugh  <--neuro geek
finally!! i get a snowday w o my lil bro!!!  laugh       its very quiet     lol!!!
i  love  french!! we made crepes and i still have a very large bottle of chocolate syrup in my backpack!!! lol!! good times!!!  laugh 
"i have promises to keep \and <propmale> to go before i sleep!  smile  poem of my life "
"just got home from the worlds of fun audition  long story short, i did good but didn't get called back  oh well i think i might apply for a job at sonic's "
"i'm gonna just chill out this <propfirst>'s day  i've been single all year, tomorrow doesn't mean anything   laugh  besides i like being single!"
anybody else feel randomly tired?  annoyed 
my head is wrapped up so looks like im not going anywhere for a while   annoyed 
"so day 1 of my eeg was ok   annoyed  but what kind of test for nocturnal epilepsy has bright lights and annoying sounds at night to watch you sleep? more improtantly, how in the world am i supposed to sleep?"
i feel very sleepy  i cant wait to get this stupid eeg done and over with!!!!
last day of eeg!!! soooo happy! no more sleeping with the wires and staying in one spot for 12 hours  no more recording my every move! when i get unhooked i'm never going to take the freedom of mobility for granted ever again! i'm not going to complain about being to tired or not having my hair be perfect! i'm gonna live my life and move as much as possible!!  laugh 
its over!!!! hallelujah!  laugh  yeah!!!
so excited for contest today w my quartet!  laugh  wish me luck!
so i went to competition with my quartet and i got gold!!!  laugh  i made it to the top 4 out of 15 quartets!  laugh 
"woots!!! sink or swim is finally over for choir!!! now for the part that everyone loves, the waiting for the posting   playful  hope everyone did good and swam!!!  laugh "
"when you step back and look at everything that is going on in the world today, suddenly, your problems seems very small  please pray for japan and all the other countries who are being affected by the earthquake!!!!"
i have a new goal  to start another all out poke war      smile  this is gonna be fun!!!
i love the spring!!! (i just hate the pollen)  smile 
how is it that my brother is always on break with me? - -
is there anything better then coffee and hash browns for breakfast? i think not!!!!  wink  today's gonna be a great day!!!!!
i got a 1 at pre-contest!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  look out districts cause here i come!!!!!!  laugh 
i am soooooooooo excited about contests this friday!!!!!!! hope everyone does well!!!!!!  laugh dddddd
gooooooooood morning!!!!!!!  laugh  and what a great morning it is!!!! last night i got 1's across the board!!!!! that means that all my ensembles and my solo gets to go onto state!!!!!!!!  laugh  thank you to everyone for supporting me and working sooooo hard to make all this possible!!!! we did it!!!!!!!!!
anybody hiring right now???
