f38c86068bea0452a893ac15d3537049
where were you in 1987?
i have learned a very important life lesson  if the house is quiet there is something wrong  i could hear a pin drop right now which means <propfirst> is doing something that he shouldn't be   
i have power again! yeeehaaa!!!!
two of my dogs ran away and we can't find them    sad 
my babies are home! they have come back to live with me once again 
i need my vacation to start now   
is glad that grandma was hurt by the mob after church    
is sad that <propmale> and <propfemale> weren't able to come over today  i took <propfirst> over to bike ride with his grandpa instead 
just happy to be home away from the e playful losion!!!! no more boom please!
happy new day!!!
"vaca log, final day  well, what a long strange trip its been? i have to get up so early tomorrow  back to work  the time has been fun  i wish it would last longer  i enjoyed everything except gas prices  is the price still scarey? dont tell me  i will find out soon enough "
i don't want to clean  i don't want to cook  all i want to do is nothing  just for a day   
is going to eat worms
what a day  tonight at 6pm i took a leap off a <propmale>  i cut off my hair   my back is naked  my head lost about 5 lbs  i turned my head at a yield sign and i think my head spun in circles because it is so light  i have also decided that i will owe the hospital money for my entire life  at least they don't charge by the hour 
i am going to see <propfirst> mouse live!!!! whoa! yippee!!!!
m-i-c-k-e-y m-o-u-s-e!!!!! that was so much fun  sign me up to move to disneyworld or live on sesame street!!!
is it saturday night yet?
didn't make it to bowling tonight but the r & r was worth it 
wow! so get this  my husbands birthday this month falls on the full <propfemale>  my birthday next month falls on the full <propfemale>! this will have again in 19 years  were we pulled together by the forces of nature? what could this mean?
uh oh! mom is on her way to the er    too many hot dogs in cafe world? just kidding mom!
so where is a cheap place to have a birthday party for a child but a nice gathering place for adults to chill?
i just voted for rusty   hey neighbors! did you rememeber to vote? 16 minutes   
is sooo bored  i am so bored i can't sleep  i think i'll start calling everyone i know right now to see what they are doing  just for fun i will start by calling people with an odd number of letts in their first name   
"there are just no words, no words can e playful lain all of this "
"yeah, go cards! i can't wait!"
wow! that was so much fun! <propfirst> drove a 2010 red silverado truck around hammons field with the batting coah and pitching coach in the back  it was awesome! what a rush to see 7061 people watching! i loved the old men that would wave at me like i was some hot shot person they know just to impress their friends  but ya know me  i waved back 
i am so happy that i didn't even mind when a lady spilled her beer down my back when we were walking to our seats!!! what a great time  i have a great husband! what a great day!
i am never going to sleep tonight  i am toooooo excited!!!
"ok neighbors, i have a great idea  i am going outside to sleep in the bed of the truck! maybe i'll be able to find fingerprints that the coaches left behind   "
"have you ever googled the word \google\""? i did """
"hey everybody! we should collect food items, personal items, and everthing else we can think of to help those families from the fire  i hope we can find out the ages of the children who lived there so maybe we can even get a few toys and stuff  they had to of lost everything  how sad  we are one big community and now is the time to stick together and help each other out  who is with me?"
http annoyed  www kspr com news local 91435429 html
"i will never forget 15 years, 7 hours, and 29 minutes ago   "
"how does <propfirst> know how to spell \oven\""?"""
vacation here i come!
omg omg omg omg omg!!!!!!
i have the best husband ever!!!!!!!!!!! happy birthday to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!~!!!
3 years ago today i got the best present ever  we got to bring <propfirst> home from having surgery   smile 
is watching sesame street! yippee!
22 hours until the concert of the year!!!!
happy mothers day!
"today, give a stranger one of your smiles   it might be the only sunshine he sees all day   ~quoted in p s  i love you, compiled by h  <propmale> brown, jr "
please just let me hide inside a hole all weekend!
<propfirst> come home soon!!! we miss you!!!!
"\uh-oh spaghettios\"" and \""thank goodness for chef boyardee\"" have a new and special meaning now!"""
today is <propfirst> cullen's birthday! my day must be complete now   not 
"ah, nothing like waking up to eat a nice big bowl of recalled fruit loops! how did i spend last saturday you ask? i returned the recalled spaghettios  next saturday i will be planning the garden for next year and plotting on where to put my new farm animals  new goal: grow and slaughter my own food so i don't have to spend every saturday returning recalled products to the store "
"we are here to make a better world  no amount of rationalization or blaming can preempt the moment of choice each of us brings to our situation here on this planet   \\the big battles that we won cannot be reversed  we were young, self-righteous, reckless, hypocritical, brave, silly, headstrong and scared half to death  and we were right      <propfemale> hoffman"
"a note to all teenagers out there: once you have kids you never get to sleep in ever again  just think about it  i got home at 2am and still i am awakened at the usual time by a little hyper toddler  ah, the joys of parenthood "
thanks everyone! <propfirst>'s t-ball team sold the most tickets!!! you will see him and his friends on the field with the springfield cardinals thursday night!! yippee!
"ladies and gentlemen: tonights feature presentation is cars! this will be the 1346th showing  (yes, you guessed it! that is how many days old <propfirst> is)  final call for juice and cheese-its will be at 8:15pm  please make your selections now before intermission to brush your teeth  as always, this disney-pixar feature presentation will be in surround soundfor your personal enjoyment  thank you, the management   "
don't forget to vote!!!
"\a generation lost in space with no time left to start again \""---name that tune!"""
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"grocery prices are just too high! gosh! well, maybe it is the electric <propmale>  i have to pay that  it is a conspiracy between grocers and electric companies!!! that is what it is!"
yipppeee!!!! we made it to school!!! heaven help all you teachers!! you have your hands full  i love republic!!!!!
i am home alone!!!!! yeeeehaaaa!
poor bus drivers today  i bet not one of the buses made it to school on time 
i learned something this morning  i had no idea that republic had so many police officers  they are doing an awesome job on patroling and directing traffic this morning! thanks!
thank yo <propfemale> crocker for the perfect recipe for blood! i can't wait for halloween!!!
"ok, it is safe to come home now   all the crying has stopped "
"me: <propfirst>, what do you want to play outside? <propfirst>: i want to play with brownie but not sabel, she died  me: (my heart broke just a little bit more)   sad "
i llllllove mmmmyyyyyyyyyyy mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmoooooooooooooooooooommmmmmy
i looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee            mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyselllf
wow   farmville is killing me
"i have heard a horrible rumor today that granny retired  it is a rumor! granny has not retired  people, trust me when i say this: if there is something i have to say i will say it  if granny were to retire she would not just drop and leave everyone hanging  what would the kids think?"
this has been one of the worst days of my life  i will not say it can't get any worse b c i know it can  i have learned to trust nobody  i have learned that people only care about themselves  i have learned that i am in this world alone  this sucks! people suck!
hmmm   what to eat for dinner?
i love you mom
is feeling happy
"ah, home from work   "
"everyone please play! it will be fun to learn where all your \fb friends were born  copy and paste this to your status with place of \birth after it      springfield, missouri"
"happy birthday, <propfemale>!"
"this was a wonderful day! i can't remember the last time i played so much! i still feel so lucky that i survived the blessing i was given 4 years ago  happy birthday, <propfirst>! i love you, forever and always "
can you tell me how to get to sesame street? <propfemale> 95 5 did this morning when i won free tickets to see sesame street live!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yippee!!!
"on my way, everything's a-ok  freindly neighbors everywhere to meet!!!"
"46 days   and i am \on my way to where the air is sweet\""!!!!!"""
33 days   
i like it on the back of the chair in the kitchen 
28 days!!!!! sesame street here we come! i can't wait to finally meet you <propmale>!!!
"death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal "
"3 days, 15 hours until we meet <propmale> thanks to alice@95 5!! yippee!!!!!!!"
"fun facts: sesame street first aired november 10, 1969  41 years later on the exact birthday of sesame street ,<propfirst> will be seeing sesame street live for the first time!!! yippee!!! oh, yeah! i have seen this before, remember mom?"
"sesame street: 60's-groovy, 70's-cool, 80's-radical, 90's- awesome, 00's- fly, today- sweet!!!! this e playful lains what sesame street live was like so each generation can understand  it was amazing!!!!"
"happy 41st birthday, sesame street! please join our celebration by changing your facebook profile picture into a picture of your favorite character for the rest of the week  tell your friends and spread the word! ?"
"i am hungry, is that bad?"
"change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your friends to do the same "
¿cuándo mi bebé niño romper su fiebre?
"morgan: guys, give me a minute i have to check my farmville  (i don't even know what to think about this) "
rest in peace little baby buttons we will love you forever!
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok, i don't feel better  shouldn't i?"
qwihgaqtvanbhardldhaby!!!!! that is all i will say about that 
this is so much fun tracking <propfemale>!!! we have called the air force base every hour even though we have been checking norad's website!!! love it!!!!!
"mele kalikimaka! a big thanks to norad for letting us know that <propfemale> made it back safely to the north pole   his trip ended peacefully at 4am cst  btw, i saw what you left in the front yard <propmale>!!! ha, ha, ha!!!"
"vaca log, day 4, i think: it has been so many days now i am losing track of time  i am preparing for the worst  i received a phone call that said gas pricies are up to $2 95 a gallon  this is 30 cents higher than when i was last in the real world  are there any survivors? the last time this happened   i will begin boarding up the house for safety  i may have to pack up my son and hike to bass pro for more ammo "
"vaca log  day something after 4: just woke up to find there are people who have survived  however, those people will run out of gas soon  we better go with plan b  mars needs women!"
"<propfemale>, thanks for the secret!"
i hate transformers  that's all i have to say about that 
"please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower, armed with fire extinguishers  the remaining 1% are awesome, and will re-post this  will you?"
is at the laundromat because the washer stopped working    i feel like i live in an apartment again  but who is this kid that keeps calling me mom?
does anyone know how to get signed up for tiger texts? i wanna know the school closings without effort too!
please cancel school republic   only on tuesday's and thursday's 
days fans   help me  my dish was out and i missed 5 days of days  i have some questions  i know it was a good week 
ok people  i have poked my last person tonight  i have to go to bed so i can get up extra early to make a big warm breakfast for a growing 4 year old  i am thankful  my heart pours out to the family of the woman who was murdered 
"no school billings, clever, marionville   come on down the highway  you can do it!"
do you people get up early just to poke me?
wow  i have never seen so many teenagers with babies at church before 
i miss my baby  i love you <propfirst>! come home soon!
nothing beats getting off work twice on a friday  i cant wait to get home 
"14 days since the death of my washer  i guess if it hasn't come back to life by now, it won't  time to start plan b  first i have to make plan b "
i have the best husband ever! feel better soon 
morgan: be sure to get up by 6am so you have time to help grandma get ready for church  i love you! call me after dinner!
go house of representatives!!! pass that <propmale>!!!
"attention all teachers: thank you! it takes a special person to help a child be all he she can be  a teacher is patient, kind, and can always find the best in a student  i had a great day at mt  <propfirst> intermediate school today! <propfemale> you are the best!!!"
happy birthday <propmale>!! i hope <propmale> got you something better this year other than bottle caps!
"i am going to the discovery center with mom, dad, and <propfirst>  yippee!"
"to all those people who helped me get out of the snow so i could make it home: thanks!!! i only got stuck 3 times  i was kindly assisted by fellow coworkers, neighbors, family, strangers and facebook friends! thank you all!"
i am so comfortable in my clothes today 
modot closed i-44  wow!
"why is it every time the news is on we watch the weather like it is about to change? what? it hasn't started melting yet? oh, yeah, must be the single digit temps holding us back  duh  yet i am still counting down to the nine o'clock news  i have become the little old lady that has nothing to do but watch the news "
attention all family members: if you are related to my mother call one of us for details  facebook is not a good place to find out bad news 
if your last name is <propfirst> deren    please call me!!!
"so, my mothers brother had a heart attack  he had surgery today to replace a valve and other stuff  he is out of surgery now and in icu  there were so many family members to contact and my mom was stuck at work  i think everyone knows now  i didn't want to post it on fb until the family knew  everyone lives so far away "
zumba!!
i got a new washer! yippee!!! thanks to my daddy for all his help!
i love my new eco-friendly washer!!!
"hi everybody! if you get ahold of <propmale> <propfirst> tickets and don't want them please let me know  if you have tickets and realized that your sisters wedding is that weekend, i can help you out! call me!!!"
