2a064882d541e18e3d70e910ddaaef95
why is it that all of the food that is <propfemale> delicious makes me sick?
just won money at the horse race  big money  -never bet on <propfirst> padilla- never
may just give it all up 
loves her grandpa and tractors   woot woot!
is ready for a pow wow
"is at peace, and quite possibly the happiest she has been in months"
crying on the inside
me encontrare mi amor 
   she flew up to heaven on the wings of angels   
"and there's holes in the floor of heaven, and her tears are pouring down  that's how you know she's watching, wishing she could be here now "
"countin flowers on the wall  that don't bother me at all  playin solitaire till <propfemale>, with a deck of fifty-one  smokin cigarettes and watchin captin kangaroooo  now don't tell me, i've nothin to do-statler brothers"
in need of a superhero
is going to have the most amazing day tomarrow with her crazed family!!!!!!!!!!!
"last night was wonderful! full of rain, golf, obnoxious rude children, family, fire, boats, dogs, fire works, drunken people, jonny cash, racist jokes, fish named <propfirst>, and burnt marshmallows-we haven't quited mastered the <propmale> yet!  laugh "
"if i was to believe in past lives, i would have to say that i definately was an amazing sharp shooter!!!!! i killed that bullseye!"
"managed to make it through another day, adding to the string of unbearable days  weeks  months "
the world will never be the same  and you're to blame 
it's what you do to me 
enjoys those who enjoy scary movies
"wants to go to ceresco, but sadly has no one to go with  tear "
and i'll ride away      on a sin wagon
"i'll walk, please come and hold my hand, right now i'm hurt, and i don't understand  so let's be quiet, and later we can talk  please stay  don't worry  i'll walk"
angry  but feeling loads better  off to numb my brain with some tv 
starting to see the little joys in life again  woot woot 
"okay  so i just watched amityville horror, and it was amazing! yet kind of freaky  that little girl looks wayyyy to much like a friend of mind  and <propfirst> reynolds - you can be my leading man anytime! haha  scruffy  laugh "
feeling a juno day coming on!
isleep
and the angel sang a whiskey lullaby
i've been searchin' wondrin' thinkin'  lost and lookin' all my life  i've been wounded jaded loved and hated  i've wrestled wrong and right  - i met god's will on a saturday night  he was dressed as a bag of leaves 
"had a wonderful time watching her uncle at the rodeo in dc, as well as seeing bubba and shirmp, and her family!"
i feel stupid  i finally realize what so many people have hinted at in the past few weeks and months  i give up   i will not force you  i will not beg you  no more  i promise 
feeling jaded
i miss my little <propmale>
"i really screwed this one up! today it's one stupid mistake after another  i can never live up to their e playful ectations  i'm an epic fail, and i'll never be good enough for them "
"la  la  la  la  la  la  not looking forewards to tomarro  gr  death will come fast and furious to those who annoy me, and  stand in my way!"
"there's nothing like getting in trouble for stuff your cousin does, and you have no control over"
is it moose or mooses - well whatever  mooses are kind of special if you know what i mean 
"i'm afraid that i'm convicing myself that something that is so unlikely has to be true, that i'm actually starting to believe myself  even though my sane self says it's impossible, i can't help but think the insane part has a point "
"as i spent time with my family this weekend, they decided to share several bits of information with me, allowing me to learn oh so much  here goes  when your aunts tell you that you can talk to them, your uncles will go and tell everyone while getting was"
cleaned my whole room out  got rid of a truck load of clothes  then filled it back up 
pulling through 
"i really don't think that tv's should be teaching girls, or boys for that matter, to pole dance, chair dance, or lap dance either  way to go  start them off young!"
i have a <propmale> headache  some random girl form boystown showed up on my porch  and my tv was stolen
"i feel oddly torn in two different directions  places i have been before, but swore i never would again  and then a whold different direction  however there is a huge dead end sign coming up  i can only dream of making it past that sign  so now i feel lik"
got three purples  won the quiz bowl  and got grand reserve champion 
living in the rain
i hope you always find a reason to smile
"spent the evening with grandma, blow torch lady, finger dancer, mushroom head, <propmale> potter, obnoxious, and once-upon-a-time saint  excellent mashmellow maker"
is it possible for your eyes to dry and shrivel up  while you're still alive of course 
i am literally worrying myself sick 
as soon as she said the word it spread like anthrax  in a matter of seconds 
"i cant help but think i missing out on a little slice of life  if you would like to fill that for me, pleas feel free to go for it!"
tears are falling on the inside
danced the night away with some sexy-hot guys  you know who you are!   laugh 
bow  chicka  woaw  woaw 
poo
i need to figure this all out 
waiting for a day that might never come    
this was the most amazing night in my life!
"golfed with my crazy aunts, uncles, and cousins  then went out on my uncle's pond  tonight was so calm and beautiful! the <propfemale>s were mesmerising  finally found the little dipper  thanks <propfemale>! saw venus saturn jupiter  then saw a satelite  and even wished upon a shooting <propfemale>  the milkyway is amazing  not to mention the blue bonfire  and the best talks  it was <propfemale> peaceful  i realize that i'm right where i want to be"
"suprise suprise suprise   well not really  i saw it coming  but i'm shocked he had the guts to do it  there's a first for everything, and i'm glad i was there for her when it happened "
my face is actually bruised and swollen! thanks guys 
lalala  i'm talking to <propfemale> and <propfirst> and <propfirst> and <propfemale> and <propmale> and zach
this fly is out to get me!
"im feeling the heartache  its scary how all he used to think about is you, but now he doesn't even give you the slightest thought "
"i need something new, because what i had obviouly wasn't what i loved "
well la di fricken da!!!!!
<propfirst> swayze   you will forever blow my mind  toned and talented  sexi!
this is the most perfect night that i've had in a longggg time 
"so thanks to a couple people i learned some great life lessons today  ones i probably should have learned earlier  something's going to go down if they say a word to me  on another note, i know for sure that who's a backstabber   screw you  you ruined the best weekend i've had in a long time "
fml
"i wanna feel the thunder  i wanna scream  let the rain fall down  im comin clean,"
if i told you everything was okay - id be lying
"it sucks when you wanted what you couldn't have, but it sucks even worse when you eventually get it, but no longer want it   now i dont know what to do   choose what i wanted and came to hate, or stay strong and keep hating it   it's easy when there's no temptation, but now i don't know if i'm biased  should i trust them    or my self?"
lame
my wish
confused  and it's getting worse and worse
let's hear it for the boy
"buckle up buttercup, because were going on a ride of a lifetime"
"seabiscuit, why do you decieve me?"
if only for a moment i could take back time  the world had stopped spinning  i had family  i had wonder  i had a future  i had life 
you know that you're best friends when you can lick syrup out of each others bellybuttons
confused
way to take state aquinas! keep fighting football team 
"if i could give you one thing in life, i would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me "
grrr  im screwing everything up  why cant i just figure out my crap and go with it?
"so if everything stays the same or keeps getting worse, i pretty much know what i want, im going to keep chasing it "
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!!! gr 
i need a hero  im holding out for a hero 'til the end of all time  he gotta be sure and hes gotta be smooth and hes gotta be larger than life 
find a reason
i will show you how it works
"i just dyed my dad's hair neon purple, and shaped it into a very stylish faux-hawk if i do say so myself  i feel accomplished   laugh "
leaving paradise
i feel horrible  lightheaded  the whole bit  i just want to pass out 
just when you think you have everything figured out   
babylon of the orient: shanghai restoration project  check it out  me gusta mucho
"don't forget, you are always on our minds"
just got done lifting with <propfemale>  lol 
when everything seems like its going great   wham!!   disaster hits  it hits hard 
sometimes you just need someone to knock the sense and the life back into you  thanks 
red!
a beautiful nightmare
   and so i'll bide my time
i am officially freaking out  what in the world was a thinking; two monolouges   im screwed 
i am proud to say that i have a new found respect for lsw vocal program  and that show you guys put on tonight was absolutly amazing!!! i cannot stop thinking about it   and him
sooo tonight was the best night of my life! just  simply amazing 
  is in pure bliss  why cant every night measure up to this  or more 
well   that was interesting
everywhere and messy
like i said  
one paper done!    eight more assignments to go  annoyed 
regretting some things ive done  hopefully i can make up for them 
running on adrenaline since 7 o'clock this morning   dont think this is going to turn out so well
see the beauty in everything
days go by
   and the panic sets in
"i had the an amazing night  my family keeps me going  <propmale> out with the cousins for the while, and then some with the rest of my family  there were mixed attempts at singing, some of the dirtiest jokes ive ever heard, and delicious food  plus its pretty funny when they all get tipsy "
watching 'the legend of bagger <propmale>'
"life lesson #312: do not gamble with the girls  you will lose all of your money  gamble with the guys, it works better (it has been proven in the past)  and especially do not at all costs sit between <propfirst> and <propfemale>, bad luck will come your way  on both sides "
"lazer quest, birthday party, and plamor!! its going to be a good night"
id just thought id let you know   i mis you  
road trip!
"going up to parsens tomarro, then hopefully i will hit <propfirst> <propfemale> and fly high  a night on the town, sound pretty good right about now "
diners are always better at one a m  <propfemale>'s diner is where its at 
"hmm   today was quite interesting  went up to parsenn's, it was absolutely beautiful, and then down to <propfirst> <propfemale>, super icy over there; running into and hitting a boulder and a couple of trees on the way down while nearly breaking both of my legs, and laughing histerically at both me and my dad falling into a hidden 3 ft  deep snow drift "
best week
   and i said 'yes'
you should always feel pretty
i feel like i just got ran over by a slightly oversized truck   annoyed  bleh
"went to the game, and then tacos with <propfemale> and <propmale>  sounds pretty good to me "
"yeah, just push me away and wonder why im not here when you change your mind"
i feel oddly accomplished  hmmm  smile 
"im not as fragile as you think  its all okay, i can look out for myself, you don't have to  so just go for it "
i miss you
i  can't accept it yet
life une playful ected
"things are starting to fall apart, and for the first time, i think it's going to be a good thing  smile "
yippeeeee!
"the guys were stunnin' the girls were struttin', but it was all about the bald <propfemale> pets"
hamm & buble
i guess thats what i get
what is it about sanding your boats in your basement?
why are you grabbing between your legs kitty-cat?
"two times in one day - man thats harsh  you mess up, and ill be the one that has to pay  dont screw this up "
more people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes <---- true fact 
maine is the toothpick capital of the world  now thats something to be proud of  way to find your talents maine  kudos 
"woohooo! a lovely night as far as im concered  the proposal, silly string, hockey, fighting, and some  verryyy good news  smile "
grrr! my knee is killin  it feels like its in a frickin vice     annoyed 
back massage?   i think yes!
yay <propmale>! we are all so proud of you and we'll be there to cheer you on  i hope its all you ever dreamed it would be  good luck and kick some butt 
"the jalepenos definately werent my best idea, but consider us bonded  smile "
come to canada  ride a moose 
death by smarties
im scared
pow
squirel    
<propfemale> <propfemale> roberts <-----that is <propfemale>'s real name  true story 
i am 
<propfirst>
ihlmosvyewrxapcbhoeqlvoqcshlofa2!  smile 
   yeah  
" sad  bleh, stupid canada!"
i can feel it pulsing through me
average cat
words can not e playful ress how pissed off i am right now
"either i just sleep like a rock, or my friends are freakin ninjas!"
"i had the worst night of sleep last night  im pretty sure i woke up with temporary amnesia, seeing as how i couldn't even remember how to use a lock, or what its exactly for "
the entire lower half of my spine is bruised  great 
lgmh
"off to judge an elementary school science fair! i can already tell, this is going to be very fun interesting night   laugh "
never before in my life have i thought more seriously about becoming a vegitarian 
jesus juan
  ::i dont want empty promises::  
"<propmale> theme? i think, yes!"
strawberry fields  laugh 
finished my <propmale> theme! and its not even that late   laugh 
*video killed the radio <propfemale>*
"this goes out to you <propmale>, ronaldo juan, mystery man, and especially you <propfirst>  you guys really know how to treat a lady right "
feeling really sick  sad 
still feeling really sick  but tonight was fun  you have to love the oldies  laugh  they make me smile   even those browned eyed squirrels 
" laugh  spring cleaning! its oddly refreshing, but its making my allergies act up really bad  annoyed "
is ready
i hate when im making a milkshake and boys just show up in my yard 
when the sun refused to shine 
"quote of the day: 'raping you, that just makes me laugh'"
bermuda triangle
" laugh  i had a fun filled day with my family  i love that they're lazy, racist-comment-making, protective, and smack-talking people  they keep me laughing at all times  love "
  ::i am a dreamer::  
bounce bounce bounce bounce!
lips are used for 3 things: 1) spitting out watermelon seeds so they don't fall in your cleavage 2) for speaking 3) for kissing     
"why is it that whenever im feeling good and things are getting better, it changes  i get jerked around and my heart tears just a little bit more than it did before "
i hate allergies
"i was sooo pissed today  u c i have always wanted to give blood, & i was finally old enough to donate today   so i sat in the room for 45 mins only to be told that i just barely missed the weight requirement, even after i stuffed my face & drank tons of water  i even tried to stuff my pockets  but they totally just shut me out & denied my blood  all i wanted was to save up to 3 lives!!!! gosh darnit! hmph "
my favorite place is inside your hug love 
"slept 13 hours, biked 14 <propmale> with my mom, and finished 11 missing math assignments  im exhaused, but i feel absolutely amazing and accomplished  laugh "
"i had the most amazing day today! scarry movies + uneasy feelings + a <propfemale> run = mini heart attack when creepers breahe really heavily and pop up behind ur car  hehe, i love doing mischievious deeds with my amigos  mwahahaha  laugh "
is loving life 
ari herstand!
trust is a fickle thing 
destination: happiness  laugh    e playful ected arrival: who knows?  laugh  
can you feel my pulse?
"used my psychology skills, got tickled to death, had a dance party in the middle of the road, and <propmale> out with some pretty hilarious old people   i love it! great day  good luck to the lady gators tomarro who play at city  laugh "
#87 on <propfemale>'s bucket list: take a long walk on the beach with a handsome gentleman    check  laugh 
i am a perpetual dreamer  smile 
im ready to take the world by storm  watch out  smile 
one flew over a cuckoos nest
i just don't know what to do anymore    
peaceful serenity  laugh 
"reason, season, or lifetime im not sure, but ill miss you no matter what  love "
i had an amazing weekend with amazing ppl  finally happened! walked 16 <propmale> with the girls and went dancing all night with amazing friends  horse races and winnings  it was epic  feeling good  smile 
old memories of summer nights fill my head and i can't help but smile  czech it out: i met a dog named adolf yesterday  do you wanna know why his name was adolf?   his owner's uncle was named adolf  the things you learn    
i had the best time yesterday  summer! my friends help make me who i am  the lake and camping made for a perfect night morning  so many memories shared (oohhh how we have all changed) and so many memories made  i wouldn't change it for the world  and for a couple of hours   time stood still  love 
"me: \you're the pea to my pod\"" her: \""you're the ball to my sac\"" <---- now that is true friendship  love """
so   some things have changed since then     i just thought i would let you know: i'm happy now   laugh  thanks for being there for me 
take me as i am
i  love  the world cup!
fml! i burned my back again  on the plus side: it's finally numb
old market  love 
"kansas city   meeting some interesting people  but im excited, things are looking nice  i love watching rainbows!"
"if anyone has a grandma from new york, tell her: thank you for the warm wishes and suprisingly caring call, but my name isnt <propfemale> and i dont know you    but thank you! it brought a smile to my face   love "
im tired of fighting  so lets just let it be for once 
"man, tonight was   awkward  u owe me big! dont think ill forget it  thank you <propfirst>, u were my saving grace!!!!"
i want tacos        stat!
"hates being the shortest in her family  sad \<propfemale> you need to stop growin now  <propfirst> city was fun  parade, rides and all \100 years and still producing  lol"
mwhahahaha shaving cream fights are the best! it was totally worth it  laugh 
mambo!
im ready now 
"hm hm hm, how to sift through all of the bs?   "
"after today i think i could survive a bear attack, or at the very least, keeep a straight face while 20 theatre kids try to make me crack a smile  i had an amazing day! had a heart-to-heart, but now im really scared   laugh  dounuts tomarro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
tete har!!!  love 
had an amazing weekend with friends  smile 
ihurt 
i love when we have these convos  thanks!  laugh 
"i just cant do this anymore  screw it  please, somebody save me  "
<propfirst> cash
i cant wait!  smile 
live from the heart and love life 
i guess i need to learn not to e playful ect so much out of people anymore 
i like it on the counter 
<propfemale>
sugarholics anonymous  just tell me when and where to sign up
not in a happy mood right now   
had an amazing night with my girls <propfirst> cobb and desi doodle ! i love bashing and shopping  yay girl time  smile 
the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams   
i miss you  im so sorry 
so i spemt my afternnon discussing how pants stay up     still confused  <propfirst> and <propmale>
on a charter bus   in the dark          with only one light on!!!!!
had the most amazing day night yesterday  just can't stop thinking about it    smile 
   gr!
just another sleepless night
love my conversations with <propfirst> edwards!
the most epic ideas come at this time of night! gigglepuffs for life  love 
feels really accomplished and just plain dandy 
hiding with best friend <propfirst> schwimmer and miss <propfirst> cobb! we be creeping on the theatre  smile     u shall never find us gibby!!!!! mwahahahaha!
"'if i can stop one heart from breaking, i shall not live in vain ' <propfemale> dickinson"
are you fornicating serious!?! lol with <propmale> benes
forget you
had an amazing day  can't get the number five off of my mind   
calling all space cadets  calling all space cadets 
   feeling a little icky
   yea  about that  loves that her entire hand got slammed into a car door today 
<propfemale>
bitter aftertaste
"stay <propfemale> ponyboy, stay <propfemale> "
"once again i'm left here waiting, wishing, and hoping  you would think i would have learned my lesson, but i guess not  oh well, i suppose i'll muddle through this last on my own and make the change next time so it doesn't have to be like this again  i will make a better tomarro, for me "
"if i could do any better, you would know by now"
"i had so much fun the past few days  got to spend time with some great people  saw a couple of alligators, got entirely soaked on more than one occasion, waited in rediculously long lines, performed twice on disney stages, sang, danced, and rawred my heart out on the jurassic park ride   and a couple of other rides too  smile "
good luck to <propfemale> fuxa and all of the northstar speechers cometeing at state speech today!!!!
wardrobe malfunctions make for an interesting day  smile 
congrats to <propfirst> city and north <propfemale>! job well done today  i love my little fuxa 
