05e692c5fa868db5396fdd604ac62a51
is a very happy man!  smile 
lets see how much more shit can get fucked up in the next day and ruin things    
hi <propfemale>   i love u!
"distance cannot separate our two joined hearts, i believe in us "
boy you think missing me is hard you should really try missing you its even harder
damn times up       gotta run     
one of the best things in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still loves you and wants to be a part of all the craziness  smile 
"if one day u feel lonely, feel like u have nobody, just remember to look back, u will always find me, i will always be there for u"
"i love when your smile makes me smile, when your kiss sends sparks all through me   but most of all, i love you for being you  love  i love you baby"
oops   hehe went kinda nuts there    
woohoo!! steelers won!!
"   life isn't about being someone others want you to be    it's about being yourself, and accepting yourself and others, for who they really are "
"id rather sleep than sit up, because when i stay up i think of u, but when i dream of u i actually get to c u!  smile  i love  u"
"when it hurts to look back and you're too scared to look ahead, just look beside you and your best friend will be there"
"i'd humor you if i could, but i can't go to hell anymore  satan filed a restraining order when i stole his horns    off of his head    yeah   "
"   i came to the dark side, now where the hell is my cookie?!"
hmm    i would say my hair if i was bein a smartass   but im not so   if u must know   stupidity  
kindness in words creates confidence  kindness in thinking creates profoundness  kindness in giving creates love ~ lao tzu
"missing someone isn't easy, but having someone to miss is wonderful, and even better is the anticipation and excitement of getting to see them again   laugh "
why cant it be friday?!? this sucks
hey!! who stole m fortune cookie?!?! give it back    i havent read it yet
hmmm    what can i do now   
arent there any drama free women out there?!?
don't walk into someones life if you intend to leave them
"k    well i been drinkin and its kickin in so im off to bed now if anyone sees this and cares to respond, go ahead and i will get back to u as soon as i can probably when i see any responses hehe     "
   is deciding whether to let <propfemale> slap you in the face or if i should just do it by myself!
"regrets, i've had plenty memories, i've had millions smiles, i've had trillions, but having you as my friend is the best thing in my life thanks for being you "
yep i went nuts     lol  smile 
   don't tell me you care about me when you don't!  i can handle the truth! what i can't handle is you playing with my head & my heart!!
"everyone keeps calling me mean, evil, etc  do you seriously think that's an insult to me?"
has decided there's one good thing about being single!! the only person that can let you down is yourself!
"is looking for someone who will accept me for me  my attitude, my sarcasm,  my way of showing affection, and my way of living life "
damn it im out of rum that sucks
done with dating     and relationships
says man was put on this earth to suffer     woman was put on this earth to make sure it happens!!   smile ( ironically it was woman who started it all )
yes!!! steelers won woohoo!!!
have you ever thought about looking through my eyes and seeing the world the way i do? well maybe u should cause then u would understand 
its amazing what boredom and stress does to a person    not to mention other things    
going insane   
feel a bit better now been talkin with my pinky
i was told to check my attitude  i did  it's still there   it's not gone anywhere  what's the problem?
my whole life i've been told 'if u cant say anything nice don't say anything at all' but then people are sitting there wondering why i'm so quiet all the time
going to watch a movie i guess   nothng better to do right now   
"got a new job, woohoo!! watch me go now!!! hah!!! take that ppl who didnt believe in me    "
is simply me  smile  dont like me   not my problem  take me as i am or dont take me at all  smile 
what you did to me is not as bad as what someone else will do to u in the future so keep it up <propfemale>'s worse than you think
"has zero intentions of pleasing anyone anymore, its all about me now! if you don't like it, remember how you got here so you can leave the same way!"
"good night to those who are still my friends, cya on the flip side, oh yeah i already flipped lol   "
"a real friend is someone who has seen you at your worst, but still sees the best in you   love "
"a friend will stick up for you and calm you down when your mad, but a best friend will skip alongside you with a shovel giggling \someones gonna get it! \"""""
"we all have to have something to do before going to work or just pass silly time away, me? im addicted to status shuffle    deal with it    hehe  smile "
"face me if u dare unless ur chicken,     i eat chickens"
"seems like some ppl should take thier own advice and have a little <propfemale>     thats my final word, i dare a response   "
wow this sucks noone to talk to   
ahhh     forget it im outta here
ok peeps im off to work have a good evening    
b-e-a-u-tiful perfect end to a perfect day     noone to talk to fucking grand  sad 
whats worse is i cant even get drunk    
hmmpph  should have known better      
now thats what i needed thank you shen tzu
"whats on my mind? hmm, thats a silly question, my hair"
yay time for some tunes
i love my friends they are the greatest!! dont ever change
"stop asking me whats on my mind, maybe its none of your business,    sheesh how intrusive      playful "
go steelers!!!
news flash!!! man kills for vitamins    the story tonite at 11   
yes!! 10 pitt nyj 0  6 <propfemale> 2nd qtr woohoo keep goin guys  smile 
oh yeah!! 24 to 0 woohoo!!
"truth is reality  wisdom is what you do with it  but, if you aren't being told the whole truth how can you make a wise decision?"
yay i get my vitamin fix in an hr and a half woohoo     playful 
oh pinky?  i need u to take over working these new plans to take over the world till i get back    and remember dont touch those vials u remember what happened last time  ?
ok see everyone later off to work i go     no im not gonna say it  
i so know what im doin come payday(besides payin bills)
"yesterday was a very emotional day for me, i took my pet rock out for a swim, and it drowned"
is sick of being told what i am doing wrong  would be nice is someone noticed when i do something right!
"\a friend is one who believes in you when you have ceased to believe in yourself \"""""
off to work i go    again just wish it was friday
tgif!!! cant wait till i get off work tonite woohoo!!
oh pinky? where are you? and why isnt my next project to take over the world finished yet?  hmmm???
what a boring cold day    
be back in a minute
is amazed that you people put up with all of my crazy crap and love me enough to call me your friend!  laugh 
oh oh cake!! has sugar mmm    that will do it
"i'm not crazy i'm just special! no wait maybe i am crazy   one second, i have to talk to myself about this hold on   "
oi     pink <propmale> yup yup
"almost that time again    just have to remember     just keep swimming, just keep swimming     playful "
"ok peeps good night goin to bed now, but i think its more like good morning for you, hmmmm"
never put your time and effort into someone who isn't willing to do the same   its not worth the ache   
"as a matter of fact, i do live in my own world, and only invited people are allowed to enter!"
"never try to convince anyone of your worth   if they can't see it for themselves, then you are not in their line of vision "
officially hates febuary    !!!!
to those of u who truly know me you are exempt from this statement     taoist immortal is now officially going to be the evil and mean person people say he is   and those of you who dont know me beware!!!!'
"ok ppl farmville is gone, im not going to play that anymore"
is not feeling well at all      sad 
"so tired    cant sleep this sucks    \so glad i dont get sick very often"
"nobody loves me anymore, thats ok though i can entertain myself i have rum"
im a closet case what can i say???  my straight jacket is lonely      playful 
is starting to look at life in a whole new way   
you can't change the hand your dealt but you can change the way you play the game
damn it whos winning   ?!?!
disgusted and disappointed!!!! damn    
im off work beckons we will see if they send me home  playful 
"its hard to make decisions when your gut instinct is confused and your head and heart are fighting, why isnt there a <propmale> for this?!"
well i guess i know i have all the answers to any of my questions now!!
whats on your mind?
wanting some warm weather for a change     tired of cold weather  sad 
well its bedtime for this beast    heheh     playful 
cant wait till valentines day is over   
"about to get my drink on!! so, i plead the fourth, the fifth, and the sixth on anything i say from here on out   "
"wishes the release of his soul from this energy trapping thing called life, true peace is only acheived when trapped energy is released    energy is better suited to be unconfined and unrestrained     life is like a battery and it eventually loses its power and becomes useless and pointless    how interesting"
the next person that that tells me happy valentines day     so help me grrrrr                
my new saying    'i dont fit in your 'reality' '
well this sucks get to work and my car decides to be retarded    hahahahahaha      thats all i can do is laugh     life is great grand and f*cking glorious the 3g's
has this overwhelming urge to kill everything in his path          
gggrrrrrraaaaaaagggghhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
"well ive been told on multiple occasions that im evil, well i guess i better start living up to it, i would hate for people to think that i cant live up to what they say or think i am    that would be ummm      disasterous      so to speak   "
"so anyway i feel better, now time for a shot or 2 and off to bed for this beast    mwuah hahahaha     "
ok off now leave ur comments in the mailbox and i will get to them later     if i feel like it    hehehehe
damn it     got a ticket on the way to work    grrrrr      im so freakin excited i could hug a freakin rainbow   
has a very deep and dark soul and its about to get darker       
"is playing with the rust at the bottom of the barrel    no, its my rust     stop that!!"
if you really want to know whats on my mind i will tell you but you will need a straight jacket when im done      hehehe  playful 
wow the audacity of some people is staggering     unbelievable!!!
you know     its hard to do a pinky and the brain bit when your pinky is gone?!?
i take each day one anxiety attack at a time!
pinky?!? is that you?
"yay its my friday!! take that monday, hahahah"
warning this person is dangerous when left unattended
is wondering if people really know what a 3g day is?
woohoo almost done 3 and half hrs to go  smile 
"it's sons week! if you have a handsome son or sons that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!"
"work, sleep, work, sleep, thats all     "
goodbye fb    
"anyone can touch your body,a few will touch your heart, but one will touch your soul "
bloody hell    gettin tired
damn it     i hate that!! all my wittiest remarks are always too late     sad 
is very bored  i bet you are too  why else would you have just sat there and read my status when you didn't need to  see i told you that you were bored too 
is contemplating a nap     thinking      still thinking     
oh man now i have competition on status shuffle?!?
happy birthday <propmale>  smile 
wow that was the quickest nap i never knew i took till i woke up   
is looking for something to get into-- leave suggestions below  smile 
"whom ever was in charge, to make sure i did no dumb stuff  well your fired!"
why is it that when you are tired your mind and body turn against you and sleep becomes the most elusive thing    sorry but an hr here and 2 hrs there does not constitute decent sleep     grrrr
it is alive      !!!
helping someone else through their troubles can often make your own go away if even for a few moments
"may not have everything he wants, but has everything he needs"
ok i think im done     no   wait     i feel a couple more coming    no wait im done   
heheh i feel loved  smile 
my mind   
everyone should remember one thing     beauty is in the eye of the beholder including but not limited to self!!
of course i'm weird! why would i ever want to be normal?
has lost his mind   if found handle with extreme caution it may be dirty and is definitely dangerous!
"has been known to cause dizziness, confusion, heart palpitations, temporary insanity, mood swings, depression, and the giggles  use with caution "
my dream is to be the <propfemale> in my pic cuz then i can slap you with my paws and u wont hurt me cuz im cute      playful 
has returned from the dead does anyone want to know what death is like?!  playful 
has decided to run away to the magic kingdom at the center of the earth
hmmm    seems someone has decided to unfriend me     well i guess thats fine   whos next?!
what a f'd up week this is goin to be
shot one down   
my mom always said if u have nothing nice to say dont say anything    well i heed those words    untill a certain given time    then all hell breaks loose  playful 
"ok im going to attepmt a shower now and go to bed, seems i cant do anything right which is no surprise to me  "
"has once again risen from the dead, and has to haunt someone or something so i shall return to do this momentarily    mwahahahahah   smile "
is wondering why people take things i say the wrong way    when im just being myself   ?!?
my thought of the night just before i start working       duh!!!!!
if you could have one nickname for me what would it be (comment)  smile 
holy moo cows im buzzed    might be time for bed soon   
"has decided that chasing his 'tail' is far easier, because he will eventually catch it, everything else is too tricky         playful "
oh look!! another random comment    blah blah yackety shmackety!!
damn it my hand hurts!!!  sad 
"be the person you are happy with, not who everyone else is happy with!"
they say good things are worth the wait   i'm wondering what the hell my number is and how long the wait time is!!!
put this as your status & see how people rate you: 1  crazy 2  i'd kiss you 3  hyper 4  jerk 5  i miss you 6  best friend 7  pretty 8  smart 9  dumb 10  i would date you 11  random 12  hot 13  funny 14  huggable 15  amazing 16  tough 17  cute 18  beautiful 19  loud 20  awesome! 21  i love you  smile 
ok i really need a sanctuary     the closet just isnt working      playful 
"new names    midnightfantasy, deadly whispers and <propfirst> oleander  laugh "
"love me, hate me, think im crazy, think im wierd, it doesnt matter im still me!!"
is suffering the dain bramage     
well now that was absolutely mind blowing     i feel like      wow     just wow!!
well me it was nice talking to myself your a credit to dementia    have fun and good night
there is a method to my madness and a madness to my method!!
"my true face hidden, my emotions locked away, my mind screams, with words i'll never say "
is wondering     if u die in your dream do you die in life?
guess the song 'im blue' from eiffel 65 fits then eh?
ok one of 2 things here im laughing cuz of lack of sleep (delirium) or im laughing cuz of what someone said       i think its a little from column a and a little from column b   
"follow your instincts, sagittarius  even if you have a tendency to listen more to reason, put it aside today  while your ears hear words, your intuition can hear what's between the words and unsaid, providing you with a bigger picture than whatever is presented  if everything sounds right but feels wrong, you'd be better off trusting your feelings  act with careful consideration and caution "
yay!! i have 2 of 3 animaniacs now woo hoo!!
brb modifications
k back
just lost his happy thoughts          
is so anxious      grrrrr     cant contain it      
has just decided that shrek is my new sleeping pill     playful 
"ok im going to save you all the trouble      yes i am a brat, and there is nothing you can do about it!!!! hehehe!!  laugh "
pretty bad when i beat everyone to work    
"ok this is my status but im not going back in there to make it one          \\is having a 4g day (for those of you who do not know what 4g stands for here you go     good, great, grand and glorious!"
has risen from the dead and would rather be back with them   
lies!! its all lies!!                           all of it     
signing off     yltnenamrep
is about to sell his soul for some good luck about now      
"it's not that i can't be good, it's that i'm so much better at being bad!!!"
why isnt it friday yet??
"one final thought      here is a piece of philosophy for you    are you or are you not your own 'higher power' as to say you are your own judge,jury and executioner?     really think about that!!! give it some serious thought"
"has decided at this very point    if u cant accept me for me then you can leave my life and never return, if i am too weird or strange or dont fit to your liking then please!!! dont waste my time or yours    it will save alot by doing so    so please choose now    i already know who some of my true friends are and if they know me then they will not be worried   "
you know something is wrong when you have to use alcohol to put your ass to sleep and it only works for a few hrs anyway    
i really need someone to smack over the head with a 2x4 or a bat and put my ass out     because i really dont want to use drastic measures     (trust me u dont want to know)
"ok this is really unusual for me to say, but i am really starting to miss slc       sad "
oh great     now i guess im an alcoholic    i drink alone and try and sleep guess i better up it to 2 fifths a week so i can sleep     hahaha now thats a laugh in itself   what is sleep??!!
see what i mean??? fuc*       !!!!!
cool    noone wants to talk to me then    see ya    
ok here it is      if anyone wants get a hold of me then u can text me or call me my number is in my profile if u dont have it and those who do well there you go        im done!!!!
here is a riddle      i am everything and i am nothing as well   what am i?
a longing for what could have been  regret 
is officially divorced!!!! woohoo!!!!  as of 7 days ago!! hell yeah!!
hello people !!!! history has just repeated itself   we are facing another england as far as the one that this country was created from (from within) now what are we going to do about it?? we the people!!!! god damn it when is everyone gonna wake up????
yay!! i have my blanket      just call me linus
"has decided he is better off chasing his proverbial tail    until he gets dizzy and falls down, then he is gonna get up and do it again   "
is e playful anding his horizons in many ways    
"alarm, snooze, alarm, snooze, alarm, brick  ok i'm awake! check fb, dr  pepper, shower, dressed, dr  pepper  pick up alarm pieces    ok, bring on the day!!!"
cool im already losing friends?! nice!!
is grateful for what he has in life  i don't have much but being grateful for what i do have will lead to my own happiness
"my feelings? oh don't worry about those, no one else does"
"wonders why he even tries anymore, it only ends in failure "
would anybody notice if i just disappeared?
why is everything in life a double edged sword??
one week left    
wow    i didnt want to talk to anyone anyway         so  playful 
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along    4 words are harder than you think!!!"
i really need a new laptop     sad 
"it's sons week! if you have a handsome son or sons that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!"
"we all have at least 60 friends on facebook; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to, how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee you, not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status  if you would be there for me, set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you!!! (i just did it for one of my       friends)    hmmm lets try it out & see"
out of town will get back in a day or two so will catch some of you when i get back hugs to all       laugh   smile 
glad i came down here met up with an old friend i havent seen in over a yr     smile 
"for sale- 1 heart, dont want it anymore"
stress sucks     
back home now    
im done with everything                 so long     
"salary of the us president,$400,000; salary of retired us presidents,$180,000  salary of house senate, $174,000; salary of speaker of house   $223,500; salary of majority minority leaders   $193,400   avg us salary   $33,000 to $77,000  avg military salary $20,000 to $30,000 hello! i think we found where the cuts should be made! if you agree repost! i think we should start from the top & work our way down "
"development of western consciousness, the"
note to self     drink rum not inhale it
hmmm     had a really good thought then i lost it    
wow im really numb       playful 
"guess i need to go through friends list     \remove those who dont talk to me anymore     "
"oooh have the spins\nice!!"
my screen wont stop spinning      annoyed 
damn!!!! i love rum!!! i can get smashed and the next day is just like i never even drank  laugh 
"is so bored, my boredom is bored     go figure"
"new societal definition: society has been created by anal retentive people who 'say' what normal is, ok well here is what i say to those people 'you' are not normal simply because you are afraid of yourself, and there is no definition for normal, and im far from finished with this thought   but i will be back     deadly whiskers"
woo hoo when the hay season comes i get to go <propmale> hay yay me!!!  laugh 
i need my pinky     where is my pinky??  sad 
"think about the good things i did to you, and think about the bad things that i didnt do"
"remember back in grade school how the only acceptable way to get someone to notice you was to aggravate them? pretend you're back there, and someone's recent behavior will finally make sense "
wow this really sucks i have  all these movies and cant decide what to watch      sad 
again i reiterate              has finally accepted that he will never be good enough for anyone
"you know i have to wonder what women want these days    i aint perfect, i aint <propmale>, and im not the greatest conversationalist,  i am who i am take me as i am or watch me as i go     thats all there is to it otherwise im done   i have no more energy for the guessing games(i actually despise guessing games)"
guess i will watch humanity fall and shake my head and turn my back and walk away
mmmm     chocolate covered cinnamon bears     my weakness    
wow    home alone and bored as hell     woo hoo yay me!!
off to work have fun      
"we all have at least 60 friends on facebook; but when it comes to needing someone to talk to, how many will actually be there for you? i can guarantee you, not even 15 of your facebook friends will like this status  if you would be there for me, set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you!!! (i just did it for one of my friends!)   hmmm, let's try it out & see"
"i have some new poetry out on <propfemale> poetry, titles are brightness in sorrow, and the eternal <propmale> if anyone is interested i wouldnt mind some input\thanks  "
this is so sad: please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity  people need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously  you could be sitting next to a stupid person right now  there is still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness! 93% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste 
oohhh my head hurts     no sleep    uunnghg!!
wants to go out this weekend    but doesnt know if he can    trying to trade in car    sad  and  smile 
"is so tired even after 7hrs of sleep, even his headache has a headache"
needs some good company    (keep wishin dude)
its a real shame some people cant be open minded    so lets see how fucked up i can get hehehe
"says screw being normal  if you're normal, people accept you  if you're deranged, people make you their leader "
