f05727ee7845398420e7de7139a83a5e
"just convinced facebook she is, indeed, a boy  wink "
"making a pizza, nom nom nom! haha, today was lame, monday however was just fantasmal (which is a real word, learned that in the 7th grade)  had a math test today, feeling optimistic about it! cross your fingers for me love "
"is a licensed driver, watch out  wink "
partypartyparty!
and i'll be gone in the blink of an eye
"i'll just let facebook go on thinking i'm male  baha,  smile "
"mm, locket isn't scheduled to get here until the sixteenth :{"
"mm, my secret storage compartment "
i think in 2011 i'm going to sing a little bit more!   love 
little orange kittens and blue eyes will always have the easiest time stealing my heart 
"tonight is the night i'm going to run to albertsons, pick up a coffee and some chapstick, come home, and just get lost in a good book  or a good conversation  whichever finds me first "
"beef toquitos with melted cheddar cheese are delicious, especially to snack on when you're in a not so positive mood  hello happiness?"
"i don't see what girls find so enticing about bad boys and guitars  it gets really old really fast  but maybe that's just because even if they're bad, my wildness still manages to surpass? haha, lame "
"i love it when i accidently run into people, and they pull me into a hug so i don't look as stupid "
"i'm sorry, but the wizard of oz always came first in my heart before <propfemale> in wonderland "
"in order to enjoy humanity you have to be able to look past religion, clothes, hair, money, past, home environment and every other minute detail in a person's life and see them for their heart, and their brain  not the walls put up around them  if you can't all you can do is hate  the people who can't see past all this are the truelly hideous one  and they probably do not enjoy humanity "
sunshine cleaning is probably the best thing to ever present itself to me 
i'm extremely determined to not spend the rest of my life in port orchard  or even washington really  i want a little more sunshine in my life!
"i need some gloves, there is a pair i really want, but they are fingerless (my fingers don't get cold anyways), and pretty pricey for gloves (around $20)  ughhhh "
i hid <propmale> <propfirst> !!!
"it doesn't matter where i am, i always look at the clock right as it turns 10:28  it's like my birthday is stalking me and calling out to me twice a day every day "
"i'm just growing my hair colour out to be honest  it might take a while, but hooray for soon to be natural hair  (i hardly remember the colour  annoyed )"
"i love how in joyride 2, the guy says \goldilocks\"" and makes about 20 other references to the girls hair before she notices that he knows she's blonde  and is probably watching her  3 days w o caffiene """
we don't even have chips and dip  i'm    deprived 
"most people are fairly rational, however, i am not one of them "
i want to go back to hot cocoa and <propfemale> canes and staring out windows at 8 in the morning when it's still frosty  but    now it's too warm  already 
i  can't stop watching 500 days of summer 
"i pretty much feel like the tin man every second of every day  only, i imagine it to be more like what it was for him before <propfemale> found him  i really do "
91% on english common assesment  who's n'est pas intelligent now mrs  richards?
i feel like spending the night doing a bunch of tedious things like braiding my hair into a million <propfemale> braids so i can wake up in the morning to a mane of waves  i think i just might  will 
"\i guess it doesn't matter what i am or pretend to be because it's her you'll always love and it's her i'll always envy\"" - <propfirst> and the hawk - \""a wish\"""""
"dear sour patch kids, please either become gentler, or less addictive  the roof of my mouth and my tongue depend on it "
"scope burns more then listerine  especially after sour patch abuse  oh, and it doesn't whiten as well  just saying "
watched some lacrosse with special-k  yehaha!
"i almost died because i thought my get well soon card went down with my portfolio, but it was salvaged, thank goodness it's amazing what kind of little, happy things get salvaged in the presence of complete destruction  completely amazing "
i can't believe i had to watch my favourite sea critter be slain indifferently today  why? why why why? what is so scientifically beneficial about killing mantarays? do they cure any vicious diseases? no  if you're just using something for evolutionary purposes you do not need to kill it  why would you kill something so haunting and majestic? just take pictures or something!
"so, i was looking online, and it said my car isn't a gas guzzler! in the 80's "
"it doesn't matter what i'm about to do, if bones is on, you can pretty much forget it "
"that moment of extreme disappointment when you go to do the final twist on your hair tie, and you have half of your hair through, but it's to thick and the hair tie snaps  yeah, i hate that  a lot  r i p hair tie # 963,000,570,833"
"sleeping in and getting a warm coffee with breakfast makes any sunday worth the monday, in my opinion "
"some days i feel like my heart, my brain, and my soul are three seperate, conflicting individuals stuck housing it together in a very crowded, uncomfortable body  i wonder if they ever have tea parties? or discuss literature, and dream theories, and poppies! oh if only "
imagine if every body part you had could speak 
"    root canal tuesday, they waste no time!"
i think that the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy gets a little more funny everytime i watch it  just a little bit 
"today i found a patch of poppies, and i took one, and buried my face in it  i wasn't aware that poppies where so <propfirst>! my face is coated in the beautiful, dark purple puppy dust! lovelovelovelovelovelove! love "
i think girl's night was sufficiently rocked  wink 
you're only fool's gold 
"people cry on the t v, i cry for them in real life \\svu svu svu!"
"r i p <propfemale>, christmas 2008-june 2010 "
"you don't have to stay if you don't want to, you really don't "
"i want to read <propfirst> <propmale>'s books  and then watch his movies all over again  i think out of all the writer's i've read tidbits from, i admire him the most  is that weird? out of all the writers i could possibly admire i pinned a horror writer \oh well  \i'd love to meet him  drink coffee with him  ask him about his actual fears, those kinds of things  you know?"
i really wish i owned sunshine cleaning  i'm going to have to see if i can find it when i'm with my dad 
"\what is normal?\""\",f05727ee7845398420e7de7139a83a5e,"<propfemale> taught me how to play scrabble, nya "
"well, i'm pretty sure i was one of the last to see inception  but i liked it "
"early day after early day after early day  maybe i'll adapt into a morning bird, and then my eyes won't be so tired and these little things won't annoy me so much \goodnight "
and i'm taking off for the weekend! hoorah <propmale> lake 
"i wish i was less absent minded and more able to find my mp3 player,\or less stubborn and more able to accept the fact that i'll just have to hunt for a new one "
"dear bedroom,\prepare for the feng shui \needed: world map, candles"
3 hour drive- same song on repeat the whole time  wa wa wa 
"and, off to spend a day wiff special-k!\\ excited "
"my new schedule should be this annoyed 1) cp jr english, 2) advanced algebra, 3) psychology, 4) us history, 5) french ii, 6) beg  ceramics\anyone?"
i love nursery rhymes 
soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda i want soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda i really really want a diet pepsi 
"i miss <propfemale> x100,000 "
"i have durham for adv  algebra \\please tell me i didn't just get sent to mathematic hell "
"dear rain, i'm wearing shorts anyways "
"tickets to hall & oates, check \dizzy passes, check \8 day countdown, commense "
one more day  smile 
i think my optimism becomes more and more prominent as time progresses 
i just sneezed the most satisfying sneeze out of any sneeze i've ever sneezed 
<propfemale> is coming to my soccer game! love 3
"i just put my hair into a bun, and then pulled a little red scrunchie over the hair tye, and now it just looks like a little red flower  smile "
"dinner, shower, homework cram "
i don't know why my dreams are so insistant on killing off everyone i care about   annoyed 
orcas and mantarays are sublime 
today has been    musical 
"dear today,\\i am very not happy with you > sad "
"i plan on being as darling as possible tonight, first real dance "
"dear everyone, i will no longer refrain from kissing your cheeks when you do something i appreciate  accept it "
"<propfemale> taught me how to dance tonight, kind of  smile "
"okay, i'll be at school friday, but not tomorrow  for my birthday, i'm sleeping in!"
thank evey single one of you!
<propfemale> and i saw saw 3d opening night! and it was worth all the money blown on popcorn and tickets and qfc snackies love 
"i need a massive palm massage, that is this essays only hope "
"so, <propfemale> nash signed my favorite little owl bag  \and <propfemale>'s going to teach me how to keep a beat  because i am very, very ryhthmically challenged   love "
"when i'm older, i just know in my heart that every bit of cash i have to save will be put towards seeing every little bit of the world \and housing a fluffy little kitten   love "
"i feel as though i've got <propfemale> city dancing on my fingernails \\c:"
"serendipity n  finding something nice while looking for something else\\c:"
"making chai hot chocolate while looking up some more cocoa recipes for the winter season  the hush sound on repeat  love \\i'm built for easy going days "
"i'm just going to go steal away <propfemale> for a 3 day romantic get away now   \\ love "
i miss being tucked in bed like a mermaid   
