7f49a7258bf895bcbc73c77f1cc8d05b
just did another show happy to be so tired!
i was just watching the motown 25 <propfirst> <propfirst> performance  i didnt realize  how influential an impact mj played in my life  for every song i could remember that stage and situation in my life  long live the <propmale>! thanks for the theme music for generations
"i love when my kids get on my nerves  it reminds me that they love me that much  but its got me savoring that alone time, when they go to sleep "
you can tell them youself theyll be up there next week  but i will give them a kiss and hug from you
i've lost myself  to all my family and friends i miss you and i need you in my life  call me 6155683022
just attended a great open mic last night at buckwilds if you can spit or think you can and you're in cashville come spit every thursday starting about 11!
umc batlles was wild tonight!
on my way to stage rehearsal for my show this sunday at san <propfirst> on harding place in nashville
great show at san <propfirst> last nite  getting ready for my next one on sept 4!
its monday! smile and thank god for blessing you with another day even if it is  monday
just finished some bangas!!! ima upload on myspace next week
to all my family and friends im finally back out of my cave  just fiished recording my album about 4 smile 0 this morning  next engineering then to the streets 
this dude playing me now i gotta go back and rerecord and make some new music free coipes to all my face book fam so let me know cuz itll be too late and youll have to pay the 5 
check out some new hits by stainless at imstainless@myspace com
still waiting for my songs trying not to take the violent approach 
stainles in the battlefield chipped sword tattered shield  blast back at niggas just to show em that is real yeah i got the steel  aint afraid to squeeze it  bet they catch my meaning when they body start bleedin 
i gotta show tonight 2 19 at union station downtown nashville it starts at 12  i go on at 1 smile 0
i got a show 2 26  soundtherapy starts at 10  419 union st  between 4th and 5th in nashville  show up!
got a show frriday march 12th @ sportspage downtown nashville 419 unionstreet
i just uploaded new songs and videos on myspace stainless bankai@myspace com
somewhere between heaven and hell god thoguht this a safe place to keep me 
i think im ready to go somewhere else  whats the point if people dont change
sometimes i forget why even with all that going on and happened in my lifey i keep going  and then i look at my seeds
they erase    the heartache frustration and pain
"now that thats out the way     to the world i knew the world i grew to realize im not even an an aboriginal or descendant of    you cool, but fuck you"
"just signed on for a really big mixtape! havent slept in over 2 days, again  i think im becoming more machine than man  also to lil sis <propfemale>  i can relate and if u ever need an ear just call  i dont sleep  call whenever"
just remembered that its not about you  or me its about us  the choices we make today decide our tomorrow 
"thank god for letting me wake up today  that a blessing too often overlooked  even when youre going through your worst, just be happy you're alive to go through it"
ok to any cook family descendants if you recieve a friend request from <propfirst> <propmale> accept thats <propfirst> son
im back and im thirsty for more
its all part of the game  you get focused they dont see you the same got my money right  hate got a face and a name  went to <propmale> goodman n got a k w a flame 45 and a mosburg to break thru your frame
back on the surface world
im down and down is lower than i thought  i dont think ive ever been this sad b4  or this kind of sad
make me wanna apologize to all ive ever wronged
the right way is not always the easy way
"to my facebook fam and fans igotta show tomorrow nite downtown nashvikke at the sportspage 419 union st   doors open at 9 show starts at 10 smile 0  yo, showup and showout"
"they said it wouldnt be televised, so i stay close to my computer  a revolutionary soldier who fighting for our future"
if you feel like no one loves you    i do  love each other  we're all we got
facebook makes it easier for old girkfriends to stalk u  make sure u dont put too much info in or make it private  or els they will find u  also if got fb on ur phone make sure that info i marked private
what is love ? and what has she done to me? love just gave me nightmares  and now i feel sick to my stomach   
gotta get my money right so i can get outta here  look for that stainless to kill a <propmale> coming soon just got my masters back right now 
if u stand up for what right god got your back  so why would i back down?
to anyone who reads this: i love u like god loves you  unconditionally  love each other in the same way
if god told u he was god  would u believe him?
think green? think u think me think us  think of the god we trust  think of how he touch the same ground make u  and now we rush to a mound of dust   
why is it when you say something that sounds impossible to everyone else  everyone wants you to believe its impossible too?
for all who dont believe me or believe in me    i am moving to the orient in the next 3-5 years
i think i starting to get tunnel vision  so focused on my goal i cant see anything else    but i have so much to pay attention to  gotta slow down and find my medium 
if you woke up this morning    then god has blessed you
"shouldve gone to soundtherapy  kcuf it, ill be there 2morrow  maybe i can sneak on stage"
"if u know my mother, then wish her a happy birthday  if u dont know my moms but read this on my wall    then wish her a happy birthday!"
"i start chess not checkers this weekend  its got classics like hustlin backwards, wonder why bitch, and the evolution of the n i g g a "
i miss the good ol days when in order to get the girk you had to b about something  now u just have to look the part  stop thinking with your eyes
"if u woke up this morning, then god already blessed u  with a new day, to change the things u didnt like about yesterday  so stop acting lik he doesnt hear ur prayers  after all, u couldve not woke up   "
"what happened to hip-hop? remember the struggle, from the furious five? how did we come so far?"
"what happened to hip-hop? remember the struggle, from the furious five?"
"why is r&b called hip-hop now? tre songz cool  but he dont emcee, dj, break dance  not even graffiti "
whoever says hip-hop not dead  is getting paid to say it
if we all agree god is love  and we were created in god's image  then arent we love?
was just think  we live in this world of convience now  remember what it was like before  videogames cell phones and the internet  before remote controls  when u had to get up to change the channel
"how is $20 worth more than a potatoe?  with a potatoe i can make baked mashed au gratin french fries chips twice baked  all i can do with $20,is buy some potatoes"
"money only has value  because we give it value  whats the value of a life  better yet, whats the value of god breathing life into u  or ur parents loving each other long enough to make you?"
down with the dollar! put people 1st 
"this ones for u religious nuts  i mean zealots  it pertains to race too so it may scare some away  when it says we were created in the image of god  its really saying we were creaed in the image of love  cuz god is \love\"" """
so stop acting like god made the earyh for blacks or asians muslims or christians  because he did it out of love   if u dont believe me read <propfirst> 3:16  for he so loved the world   
because how many of us can sacrifice the one thing we <propfemale> above all else for anyone on this planet? whether black white red brown or yellow  most wouldnt even do it for fam let alone the world  god is love  were made in the image of love
"if only we acted out of love  you could see it too, like i do  god is love  we are love  and love is the only weapon for hate   stainless"
i think ima stop searching and let it find me
you cant find your soulmate looking for your heart  you'll only find love when you look with your soul
happy birthday <propfirst>!
finishing chess not checkers revisted  look for show dates to follow soon 
blessing and prayers for <propfemale> and her fam  rip <propfirst>  thanks for being a man to my friend  and thank u god for the time u gave them  no matter how short it was 
stainless finally coming down off mt  sanai  ill be performing down at soundtherapy this weekend  at the sportspage 419 union street dwntwn nashville
thanks to soundtherapy  for the invite  it was good to share that nite with you
todays my baby <propfemale>'s birhday shes 9
to all my challengers  u amatuers  with no breath control no stamina  smashin melon heads like my real name was gallagher 
finishing the recording for chess not checkers revisted and to kill a <propmale> so look for those  then i got a collab album with m a x   and finally my 3rd solo  based on a true story  all of which will be available on soundscan and itunes  so stay tuned
why am i on facebook  cant find my old friends unless i know their last name  if u see me and recognize or just see me and think all yeah  hit me up
each day is a new day god gave us to try again  how will u make today different from yesterday  and tomorrow different from today? everyday is a new <propmale> to try it again  so thank god for today
im performing at soundtherapy tonight  dont know what ima perfom yet buti know its gonna b a blast 
sometimes i forget i do my music for the love  to reinvent hip-hop again  so that its about the preservation and the future  that i do it for u  thanks for giving me a reason  and being the reason  peace kings and queens  stainless 
"im ready  so if u hesitating    get out my way  to my bro ohboy!!! i miss u bro  stay alive  peace <propmale>, stainless"
i like sleep  too bad it dont like me
yo if u aint heard yet  stainless and m a x working on a long awaited and participated collabo   spy vs spy
yo if u aint heard  stainless and m a x have just started  the long awaited and anticipated \ spy vs spy\,7f49a7258bf895bcbc73c77f1cc laugh 05b,so many shows so many times
another show sunday sound therapy at the home plate 128 9th ave nashville
got another show this friday march 25th at undetons at te muse
my oldest daja bday this wednesday march 23rd  so get her a gift or call and wish her the best
had a great time at soundtherapy sunday  im told i killed  if u missed it ill be at undertones this friday 3 25 11  the floor above the muse 
"thats undertones this friday! 3 25 11 above the muse  @ 835 4th ave south nashville, tn 37210  show starts at 9 smile 0 cpt"
4 hours of sleep  why is it when im sleep the whoe world wants to talk to me?
why cant i make a comment without having it scrutinized? everyhig i say or feel is better known as an opinion 
"rehearsing for soundtherapy tonight  they said go ham so im goin hamburgular!!! undertones 835 4th ave s  nashville, tn 37210 starts@ 10"
"   its evident where i been  i leave a massive disaster  ur fans reporters and flashin cameras  my statement  it all came with aiming  survival and <propfemale>  detroit street training  then \all hail the stainless\""   """
its almost showtime!!!
i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has diabetes  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it just for 1 hour? do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it  i hope to see this on all statuses today! for my mom and my brothers
just waking up this afternoon gotta thank god  i got to take a nap in the afternoon
check out some of my new music at www myspace com imstainless
had a great time at sound therapy last night  hope u guys had a blast
just left sound therapy  that mofo was dumped  thanks for the love and support  and remember im coming   
i dont know why  but they've asked me to perform at soundtherapy this friday  if you'd like to find out too  show up!
