77921ec3bc9fea9a3f5034d5ad79530f
"my facebook is so crappy, everyone come back to myspace please  sad   playful "
"lol feel bad haven't been on here in like a year and have been ignoring everyone, oops"
i love you weekend!  smile 
sounds about right
vacation time vacation time    im such a loser
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status  fair is fair )"
i got a cute dressss
what it do
so excited to add everyone i know in littlerock! and to find my mom on facebook!  smile 
who is coming to fieldhouse thurs for heaths bday?
$$$partied like a rockstar$$$
i really did want 457 friends like everyone else on facebook but then i realized im a loner ahahahaa
 smile 
feel like crap tired of having a cold
???u? ?u??????p ? ?o?? p??o? ??? ?? ?oo? ? ?u????
"would love to join a gym if i didn't have to pay a 300 dollar one time enrollment fee, 700 dollar some other fee, and first and last months $39 97 monthly payments   "
i want to live in another country
why am i still awake    insomnia    is that you?
 wink 
wish it would rain every single day
"it's amazing what you learn when you stop thinking and just start watching and listening to what is around you, i sound like i'm stoned but i'm not ha"
let's go bowling?
"i'm the boring sign of the zodiac, great   "
"fringe  that's it  that's all i will watch  i do not like anything else on tv  i hate dancing with the stars  i hate gossip girl and everything else similar, which is everything  i used to like the news but it's obviously biased which is annoying and there's barely anything important on the news anyway, so what is the point  tv is disappointing, i'd rather read "
"fringe season two is released on september 14th, i know what i want for my birthday   "
"you lock the door \and throw away the key \there's someone in my \head but it's not me  \\and if the cloud bursts, thunder in your \ear \you shout and no one seems to hear  \and if the band you're \in starts playing different tunes \i'll see you on the dark side of \the <propfemale> "
it's been an interesting weekend   
"leave\ one memory that you and i had together, it doesn't matter if you know \me a little or a lot, anything you remember, just comment here   "
 love 
did you know that twinkle twinkle little <propfemale> and the alphabet song have the same tune? why are you singing to yourself   
hello?
 love  sublime   
"let us leave this place where the smoke blows black and the dark street winds and bends  past the pits where the asphalt flowers grow we shall walk with a walk that is measured and slow, and watch where the chalk-white arrows go to the place where the sidewalk ends "
aint no rest for the wicked     wink 
chillin at treasure island free wi fi
"looking at the mn state fair commemorative <propmale> that people send in for the posters every year, and thinking about how amazing it would be if they picked me   "
internet radio is addicting   
"tired from staying up til 5 am this morning, waking up at 7am going to the fair, am home now, waiting for something exciting to happen on facebook, yeah right   "
"i think i need a good friend, a good drink, and a good hug, am i looking for you?"
thinking to myself that i would rather be weird and misunderstood than be anything else     smile 
the atm wished me a happy birthday today
thanks everyone  smile  xoxo
 wink 
facebook is    weird now?
facebook wall is looking like it needs some comments     wink 
déjà vu   
pink <propmale>  love 
 wink 
 wink 
i miss my grandpa! rip
 love  littlerock
nothing is on my mind    better that way anyway
"it's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives "
alrighty then   
put this on your status and see what people love about you! i love your ____ 
"my internet connection is pretty much broken temporarily until   ? i'm getting a connection outside, but it's cold   "
i love donating!
"thinking about my best friend! hope you are okay \and i miss you!!!"
applebees tonight  smile 
"never thought my littlerock pictures would get so many comments \it's like a monument "
pretty good day
attempting to play farmville   
just bought plane tickets to san <propmale> in january  smile 
fear makes strangers of people who would be friends  -<propfirst> maclaine
excited to go home in one month  smile 
champagne redbull & sometimes liquor  wink 
"wants you to send me a number in a message, and i will post a status about you using your number   only we will know it's what i think of you!  i promise to be nice!"
"#427    first thought in my head    very curious how you came up with these <propfirst>, do you have three favorite <propfirst> or is this random?\anyway! you have made me laugh a lot so thank you for that  thanks for letting me wear your coat when i was freezing, and thanks for introducing me to ikea good times for sure    i think you're cool and a little bit of a dork which is probably why i like you so much  smile "
#25 i think you're awesome & a very talented person  really nice pretty much all of the time  great style & the videos you post on facebook are cool!
#42 7 only you would pick a number like this    you get a bad rep most of the time but you know who ?'s you   
"#1 you are number one! haha  wink  i think you are probably one of nicest people i've been lucky enough to meet since i've lived here! you have good taste in music  you seem like you have a better attitude are more of a social person than i am, which is why everyone loves you  i would love to know what your secret is   "
i love coffee  love 
"4:20 in the morning, getting ready for the day, \2 hours of sleep, bring it   !"
"please put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this"
toss your dashed hopes not into a trash bin but into a drawer where you are likely to rummage some bright morning   -<propfirst> brault
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
i think i taught a little kid how to wave today  smile 
vacation     smile 
hanging out with my aunt in san <propmale>  smile 
i've been on 4 trains probably 5 cars and what will be 2 planes    traveling everywhere what a crazy week
back!  smile 
i love the phoenix 1901 song!
sublime second hand smoke
"facebook has kinda turned into a soap opera   \does everything have to be dramatic?"
i had a flippin good day today!
new fringe episode    yes
hate when weird strangers knock on your door  do i know you? no  am i going to answer the door? no  do i care what you're trying to probably sell to me? no 
my favorite typo that i make: eight instead of right haha
too busy listening to music & drawing instead of sleeping
gossip is a game without a winner 
"so    i was going to go out tonight but this stupid cold and a lack of sleep say no!\lol eat watch tv & sleep, works for me "
my co workers are too cool  wink 
found a perfect pair of jeans for two dollars today  wink 
weekend  smile 
optimist: person who travels on nothing from nowhere to happiness  -<propfirst> twain
