33eb16ffb60fcba529e610a811d892b3
i don't know what i'm drinking but it's from sonic and it's really good  smile 
i'm finally home with my son  somehow i managed to have an 8 lb 4 oz baby  it's pretty impressive!
my arm is getting tired!!! lol
spending the evening with my baby  why does he only want to eat?
im getting good at doing everything on the computer with one hand! lol!
teaching my baby to like some good old ac dc  i know his grandparents will appreciate it 
sure am glad my babies feeling better  maybe he'll let me get some stuff done today 
the $5 <propmale> box is back at taco <propfemale>!!! (thats really what it's called lol!) yay!!!!!!!
"what a busy day! we got baby pictures this morning    quite the ordeal, of course  but i managed to get a day to myself so i can't complain  i packed my son up and shipped him out  hes seeing both sets of grandparents today     and me and <propfirst> get a night out to party! yay!!!"
marius is starting to get so big!! makes me sad  sad  he's getting really good at moving his hands and feet and recognizing some words! he wishes he could talk already 
marius weighs 10 lbs and 3 oz now! i'm back at work and waiting to see how he does with the babysitter   sad 
"yay! we got marius' pictures today! they turned out really good despite the fact that when he got them he had a bad break out of baby acne, just part of being a baby, i guess  i think he still looked awful handsome "
<propfemale> with a pepsi chaser    not quite like with a lime    then again i don't know what it's like with lime so it's all good!
figuring out babysitters is hard 
marius weighs 11 pounds and 14 ounces now!!! i'm so excited everytime i find out how much he weighs  i'm not sure whats so exciting about that but there's something  he sure doesnt' like being pinned down and getting shots though 
today i just want to have a good day  haven't had to many lately so i'd really like to have fun 
i can't get any of my pictures to upload  grrr!! maybe someday i'll get a picture of my first tattoo on here 
"i only have one load of laundry left and amazingly it's practically all folded  i'm almost proud of myself, but not quite  it's to bad i didn't get it all done "
i can't believe my son is teething already  it's way to soon for that  i don't care that some babies are born with teeth  i wanted time before we had to go through this ordeal 
"long, long, long drive ahead!!"
my little boy finally got to meet his sister  she thinks he's ok 
aww justins cooking breakfast for supper 
yay! no kids tonight! it sure is nice to get a night to ourselves 
quarters just seems like about the best game in the world right now! i suck at it but im getting better! even made <propfirst> take some drinks the other nigh     amazingly!
"it's such a nice day, i'm taking the baby for a walk  and then back to some housework   sad "
this has been such a long week    between me and <propfirst> we're pulling like 6 doubles  should be a good paycheck!
busy cooking supper! we'll see if i can cook some onions and garlic that even come close to my mother-in-law's! her's are amazing!
"well, not quite the same but we were still pretty happy with our supper last night!"
my poor baby's knees are all red from scooting around on the floor  i think we need to get him knee pads 
just one more day and then 2 days off with my man!!!! i can't wait!!!!!!!
"man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys  if he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it \\got to love fyodor dostoevsky "
"it doesn't matter if it is good, \it only matters if it rocks  \the main thing that we do is to rock your socks off "
"finally air conditioning!!!! i know i only had to go one day without it, but oh my god it sucked! poor marius got a first taste of what summer will be like    unfortunately he got it in our house!"
got lost coming home! it was fun  i thought just maybe wed end up in oklahoma but sadly we ended up right by pawnee rock   sad 
"why is it no matter how hard i try to keep the dishes done after every meal, they never end up getting done? i could try a little bit harder, but i have doubts about it helping "
"well i got the dishes all done, now i just hope they'll stay that way!\\and marius is totally holding his own bottle!!! just thought i'd throw that out there  it's such a little step, but man it's a huge acompishment, and oh so nice!"
omg! allergies suck!!!
how come guys think they need to sleep like a million hours?!? i have been ready to go to great bend for ever now  at least the baby is getting a decent nap out of the deal 
"so having a baby is totally worth it, i got a wonderful son out of the deal     and yet with the lake coming in only a few days, i'm wishing i'd started a post pregnancy work out routine a little bit sooner  there's fat in places there never has been in my whole life and i'm not liking that part so much "
i am so ready for the lake and some good ol' fashioned camping! just have to get through work tomorrow and then a peaceful weekend at kanopolis  i hope the kids behave 
had such a bad headache!!! took a nice nap and now i feel way better!
soooo ready for 2 days off!
i miss my baby and wish he was at home 
finally done with  mhdd training!! it felt like a million years! now i get to look forward to tech training 
so not ready to go back to work tomorrow  but i guess money is nice 
watchin marius watch spongebob squarepants is just about the funniest thing i've seen in weeks!
"i think i might just complain for fun today because my back hurts, and i think it might be because of my babies "
"well, another little boy is on the way! he's due february 18th  i'm starting to get excited!!"
"and i have doctor ordered back rubs, so i'm excited about that too!!!!!"
why does my son only say mama when he's whining?
had spaghetti piled high with mushrooms and cheese! it was amazing and i don't even like spaghetti  today it was wonderful though 
it's my first day of class!!! yay!!! im super excited 
marius's first halloween was lots of fun for me  he had no idea what was happening but we got lots of <propfemale> and he got to make a fun chocolate mess today!
definately shouldn't have gotten out of bed this morning  i'm still so tired 
has way to much going on 
ahh today was the first time marius injured himself and we had to wipe through all the blood to find where it was coming from  someday not to long from now we'll be wiping through the blood and deciding if he needs stitches  at least that day wasn't today 
"i was absolutely so proud of my little boy!! he stood up without any help from anyone or anything  his little legs got almost all the way straight before he lost his balance and fell over  i'm kind of sad because i'm not ready for him to walk yet  but with his brother coming in two months, i do hope he starts walking soon!"
"february, please come soon!"
thank you for all the birthday wishes!
owwww leg cramps suck!!
my little boy is getting so big  i'm so glad he's started walking  before to long he'll be running and then i'll be in for an even harder time 
had such a long day  birthday parties are hard to plan and get ready for  but i'm so glad my little boy had such a nice 1st birthday 
"oh guitar hero i will always be faithful to you, no other game will i play, except maybe rockband someday  so maybe its my guitar controller that i'm faithful too "
it just dawned on me out of the blue that in just 3 weeks my baby due time zone commences  i'm not quite sure if i'm ready yet 
finishing off the leftover teriyaki stir-fry    not because i'm exceptionally hungry right now but more because i feel like it and at this point in my life it's totally ok for me to eat just because i want to   smile 
e playful ecting a baby any time 
i'm home already and feel pretty good  i can't believe i had my son without the epidural  it really sucked but was over really fast 
"greysen is one week old today! i thought the time flew after marius was born, but that was nothing compared to how fast it feels with both of them to take care of "
"had a long day with my children, but it was still a good valentines day  <propfirst> definately did a good job with my valentines  he's so wonderful "
watching moulin rouge!!! i love this movie so much!!!
broke my glasses!
"made the switch to diet coke  i now know the reason that diet pop is better for a diet, not because it has no calories, that hardly matters; it is because it tastes like crap and you have no <propfemale> to drink very much of it "
had my first day of work  boring paperwork 
