b0b2b3a0cd38b710d8b7bdb844f4409d
is mentally shot haha
life isn't fair because we dont't make it fair 
"my eyes burn, my fingers are cut, and i'm starving   yup i'm alive haha"
has mucha tarea and cleaning to do this weekend : p
i'm going to be so sore tomorrow   but today was so much fun!!!now homework time again haha
sometimes thinking about things just makes it worse : p
dejame i was showering and i was listening to my laptop haha
tired 
how the hell do i log  out of facebook now!!!
found it haha its like they don't want us logging out anymore lol
and so begins the <propfemale> of a new age    
learn how to cook with the culinary arts club!!! 1st general meeting is tomorrrow from 12-1 in the hshw building room 2 116  hope to see you all there!
learn how to cook with the culinary arts club!!! 1st general meeting is tomorrrow from 12-1 in the hshw building room 2 116  hope to see you all there!
"next culinary arts club meeting thursday march 4, 2010  we will be cooking omelettes!!! be on time!"
hmm lol sure i've just been really i mean extremely busy but for sure if i don't get an internship! : ) i should be around : d
i didn't realize i actually have two tests tomorrow   way to go <propmale> haha its going to be a long night : p
my eyes burn!!! i don't think staying up till 4 is good lol
spring break!!! yay fun!!!! wait not really i got a crap load of programs and study guides to do :   damn engineering
things just never seem to end
"culinary arts club: sorry everyone, but the meeting for today has been canceled   we are really sorry about this, but please keep a look out for the next meeting   again, sorry for any inconvenience and hope to see you all around "
culinary arts meeting tomorrow! 12-1 room 2 168 of the human sciences and human services west building!
i'm going to rhode island for the summer!!! anybody been there?
one more week then we're out
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
it all goes down tomorrow   
skim boarding is hard!
pos cuando me pagues la entrada!
two more weeks    just two more weeks
season finale of lost right now!!!
done buying all my casual and bisiness attire  now just got to wash and pack
i miss texas :  
anything worthwhile takes time 
rhode island isn't that bad actually   
"compared to the new port beach, spi is the shit!!! haha i never realized how cool texas was lol"
beautiful day outside   not too hot not too cold just fresh : )
beautiful day outside  not too hot not too cold just fresh : )
finally found hot cheetos!!! i was beginning to think they didn't have them up here haha
i had never smelled so much freshness in the air in my life! the botanical gardens in ri are amazing!
avatar movie tonight : d anyone down? haha
can't wait to go to broadway and watch phantom of the opera!!! it should be amazing!!!
uh oh i got myself a personal trainer and workouts are going to be hard core   kinda nervous now haha
":   all i got to say is <propfemale> you were right, the last air bender is disappointing   i still like it cus its avatar and momo was in it but its still disappointing   hope the next one is better!"
wow i spent the whole day thinking today was thursday! haha
"i got my first razor cut and it hurt!!! to top it off its on my lip   how i got cut there, you don't want to know lol"
"went to <propmale> woods, kayaked, swam, ran, hiked, got lost, got found(after an hour or so), left the park, got lost again,ended up at a casino (dont see the point to it, ppl looked so unenthusiastic about it haha) and now waiting for the bus   its been a long day : p and tomorrow   colt state park : )"
"bristol parade- the oldest, longest continuous 4th of july parade in the us and i'm going to see it : )"
three hours of a 4th of july parade   no more parades for the rest of the year!
"\you can bomb the world to pieces but you can't bomb the world to peace\"""""
ok now that i'm re watching avatar the last air bender cartoon i realize that the movie sucked cus the kid playing ang was too serious haha i like the cartoon way better
tough mudders race next february   who's up for it?
lol people in the east coast are making a big deal cus its going to  spike above the 90's tomorrow haha they should see how tx gets lol don't get me wrong it is hot but what makes it worse is that its humid
ok they weren't kidding when they said it would be hot :  
holy crap! i'm going to new york today!!!!
wow i didn't e playful ect new york to be so dirty   
central park is amazing    totally worth the 20 blocks of walking to get here haha
made it home from new york   man what a trip!
"good bye new york, hello boston! haha does anyone know what is the main thing to do in boston? i'm going next weekend : )"
"there are two things i find captivating in this world, jelly fish and snow globes    i just can't stop looking at them!!!!"
i got a new puppy!!! well make that three haha but i keep one and two get sold :   too bad i can't see them till i get home      i miss my home : (
whoohoo my cooking is getting better!!!
<propfemale> griffin is hilarious!!! : d
so the million dollar question is    how do you use a compass? (haha only one person knows the real answer) : )
"so this weekend: go to the native american pow wow, work out w my trainer, go to the hot air ballon festival, and go water skiing tubing with my coworker   sounds exciting but to make things more interesting, everything is in a diffrent part of rhode island  its gonna be a rush lol"
"lol this is what a drunk guy kept yelling on the bus home \ its a pink man! look pink! a pink man! pink pink! like a vagina!\"" lol he was so amused by the white sunburned guy haha say not to drugs and alcohol lol"""
so it turns out i am indian after all haha no not indian from india   native american : ) makes sense though
might ride a hot air balloon! : ) hope the wind dies down so we can get going : d
: ( boooo no hot airballoon ride cus the wind is too strong :   oh well at least i saw one haha
"didn't get to water skii or get on a hot air balloon buuuttt i got to go water tubing ( which is killer), then on a boat ride( rough ride )  and drove a jet ski! it was freaking awesome!!! : d now to a music festival   "
"to do list before leaving rhode island: go to boston, block island, surf, ok go concert, eat at a fancy restaurant, museums, <propmale> exhibits, and the black boat festival"
dammmmmnnn! i had not idea water tubing and jer skiing could get you that sore :   butut was worth it : )
damn imax was sold out for inception   now i got to wait till next tuesday   i got to go to the imax before leaving ri haha
three weeks before i go back is a long time but i'm already getting nervous :  
ok boston is going to be a bit more e playful ensive than i thought : p
"when i get back, i'm going to give all my friends a big hug! haha i miss home"
just had the best food i've had since i moved here!!! can't even walk! fire and ice is freaking awesome!
just met <propfirst> facinelli   all i gotta say for meeting my first celebrity is wow haha he ws really fun to talk to
oh man    providence is freaking awesome!!! haha too bad i'm leaving soon :   but its ok i'm going home : )
"so instead of going whale watching today i met <propfirst> fascineli, went to the mall  worked out, watched salt and spent the whole night dancing at a music festival : d i'm content and tired haha and tomorrow   off to do more : )"
time heals everything
"had an awesome night tonight : d <propfemale> , cristen    you guys crak me up!!!!"
haircuts in providence are not the same as haircuts in edinburg :  
going to watch inception again but in imax : )
i was more amazed by watching the <propmale> potter trailer in imax than inception haha
how the heck do people walk around in sandals all day!  i can do it around the house but actually going some where in them     damn!
what the hell is jersey shore and why is everyone so excited hahahaha
so it seems like a whole bunch of you can never sleep at night    i don't know what you guys are doing but as soon as i hit the bed i'm out! haha maybe you all should go out and do something to get tired
son of a crap!!!! i outgrew my jeans again :   when the heck do i stop growing cus this is getting e playful ensive : p
holy shit ima ride a train !!! haha
i'm going to boston : d finally!!!
absolutely loved boston!    got home last night and i was dead tired : p
i was climbing some cliffs yesterday and dropped my phone into the beach : ( so now i got to buy a new one   which one is better the samsung intercept or the moment with google
so i put on one of my shirts that i haven't worn since i started working out and it doesn't fit me anymore!!! lol its too tight!!! guess the work outs are working after all hahaha
who will save us from a falling bridge?
so whats this whole thing about shark week? im planning on going to block island this weekend    is it not safe or what?
need another book to read   any suggestions???
home is where the heart is   and right now my heart is in texas    i really want some tacos!!!
these last two weeks in ri are going to be tiresome! i got to do as much as i can before i leave the east coast!!!
what the eff!!! walmart closes at 10 pm in rhode island?! what happened to open 24 hours a day! haha
got a new phone so text me your <propfirst> please!
text me your numbers   i broke my old phone and have no contacts
wild flower! haha i miss you too! i go back next weekend : )
"block island: ferry ride - $22 55, surf board rental -$25, bike rental - $25, food - who knows, hotel - yeah right, sleeping on the beach - free, for everything thing else   there's my debit card! hahaha just got paid and i'm going on my last trip manana!"
block island was amazing!   it is the most be spectacular places i have ever been too!
crap   i lost my apartment key and now they are going to charge me 150 for replacing it   what a rip off!!!
had so much trouble sleeping last night   thats what i get for staying at my apartment all day and not excercising
glow in the dark sperm   wtf!? hahaha
ok let me rephrase that   genetically engineered glow in the dark sperm!?! wtf! haha
god takes care of me no matter where i go   but then he screws me over in other things haha ah the wonder of life
does anyone know of any good universities in spain???
might go study abroad in spain for the spring semester!!! : d if not for sure for the fall! i don't know how but i'm going next year one way or the other : )
last week in the east coast   damn i'm leaving before the winter season starts :   no winter sports for me this time haha
should i go back to boston or should i go to the film festival?
lol i took the which toy story character are you   and i got matched up with <propfemale>! wtf!?!?! i'm not blonde hahaha
four more days and i'm back in good ol' texas!  can't wait to eat some real mexican food!
"so ideally this is how it goes   get home, then go to mexico, come back, move into the dorms for training, start school, finish and pass all my courses, then christmas break, then come back and take off to spain for the spring, come back and take off hopefully to alaska for the summer(lol i want to try an internship there   smile  )"
i want tacos de bistek!
going home in two days! then its off to mexico!
ok the one thing i'm absolutely bad at is saying goodbye haha and not because i find it hard but cus i sound like a total idiot doing it  i dont even know what to say haha   it sucks
"beautiful day in providence-sunny, cool breeze, white fluffy clouds in the baby blue sky   its like this place is saying \ya vez cabron   and you're leaving\"" haha"""
"a walk through the park, 1 hour work out, movie and ddr - best way to spend my last night in providence : )"
"i hate flying > : | such a rip off esp with luggage   i threw out my blanket, towel and pillow cus my suitcase wwas overweight   still had to pay 50 extra bucks from the initial 60 :   oh well lucky i had the mula haha"
the e playful endables was freaking awesome! cant wait for red to come out
finally back in texas and all i got to say is wow! it is really different from the east coast : d first thing that gave it away was the heat! lol oh well one more flight to go!
woke up to a whole bunch of rats licking me freaking dogs haha
wow i see hurricane <propfirst> really did some <propmale> damage! everything is flooded!
gotta keep my eyes on the prize!
resident evil comes out this week!!!
i need to fix my bike :  
"2 month old chihuahas for sale!!! they are small, but my mom doesn't want them anymore   let me know if you are interested i'll post some pictures up"
i am super gay lolololol - ha!! (<- my laugh) -- pwnd
so who messed with my profile???
i'm <propfemale> tired : p
at san isidro   i like the quiet of the town : )
zombie attack was hilarious!
house cup coming up! hopefully all goes well
i need a laptop : p
unity evens take the lead!!! next up in-door soccer : )
freaking douche bag almost side-swiped me off the e playful ressway and why? cus he was on the phone   please ppl if you cant multi-task dont text and drive
everybody who is for <propmale> potter thursday night say i    i!!!!
"life keeps giving me lemons, but no sugar lol"
what ever happened to responsibility?
if you want to try free european food  go to the student union tomorrow at 4 pm for display cooking by chef <propmale>
distinguished chef <propmale> at the union today at 4pm free european food!!!
can legally drive again : d
my eyes burn  surprise 
does anybody have a <propfemale> clause suit i can borrow on tuesday? or a red robe???
damn today is pie and ra day   
the dorms are dead : p
lol to catch a predator is hilarious!!! those guys are ridiculous and <propfirst> hansen is outragous : d
about to leave the dorms   idk if thats good a bad    i kind of liked them empty haha
lol so how does it feel to be the only one in the theatre??? freaking awesome!!!  its like my own private showing!  haha
last day in the valley before i leave to mexico : p
off to mexico : p
its beginning to look a lot like summer   and thats cus we are in the middle of freaking december   idk but i think its safe to say something is wrong
so how is everyone liking their extended summer?
"what's on my mind?  \god damnit my eyes burn!\"" thats whats on my mind lol"""
"so winter finally decided to come, better late than never haha"
the kinect is freaking awesome! but unfortunately i still suck at video games lol
can't decide if 3 hour shifts are fun or not haha
"only been to two classes and it already seems like its going to be one hell of a semester, time to buckle down >: )"
damn work outs are beginning to be a hassle : p
i feel oooooooold
damn books are e playful ensive but its a necessary evil to buy them haha
"running for utpa homecoming <propmale> with <propfemale> \gonzalez as <propfemale>!!!!"
damn    i step outside and fall because of the ice  note to self: never wear running shoes on ice
utpa homecoming <propmale> and <propfemale> elections start on the  10th! check your emails!!!
"vote! vote! vote! check your emails, ballots are out! you have until next wednesday to do so!!! smile "
last day to vote is tomorrow 4 surprise 0!!!!
"\times of need are not enough to prove your friendship \""  found this lying on the desk meaningful huh?"""
"congratulations to the homecoming court of 2011!   <propfemale> gonzalez: homecoming <propfemale>, ruth: homecoming <propfemale>, <propfemale> gomez: homecoming dutchess, <propmale> martinez: homecoming <propmale>, and <propfirst> galindo: homecoming <propmale>  thanks to all those who participated in the homecoming 2011 elections!  hope you all continue to participate throughtout the year and keep up the school spirit!!!"
"wow, i've been looking at my tagged pictures and i realize we've all come a long way  life is moving so fast yest so slow"
lesson number 1: always make sure you are saving things correctly when using library computers : p totally screwed up so now i have to retype everything haha
"just wrote the worst paper i will have ever written! from now on, i will make damn sure to save things properly while at the library  annoyed   i had done way better the first time around"
i'm so dumb for not logging out   why am i like this?
yes!  i got my old laptop fixed! now i can be way more productive!!! haha
oh snap!!! warrior dash is coming up! gotta get in the zone again!
basketball game tonight at 5 smile 0!!! wear pink to support breast cancer awareness  see you all there!
time to let go : )
cumbia lessons starting tomorrow! : )
the dorms are once again empty   pretty awesome! haha its sooo quiet
warrior dash is awesome!!!  tiring but extremely fun : d
so many things i could possibly do with my life but not enough time  how to choose   how to choose?
"according to my professor \ everyone wants to go to heaven but no one wants to die\""     now that sounds like a problem haha"""
"congratulations to <propfemale> and <propfirst>, mr  and mrs  vasquez!!! may you all live long happy lives together!  smile  besides, there is always <propfemale>!  laugh  jk <propfemale> haha"
