af2013c383d969afe5c64e29958db41f
is bored to the extreme: the internet!=p
"has a confusingly amazing secret that no one will know until after the fast  don't worry, it's not bad "
is excited cuz the fast started today!target building here we come!and my secret          
just got back from watching kids at church(in the infants for the first time) and now im not looking forward to a night of complete boredom!
is so bored! i want to sleep!
just got back from church and it was awesome
is facebooking! duh!
feels like shes dying      it hurts      make it stop!!!
is worn out from running around walmart trying to help <propfemale> get everything she needs!
is tired and thirsty  water!
just woke up and is feeling motivated  can't wait til saturday though!
is going shopping!!!!!!!!      at       walmart- -
is possibly going to a mary-kay party(note the possibly- -)
is bored
just got back from <propmale> e  cheese  i hate that stupid rat! he freaks me out!!!
is finally ungrounded  it's about time! four days of torture =p
bored to death  ugh  argument paper not fun  i will do it tomorrow  bleh   
"done with school, and did not enjoy it  big surprise  time for   i don't know  i guess i'm a loner -_-"
"bored to death  well, almost  at least i have not encountered any staircases or anvils yet =p"
just watched cirque du freak and it was awesome  i want to read the books now   
"finally on, and getting off soon  nothing to do, dinner at grandpa's, and headache  no surprises there "
so bored  i think i might write   need inspiration first!!!
just got back from the board game tingy at the library  key words 'at the library'  i got to read  laugh 
listening to music  laugh 
wants a cookie! gimme!!!
still wants a cookie -_-
likes to spin around in circles 
i am not depressed  go eat <propmale> mints  then tell me i am depressed  that's right! gosh i am bored  
listening to awesome music  switchfoot ftw
it's late   more people on now than 2 surprise 0 pm  goodbye fb!
i am the mad hatter  i am green fire  i like facebook quizzes  laugh 
let's see who is paying attention      every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your status  i will be watching to see who really    likes    to read things about  i pay attention when i get a day off school smile 
i made an inspirational collage today  it's going on my wall  it's supposed to inspire me  i hope it works 
"going to famous daves with <propfemale> today because my birthday's on monday, so i have school, and tomorrow is easter  varietous weekend "
i'm tired tired tired but not quite sleepy 
"not the best birthday, but watching kids included playing the wii fit   ah well, grandma gave me a 50$ gift card, and mom hasn't given me her present yet, so hey, there is an upside! plus lots of sweets and <propmale> and <propfemale> in literature class today  laugh "
say gullible really slowly- it sounds like green beans!
"jeesh, haven't been on fb in forever  it's so weird now   lol "
"bored on a monday  i wonder, is it only today, or is it foresight into the week?"
-is so hyper it's scary- finally dug into my halloween <propfemale>  o o    i was a cupcake! didn't get any pictures though  sad  would've made an awesome new profile picture 
"i got my school done so early today! now it's chores, haircut, church   -sigh- busy busy "
"i can't wait til we start making the pies  and til tomorrow, obviously  woohoo  turkey and pumpkin pie "
"today was awesome  cause i got to <propfemale> out with my awesome <propfemale> cousins, because we got thanksgiving left-overs that tasted that much better than they did yesterday, and because i just feel so happy with my life- but especially, especially, because i got a bag of mini york patties  yum "
is content and happy and reaaaally wishing her voice would get better already  siblings are playing rockband  ddddd:
i am seriously considering blocking frontierville  it's about all i ever see on here 
you know what? i'm never ever going to do that status shuffle thing; i think i'd rather come up with awesome statuses myself 
