ae9fbbfb26ef2fb1822dc9c6bed4028b
so i just got a facebook everybody add me
totally playing left 4 dead with <propmale> b a game
we had an amazing game!!!
i was on a boat all  day 
computer being weird i am out 
got a hair cut finally!
went to the volleyball game the girls killed sparta  smile football game tomorrow home everybody come 
great volleyball game the girls kick butt!!!
big district championship cavs won 41 to 6 !!!!!!!!!!!
great time last night   heck of a new years 
wicked show at amps and ramps!!!! forever spent falling b a
can't sleep to much on my mind
had an amazing day at rock island with <propfemale> and friends then on my way home  blew a tire 
thanks had a great b day 
 smile  great time in holladay world !!!
chillen  driving 6 hours sucks now my schedule is all off 
just went and ran  feeling good and ready for football  smile 
can't wait till saturday  going to rock island!!!! probly last time this summer  smile 
"great line men challenge, cookeville #1"
school wednesday oh fun(gun in mouth) lol
went to work when i was not scheduled in opps lol
not feeling the anatomy quiz tomorrow 
how crazy school gets closed when there is a <propmale> of more rain but not when you can't see the roads lol
just stuffed my face after practice yum  smile 
"lost all my contacts  sad \ hit me up 9315291155"
big game this week !!!!
cavs rule!!!
go cavs!!!
cavs 51 pioneers 24  woot woot !!!
senior night come see us tomorrow night  smile 
broken hearted  sad 
senior night great but emotional
anyone want to video chat? join my chatroom with 6 other people http annoyed  tinychat com boyslikegirls12345
video chatting with 7 other people at http annoyed  tinychat com boyslikegirls12345
tinychat time! click the link to come video chat with me and 7 others - http annoyed  tinychat com boyslikegirls12345
bored? come video chat with me and 8 others at http annoyed  tinychat com boyslikegirls12345
tinychat time! click the link to come video chat with me and 4 others - http annoyed  tinychat com boyslikegirls12345
awesome halloween part last night  smile 
note to self don't stay up at a rave then go to swim practice at 5 lol
game tomorrow  going to be cold 
"24-21, the sweat the blood the tears, i will never forget the game or the ones i played with "
my nose is still broken lol
just got hit by a car going 45 lol
50$ for an hour 25$ for 40 <propfemale>
great having dirty back  
epic snow ball fight at zanes house!
totally had a <propfirst> to <propfirst> moment at mic ds 
"<propfemale> christmas, and it is a white christmas"
bored out of my mind  i need more money 
heading to nashville today 
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friends list??? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me    after you comment, copy this to your status   you'll be amazed at the responses you get  "
"<propmale> wood tournament was ok, i need more practice"
been so long i dont even know what to do in school anymore
isn't just amazing fighting back those butterflies and doing something that may seem scary but makes you so happy 
work was sooooo busy 
"wrestling is over , work is busy, and my legs are swore great day though  smile "
great great time last night
great mma last night
"everything changes, some changes occur before others and we may not like them  but in the end we accept these changes for what they are "
