0542c5fc2e3cb71a9b79019b2ff91fef
"new year's resolution: to find the good in everyone and every situation, to be strong, and love with all my heart     and to cut back on swearing  wink "
"new years was f*ing awesome haha, too hungover to function  joyful "
honestly can not wait till this week is over   
good luck mooberry on your asvab  love 
"almost off work, then working out with my husband  love "
 love  in love with everything
had the best hike and talks with tor  love 
"time for work, oh joy "
douche bags alll over 
"i  feel like a fat ass, will definetly be working out tomorrow "
had such a great workout   time to eat!
it's one of those days    dreading january to come 
having the worst freaking day   ugh
"ugh feel like i got hit by a car   oh wait it was just a 250 lbs  woman, i need of a bath with epsom salt "
and the work week starts all over   
i love the rain!
"i hate you subway for poisioning me, assholes  troubled "
"having a bbq tonight come one come all, have some burrr and food!"
oh how i miss you  love 
i've only been at work for two hours & i can barely keep my eyes open   it's going to be a long night 
found the car i want!! 2003 toyota 4runner  laugh 
yay i tomorrow i get my wedding ring back!! it feels so weird without it 
so rude
resident evil: afterlife hotsprings with moo and crown <propmale> is a perfeccccttt night  love 
"perfect night, i love my husband so much  love "
"going to <propmale> in the park today, i love boise cant wait to move back  smile "
"time for a nap, i hate this heat  can't wait for winter and snow!"
"goddddddddd i just hit my head on the corner of my desk, i hate being clumbsy "
"back to the grind, already can't wait for the weekend!"
i would love to say something so fucking rude right now but i'll keep my big mouth shut
i am so lazy right now and it feels so good
"yay we got our house, north end here we come  laugh "
"i have another headache and have to go to work in a half hour, ugh "
"i just had such a harddd workout, im so tired  troubled "
"can't wait for the weekend, beer, painting, and the best friend "
"september is cancer awareness month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor of those who continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer  rest in peace angel <propfemale>  love , i miss you more then ever  i'll stand by your side loving you until the end mom  love "
so glad it's friday  i need some deep sleep 
another day of painting  & i loved seeing everyone last night  love 
exhausted  <propmale> and i are off to bed 
time for a nap  love 
everything is falling perfectly into place  smile 
"i really wish people would keep their opinions to themselves  i'm never good enough, i'm either too fat or too skinny  i don't need your two cents   "
time to start packing
two more days and its the weekend!!!
"ho up, trailer!"
"sooo hungover, i cant even see straight"
this feeling is like floating on a cloud
"dont disrespect me or act ungrateful, cuz bitch it wont happen again "
oh u know how to make me happy  joyful 
cant wait for the weekend  love 
"get it done sonnn, time to get my ass ready for the day  laugh "
you sir are a bitch  joyful 
"definitely going to sleep well tonight, all baked and warm "
im over this day and it barely started 
im so excited for moo's birthday!! can't wait for his party and his surprise  love 
i haven't e playful erienced this many emotions in one day in my whole life    ughh
happy day  love 
"i love antique road show, i truly am an old lady at heart ha"
"\happy indeed we live without hate among the hateful\"""""
"my mom just got out of anthestia and i asked if she could open her eyes  she said no cuz she's a one eyed purple people eater hahahaha, too funny!"
"over this night, over this week   why cant it be friday already "
time to chug my giant monster and five cups of coffee to try to stay awake 0_o
happpppy fucking birthday baby moo!!!!!!  love  love you with all my heart
i love you
"kegggerrrr tonight!!! text call me if you need directions 936-8787\\1719 n  10th st  in boise northend  laugh "
what a night  smile 
cant wait to be home  love 
"it must be nice to be young and free with not a care in the world, want to trade?"
pancakes at 2 smile 0am was a bad idea  sad 
for some reason today is just a perfect day  smile 
"\happy indeed we live without hate among the hateful\""- buddha  smile """
forgive me lord for i have sinned    and it feels so good  wink 
can wait for the ghouls and goblins!
"i love when people wear my coat & smoke in it, fucking sick  go smoke in your  own clothes and make yourself stiiiinnnkkk!"
"haven't gone to bed this early on the weekend for awhile, night  love "
"its so beautiful outside, i love the fall  smile "
"had a bad dream that seemed too real, woke up in a weird mood  i don't feel like i'm back to reality yet "
just walked into one of my residents rooms and she was sitting on the toilet eating potato salad hahahah seriously just made my night 
"tired, wanting to sleep -_-"
your stupid
"<propfemale> watson is a dirty cunt, please please please do us a favor and move back to the rotten piece of shit hole you crawled out of haha go suck a fat cock, oh wait you already have, multiple times    love  gooddd day bitch"
so relaxed 
"just had a great run with <propmale>, love my puppy  love "
make me a purple drink hoe
"so happy for the weekend, time to see all the beautiful girls in my life  love "
"i dont know what to do anymore, i feel like my world is slowly falling apart right in front of me   "
could really use a monster!
we are like wow  joyful 
"i feel absolutely horrible, and right in time for the halloween party    boo  sad "
listening to some dubstep and time to cleaannn!
"time to parttty in 19 hours and counting, yesss!!!"
dubstep &hearts;
mmm love hot chocolate  joyful 
"<propfemale> boredd, i wish snowboarding season was here already  i'd be at the top of the mountain right about meow  o_0"
"poor moo has the flu, i hope you feel better love xoxo  love "
"oh my god, my body and head are in so much pain!"
   and this is why nobody goes to college cuz things always gets fucked up and they could honestly care less if you go or not  all they want is your money  fuck college   but ill be there every semester like always ha   troubled 
i would suggest not talking about me or my friends when i'm not in the room since i can walk in at any minute  my emotions are getting the best of me   
my mind just keeps going and going and going
l &hearts; v e is all i need
think i'm going to go stroll in the rain with my flower umbrella and take some photos  smile 
i love weeneers they r cool
"kailie larson is taking over my facebook, any strange comments about boobs weirners are from her  ps kailie likes <propfemale>'s vagina  smile "
"im so tired and lazy today, my shoulder is killing me and now i need to clean this filth i live in "
"this is what i get for eating mcdonald's  my stomach looks like an ethiopian child, cute!"
love <propfemale> lately  love 
"love my husband, you're all i've ever needed  i'm going to miss you when you leave "
i definitely have a sugar headache
"<propfemale> and <propfirst> to my rescue, my saviors lol"
"tried to make <propmale> wear a muzzle to stop barking, came back outside a few minutes later and he had it off trying to chew it up  lol he's such a bad dog!"
"going to make a <propfemale>, it's five o' clock!"
"hmm im tired, going to take a nap  good bye "
oh heyyyyyy      smile 
"told my brother i was going to get a gold tooth, he said i would look like a gold toothed hood rat n _ _ _ a hahaha"
remember the love 
annoyed with some people ha
l &hearts;  u
"really feeling like poo, can't get over this cough "
pickles and a cappuccino?    definitely a good combination mmm mmm
"so happy my sisters here, and its snowing  perfect day  love "
"it is so beautiful outside, everything is covered in layers of fresh snow  joyful "
"your beautiful, that's for sure   "
"moo and i broke glow sticks all over the house and its sooo awesome, looks like space mountain! next weekend we're having a party with the magic inside a glow stick alll over the house! cant fucking wait!!!"
"going to take the puppies on a walk with mooberry, its a beautiful day  love "
i would like to be pulled on a sled behind a car in the middle of camels back park in the blizzard that should be happening right now hahaha
"went sledding at 4am at camels back this morning haha it was so fun, the snow is so deep  laugh "
"so glad i'm already stuck in traffic, when all i want to do is be at home   really annoyed with this and work "
i  love  you twin
"getting such a late start to this day, its half way over and still have tons to do   boo "
just gave giant <propmale> baby a bath and now time for the most amazing <propfemale>    yummm  love 
"time to get all my snowboard stuff together, its going to be a tiring morning tomorrow    one too many <propfemale>'s tonight ha should of thought twice about that "
yay hotsprings tonight with the roommates & some beer  smile 
people who collect an abundance of one thing are very strange
if you drive a truck and think you look like a badass maybe you should learn how to park one before buying it so you dont end up looking like a straight up faggit!
"cant wait to go up to moscow this weekend to see my sissy graduate college,happy graduation sister, love u see u in two days!"
"time to wake up so we can go snowboarding, jah!"
"after a night of boarding i really dont want to pack for moscow, im so tired   bla"
cant wait to see you  smile 
"i miss soccer so much   played for 13 years  since high school i've only played one time, so sad "
"gosh this migrane is aweful and it sucks even more having it at work, cant wait to be home with my two loves  love "
"15 more days and this year is over, then i start a completely different life   "
peanut butta jelly time peanut butta jelly time
time for stupid work!
i wish we could stay young forever  love 
he's makes everything better and always puts a smile on my face  he's my world  381  love 
"six amazing years, sharing each others beautiful life to make our love stronger and more amazing every day  i'm excited for our future together, full of true laughter, heart ache, and pure and simple love  you're the best lover and best friend  i love you mooberry  joyful \\for the horde!"
session beer is pretty damn good! yum    yum   
"today has been such a great and relaxing day, loving every minute of my life  love "
"i really, really want to see black swan    cant wait till thursday!"
"bored with my hair again, think im going to put platinum blonde and purple in it "
someone should go with me to see black swan this weekend
"going to the flicks tonight with <propfemale>, ya ya  smile "
jager bomb jager bomb jager bomb
on a search  smile  done being let down 
"12 days until the love of my life leaves for four and a half months, i dont know how i'm going to handle this  all i know is i'm going to be strong as i can and surround myself around people who love and care about me  i will be counting day every day until those four and a half months are up, i love you, these last 12 days will be some of the fucking best!"
just had an amazing 2 mile run with <propmale> at camels back  smile  he kicks my ass 
pretty sure i have strep throat and moo has the flu    ugh miserable
"headed to <propmale> city with my love, see u later boise  \dear zack: please take care of my babies    talk to <propmale> in a sweet voice and he'll listen, and i totally forgot i left the grill in the sink  sad  \have fun with rhw house to yourself  wink "
"<propmale> city was nice, but nothing compares to idahome    so happy to be back  love "
"too sick to go to class, i guess spanish will have to wait till next week    dang it  wink  more time for me to spend with mooberry  love "
"all i hear is waah, waah, waah, i'm too old, there's too much homework, it's too hard, waah waah from all the old people in college  stfu or don't go  smile "
"two beers and i'm already feeling buzzed, oh boy it's going to be a longgg weekend  wink \\ya yayyyy!"
"families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream \<propfirst> w  (retard) bush  smile "
"really   really? great day, just fantastic "
"who farts in a jar, puts a cork on it and gives it to someone as a present??"
yay! got my new car  love  i loooove it  2011 hyundai tuscon
"today is the start of a whole new life, 4 months is going to feel like 4 years without you  i love you and will think of you every minute  \\xoxo moo 381"
"my class was cancelled, that's the only decent thing that has happened today  i wish my husband was here, him being gone is starting to really hit hard "
its <propfemale> nice outside!! makes me 10 times happier  love 
"have work in a few hours, got to talk to moo today  he's so sweet, i miss him so much  love you mooberry  love  we're going to party sooo hard when you graduate  laugh "
"\it's better to have loved then to have never loved at all\"""""
can't wait for this weekend    much needed girl time and i really need a glass of wine  wink 
"does anyone want a pure bred great <propmale>, he's a year old on valentines day, he's papered and not neutered, <propfirst> color  \\i'm dead serious "
"isn't so fun when you wake up still drunk from the night before, its like party number two  laugh "
i love <propfemale>
<propfemale> is definitely chasing after me today   
" love  my life & all my girls, happy birthday <propfemale> love!"
round two    ding ding  cheaaarss  love 
happy  love  <propfirst>'s  love  day
it's darwins last night with me    tomorrow he goes away to an adoption agency  crying  i wish he would of been a better dog  love 
"no more brownies, cookies, cake, <propfemale>, burgers, pizza, fries, limited amounts of alcohol  wink , carbs, loads of calories in one sitting  time to eat healthy and work my goods outtttttt  \\vegas in two months, gotta get my milkshake ready girrrl  love "
five mile run on mud covered trails? yes pleassse  feels so good  joyful 
"do any military wives know how to get an f*ing military id in idaho?? gosh this is so annoying, i don't know where to go or who to call and i need to get it asap   "
"give it to me baby, uh huh uh huh"
"finally got to talk to moo, definitely made my day! he just lights up my world, he's so perfect  joyful \xo"
"ughh im so tired and still have to work an 8 hr  shift, i guess i have to stock up on some energy drinks "
"i feel like i'm going to throw up everywhere like the exorcist, i better not be getting the flu! f u flu "
"perfect horoscope  love  it's going to be a perfect day, cannot wait to see all my lovers and friends!\\p s  i love you moo, vieolet is back in action pwning alliance bitches like no ones business  she's nothing without fryday though xoxo  joyful "
"going to the hotsprings this friday, come if you're cool "
 love  beastie boys
soooo fucking excited for vegasss! only a month or so until we're on the road to an alcohol induced coma for four day  laugh 
party in my car last night  holy shit   
ahhhhh new real world!! i'll be where they're at in one month!!
"only 28 more days!!! love love loveeeeeee you sooo much  laugh  \\muaaahhhhhhhhhh  love \xoxo"
"just got my outline on my sleeve finished, cant wait to get the rest done  <propfirst>   love  @ nobodys hero, he's the best    go get inked!\xoxo"
oh man what a day and it's barely 11 smile 0   
be receptive to the grace of god 
"love and miss my husband, only two and half more weeks  love "
"our poor poor world, i'm so sad for it "
14 more days 381  love 
live and love wild
"awesome, one of those days   "
get it get it get it girrllllllll
hockey game!!!!!
and fate has led you threw it  love 
"i love tesz\tesssa"
"so over this week, half way over this weekend and it hasn't started  just ready for it to be tuesday so i can get my sleeve finished, then wednesday and im off for oklahoma for five days!\\381 love  love "
"good bye boise, i wont miss you"
i need a girl who's been shot at and stabbed to appreciate life hahaha
im key$$$$$haaa and i luv facebook
