502879151bc28434fc239b6735acca07
i hope that everyone in the states is able to enjoy the festivities of the 4th of july! have a drink for me!
letting go   
life is full of decisions   sometimes making those decisions are difficult yet necessary  always remember to take care of you first   everything else will follow!
what is really going on?  gb beat the bears   c'mon bears we can do better   
another week   another win~let's go bears!
life is always throwing curve balls   at what point do you just go for it verses standing your ground?
i am enjoying this newness!
wonders when she will cross paths with honest to god genuine people   i am so tired of wishing for the best in people and being dissapointed time and time again   
is so pleased to see that there are still people that believe in social justice and keeping literature in the school systems   
is trying to fights this flu bug off   
about to step out on faith   
"thought bad things happen in 3's     since january i have lost 6 loved ones and i have a 7th approaching quickly   i don't know how much more loss my mind, spirit and body can take   i feel so lost!"
"is such an advocate of education   whether it be traditional or situational, i feel that educating yourself is the best gift one can hone!  be adventurous, don't be afraid to dream and dream big!"
trying to forget the day to day stressers and concentrate on some good old fashioned football!
who got it?  'dem bears got it!  in yo' face haters!!!
did yall see that?  wtf?
all i can say is dude   really?  wow!
is talking to an old friend from italy!  <propmale>!!!!
"is seriously stressing   i take my promotion exam tomorrow and my supervisor calls me at cob to tell me that i have an interview scheduled tomorrow for a job at afdw    as if i don't have enough on my plate   pray for me please   i just need to be able to focus on this test, get promoted, blow away this interview and continue to progress in this great air force i am in!"
this is what i have been waiting on all day!  today i root for green bay   this should be an awesome game!
okay this is it!  i am flitching between the atl tb game and the mia buf game   you can tell folks are trying to get to the play offs!  <propfirst> plays <propfemale> today   i can't wait!  i know folks have been hating on my bears but just wait and see!  i am putting my books to the side for the rest of the day   fb is calling my name!  let's watch some football!
alright   we lost   again  not sure why an nfl team plays worst than the teams the mightymen used to play back when folks like <propmale> and <propfirst> were tearing up the field!  no playofs for the bears   ya'll can go ahead and start with your criticism   
let's see what n o  is about to do to those cowboys   
two weeks in a row and the bears remind you of what it really is    oh yeah baby   da bears!!!
where is my phone????
what is going on?  baltimore is beating new england?  omg   talk to me ya'll!
really?
   little hands and feet   
has a fever and does not feel good  i just want to watch some football   
nice opening   let's go colts!
okay colts    you have your spot!
so i am 2-2 today!  the saints will get sent home by the colts in two weeks!  good stuff!! it was so worth sweating and hacking through this game tonight!
the fact that i keep feeding the toilet is taking my appetite away  they say it gets better but when    
20-30 inches of snow   wow   
let's go colts!
i cannot believe this   wtf 31-17 saints? wow   
"so it is official--i have the new fb interface! it's different, but i am trying to accept it   "
day five   more snow and even more wind   
can you say whiteout!!!!
i am so thankful for the <propfirst>'s!  thank you both again for helping me get my car out of all of that snow!  i truly do not know what i would have done without your help!  thanks again   
okay everyone   i gave in and got a twitter account   follow me @jamiworldwide!!
let's go bulls!
"okay, i officially feel old   i'm at my sister joy's graduation   i am so proud of her!"
"i have never felt pain like this before   i tore my quad during pt today  now i have to try and slow my role  at this moment, my drugs are maintaining me   i pray for a speedy recovery "
"so, i have been on my leg all day and am finally back at home icing my thigh   i truly surprised myself with the amount of pain i was able to tolerate today   one more day and i will be laid up all weekend   these are the times i wish i were still young!"
another day of minimized mobility   the pain is subsiding and i am soooo ready to start working my way back into my daily pt routine   thank you everyone for your prayers!
game 6   let's go   
<propfirst> barkley has lost his mind   the suns are going to win tonight?  i think not!
lakers take western    looking forward to the celtics lakers series   
go lakers   beat boston!
i know you saw that!  yeah baby--let's go lakers!!!
okay tonight get ready for another beat down for the celtics   let's go lakers!
„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ lets go lakers ?lets go¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ lets go lakers?9
º°¨¨°º¤ølakers wave ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø keep the wave going¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤let's go lakers!!!  ¤º°¨¨°º¤ølakers wave ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø keep the wave going¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤let's go lakers!!! ¤º°¨¨°º¤ølakers wave ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø
i could so live in deleware   
counting the days until i see europe again   
is sooooo frustrated! day 3 of strike-out  putting passport away   
boo   
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world missing their family while you’re at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this military members all over the world are not only saving lives,but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post this if you are in the military, love a    military member, hold memories of a fallen hero or appreciate the military!"
i am sooooo excited    football starts tonight!!!  let's go saints!
dem bears   oh yeah baby!
"time to get motivated!  gen <propmale> powell, <propfirst> rather, <propfirst> bradshaw, <propmale> forbes and a plethora of others who have crossed over and learned the secret of success as it relates to them personnaly  looking forward to an insightful day!"
"okay, so i will never pay 15 99 for my favorite dish @ the cheesecake factory again  i just made my version of their lemon <propmale> roasted chicken & man   so much better   so much cheaper w leftovers!"
"learning how to deal with loss   trying to remind myself that it is truly a state of mind   missing my bestie already   work, work, work   but like most things, this too shall pass   "
"it's love my sister week  if you have a sister who's made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on & kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever put this on your status if you have an amazing sister(s)!!  smile  \\<propfirst> milliaku nwabueze\joy mohammed\<propfemale> chealse nwabueze \<propfemale> hudson"
glee is sooooo funny!
go af! beat army!!
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you there! i am glad to count you as friends, people i choose to be connected with  lets see who on my friends list actually pays attention  copy & paste this as your status  thank you for be   ing a part of my life! wishing you the best this day!"
remember   
happy thanksgiving!!!
bring on the snow     smile 
"it's my birthday   i thank god for the lessons, blessings and e playful eriences good and bad! --looking forward to many, many, more!"
thank you all for the warm birthday wishes! i look forward to celebrating throughout this weekend and perhaps smooth through the rest of the month   
**spending time with my bestie <propfemale> hudson!  oh how i love germany!  can't wait until we are joined by ka'chalyah c   oooooh the fun begins!
"chicago bears!! :„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤ keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øº let's go bears! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°º go bears go ! „ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ let's go bears! „ø¤º°¨¨°º¤øº l-e-t-s go! ¤¤º°¨      ¨°¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨ bears wave :„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ keep the wave going ¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº     \playoff   s\""!!! ??? go ??? bears??? bears ??? g     o ??? bears g   o bears !!!"""
wow    all i can say
alright    let's go bears!
what can i say    we tried!
ok   time to support ny   
why do people lie?
being smart is not always a good thing   
"so i get back, car won't start, sick family members, and no power due to a winter storm   "
"great run earlier today   now im ready to chill, check on things back home & get ready for church "
fresh out of the shower   heated mattress pad on 6   sandman is whispering my name   
great workout   ready to start a new day!
at work ready to hit the ground running   happy saturday!
