21caef0a44fbc1f5eeb07f22355f365d
nothing like getting stuck in your own driveway!
"here comes another great weekend, starting it right with friday off and i even got up early and cleaned up some of the house   i would love to have a big party here with all my family and friends, but i live a little far from most of you for that, so i pr"
running around the house in circles
"wow what a fourth its been cloudy, <propfemale> and rainy all day, but i still have a few big fireworks to let off    i love sparklers lol"
there is a gremlin on my back that needs to be strangled
alright! no <propfemale> over today
"wish it was still the weekend, with the fire still going, and a drink in one hand, or in each, ah yes nice and toasty"
"ah a good night, good food, watched the twins win, and had plenty to drink, ah ya a good night indeed!!!!"
"ah ya another weekend, too bad its pretty much to cold to ride, but on the bright side, i might just getting something done this weekend  ok ok maybe not lol"
oh what to do on a friday night    any suggestions??
whew need a new place to land
"watching \the hangover\"" oh good times lol"""
doing some laundry lol
oh life is sweet lol
whats up?
"hell ya, might just get the bike out again today an tomorrow if we are lucky enough to see that 60+ weather!"
"i don't know, whats on your mind!"
"ah its such a nice night, i need to be out doing something in it, it will probably be the last of a few for the year"
"tis the season to be sick, yaay!!!"
"relax, not much is going on today "
bored out of my goard!
"woo hoo back to work, atleast i feel better now"
"halloween, one of my favorite nights, all the freaks are out"
zombieland rocks!!! funny as hell
hell ya time for a ride
just rolling on!
"riding the sporty, ah i need to move to some place that this is the coldest it gets lol"
oh what to do what to do    with the rest of my night
"doing some laundry and cruising around town on the bike in between, hell ya its a beautiful day if anyone else wants to join"
"ah a nice night for a cruise, such a beautiful weekend, its a shame its almost over"
ah i cant wait for thanksgiving
"ah somebody just shoot me, please"
blah blah blah
hell ya christmas is going to be early this year!!!
"out and about, goin crazy!"
ahhhhh!!!!!!!!!
ah here it goes again
"oh here and there, gotta keep that hamster wheel spinning"
"how is there so many idiots in this town with a license to operate a vehicle, and who ever keeps handing out the passing grades needs to be smacked, i can't believe all the stupid shit i have seen this weekend   don't get me wrong, my driving is horrible, but these people scare even me!"
"slightly less than human, can you tell"
this phone rocks!  its hard to believe that its so much more powerful than our first pc ever was lol
happy new years to everyone!
riddle me that   
"monkeys, monkeys, monkeys! everywhere, all a bunch a f'in monkeys!"
   and i oops my hammer!
"?(?????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness       "
ah    another day in paradise   
"now that's what i'm trying to figure out, how the hell am i suppose to tell you and everyone else?"
gone   snow crazy
floating along in the ocean snow…
looking deep into the abyss
anybody with a snowmobile want to pull me around behind them on a snowboard with a ski rope?!
hates when you run out of toilet paper in the bathroom    somebody help    please!!!
time to get my paint on! ah haha
mad downloader    hahaha
whoa i feel good!
"oh just another depressing looking day, i need to get out of the house and enjoy it a bit!"
strange?!
getting the hell out of dodge!
if i only had two brains   
damn i hate concrete walls and hammer drills!
"wow, got the house looking like a house again and then some thanks to dad and mom coming up and helping over the weekend (dad working most of it), dad works like an energizer <propfemale>!"
"ah ya its all coming together now, no more living room furniture in the bedroom, haha"
oh i love such horrid things! haha
ah well a what an end to a day full of whats   
first drink good    2nd drink great    why is my face is completely numb    wtf
woohoo! got my contacts back
i can feel it in the air…
i get my exercise done on a sportster
"\so can you tell me what exactly does 'freedom' mean? if i'm not free to be as twisted as i wanna be\"" haha"""
holy hell there are some strange goofy mother fuckers out there    wtf
"damn, i really must be getting old    i completely forgot to shut my truck off when i got to work this morning, wow"
"oh ya, got to love a private 3d movie showing at the theator on your birthday, although it rocked it was kind of strange being the only two in there… haha"
getting a little house work cleaning done    nothing like spring cleaning!
oh what a day… what a day!
this weather blows
i'm alive!!!!! thought that grimlin was going to get us for sure!
"snow… wtf, really come on, i am so tired of this shit ass weather, where's the sun and 70's?!"
"ah what a hell of a trip, good times… haha"
hack hack… ah i think i just hacked up a lung and watched it run away!
"oh somebody shoot me, put me out of my misery, hack hack"
loving the kansas weather
loving the beautiful weather! 80's and a bit of rain
"ah ya, got to love the classic tuesday nights! lol"
sweet just installed a custom rom on the phone and overclocked the it to 850mhz
sweet just installed a custom rom to my phone and over clocked it to 850mhz
"ah weekend relaxing, can't beat it!"
"gotta love tornado weather, there was a nice looking funnel cloud forming but went back up already!"
just floating away…
"it all seems so dull and pointless, i can't wait for a little vacation!"
"bring on the storms already, it's to hot and boring the way it is now anyway!"
"damn, i have a hellacious sunburn only on the right side of my legs and it kills to walk, i can't tan for shit this year!"
"hmmm, i see how it works"
where got an early start this morning!
"today is looking to be a beautiful day, to bad it just means its a good day to mow as well lol"
one more day of work then 6 days off lol can't wait to be hanging out with the family on the lake in just two days
we have a spreadsheet nazi! lol
ah finally here in paradise!
damn i could use a good hour or more long massage after today!
on the road again
back to the grind…
floating away in this meaningless void of nothingness   
"wish i were still on vacation, that would be the life…"
"i hope today isn't going to set the pace for the rest of the week, damn…"
"what the hell, i need a permanent vacation, this place is insanity!"
"oh its going to be a hot humid miserable day, hope your ready to sweat! lol"
"oh, what a day! monday set the bar, tuesday wednesday and thursday smashed the hell out of it! i hope friday doesn't feel the urge to annihilate and dominate  i want a peaceful easy start to an even better weekend "
"damn, interference is a bitch…"
"it's so much better when everyone is in, are you in…"
"bring on some nasty lightning, lol hit me baby come on…"
"hmmm no such luck, damn"
one more ride b4 the nights over!
time to hit the pillow top
"i need a vacation again, boys when we planning on snowboarding next?"
need to get out of this place before i go crazy!
think i've done lost my mind!
"ah tuesday night, a welcome break in the busyness that has become me lol"
oh damn i'm not going to get enough sleep tonight…
"whew, had a little to much fun at the meeting last night, not so good for today!"
"this humidity sucks, never have i sweat so much standing still!"
ah the good life!
"oooh so much fun things to do today, not… oh i'm going to need a drink tonight"
keep holding on when on when my brain is ticking like a bomb…
if i could i wish it all away…
grab the bull by horns
"whoa, didn't know i had any carpenter skills lol"
mhmm fried pickles are pretty damn good!
"what you been taking, it makes you talk real slow…"
"ah ya, just finished laying the carpet!"
and i wish there was something… please tell me there's something better… and i wish there was something more than this… saturated loneliness
"i was born in a dry state and need to get back to one, this humidity is going to kill me…"
"cool, i am home by myself tonight lol"
out for a cruise on the bike
"you can have it all, my empire of dirt"
"damn the roads around here just make me sick to my stomach, ugh"
"some say the end is near, some say we'll see armageddon soon, i certainly hope we will, i sure could use a vacation from this bullshit three ring circus sideshow of freaks   "
time waits for no one…
oh its going to be way to hot for a <propfemale> over tomorrow!
"all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, we are all one consciousness e playful eriencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves   "
so beautiful and so strange…
"hell ya friday the 13th, love it lol"
why does everyone driving around here always look so pissed off
vroom… vroom… mf! lol
vicariously i live while the whole the world dies   
as below so above and beyond…
gotta love that double standard…
can't wait to get back to hays next weekend!
"by this time tomorrow i'll be back relaxing in <propfemale>, can't wait…"
"finally getting the hell out of dodge, southward bound, bike in tow, kansas here i come lol"
"back in <propfemale>, its good to be back!"
"hanging out at minooka, riding the jet skis"
"cruising back to iowa, although the wind seems to want me to go southward"
"heading northward on 35 finally, just about sick of driving lol"
"just leaving des moines with about one more hour left, i am going to sleep like a <propmale> tonight…"
"home at last, all ready for bed and i am going to sleep like the dead tonight…"
oh i think its going to be a long day after such a long weekend…
damn i need a massage and more comfortable car seats
"time to go climbing, wish it was a bit warmer than mid 40s"
it turned out to be a perfect day for a little tower climbing!
"damn, getting my exercise on a ladder today"
the world is a vampire…
"only a high of 69 today, what the hell happened to the nice weather already"
my mind is a serenade of haunting voices…
"now give me the strength to split the world in two yeah, i ate all the rest and now i've gotta eat you…"
i don't want be an angel… i just want to be a god
got this peaceful easy feeling    at 190 mph
can't wait for tomorrow night's festivities   
see ya on the other side   
shoot it shoot it out cuz they want it want in now now    
oh things are going to get interesting here real soon   
"well i talked to the realtor today and got the ball rolling, now just to pack and clean, then back to kansas in two weeks!"
"damn i need me a little break, its been one long as day   "
"just a few more days an i'll be back in kansas, its going to be a nice weekend!"
last day working at the dub!
back in kansas baby   
hell ya finally    back in <propfemale>!
"its been a great first week back, loving it   "
first official day on the job was fun as hell lol
who wants to play some arrow roulette lol
"who's up for some \end of the world\"" debauchery   """
having a blast hanging out in plainville    i love being back
damn kansas is not as flat as i remember   
ihop    perfect timing
"damn, what a beautiful day    vroom vroom   "
lol last night was fun    ah good times
it's so fluffy¡¡¡¡¡
what do i have to do?
in training   
the world is a vampyre
the other me is dead    i hear his voice inside my head
enjoying another great weekend with damn good friends family
oh ya another great night    damn good to be back
looking to be another sweet day
chilling in smith center for a few days
loving this 60° weather
scrooged lol
gotta love friday!!
lunch then heading back towards home
glad to be back in <propfemale>
damn its nice to lay in your own bed    god this is going to be so comfortable lol
   
"we will miss you, love ya lots"
alot
"working out by smith center, here for tonight, back tomorrow night"
"i might just turn into a popsicle today, brrrr       can't wait to get back with the rest of you guys"
we will miss you
"we love you <propfemale>, we will miss you"
nap     
making rounds today
"hanging out with family and friends again, damn the things we say lol    "
a litle tired    stayed up to late howling at the <propfemale> last night
in phillipsburg for the day
don't ever let life pass you by   
got the new pipes on the bike tonight and took her for a spin    sounds good to me
gotta love them friday nights   
mhmm steak   
<propfemale> is the best sister ever!! i love her so much!  smile 
love the full <propfemale> this morning   
if i only had two brains   
i am the only exception   
nothing like cruising on the bike in the middle of winter   
sometimes its ok to throw rocks at girls   
hope you found what you were looking for   
intoxicated with the madness   
"cruising on the bikes, loving the weather"
hell of a weekend
i know the pieces fit   
the <propfemale> looks so big and full this morning    love it
welcome to my never never ever world   
welcome to my never never never world   
"oh i don't know, what's on yours   "
the world is vampyre   
an ominous landscape of never ending calamity   
never underestimate the power of stupid people in a large group   
i'm not lucky    i'm good
what an awesome weekend   
i'm epic win    i push the limit    every time   
"wise men make mistakes, they just don't make them twice   "
its a freaking blizzard out here
why's he smiling at me   
"feels kinda like a summer night, now if the wind would die it'd be awesome"
what a nice relaxing weekend   
love sleeping in a bed that is taller than i am   
"what a great weekend, can't wait for more to come"
time to get numb
"damn, i do believe its going to get a bit warm today"
"whew 108° on the gauge, glad my days been mostly driving, its a bit warm out"
hmmmm interesting    
loves the shit we pull    haha good memories
loving it   
damn fuel pump is going out again   
"push button, get bacon   "
ride'n along in my automobile
"time to demo the wall in the house, bam bam"
oh ya    i could follow that   
geek    ya i prefer intellectual badass
we come from the future
i am a freak of nature   
i'm a hillbilly in disguise   
"hmmm, i must not be to average"
i could surf with that
"everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree it will live its entire life believing it's stupid"
oh ya gotta love when college is back in progress haha
you've got another thing coming
oh ya wonderful night
"really enjoying chicago, great food so far and definitely enjoying training and the hotel, got some cool people from the class to <propfemale> with, and come friday i will be checking out some cool shit downtown"
back in good 'ol hot kansas
finally back in <propfemale> oh ya
"i just about got hit by a flying cell phone last night, it looked like it fell out of the trees but i guess the neighbor was a lil upset and missed the shed she was throwing it at    lol"
damn these last few days have been a hell of a work out
its the freaking weekend lol
ah to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of god   
