c7d3cc21ed6e1257c3633a06bd84a71b
uncle's are kickass
life is preventing me from having a life   
usa whyyyy???!!!!  you were up 2-0!  how could you have let this happen?!
why is life so physical?
"go on an crazy adventure, in order to save the girl?! talk about a perfect life "
life is good    but work sucks
"i'll respect your privacy but can i invade it, just a little?"
because i have better things to do tonight than die!!!
is ready for    whatever 
needs to find his wallet which went missing at the pink house last night 
found his wallet at the pink house 
let the ass kicking begin!
time to battle the laundry machine 
smooth elecricity   
you can't gamble if you don't have something to lose 
sucks 
   
10 x 2 = <propfirst> <propmale>
"god damn, needs to stop \letting\"" people touch my computer"""
 love  's <propmale>
toga!!!
weekend you disappoint me for not being longer   
is ready for a long break
finally found the last pokemon card needed for my collection  i am a pokemon master!!!
who says waking up at 2 is a bad thing?
where are the turkeys?!!!
the weekend is over so it's time for life to go back to normal    mixer tomorrow!!!
is wupped
"\we should name it something about the coldness; like stick \"""""
has learned that manlike was not made to have wheels on their feet
an angina ailed alligator allocated apples and asparagus  angrily at an aluminum alloy apartment activating an armored (adjective) armadillo's anuus
forging your soul is hard work 
dang 
found my phone and fixed my computer   take that world!
"found his wallet, thank god!"
"that was a crazy chain of events, it seems like out of a story "
and now on to the second act of the performance 
figured out <propmale> 
is remembering the old times   
<propfemale> dickinson can suck it 
just got four different medications and doesn't know how to use a single one 
"had a nice time with his parents, hurray for being spoiled!"
did that really just happen?!
<propfemale> in wonderland is at the top of the list 
wishes that dyers would stop stealing socks and actually dry clothes 
what a week! and its only going to get better! congrats pc 010!
"so much to do, so little time "
"my bad about changing my profile pic so much, mischief has been about   "
anyone have connect-four?
up 1 air-conditioning!
loves studying for finals!!!! i just don't know what i am gonna do with my life when they are over     sif (school is life)
kansas city is soooo coool! <propfemale> duffy
time for a job   
finally has a job!  salad anyone?
"step one: get a tan\step two: peel\step three: repeat"
anyone feel like chatting?
nnnnnnnnoooooooooooo!!!!!
"the sound of tomorrow!!! but also today!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=cav0xrbewnc"
"this week i tried waterskying with a surf board, (also known as skerfing) and face planted most 75% of the time   i also beat a buntch of little kids at their own baseball game   boy do i feel accomplished "
monday already? what happened to freetime?
is trying to figure out skype with his new laptop!
"thank you everyone for all of the notes but there is something you should be even more exicted about!  \\new wheel of time book comes out in exactly one month!!!"
should i shave my head again?
"very big week, can't have a life until 8 surprise 0pm friday "
"had a dream last night where my friend <propfirst> and i where playing a video game   in the game we got jobs as school cooks   on the way there we ran over the pricipal \point being it was the best pasta those genius third graders ever had!"
"will be at <propfemale> on the 11th, so lets play where's waldo!    also could someone pick me up?"
is there anything worse than repetition?
"hip hop stations, please find more than 5 songs to play \p s  make them less girly for everyone's benefit "
"north korea and south korea, isn't this a little too close to 2011 if ya know what i mean "
wheel of time could you get any more awesome? oh wait that happens everytime i read you!  thank you!
"8 hour shift with my co-worker being a no show, why do holidays always mean more work?"
"well now is a great time to figure out \the internet\"" """
"just keep swimming! just keep swimming, swimming, swimming!"
