e94855c6e43dcb79c24d72f46399d5a4
had an amazing night with the love of my life!!!!
i'm going for an assistant maneger job interview tomorrow please pray for me
missing the love of my life    
i love my woman and i'm praying for her and her big test
watching <propfirst> montana with my baby first real guy flick we've ever watched together
sorrry i haven't been on in a while everyone been busy promoting the new album coming out and working a lot every spare <propmale> i get <propfemale> and i spend together!!!
chillin with mr c and my baby
missing my love
i hate being stuck in the middle but i'd still choose her side any day of the week!
<propfemale> and i took <propmale> disc golfing today it was a blast!!!! i love you baby!!!
missing my lady i love her so much!!!
missing my woman we have vbs tonight just got through with the daily bread!!!
why has god blessed me so? all i can do is say thank you father
helping the love of my life pack  two years together i am the luckiest man alive!!
please say a prayer for my mother she's in the hospital and i won't be able to get to her till later tonight! thank you all!  sad 
running a few loads over to the storage unit with mr  & mrs  c  can't wait for my baby to get out of work! ily mrc
we made it to <propfemale>!!! the baby is adorable!!! good night everyone!!
woke up to a kiss on the cheek from jj!! gotta love him!!
relaxing after a massage i love <propfemale> so much
i love it down here !!!! i don't want to leave!!
washing machines and cell phones do not go together!!
i'm home!! after a wonderful week with the love of my life in <propfemale>!! i miss the kids can't wait to see them soon!! off to bed!!!
thinking of some one speacial
another verse complete and all while talkin to my baby
god is great his love unending he is my father and what a father he is!!! thanx for all your prayers i recieved a clean slate and got my promotion today i start training next week and also go to itt tech to start furthering my education! woop woop!!
training ends next week!! woop woop!! and in march start school so relieved to finally have everything on track god is amazing!! jer 29:11
"and so comes the new year of 2011 for many people it brings fear and worry of what's to come  however, my challenge to you my brothers and sisters in christ is to march forward with out fear and to lay your worries with the lord for if he is with us whom can be against us!!! i love you all!!! have a happy new year!!"
praying for fam
these are the best of days and one day you will look back and <propfemale> this time love is about love   and nothing else- tj
when all is said and done the only question is who will remeber you and what will they remember you for? just some food for thought good night  smile 
tired     and mising the love of my life  sad  i love you my beautiful!!
missing her like crazy i laaa you baby
your a glodowski bro put your shoulders back stand tall and live today for your dad show him your proud to be a glodowski- <propmale> m (thanx bro)
chillin like a villian  wink  back to work at 12pm tomorrow can't wait for next friday!!
so amazingly blessed and so deeply in love my life is awsome no matter the problems in it!!
36 hours only one hour of sleep i'm going to bed with only thing on my mind    the love of my life i miss you baby good night face book
it's been a long night good morning i'm going to sleep
todays my day of woo hoo i get to clean house!!!!
i'll $tand with my arms high and my heart abandoned in awe of the one who gave it all!! i'll $tand my soul surrendered lord to you i give it!!
just walked six <propmale> home woo hoo good night
good evening and welcome to the hartland taco <propfemale> my name is <propmale> may i take your order? lmao on my way to work holla at yo boy!!
smoke the blunt one time for this red oaks g hit the blunt a second time when i'm six feet deep pass the fourty to shawty  she'll be cryin fo me watch her keep me alive through unseen dreams when she falls asleep distant memories another candle light vigile  saying rest in peace to my little sisters yo dog i'm proud of all three yo a guardian angel to them i will always be!
missing my love
just got home going to bed woo hoo
single one of you are on my friend's list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family  let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own status  you can't choose family but you can choose friends!
"the word love is such a small yet bold one with so many meanings; and yet it is so rarely used when it's needed the most! so i'm not letting another moment go by with out letting every one here know how i truely feel!!! i love each and every one of you!!!! even with your successes and your failures, your insecurity and your pride i love you as jessus did i love you for you and no other reason  good night facebook!"
"how long, o men, will you turn my <propfemale> into shame ? how long will you love delusions and seek false gods ? (psalms 4:2) take some time to whole heartedly pray today!! your father misses you!!~~ off to church then to sleep at the old subway before going back to work at six thirty tonight!! i thank god for the blessing i have a job although sometimes me thinks he blesses me to much lol good night !!"
another day at the <propfemale> woo hoo
i have a friday off what am i going to do with a friday off lol it's been too long
another night at the <propfemale> i hate my life!!!
we part waves  in this game baby  will you take my last name? do you feel the same cuz you know how i do rest in peace  mr  smooth this is <propfirst> g  on bended knee will you have me for eternity shh  don't answer yet lets enjoy this night for the rest of our life till morning light the two things i love the most <propfemale> chamberlain and music mixed in one lol hope you are all well!!
can't wait till the day i can take care of her     
goin out to dinner with my love woo hoo hope all of you are well happy belated easter
such a beautiful day today
"23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca, 14,000 in ny & 17,000 in il  nj & florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get salary cuts?! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste to your status"
please pray for my mother she has surgery today and i'm worried about her!!!
and so comes the storm what happened to the warm sun      
helpin the fam move from one house to the next woo hoo hope all is well with everybody!!!
giggidy giggidy goo i'm sooo tired  but i love her so muck its hard to fall asleep!!!
live love life cause you never know if today could be your last
off to work and then on to my management interview so nervous grrr
passed bench! couldnt have done it with out my baby i love you sweet heart!!
taco <propfemale>       what can even be said im to exhausted to move and i still have to finish my cleaning grrr!
seems like i can't do anything right!!!
tired and contemplating life lol
yippy!!
23 years old where did the time go??? lol
thanx for the birthday wishes everybody i appreciate them!!! the b-day itself was slow and relaxed in other words perfect lol took in a movie had dinner and then when home and shared some drinks among friends good times
another great ole night at taco <propfemale>
"my enemies are great in number! however, my friends are great in heart and know me well! speak what you will of me my foundation remains the same!!!"
giggidy giggidy goo what's new lol?
off  to work at 930 woo hoo hit me up i'll be board
"july 10th @ grill 23 hartland mi  come out and show your support!!!\evolve recordz presents    \the summer hip hop jump off with your boy <propfirst> g $5 at the door 21 and up!"
waiting for my nephew to pop out!!!! come on <propfirst>!!!
pray for me to receive the lords wisdom on my choices in these next few months!!! i really need his peace now more than ever!!
i'm thinkin arby's lol      
this family means so much to me!! i can't wait to take care of her for the rest of our lives and be there for this family as they have been here for me!! jer 29:11
i prayed for god to help me in handling my bills rent phone bills ect    and he answered my prayers today one of his most powerful creations assisted me in totally erasing one of my bills!!!!! gravidy assisted my phone out of my hands and right into the toliet eliminating the problem of having to pay for phone service this month lol       our lord works in mysterious ways!
well the lord answered  my prayers again!!!! my phone <propfemale> from the murkey depths sat in rice for two days and works again praise jesus!!!!
"when you are so wrapped up in the responsibilities of reality you lose sight of all the possibilities          true fredom is where you make all your possibilities into reality!! the morral of the story is follow your heart and <propmale> your dreams!!!\for if the lord is with us who can be against  us!!! jer 29:11"
r i p phat <propmale> the best sound tech in the industry of underground hip hop!!!!!
take a look in my mind to see the battle inside open your eyes and prepare for the ride
*sigh* this vacation has been amazing and all with the woman i love  i hate that it has to end tomorrow off to watch the sunset!!
walking with g o d is amazing! he will always keep you safe and heading in a (good orderly direction      ) even if it isnt the directions we thought we were going to go 
"have you ever wondered what it would be like to live life without heartache, pain, suffering??? it always seems the dark times in ones life out way the light and care free ones however if you remove all the dark times life would be to short"
the cigarette is well worth the write up!!!!! lmao!!!!
"age of 4: mom knows everything  at 8: mom knows a lot  at 12: mom doesn’treally know everything  at 14: mom doesn’t know anything  at 16: mom doesn’t exist  at 18: she’s old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide, let’s ask mom  at 45: i wonder what mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my mom about this  post this if you have the best mom in the world! i ? you mom!"
rest in peace <propfirst> (<propfirst>) cass glodowski the best father and the best husband a family could have     i miss you dad!!!
gigidy gigidy goo      
cleaning up mouse traps yippy
have you ever felt like the e playful ectations placed on you by others made you lose sight of who you are      just some food for thought       i know i sometime i miss being me     
"dog + red oil based paint = missed church service!!\lol this morning i got up got ready for chuch came to pick <propfemale> up and when i walked through her front door she was on her hands and knees threw me a rag and told me to start blotting up the stains it was everywhere     grrr"
i ask all of my friends to say a prayer for my dear friend <propfirst> <propfemale> who ships out for millitary duty on september 12th he will always be in my own prayers as always i wish him a safe journey!!
attention everyone my good friend <propfirst> conway finally has a face book!!!! add him!!! especially if any of you ladies out there are single!!!!
in my heart i know the truth and the truth is the lions won that game!!!!!! wtf
it amazes me how people just don't know how to leave well enough alone isn't that inspired columbine   
i'm tired of being taken advantage of by work by friends by family i'm just done!!!
"i am a\shepard to my flock and when the wolves come near i would lay my life\down to protect them but when its quiet and the night is still my flock\gathers to me like a moths to a flame to seek guidance through the word\of our lord jesus christ                my only prayer is that the lord\gives me the strength to keep on giving and the wisdom to lead my flock\( friends & family ) to the greenest pastures!"
21 hours of work in two days so tired       
like a seed love plants itself in your heart and once there it seems to take everything over like a vine spreading to every part of your life!!! i  love  mrc!!
another 12 hour day holy smoke teaches me to come in early to work lol jk
this up coming paycheck 91 hours next paycheck 83 hours and counting gotta love when your job becomes your life lol so tired bummed out that i lost one of my co workers though she was the shizznit!!!
90 days of probation woo hoo!!!
double <propfemale> what a laugh     
go msu!!!
"believes in\jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on\their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of your\peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of heaven \this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to\show it repost this in your status"
lord please guide me      
so many things to think over so many things to pray about!! pray i find a new job and pray <propfemale> captures her dream!! lord guide my path and tell me what you want me you want me to do already!!!!
have you ever felt like there just wasn't an ounce of fight left in you        i'm so tired      
if i'm such a piece of garbage why haven't i been thrown out yet? sorry for venting     
"i advise you, don't mess with me, i know karate, kung fu,judo, tae kwon do, jujitsu, and 28 other dangerous words       lol including giggidy giggidy goo"
good night face book
happy thanks giving to you and yours
load a u-haul unload drive four hours unload a u-haul and drive four hours back home chicago here we come woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm asking a favor of everyone that i know if anybody knows of someone who needs yard work done or any other odd jobs please refer them my number cash has become tight since i lost my job and it would be greatly appreciated! thanks for your time!
" love , -~*´¨¯¨`*·~- ¸-(thinking of someone special)-, -~*´¨¯¨`*·~-  love "
"check out the hottest music sensation to hit the mid-west \g-beanz\"" now on i-tunes!!!!! myspace com gbeanz!!!!!! get at yo boy!!!!"""
woo hoo my first solo track!!! how many years have i been doing music again? holy cow i'm slow at this rate i'll put out my first album when i'm 50 lol jk!!!
question of the day! what you would you remember me for if i died tomorrow? post and see what your friends will remember you for!!!! jer 29:11
love is an amazing thing!! one moment you aren't sure why your even waisting your time or breath and in another you fall in love with that same individual all over again!!
come get out of the cold this afternoon and enjoy an amazing meal from fiesta mexican restaurant and cantina!!!! jer 29:11
from dishwasher this morning to promotions assistant by this afternoon lol what a day gotta love having e playful erience in the wierdest area's of life thanks to evolve recordz!!!!! what do ya know even god has a plan for me!!!! jer 29:11
so glad to be home after work getting up early to help my mom then off to <propfemale>'s aunt <propfirst>'s for the christmas party woo hoo
most asked question asked of me today at the christmas part       where's the <propfemale> suit <propmale>???  lol had a great time though!!! happy holidays to all and to all a good night 
alright lions!!!!
well this morning started with a thud and a scream and then down the stairs i went!!!!  the day now ends with a  motrin 600 for the swelling and a lora-tab 750 to ease the pain good night face book!!!! wish me luck so tomorrow is better!!! lmao ouch lol
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family this time of year for me isn't about the  presents ( even though they are nice  smile  ) it's about how thankful i am to the lord for giving us the gift of his only son to forgive our sins and the fact that he blessed me with so many wonderful people in my life i love you all and i pray that your christmas is a great one!!!
sometimes i just don't know what to do anymore          i try and try and still nothing         and now just emptiness!!!
"after waiting all night for a tow truck finally got to bed at five in the morning just to have to wake up at six fourty-five which i did got dressed for work went into my bedroom to gather my things for the day and  that was the last thing i remembered    \at about nine fifty-five i found myself reawaking to the panic of still being exhausted and two hours late for work"
off to work it's a new day!!! jer 29:11
as a friend and as an artist it absolutely kills me to some one lay down due to addiction and give up on their love of music !!! my prayers are out there for product number seven and any other artist whom is struggling with the same problem!!!! jer 29:11
"watch your thoughts, they become words,\watch your words, they become actions,\watch your actions,they become habits,\watch your habits,they become character,\watch your character, it becomes your destiny    \\i snagged this from a friend but i agree whole heartedly"
there are three things i've learned in my almost 24 years of life that everyone should hold dear    place none before the lord god!!! second comes family!!! third comes work!!!!
wow just made one of the hardest decisions i've ever had to make as a mentor i only pray that it works out for the best and doesn't back fire in the long run! lord hear my prayers       jer 29:11
sometimes i wish i had the musical talent so that what i wanted to say would just flow from my fingertips to the blank <propfemale>      so everybody could finally understand where i stand !!!! i've come such a long way and yet i still feel like i haven't reached my destination yet      where do i belong???? jer 29:11
grrr 1:11 in the a m still haven't gone to sleep yet and have to be up in 5 1 2 hours yay
