5fce281b94f1a7455ee5a4e67e6dd3b9
is thinking about bringin back the red    and choppin off like 3 inches or so   and layers    and maybe highlights   lol any thoughts?
wants everyone to watch her vh1 network branding piece  smile 
sooo friggin glad this quarter is over!
gettin the house all in order   lots to dooo   then working <propfirst> buffet  smile 
fuckkk my life
is working aerosmith tonight  smile 
can't believe <propfirst> <propmale> died 
does not want to pack  and is not sure if she wants to work lynyrd skynyrd or not   hrrrmmm
<propmale> head til the 4th!
"is going to be home today finallyyy wooo  and im blonde now, if u havent already heard   confidential "
"when i'm with him i am thinking of you, thinking of you, what you would do if you were the one who was spending the night, oh i wish that i was looking into your eyes"
ohhhhhh wat a night
starts school tomorrow    ewwww
"wants her dark hair back now, but doesn't want it to fall out either   :-\\"
"poll pleasee    tell me which version of my drawing you think would be better as a tattoo, or if i need to meet half way bet the two   or any other suggestions on how to color it  "
laaazy wednesday
bored
"omg yoplait cinnamon roll yogurt, probably the best thing everrr"
"bye bye blondie, hello <propfemale>!!"
"has a new song on myspace, something much better   go listen, k thanks   myspace com stephsnydermusic"
kyna and i are geniouses for using coconut rum in our jello shots  smile  num nums
errr geniuses hahah  confidential 
thanks everyone that came out last night i had a lot of fun  smile 
you're like an indian summer in the middle of winter like a hard <propfemale> with a surprise center
is bummed that she didnt get a call to work lil <propmale>  soulja boy  sad      guess i shoulda called in sooner  wah wah
is definitely not excited to be working mayhem fest 12+ hours tomorrow   bleeeghhh
is not good at managing her time this quarter   summer should be for play 
it felt so wrong it felt so right don't mean i'm in love tonight
"is <propfemale> tired, and has class at 8am, but still has around 20 keys to draw  sad "
is completely exhausted but wants to go out   what a weird combination 
had a much needed awesomeee night   smile   smile 
is really cranky at the moment
maybe if i say that i'm excited to do my 2d i will be    wooo i am so excited for this  smile 
2d all dayyy   sooo excited
toooo friggin much to doooo  sad 
no sleep tonight   wooo :-\\
"is excited to work backstage @ fob & blink 182 on friday!!, but is not excited that that means an 18 hour work day starting at 7am :-\\"
cannot stay awake
is upset about getting herself sent home from work before the concert even started  sad   but at least i got to see <propfirst> barker and <propmale> delong half naked?
where are we? what the hell is going on?
<propmale> is going to be here any second noww!  smile 
needs a new profile picture   but this weekends pics were a fail   perhaps mustache will put out?
would like some ac now please
had an awesome weekend!  smile 
"is tired, but still has drawring to do"
i dont wanna do homework 
how i survived last night?  the world may never know   and these gyro fries are going to be the death of me  confidential 
"is completely useless today, and basically just sitting around til its time for some staches"
"dear <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>, i love youuuuu bunchesss  love  -love, steph    smile "
quite possibly the best weekend ever? eh eh? yea?
is really excited to have a free day  smile 
ugghuhhhh   wat to do wat to do  
needs some advice  and needs to stop spending so much money at bars  and needs to get work done son 
no sleep tonight? just a wild guess 
needs to pick something to sculpt in zbrush   hrrrmm
i hate centipedes!!
i must be out of my mindd  too much work  annoyed 
makes them good girls go bad  love  leighton meester
mmm ps my tummy hurts  but im about to eat pizza anyways
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
is very very much ready to be done with 2d and have this group stuff out of the way 
"dearrrrr cousins, october 11th!!!! ask me about it  be here  k   do it  no seriously  not kidding  dc  daburgh  october 11th "
feels really cooped up   but being outside doesnt help much cuz its the exact same temp   and no breeze  booo
needs a hair cut   bad 
my sleeping schedule = totally effed = law & order svu marathon
going insane    there needs to be an easy way to scale a rigged model without effing shit up
bangs?  or no bangs?  tell meee
wants to get a wacom tablet but has no idea which one to get?? suggestions please?
is anyone headin over to point park for black eyed peas today?
"this morning i got to thinking the term \friends\"" has been used too loosely    you know what that means"""
is in love with thoughts of fall and things to come over break which is almost here!!!
nothing like last minute compositing   woooo
hey!  who can pick me up from the airport on monday (21st) at 2:45?? anyone?
$120 in false charges from the funny bone   and the incline shook & jolted to a stop half way up today while i was on it   wat a great day   andd i still need someone to get me from the airport monday   
is going to chicago in the morning woooo!
is back in pittsburgh :-\\
needs some <propmale> distractions   who wants to keep me occupied tomorrow?
i dont think ive ever hated a bug more than i hate these goddamn fleas   die alreadyyy
"dear gossip girl, why must you wait almost a week after i've missed an episode to make it available online??  i want to watch it nowww!"
"jes needs to sell her fall of troy thursday ticket   fri night, beechland ballroom (<propmale>), $20   any takers??"
"dear everyone i know that is in or around pittsburgh and at least 21,  we are going to hofbrauhaus tonight around 10, early bday celebration   come!!  yes, even you   (724 561 8010 text <propfemale>)"
omg im going to <propmale> today finallyyy weeeee!!!! iojerwier hahah  and i get to escape the wrath of the fleas for a few days   smile 
"is having so much fun, and loves her ladies  love , thanks for the bday wishes too"
has a story   production idea shes pretty excited about
"is scrapbooking wooo   you know, since i'm an old lady now   playful "
"finally back home, done scrapbooking, done traveling for a while, ready to drink again, not ready for classes to start monday "
"cant get this one screw unscrewed   so i cant open up my furnace   so i can't light my pilot light, which i am assuming is out   so i have no heat tonight   so im coooold!  sad "
"lost about 70 bands worth of music from back in the day!! unbelievable, unacceptable "
cooooold
"who has classes with meee?  ink n paint monday, adv soft 2 and 3d char anim weds, andd adv 2d fri ?"
yayyyy my heat is working  smile 
would anyone care to see zombieland and or whip it with me sometime this week?
"all this custom rigging is making me feel smart again hahah, woooo"
"ok seriously, whyy do u have to be from <propmale> ohio to recognize that thursday night is a drinking night?  come on pittsburgh get with it!"
"is has been undertaking the never-ending task of cleaning my apartment, especially my room  confidential "
"4 hours later, very sick of cleaning  no mo please?"
trying to figure out how i plan to turn 1 <propfemale> 20 sec worth of music into not much more than 225 drawings    hrmmm  confidential 
"hungry   food, homework & pens, then gossip girl!  smile "
"had some success with the peacock wooo!    homework all day tomorrow, whether i like it or not  annoyed "
"the stars will cry the blackest tears tonight, and this is the moment that i live for, i can smell the ocean air"
shower   adv 2d alllll day :-\\
home with the kitteh   anxious for my shows tonight   until then   ?
"h-dubs   andd idk, stuff   playful   i want to see moooovies!   thooo hw would take all day"
scratch that    could take all day  hopefully not 
"low cut see through shirts that make ya *woo woo*, that's the way she come through like *woo woo woo woo*"
"only 2hrs of sleep, awesome   "
whooo wants to drink with me friday night?  smile    (bars or in)
push it baby push it baby out of control i've got my gun cocked tight and i'm ready to blow
"ok sooo i'll ask again, whos drinking   watching the game with me tonight? lol"
ok sooo     out getting some booze    showering   thenn idk wat   thenn toms coming! woot woot
ugggh im never allowed to drink gin again  k thanks 
"sooo we have no water, had to shut it off because the basement was flooding   awesomee"
is definitely not being productive today  way to go 
is getting a little sick of sleeping in til 2 every day  
ok sooooo    i can't decide if i should stay in pitt or go to <propmale> for halloween     thoughts?
thinks she's decided to stay indaburgh for halloween    wats everyone doing??
whyyy the eff cant i wake up before 2 anymore???? bleeehhhhh
2d alllll day
happy halloweeeen!!  smile 
"is goin out to south side for halloween tonight with <propfemale> freaking sweet muller , <propmale> dugan , <propfirst> rambo , <propmale> <propmale> anddd ???? idk you tell me haha   its gonna be our <propfemale> de la muerte im thinking   "
"needs a makeover, hair included "
is proud of herself for finally waking up before 2 on a day she didnt have to  smile 
<propmale> & <propfemale> allllll day
oh modcloth    25 dresses that i want   shouldnt buy    tortureee
i have a knack of picking the wrong people   
lazy sunday
it's really frustrating that i cant upload anything i've animated to a song these days cuz of the copyright shit   lameee
workin on the peacock   making a more realistic rig for the wings   woooo
and baby when it's love if it's not rough it isn't fun
here's to those who hear me all too well   and the many lyrics to come tonight   playful 
do u suppose id come at all?  i suppose i would  baaahahah  dispatch can be so funny when taken out of context
going running   eeeeek
oh and i joined golds gym today   woot woot   now i just gotta make sure i use it    lol
has sooo much work to do   things to figure out this week  weekend    swamped until wednesday 
found out today that she weighs 6 more pounds than she thought  sad 
so unmotivated!!!
is excited that my character is fully textured!  smile 
"i'd like to make myself believe that planet earth turns slowly, it's hard to say i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep, cause everything is never as it seems"
"needs like   a zenful day, if u will   i want hookah"
"i dont blame you for being you but you cant blame me for hating it, so say what are you waiting for? kiss her kiss her"
"its been far too long since ive listened to lots of <propfirst> <propmale>, no wonder my blood pressure was high  i need to live in hawaii "
finishing the peacock today   hopefully   he needs a name   so does my axolotl 
finally done with 3d review stuff    got that tomorrow   not sure if things are gonna slow down much though :-\\
time to catch up on my shows
is supposed to be drawing all day   fun funnn
would likee to be in <propfirst> rodriguez's pantalones por favor
is insanely sore right now and cant bend her right arm the whole way
is drunk  and i love it   love  bitch wat wat
really happy that break is basically here   smile   smile 
myyyyy thumb hurts  dont ever let me get a drinky on fire again  i spills  on my thumb and 2 other fingers  iz stupid
so tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love?
is trying not to cough out a lung
death is upon me
hangin @ the parents house a little longer and thenn back to the city 
"dear steph, $60 in one night at bars is completely unacceptable and unnecessary   don't do that again  ever "
i=bored=readingtherestofthisbook
<propfirst> brown's lost symbol = amaaazing   and why don't mashed pototoes ever heat up as quickly as meat and vegetables?  i either make the meat and veggies scalding hot or the potatoes not quite warm   
misses ohioans   is getting sick of the pittsburgh bar crowd
and just realized her woo we're done with 2d party is the same night that <propfemale> and the frog comes out   ironic 
and is on a mega <propmale> kaufman kick
is disappointed that lovedrug has new songs and artwork it seems that she didnt know about   at least i didnt miss out on a new cd or something though
"andd holy crap is it good  smile      oh <propfirst> shepard, you amaze me"
ok so   i've decided i am waiting to find someone thats like   at least 75% as hot as <propmale> pattinson    yep 
ok <propfemale>   $43    better than last time but lets get that a little lower shall we?   i think i need to pregame more 
either that or just drink beer only 
its snowinggggggg
people need to start calling me fat so i actually make use of this gym membership  confidential 
the dudes are lining up cause they hear we got swagger but we kick em to the curb unless they look like mick jagger  wink 
perhaps i should get some homework done before i'm summoned for the christmas marathon   
are we done yet?
now has netflix anddd will not need to leave her house allll winter  smile 
"returning hopefully my last movie ever muahaha   thats right, not payin those 2 late fees family video   and thenn homework all day   for the rest of my life  annoyed "
my first movie is here wooo   but i am <propfemale> tired 
and my oh my is it <propfemale>!
and forget the whole cat lady thing   i am never living with an animal again    or children cuz they'd probably be equally as annoying 
how embarrassing   
is slightly overwhelmed with her life over the next couple weeks   finals   <propmale>   center barhop   christmas <propfirst> @ the byham   christmas family visits    new years in nyc possibly  smile 
so   not only does <propmale> crash all the time and completely freeze my computer so i have to shut it down    but it also corrupts watever file was open at the time   woooo
oollllllldddd
is going to attempt to render and watch a movie on netflix com all at once hahah  im asking for it   playful 
jeux d'enfants   cried like a baby   netflix really understands me  lol
is going to <propmale> for probably the last time this weekend so if you want to see me u better let me know!
"no no no it aint me babe, it aint me you're looking for"
ooook time for me to stop messing around and get ready for <propmale>!
got awesome grades this quarter!! booooya
bored
goin home for a couple days   then to the grandparents   then nyc  smile 
going to bed before my brain e playful lodes
"<propfemale> christmas, <propfemale> christmas, <propfemale> christmas, happy holiday"
superrr excited for nyc  smile   smile 
"ahhh nyc was so much funnnn  smile   smile  , great way to start the new year!  back to pittsburgh today= back to the real world and figuring my life out"
wishes sex and the city episodes were available instantly via netflix
hungry but dont wanna cook  i lose 
shower    grocery shopping   etc etc
going to try to be productive    maybe 
if only i could park @ gold'd gym's lot during normal hours   like between 11am - 5pm   i think then id actually go more   like right now  id go  but noooo
i hate hate hate hate dealing with comcast  they suck at customer service 
lil <propmale> = the where's <propmale> of music   hes everywhere!
"watching the office, and wishing that <propmale> was my boyfriend   one day   "
uggggggggggh  never drinking again 
what do u say when you're too fucked up?
i already hate online classes   and i've only read the rules welcome to course stuff  confidential 
watching the last episode of the office available on net flix    its gonna be a long wait for season 6  sad 
"what do tigers dream of, when they take a little tiger snooze?  do they dream of mauling zebras, or halle <propfirst> in her catwoman suit?"
ok im seriously addicted to the office   i cant even wait for season 6 to come out im just gonna skip ahead and watch wat's available on nbc right now   screw it  playful 
attention friends who live in the pittsburgh area   does anyone have the book heart of darkness by <propfirst> <propmale> and want to give me sell me  let me borrow it ?  also need things fall apart by chinua achebe and july's people by <propfemale> gordimer   
i googled my name   there are way too many <propfemale> snyders in the world   noone will ever find me   
booooooooooooooo
i remember what you wore on the first day you came into my life and i thought hey you know this could be something
how comeee when im supposed to be doing homework all i feel like doing is playing geetar   writing songs ?
<propfirst> started the fiiree!!!!!!
frustrated   hw all day   night
whyyyeee iiiieee ieeee oooo why   did i have to take an online class?  dumbest idea everrr
"would anyone care to join me tonight at the waterfront to see either avatar imax 3d, sherlock holmes, or imaginarium of dr  parnassus? all around 10 10:20 ?"
"latest addiction, besides the office, - gingerale "
never drinking againnn    i mean it this time 
ugh   texturing is not going well  sad 
of course because i have online homework due tonight myaicampus isn't working    wooo
fiiiinally done with work for today   taking a much needed adventure to the land of online tv shows and netflix!
godddd i hate research papers    especially when u know nothing about what you're researching 
cant really get into work mode tonight   time for a movieee
"celeb collage keeps telling me i look like asian women, black women, and men   i think im going to go with a hybrid between <propfemale> ricci and <propfemale> paquin "
is it possible to get headaches from sleeping too much?
we were both 16 and it felt so right sleepin all day stayin up all night
someone neeeds to go to club cafe with me on friday so i can see lovedrug!! anyone?
let me be the one who calls you baby all the time
"rewatching amelie because i am <propfemale> tired   and have nothing to do, but really dont wanna go to bed yet "
"feeling a bit disconnected, if u will   its time for winter and school to be over"
whyy did it have to snow storm on lovedrug night?  i hope hope hope they dont cancel
"dear anyone thats snowed in walking incline distance, come over   movie night   most of you know where my house is   if not, call me "
uggggggggggggghhh
i cannot remember the last time it snowed like this   probably like 2003   or before that 
highlight of my day = sledriding on my ass down my front steps
is a masochist 
wants to learn to play piano   and to speak french
is slowly becoming nocturnal
dear snow    you suck   i hate you   go die 
and we are just breakable breakable breakable girls and boys
"website's finished!!  smile   go check it out, everything works   - sas1516 aisites com"
determined to get my car out of the snow either tomorrow or saturday at the latest   either that or making a mini foodland trip   i need groceries!!
"showering   digging out my car   i will get it out     goin to robinson for groceries   thenn 3 <propfemale> physics paper   if anyone has been trapped and needs to go to robinson, let me know!"
misses the days when i thought romance was real 
needs to stop slacking  big time 
finalllyyy get to <propfemale> out with <propfemale>  smile  haha   damn blizzard 
in love with lost at the moment   sorrry tv is better than reality   judge me 
gjweoitmwetsd    lost 4 hours of work   fab
whyy must <propmale> keep crashing on me?? this is bullllshit 
"got my hair cut today  smile   desperately needed it ha, it smells purrty"
just got an internship!  booya
does not want to face the world today  bleeehh
blegh   done having weekends like this   napping then back to work
one more episode of lost   and then uber excited to finally get a good nights sleep
here's hoping <propmale> lets me get work done today and doesn't corrupt anything    *fingers crossed*
"spends literally as much time away from reality as possible   methods include sleeping, drinking, listening to music, and watching lost "
ugggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhh
"i've gone mad haven't i?  yes  completely bonkers   but let me tell you a secret, all the best people are "
if i had a dollar for every chs grad i saw this weekend   i would've made $11
gotta live like we're dying
two things that can always make me happy - summery   warm weather    and music that reminds me of summer 
wat a depressing ending    moving on to season 4 thursday 
when in doubt    lost 
on a search for inspiration
"haven't had a dream in a long time, see the life i've had, can make a good man bad, so for once in my life let me get what i want, lord knows it would be the first time"
"i'm not the one you want babe, i'm not the one you need"
excited to sleep in my bed tonight   even just a bed   ha
animation station 
brand new eyes is a great album   yes im a little behind on paramore apparently 
starting season 5    its all going to be over soon  sad 
my head hurts   sad 
wish i could do all my work outside!
music is the greatest thing in the world 
shower   to the school to pick up my theeengs from the farm  smile   and finish my flash final  sad 
i have three hours to kill   what on earthhh am i going to do with it??
shower   getting spruced up     killing some more time   fat heads   then out n about!
freaking tired   finishing the preport review schtuff    and then off to my parents for a couple days  
goin home for a few days!  smile 
"wow    of all the famous people to have a fake name, you'd think it'd be zooey deschanel   but nope   born with it   cool parents?"
i missed the outdoors  and realizing that break means there's nothing wrong with simply sitting outside all day 
today is fabulous
lost my debit card   wayyy to go
me plus you    imma tell you one time    totall pedophile right here    see if i care 
you ever have something u really want to tell someone?   but then realize that there is no one appropriate to tell it to?? thats kind of happening right now 
uuuuugggghhhhh
1- cannot believeee how wasted i got last night   2- reallyyy do not even want to drink tonight   at all   and its my own damn party   3- my car stalled out this morning  sad 
cleaning   getting shtuff ready   gettin in party mode!
has a strong overall distaste for men right now   yes  all of you 
car got towed today  sad   heres hopin she lives!  i cant stand not being able to drive 
freaking out already and its only day 1 
yayyy my car is back and healthy  smile 
i really need to start caring about my appearance more   aka work out   tan   whiten teeth   and get a better hair style cut
"taking control of my life, working out tomorrow"
bieber fever
neverr again
out with lauraaa  <propmale> gorbel rocks my life 
"it sucks whenn you meet someone new, who seems really cool, fun and nice, that seems really interested in you for the right reasons   you think yay finally, this is great, and then find out he just wanted to bone "
ugly <propfemale>  sad      well since tonight's a night for endings i may as well watch that last episode of lost on netflix   so sad   season 6 better b on there like a week after its done
happy 420!  smile 
is this a conspiracy?? i swear everyone and their mom is having a party or going out on saturday   too bad i cant be in like   5 places at once
faiiil 
"probably the most stressful quarter ever, because i am terrible at making decisions, especially really important ones "
teaching myself python   iiiim a nerd 
crash and burn!!!!
"great weekend  smile   working out, then homework for the rest of the night"
going to bed early for once   tired   this is definitely an evaluating my life kind of week 
<propmale> levine of igoogle's horoscopes really gets me  
has a hard time being productive in pajamas 
i am on a roll!! (w  rigging theengs ) woot woot
cannot believe how long it takes just to make a friggin team schedule 
drive-ins are sweeet 
"its so friggin nice out, i wanna go swimming   it's too bad this is my only day to really get hw done  sad "
"in a great mood, i should just turn music on right when i wake up every day "
i am convinced that astrology e playful lains my relationship with just about everyone i know   playful 
is going to see a 77 year old <propfirst> <propmale> today in johnstown 
goal- 145   13 to go 
"i ammm an idiot for scheduling both track electives, pre port, and pre production in one quarter  confidential      blaaaahhh"
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars?  i could really use a wish right now     love   love  <propfemale> <propmale>
can't wait til i have time to do all the other things i wanna do   like learn piano   get better at guitar   etc  
311 at station square june 22nd!!    who's with me??
sooo much to dooo
feliz cinco de mayo!
nap time!
untagging every picture that im drinking   drunk in    this is going to take a while 
"i can't make it on my own, because my heart is in ohiooo"
any opinions on corasaniti for advanced communications??
ima hit ya from the back and make ya holla til u pass out
all of my necklaces from forever 21 break within a month   and yet i still keep buying them   fail 
the weather tonight is amaaaazing
"south side for the night, txt me if you're out!  smile "
this time baby i'll be bullet proof
whyyy must <propmale> keep freezing   and crashing   and corrupting files  
my car is soaked 
busiest quarter everrrr   13 hour homework days   at least 5 days out of the week  confidential 
hate when i cant find things for days only to find later that they were in plain sight the entire time 
the centipedes are back and scaring the shit out of me     fml 
ps- we got dicks like jesus
uggh    wat a night
makin shit happen  eye on the prize 
so glad we get a long weekend   hopefully itll allow me to catch up
i am apparently in need of a quicknap
and the worst part is before it gets any better we're heading for a <propmale>
"i have way too many \friends\""   its overwhelming   lets see how low i can go"""
"congrats comcast on finally hiring someone that wasn't an idiot, and actually very helpful "
wish the school was open today!
"congratulations ohio, 5 of your cities made the 20 most miserable cities list   in order of misery, <propmale>, canton, akron, toledo, and youngstown "
i have an insanely long day ahead of me tomorrow   haircut & animating my butt off
"wat girl doesn't want to be the bachelorette?  25 sexy guys to choose from, if one of them isn't your type there's something wrong with you "
about to give up on school  too burnt out   can i just take my 3 week break now?
wat better way to start the day than to the jehovah's witnesses?
attempting some <propmale> stress reduction   sigur ros and incense
i'm a human not a sandwich 
skinning for the rest of my life
"dear everyone, my phone may or may not be out of commission for a while  wah wah"
determined to get a shit ton done this evening
someone bring me chocolate covered strawrberries pleeease
getting lots done today!  smile      but still haven't started on what's due at 8am tomorrow    wah wah 
cant waiiiit for all this to be over!
and <propfemale> michaelson is awesome  the end
"no matter how tired i am, going to bed is hard knowing i have the same shit to look forward to when i wake up   i need to escape "
yep    my phone is done-zo   im gonna miss having a keyboard 
longgg day at school   gettin close to done!    shower & out for morg's going away party!  smile   sad 
headin down to portfolio review to see muh babays graduate!
freeeeeee at lastttt
fingers crossed!! really hopin <propfemale> gets out of work in time for 311!!!
my house smells like basement    basement with mud and mold   its disgusting 
gobbledigook!!
gaahh!!! damnit <propfirst>!!! and damn you us weekly for your cover story spoiler!
this break is going by fast    i dont like it 
eclipse   ive officially converted to team <propmale> 
"too bad break isn't all inclusive    like   break from our lives in general, not just classes "
visiting some out of towners  playful 
wish i wasnt dying   who gets sick in july   seriously
it's so damn hotttt   never living somewhere without ac ever again 
goin home for a few days    b back saturday most likely
webhosting   who to choose   hmm   opinions?
apparently not feelin it tonight
does anyone have the books '7 habits of highly effective people' and 'rule of thumb for business writers' ?  i need em for advanced comm
first status from my new phone woot woot haha
"be productive, b-e productive, b-e-p-r-o-d-u-c-t-i-v-e, productive, b-e productive!"
made a bigggg ass salad today! nom nom nom
booooyaaaa bitchesss  smile   today's a good day so far hahah
first class of my last quarter tomorrow!!  already terrified 
in advanced comm   sooo boring    annoyed 
its so damn hottttt   wishhh i had ac  annoyed \
"flight to portland booked! woot woot    leaving pittsburgh sunday sept 19th and doin the redeye back friday sept 24th, just in time for my bday  smile "
needs good music for her reel    preferably with no lyrics    suggestions?
bein a workin girl for the day 
has mastered the grill!! top chef wat wat?
"i need good character models to rig stat  creatures and human, whatever you got   let me know please!!!"
baby its the ganja
"my teacher asked us our moods today in class, i wanted to say bored as shit   3 more hours   "
chances of sleep tonight- slim 
"wants to sing for a band  not joking  doin it, one of these days "
so incredibly sick of skinning    
takin a much needed shower   hw all day   out to squirrel hill tonight  joyful 
let's get <propmale> and build our house on a mountain making everybody look like ants
dedicating today to portfolio only   its about time 
maybe i think you're cute and funny maybe i wanna do what bunnies do with you if you know what i mean
fuckkk this heat   fans not cuttin it
fuck ya difioris   1 sandwich feeding me all day   and tasting amazing   its miraculous   who knew
feeling really nostalgic   been happening a lot lately 
really happy with where my reel is heading after this weekend   i needed that   excited to show love tomorrow!
sleep is my favorite part of the 24 hour cycle  playful 
excited to go see <propfirst> mayer on sunday w  <propfemale> freaking sweet muller for her birthweek!!!
let me be the one who calls you baby all the time
this squid rig is intensseee    and super time consuming!
"hey <propfemale> hold my hand and hope for heaven, because i just can't help myself   even angels end up burned and buried in my backyard, and you you're just like everyone else"
"animating 3bgg, then <propfirst> mayer w  <propfemale> freaking sweet muller !!!  andd then more hw   ha"
apparently its the cool thing to get really excited about shark week   i could care less 
i need a life break   6 more weeks   
ok game <propmale> kids   if ur having issues with a biped who would you go to and where can i find them? like   today if possible
<propfemale> michaelson always makes me happy  smile 
"bored  mildly tired  @ the school 8am - 5ish tomorrow to work on production, thenn browsing display stuff w  portfolio peeps   gonna be a long day"
i have way too much to do   i am not liking this 
got a lottt to do today for port tomorrow   yayy :-\\
"last summer before i get a big girl job, andd im stuck inside doin hw   allll the time   dislike "
apparently sleeping is not an option tonight   animating til 6 7am   or til im done   or til i pass out   whichever comes first 
thank you belvederes for a fun evening  smile 
gettin down to business 
whoo remembers what week we're meeting with <propfirst>?  and what we're supposed to bring her?
"dear outside and friends that dwell outside, i miss you, love, steph "
called 7 companies in portland today   puttin on the big girl pants  playful 
it is crazy how time consuming this job hunting stuff is
emails all sent!    now back to doing school stuff  
nothinggg ever friggin works right with this project    so annoyed 
definitely had an fml kinda day   midquarter breakdown if u will?  god i hope it doesn't get worse from here  
"someone call an ambulence cuz something's not right, it's all gone wayward tonight "
"cleaning & organizing my room   life   animating   followed by job hunting, if time allows "
first order of business when i get a big girl job- buy lots of work appropriate dresses from modcloth  smile 
<propfemale> much shit to be had   done   taken care of   shit shit everywhere  i need a drink 
hope this sickliness goes away soon   its not working out for me 
"just got home from portfolio review shopping   what a long day   still sick feverish, and exhausted "
"to do list   work on reel animation & presentation issues   design business cards   finish up the end piece for port review   finesse production animation   allll before tuesday   and still feel like death   should probably add my website and flat work to that list, but lets be real here  "
ggaaah    im gonna go insane 
love
fuckkk the school for being closed this weekend    sat sun and monday?? really??
if anyone needs anything at the student store   let me know   i have a gift card thing there im not gonna spend <propfemale>   use my gift card and pay me cash? eh eh?
tell me somethin good
i need to just start watching a movie from netflix every night   i miss that   good thing ill be free soon 
has a lotttt to get done before the copy place closes     eeee
printing is so e playful ensive   and i didnt make it by 7 surprise 0 anyway   lookin at other options   
ladies night with <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> freaking sweet muller in south side tonight!! call text me if u wanna join
so close!!  can't wait to see everything come together  smile 
not a good time to get hit with a wave of tired
now that i've done just about all i can for graduation   moving on to my advanced comm final   followed by animating production stuff   
dont wanna work anymore  would very much like to quit for the evening 
jesus where does the time go    working takes forever when u dont wanna do it   just finished my powerpoint for advanced comm   now i gotta write the paper   anddd still need to work on production   fml
just killed another friggin centipede    cant wait to move out of this house    
"and in this moment i am happy, happy"
soooooo i just fell in the mon river      im real smooth  confidential 
"finally saw inception tonight, fantastic!"
"everything is happening so fast, i don't like my schedule being this packed!!"
exhausted   big day tomorrow!!! anddd i at least got a temporary website up for now   ha   www stephsnydercg com
port review today ahhhh    this is nutzo   better see you there!!  (or at least out @ the bars w  us afterwards  )
fantastic day  smile   great mood   super tired however    need to nap before tonight's festivities!
<propfirst>'s to celebrate graduating!!  be there!
omg i can sleep in tomorrow thank goddddddddddddddddddddddd
chillaxin   finally   catchin up on tv shows  smile 
whoever's comin to my house tonight get here around 930
had an awesome last two nights   thanks to everyone that came out  smile     headin to portland tomorrow! craaazy
"had an awesome interview today, just saw the pacific ocean for the first time, and now off to the casino! life is good  smile "
good times in portland   doubt ill be moving here though   back to pittsburgh on the red-eye tonight!
"does anyone want that big tall light table that's in my room?  you can have it for free, but you have to come get it"
"hahaha   first beer i open today is a lionshead with those little puzzles on the caps   i kid you not, mine said \happy birthday\"""""
i challenge someone to correctly use the word vicariously in some context other than living vicariously through someone else    because in my world that has never happened
out on south side for my birthday   with my date   her name is <propfemale> freaking sweet muller    everyone should probably be jealous   or join us   call me!
had a really fun birthday  smile   thanks for all the bday wishes and to everyone that came out!
"super exhausted   goin to bed a little early, gettin down to business in the morning"
 smile 
superrr excited for fright night tonight!!!
last night in the city    off to <propfirst>'s!  come see me!
at my parents house for good now    so i guess that makes it my house    yuck
hopefully gettin a tonnn of job applications out today   
fannntastic weekend!  great seeing my cousins!! and zombies!!  and i guess the boy too  playful 
gettin ready thenn back in the city for the weekend  smile 
goin back homeee     i need a yob 
home   <propmale> yob hunting tomorrrowww!!
take a bite of my heart tonight
got in about 8 applications yesterday    shootin for 15-20 today   
"idk why i love the song \it aint me babe\"" so much  """
jobs jobs jobs   the search continues  
what's everyone doing for halloween saturday night??
if i had one wish it would be a $5000 modcloth shopping spree    
making a brief appearance at the school today    weiiiiird
two more responses for interviews today!  smile  still around 4 hours away butt better jobs than the first one
tic toc tic toc   phone interview at 1 surprise 0   aaand nothing to do but sit around and wait   anxiously   gaaah
finishing up packing & gettin ready    thenn off to the city for the weekend  smile 
last minute theeengs and then bbq @ thor's!  call me if u wanna come!
sleep   phone interview tomorrow!
annoyyed cuz i can't find stuff from the move   aaand can't stand living here in general but don't really have a choice for the moment  
milkin autodesk for all its worth    muahaha
"got my pretest today    feels good to have \homework\"" again ha"""
<propfemale> juice
there is one single lonely ducky on the river today  and it's raining   wonder if the other duckies migrated south and left him behind   wah wah sad ducky
is making one badass stapler   going a little overboard on the rig ha      post a vid later probably
part 2 of the pretest today  hope i get this all done  
i just wanna dance!!!
yinz love    bieberrrr!
yinz love    booze 
welp    <propfemale>'s not happening    back to square one    greaaaat    sad 
modeled a <propmale> halsey character today   unwrap and textures tomorrow     still needs hair & a dress
interview at <propmale> state on monday!! who still lives around there??
the god of thunder arrives tomorrow!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
cuz you don't always have to hold your head higher than your heart
got an awesome job offer from <propmale> state!  i start dec 13th    2 weeks to find an apartment and move!! eeek!
happy december!! it's snowing!
like a dungeon dragon
pittsburgh tonight through sunday!  call <propfemale>
tooo much to do this week!! moving in 3 or 4 days! eeek
just bought inception!! yayy  smile 
i was so ready to go through all my boxes today!! but apparently they're infested with stink bugs    freaking out  
new fav show: the sing-off
been boxing stuff up allll day   loading the uhaul tomorrow   moving in tomorrow & saturday   start work monday   im exhausted
all moved in!  tired   lots to do still!!!
starting the new job tomorrow!! here's hoping i don't look like a complete idiot  haha
i haz interwebz!!! yayyy
"not having a good week so far  and now my computer isnt just stuck in sleep mode, the power source is completely shot    and my laptop wont connect to the internet   not to mention the 20 inches of snow we got   "
"today was much better!  smile   and i got my new furniture, and got internet working on my laptop! yayyy  smile "
just listened to southern knell by lovedrug     love it  smile 
"had a lot of fun last night!!  smile      work for the day, then off to pittsburgh!!"
"apparently i need to spruce up my office, every time anyone walks by they say \man it looks dead in here\"""""
i supposeee i should get movin so i can go home and watch christmas movies alllll day!!
picking up boobear from the airport today!!! yayyy  smile 
snap back to reality
"tired   back to work in the morning, had an awesome break in pitt!!  smile "
thor sowards will be here in 1 5 hours!!! yayyy!  smile 
i'm on the pursuit of happiness
"if this zodiac signs changing stuff is true, well then i don't even know who i am anymore   playful "
tired   back to the work week
losing my voice!!!!
but at least thor will be here soon!! yayy  smile 
i dont get the steelers game  sad 
lovedrug   musica   thursday   who's with me???!! i will go alone if i have to but would much rather have company   smile 
today was exactly what i needed  smile 
"in the mood for a throwback concert    saosin, alexisonfire, taking back sunday, fall out boy, the used, yeah yeah yeahs   yes please "
soooooo happy to be seeing lovedrug tonight  smile 
had so much fun last night!!
<propmale> loblaw law blog
i am <propfemale> tired 
 love  <propfemale>
happy <propfirst>'s day!  love 
i just walked outside in flip flops and a dress that goes above my knees in february and it felt amazing!!!
"back to pittsburgh for the weekend after work, casino tonight!  text me if you want to <propfemale> out  smile "
what am i gonna do with my day off today??
annoyed   stupid code
watching dateline    this is what my friday night has come to 
70% off sale at modcloth?? yes please!!
lazy sunday
"sooo excited to see all my loves in pittsburgh tomorrow!!! <propfemale> freaking sweet muller, thor sowards, <propfirst> holtrey, kyna <propfemale>, <propfemale> hagar, and <propmale> blosser  smile "
this is gonna be a rough few weeks
"i need a vacation!  i want to be <propmale> and go on a \steph visits all of her friends and all the marvels of the world tour\"""""
is anyone in ohio doing anything to celebrate 311 day?
"passin the kind buds, kickin back in the sand in the sun  to be alive is lovin  where the shore meets the sea man i'm hummin"
more <propmale>? don't mind if i do 
i suppose i should clean up the apt now    the dude abides 
"someone tell me how to \check in\"" to places!!"""
sooooo excited!!!!!!  30 days!
is anyone good with 3ds <propmale> hair fur ?
ready for the weekend!
"it's a great day to be partially <propfemale>   i see porch drinking, flogging <propfemale>, and dropkick murphy's in my future "
