cf2b161a3703f8d021413fd6e6d428ad
cannot concentrate on anything  ever 
is a little terrified of the future
"last night i tested <propmale> to see if he can tell the difference between coke and pepsi, like he's always insisting  he had an approximately 33% success rate  i win again  (and it is not sad that this is what i do for fun)"
"planning out my e playful eriment with rainbow goldfish, pretty sure i'll be vindicated  i've got this thing and it's fucking <propfemale> "
"i hate the pegs on my violin, fuck you pegs"
i want pegs that stick! i want tuners! i want to transpose everything up on the <propfemale> so i never have to touch this damn thing again!
why  won't  my  g  string  stay  on!!!!????? aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
my mommy isn't dead!  smile 
mulan is ine playful licably better in spanish
i have the same birthday as <propmale> montalbán!
why can't i bring my turtle to the beach?  sad 
<propfirst> irons and <propmale> rickman may be the same person 
p s  we fixed my violin pegs!
is congested  uh-oh 
"wait, <propfirst> cronkite died?"
con: i get 3 channels  pro: i can actually see them clearly  the jury's still out on the switch to digital tv 
"stats vs  psl: thoughts, please? (in other words, two english classes or two math classes?)"
my microwave is ticking  is this cause for concern?
"kind of wants to learn to play the cello now, just for fun"
i hit a guard rail today and fucked up my car  i now have a growing sense of respect for both my mother and the idea that no one running on 3 hours of sleep a night should be operating heavy machinery 
my car is gone  it was so old and broken already that it would cost too much to fix it   sad  sorry car  i'll miss you 
i really wish i'd taken ap chem more seriously 
"i never finished my annotated bibliography last night  procrastination 5,000,000,000,000,000,000,001, me 0 "
fuuuuuuuuuccccckkkk
"my bibliography is like 5 minutes late, my computer won't stop freezing up, and pages fucks up all my formatting  fuck  my  life "
people in yae: i was very disappointed that your show didn't end in genuine bollywood dancing 
i want my keys back 
really really hoping the guy in the big white creeper <propfirst> and sunglasses who was just staking out my house and watched <propmale> leave isn't the person who found my keys  anyone want to come pick me up so i can not be here anymore?
"dear uchicago, i am applying to you! i promise! i'm even doing it early action! there's no need to send me so many emails begging me to apply and linking me to the common app in every other sentence  i already like your school  i really do! you can stop now! oh, and you're spelling my name wrong   sincerely (i sincerely plan to apply, i'm working on it right now, please let me do it in peace), <propfemale>"
they make pearls before swine stuffed animals: http annoyed  www auroragift com new_web product product_10 php rat and pig have officially replaced tickle me freud at the top of my wishlist 
i'm drinking my coffee black now and it's still not strong enough  i am officially ballsier than captain janeway 
what's the password to log into <propfirst>? anybody? anybody???!!!
"i told my mother that the word \geyser\"" isn't pronounced  \""geezer\"" and i don't think she believed me """
i figured out how to log onto <propfirst>! today is a good day 
reading my <propfirst> tonight  all of it 
reeeeeaaaally thinking about doing that precis   
just looked at our school district's report cards    what in the world are those middle school teachers doing?? (and the elementary school teachers    the fifth graders did extra awful) this isn't how things were when we first moved here   
will be spending the day with her lotr extended edition dvds and a quart and a half of chocolate ice cream 
? calculus
"sort of considering trying out radical honesty for a week, just for fun "
there just aren't enough hours in the day 
i hope the good people over at the college board like essays about <propfemale> claus 
can't stop reading <propmale> potter fanfiction long enough to do her homework
is eating birthday cake  happy birthday daddy  smile 
thinks you should come home
finds crossword puzzles therapeutic
"writing a paper in exactly 23 minutes, wish me luck  lots of luck "
cannot concentrate at all 
"another day, another evening spent picking all the marshmallows out of a box of lucky charms"
i have no idea what to write for these stupid application essays  jklhklhljhlhgjhlhelpme
731 days and counting
under-ripe banana = not so good  sad 
8 hours until applications are due  why do i always do this?
<propfirst> mercury's teeth are proof that we're related  and our noses  look at our noses
"would like to form a vitamin string quartet-esque ensemble with someone  actually, i'll do just about anything  give me an excuse to play this thing "
does not want her name in any way associated with <propmale> <propfirst>
requesting interviews and hoping for the best
come see crimes of the heart this weekend  do it
"took nap, missed calc, crap "
"come see crimes of the heart tonight at 7 smile 0 at <propfirst> high school, tickets are $6 for adults and $5 for students"
"come see crimes of the heart tonight at 7 smile 0 at <propfirst> high school, tickets are $6 for adults and $5 for students"
"thanks so much for all the birthday wishes! i got to my aunt's house a couple hours ago, and all the notifications almost crashed her computer!"
4 papers to go
can't believe monk is over   
doesn't want to fail at life
is in love with pandora
's throat is in an incredible amount of pain
going to the doctor before i fucking die 
would like to know what we're doing in stavar's tomorrow?
must    write    paper    gaaaaaaahh i can't
"can't sleep, clown will eat me"
everybody with divorced parents gets multiple christmases  everybody except <propfemale>  sad 
"college application essays? research paper? nope, cowboy bebop marathon "
"will get work done today, dammit"
barnard application    research paper    moby <propmale>    asdsdfnjhgfkshbdsjdghelp
lake effect snow warning extended until 7pm tomorrow! feeling hopeful
research paper makes me miss calculus so much
why does stavar's class have to be at 8 in the morning? booooooooo 
free spelling lessons for everyone! please  you really need it 
trying to get back on top of things
"all right, life, i give up  you win  congrats "
http annoyed  www  playful media com xsc2ha4vcmqc zombies    excellent 
rip <propmale> zinn
"i wish they'd plow a little better around lake erie, it felt like i was driving on a slip 'n slide"
is finally learning how to study for a test    what exactly have i been doing with my time all these years??
has nightmares about the b-52s
ohhhhhh decathlon  you make my head e playful lode 
decathlon is over  forever  it's harsh 
"anyone want to come see the lion, the witch and the wardrobe with me at faa in willoughby on friday at 7 smile 0pm? ticket is free  i'll take whoever answers first  there may be ice cream involved if you play your cards right "
is traveling the oregon trail!!!
anyone willing to take my cat for 3 or 4 years so my dad doesn't let her die?
looks like i won't be getting financial aid from barnard or wellesley because my mother's taxes aren't done yet  son of a bitch 
 smile 
"free play (four one-acts) at lake erie at 7 smile 0, it's only like 40 minutes long, come see it with me and <propmale>! doooo ittttt"
http annoyed  itsgettinghotinhere org 2010 03 31 our-generation-screwed-over-by-obamas-offshore-drilling-plan 
"so in case you hadn't noticed, it's really <propfemale> right now "
"google maps gave me one wrong direction and i ended up getting lost for an hour    missed class, so i'm going to get points taken off for attendance and for a late project    take deep, cleansing breaths, <propfemale>    deeeeep, cleansing breaths"
just once i'd like to hear something good about the <propmale> police
if anybody isn't busy on saturday at 2 it would mean a lot to me if you came to the concert i'm in  i can probably still get you free tickets 
friends  concert  tomorrow  come see 
who wants to see a free concert tomorrow???!!!!!
"if i've ever supported you by coming to one (or all  smile  ) of your shows recitals concerts plays etc , i would really appreciate it if you'd do the same for me  <propfemale> skok is giving a concert at fine arts tomorrow at 2  i'm playing in it  see any one of my wall posts over the last 2 weeks for details "
"is so exhausted, but had a wonderful concert and is really grateful for the opportunity to play with such talented musicians  smile "
5 month long summer vacation this year  whoa 
does anyone still have a music man script that i could borrow?
backed out over <propfirst>'s lawn  went to <propfemale>'s house instead of <propfemale>'s  called the wrong parent twice  i think it's bedtime now?
happy national dna day!
every day feels like a saturday  smile 
"<propfemale> rossmann, <propfemale> dye and <propfemale> caulfield: ap english study party?  smile "
is disappointed 
"up through episode 7 now, and still waiting for <propmale> smith to develop a personality"
i bought a filing cabinet  it may change my life 
"does anyone need vellum paper(18\ x 24\"")? i'd be happy to get rid of some"""
go eat at charm thai on broadview road in parma  it is so good!
i can't stop cleaning    this is so strange
"i need a place to donate a bunch of stuffed animals, any ideas?"
"no car for a few days, my seatbelt is broken"
"just realized i never accomplished the plan ambition for high school that i wrote in my 8th grade time envelope: to \buy a dinosaur \"""""
"if anyone wants to practice their parenting skills, i'm sick and alone tonight "
"there's an open house at the church of scientology next to my hotel, i am so tempted right now"
wonders why there are so many japanese pop songs featuring her name
"leaving for orientation tomorrow, i'll be back thursday night"
just voluntarily registered for an 8am class 
"finally heard the rest of \smoke on the water\"" today"""
apparently no longer requires sleep
has anyone talked to <propmale> today? i can't get a hold of him at all
<propmale> has starcraft ii now    it was nice knowing him
pretty sure i need a 5-string electric violin
"just\watched the daily show for the first time in maybe 3 weeks \adfgdlkljzfhhzkjdf  what is that on <propfirst> <propmale>'s face??!! no <propfirst>  no "
yes!!!!! triceratops was discovered and named before torosaurus! it won't have to give up its name!!!!!!
just woke up  this is a new low for me 
"got a couple things for my dorm today  you know, normal stuff, like a laundry hamper, some glow-in-the-dark dinosaurs   "
"first corticosteroid injection tomorrow, hope it helps  can't say i'll mind having to lay in bed for 6 hours afterwords "
aaaaaaaaahhhh!!!! why am i awake?!
i'm all moved in!
pretty sure someone on my floor is transforming into a werewolf right now 
rock of ages is coming to cincinnati  asdbfvasghjfsagfuydasdkasj i'm so excited!!!!!
"college update: two of the former occupants of our dorm room showed up at 4 smile 0 last night, demanding to sleep on our floor "
so i have to be able to read and write all the hiragana characters by friday morning  seriously considering seppuku right now 
"trying to write my \this i believe\"" essay for the gateway to honors class- it feels like i'm writing college application essays again  annoyed """
giving blood for the first time today!
"\i did naaaat hit her! i did naaaaaaaaaaat \"""""
"hey guys, just wanted to let you all know that i'm not a witch  i'm you "
rock of ages tomorrow!
insomnia  it's a bitch 
where would be some good places to volunteer in lake county over winter break?
thank you for all the birthday wishes! i hope you all had a great thanksgiving
"on the bright side, i'm pretty sure today can't get any worse"
is in <propfirst> for the next 3 weeks
will actually be in chicago from this thursday through next tuesday  sorry for lying to you  smile 
"had a great time visiting my aunt and cousins, on my way home now  who's not busy tomorrow?"
i just took a 5 hour nap that destroyed all my plans for the day  i am incomprehensibly pissed right now  asdfghdhgfs
<propmale> is attempting the melt challenge    he 's almost halfway done with the sandwich
back in cincinnati
i wish we could develop an alternative to sleeping that didn't take so much time  i think we'd have to ally ourselves with the borg for that though 
donating my b+ blood today for the benefit of asians everywhere
omg zodiac signs hjkljhgjkljhgklhjklhh!!!!!!! - -
i will not let spinal jelly control my life 
"i hate missing class when it's not for a fun reason, like getting extra sleep  sad "
leaving school for at least the rest of the quarter so i can get back surgery  i feel like i'm going to throw up 
uh called me this morning and said they could do my surgery this thursday!!!
it actually costs more for me to drop out of school than it does to go    time to argue with the housing office!
happy 80th birthday <propmale> nimoy! what a champion 
<propmale> is going back to school tomorrow    i just wish i could go too  sad 
"was kind of iffy about the black swan, but loved how they played around with the swan lake music"
