bc2af86be9ce3d34af4c9f6b64a33a33
"it's 2011, let's do it!"
"the game marathon, mmhmm "
so   facebook is definately where everyone has been at   let me get accustomed 
i feel so fb-challenged   chemistry homework 
"ions, reactions, and hydrogen - oh my !"
i'm done with my homework  my room is clean  nothing left to do   but sleep  goodnite 
i need to find out what is wrong b c i am definately in pain  sad 
is wondering how there is this much homework on a wednesday  friday is really a ways down the road 
"remembering the good times , and thinking about some future times  wink "
getting ready ; girls night out !
"just blow dried my hair  i look like a fawcett-mammoth  fml, haha "
hair is a force not to be reckoned with  do something simple to it and the mystical balance of hair is completely thrown off  or maybe it's just this weather 
i am about to pop my top   let's skip the chemistry with an exemption and move on to the next one with a power of one 
gosh  freakin power of one 
tgtf  
"yesmylife! the past five weeks have been awesome  thank you weekend, darn you terranova week "
"saturday night live , yesmylife!"
question of the day: are you drunk?
essays  enough said  fml 
definately too many distractions for an essay  freaking facebook  wink  fml 
but i don't want to go to sleep   or take <propfemale> <propfemale>    or go to school ! let's all stay home tomorrow !
i think i should be doing chores now   i'll just paint my nails first  wink  amsterdam anyone?
"you know fb is interesting when you just finish painting your nails, and then you start typing "
"when i was a kid, i thought: taking off your shoes set of fire alarms  those were the good days  and btw i better have breakfast in my seminar tomorrow  or else i will have to turn to drastic measures  just in case you needed to know all of that  wink "
dinnertime  meanwhile     what should i do tomorrow?
"today was a good one  i love it when you e playful ect nothing, and get something   but   let's make some future plans  wink "
so i think i'm going to do something offline and then go to sleep  maybe 
"mission accomplished  bangin clean room, check  humongous hunger, double-check  wink "
"watching \we got married\"" (probably the best show you haven't heard of) and doing some other not as important chores  wink  yesmylife !"""
having a webcam date  wink  !
it's amazing how many fan pages you can join when you're bored  i think i'll watch some onlinetelevision until i fall asleep  smile 
"i'm seriously beginning to wonder    why do we go to school anymore? i feel like everytime i walk through the doors, i'm living the same life over, and over, annddd over  i definately need a pinch  this is not a yesmylife moment  sad "
why would you want to be in any type of relationship with someone who wants you to be something you aren't? thought of the moment 
"dancing in my room to some music as if i were getting paid for my artistics skills  haha  but really, i need some power of one inspiration  <propfirst> <propfemale>  at least i finished chemistry !"
"why does time go by so fast? only two minutes ago it was 9 surprise 1  i remember, i looked at the clock !"
"i feel like i just need to hide under a rock, take a couple deep breaths, and maybe shed a little bit of tears  this is really too much  "
it's ridiculous how much i appreciate and love my daddy right now 
offline 
just got back from dinner  chinese food  laugh  now i just have to tidy up   the power of one left my room a train wreck 
"movie of the moment: good hair - do what makes you happy  cause a woman unhappy with herself, will bring pain to every-freaking-body around her "
"picking pictures for my family tree ! the nineties was a good decade, haha  smile "
"i am definately in one of those: let's just chill kinda modes  meaning, no homework  no clean-up  just sit here, and chill    quietly  just me, myself, and i "
"this is a pretty bad monday and i need a love session, but that's not gonna happen right now, so i'll just go to bed "
phrase of the day: because you're black  mmmhm  thanks 
mi abuelita is mi persona favorita  <propfemale> es fantastico !
"going to finish some quick homework, then i'm off to that dreamy state "
"test tomorrow, wait two of them  and i just to so happened to forget my book  fml "
"there has got to be more to life than all this stress  really ridiculous, i feel like i'm walking on moving wire  feeling the pressure of it all, but really getting nowhere  one more week "
i hate misspelled words  they irk me for some reason or another 
shut up and put your money where your mouth is ; coming out your mouth with ya blahblahblah !
happy easter to everyone !  spring break : 4 more days   amsterdam : here i come  smile 
everybody just wants a lot - not a little - of love   glad i found it it  smile 
i'm pretty sure it's written somewhere that homework should not be given for easter weekend  
how do i always lose what i need at the worst possible time ! thank the lord for homework passes  laugh 
all quiet on the western front  still 
"finished, more or less  sweet dreams "
it's like my horoscope was right !
can you believe it's not even 9pm and    my homework is done !
oh no : please get help ! the string in my hoodie came out ! you can't walk around in a stringless sweatshirt   then it's just a sweater w  an awkward hood    fml !
"life   it's just a little difficult at times   no yes or f , just my life  "
is working on her all quiet on the western front paper 
i feel like i have a paper cut on my collarbone     it sucks 
bom chicka wah wahhh !
so it is oficially spring break however it doesn't yet feel too real  
"just found my ipod , my only source to he outside world haha  stuck packing     for amsterdam !  smile "
just got home   feels like spring break !
can't sleep   day if traveling tomorrow       i really don't know what to do with myself !
i'm pretty sure the 'my little pony' jingle is going to be stuck in my mind for a while   amsterdam; what a lovely place  wink 
"i'm tired of clicking on something, and then the freaking internet tells me , denied because i don't live in <propfemale>  this is injustice to my nationality "
i'm feeling just a little jet lag  
"i want nobody, nobody but you  wink "
it's gettin' hot in here   so hot! but i have on all these clothes        hahaa
"we're brothers , we're happy, and we're singing and we're colored   give me a high five ! wayans bros  smile "
feels like doing something girlie  
just got back from ramstein   es gut to be back home  smile 
why won't you get out of my head ? this is something ridiculous !
"gotta type my nhs packet   school on monday, yaaay  indecision "
playing a game with my <propmale> neighbor who's eight   and she doesn't speak english  hopefully it'll go well if i just say yes  haha
"alright, sock it to me quarter four  stressful nights, homework exemptions, ridiculous projects, here i come , cause summer 2010 is behind you  smile "
"is about to get her smurf on   best <propfemale>, ever  smile "
"thank you itunes  just set you on shuffle, and everything falls into place "
<propfemale> weaver: i miss you  today was pretty blah  tommorow will be an official s&m day  smile  it's gonna be pretty bangin'  
avoiding my homework at all costs  i'm still not really not digging this hw thing this week 
i wish things could be different sometimes  only sometimes 
just decided: i'm gonna grow up and stop playing games  period  life's too short for the bs and it's time to start doing things my way  simple as that 
"i can see seven airplanes in the sky  they're really pretty, like stars  thanks, volcano "
watching tv   movies  reading magazines  thinking good thoughts  tonight's gonna be a good night  smile 
i love my bed!
it's a day with daddy  wink 
about to ice the cake that i baked  red <propfemale> w  strawberry  mm mm good  smile 
"i hate when i waste my time doing fun stuff, and then later i regret it because i have actual work that i have to get done  bummer "
"isn't it funny how when things are going good, life does a complete 180 and completely throws you off? i just can't seem to laugh this one off "
"why are teachers always so upset? i just walked in the building  i mean really, i'm not the one who told you to become an educator in a place full of raging teen hormones "
"has the funniest mother, ever  hahaa"
sore throat  annoyed 
i hate my internet box   it always goes at detrimental times such as this right here !
yukmouth  there is seriously a rapper named yukmouth 
doing nothing takes a freakin long time 
youtube is ruining my life ! why are the videos so interesting?
get me bodied ! yo beyonce  wink 
"dear mr  weather, i would like to wear some spring clothes  so let me know if i should order some skirts    or if i should hold off for a couple weeks  sincerely, a concerned shopper "
"i have the tendancy to worry, alot  maybe it's time to just step back and let things be     no stress on me "
i have officially lost my itouch  if anybody finds it i will be very very grateful  had it last in the annex building  sad 
"they say, whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger  well jeez, cause then i'm pretty sure i should be wrecking cities like shezilla by now  let's just keep it going "
stop the press! it isn't even 8 and i have finished my work! maybe i should get started on the work i got today    nahh 
"i have so many paper cuts and scratches, i'm afraid to take a shower  now that is ridiculous !"
"dear time, i appreciate all you've given me  but could you please slow down just a little bit? i really want to enjoy these last few moments  with all due respect, miosha "
"don't forget to pick up your corsages and boutunnieres tomorrow! haven't ordered, there's still a few left  save money this prom  smile "
"guess what i found ! a baby born, my cabbage patch doll, some myscene dolls  remember them good days? flashback city  smile "
"my legs are <propfemale> tired, but today was a success, i think "
"is about to surf youtube \very quickly\"" before i go to bed """
is feeling like booking some weekend plans 
sleep 
chemistry homework 
is going to sleep  asap 
is having a creativity block  thanks ten percent paper  annoyed 
there is something i've been meaning to do    i just can't remember  fopp!
black eyed peas - the e n d  is stuck in my brain  smile 
is <propfemale> very tired 
friday! is tomorrow!
being a teenager  fml 
anger is not pretty 
"so much fun last but, so tired today  ughhh !"
is studying to the beat of the music  smile 
"so much going on, i don't even know which way to go "
"today i turned sixteen  finally  it was very low-key, but one of the best i've ever had  thanks everyone sooo much! yesmylife  smile "
loving my best friend <propfemale>  smile 
"watching the world cup , south korea !"
new hair  it's kinda cool 
my days just got a little brighter  smile 
the first day of summer   spent at the clinic  great 
"when you make a mistake, you just have to learn  life is never easy "
starting to pack for the movers next week 
first day of work  last night in my house  this is going to be an interesting summer
"new place of resident, fifth floor  six weeks left, they're gonna be goood  wink "
"this week has been the longest week ever, thank you summer hire "
had the best saturday in a while  smile  thanks <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propmale> tross 
"today, i'm gonna act like it's summer  i'm gonna dress up really pretty, spend some cash while shopping, head to the library for a new book  wink  and then go to the movies  everybody needs a luxurious-like day "
"since i did a horrible job letting people know, apparantly, i am leaving at the very beginning of august  don't beat me up next week b c i didn't tell you it was my last  this is the official \ i'm leaving  \"""""
watching saturday night live and eating cake  smile 
"is about to snuggle under her covers with some magazines  i feel <propfemale> happy right now, yesmylife!"
tomorrow 
"@<propfemale> weaver, i have had a bopper moment "
"just finished packing, and my luggage can't even stand it's so full  this is the last goodnight for wiesbaden, but i'm gonna look up and forward  thanks for everything  smile "
is in the united states of <propfemale>  smile 
south carolinaa !
"my wallet just broke, that is really really lame  like, dorky lame "
happy 83rd birthday to my grandpa  smile 
watching where the heart is  american cable  smile 
"first day of <propmale> year, accomplished "
"my dad is fighting a live crab in the kitchen  sorry peta, he's gonna get eaten "
"my cell phone, finally!"
"picture day is tomorrow, and i'm not diggin it "
"i miss you quite a lot, and i'm sad to be so far away from you  but things ain't over till it's over, and guess what   it ain't over "
"about to enjoy my date with youtube, the perfect way to end the night "
"i don't think anybody has a best friend like mine, summer 2011, lookin' good!"
"everytime i start to think things are gonna get better, little things like this just chip away at me; i don't want to end up in broken pieces "
youtube time  smile 
i think my phone died  really phone? you had to break when i need you the most? thanks 
i feel like i'm back home now  so close to cloud 9 
"three day weekend begins now, yesmylife!"
"went to the eye doctor, so now i can't see  i guess i can't do any work  smile "
i hate to say i'm back when i never left  but i hate to say i'm not sorry when i owe you so much 
wiesbaden 2006-2010  love 
so    tired   
the nutcracker !
"one more week, let's go "
"amazing how one day can change your whole outlook  haven't had one in a while, yesmylife  smile "
"going to deliver presents at my grandmothers  smile  today is gonna be good, for sure  positivity all around  <propfemale> <propfemale> "
"watched the wizard of oz today, i don't think it's a christmas movie but it made me appreciate how different my family is and i love it  smile "
"i feel like i'm <propfemale> close, but so far away  life is just funny that way "
"even though the timing is a little off    let it snow, let it snow, let it snow  smile "
please don't ever ask if the taj mahal is in indiana  and yes this has really been asked 
i'm starting to get just a little worried about this bad weather thing   we're slowly running out of food  annoyed 
college planning? try cappex com    it's amaazing  smile 
this weekend was such a blessing  ryla 2011  love  yesmylife!
that's homework vibe? i'm just not feeling it his week 
i heard we r who we are on the way to and from my ryla luncheon  nostalgia much  hot and dangerouss  
why is that when i actually need to use my computer it's so slow  i bet fb would never freeze on me when i should be doing something important 
"no matter what someone does or say, you're not insignificant  i just keep remembering that  smile "
i'm having one of those dessert and youtube moments  i need some metime 
homework  confidential 
"ohh, i finished catcher in the rye today  wasn't even for a school assignment  guess who feels just a little bit enlightened  starts with an m  "
i always try to go back and fix things  but some things just aren't fixable   and i'm okay with that 
"big bang is back, tonightt "
stupidity is stupidity  i guess i should just let people do what they do best 
"dear school, you trippin "
outlet shopping on a saturday afternoon is a pretty good idea  matter fact it was a boss idea  smile 
"woah woah woah  sat subject tests? smh  mister time, dear time; i need you oh time "
those almost perfect days where you just can't even see the bad parts? that was my day 
