5416982be1ac451b4f09ac1e3b7cf714
tell me everything  i want to listen  i'm listening 
"if you are waiting for anything in order to live and love without holding back, then you suffer  every moment is the most important moment of your life  no future time is better than now to let down your guard and love "
"right now, and in every now-moment, you are either closing or opening  you are either stressfully waiting for something - more money, security, affection - or you are living from your deep heart, opening as the entire moment, and giving what you most deeply <propfemale> to give, without waiting "
"soon the child's clear eye is clouded over by ideas and opinions,preconceptions and abstractions simple free being becomes encrusted with the burdensome armor of the ego not until years later does an instinct come that a vital sense of mystery has been withdrawn the sun glints through the pines,and the heart is pierced in a moment of beauty and strange pain, like a memory of paradise after that day,we become seekers "
going to mall by myself in a little bit  maybe i'll find something i want 
"you and i are essentially infinite  choice-makers  in every moment of our existence, we are in that field of  all possibilities where we have access to an infinity of choices  -deepak chopra    i'm ready!!  laugh "
i have to say that dig by incubus is always going to be my favorite song 
"at any moment, you have a choice,  that  either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it  -thich nhat <propfemale>"
"well, gotta find a second job now  my hours were cut to 20  i hate the work world  why can't i go live in a tree   "
"ha, mom signs on my account and plays farmville  i don't even know how to play it "
i want my full back ink already!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gimme!!!!!!!!
"of course, the buttered side of my toast hits the floor   "
i really do not care for miley cyrus   but i like her new song can't be tamed  catchy 
yay! got the reebok easytone shoes  smile 
"well, i'm not buying another jar of veganaise for a long time  this is like the third time i have had to throw out a full jar because the fridge wasn't shut all the way "
"well, didn't get to see mom today but i have a present for her! ha "
"busy day  going to cut <propfirst>'s hair, take him to the store, pick up my shoes from dad's house, then go to work "
trying to decide if i want to be a manager for fashion bug    ?????
it's annoying being around people who gossip when i'm the one person who doesn't  seriously people   can't you just shut up?
"so   basically at my job i have to be this bubbly outgoing person, which is not me at all  it's driving me nuts  i don't feel like i'm being myself, and my energy drains really fast   aaand that's mostly the reason i haven't decided yet if i want to be a manager there "
just woke up  it's my second day off  maybe i will go running! ha 
maybe this is for the best   even though i feel like shit 
mom stop checking my mail and stuff when you sign on here!!!     or i will change my password!!! lol  love 
wow  my brother has a job washing dishes and makes way more than me  that makes my job look sooo shitty  i really don't like fashion bug 
so i guess the mystery gallery does sound healing every first and third monday of each month  found that out from a lady that came in to my work yesterday  i want to go!!!
taking my brother shopping tomorrow  will be in the canby area  then going to his show in beaverton 
i wish more people would realize and understand this- \cultivating a mind that does not grasp at \,5416982be1ac451b4f09ac1e3b7cf714,bored  listening to strangers by portishead  ugh i don't know what to do tonight!!!!
"how are we supposed to coexist and love one another when we are full of unacceptance, judgment, and when we can't see past ideas of right and wrong? the answer is   you cannot "
went running this morning! felt good  smile 
"ugh fuck low rise jeans  i have a longer torso, i need higher jeans!!! all the best ones are so damn e playful ensive!!!!! i can't afford 100 dollar jeans people!!!!"
don't you hate wanting something and not wanting it at the same time? ugh 
i must start painting again  i need to 
i'm tired of dealing with clothes  wow 
work soon 
"well, my car is a being a piece, and my job sucks  i need a better car and more hours  i can't afford anything after bills!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate you money    "
no more shitty food  i need to go back to organics   this is ridiculous 
11:11
"well, i will be home by myself this weekend because everyone is going camping and i of course have to work  someone keep me company or something? ugh how many times has this happened now?"
i just might draw something today  or paint???
don't you just love it when people take your clothes out of the washer or dryer and somehow a sock or something goes missing forever? i'm frustrated 
"the plan   going to astoria the 18th-19th of september with mom to get our matching tattoos for my birthday, then maybe a month or two i'm going back to finally start my back piece  yes! this is an exciting plan  smile "
"let's all just make ourselves fat with our processed, inorganic food filled with hormones, pesticides and other chemical shit that destroys our body   "
mmmm hazelnuts   
"if we are honest with ourselves, most of us will have to admit that we live out our lives in an ocean of fear "
"at any moment, you have a choice,  that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it  -thich nhat <propfemale>"
"love\ is what we are born with  fear is what we have learned here  the \spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love \back into our hearts "
"never shop at papaya clothing  my first e playful erience with their clothing has been the worst ever  cheap materials and they suck  you won't ever get your money back   or even an exchange if something is ruined the first time washed  my advice, don't waste your money "
wtf are cookie buttons?
"realize that gossip between the family is quite immature and rude  with all due respect, please keep your negative thoughts to yourself or learn to change them  i refuse to let this silliness bother me any further "
"thanks to <propmale>, i have the <propmale> python and the holy grail theme song stuck in my head   on my birthday  hahaha "
by the end of friday my entire back will officially be inked!!! so fucking excited you don't even know!!!
i know exactly what i want  no one can tell me otherwise   smile 
i am too much love to believe that life truly has an end 
bought my ticket  heading to maine on the 23rd  will be back november 1st 
"for\ nearly a hundred years, we have known that the material world is an \illusion  everything that seems solid - a rock, a tree, your body - is \actually 99 999% empty space  -deepak chopra"
"your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it "
"the\ <propfemale> for truth is the highest of all <propfemale>s, yet, it is still a \<propfemale>  all <propfemale>s must be given up for the real to be     when all \search ceases, it is the supreme state "
the majority of people need to realize this   \the\,5416982be1ac451b4f09ac1e3b7cf714,"so much for my busy day  i can't even get out of bed, i'm in so much pain "
"soon\ the child's clear eye is clouded over by ideas and opinions, \preconceptions and abstractions  simple free being becomes encrusted \with the burdensome armor of the ego "
"i'm so different, awakened, tapped in to me these days, i barely remember anything back before 2 years ago  strange, is it not?"
look at what is happening to us   
"you\ know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a \single power, a single salvation   and that is called loving \well then, love your suffering \do not resist it, do not flee from it \it is only your aversion to it that hurts, nothing else  -hermann hesse"
"quiet, you!"
going home tomorrow  get to see my <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i miss him sooooo much!!!!!!!  love 333333
"any path is only a path, and there is no affront to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you "
this new world order shit is really starting to piss me off 
not feeling very good 
today   
"getting this straight in my own head: so, i is an illusion  it's not real  so where is the everlasting you in all of this? you are just the awareness, pure being, aware of all that happens in your self "
trying to work at home and my internet is being incredibly slow  so frustrating!!!
"i've been awake since 5 smile 0 this morning, just got home from work, and my day is anything but over   sad  what the hell am i supposed to do?     tell me    "
"wide awake, getting some laundry done, then going to work  i'm kind of excited for this work party tonight   smile "
life has been super busy  this could be a good thing!
i'm tired of the city  i want to feel more connected to earth 
"love is misunderstood to be an emotion; actually, it is a state of awareness, a way of being in the world, a way of seeing oneself and others  -<propfirst> hawkins"
"so my bank messed up the amount of money i put in to my account by 300 dollars, and now i have overdraft fees, i'm sick, and i need to work  i don't have time to be sick and have money issues  i'm pissed "
i am so frustrated with work 
working 8-9 today  long day ahead of me   
"working, and again stomach issues  this is just miserable! make it stoooopppppp "
i feel alone 
"you know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a single power, a single salvation   and that is called loving  well then, love your suffering  do not resist it, do not flee from it  it is only your aversion to it that hurts, nothing else "
spiritual evolution occurs as the result of removing obstacles and not actually acquiring anything new  devotion enables surrender of the mind's vanities and cherished illusions so that it progressively becomes more free and more open to the light of truth 
"\i accept your ickys \"" hahahahahaha """
there is no better time than now   
"stomach pain, go away "
if you don't want me here just tell me   because this hurts 
the downside of spiritual education is the buildup of the vanity of 'i know' and the devaluation of people who are 'not spiritual'  therefore it is important as a foundation to spiritual training and education to learn how consciousness manifests as the ego and its mechanisms  - <propfirst> r  hawkins
here we're awake and the silence is broken 
why do i have to love beachworks soooooo much????? i wanna spend $$$'s!!! way too many cute clothes  ugh!!!
really irritated  can we just stop this right now please? this system does not and will never work for us 
i hate sports  please stfu
"sometimes i miss hangin out with girls  i feel like i have no friends anymore  wow i'm lame, haha "
"i think i want to learn music theory, and write beautiful music "
"if you have tried to get ahold of me via phone, sorry but i left my charger elsewhere and i will not be able to get to it until tomorrow night "
"i don't know about you, but i am completely in love with andes creme de menthe thins "
balloon
the sun is shining through my windows and i'm organizing my room  smile  lots of stuff to get rid of 
"list for today: work from home, clean the house, grocery shopping, goodwill, pick up my paycheck, then head out to canby tonight "
"well, i officially don't have a job, so if you know anyone who is hiring, it would be great to know "
"i know i said i wasn't going to die my hair but wow it's getting boring! i wanna die it a red color, and have some layers "
"screw this, i'm losing 5 pounds and toning "
<propfemale> castles was amazing last night  danced crazy for about two hours! sooo much fun 
"hmm, took a huge nap, and i woke up irritated  how lovely "
"just made a really good vegan dinner  smile  mashed red potatoes with kale, mushrooms, garlic and green onions, and fried eggplant  now making a sweet something with fresh fruit   "
"mmmm   teriyaki rice with carrots, broccoli, red cabbage and yellow squash   smile "
the bathing suit i want is $248  why does this happen to meeeee????????
"me: \got anything cool to eat?\"" cory: \""well i've got bananas \""   haha """
"i am in love with love\and love is in love with me \my body is in love with the soul\and the soul is in love with my body \i opened my arms to love\and love embraced me like a lover \rumi"
everything in the universe is within you  ask all from yourself  -rumi
i keep seeing 11 11 lately  it's driving me nuts!
waking up to a baby covered in shit is not exactly my cup of tea 
spent $40 and got 2 dresses and a little top at urban outfitters  yessss  smile 
"walnuts, walnuts, the magical nuts, the more you eat the more you    butts  -<propmale> brotherton"
lilly+more poop=bath
i'm so bored  this is not like me 
this is just stupid 
"i'm tired, irritated, and stressed  gooooooodnight!"
sigh 
11:11
i almost never <propfemale> out with girls  something is wrong here   
"ok, so i came out to canby earlier than i wanted, so i could take <propfirst> to work by four, and now i'm really bored and sitting at the house by myself  lame "
i just love spilling boiling water on my hands 
"even the <propfemale> for peace of mind or bliss is an ego  life is a battle, and we don't want to face that "
wouldn't you agree that it is quite scary to be vulnerable even with your own self at times?
going to try sleeping   
 sad 
sigh
i guess i will try to sleep now 
i should not be awake 
feeling like i should just say fuck it all 
i'm really getting tired of selfish and dishonest people  please go away 
stupid boxelder bug  stop crawling on my bed!
you can't tell me bubbles don't make you smile   especially banana scented bubbles 
"we search for everything we believe we don’t have, not knowing that everything we are looking for is already inside us  we are born with it  -<propmale> <propmale> ruiz"
sigh 
you juicy jelly bean llama 
sorry to anyone i have not replied to on here in the last couple of weeks  i have been super busy  i moved back to canby and i am dealing with a shitty insurance company and doctor appointments  also i am trying to find a job and or collect unemployment   and there is a nail in one of my tires on top of the damage from the car accident a month ago 
