ea5db05f5b6cd6b49f4df910f4d06a7b
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness "
11 days until ct!!!
"ok, so change of plans  vt this week, ct next week "
"um, bored  time to start drinking "
finally back in ct for the first time in 7 months!!
"so my feet legs are totally sore after driving <propfemale> on her first long road trip, lame : ("
my little sister turned 16 today!! happy birthday <propfemale>!
"grabbing a quick bite to eat, then heading out to visit a friend  smile "
"finally got a cute new pair of glasses! so excited, i mean, my old ones only got stepped on back in feb lol "
"omg, someone save me from my boredom "
"<propfemale> and i are going to the providence place mall today! yay!! then back home to nh, cellular device would be the best way to reach me  smile "
"out of work early, going to relax have a few drinks & not worry about things i cant change anyways "
just one more day of work to get through 
"i might fall in love with the next person to give me a foot massage, seriously "
one day i will learn to listen to my instincts 
the snow is just one more thing to make me hate life right now 
"bought my bathing suit for the summer! i picked the brightest one i could find, thought it would fit my personality lol "
the stars are out & its the perfect night for a cruise in the <propfemale> : )
"starting tonight i am making a conscious effort to be happier in every day life, here goes!"
"i think i might be done puking now, at least my abs got a workout today "
"i'm watching xena the warrior <propfemale> right now, lol "
road trip!  laugh 
"had a nice trip to ct, heading back home soon  no cellphone so it'll be a quiet trip "
brr  why cant it be <propfemale> & warm outside at the same time?
i'm going to sit here & eat this whole pint of <propmale> & jerrys chocolate chip cookie dough : )
i'm hoping that by dressing nice the sun will stay out!
i might hate my job but i love my new schedule !
i have rediscovered the joy of bubble baths : )
level 15 on tetris ?! insanity 
i keep losing my bathing suit bottoms    : (
another wonderful day in the world of banking 
my new comfy pillow keeps telling me to stay in bed today 
it's a good day for cleaning 
"current mood : miserable, with a side of physical pain & mental anguish "
: )
nothing seems to ruin my good mood lately  oh and visits from old friends make me happy too : )
grr  i do not want to be at the 99 all day 
in ct visiting the family for a day or two 
"my nose just started gushing blood, i'm going to go ahead and say thats a sign i'm too stressed out right now "
on the road again 
i follow where my mind goes 
<propfemale> is in labor!
"kitten update: so far there are 3 little ones, but i think there might be one more left "
fuck bike week  i am tired of being stuck behind bikers out for a fucking joy ride so they dont even go the god damn speed limit  go back where you came from 
old orchard beach tomorrow! what?! you know you're jealous 
these 30 days are going to go by a lot slower than i thought  missing him already : (
celebrating big sexy's birthday at o  o  b  : )
this has been the longest week ever 
"i miss <propfirst>, i really wish he was home  sad "
hearing from my man made my day : )
today i am feeling like i hate my life 
i'm really too young to be feeling this old 
only 3 more days left 
i came so close to finishing the crossword this morning that it makes my brain hurt 
<propfemale> is slowly dying on me  sad 
working my 3rd dbl in a row and then finally a day off tomorrow 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars; i could really use a wish right now 
on my way home  smile 
"being home always makes me feel like i'm in highschool again, nothing ever changes  being nostalgic today "
this headache is ruining my woodstock fair e playful erience 
"that's it mister, you've just lost your brain privledges!"
playing leggo indiana jones with <propfirst>  smile 
the worst night of sleep i`ve had in a long time  sad 
to me you're like a grown addiction i can't deny 
now i'm feelin so fly like a g-6 
"lost in the corn maze with <propfirst>, what a fun afternoon  smile "
wumbo!
life is so unfair; there is a 4 hr marathon of spongebob today and i have to work all day : (
the countdown has begun    
"had an awesome birthday, thanks everyone  smile "
on the road again    
thanksgiving just isn't the same when you're not at home 
"hahaha     watching bleach, wtf "
"said in conversation about family \\n\my sister is the shit \""\\nlove you <propfemale>  love """
<propfemale> christmas everyone !
my cat is walking around with a piece of plastic sticking out of her butt     no wonder she's been cranky all day 
"somehow, my hair never turns out quite the way i imagined it when i started it "
just worked my first night as a waitress     made $7 whoo hoo!
chunk needs your love right now 
"after scaring us half to death this morning, the vet says chunk seems to be making a recovery and should hopefully be home tomorrow "
mmm     applesauce 
"hello snow, my old nemisis  you will not defeat <propfemale> and i "
"finally, my week of torture at work is over  relaxing with <propfirst> for the night  then it's the same hellish schedule next week "
is extremely dissapointed with the amount of her tax refund this year 
i am wondering when or if i will ever get my energy back    
doesn't remember the last time she did something besides work on the weekend  blahhh 
i'm still scratching my head at this one  american homeless go without eating  american elderly go without needed medicines  american mentally ill go without treatment  american troops go without proper equipment  american veterans go without benefits they were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  have the guts to re-post this  1% will re-post and 99% won't  
i feel like a pee factory 
