595168dc9208a44f8daef299f03e4bc5
"omg, i swear if my shoulder doesn't let up i'm gonna scream!!! getting 2 where it hurts all the way down into my fingers and is sooo painful that it's keeping me nauseated! idk what 2 do, fighting my back is bad enuff, but this is killing me!"
tryin' 2 keep <propfemale> frum sleeping is hard work just in case any1 was wondering  *sigh*
"ok   i give, where the hell is everybody?!?! i haven't heard frum, like, any1 in several days!!!"
about 2 leave w my mom and my sis  not n the best of moods cuz a cpl ppl r mad at me and won't tell me why 
"it's interesting   i have learned a lot today  i have learned that people can change in a heartbeat for the bad as well as the good, i have learned that nobody is ever exactly what they seem to be, i have learned that there are a very select few that go above and beyond the call of duty when needed, and i have learned that my heart can be broken, somewhat mended, re-broken and simply numb all in the span of a day "
just sendin' love to my beautiful neice   sleep well precious <propfemale>  smile 
going to bed  my anniversary is tomorrow and i need to pull myself out of this depressed slump so i can enjoy the day that makes 12 years with my husband 
"doing better today   learning to try to only worry about things i can change, and trying to let go of the things i can't"
heading out to dinner and a movie for my anniversary  smile 
ugh   my monster is not doing it's job   i'm still tired  and why is nobody on here?!?!?!
"ugh   em, i hate it when every1 goes 2 bed!"
ok i give  i am apparently the only frickin 1 up and bored!
"yep, so 2day is my baby sisters wedding, which is awesum cuz i love her husband-2-b and know he will treat her rite, and i'm sooo excited 4 them! but omg i'm so old! and kinda nervous just cuz i've nvr <propmale> n a wedding b4!"
"well, it's official, my little sis is married   but she couldn't have picked a better man  i luv u guys!"
"well, it's official, my little sis is married   but she couldn't have done better, so i'm happy  smile   i love u guys!"
i swear it seems that if i am bored enuff 2 sit here and repeatedly look at the same crap on fb then nobody else is on  i'm glad u all have better things 2 do!  playful 
ok   gotta get off here and drag my happy butt upstairs and finish wrapping presents and writing riddles   wish me luck  smile 
ugh   i'm bored and lazy all at the same time   nothing 2 do xcept stuff i dnt wanna do 
"ok   'certain people' that r not answering me r driving me crazy, and other 'certain people' do not get think that other 'certain people' that i know r hott   it's not cool   just so we're clear!"
"and fyi   each of these 'certain people' knows precisely who they r, so there's no need 4 any1 2 b sittin' around wondering if i'm talkin' about them  smile "
"ok, gonna go play guitar hero cuz u ppl r all being boring  playful "
"ok, so imma get offa here and go bake 4 a while, and then i'll b back 2 c if any1 is on yet  smile "
ok   bored   i giv up  imma go 2 my room and read cuz i hav nothing better 2 do  i'm really tired of hurting and being sick   it's a good thing i hav no alcohol or i'd b blitzed by now   
"well, i have got 2 b about the only person n history that has the capability of screwing around with a device 4 long enuff that i lock myself out of it  i am not happy rite now  these things should not allow u 2 make 'unlock patterns\ when ur tired and just screwing around being stupid """
yup  gonna go 2 bed and hope morning sux less   to quote a great friend   boo 
"kk   couldn't sleep, so imma steal the thing that chelle stole frum sumbody so i will have interesting things 2 look at when i get back on here! so   everybody post a random fact about urself   make em good  laugh "
"and while ur at it, post ur strangest worst fear or phobia   assuming u all hav 1 \i intend 2 keep putting weird stuff like this cuz otherwise nobody has anything 2 talk about  smile "
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bitch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversati ons pick up where they left off, even if they have been months apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are!"
"ok   i guess imma go upstairs now, cuz my usband is mean and gonna go up and i'm n a seriously weird mood and dnt feel like being alone  luv u guys   and i still hav my fone on if u wanna txt me "
ugh   bored
"where is everybody?!?! ugh, i'm so happy u all have lives while i'm sitting here yelling at fb   gay!!!"
"lovin' the weather  i'm weird (like noboby knew that already) cuz what most ppl consider 'bad' weather actually improves my mood  4 any1 that wasn't aware of the fact, sanger sux   unless they decided really l8, they didn't close or delay 2day at all   i just kept the kids home anyways  smile "
"i and my family are asking all those who believe to send up prayers for <propfirst>' aunt <propfemale>  she is in icu again, long story short she went to the e r  with a respiratory infection but when they went to dialisize her she went into convulsions  she has been thru so much and we just ask that you all hold her and her family up in prayer  thank you "
"ok, i'll play    let's see how creative my facebook friends are    leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name    it can only be 1 word   then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you    don't just post a word and not copy cause that's not fun     smile "
b-day shopping   yay lol  at least i hav good company  smile 
"yup, tired of ppl causing my mood 2 suck 2 a point that i pretty much dnt talk 2 any1 4 fear of being a b**ch  it rather sux and prolly makes the wrong ppl think that i'm mad and i dnt like it  i give up, i'm going 2 bed   2morrow has got 2 b better "
"k   i've changed my puppy's name, it's gonna b tigger-pooh  smile  named after my and my husbands childhood nicknames "
"doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this!"
"oh, and btw i didn't name the lil girl   annabelle poochy was not my idea"
yay! i luv the nae! i officially didn't upset her and she rox  smile 
