4c42e38282594cd6746c84f9202d5433
is the jesus to <propfemale> ringenbach's judas 
can't find her phone   sighh 
wishes there was a ctrl+f in real life 
has a job interview!!!
"   yeah so that job is definitely a scam, so nevermind "
"has an interview at mcdonald's!  score!!  (and yes, i know it's sad that i'm this excited to potentially be working at mcdonald's)"
has another job interview tomorrow!  woo!
"today, my friend told a joke, and i laughed along with everyone else  then five minutes later, i chuckled silently to myself because i finally understood the joke  mlia"
begins her career as blizzard-maker today 
wtf <propfirst> mays died?!
epically fails at cooking 
has looked at a clock at 11:11 like four times this week 
feels like a badass when she plays piano at midnight while she's home alone 
needs a good book to read 
is already super pumped for <propmale> potter   even though she knows the movie is going to be terrible 
just randomly got her cartilage pierced lol 
"(404): oh, don't even get me started  <propmale> potter is so pure  twilight is just teenage girl porn "
apparently the ap test graders have no sense of humor so i did not receive a well-deserved 5 on my ap gov exam 
<propmale> potter!!!
thinks jazz is pretty sweet 
just successfully gave her cats a bath 
does anyone know what that website is where you can put youtube stuff in your itunes library?
"okay, who the hell invented consciences??"
lol wow i wish i was at penn state right now 
lol nevermind i hate you guys
just spent a completely insane amount of money on piano music 
is so bored 
is watching the potter musical on youtube and thinks that it is totally awesome 
didn't even realize that there was a second act of a very potter musical   this just made my night 
has to work tonight  boo 
is pretty excited for next week 
is going up to athens today for orientation tomorrow  smile 
is trying yet failing rather miserably to solve the 5x5 rubik's cube 
had like the best and most entertaining night of work thanks to <propfemale> and <propfemale> 
is going along with <propfemale> to try to get <propfemale> fired from her job today 
getting kicked out of cincinnati mills with <propfemale> quite possibly made my summer 
just found about 10 empty diet coke cans in her room   it's probably time to admit she has a problem 
is shopping with her roommate today  smile 
"dude, pretty much everyone is leaving for college this week  annoyed "
"woo, project runway's on tonight!!"
history has a funny way of repeating itself 
will be moving into ou in exactly 2 weeks!
may literally be dying of boredom   school needs to start or something 
feels like she may have completely screwed up   fuckkkk 
"should not be allowed to do anything permanent like get a tattoo   seriously, i can't commit to anything "
is so not looking forward to working a double shift today 
 smile  !!
is going to depaul's orientation thursday and friday   ahhh this is so weird lol 
feels weird being network-less for the moment 
has so much stuff she still has to do omg 
just quit her job!!  wooo!
"lol, well i'm screwed "
is going to chicago tomorrow!
"definitely made the right choice with depaul, buts should hire a professional decision-maker in the future to avoid these crazy situations "
is completely exhausted but can't sleep at all 
still hasn't started packing   lol 
"4 years at ursuline left me a wardrobe comprised almost entirely of hoodies, t-shirts, and jeans   i kinda-sorta started packing "
"goodbye, cincinnati!"
"is (almost, sort of, not really) unpacked!"
chicago is awesome!
"starts discover chicago today and has no idea where to go for her first class   lol, this should be interesting "
just had some pretty epic roommate bonding time 
college really does nothing to help your procrastination problems 
is sunburnt  sad 
appreciates how completely insanely awesome her apartment is a little more every day 
just got like the scariest email ever from her new piano teacher lol 
has so much to do   ahhh 
goes to the best school ever 
is going out tonight!  yay for being in college and living in chicago!
has to actually be productive today 
does not like papers 
why is labor day always so boring?
can't believe classes start tomorrow 
could seriously live off <propmale> crackers 
has a choir audition today   lol 
has graeter's ice cream!  woo!
already has a fan group   i feel pretty special 
is having roommate bonding time tonight
's internet sucksssss
is having subway for the first time since she got here  smile 
's internet frustrates her to no end 
is being a total insomniac 
just cleaned her room?  what?
has her first piano lesson tonight 
is not exactly having a good time discovering chicago at the moment 
's add definitely got worse as a result of college   and as a result of being roommates with <propmale> <propmale> 
the office premiers tonight and i have class  annoyed 
reading super creepy stories right before i'm about to go to sleep is probably not the best idea ever 
is starting the whole rushing thing today 
well that was exhausting lol 
has absolutely no <propfemale> to do anything productive today 
was so confused by the season premier of house   then she realized that it was actually 2 hours long and she came in during the middle of it   lol fml 
yeah   ursuline definitely didn't teach me time management lol 
just figured out how to tag <propfemale> menton in her status 
<propfirst> <propmale> dinner party   bitches   
loves downtown chicago   and <propfirst> chill 
misses her car 
"got frozen yogurt twice tonight   yeah, i'm pretty awesome "
is really glad <propfemale> came to visit today   and that she got to play guitar hero with her at 6 smile 0 in the morning   and that we got to get lost multiple times downtown 
slept waaaay too much yesterday 
bid day!
can see her floor again!
is really glad she decided to rush  smile 
is trying and failing miserably to start her discover paper 
is getting pizza with her dad tonight  smile 
"wow, procrastination screws you over a lot more in college than it did in high school "
just looked through her word documents for her discover chicago paper   then she realized that she hadn't even started that paper yet   or practiced for group piano   lol fml 
is writing her paper at a rate of one sentence an hour 
is on a video kick 
is soooo not happy about the obnoxious drilling going on below her in that thai restaurant this early in the morning 
lol tonight was fun
is pretty sure that at least half of the money she's spent since she got to chicago has been on frozen yogurt 
has had 65 facebook notifications total today 
final day's facebook notification count: 85   i feel special 
group piano does not make me happy 
has missed house three times in a row now   damn central time 
has a voice lesson today   lol yikes 
is excited for glee tonight!
"didn't see the email canceling her 8 smile 0am class   ugh, lol, i'm going back to bed "
thinks it kinda sucks that all of her classes are basically picked for her for the first two years of college  annoyed 
"'s family apparently has some mad facebook video-making skills   thanks, <propfirst> schroer for that awesome video "
is finding out where the depaul gym is today!
hasn't seen <propfemale> <propmale> in a long time   aw boo 
just took a pretty epic nap 
"just got bitch-slapped   over facebook, lol "
just went to the most intense crunch class ever   rip <propfirst>'s abs 
wants a tattoo 
is so excited for the weekend 
is going searching for a tattoo place today 
wishes she could <propmale> in like 10 things and still graduate in four years 
"is a secret genius   yeah, that's right "
"wishes she had like a $5,000 itunes gift card "
8 smile 0 am classes suck 
has accomplished absolutely nothing today  smile 
is doing some hardcore cleaning 
uncle <propfirst>'s brownies are the shit 
needs to start sleeping or something 
is pretty pumped for the haunted house tonight  smile 
had an awesome time at navy pier tonight
just got a tattoo!!!!
is already super pumped for the weekend 
yay monday morning 
actually really misses math 
"dear czerny, i don't like you "
's room is actually kinda clean!
"is seeing <propfemale> brown, <propfemale> asmus, <propfirst> schroer, and (maybe) <propfemale> ringenbach this weekend!  and her cats!  and her car!"
ah it's so weird to be home
is at ou for halloween with kellster!
is finally back in chicago 
"if laziness could be a middle name, initial me so i could wander off and fall asleep "
didn't procrastinate for the first time in her entire life and is now officially done with discover chicago  smile 
had a pretty awesome night 
is officially a bubble tea addict 
will be a happy camper when this week is finally over 
just hemmed her concert choir dress with staples   being a catholic school girl her entire life has taught her well 
ahh stress 
will be very very happy at 4:45 tomorrow 
is done with school til 2010  smile 
is so excited that <propfemale> cohen finally got a facebook  smile 
's going home tomorrow but will miss chicago 
happy thanksgiving!  going home today 
boredboredboredbored
still boredboredboredbored 
doesn't want to have to wait til spring for glee to come back on 
has been reintroduced to the impossible quiz   sigh 
is officially declaring war on <propfemale> ringenbach
made some pretty beastly amish friendship bread  <propfemale> ringenbach will not be getting any 
is a total wtf 
ahhh it's snowing!
where oh where is my phone?
spin class with <propfirst> schroer   booooo 
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>!
<propfemale> christmas!
chess is intense 
is going back to chicago  smile 
beat <propfemale> ringenbach at chess!
woooo no more choir!
has friday night piano lessons now?  booooo
white
isn't in the mood to be productive
loves <propfemale> ringenbach 
loves <propfemale> guay  smile 
is it the weekend yet?
ugh fml
productivity is so not happening today 
"wtf, facebook?"
classes getting cancelled tomorrow would be fabulous 
's room is (finally) clean!
forgot how to sleep 
hey <propmale> is the best show ever 
is kinda bummed that she can't go home this weekend 
hates paperrrrrs 
aspires to be a badass 
"will be seeing <propfemale> asmus, <propfemale> ringenbach, <propfemale> brown, <propfemale> guay, and <propfirst> schroer next week  smile "
papers ahhhhhhishdiushdiasudhsdgasdsad
accidentally slept through her group piano final   today is going to be an awesome day 
has officially begun her summer employment search  annoyed 
is going back to chicago 
<propfemale> ringenbach is my <propfemale> cuisine 
is going home   again 
"is in an awesome mood after seeing <propfemale> bergh, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfemale> asmus, and <propfemale> ringenbach today "
is officially sick of the megabus 
wants to be a professional bum for the rest of her life 
chooses to embrace the awkwardness in her life 
has no attention span 
will never accomplish anything ever again thanks to <propfirst> spevacek 
 smile 
had a lovely date with <propfemale> menton today  smile 
totally demolished <propfirst> spevacek at chess!  playful 
<propfemale> ringenbach's mom is my hero 
"is super excited to see her dad today, then rock out to some rachmaninoff tonight  smile "
is chilling with <propfirst> schroer today  smile 
is going to the beach  smile 
fmlfmlfmlfmlfmlfmlfmlfmlfmlfml
"\they should put morphine on happy meals \""  - <propfemale> ringenbach"""
is too add for school 
is officially done with her freshman year of college  surprise 
spent a great last night in chicago with the awesomazing <propfemale> cohen and <propfemale> menton  smile 
is back in the 859 513!
is rather bored 
"happy father's day, everyone!"
is sporting a pretty spiffy <propmale> sunburn at the moment 
is officially traumatized for life after reading 3 4ths of american psycho and will never be able to sleep ever again 
feels bad for <propfirst> spevacek because he sucks so bad at chess  playful 
"is going to chicago tonight, then going on an adventure to minnesota to see the lovely <propfirst> spevacek!  laugh "
is back in the good ol' k-tuck 
should not be allowed out in public with <propfirst> schroer 
"any dream i had of being a passable cook died tonight after a tragic, disastrous attempt at making <propmale> sauce "
is packing to leave for chicago tonight  smile  so pumped for warped tour this weekend  smile 
<propmale> vonnegut was such  a great writer 
had an awesome time at warped tour and is on her way home  smile 
is going to start figuring out her life today 
the mars volta is such a freaking awesome band 
is getting all packed to leave for chicago tomorrow  smile 
unpacking organizing everything is taking so long omg 
the real world makes me feel so awesome about my life 
is in boston to see <propfirst> schroer get all grown-up and moved into college and whatnot 
<propfirst> spevacek is the most ridiculous person on the planet 
's sister has completed her transition into adulthood   now going back to chicago!
is such a noob and loves to play fo3 and can't log out of her facebook 
is officially going to learn to cook without disaster ensuing!
made an actually successful stir fry!  (minus the fact that the rice is crunchy and weird)   i am so proud of myself 
awesomely hilarious night  laugh 
"wow, group piano, i did not miss you "
nap>homework
shostakovich 10  love 
"wonders why she continues to be in this unhealthy, destructive relationship with <propfemale> ringenbach "
friday morning group piano=a total bummer
this is why i shouldn't procrastinate   d:
it's awesome when your brush falls in the toilet 
"bleh day today, but excited for random adventure with <propfemale> cohen tonight!"
is not a fan of 8am piano lessons 
it's probably time to clean my room  annoyed 
made some pretty bitchin' chili tonight  smile 
hates it when she only remembers to put one contact in d:
5-hour energy was a fail   time to take a nap 
iwrestledabearonce was fucking awesome 
bleh sick d:
"\all in all it's just another brick in the wall \"""""
there's nothing like starting the morning with a bowl of reese puffs 
is spending the weekend with her parents  smile 
the rain is a really terrible motivator to get me out of bed and to my piano lesson 
"put this as your status if you know, or are related to someone who waskilled at hogwarts when it was under siege by the death eaters duringthe second wizarding war  the order brings unity, but the death eaterscontinue to <propmale> division and hatred  57-ish citizens died in theterrorist attack against hogwarts  93% of people won't repost this will you?"
pain of salvation is rapidly becoming one of my favorite bands 
double <propmale> in music and interactive media   yay for an obnoxiously long college career!
this is what i get for procrastinating so much on memorizing my bach suite d:
is officially looking forward to going home for thanksgiving  smile 
freshly baked cookies that are all mushy from not being fully cooked are the best things ever 
is going to finally clean her room so she doesn't die of some kind of fungal infection or whatever 
is actually going to get stuff accomplished today 
the <propfemale> cuisine turkey dinner with mashed potatoes is kind of amazing 
finals week=totally legitimate excuse to consume a ridiculous amount of carbs
<propmale> potter tonight!!1111111!11!1!!
actually enjoyed the 7th <propmale> potter movie and only had the occasional urge to scream obscenities at the screen for being inconsistent with the book   it is now my december project to reread the entire series 
"done with group piano, now i just have to get owned by the musicianship final and i'll be on my way home for thanksgiving  laugh "
is done with finals!!! going home tonight!  laugh 
lost her phone d:  fml
home sweet home  smile 
pooped her pants
tetris > religion paper
forgot how much she liked muse 
goddd <propmale> potter is amazing 
<propfirst> schroer sucks at tetris 
is procrastinating like a boss 
is such a good samaritan  smile 
can't  stop  watching  fringe 
just one more final!
"\nitwit! blubber! oddment! tweak!\"""""
is going back to the ol' k-tuck today!
mint truffle hershey kisses are excellent 
got some really awesome socks for christmas 
this week is off to a bad start 
started her day by accidentally stepping into some frozen vomit on the sidewalk   awesome 
ugh snow d:
sophomore seminar cancelled   hell yes 
is so pumped for teen mom 2 tonight!  yay for another season of feeling infinitely better about my life 
loves her super chill wednesdays  smile 
advanced to the in-person interview stage for a job!  woohoo!
"saw black swan again tonight   still amazing, yet unbelievably fucked up "
should probably clean her room   
losing games of tetris is so demoralizing 
"the extent of my productivity today was walking to the gym, then realizing that working out was one of the last things i felt like doing at the moment, then turning around and walking home "
it 130 is such a pleasant and soothing class  smile 
needs to stop procrastinating d:
"did laundry, went to the gym for an hour (yeah, that's right), almost cleaned her room, and had some nice life revelations   super productive day, yo!"
everyone on facebook talking about tattoos makes me really want to get another one 
it's cold 
feels a rather productive sunday coming on 
cynic is such a freaking awesome band 
i drink too much diet coke 
is finding it impossible to come up with a reasonable schedule for next quarter   sighhh double <propmale> 
just drank the most incredible smoothie ever   holy moley 
considers herself to be an extremely supportive sister to <propfirst> schroer 
just ate a cupcake for breakfast   i regret nothing 
needs to stop eating pistachios and start doing her homework 
gettin mah hair did today  smile 
is getting all nostalgic reading old xanga entries 
's hair is currently generating enough static electricity to supply power to the entire city of chicago 
depaul cancelled class??  what is this i don`t even 
"the word \snowpocalypse\"" sounds like a dinosaur """
depaul closed tomorrow too???!!
watching the u-haul people attempt to shovel their parking lot is super sad entertaining 
is all caught up with pretty little liars   now i need a new show equally as stupid addicting to keep me entertained through the rest of the snowpocalypse 
"just spent about an hour and a half skyping <propfirst> schroer while playing tetris   yeah, i'm cool "
"person living above me dribbling a basketball nonstop, i might kill you "
apparently the super bowl's today 
all registered for classes!  next quarter is going to be rather hell-ish 
so many tone rows 
there is nothing on the planet that beats a mcdonald`s breakfast 
i wish i was a synesthete 
"dear kelly,\get off facebook and do your homework   seriously "
off to bomb yet another aural training performance exam 
shamrock shake!
is at the rock n` roll mcdonald`s!  all my dreams have come trueeeeeee!
i am digging this weather 
"happy excuse-to-eat-a-shit-ton-of-chocolate day, everyone!  smile "
"i'm in a very \i love life\"" mood right now  smile """
<propfirst> cage's sonatas and interludes for prepared piano are kinda nifty 
it never ceases to amaze me how much awesome and truly innovative music there is out there 
spongebob is on netflix watch instantly   my day has been made 
"no matter how hard i try, i can't seem to be able to keep less than 25 tabs open on my browser at a time "
"electricity, come backkkkkkkkk  sad "
"1237, i am livid "
i can't believe i'm about to write a paper that includes both twilight and pretty little liars 
toddlers in tiaras is a fascinating show 
oh yikes 
it's so nice to be reunited with reese puffs  smile   nomnomnom
"yikes, the idea that i might be able to graduate in four years may have been a bit foolishly optimistic d:"
rainforest cafe is the best place ever 
"chicago winter, why must you hate on my boots?"
my brain is not working right now 
"no, obnoxious sales person paid to stand on street corners and harass people, you may not ask me a question about my hair "
you really can't get any more emo than shostakovich 
it's caffeine time!
today has enormous potential to be an epic fail 
"is seeing <propfirst> schroer, <propfemale> ludwig schroer, and <propfirst> schroer this weekend   schroer family invasion!"
ohmygod
had a splendid weekend  smile 
oh score no group piano today!
some people *cough*kim schroerandjeanne ludwig schroer*cough* really need to stop leaving their uber important items in chicago for me to retrieve when they visit 
there is a high probability that i will fall asleep in lsp 200 today 
i really need a teen mom night tonight 
chips and salsa for breakfast?  hell yes 
the new human abstract cd =  love 
why does facebook keep eating my statuses notifications?
never wearing heels again   ouch and a half 
st  <propfirst>'s day parade today!
just completed a horrendously awful final paper for lsp 200   at least that class is over 
why are sundays always such an epic fail?
"ahhh it's over!  last teen mom night of the quarter tonight, then moseying on home tomorrow  smile "
fuckkk the megabus 
has the most adorable cats on the planet 
whyyyyy am i awake?
tumblr is so freaking addicting 
chipotle should deliver 
can't believe classes start again tomorrow    surprise 
it's good to be back in chicago  smile 
"in spite of the fact that i am up entirely far too early to begin my sixth quarter of group piano (gahhsaudugy), i am choosing to start this quarter off on a note of cheery optimism  smile "
"goodbye, youth"
"thanks, <propfemale> boulos for pointing out that at least i will officially no longer be able to be featured on teen mom "
"protip: don't eat nachos from 7-eleven, no matter how good of an idea it might seem to you at the time "
