791f54be42399a493b12599edc5e54f1
you know when your night was awesome when you spend the entire next day sleeping and puking! new years resolution   less shots  smile 
planning a vaca in june! huzzah!
gotta look up and walk forward  bravery is all that's left 
wow my job fuckin blows  
joyous  we get to clean at work and i still need to clean my house  
gobble liek a turkey!
yikes   luncheon with the higher ups   manditory  cry
i need a break
another day of doing things that are not in my job description   joyous! someone get the <propfemale>!
gobble liek a turkey! huzzah!
omgggg <propfemale> tired    migrane   and end of my minii vaca   sigh
army of two 40th day    hurray
ooo tornado warnings! sexeh!
happy mothers day!
i ish a professional turkey!
needs to slap a feathery turkey!
bachelor bachorlette party!
busy next couple of weeks   hopefully then it will calm down
anyone going the the icp concert thursday?
happy days tour tommorrow  laugh 
icp concert tonight! whoop whoop!
last night   was awesome! still stink of faygo though
loong day tommorrow   i can already see it  annoyed 
3 more days til my vaca in <propfemale>
bedtime =[  but last day of work til next monday!! i'mma miss mah babeh and <propfirst> and and sawah lolol
i leave tommorrow!
i miss mah babeh
party night! whoop whoop!
time to go home to my baby
well fuck me! my flight has been delayed twice now! one more delay and i will need to rebook my entire flight!
omg they better find my luggage soon or i will have nothing to wear to work
curious what really meant something and what was just a waste of time
its too nice outside to work!
i'm tired  don't want to get out of bed  i wanna go nuh nights!
ugh long day thought it would never end!
i want a fucking timer! anyone see that movie?
last one standing  damn you <propfemale> i could have gone home early lol
omg glued to me2
another night of 4 hrs of sleep   ugh maybe its time to go to the doctor
so i beat mass effect 2   and <propmale> is gonna be busy with work so it's my last night with him until satruday =[   messed up how we live together and i wont see the fucke!
"\work it harder make it better do it faster makes us stronger\"""""
working security at the foreigner stixxx concert   huzzah for guarding fireworks display   sigh
hair appointment today doctors appointment tommorrow   fuckers better figure out a way to sleep! got 2 hours last night  laaaammmme 
omg   first night of good sleep! i'm hyper too! woot! yay doctor and yay for good pills!
i broke my wisdom tooth =[
back to work tommorrow and housesitting for the next week
omg i'm a zombie today   party friday!
pondering the thought about whether or not i wanna go back to school
mini vacation is over   back home now  hope i sleep oki  night one without sleeping drugs  bring it on!
took the sleeping pills  need a new bed nao!
"i swear to god my dentist is out to get me  he pulled a tooth last week, gave me two fillings today, and he wants to pull another one of my wisdom teeth!"
went baby shopping! lol   i'm not even pregnant yet
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
why am i always tired when its not bedtime? and when bedtime comes i'm wide awake?
stressed out about <propmale> leaving at the end of the month and i won't even get the <propmale> to say goodbye and work drama  for one day i'd like to work with men!
sometimes i wish anger wasnt an emotion 
hmm   what to do today   what to do  
found a place for my reception   now just gotta find the place for my wedding
one week til the a7x concert! whoop whoop!
tired as fuck   i don't want to do anything tonight but gotta clean cook and get the little ones their shots   just what i need   someone else mad at me
i got 2 tix for tonights avenged sevenfold disturbed concert i need to sell  paid 80 for both   lemme know!
a7x tonight!
"i am such a pussy  <propmale> left today for 3 days, and i cried at the airport  ugh! come home baby!"
frustrated   joy  night 
<propmale> comes home today!!!!
just put down the deposit for my reception!!
poor <propfirst> is going to kill me
this morning i heard it was illegal to move overtime hours to another week for time and a half   ex   it was a holiday week this week so we had monday off and say we did an hour of overtime this week  can we move it to next week so we can receive ot as time and a half? please answer!
dc centre is a fucking joke
so i have a new venue and i found a dress but now i just want to cry and saw screw it all  my mom disowned me because <propfirst> is in the wedding   really? fml!
halo reach   hopefully i can enjoy some today
i love how people forget to look in the mirror before making a comment  smile  stupid people shouldn't breed!
another day i wish i could be home
drinking by the fire with good friends  my kind of night 
sad face   sleeping pills are an epic fail  
so umm   fuck psu and my shitty armor and striking not for being terrible at synthesis  i quit   again 
terrified of tommorrows doctor apt  
i will know the results in 3 to 5 days   fuck my arm hurts 
"\you guys are retarded i'm going to play xbox \""  and i love how <propmale> stares at me as it was said """
omg will today end?
i'm so ready for bed   but <propmale> is still working   sad face
i'm so done for the night  cookout at moms tommorrow and the texas game 
moms house for a cookout and drinks by the fire 
i fucking hate cox communications 
<propfemale> on a stick? anyone?
we picked our song for our first dance  what nightmare will i have tonight?
surgery at 4   god save me
just got home   i hate anesthesia  i threw up all over the parking lot 
back to work tommorrow  this will be interesting 
i'm healing good thank god  bed time  go texas!
woooooooooo!!!!!!!! eat it husker fans! go texas!
fallout new vegas   amazing 
"picking out bridesmaids dresses, stoppin out at gamestop to get a new fallout disc and pling <propmale> becausse <propmale> finally came to psu!! took ya long enough!"
great news facebook! my fucking car died!
yay dentist today! gotta pull my other wisdom tooth
"last nights dream included a huge centipede, an <propfirst>, and me falling\ wtf"
pictures tommorrow and o gotta make a hair apt for it   sad face
talk about blast from the past! good old dunlup and convo that brought back memories   sigh   good times 
i get my engagement pictures back tommorrow!!
so umm   i'm uploading some of my engagement pics!!
"ok, my computer is uber slow, but i posted 13! lol   13 out of 228 pictures   yeah  f that! enjoy!"
packing to go to housesit my mommas place so i can watch <propfemale>   smile 
happy thanksgiving 
omg i'm ready to pass out but i got a million more things to do today   sad face 
"i offically had the best week ever! my sink flooded my kitchen, <propfemale> ate my netflix, i broke all my psycho wands, my mom's basement flooded, the transmission went out on my car, annnddd i spilled sweet and sour sauce in my cube at work! i am jinxed "
ugh   touch me friday!!
omg today sucks  can i crawl back into bed until its over?
omg i feel like shit
huzzah for overtime?
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
so i'm debating on throwing a new years party at my place   depends on how many people will come 
what's everyone doing for new years?
ugh i need a lawyer friend
my work is stupid  how the hell am i supposed to know if we have work? lol
22 hours of overtime in two weeks  can you tell i'm desperate? lol
wtf!!! is a mufasa!?!
omg i feel like a zombie   i want to go home and sllleeeeeep!!!!
i dun wanna work another saturday  
hoping the snow wont stop my flower shopping  
so i guess high school never ends?
i can't believe my wedding is finally coming together   picking out tuxes today and i hope the stupid dj officant calls me so i can get him out of the way too! less than 4 more months!!!
<propfemale> nut cheerios anyone?
yeah   today sucks
friday!! hopefully i can get something done!
is it 3 yet? i'm ready to go home and watch some <propmale>  
nuuu    must sleep more!!!!
got my wedding ring last night
nothing like the one day i get to relax and game and my man takes over my xbox and tv   sad face
happy <propfirst>'s day!
zomg   still trying to get all the damn addresses typed up and i feel like i'm missing a ton =[
<propfemale> just says wow  imagine that
spring cleaning huzzah
holy shit   i think i'm addicted to wow  
i want a day off       
another sleepless night full of nightmares    joy
i want more sleep   i also want dance central!
i can't take any more stress   sad face
ugh today i'm going home and passing out   come on 3 pm!
two more months!
don't forget to mail your reply cards!
3 day weekend! woot!
today is going to be a long day  hopefully xbox will keep me entertained
2 days ago it was 77 degrees and this morning i wake up to a few inches of snow on my car   fu nebraska weather!
