87620eade7598802efa4b51ebd245eaf
happy new year everyone
so here it is      i know im not perfect and i know that im not the best friend a person can have or the best daughter or sister       so im writing this to tell you all im sorry
when i get mad i say things that i dont mean things that would probably hurt yall    i say things that im feeling inside me when im not around yall when i get mad about someting you did or said and its not right of me to do that but i always thought that if i would say them away from yall that i would not say them to your face and hurt you    i thought that it was better in the long run
but <propmale> just informed me other wise    so im wrighting this to apolagize to everyone and if you dont exept it i understand     you know ive always had problems in my life   and honestly i think i create most of them just so that i have something to do in my life     i try so hard to make everyone ells happy that i havent been happy in so long and i dont know how to make myself happy    
becouse making other people happy is what makes me happy    im sorry that im such a bitch and that im so self centered that i try helplesly to please everyone and in the end i get so mad becouse i can never please everyone around me    and this is for levi     baby im sorry that i am continusly nagging at things e playful ecualy the things that i know i cant change
im sorry that i have so much stress and im sorry that i am so klingie and always want you around i know you need your space and honestly i dont know why i have been the way i have the past year    
just honestly have not been happy becouse there is so much going on inside me im struguling so hard with some things that i havent said anything about becouse i have been trying to run from it becouse i thought that running from what has been going on inside would make things <propfemale>
i didnt want to bother any one with it becouse it didnt contain to anyone ells but me  i cant go back and change the past but i can change the present and the future   
its not going happen over night but i promise you all that i am going to try to change to be a better person    and better friend   a better daughter   a better sister   and most of all a better wife to the love of my life  im sorry it took me this long to realize my mistakes  i just needed someone to show me what i was doing wrong i guess  
i just dont know what to do now   ive tryed and tryed    and just when things are going atleast ok they get 100 times worse in no time    all i want is him to be here   im sorry for everything! im just going to go away now!
going out to chill with my 2 besties <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!
tired and missing the love of my life    sick and sore   i feel live im dying   !!
it is so hard to deal with   on so many levels   but with hope i can make it through all of this   
i hate being sick   i cant do this   going to go isolate myself   and think   wish he would just come home!
so fuckin happy   honestly cant belive this is true    i love you baby   plz   dont hurt me again!!
rnzxuicih jhuvghfjucccccccchjjbnxc by faith
i am so tired of being sick   but finaly back at school and almost done  im so exited  lol  i love you <propmale>!
life is wonderfull    and boring lol goodnight everyone
oh so tired   and fixing to go watch the hubby play assassins creed   and then go to bed for the evening!! have fun and goodnight    !!! much love
"i am so tired of the water getting turned off in this house you go to clean, or take a shower and its off   what a surprise   augh im tired of it and its pissin me off"
i am so tired but i slept so good last night i dont understand   oh well suposed to be going window shoping for my prom dress today with one of my best friends   yay   !!
happy st  pattys day everyone!
so last night the twiztid consert was totaly amazy had so much fun with my friends and <propmale>   but im so sore    and saturday was amazing to went with the besties and <propmale> to the mideval fair   what an amazing weekend  !!!
happy easter everyone! love yall hope everyone has a wonderfull day!
and my car is fixed   yay
wishing on a <propfemale> but i dont think its working!
tired and have alot on my mind!
i dont understand i feel so alone and so ugggh   i dont even know nor do i understand the feelings   and i dont understand how you can be around someone so much and still not actualy spend time with them   its like im standing in an empty room with everyone looking at me and laughing   well usualy the room is full and everyone is laughing directly at how fucking stupid i am!!
happy mothers day    love you guys    see you all tomorrow!!!!
i havent been on in a while but graduation was friday and it was amazing   so its offically over   !!
to all who play friends revealed please dont take anything personal i answered no to all questions becouse i needed creadits to check a question that i realy wanted to know!
thank you everyone!!   love yall!!
leavin for ohio in 15 days   !!
so only 4 days left in oklahoma before i take off to ohio for 3 months    happy    and sad =}{=         i love you sweetie im going to miss you like crazy!
so almost time for me to leave everyone that spent time with me thanks it shows that you really care about me and anyone that didn't get to im sorry and those who just refused to oh well your loss not mine see yall in three months!
my first officaly spent my first full day in ohio im having fun and its nice to see my family    already missin my <propfemale> and friends   ill see everyone soon and in the mean time i will be workin out and havin fun love you all
im so tired of caring all it does is piss people off   well im sorry and i guess you will understand why you dont hear from me the next few days!
enjoying myself   extreamly tired and have a stummy ake   hopeing to start at the gym tomarrow    well i have to get some sleep love you babe i hope you get to feeling better soon   
i finaly have some of mine and ericas senior pics up check them out let me know what you think
so tired lol   having a blast!!
i am having so much fun    but its been so stressfull trying to figure out if i need to come home early or not becouse part of me wants to go back just becouse thats my home and that i need to be there to take care of my bills and things i shouldnt leave someone ells compleatly in charge of my responabilitys    
how is everyone doing?
so excited   lol   i start at the gym tomarrow yay!!!!
truly in love and miss him more than ever     kinda home sick missin my friends    tired but cant sleep   and oh for those of you that know me and know i dont read well i just finished breaking <propfemale> today and loved it and it only took me 2 and a half days lol
i love being loved by you!
i dont understand ive been tired since i got home from the gym but i just cant sleep! i have so much on my mind i dont know where it starts and where it end and im so tired of it    im ready to have my life on track again but i have a feeling that it wont be so easy this time   i realy should have waited atleast till next summer to come to ohio
i love being home with my family   but im home sick and miss my <propfemale> and my friends   only 5 weeks and 6 days till im home with then again so i will enjoy myself with the time i have left   !!!    ( feeling loved and happy)
i seriously dont understand how someone can have little to no respect for anything or anyone   but want so much from others   this is retarted and i cant say anything or do anything without pissing everyone off     but at this poit im so fuckin tired of it i dont realy care   !!!
had a great time at the family reunion saturday    going to the fair sometime this week    16 days till the kids go back to school   after they go back only three weeks till im home with my <propfemale> and friends! (having a blast)   hope everyone is having as good of a summer as i am! *loved*
had so much fun yesterday  we went to the fair    today we have the boys football scrimmage    long days but im glad we are getting out of the house!
"ha, <propfemale> was hackeddd ! next time sign out !  smile  i love youu ! by:morgann !"
just sat up mom and dad on facebook   lol
so my neighbors house cought fire while i was in the shower and had to run out the house in a hurry cuz our houses are so close togethere here my mom was scared that it was going to catch ours on fire    cortney had her first scrimmage today and we had to have someone take her and we had to miss it becouse we were blocked in by the fire trucks    yah what a wonderful day   !!!!  uggghhh
so i had an amazing day at the lake with the family   ahhh   so much fun lol    thanks everyone   it was realy great to spend time with yall   and i hope we can do it again before i go back   !!!  smile 
realy just want to let everything out but i cant    ahhh    what a day what a day    with he was done eating so that maybe i could let atleast part of it out    this may be the end of me as everyone knows me!!!!!!!!!            
does any one in ohio know where to get fitted for a dress?
does life ever realy change?   do people ever realy change?    sometimes i wonder and im beging to think that its not life or the people around us changing    its all in our heads  we want people to change and we want life to change so bad for our own reasons that we start to think it has changed when it hasent  with a few minor diforences people are the same as they were in the 19 hundreds and so is life 
"so if anyone in oklahoma is looking for a washer, dryer or refrigerator message me and ill give you details!"
<propfirst> was here  smile 
happy birthday alysha    !!   from <propfirst>  smile 
sorry guys if anyone has tried to get a hold of my by my cell its not on right now   sorry again if you need me message me and ill give you a number to get a hold of me or ill call you!!   love yall!!
"warning!!!!!!!!!!!   the group asking everyone to change there profile picture to a cartoon charactor is actually a group of paedophiles they doing it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture it has nothing to do with supporting child violance,it was on a tv show that warns you about    internet frauds plus tonights news pass this on to everyone pleasesee more"
"1121-i love that your always there for me no matter what  your a wonderful person and an amazing friend  \\     p s  \      wish i could see you more offten too  !!  smile -"
end me a random number to my inbox and i will tell you what i think about you  wink 
if you need to get ahold of me just message me on fb my cell if off and im not posting the number on here sorry guys 
211-your a really great friend and one of the only people i can just sit down and talk to  you always have me laughing when i'm around you   btw we need to get together sometime
11-i love you sweetie and not just because your family  your fun to be around  i miss you but see you at christmas!!!
"my beautiful baby niece is here   7 pounds 14 oz, 21 inches long   yay!!"
so we got the apartment   im super excited we will move in on the 8th yay   
"so i'm super excited to move into my new place only a week left   yeah   but i feel overwhelmed!!! i love my family and friends i don't know what to do with out you all's love and support  even though i'm not always the best in either department, for that i'm sorry  i hope that in the near future i will be on my feet a little better and be able to come out more ofter and not just for a few hours hear and there "
