01d55742572018e69ae0c116b5477bdc
?? ??? ????? ????   ??? ??? ?????? ??   ??????????   feliz año nuevo   buon anno   frohes neues jar   bonne annèe   happy new years 2010!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"had an awesome new years at <propfemale> salcedo (aka my sister) house!!!  laugh  got to spend time over there with her and my nephews, as well as my cuz chyna asiansensation alvarez! chyna also fixed up my hair last night and i just wanna thank her so much for it! i also wanna thank my sister for having me over! i hope to see you guys again sometime this month and i can't wait to go to church tomorrow!"
"i cannot fucking wait until october!!!!!!!!! my gf will be here, and we'll be going to youmacon at the hyatt during halloween weekend!!!!!  laugh "
"packing my bags and heading for ohio in the morning! we're staying a couple nights at the kalahari resort ^^ i'm going along with my mom, <propfemale> (niece), <propfirst> (nephew), my aunt <propfirst>, my grandma <propfirst> pardo, and my cousins <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and myren  it's going to be a blast! :'d"
"well, i would've wrote about it sooner but we got back from our vacation friday, thanks to the dumbasses in charge of my mom's short term disability  we couldn't even fucking enjoy our vacation because they screwed her over on her check  indecision  damn fuck heads "
"praying that she'll get the job at mcdonalds  the interview was yesterday and i thought i just about bombed it! x_x;;; when it came to talking about myself, i totally went blank! agh!!! @_@;;;;;;"
"i'm very thankful my mom is going back to work because she has been driving me up a damn wall!!!!!!! seriously, this woman drives me nuts @_@;;;; i just need to work on getting a job or just graduating and then getting one and then make plans to move >w>;;;"
"damn, my feet hurt so bad! x_x my mom and i went shopping at target *and* kroger with all the coupons she printed off  i think we bought *way* too much though 'cause the back end of the car scraped when we pulled out of kroger, and it doesn't usually do that!  laugh "
"i'm really anxious about youmacon coming up! to think, it'll be here in almost a month! and my gf will be here in less than a month  laugh  i cannot wait until the convention is here! so many otaku to associate with @w@"
tired as hell! i need to stop staying up late and getting very little sleep x_x;;; gonna take my mom to physical therapy in a bit 
trying not to get too worried about all these sudden slight anxiety attacks happening  it might just be nerves but it's happening too often! i can't even enjoy a whole week! argh! > sad 
"today is the day i start my diet! gotta do whatever i can to get down to a healthier weight  smile  also got a dentist appointment today for fillings, agh!"
"in a pretty shitty mood  things aren't going according to plan for youmacon  my girlfriend is left without a costume and because of this she refuses to go to youmacon, no matter how much i try to talk her into it  i don't know what to do now  crying "
"still feeling like absolute shit! i still don't feel any better about all the drama that ensued last night with my gf  i was hurtin' like no tomorrow deep within my soul  crying  gawd i can't wait until 10 24, halloween party & booze   nice  (and no, i'm not an alchoholic  ^^ wink "
holy shit!!!!!!!! i got my cosplay today!!!!!!!!!! this made me so happy  smile  the only thing is that if my gf doesn't get a <propmale> to get one then i won't be cosplaying at youmacon  she granted me that one condition and i accepted it  because i *really* wanted her to go to youmacon with me :')
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my laptop is totally fucked up!!!!!!!!!!! it won't even start up right and i don't have the system recovery disk for it ;3; gotta take it back to rac 
"can't wait, i'm so excited! my girl is supposed to get here on wednesday  i'm gonna surprise her and pick her up from the greyhound station  laugh "
omg i'm back!  laugh 
"i miss my girlfriend  sad  i probably won't be seeing her until february or sometime in summer, depending on if i'll be able to go to naka-kon or not  i cried when she had to leave on tuesday  crying "
super nervous about a driver's test i'm about to have in a couple hours  it's at 2 smile 0 and i'm really nervous! d: i might pass   or fail!!!!!!!!! ;w;
omg i passed my road test!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @_______@;;;
trying to figure out what to make for my friends on deviantart  might make a huge picture or little sketch requests   not sure  love 
"tryin' to figure out what to get my bro for his birthday  he didn't really drop any hints on what to get him  maybe we should get him a gamestop gift card    oh well, he's gonna be 29 on monday!  laugh "
i hate it when my dad acts like a big fucking asshole  he never has anything nice to say and when you say something to him he gets a fucking attitude  i'm just really sick and tired of this shit right now  annoyed 
after two years of waiting   i finally got my wii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now i'm playing my one and only wii game non-stop: super <propfirst> galaxy! i need more games  laugh ;;;
my bro let me borrow ssbb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now i just need to practice more because i suck at playing against other people online  laugh 
"had a dream last night about <propfemale> salcedo and chyna asiansensation alvarez  kinda weird because they were at my old elementary school (i think my sis was working there, i dunno) and we chatted for a while and stuff  i can't remember more because it's all still hazy  laugh  maybe its a sign to <propfemale> out with 'em or something  i dunno  laugh  i love them both though!  smile "
needs a hair cut   badly d:
"got a bit of a headache right now x x;;;; gonna go and play some more brawl  i just unlocked falco, snake and lucario!!!!!!!!!!!!! i gotta play more now!!!  laugh "
"i can't wait!!! my birthday is in just a couple of days!!! i'm so excited! i'm not sure what i'm doing on my birthday, but for it i know we're supposed to go out to chili's!!!  laugh "
"going out to eat with my mom, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!!!  smile  we're going to <propmale> village for dinner, and i hope we all have a nice family dinner together!  laugh "
today is my birthday!!!!!!!! happy birthday to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  i'm surprised at how many people are saying happy birthday to me today  it wasn't like this last year at all  surprise  i'm just so happy now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love   love   love 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
getting tired of hearing my mom constantly bitch at me about everything! i need a damn vacation >>;;;
just got dominos delivered to my house! my last day to enjoy good food that's bad for me  laugh  decided to stay home and chill while i talk to my girl for the new year  i hope you all have an awesome new years <propfemale>!  laugh 
i can't wait to see the ball drop 2 more minutes!  laugh 
happy new year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
happy new year! gonna start off the year by eating healthier and no pop  smile  can't wait until i start seeing results!  love 
trying to stick to my nyr's are going to be a little tough  but i want to make it through! i hope to lose a lot of weight this year!  laugh 
"whew, i almost ended up burning off all of my breakfast  laugh  going to keep making healthy choices today!  smile "
liquid plumr needs to gimme my money back  their product did not work at all! > sad 
did my exercises today!  laugh  felt so good!  smile  i'm keeping track of my nyr's on some site and getting back on track to get healthy!
"watching ghi with my mom  dad is watching too, but he's just criticizing the show -_-;;;"
about to exercise right now  but first i gotta take out the trash and grab the mail  and i should be going to bed on time tonight because i only got maybe 2 1 2 hours of sleep today x_x;;;
"had a wonderful day at church!!!! i went with <propfemale> salcedo, my nephews, chyna asiansensation alvarez and <propfirst>  laugh  i definitely heard what i needed to hear today  it was about trials and tribulations  we're not really being punished, we just have obstacles in our way  and i finally understand now, i see everything in a new light now  smile "
i ran over a noodle at the dinner table because that's how i roll   laugh 
addicted to maplestory!!!!!!!!! i can't stop playing it! it makes me want to abandon all the facebook apps! lol!
has been feeling like crap for the past couple of days!!!! i'm more than likely sick  sad  runny nose and a sore throat  i don't know what's next  and i don't know if i'll be able to go to church tomorrow ;w;
"had an awesome day at church!!! even if i was sick, i managed to have a good time!  smile  i hope to be more lively next sunday  can't wait to see my sis, chyna, <propfirst>, and the boys again!  smile "
i strongly dislike it when people get mad at me for stupid reasons  and i also *strongly* dislike it when people tell me i should act a certain way just because they know i go to church!!! i am who i am!!!
"been crying for probably half the day today  two of my favorite characters from death note, <propmale> & mello, died today  crying  today was their death date and it made me cry so much knowing that  i was dreaded the day that they would die  call me weird if you want, i always cry when my favorite fictional characters die x'd"
"is tired of not having a damn job! seriously, i've been looking for about 2-3 years already and nobody is hiring > sad  it's pretty depressing, honestly ;_;"
"so wants to get an ipad right now d: it looks awesome, even if people make fun of it  maxi ipad  laugh  then again, i made fun of it like that too!!!  laugh  i still want one  surprise "
"ugh, the smell of dog food makes me want to barf right now d:"
finally found my wallet   it was by the computer buried under stuff   oi =w=;;;
"had a pretty good day today  wasn't horribly bad, kinda good  smile  i just hope tomorrow is even better!  joyful "
i want to go see the wizard of oz at the fisher theater  crying 
"i really need to quit watching \1000 ways to die\""  surprise ;;;"""
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
"ugh, the vision in my left eye is kinda worse now that i've been neglecting wearing my glasses o_<;;; i'll have to get stronger glasses when i get a <propmale> >>;;"
ugh   feel sick to my stomach x_x;;; maybe i ate something something bad ><;;;
just got done watching zombieland and the hangover with <propfemale> salcedo and chyna asiansensation alvarez   totally awesome movies  laugh 
"oww, oww, oww, my skull is on fire x_x;;;;;;"
omg   too much snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! x_x;;;;
oh yeah!!!! back on track with my weightloss today! i feel very motivated and pumped right now!!!! >w<
"i wish my head would quit burning so much  i haven't been on the net almost all day and it still acts up! ><;;; well, i'm gonna pray on it, though  crying "
"i hate the snow because i *always* have to fucking shovel it!!!!! and do people thank me, no! they bitch if i don't fucking shovel out their parking spot or if i don't brush the damn snow off the car fast enough for them to get to work! no appreciation whatsoever! ><;;;;;; can't you just tell i had a bad morning start?  annoyed "
going out to shovel the snow again  i swear michigan is a pain in the ass to live in  annoyed  i wish i could just go out sledding with people ;w;
"omg i feel like i've been beaten with a shovel x_x;;; my back hurts, my legs hurt, just hurtin' all over @_@;;; no more shoveling for me ><;;;"
i hate it when i feel like crying for no apparent reason  _ ;;;
bored 'cause i dunno what to do x_x; i might draw   but my mama wants to watch a movie  *sigh* off to watch a movie :  
no movie tonight!  surprise  mom's head was hurtin' and she's not feeling too good so she's off to bed  the only ones awake with me are my dogs!  laugh 
been sick to my stomach all of last night and this morning  i think i might hate buffets now x_x;;;; totally not worth feeling like crap ><;;;
feeling so miserable right now  been feeling emotional for a few days and now i just broke down completely  i hate being depressed t_t
cleaning <propfemale> salcedo's place! i wanted to wait til noon so i wouldn't make other people in the building mad with a vacuum that sounds like a siren  surprise ;;;;
i sucks that those you love the most can end up hurting you the most  crying 
having allergies sucks  laugh 
going to sleep finally! night ya'll!  wink 
exercising!!!!  smile 
"oh boy, what a night day x_x;;; there was a fire about 1-2am last night  only a few houses away from ours  now i'm a bit freaked out and just about afraid to leave the house now because i'm afraid that we'll have to go through this fire bullshit again  i'm praying extra hard that nothing happens  because it's been just about 6 years since the fire, and i do not want to go through more pain from it again  crying "
watchin' some shaytards on youtube  playful 
doing last minute cleaning this morning! the house is looking lovely *w*
"happy st  <propfirst>'s day, guys! i hope you're all not getting too wasted now  gonna have me some drinks later  wink "
"had a few drinks tonight, and not feeling anything  why can't i feel drunk yet?  laugh  and i'm also obsessed with <propfemale> <propfirst>'s \waking up in vegas\"" song @_@"""
"cooking corned beef, cabbage, potatoes & carrots  this should've been done yesterday but some people forgot to take the corned beef out the freezer > sad  also today is a dreadful reminder, i'll have to read my bible for comfort "
reading to take my mind of my anxiety right now  grrr   i hate slight attacks sneaking up on me  sad 
son of a biscuit eating bulldog!!!! i can't find my wallet!!!!!! t_t
"   nevermind, i found my wallet  laugh "
"has anyone ever been hit with a realization that they have a family that loves them so much? 'cause i've been hit with that just now  looking through pictures, talking on the phone with my brother, and looking at the drawing i did for <propmale> pretty much influenced that feeling  god, i love my siblings so much, and i love my nieces and nephews just as much too! ;w;"
why is it so cold in the house?! my hot cocoa is cold again ;w;
going to sleep! night fb!  smile 
"cleaning, cleaning, cleaning, cleaning, cleaning, and cleaning  and did i mention cleaning?  laugh "
yes!!!! i got the internet back!  laugh 
"i'm not trying to complain, but it feels like everybody is mad at me today tonight  if i've upset you, i'm sorry, i'm not perfect  i admit i can royally fuck up things, but i can't help it  i'm a human being  sad  so i'm just gonna sleep on it tonight  i had a fucked day yesterday, and i wanted a good day today  guess my good day will be tomorrow  sad "
"been playing \robot unicorn attack\"" for 3 days  it never gets old for me @_@"""
i hate it when my mom rags on me to get a job  i fill out job apps all the fucking time and it's still not good enough  not sure if this counts as a fml moment or not u_u;;;
omg deviantart is so epic today  laugh dddddd
tired as hell u u;;;;; gonna head to bed since i had less than an hour of sleep at least  laugh  so good day everyone  laugh 
i got a paper cut! ;w;
over at my aunt <propfirst>'s house for easter  haven't seen my cousins in a long time @_@
changed my email address because of stupid spammers using my email to send messages!  sad  making a new one right now!
"had a nice day so far, and now things just kinda went downhill  i just feel so down right now   "
la la la i'm bored and sleepy  not to mention my face hurts  sad 
"cleaning, cleaning, cleaning! then i gotta exercise and take a bath before my mom gets home  we're going out to eat tonight  laugh "
had a good night tonight hangin' with my mom  laugh  now i'm off to sleep off the alcohol in my system  night facebook peeps!  smile 
i feel so fucking hurt and betrayed right now  i don't even know if i can think straight or look at the person i'm mad at without wanting to hit them!
"whew! i'm so glad i don't have to do any taxes, though it makes me feel kinda crappy for not having a job  sad  just put my dads w-2 in on turbo tax and that refund crashed fast! my heart sank and it's not even my taxes!  laugh "
"i've decided to pick up on a new hobby yesterday! but the only thing is that i gotta learn how to hand-sew first, lol   "
"yeah, the new hobby project i said i was going to do, but i gotta learn how to sew first? i'm going to be making plushies!  smile "
ha ha~ <propfirst> buckley is awesome  smile 
"i'm sick of trying to make people happy just to fit in  if you don't like the things that i do, the things i say, the family i have, and the things i love to do then you can just fuck off! i know who my true friends are "
"just ordered some stuff from a craft store online for my plushies and such  won't have everything i'll need to get started, but i am stocking up on supplies  smile "
why do i always have to be so impatient when it comes to ordering stuff online and wanting it right away the next day?  laugh  maybe i should do sewing e playful eriments or something to keep my mind occupied   
i fucking hate it when someone blames you for some shit you didnt even do  thats what i'm dealing with now  annoyed 
"despite a few bad things, today was an awesome day! we had a small party for my niece, <propfemale>, today at <propmale> e cheese's  laugh  i'll upload some pics & vids tomorrow  but we're going back saturday and i hope <propfemale> salcedo will be able to come with the boys! and i got my package today! yeah!!!"
here i am trying to go to sleep early and after 1 1 2 hours i can't sleep  annoyed 
still not asleep x_x if i can't sleep then i'll just sew   
i got the worst sleep ever today x_x;;;;; i think i finally got to sleep at 9 smile 0 this morning and woke up at 1pm   and it's 1 smile 8 now x_x;;;;;;
"i cleaned the whole house from 2pm all the way to now, 5:14pm x_x;;;;; it was rough, but i got it all done  now i can get paid @_@;;;;"
"had another sleepless night, but now i'm at <propmale> e cheese's with my nieces and nephew  just waitin for my sis and the boys  smile "
http annoyed  twitpic com 1i4n2q -
"at my bro's house   and wondering when we're going home so i can attempt to sleep @_@;;;; well, i'm going to take half a sleeping pill so hopefully that'll knock me out  laugh "
going to sleep!!! i pray it'll be more than 3 hours!
missed 3 weeks of church this month  i fail  indecision 
i?ladygaga i?ladygaga i?ladygaga i?ladygaga i?ladygaga i?ladygaga i?ladygaga 'cause it's true!  wink 
i?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygagai?ladygaga
been feeling sick to my stomach all day  crying  and also i had a dream that i jumped out of a building  surprise  suicide? i don't know  but i might've been playing fire escape too much on the htf site  laugh ;
just had a dream that i was robbing a bank with my friend <propmale> and a bunch of celebs  surprise  really weird if you ask me  laugh 
tired as hell! gonna sleep now  wink 
"if there was som random piece of clothing or fabric of some type that looked like it fell out of a tree or was just dirty and was on your car, would you touch it with bare hands? i just dealt with that now and my mom thinks i was being a baby about it  indecision "
i have a massive headache x_x;;;
"i'm so bored and irritated  sad  gonna play some \fire escape\"" on the htf site so i can enjoy saving and letting victims splat  laugh ;;;"""
i got to check my weight today since my mom had to go to the docs  i lost 8 pounds!  laugh 
why does my face hurt?! x_x;;;;;;;;;;;;
"don't want to freak myself out or anything, so i need to be calm  but i've had a tight feeling in my throat all day yesterday and it seems worse-like  sad  i hope i don't die tonight  crying "
"feeling semi okay today  still have the choking feeling, though  sad "
"at <propmale>'s cafe with my mom, aunt <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  havin' a good night  smile "
gawd my mom is wasted -_-
gettin' ready to go out again tonight  gonna be heading to armandos so we can eat and drink all night  laugh  i just pray it won't be last nights disaster -_-;;;
at armandos with my mom and aunt <propfemale>  drinkin' strawberry margaritas!  laugh 
for the first time after drinking i puked  it wasn't very good  sad 
it's hot in the damn house! x_x;;;
completed her food and exercise diary for 05 02 2010 and was under her calorie goal #myfitnesspal
"brawl all night, sleep all day  i like the sound of it  but it's not my exact plans for the night  i was depressed today so i'm working on a drawing as well as listening to \dreams\"" by <propfirst> halen  i'll have the pic up soon  smile """
"watching old wrestling matches from the attitude <propfemale> on youtube  i miss the good old days  stone cold was always the best!  love  btw   watching the rock vs  stone cold, wrestlemania 17  smile "
completed her food and exercise diary for 05 04 2010 and was under her calorie goal #myfitnesspal
i honestly thought my mom would be happy that i told her that i had a job opportunity waiting for me once i've volunteered and shit  but i guess it's not enough  i have to stay home and work some place close to hom instead of fucking going out into the world  i'm sick and tired of her mentioning family dollar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm very upset at the moment  crying 
completed her food and exercise diary for 05 05 2010 and was under her calorie goal #myfitnesspal
going to sleep  only had 2hrs sleep  good night tweeters and fb friends  smile 
gonna go see madea's big happy family at the fox theatre detroit! it's gonna be hilarious!  laugh 
completed her food and exercise diary for 05 06 2010 and was under her calorie goal #myfitnesspal
"where did daddy go? last time i saw him was tuesday night, since i slept almost all day wednesday  he's not home and i'm worried  i hope he's okay, even if he does make me mad at time  crying "
daddy's fine! he just got home about a half hour ago  i don't want to e playful lain the whole situation that happened  we're keeping it to ourselves ^^;
"i can't wait until mother's day  my mom and i are gonna go to church, then go eat afterwards, and i don't know what else after that!  smile "
out at sams club right now  grabbin' a bite to eat before we shop x_x
bought my mom a beautiful card and some roses  her reaction - totally worth more than anything in the world :')
had an excellent day at church today! my mom enjoyed herself this morning and i'm so glad  i can't wait until my baptism!
argh! why can't youmacon get here faster?!  crying 
not feelin' too good tonight  sick to my stomach  hopefully sleep will help  sad  night ya'll 
"if i said i was moving to reno, nv what would you think?"
finally going to sleep! i gotta quit goig to bed do late x_x
just found out we might take a family vacation to <propmale> city! sounds amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! @______@
gah! gotta get to bed early! > sad  long story and i don't feel like e playful laining  i'm really hoping for the summer family vacation to <propmale> city! *crosses fingers*
it sucks when you get a second opinion from a friend about something and then shit hits the fucking fan when you go with what they said  indecision 
feeling so much friggin' better right now! very relieved  i'm not sick anymore  laugh 
i'm gonna try my damn hardest to not let the little shit bother me  i'm tired of people trying to bring me down  fuck all yall haters!!!!!!  laugh 
"let me correct myself on what i said in my tweet  i have pharyngitis, and it sucks!  indecision  thankfully i got some cough drops, vapor rub, and some tea i can't spell the name of help me out  as well as soup and soda crackers  laugh "
"still feeling like ultimate crap and i fail at spelling and typing! yaaaaay!  laugh  gonna get off here and watch tv while eating soup and drinking tea  and i nearly typed \dreanking\""  laugh """
"i'm still having trouble with my bowels -_-;;;; might have internal hemorrhoids or something  trying not to worry about it, since i'm now writing a daily journal to calm myself down  i just kinda wish this bullshit would pass so i can go normally  annoyed "
my one tooth that was already in half cracked in half after eating cold pizza  indecision  this shit sucks   
"been starting to feel a lot better lately  my throat is still kinda bothering me, but other than that i'm fine! writing a daily journal has been helping me greatly! i should have started this journal thing sooner!  smile "
barely got sleep and feel like shit  gonna catch the rest of my z's now!  smile 
"argh, burned my fucking finger on the damn <propfirst> foreman grill ><;;;; though i soaked it in cool water and banaged it, it hurts like a bitch still x_x;;;;"
"i wish i could see hawthorne heights on june 2nd, but i doubt i'd be able to go see them ;_;"
"i hate feeling ultra shitty!!!!!!! really panicky right now, but i'm talking to a few friends right now, which is making feel a bit better, as well as crying  i just want to overpower my anxiety  crying "
"argh, having tooth trouble  sensitive teeth on the upper right side, fucked up tooth on the lower left side  not a fun e playful erience while trying to eat  crying "
can't wait until tomorrow! going to a bbq at my uncle <propmale>'s house  laugh  can't wait to see family there  smile 
i hate having difficulty breathing!!!!!! my chest keeps acting up and my breathing feels weird  i hate having these fucking problems <<;;;;;;
"argh, i hate it when i can't sleep  crying "
"somewhat frustrating day today  sad  got yelled at for something i didn't do, but all is good even if there wasn't an apology  smile  going to take my frustrations out on dishes and doing laundry and exercising! and maybe even drawing :'d"
had a good workout on the treadmill!  smile  gonna go at it again later once i get all my laundry together  my room is a wreck  laugh 
"going to be baptized tomorrow  laugh  but now i'm home alone since the folks wanted to go out and my closest friend is away somewhere else for the weekend  sigh, being lonely stinks  sad "
will hopefully be able to make it to church! unless the stupid streets by my house are too flooded! argh! > sad 
"didn't write sooner, but i ended up getting baptized  it was a very nervous and mostly emotional moment for me in my entire life  i don't think i've ever made a huge commitment like this  surprise  after baptism i felt so pure and cleansed, that made me want to cry even more, but from happiness :')"
"is it strange that i love watching vlogs of an awesome family (shaytards) on youtube, stalk the ustream for there to be a live recording tonight, and frantically grabbing my phone to see if the twitter updates i get are from <propfemale> <propfirst>? i don't believe so  smile "
"anxiously waiting on ustream for <propfemale> to go live from the hospital  it'll still be a few hours before anything happens  still, so damn excited that the baby is finally going to be coming!  laugh "
has anyone ever had a really bad dream and they woke up right away from it and then go back to sleep and the dream almost kinda repeats itself?! i just went through that this morning > sad  my dreams are getting worse lately   
ha ha ha~ having an awesome convo with nneka <propfemale> burns about random stuff  laugh 
"cooking up some brunch for my mom and i! hashbrowns, bacon and eggs! yum!  laugh "
"can't read my, can't read my, no you can't read my pervy face!    oh wait, yeah you can d:"
working on an awesome drawing thanks to an awesome movie from my childhood!  laugh 
"still working on a drawing that is taking forever!!!! which honestly i think it's a good change of pace, rather than me working on it for less than an hour and it comes out like crap  hurrah for taking my time!  laugh "
going to play some wii sports! boxing is my ultimate favorite!  laugh 
"wishes she could go to <propmale> & <propmale>'s friday bitches ball with  pms &  switchfoot!  sad  but i don't have a ride to go, argh!!!!"
hangin' out with the fam right now  good times are happening  smile 
going to seee toy story 3 in a few hours!!!! i can't wait to see this movie in 3d!  smile 
just joined zoo world and i need some zoomates  laugh 
"wished my dad a happy father's day and i hope to go out and visit my grandpa's grave later on so my mom and i can wish him a happy father's day too  oh boy, i miss that great man  crying "
: screwing things up since 1988 <_<;;;
just did badge registration for youmacon 2010 (next halloween!) !!!! i can't wait!  laugh 
"blah, all we did today was grocery shopping  i was looking for something a bit more exciting  annoyed  oh well, next month i'll be starting a raw food diet for 20-30 days, so wish me luck!  laugh "
is praying that a good friend of hers will get the job opportunity he's been waiting so long for! i wish him luck!  laugh 
it's freezing!!!!!!!!!!! oh wait! *turns off a c*    that's better  laugh 
getting ready to go out with family today! we're gonna have fun at livonia spree!!!!  laugh 
didn't get to go to livonia spree due to the weather  sad  but at least i got to <propfemale> out with my family for lunch at <propfemale> corral!  laugh 
"aiming to win a macbook pro with sobe lifewater's \heads or tails\"" contest! i gotta buy more sobe!  laugh """
working on <propmale> requests trades for friends on deviantart! it's about time i got st<propmale>ed on them  laugh 
"saw two cute <propfemale> little spiders on my laptop earlier  wondered where they came from and i looked up   and saw like an infestation of <propfemale> spiders! x_x;;;;; so, as much as i didn't want to, i had to vacuum all those little spiders up along with cobwebs in the corners  i have no idea where they came from, or where the sac of eggs they came from were @_@;;;"
ugh!!!!!!!!!!! i found more baby spiders on my ceiling even after i vacuumed them up this morning!!!!! i can't even relax in my own damn room  crying 
i need more zoo-mates!  smile 
"sigh   i wish the people that owed me money would give me the money instead of putting it off  i mean, i know the economy is bad and all, but i need money too  i've tried getting a job and of course i don't get shit  feeling like a sack of crap at the moment and going to drown my sorrow into cleaning   "
"omg!!! i cannot wait until next year!!!! anime e playful o® 2011, here i come!!!!!!!!!! i am going to find things to do that will get me money and i will be there next year for sure!!!!!"
just bought my pass for anime e playful o® 2011!!!! i can't wait for next year!!!!!
"working on a secret project!!!!! can't tell anyone, especially the person i'm making the \surprise\"" for >w>;;;;    in otherwords i'll eventually talk about it  laugh ;"""
ugh!!! this heat sucks!!!!!  troubled ;;;
"okay   wth weather   first you're hot and humid as hell   and now you rain?! ugh!!! don't affect my a c is all i can say, it can still be hot in my room <_<;;;"
"ugh, i hate acid reflux  troubled ;;;"
"ha ha~ i love keeping people in suspense  i got a friend who is dying to know what our \secret cosplays\"" for ax next year will be  and i've got a secret project i'm working on for another friend that i'll give to them once i go to ax next year!  laugh  plus they have no idea i'm working on something for them  laugh """
"argh, i've got a kink in my neck >_o total pain in the rear if you ask me -_-;;;"
not feeling too good tonight  got a fever of 99 4 and feeling rather shitty  i hope i'll get better and that it's not anything worse  sad 
"ugh, why is tonight so hot in the damn house? d:< going to my room to chill out, so i don't have my temp going up again <_<;;; so goodnight fb friends and fam!  laugh "
omg i might have an interview today asldkfjaslkdfjwsodfjwoifjwlkefjjslkdfj!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
finding out that i lost 9 pounds today was awesome!!!! i hope my weight loss continues!  laugh 
"back home from the drug test  i got out surprisingly fast! i thought i'd be there for hours, but i wasn't  smile  it just took forever getting home because of construction crap going on and i nearly got lost, but i didn't!!!!!! thank you god!  laugh "
"i dunno what's been wrong with me today  barely want to eat anything, my mouth was very dry even though i'd be drinking water, and i have an odd pain in my chest  and it can't be diabetes 'cause my blood sugar would be out of control, which it wasn't since it was 96  sigh, just gotta keep getting my weight down i guess :<"
watching '<propfemale> hills ninja' with my mom  frickin' hilarious!!!  laugh 
"still struggling with throat problems, but thank god it wasn't as bad as last night! i honestly thought i would be dead, but i wasn't :')"
wishes she had someone to <propfemale> out with because staying home all the time isn't doing much good  if i had something to do on a daily basis i don't think i'd have half the problems i got right now - -;;;
argh!!!! i'm tired of my dry mouth throat!!!! it's pissing me off! > sad 
"got to <propfemale> out with my best friend <propmale> moyer!!!!! he was really a godsend today, i don't think i would be as happy as i am right now! plus we're going to see a movie tomorrow  hell yeah! > laugh "
"had a wonderful time with <propmale> moyer today  smile  went to the movies with our yummies and saw how to train your dragon at <propfirst> park cinemas, went to southland mall afterwards and was window shopping at best buy and other places  i want an ipad badly now <_<;;;;"
i can't wait until august 13th when the e playful endables is out so i can see my favorite smexy wrestler actor stone cold <propmale> <propfirst> on the screen! *w*
"i'm home and feeling okay! glad i went to the er, found out i had some problems i didn't even know i had! got my meds for my problems so i'll be just fine!  wink  i want to thank my sis <propfemale> salcedo for taking me to the hospital  i really appreciate what she did for me ;w;"
"oh lord   going to my first day on the job in less than an hour! so nervous, yet also happy that i was granted this opportunity! thank you god and jesus!  smile "
first day of work: exhausting!!!! x_x;;;;;;;; even worse: we have to work from 4pm to 1am x________x;;;;;;;;;; i wish i had my own car or someone could drop me off since i can't take my mom's car all the time  sad 
i'm so thankful that tomorrow is friday! then i'll be free on the weekend!!!!!!!! my feet are so sore and achy  crying 
"so glad to finally be home, and be free for the weekend! my feet are so damn sore and red  i'm gonna rest them this weekend 'cause i'll have to go back to being tortured on monday  crying "
"ugh, work has totally ruined my sleep schedule x_x;;;; i can't even wake up in time for church or for anything else ;_; i want sunday to last forever before going back to being tortured   "
"had a really strange dream last night that had 3 people i've never met before, but there was a girl who turned into a little toad witch, and two other guys that i can't remember what their powers were d: all i know is that i worked for the fbi and i ended up getting shot   which the toad witch saved my live  surprise "
"ugh, only got 4 hours or less of sleep 'cause mom wanted me to go to breakfast with her  annoyed "
"damn i have never been in so much pain in my life  my spine feels like it severely wants to snap in half, and i'm practically begging my mom to cut my feet off  crying  worked our asses off tonight and got forced to make one more palette <_< but i guess the good news was that we didn't have to clean  laugh "
"friday!!!!! i'm so glad that it is friday 'cause now i'll be able to rest for the weekend! my body is so achy and sore  but it'll be worth it when i get that paycheck  and speaking of pay checks, we get one today  wink "
just bought new super <propfirst> bros  wii today while out with my gay husband  love  we had a blast and saw cats and dogs: the revenge of <propfemale> galore  tomorrow we're going to discuss ideas on my youtube video entry for <propfemale> soul's who's next contest  i really hope to be the next internet <propfemale>  it's been a dream of mine since i discovered my favorite youtubers!  smile 
"had a good time out with family, now i'm just relaxing playing my new game  smile  just gotta ask my mom if i can borrow the car tomorrow and then keep brainstorming ideas for the video that i'll be making with my gay husband <propmale> moyer  love "
i really don't like it when i end up getting acid reflux  i was up half the night because of that bs -_-;;;
called off work 'cause my stomach wasn't acting right  it'd suck to keep running off the line every 5 minutes to use the bathroom x_x
just woke up with only a couple of hours until i go to work  i wish it wasn't so torturous ;_;
"so we'll pretend it's alright (pretend it's alright), and we'll stay inside  oh what a world, i'll keep you safe here with me (with me)!  wink "
i woke up early as hell this morning thanks to  playing something that had a lot of censoring beeps  i ended up dreaming someone was bitching me out before i woke up  only a couple hours until work ;_;
"yeah, didn't have to go into work today!  laugh "
damn we gotta work! ;a;
"is so glad it's the weekend!!!!! we got new liquor to pack on our line now  i don't know how many palettes we have to make a day, since today was our first day packing the new liquor  i just hope a certain bitch doesn't speed the line up like crazy and mess us all up! grr! and i'm seeing weight loss progress, i just need a darn scale! > sad "
number one main focus today: spend time with gay husband  love  main focus number two: clean my room  laugh 
about to head to work soon  i'll finally be able to put last week's check in the bank tomorrow!  wink 
i ended up weighing myself and i went from 352 (7 13 10) to 335 (today)  surprise  *faints*
saw the e playful endables with my mom earlier  best  movie  ever   love 
"had a weird ass dream that i was pregnant  surprise  i mean, i'm happy for all my hs buddies having kids and stuff, but that's just not for me right now  i want to enjoy my life before i get tied down with marriage and kids  smile "
"got an hour until my ride gets here, and an hour & 45 minutes until we work to death x_x;;;;"
"yesterday was the best day of work ever  <propmale> moyer was temporarily laid off from his one job he's working at and he had to be over at my job, except he was on the other line instead of on mine!  sad  but he came over to talk to me on his break, and it was awesome!  love  and even better when we took a long ride home, which was full of hilarity and awesomeness! too bad he's not going in today because of his asthma  sad "
"got my eyebrows done today before i went to work  they were getting out of control! and i found out that our last week to work is the 2nd week in september  i know i shouldn't be happy, but i am 'cause i'll finally get out of that hell hole!  laugh "
still sore as hell from working overtime on the first line last night  that'll be the first and last time i do that  gotta wash up and go get my nephew a gift for his birthday~
just had a rude awakening this morning because of my mom  apparently she can't get her own shit together -_-;;; trying to get back to sleep now before i have to be in to work later and my ride picks me up   
"ugh, i ended up getting a head cold  it sucks  laugh =;;;;"
"is so damn happy to have a 3 day weekend! even if we don't get paid for monday, rofl!  laugh "
is having a good old time playing some old school <propfirst> and drinking some smirnoff  what a way to spend my 3-day weekend  laugh 
"i don't know why, but i found it kinda funny that i ran into my sister <propfemale> salcedo at sams club earlier today  i did think that would happen one day, but didn't e playful ect it today  laugh "
"had some fun playing super <propfirst> bros  wii with <propmale> moyer! epic and funny as hell, especially since we were doing voices for <propfirst> & <propmale>  laugh  fun times!  love "
isn't sure if the mexicans next door are bbqing or trying to set their house on fire >>;;;;;
"hey fb friends and family  could i ask you all a favor and to pray for my uncle please? he's been in the hospital since wednesday and we're not sure what he has in his brain, but it's some sort of mass  we're hoping it's not a tumor  so please pray that it's nothing too serious and that it can just be taken care of with medicine   sad  thanks and i love you guys!  love "
didn't have to go into work today  and since i didn't have to go in i went out with my most awesome friend <propmale> moyer! and i *cannot* wait until next month! youmacon get here sooner please! :'d
wonders if she's the only one that has no luck at all with love <_<
today (thursday) was our very last day of work  i'm officially laid off and unemployed  firetruck d:<
"thinks it feels weird to be laid off  i have a lot of free time again, and i'm afraid i might turn back into a lazy bum again x'd time to start puttin' in job apps and get to cleaning the house! 'cause i still need money for youmacon!"
just saw the trailer for disgaea 4  i  fucking  want   love 
just woke up  damn i'm exhausted still from not really getting any good sleep recently x_x;
went to see my uncle today at his house and glad to hear he's doing better!  smile  he won't start chemo & radiation until next week  i just hope it'll take care of the problem and all will be good  love 
"argh, i'm so sleepy today!  sad "
has been feeling lonely and depressed lately  will i ever find someone to love me for who i am instead of judging by looks?
in indy right now about to see ufc: ultimate fighting championship 119 live! a cab is about to get us and we're going to have us some fun!  laugh 
"agh! i'm so hungry that my stomach hurts and i feel sick ><;;; has anybody felt like this before? i know a couple people do  surprise  can't have cereal 'cause for some reason when we got home yesterday most of the food was spoiled in the fridge, and it was all fine on saturday <_<"
"somehow ended up getting sick yesterday, and it's definitely kicking my ass today -_- i need some oj <_<"
caramel  apples are yummeh!  love  and i want to go to a haunted house this month!!!!
freezing!!!!!!!!!! ;a;
"i miss my dad, i wonder where he's been all these years? and who is the strange man that now lives in our basement?"
my mom joined facebook! agh!!!!!!!
gah! gotta get my cleaning done before my out-of-state <propmale> gets here on wednesday! d:
agh it's so hot in this house!!!!! at least cleaning is getting done! my whore will be here in a few days!!!!!  love 
is feeling pretty shitty at the moment  praying to god that tomorrow will be a much better day for me 
just bought demon days on itunes (originally had it on cd) and also purchasing plastic  beach  i  love  on melancholy hill *_*
"is bisexual and there are 364 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly beo5x3 "
at borders with my mom and <propfemale>  still don't have internet  sad 
at borders again  probably won't have internet until the end of this week or something  gotta return a copy of disgaea 2 that won't play and i'm pissed! i love disgaea 2! d:<
i wanna carve a pumpkin damn it! d:<
i have internet again! but that's not important! what's really important is that youmacon is almost less than a week away!!!!!!!!  love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
went out with mom and had us some margaritas  laugh 
i can't remember a damn thing i did last night  not to mention i feel like shit x_x;
i strongly dislike the sound of someone puking  my poor friend is doing that in the bathroom and i can't help but cringe and feel sorry  crying 
"will i ever get over minor little colds? thanks to this shit i can't even get my flu shot -_-; and my friend is still sick, so i had to walk to the dollar store and buy a few things  came back sweating to death x x;;;"
it really irks me when there are people who are fat and then try to talk down to someone who is fat as well  gawd i'm so irritated at the moment  troubled 
"is sad that youmacon is over ;a; didn't really get to enjoy it that much because i was unable to get to the panels i wanted to go to, or the one i was *trying* to go to got moved -_- oh well, i still had fun and enjoyed myself!  love  i can't wait until youma 2011~!  laugh "
i hate it when the most fragile things fall apart   
*sigh* ended up losing my job tt_tt
post-con depression sucks ;a; and in a little bit i'll be having brats over here to watch x'd
falling back really helped me out with my sleeping schedule  i now wake up at 11 or sooner instead of noon  laugh 
"haven't been on fb in a while, nor have i tweeted  nothing but being busy with things here and there  hope all my fb friends and family are doing good! i love you guys!  laugh   love "
at the hotel with my cuz and friend  my cousin just showed me something very disgusting x_x;;;
"could not sleep on the sofa sleeper at all last night  had a very hard time sleeping as well as being uncomfortable with the room temp, but all is fine now  everyone else is still sleeping except for me  annoyed "
playing some war and heading to bed eventually  had an awesome thanksgiving with family and friends yesterday! i'm so happy everything turned out fabulous even if a certain basement dweller did not want to celebrate with us  i just want to be happy with my family  smile 
i feel like absolute shit  i wish i could go off on vacation somewhere alone 
"so many things i wish i could say on here, but it's best to be kept to myself so i don't get myself into trouble < <;"
"people can say the cruelest things to you  and it hurts even more when it comes from someone you think is your family  and <propfemale> salcedo, you know exactly who i'm talking about  sad "
gonna play a little bit more war since my <propmale> might be leaving me soon ;a; and then i'll have to be on a hunt for some n64 av cables of my own! agh!
"he has a tv down in the basement, yet he's up here watching tv in the living room -_-;"
sorry if anybody's been trying to get a hold of me on my cell and i haven't been able to call back or whatever  it's still out of service at the moment  i'll get back to tweeting and doing status updates from my phone eventually!  love 
i swear the psychos are out tonight! there was about to be a fight at armandos  it was crazy! d:
had a dream that made me burst into tears all day today  i miss you grandpa and i'll always love you with all of my heart!  love 
"i've changed my weight goal to 160  i'm hoping to be in shape eventually so i can get into the air force  sounds crazy for me to do, right? but i want to protect my country  smile "
if anybody wants to know   ketchup to the eye hurts   badly x_x
wishing for some happiness to come my way  i wish i had a soul mate  crying 
"it's almost midnight, but i just want to say before its too late: happy birthday, grandpa  this year you probably would've been 73 years old  i hope you had a wonderful birthday up in heaven  wish we could've been there to celebrate with ya  two years is a long time since you've been gone  i miss you, and i love you with all of my heart "
just tricked a friend into eating a dog biscuit! and they liked it!  laugh 
feeling like absolute shit from the lack of sleep i'm getting now  have a bad headache now!  troubled 
after staying up for more than 24 hours i'm going to finally go to sleep! night!!!!!!
is feeling like miserable shit  been crying since i woke up 
watching music vids and christmas specials  still lonely  sad 
eating at <propmale> village with my folks  smile 
"okay, i've got a serious question to ask and i need everybody to try and respond  is it a good idea for someone like me with very little job e playful erience to try and call employers after filling out an application vs  someone who has a lot more e playful erience to do the same thing? i'm always badgered to fill out apps and call the very next day and i need advice from those of you that have used to have jobs  thank you!"
saw tangled with <propmale> moyer  yesterday  it was a really good movie! worth seeing again!  laugh 
"been busy all day today! and my sleep keeps getting interrupted because i keep waking up in the middle of the night! argh! ah well, i managed to get my ps3 today! but i can't have it until christmas! i miss <propfemale> pierce  crying "
trying to get the house cleaned for saturday! mainly so i don't have to work on my birthday > sad 
"had a somewhat fabulous birthday yesterday  again, thanks you guys who wished me happy birthday  smile  about to go out shopping to get a gift for my momma  love  i will destroy whoever tries to ruin my day  laugh "
tried looking for my grandpa's grave for an hour  no luck at all  crying 
wooooo! i'm on my itouch!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!
i love the nightmare before christmas! watching it now  smile 
i can't stop listening to my glee christmas album!  love   love   love   love   love   love   love 
headaches are normal for me at home  annoyed 
exercise program interrupted  fuck 
mmm   i love subway  love 
just got done burning off my breakfast! woo! 30 minutes of brisk walking is quite a workout! can't wait to weigh myself this saturday!  laugh 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 04 2011 and was under her calorie goal
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 05 2011 and was under her calorie goal
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 06 2011 and was under her calorie goal
"is desperate to move out of this hell hole  i just continue to be treated like a 2 year old even though i'm 22  i would move out, but i don't know where i would go and i have no money at all  crying "
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 07 2011 and was under her calorie goal
lost 8 pounds since her last weigh-in! she's lost 37 pounds so far 
i'm so damn happy and proud that i ended up losing 8 pounds after sticking to my nyr for a whole week! i'm gonna keep sticking to it and can't wait to see more progress!  smile  plus we just got our zumba fitness dvds yesterday so i can't wait to check those out!  love 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 08 2011 and was under her calorie goal
sleepy! going to bed! good night everyone!  laugh 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 09 2011 and was under her calorie goal
good night fb friends! i'm so glad i ended up losing 8lbs for my first week! can't wait to see more results!  smile 
had a tripped out dream this morning! it's too insane to e playful lain! @_@;;;;
did somebody secretly put drugs in my food? i was giggling like crazy all day  laugh 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 10 2011 and was under her calorie goal
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 11 2011 and was under her calorie goal
no internet for us  damn  crying 
i swear some people are so fucking rude! why do i always have to deal with stupid bullshit like this?
had to take care of my daddy today since he had surgery wednesday and my mom had to work  today was a good day  smile 
i lost 2 6lbs this week! can't wait to reach my goal!  smile 
back at my old job today  the one thing i didn't miss was the back pain  ouch!
i hate it when i forget to bring plastic forks  sad 
can't wait until 3 smile 0!  laugh 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 20 2011 and was under her calorie goal
lost 2 2 pounds since her last weigh-in! she's lost 12 4 pounds so far 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 21 2011 and was under her calorie goal
staying the night at my cousin's house  playful 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 24 2011 and was under her calorie goal
"good morning fb friends & fam! getting ready for work, and i only had less than 6 hours sleep! i woke up at 4 and had trouble getting back to sleep! ugh! i pray to have a good day and may you all have a wonderful day too!  smile "
omg! i found someone at my job that could almost be my twin! she's hilarious!  laugh 
"another tiring day of work, but i'm thankful to have a job! i got to move around instead of standing in one place all day, according to my pedometer i burned quite a lot of calories  surprise  can't wait until sunday so i can weigh-in!  love "
"had a tiring, but wonderful day at work  according to the pedometer app on my ipod touch i burned close to 600 calories, probably more if it weren't almost dead, lol! i'm planning on investing a polar heart rate monitor thing that everyone seems to be talking about on the message boards  i hope it will help me out more!"
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 25 2011 and was under her calorie goal
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 26 2011 and was under her calorie goal
"i swear my mom has some fucking nerve  she told me to \stopping sitting on your ass all day \"" what the fuck?! i have a job and you *still* try to treat me like i don't have one?! some fucking nerve > sad """
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 27 2011 and was under her calorie goal
lost 2 pounds since her last weigh-in! she's lost 15 pounds so far 
i can't believe i lost 15 pounds this month!  surprise  i feel awesome! and as a reward i'm buying me a t-shirt i'm dying to have!  laugh 
"you know what sucks? you don't have the money to buy the one thing you want, and then once you do have money the thing you want most is gone  thanks, hot topic -_-;;;"
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 28 2011 and was under her calorie goal
"and just so everybody knows, i will not be posting any pictures up of my weight loss progress until summer  i want to keep everyone in the dark so it'll be a better surprise  laugh "
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 29 2011 and was under her calorie goal
just found out my mom lost 7lbs today! wow!  surprise 
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 30 2011 and was under her calorie goal
"burned 43 calories doing 7 minutes of \mild stretching\"""""
completed her food and exercise diary for 01 31 2011 and was under her calorie goal
lost 1 2 pounds since her last weigh-in! she's lost 16 2 pounds so far 
so much snow!!!!!! i better be able to make a snowman tomorrow! d:<
completed her food and exercise diary for 02 01 2011 and was under her calorie goal
"burned 459 calories doing 30 minutes of \shoveling snow\"""""
had a dream last night that i was a <propmale> from l4d2 (left 4 dead 2)  except i kinda sucked as a <propmale>   and i know that mainly because i've barely played the game before  laugh  hmm   must invest in getting l4d series <w<;;;;
completed her food and exercise diary for 02 02 2011 and was under her calorie goal
waiting on direct tv to get here  hurry so i can watch tv! d:
stupid neighbors and their stupid trees  cant get satellite -_-
enjoyed some internet at borders because we have none at home  i will miss it until next time we come here  crying  got a headache too  hope everyone has a good day!
got a slight nagging headache right now  grrr     sad 
heading out to crackerjacks bar & grill for the fundraising benefit for my uncle <propfirst>!
i effing love the fact that all the ace attorney games are together in the app store  thank you capcom  laugh 
"i admit that \born this way\"" sounds slightly similar to \""e playful ress yourself\""  but its not like the whole song was ripped off completely  geez    -_-"""
"oh yeah, and happy v-day   *sigh*  annoyed "
"i dunno what it is about women using public restrooms, but they need to learn to flush the damn toilets! d:<"
i dunno why but i dont feel so good  sad 
"i dont know how i got it, but i think i caught a cold  crying "
ugh   i got a massive headache  crying 
borders didn't have any good deals today so i will go back when they're 50% off so i can load up on manga!  laugh 
anybody know if the percentage was bumped up at borders yet? or is it still 20%-40% off?  annoyed 
damn you old man winter! ddddddd:
on lunch break and i'm bored!  sad 
on lunch break  i need this day to go by faster x_x
gotta work the whole weekend  ugh!  crying 
anybody else working the weekend that wants to share my misery?  sad 
am i the only one who thinks putting rice and beans on a bologna sandwich is gross? just witnessed someone doing that x_x
wishing i could've gone to church today  but instead i'm stuck at work  *sigh*  annoyed 
i finally fit into a pair of jeans i haven't worn in years! i feel awesome!  laugh 
today was a kick-ass day! went out with <propmale> tonight and got to eat and goto the casino  we met some new friends there and <propmale> won $500 & split it with me!
i think i killed my ipod  _ 
"good news! my ipod isn't dead! i got it fixed by the most awesome friend in the world, <propmale>! :'d"
visiting grandpa now  i wonder if anybody else has visited him lately 
i saw darth vader going down the street during the parade  laugh 
ha ha~ guess who's gonna be working at target? me!  laugh 
had orientation today and learned alot of stuff! won't be going in until next week fir training  so happy though!  smile 
happy st  <propfirst>'s day everybody! be sure to wear green!  laugh 
anybody i know going to <propmale> & <propmale> the freak's friday b!tches ball tomorrow at the fillmore? i really wanna go but not by myself!  sad 
argh! i really want to go to the friday b!tches ball with somebody d:
today was a great day at work! time really flew by and it shocked me! but i still have so much to learn and i have 40 hours of training in woodhaven next week!
off work now  won't have work until the week of the 3rd  i have a lot of training that week  surprise 
bought some hair dye today  gonna dye my hair tonight possibly  laugh 
i love hearing 'screaming bloody murder' by sum 41  laugh 
is there anybody i know who can give me a ride to my moms job so i can go take care of a flat tire on the car??? cause i'm screwed at the moment  crying 
so excited and nervous about going to train out at the woodhaven target this week  i hope i do well! ;a;
on break right now  i was very nervous at first but everyone is really nice here!  laugh 
its day 2 at thetarget in woodhaven  so far everything is good  smile 
i'm starting to get better at doing planograming  laugh 
