77871b479982bf7d396b9c6f75e48d47
"well raiders first team ever 6-0 in division and miss playoffs, what's up with that"
rain rain go away come back again another day! i guess i am kinda spoiled with the weather in <propfemale>  it hasn't stopped raining in utah since i got here 
"going to the zoo with <propfirst> should be an eventful day! lions, tigers, and bears oh my   will get some good pictures for those who could not be with us on this occasion"
did anybody just watch the <propfirst> <propfirst> show on abc ?!?
lakers vs celtics game 3 6 surprise 0 pm pacfic- game predictions anybody ! i will go first
new youtube video    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0&feature=related
"i will graffiti your walls, and its not an act of vandalism !!!"
happy birthday to my sister and me !!! every year i have to share my birthday 
is it weird that your family is friends with your x-girlfriend ?
"ohhhh boy raider nation in for a long season   was thinking a wild card run 9-7, but i say that every year   looks like another 5-11 season"
ok we got st  <propfirst> rams at oakland raiders this week if we don't get a w here i don't know if we get one the whole season!!! lets go raiders
quote of the day; \the \,77871b479982bf7d396b9c6f75e4 laugh 47,technology advances so fast by the time i right this it will be obsolete
all mornings can't be winners  dull and predictable is long gone!
"long time coming raiders over the chargers this weekend, monumental victory ! way to go raider nation   "
another tough day of work coming up sampling different italian dishes and wine
bummed out n hostile- missing nephew's costume birthday party! grandma's going to be there too    and the dmv driving me insane          rawr
when you go outside there frost covering the ground and you can see your breath as it hits the air you know its cold
having early dinner at cafe sobora good times
good morning my facebook family and friends! use to working swing shifts its still dark outside what's going on
you never fully appreciate someone something until its gone   carpe diem- much love
epic blowout raiders 59 broncos 14   
raiders 33 seahawks 3   you want some- come get some chiefs  mikey there will be no crying at the next stomp fest
raiders over the chiefs    3-0 in the afc west      here we come playoffs !!!
"afc west #1 - raiders, that's right i said it raiders!"
"when the days high is 11 and the low is -8 it can mean only 1 thing, stay under your 4 blankets and hope the heater doesn't go out"
infuriated- forgiving and forgetting is not one of my strong points
i feel like i'm in the twuilight zone or north pole  foot of snow and fog its white everywhere
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec  6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign for violence against children    spread the word"
"reflection thought of the day  \rebounding the rebounder \"""""
<propfemale> christmas all love you bunches rtsp annoyed  v4 cache3 c youtube com cjyleny73wialqmepbtvjmo8exmyjcakfeijbxytz29vz2xlsarsb laugh hdgnoyjijyoos laugh 6ktqw annoyed 0 0 0 video 3gp
every time i get back up somebody pushes me back down 
"blood libel- refers to a false accusation or claim that religious minorities, usually jews, murder children to use their blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays  political rhetoric to start the day "
chai tea from seattle's best not even close to as good as starbucks ! fyi lol
can't wait   
"so i decided not to grow my hair out long enough to donate to love of locks, i'm sorry cancer patients"
"happy ground hogs day! how he going to see his shadow when he getting snowed on, i'm thinking a late spring"
working day and night - now its time for me to head south for winter !! vegas here i come
"canceled my plane flight home, decided the weather here is better in the winter"
its official caffe ibis best chai tea in town
"\what comes next\"""""
"dodged 3 bullets- i feel like i'm either in the matrix or i'm <propfirst> \50 cent\"" <propmale>"""
well member of the sports academy very nice fitness center  need a raquetball partner
saw hall pass last night had some funny parts    i nom chomped the babysitters aunt
"you have got to bring it! i hate it, but i love it   "
"you and i wake up together in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? if you comment, you should copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   4 words are harder than you think "
my days are blurry they run together; weeks go by and everything's the same  somebody pinch me i think i'm dreaming   
so i went to gnc the guy knew his products and was very helpful- sports academy get ready
"may those that love us, love us; and those that don't love us, may god turn their hearts; if he can't turn there hearts, then may he turn their ankles, so we'll know them by their limp \    shamus phibber mcgee"""
it hurts so gooooood !
"great day to be sitting in the park spitting sunflower seeds and looking at the animals, sun feels great "
you know your socially dysfunctional when after chuncks of food fly's all over the table you decide to finish up your plate   lol
******sigh******
"thought of the day- some things are good that come in doubles twix <propfemale> bar, twins with double d's    work days however not one of them"
i think my sister jance is one of the most amazing people i know  thanks sis for being one of the coolest peeps i know 
