513888d48e3cf7214a1090a25e1fa8cd
i just got my retainer 
today is my grama's birthday
just finished my reports
is freezing!!!!!!!!
is going to the emergency room       not fun!!!
my mom just told me that i am directly related to <propmale> lincon lol he is 6 generations away from me lol
the saints are going to the super bowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"<propfemale>!!! an amazing name  also a good adjective for any girl who is gorgeous, smart, funny, talented, loving, loved, and fabulous in general  if you are considering having a kid, name it <propfemale>: despite the sex that girl isn't named <propfemale>? she totally should be!"
i really want to connect with my blood grandmother my 2 grandmas i have now are wonderful and i love them so much but maybe 3 will be even better  i hope she replys back to me 
watching gone with the wind!!!
driving! what fun!
i'm so happy! it's only gonna cost $800 to fix my car! i'm gonna get it back from the shop by the end of the week!
just lost at twister! what fun
i got my car today!
watching <propfirst>'s angels
chillin' on the couch with beaux
doing homework    what fun   
is in sulpher
i finaly finished my ap u s  history assignments!  yay!
i finally finished the home work!!!!!! yay!
"why is it difficult to find men who are sensitive, caring and good looking?\they all have boyfriends already "
"it's sad when you get old, your birthday just becomes \another day\"" sad """
men are like commercials: sound good but you know its false advertisement 
saved lives today! i gave blood and only got really really sick twice! how awesome!
"i don't know if we each have a <propfemale>, or if we're all just floatin' around accidental-like on a breeze  but i, i think maybe it's both "
"<propfemale>'s health care system is second only to japan    canada, sweden, great britain    well, all of europe  but you can thank your lucky stars we don't live in paraguay "
just got done with the act test at sulpher and it wasn't as bad as what i was e playful ecting
why go to school when you don't do anything  i don't want to be here! (school)
<propfemale> christmas every one  smile 
my daddy just ordered my new iphone!!! im soooo excited! im gonna get it after tuesday and i got a pink otterbox for it!  smile  cant wait!
a slow train!!! really???
at the movies with <propfirst> and having an amazing time!  smile 
what is the point of fine arts????
i hate fine arts
"so happy smile \i figured up my gpa and it's a 3 7! \one of the good things about a p  classes smile "
why must trains stop?!?!?
5 day weekend!!!
getting ready to go out!! so excited smile 
well i'm single again and it's not such a terrible thing  momma gave me money and my daddy got me flowers  so all in all the flowers really made my whole month smile  if i ever need cheering up flowers will do the trick every single time smile 
well it's official    mono sucks!!! the only up side is no school but i still have to do homework so what's the point????
so excited for thursday!! i'm getting my graduation ring! i'm not gonna miss that even if i am still sick  can't wait!
first day back at school in a week and a half  it's not fun and i'm ready to go home 
"why do they play depressing music on the radio in the morning??\aren't mornings bad enough already?"
