0cae59ccf85d20e5a5abebe42939e534
up late writing a paper for class   
tired   is going to bed
"god when will this snow stop? i used to love the fall and hate the spring, now i can't wait for it   "
needs to get out more often
really st<propmale>ing to like <propmale>   
why can't there be more hours in a day?
just realized i have matured so much since last year   and high school feels like decades ago
"<propmale> me wings that i might fly my restless soul is longing no pain remains, no feeling   eternity awaits"
just one more week 
is relieved her chemistry class isn't as difficult as she thought it was going to be 
wonders what in the bloody hell is going on outside!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
upkill 
i hate getting paper cuts from new books 
is reading the messiah of <propmale> street
hates being sick
hates it when bars let out a block away from me  annoyed 
so glad only 10 more quotes to go   i love being this good at procrastinating
why is it that it's so cold outside and yet i feel so hot?
great   i just realized msg gives me migraines 
i wish so much that i didn't have to write a paper with this migraine   
oh man finally got my paper done and my migraine is gone  joyful 
hell yea just got an a in world civ   knew i could beat that crazy teacher 
"is wondering why the woodmen tower is lit up in a pattern that looks like \121\"" or \""120\"" on both the sides i can see"""
holy shit  just got off the phone with my mom  apparently either the roof or the north wall or both was ripped off of the itc building of metro's south campus during the storm
"apparently was walking through some wild catnip, since my cat's all over my shoes lol"
life is weird and crazy
well this week was longer than e playful ected
is learning to like eggs   and is finally cooking more now 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone
has a job 
finally got to go swimming this summer  joyful 
had a very nice nap this morning  yay for getting out of class early 
i spend my nights trying to understand my confusing life
"i start my actual job (not training anymore) in a few hours, a little nervous "
you have to make your own fun in life   and i'm doing that right now 
unreasonable people are unreasonable   work sucked today 
well i just got off work and apparently i'm doing much better than most after what? 4-5 days?  can't wait till i get paid on friday   or get it in the mail at least 
is watching the rain  good thing i took a nap tonight   now i'll never get to sleep 
"just realized that i like schedules   i love them, in fact   i know, i'm crazy  i know "
"is eating a delicious philly cheese steak (minus the cheese, because i'm intolerant) left over from pepperjax   and now i'm wondering why they don't use pepperjack cheese at the pepperjax grill (they use swiss) "
had a dream my fb account got hacked 
"i swear they had the same small list of songs on repeat at work today   i do not want to hear \hey mickey\"" or \""walkin on sunshine\"" for at least a long while now """
"had a dream it snowed   yes, after yesterday   and no one cared, because it's omaha "
"well i finally heard back from financial aid  kind of at least   they apparently made corrections to my fafsa and it's done processing  idk what's going on, but hopefully this means i'll get my award letter soon and i can finally move on with my life (after what? 5 months?) "
is emotionally tired
is finally done with all of her classes for the summer!
so financial aid   2nd step complete   they have determined my need   now for that pesky sending me the money part!
is loving this rain for some reason 
is so glad there was ibuprofen at work   i would've gotten a migraine and passed out   there were just so   many   people 
can't sleep   
loves the weather outside right now 
yes yes yes yes! finally i'm getting my financial aid money!!!!!!!!  took them long enough 
is sick 
omg my <propmale> plant is blooming! i mean bad for using it as an <propmale> but good for my horticulture skills!
doesn't usually like soup but just made the best chicken soup that helped me feel better almost immediately   i'm just so glad i made the recipe that i've been trying to make forever at the time when i needed it the most
ish learning how to drive  joyful 
i love the fall but hate the winter 
started school again   and maaaaan is my life going to be busy this quarter 
aaaaah my eyes hurt from reading  annoyed   but i love my classes and i love keeping busy so it's all fine with me
is it just me or are there a lot more wasps outside right now?
"greeeat   when i finally want to open my window, a wasp wants to get in   wtf?"
it's too dark and gloomy outside to do anything but sleep   ugh but i have a full day ahead of me
"so i had a dream it snowed   both last night and the night before   and i really, really don't want to be thinking about a foot of snow on the ground right now   "
is sick       again 
oh my what a long weekend it's been   
so   glad this weekend is finally   over *breathes*
i felt like something was off all day   that's when i realized what's different: today is the first day that really feels like fall to me 
language: pirate   hell yea 
"feet are killing me   and i work 9 hours tomorrow, ugh "
"dear people of today, life is awesome   that is all "
"damnit voice, come back already! you're kind of necessary "
can't believe this quarter is almost over   just one and half more weeks 
"nothing in the world will ever defeat the power of the mind, of the will "
"oh no, it is not snowing outside, no "
"wewt, only one more week   two or three more days of actual work   i will be so happy once this quarter is finally over "
"went to see <propmale> potter today   and this time, i can definitely say, it was well worth it "
is getting so much crap done today you wouldn't believe   yay for dry-erase boards and to-do lists!
"happy thanksgiving everyone   good luck with all the baking and cooking, if you're the one to do that   i know i've had my share of kitchen messes to clean up (i woke up at effing 8 am!) "
"hey, did you know life is awesome?"
damn that wind and having a north-facing window 
had an awesome day of awesomeness 
words cannot describe how much i like college over high school 
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays everyone
wants to murder my damn printer that was working fine just last night   grrh 
excellent day was excellent 
"hooray! the printer is fixed   now that i don't need it, of course   the thing has a mind of its own, i swear "
"soooooooo glad i am out of that store!  and so hoping \i won't have classes tomorrow!"
is in complete awesomeness and acceptance and nirvana 
"läßt sich fallen weich wie schnee   erst wird es heiß, <propfemale> kalt, am ende tut es weh   "
the snow was so beautiful today   it reminds me of russia and wolf's rain and win 
"i don't care how nerdy it sounds, classical music is win "
needs a change 
had a dream it was 77 degrees out last night and going to get up to 110 today (with heat index) due to omaha's crazy whether and electricity and the end of the world    hmm
"insane day, glad i'm home"
"good morning everyone, it's gonna be a good day"
woot i have a passport  at least the book anyway  now i can travel the world!  and conquer it! muahahahaha
is enjoying the little things in life    love 
has a new phone   message me for the number 
is excited for omaha's weather   bring it on 
okay sooooo not looking forward to work tonight *waits for <propfirst> to make fun of me*
rien de rien   je ne regrette rien
is very pissed at the apartment above us   this pounding's (read: nailing) been going on since 10 am now!
"freakin a   every time i want to ill out my fafsa, the website is having downtime   right about midnight, which is normally when i have the time to actually fill it out   grr, this didn't happen last year "
"ok it's 9 smile 0 on a saturday night   not midnight   and fafsa still won't let me do anything   if this keeps up, i'll be forced to fill it out on a school computer, grr "
well it's official now   i'm going to costa rica this summer 
"will never, ever forgive <propmale> <propmale> for inventing daylight savings time"
wow just heard the best news   my class was freaking cancelled due to my instructor being sick   best  day  evar 
"dear people, it is snowing   wtf   i hate omaha   that is all "
"for the record, if anyone was wondering, <propfirst> is a friend from work   we aren't really in a relationship, it was an april fool's day thing "
