da519fb39750512aab9e3e6f283e9f0d
"my mommy is playing lps mall madness with <propfemale>, the boys are playing the wii, my man is disecting a computer, and its obvious what im doing, lol  "
"man i have weird dreams, lol   "
just started this   heard it is better then myspace
happy thanksgiving everyone smile 
"trying to figure out how to add photos, lol  "
i finally am getting pics up for friends to see  smile 
i need my coffee  smile 
"kids driving me nuts, lol"
starting to put up christmas decorations  smile 
listening to <propfemale> mclachlan now  smile 
i need coffee  
family pictures went great!!
in the process of bringing up a new kitchen table  smile 
feeling blah
hanging up more christmas lights  smile 
"debating what to do today   probably just cleaning, lol"
"finished christmas shopping for the kids, now im broke   lol"
christmas is almost here  smile 
feeling blah this morning   and am already sick of this winter weather
getting ready to go to bed   zzzzzzz
need to do laundry   ugh
had a good christmas  smile  i hope everyone did as well
had a good time with my family tonight  love you smile 
i had to take the christmas tree down already because the cat kept knocking it over   dangit!!
"my mommy is coming for a visit from tx and she will be here tomorrow, yayy smile "
heading to watch my sons wrestling practice   smile 
"i can be such a blonde  after i wrote my status last night, i locked myself out of my home thinking i had my keys on me  but to my dismay i didn't, i left them on the kitchen table! i had to ask the neighbors to take my son to wrestling practice and to drag their ladder over and climb in my living room window to get in  what would i do without good neighbors, lol!"
"my brain is not working right now, i need my coffee, lol"
for some reason facebook is running really slow   its aggravating annoyed 
getting ready to go to wilkes-barre to see my bff <propfemale> and her baby jaykob  smile 
just relaxing and having my morning coffee  smile 
getting kids ready for school   
look <propfirst>!! remember this  smile 
feeling kinda depressed today   sad 
feeling a little better   still aggravated at my man annoyed 
had a good time at <propfemale>'s this wknd  but getting sick was not fun  sad 
"everybody is feeling better now  thank god, that was awful"
"cleaning, cleaning, and more cleaning"
i might be single again   this just sucks  but then maybe its a good thing
men!! they are just as complicated as women can be
"taking <propfemale> to her bf's bday party   i will probably have fun too, lol"
"this snow is carazy, lol! i still have to go out and shovel it   the man is definitely helping me "
"attempting to make cookies from scratch with lilly   they seem to be turning out ok, lol"
got a haircut   will post pics soon  i like it smile 
going to get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow   eeekkk  
"i survived getting my wisdom teeth out, lol  felt crappy yesterday, but feel suprisingly well today  not as bad as i thought it would be  smile "
chilling with <propfemale> this week  smile 
it was fun to see the kids have fun with their poppi today  smile 
"took the kids to the park yesterday, i had a blast as well  smile  then went out for my friends bday "
"the kids are actually with their dad for the weekend  im in shock, lol"
heading to bed shortly  had a rough day with cars
going to get come cleaning done  then hopefully study
ahhhhhh!!! im sooo glad im divorced!!
my man is off on his trip  im going to miss him  sad 
going to spend the weekend with my bff <propfemale>  smile 
had a good time at my bff's  smile  i sped to get home though cuz i missed my man  
off to <propfemale>'s soccer practice soon
"going to walk to justins school to get him   need the exercise, lol"
today is going to be busy  justin's baseball practice and then <propfemale>'s soccer game  smile 
lillys soccer team is winning 3-1 so far!! she's doing great! she's not afraid to get in there nd kick the ball 
they won!! <propfemale>'s team won 6-2 smile  yayy <propfemale>
"saw a picture of halsted middle school, now im missing newton  i love that town"
enjoying my dunkin donuts hazelnut coffee  smile 
"going to <propfirst>'s baseball game today, hopefully they win  smile "
"i passed my ged!! hopefully off to college in the fall  smile ) also, my dad is moving back up to jersey!! what a day full of good news!"
getting ready to go to <propfemale>'s last soccer game of the season and off to the pool  smile 
"i actually woke up early  now what do i do, lol"
ugh!! trying to upload photos but it isn't working right!!
off to <propfirst>'s baseball practice to prepare for a game tomorrow smile  then over to my friend jen's smile 
cleaning up the house and getting ready to go to the pool with my bf and kids  smile )
<propfirst>'s team won their playoff game against the braves regardless of the stupid ump!! yayyyy!! the angels made it to the championships smile )
i finally graduated last night!! yayy!! nd having my family there was fantastic  smile ) i love all of you!
tired out from going to the pool  going to relax now  *sigh*
"phew  went for a late night walk jog  now im pooped, lol"
went on another walk jog  and the cops are all over the place tonight
off to a pool party for <propfirst> and his baseball buddies  should be fun smile 
had a great time at the pool party smile  will have some pics up soon  
had an awesome time with amy smile 
"went for my nightwalk  now im all sweaty, ewww, lol  "
kids    driving    me   crazy!!
heading out to the pool   smile 
just chillin smile 
thinking and somewhat worrying about the future  annoyed 
need to find a job asap  i believe everyting will work out though  
"applied for numerous jobs  i hope i get one, eekkk  annoyed "
i think i have a good <propmale> of getting a job soon  i will find out next week  keeping fingers crossed  smile 
"tubing down the delaware river with <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, nd kids  smile "
"need to do some cleaning today  then idk, lol"
just bored    
"going to the carnival later with <propfemale>, the neighbors, and kids"
"going to the carnival with my best friend jenn and her family, <propfemale>, and my children smile )"
i don't know how i feel today  its a mixture of different emotions  i need a job!!
"i finally got a job!! start tomorrow, yayy!!"
had a good first day of work  now im going swimming in my bf's pool  smile )
heading to bed    yawwwnnn surprise 
"worked overtime today, now i'm just going to relax   "
"had a good time with my bff, just chillin, now going to bed  goodnight smile "
"ok, im going to stop procrastinating and do some cleaning while listening to my eclectic taste in music, lol  smile "
weeeee   im feeling pretty goood  lol
i was feeling good yesterday  now im pissed!!
feeling a little broken sad (((
heading to bed  hopefully i have good dreams  smile 
going to do some cleaning and letting my daughter play on my facebook  smile 
hates feeling lonely  sad 
im heading to bed  but <propfemale> will be on playing with happy aquarium smile 
"blahbitty, blahbitty, blah, blah, blah   can't wait till friday to see my mom in tx smile )"
waiting at the airport for my plane to arrive then heading to see my mommy laugh !!
waiting for my plane to arrive then heading to see my mommy laugh !!
"now in chicago, looking at all the interesting ppl nd this cute guy thats sitting across from me, lol"
"finally made it to <propmale>, chilling with my mommy!! smile )"
heading to the beach with my mom smile  having an awesome time with her and <propfemale>!! thank you for watching my children jenn!! you're the greatest smile ))
"had a great time at the beach with my mom  cept for being attacked by sea lice the second time in, lol  gross, def took a shower!!"
waiting for my airplane to home  dont want to leave my mom but i know i must get back to my children 
"arrived home safe and sound  already miss my mom smile ) now, off to work "
going to do some cleaning and hopefully hanging out with michael smile 
getting ready for work  kids go back to school tomorrow  nd hanging out with <propfirst> as well  smile )
feeling a little down today  sad   hopefully tomorrow will be a better day
"had an awesome night out with my dad, <propfemale>, and her fiance steven!! smile ) woootwooot, lol!! now, off to bed"
what to do   what to do???
"heading to the celtic classic with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and all the kids  should be interesting and fun  def take pics smile "
going to dance my heart out with jenn at 40below!!!
"had a blast dancing with jenn, def need to do that again  smile "
"went out with jenn, <propfirst>, and bob  had an awesome time dancing nd being the life of the party at the legion  smile )"
feeling a little down  this rainy weather doesn't help either  sad (
so far this wknd bites  annoyed  
"going to <propfemale>'s soccer game, hopefully they win one  then maybe to the mall to get my halloween costume  smile )"
"lillys team finally won a game, lol  smile ) yay!! nd i got my halloween costume, will post pics soon  cant wait to go party with <propfemale> nd <propfirst> on friday!!"
had a blast last night with my sis nd her man  smile 
can't wait till friday!! going to an atreyu concert!!
anybody want to go to an atreyu concert at crock rock?? i dont want to go by myself :-[
"ok, my computer is being stupid slow  "
atreyu concert rocked!!! im so glad i went even though i went by myself  smile )
drinking my wawa coffee and going to take <propfirst> to wrestling practice  
what was i thinking going to work on a saturday when i dont have to!!
men need to make up there mind and stop wasting my time > annoyed 
"i have a good <propmale> of getting hired into my work, yayy, more money  smile )"
"well, this weekend sucked!! hopefully, the week will be better "
cant wait for this workday to end so i can go home nd spend time with a special friend  smile 
"all ready for my date with <propfirst>  smile  got my nails done, had <propfemale> do my hair, nd im looking spiffy, lol "
had a wonderful date last night nd hoping for many more with <propfirst>  smile  now getting ready to work on nights 
"my first night of working nights was ok but terribly slooowww   im already missing a shift, it was alot more fun, lol  "
i believe that i have been swept off my feet  smile  nd im loving it
just chillin at my bffs house for thanksgiving  having fun remembering the good old days  smile 
"laying in bed, reading a book, wishing someone was cuddled up next to me  wink "
"i need to find my ice scraper so i dont have to sit at work nd wait for my windshield to defrost, lol"
i need to get a new computer  using my phone is just not the same
cant wait for this wrknight to end  want to go see my friend  laugh 
what a suckass wknd!! at least seeing my dad today will cheer me up 
"aggravated, confused, disapppointed, urg  sad "
had a gooood night ;-d
feeling a little tired nd distracted  lost in thought
out to breakfast with the kids  smile 
wondering whats going on??
"i already want summer to come   its ffffrrreeezzing, lol"
fuck this im done  sad 
im so sick of being hurt!! when will it end   or maybe when will i let it end  sad   sad 
i know what it feels like when memories make you wince and love letters read like obituaries and photo albums are the books of the dead   if i had my way id cut the calluses off your breaking heart   
"had an awesome time with my dad and family this christmas!! can't wait for more  smile  i love you dad, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and all my family  smile "
i dont want <propfemale> to leave!! wahhh sad  i love you <propfemale>
well i attempted to go to work but it was way to bad   now i'm stuck at a friends house   
i reallly hope that work doesnt tack on another 30days to my probation because of the weather   guess i will find out tonight  annoyed 
"well, i didn't do much this wknd but i did accomplish alot of cleaning  smile "
going on a date tonight  smile  wish me luck  playful 
getting ready for another night of work
i dislike long 10hr work nights  annoyed \
i feel like i made the right decision  smile  can't wait to get home to crawl into his arms 
"one more night of work, then the weekend  smile ) going to go bowling with the family"
going out to breakfast with my man  then he's actually going to the laundrymat with me!  laugh  oh nd yesterday he did the dishes!
"hopefully getting my new car today, if everything goes right  yayy!!"
"got my new car!! looks way better then my escort but i will still miss the little car\ sad  it was good to me lol"
