244c566d2f6b9fdb3f379d6c1213cf72
have u looked outside today? its so beautiful   noon and its 80 out    
ummmm   really confused   and alot hurt for the <propfemale> plus worried for ciji   i know all is ok but u better call me tomorrow   
really confused still    what is goin on??????
keepin my <propfemale> up and living life one day at a time   things have a way of workin themselves out   and btw   i love this time of the yr   not crazy bout the rain but i love the wind   feels so great 
sometimes life just isnt fare    some of the worste things happen to the best ppl    im so so sorry for u    im here for u always   
today is a new day    yesteday is n the past    and tomorrow isnt here yet so live each day to the fullest    tell the ones u love just how much u truly love them   
wow   its been a yr    had a great day together   i love her so much
"ok, so i get this great idea to surprise my fav girls with a 3 day  old kitten   uggg   its like bein a brand new mom all over again   except even lil was up less then his little guy   and <propfemale> says, oh its easy    whatever   i am soooooooo tired lol"
flip flops here i come     yay    hehe
"off to work   kinda runnin late but its the kittens fault, i swear   left him home with brit    she is great with him but im like the nervous mom leavin my kids at school for the first time   i think i need to go back home and check on him lol"
"home alone   had a really long, crapy day    just wanted to come unwind with my babe   guess thats askin too much   "
its all just whatever    thats all i have to say 
so this is what single feels like huh? im not sure what to think   i thought it would have ended better   
"sooo   here it is   she cheats on me, and laughs as she is tellin me, so obviously its over    the funny thing is, ive been tryin to keep us goin thinkin my lack of feelings was just a bump we were goin thru   so why do i still feel lost over this? i feel like a weight has been lifted but still lost    and single   alone "
"letting go does not mean to stop caring, it means i cannot do it for someone else    to let go is not to regret the past but to grow and live for the future   "
ummm   how cool is this   i just drove thru the end of a rainbow   for real    thats gotta bring good luck    
ok so what happened to that luck i was suppose to get from the end of that rainbow????
"lets pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars, i could really use a wish right now     "
"what a great day we had   drinks, sun, swimmin and friends   it doesnt get better then that   i soooo needed it "
soooo   idk   i just dont know   lmao   what am i doing????
happy happy happy   oh wait   did i tell u? im happy   smile 
loving life right now   but not feeling good and hurtin so im tryin not to get cranky with all the ppl i care about   but when u dont feel good its hard     sad 
k so    kidney infections suck    i hurt but thankfully getting better    
yay   cocoa beach for a whole wkend   can we say awwwwww    
had a great wkend too bad it had to end   wish we could stay there for ever
just gunna stand there and watch me burn   thats alright cuz i like the way it hurts
"i dont care what ppl say, the rush i get is worth the price i pay, i crave u when ur away   lalalalalalala"
im just kinda like    idk really    this kinda really sucks   i miss him   a lot
"we come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly"
life lesson   learn from past choices    embrace the past and move on   there is so many great things out there   so many great ppl    live and love every day   keep looking forward 
ugggg this has been the longest 5 days ever   only 5 more min    yay    bout time 
"the problem with <propfemale> is stupidity  i'm not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity, but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself?"
"all i can do is look to the next day   each day can only get better   i know this   i just keep holding on, i know its all gunna be worth it"
grrrrr     i just want one day to go good     no bumps!!!!!!
see what i mean   i finaly think things r lookin up and wammmmm    i get hit a double wammy   i just dont get it    what did i do so wrong to deserve so much bad luck???? cant he pass it out a lil? go a lil easier on me??? please?
sometimes u have to knock the mountains down one piece of dirt at a time   sometimes it just takes something small to help that start happening   he helped take the first handfull    its a start    
uggggg my tummy is n knots     on my way to court to hope i can get the protective order against brit permanent     wish me luck
"yay   ok so that went well   she didnt try to deny any of the accusations against her, so he granted it permanently against her   she can never b around me or <propfemale> again    thank you lord   i feel like a weight has been lifted off me"
"life is too short to be anything but happy, so kiss slowly, love deeply, forgive quickly, take chances and never have regrets  forget the past but remember what it has taught you "
ive decided that the stuff falling through the cracks is confetti and im having a party!
its frustrating when you know all the answers but nobody bothers to ask you the questions    lol
omg    i should have listened to myself this a m    i tried to make myself stay in bed   this ended up being such a horrible day    uggggg    is it bed time yet?
oh wait    is it friday??? yay    thank u whoever decided to make today friday 
you know   i just wish if ppl were gunna make up rumors to spread around could u atleast put a little bit of truth to them? oh wait   i have one better for u    get a life and grow up    
ugggg   learned a very valuable lesson last night    and my killer headache is a constant reminder of it    lol    oh well    its been a long long time    i should be good for a while now 
"can <propmale> truly separate you from your love?    if you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?"
"people are going to want you, need you, exceed you, take you, love you, hate you, play you, rate you, save you, and break you, but thats what makes you!"
"what would you do if given a secound <propmale> at somthing in your past? just a random question,id like to see what my friends have to say    (thx <propmale> btw   i like ur way of thinkin)"
i love my daughter   what a great gift god gave me when he sent her to me    
"uggg what a cruddy afternoon and evening    and now im in bed feelin like my head is gunna e playful lode   yay   now imma get sick too to top this great day off    lol of course duh, why not   just gotta try and laugh it off    "
i just want to say   i just say 2 of the saddest videos ever   i cried   i saw them on the animal rescue site but they r from liveleak com   one is this young girl throwing a litter of puppys into a river and the other is some jerk kicking the crap out of his little dog in an elevator   omg that last one was sad   poor dog    grrr i hate ppl like that   and yes hate is a big word   but really?
"im not saying im perfect, in fact im far from it, but what i am saying is im me and im worth it!"
rip jake    we will miss you
off to play with some ponys    in the rain    yay   lol    i love my job
finaly home   but headed to ocala   hmmmm   what to do what to do    
p90x here we come   im ready for the best ass kickin of my life   lets do it!!!
hmm   bowling    this should be very entertaining  lol
good nite world   have more bowlin pics but dont have the energy to get on and fix them so guess ill do it tomorrow lol   what a longgggg day   hope i dont get any emer calls tnt    i just want sleep    please?
what a beautiful day    happy birthday baby    wish u were here   i love you!
oh wow   so its been such a long wkend i think i need a day off just to rest from my days off lol   
so far so good   only noon but its a good day so far   hope everyone has a good day
oh wow what a day   it was soooo monday   after 11hrs im so ready for bed   got home in time to put ms <propfemale> to bed after a fast dinner    nite world   hope its a better day tomorrow lol
u have nooooo idea!!!
she is the best thing thats ever been mine    i love my <propfemale>   
ok   so i worked a lil today and tanned a lil today   had to try to relax a lil bit lol   but dang my neck is still killin me   i wish it would fix already   for real!!!!
what to do what to do   
hi ho hi ho its off to work i go   its not so bad being on call if u actually get a call to make it worth while    
its what time??? dang   go to bed!!!
gators dockside   a lil football and friends   nice way to spend sunday
well i have to say its been a very strange day   im glad it had a happy ending but all in all pretty strange   dont shoot me for sayin this but   im kinda glad the wkend is over lol
someone remind me next time not to b on call mondays    ugggg its been a long day   
and to make it even better my sunshine didnt shine on me to make it all better   
"i dont even know why i try   i just need to learn what the words \give up\"" mean   whatever! <propfemale> and i are going to the park   alone """
hope everyone is great   i feel better now that i felt a lil sunshine today lol
going to bed with a smile on my face    goodnight
lots of sunshine today   with a small <propmale> of rain   what a good day
soooo frustrated     grrrrrr
ok so not so frustrated anymore   turned out to be a pretty good rest of the day     smile 
"here   let me go get u some glasses, maybe i will b able to see a little better   "
u c  tnt for the fights   should b a fun nite    c u all there
fight night was great   some really good fights    after party was a blast too   now time to find my bed    goodnite all    
i feel like i have dumped  a bucket of ice water over the top of my sunshine and put the light out   my heart hurts 
"on my way home finaly, lets hope no more calls tnt   but atleast it was a change of pace, got to bring a beautiful baby goat into the world   "
yummm pizza hut for lunch    lol
i give up    obviously that was the desired outcome    
i dont want to be just an opinion    
had a super nite with friends and had super tasty home made chicken enchiladas just like mom makes    yummmmm    now cant wait for lunch tomorrow so we can have left overs lol   goodnite fb   c u all tomorrow
hellllooooo sunshine!!! what a day lol
then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel    was just a freight train coming your way     
that train just seams like its getting closer and closer and i have no way to stop it    
ready to curl up with the worlds most beautiful <propfemale> and get some cuddle time in   i love her little <propfemale> arms huggin me so hard     
will he be as strong as me?
"each days a gift and not a given right   leave no stone unturned, leave your fears behind    and take the path less traveled    "
and as we lie beneath the stars we realize how small we are    
well as everyone knows   my voice has decided to take a trip all by itself and leave me here without it for the last 3 days   and now   a cough has come that and wont let me sleep    im sooooooo tired    
uggg workin on what? 3 hrs of sleep? thanks to that cough last nite   im soooo tired   
"when my time comes, forget the wrong that ive done, help me leave behind some, reasons to be missed, and dont resent me and when your feeling empty, keep me in your memory, leave out all the rest      leave out all the rest "
"according to urbandictionary com <propfirst> = one who is seemingly innocent  <propfirst> is commonly known as a good girl, for example: the virgin <propfirst>     however <propfirst> is a bad girl who never gets caught "
"theres always a little truth behind every \just kidding\"" a little emotion behind every \""i don't care\"" and a little pain behind \""its okay\"""""
is it possible to truly be this numb?
at the movies with my princess   sucking up every moment i can   
well started out as a pretty great day   went down hill at a very fast pace    kinda feels like that brick wall ive been leaning on is crumbling right out from under me   need to try to catch my balance and stand up straight    
soooo idk really    i kinda feel sick to my stomach    and at the same time it doesnt seem real    one more day    but im strong and will come out of this even stronger    
to all my friends and family   i may be gone for a while but i wont forget u   im gunna miss everyone   but what will i do witbout him and my <propfemale>??? one breath at a time is all i can do    i love you    
