342cecad3b2f39a348b0cad16f576ede
i really am a terrible friend   
"i really wish people would tell me what they wantto tell me, rather than pussy-footing around it   "
love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise 
i hate when i fail at my purpose    oh well   smile 
"webcams are awesome, especially half-way across the country "
juice boxes are great after working a lot   laugh 
you know you're small when the laptop bag you bought looks huge when you pick it up   
"\titty bar!\"""""
they will not force us  they will stop degrading us  they will not control us  we will be victorious
now it's lonely    dx
they will not force us  they will stop degrading us  they will not control us  we will be victorious 
"if anyone wants to chat, text me  if you don't know my # ask someone who does "
god damn demon curls   
food doesn't taste as good when you are eating alone   
"did anyone else notice that it looks eerily chipper today? well anyways, here’s some good luck and courage to those who need it today "
i don't know what's worse; the pain it gives me or the pain of removing it?
this sunday is going to be awesome  i really can't wait to <propfemale> out!
cannibal! is fucking amazing 
"teller of untruths, your trousers have combusted!"
when you were born you were crying and everyone around you was smiling  make it through life so that when you die you will be smiling and everyone around you will be crying 
well    i got home 4-ish this morning and my mum thought it'd be funny to wake me up at 7  justs for shits and giggles   
"damn  i got a throat cold, lost my voice and i hurt my new piercings again    today suck except for playing imagine   "
"so yeah, that big unicorn chased me down and killed me again yesterday   "
i know the greatest people ever   smile 
because everybody knows that australians <propfemale> a wombat around in their kangaroo   laugh 
"oh my <propmale>, you're so bouncy   lovely little cutie,  wont you cuddle me, cuddle me, cuddle me, cuddle me?  oh my <propmale>, you're so bouncy,  lovely little cutie,  wont you follow me, follow me, follow me?"
"if this is as bad as it gets, i can handle it "
today was one hell of a day 
i wish i could rip my head off and stomp on it just to make it stop hurting    stupid caffiene addiction 
 laugh  i may have a concussion 
wants to do some work on <propmale> projects   
'burn me  burn me so i can't survive  burn me until i can't breathe  until my dying day '
fighting evil by moonlight 
"anybody want a free skateboard? it's ~31 inches, mildly scuffed up  decoration on bottom is flames?, blue and white outlined in red "
in addition to the skateboard i am also trying get rid of a 'robopet' dog  runs on aaa batteries  includes <propmale> and remote along with dog 
"in our family portrait we look pretty happy, we look pretty normal; let's go back to that  in out family portrait we look pretty happy; let's play pretend, act like it go naturally "
"today i'm dirty  i want to to be pretty  tomorrow i know, i'm just dirt  today i'm dirty  i want to to be pretty  tomorrow i know, i'm just dirt"
feeling quite sick now   
well fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck 
"\so there i was minding my own business outside  when this snail comes out of nowhere an chases me \"""""
deviantart now c surprise wns my soul   
i am done with internet assholes
"got my wig, almost finished the dress, and now i am having second-third-fourth-fifth thoughts   "
"in a crooked little town, they were lost and never found fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves    on the ground run away before you drown, or the streets will beat you down fallen leaves, fallen leaves, fallen leaves    on the ground"
"i never once thought, i'd ever be caught! staring at sidewalks, hiding my track marks! i left my best friends, or did they just leave me?"
"hmm    maybe carving a block of wood with sharp tools, no gloves eyegear, and no first aid <propfemale> anywhere nearby at 3 smile 0 am is not a good idea  good thing i had a napkin and orange painters tape in the room "
i don't care what anyone else says; tesla coils are the best things ever made 
leaving for acen tomorrow!
true blood true blood true blood true blood true blood true blood   
wahhhh!!! can't wait!  smile 
gahhh!!! i was so close to escaping too    t^t
i wanna ink     <propfemale> you gotta draw something i can ink!!! please!
i found an actor that would be the best doitsu ever!!  laugh 
going blonde for reals next time  i promise 
wwwwwwaaaaaaffffflllllleeesss!!!!!!!
so i finally got my hair blonde and then i get a massive douche of a computer virus the very next day    dang 
i miss you    t^t
ithink the all-mighty weather gods despise me     annoyed  on the other hand though the caffiene gods shower me with 3 12-packs of soda 
hehehe birthday loot  hehehe   
"step one!: lose the gun! step two!: buy a canoe! step three!: live multiculturily! step four!:you're ready, there is no more!"
soooo    my power is prolly gonna go out soon  damn storm 
dude why's every body so touchy lately? one little opinion and they just flip their shit   
i'm sorry  i am so sorry 
bleh    idk  bored out of my mind  -_-
"really happy now despite of my sunburn  new friend, list of anime to watch, cool new music to listen to  life is lookin' up!!!  laugh "
"today is gonna be a good day! started off with foo fighters - pretender, a butterscotch caramel granola bar, and feeling great!  laugh "
happy happy happy! =^ ^=
idk    really want to finish my litebright lamp but i ran out of pegs    guess i gotta go buy some more 
yahoo!!! finally fixed my keyboard   laugh  damn vista   laugh 
i feel a bit unwanted   
quite delighted at the moment  ^^ maybe i'll start painting or something again 
*sigh* laptop got another virus   
"very happy now! laptop is fixed, mcafee sucks, and i feel i should thank the russians   smile  and my mum is a digital life saver!"
so very happy with my new hair cut! x3 and i am gonna stick with this colour too   laugh 
yay guitar hero! boo broken guitar controller   
imma take another stroll outside now   laugh 
"bahhhh     very bored, i took 3 laps around the apartment complex, and i am in need of human contact    bahhhhhh      "
"just got reminded of how annoying twi-tards are, but then i remember scenes from vampires suck and i am happy again  ^ ^"
once again    didnt study    and the cat wont let me sleep    -_-'
charisma has a tumor   
furious 
i feel like i am malfunctioning   
apparently i drink my soda very accurately and delicately 
so i woke up this morning with my cat sleeping on me  =^ ^= so cute
"weird stuff, today i just found out that i don't have medical insurance "
"i want you to notice when i'm not around  you're so fuckin' special  i wish i was special  but i'm a creep, i'm a weirdo  what the hell am i doin' here? i don't belong here "
"truth is i need to be close to people, need to feel needed, not to feel like refuse "
"\i dunno but one gave me a candycane  that ones ok \"""""
lol i may have broken a toe today  laugh 
yay! my fam and i think my toe may not be broken after all! ^w^
got sick right before x-mas again -_-'
i got an xbox!  laugh  very happy 
just confirmed that trying to play 'lute hero' in fable 3 while listening to fast techno-y foreign music is a bad idea   laugh 
   fable 3 has claimed my life so much i completely forgot to eat or drink today until i was reminded    at 7 surprise 0 pm    hehehe watashi wa baka desu   laugh 
damn you lactose intolerance!!!!
sooooo    my cat killed my fable 3 disk    dx
too many people hear 'erotic' when i say 'erratic'   
"ummm    i think my parents have resigned themselves to the fact that, if left alone long enough, i could fall asleep at any time of day   annoyed  i don't know whether to be pleased or ashamed of myself "
long effing status time! 1 laugh ragons have taught me to photoshop better  2: got 2 packs of incense (a strawberry and a black <propfemale>) 3: i am going insane for no reason in particular  4: i am in a lot of pain (lol alot  laugh ) and 5: my cat seems to be afraid of soda cans today   laugh  and i finally began to draw for real this time!
 laugh  so happy i am about to e playful lode!  laugh  thank you all who are just that awesome!  laugh 
fuck you snow  fuck you so hard  i wish you were alive so i could beat the living shit out of you  fuck this winter shit 
"sega <propfemale>, oh how i miss you "
