a5f5899cd768e4b029164a743c5089a9
has a lot to learn   
has a distraction    unfortunately 
"had a ridiculous 4th of july, in a very bad way  i hope things work out well, my friend "
thinks that the financial aid offices deliberately try to make his payments late  *sigh* now he'll owe even more money 
spends a lot of time mentally choreographing elaborate fight scenes with random people around him 
wishes he could run away -even if just for a little while- with you    on an adventure!!  laugh 
is trying to decide on his very first car    any suggestions?
can't fake the foo
is wasting all his free time alone   
has nearly completed his preperation and is eager to test his mettle and join in friendly combat once again against his bond hall brethren 
needs someone to get this freakin' duck away from him! -flails-
is a blissful hopeless romantic!
"just discovered caramel apple cheescake    i'm sorry apple pie, but you have been replaced "
can't wait to clear the <propmale> in the back! watch out small trees; my blades are ready for you! >3
feels like a million bucks     are trampling over his sinus cavities!
"is ecstatic about the newly created early thanksgiving legend of <propfemale> extravaganza! <propfemale>, fun, and delicious~ness all in one day!"
"has been away from facebook for a bit, but would like to thank all of his awesome friends for the birthday wishes!! thanks everyone!"
knows something you don't! i'm not left handed!
<-- this guy is defying natural selection one risk at a time!
"\sword and zen are same\""    hm """
epic bowser versus brownman fight! there will be gun and sword pitted against tooth and claw! who will win in this timeless battle of man versus beast?! be there and find out this sunday! sunday!! sunday!!!  laugh 
is pondering the act of conversation and his lack of skills to do so     laugh 
knows everybody's gotta learn sometime 
is thinking it's time to st<propmale> another project  hm    armor? weapon? other <propmale>? all of the above?! -cracks knuckles-    let's do this > laugh 
is learning that no matter how much skill you have or planning you do life is still a coin toss 
"needs more battle!    of the swordplay variety, of course   laugh "
"is diggin' the \view friendship\"" links  oh the memories  heh """
thinks it's time to learn some unarmed combat techniques  anyone have suggestions for styles and disciplines for me to pursue? > laugh 
one more loss in a losing life doesn't hurt so bad anymore   
"so, i've been doing more reading lately  i've missed contemplating varying ideas  i've been so stuck in my own personal thoughts    running in circles  it's been nice bringing in new concepts to the mix and reading into different viewpoints on old ideas \also, i've been checking out old proverbs \??????? ??????\   (kenkou ooku no seimei -tandoku de aruku hito-)\(good health much life - man who walks alone-)"
anybody need or want a roommate? i'm considering moving out and i'm looking for some more options  i have good references!  laugh 
