694f0116cc73e1e473a4c060be7a1c7e
hello fb friends< haven't updated in a while   wussssuuuppp!!! life is greaaaat!!!!
well new years was a success!    now time to drag myself in to work!  hmm   i am glad i drank that vitamin c packet because i know it could be worse 
beautiful april <propfemale> day in <propfemale>!  loving it!
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life  set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile  smile  please play along and repost this as your status"""
once again this april has been the best weather i have e playful erienced in <propfemale> in the last 10 years!  gotta love mid 70's at the end of april!
going to <propfemale> out with my big brother one last time before he heads out to afghanistan for 14 months as a contracter making the big money! say a prayer for him!
"a soldier, sailor, <propfemale>, airman issomeone who, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check madepayable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, andincluding, their life  that is an honor; and there are way too manypeople in this country today who no longer understand that fact  copy   and paste this    if you are thankful for an <propfemale>n military member"
"i like the little \thumbs up\"" picture when you like someones status """
"a soldier, sailor, <propfemale>, airman issomeone who, at one point in their life, wrote a blank check madepayable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, andincluding, their life  that is an honor; and there are way too manypeople in this country today who no longer understand that fact  copy   and paste this    if you are thankful for an <propfemale>n military member"
"go rondo! who said he was a bad pick when he was at kentucky?   look at him now!  even though i am not a big nba fan, go celtics!"
rondo!
its friday   yes its friday   that's all i have to say  btw it's only 95 during the day right now  cone and play my friends 
"to an old teammate, classmate, friend may you rest in peace today <propmale>!  my condolences to the beaty family "
yaaaaay!!!!!usa!!!!!!!
"sitting on the beach pondering the earths greatest mysteries   \realizing i don't have a clue about how to solve them,  lol"
just won $50 playing jumbo bucks lottery after paying my electric and water <propmale>   there is a god watching over us  lord knows i needed that jump start since money keeps pouring out and trickling in lol 
top of the morning to you all! may this day bear many fruits and a sense of fulfillment in each of your lives  live each day as if it is your last 
    reflections are how we see ourselves in the mirror   to put life in perspective we need to check our reflections sometimes to see how we can change  somehow we see others in a different light trying to change them when it is really ourselves we have to stop and check  no one is perfect but we certainly can strive to be the best we can be every day    bp
"a\ little facebook fun, should be interesting   here's a task for you - i \want my fb friends to comment on this status how you met me! after this \comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same for you  you'll \be amazed at the responses you get!"
watching top shot on history channel   wow amazing finale!  anybody wanna play a game of horse?  just kidding
watching uk basketball in canada on fox sports south while working! love it! kentucky basketball in august is sweet!!!
just set up our camp site on edisto island  when i say camp i mean rv camp site    that's right camping in luxury   the only way to go; )
go herd!!! we are       marshall!!!
touchdown <propfirst>!!  first blood drawn in the coal bowl!  keep it up herd!
"that was a heck of a game against a ranked wvu!! i cant believe <propfirst> let that game \slip away!! sheesh oh well its time to root on uk tomorrow!"
thumbs up!   new season of sons of anarchy!!
geez i am overwhelmed with all the fantastic birthday wishes!! thanks everybody for making it a great day already!  i wish we all could be in one part of the us so we could have one big party but alas it will be a great day anyway here in the <propfemale> south!
had a fantastic birthday dinner with some great friends!  thanks again everybody for making my birthday special!
going kayaking on the ogeechee river today as the final part of my birthday weekend   first time kayaking adventure for me   woohoo look out lazy river 
sons of anarchy hasn't let me down yet! what a wild ride that episode gave us!
picnic in the park today is what's on my mind today   missing panic yesterday in charleston is what was on my mind but good times are to be had today!
"tuning up the ole bianchi ibex, new tubes some chain lube and a little tlc and ole <propfemale> will be back in action for me to get back in shape!"
had a blast last night at <propmale> and stacies wedding!  another one bites the dust and another down  another one bites the dust   just not me lol 
uk finally got the notch on our belt that has eluded us since the 90's   we beat <propmale> spurrier and the sc gamecocks 
"they\ say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\ question the friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke \yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live \and don’t hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, but that you \will   always love them  re-post if you have at       least one friend \like this "
can't believe that <propfemale>'s addiction lead singer <propfirst> ferrell has his own show  btw i am watching it   still can't believe all the reality shows now   nuff said
wow! another twisted an crazy plot thickening episode   can it get anymore intense?
"bear creek florida bound  a little music, camping and good friends   can't wait!!"
"on way to live oak, florida where the music rings clear and beers go down quick   look out bear creek here we come "
in <propfemale> for a bit picking up a car for a friend    meeting an old friend for lunch good times!
"i had a dream i was chasin a dragon down a hallway filled with gummi bears armed with chinese throwing stars  lucky for me they were too sticky and \gummy\"" to throw them  the dragon however was able to catch up with me and told me a story about three men and baby  sounded kind of made up till i saw the movie  true story """
   
<propfemale> christmas everyone    hope its as wonderful as ours was 
watching the blues brothers with dad  oh the good memories of high school come back   brit young and i as <propmale> and <propmale>  anybody from 95 hehs band remember?
not the status quo yo
go cats!  beat pitino and the cardinals  
way to go wildcats!  on on u of k!!
watching the goods   can't believe how realistic it is lol!! the writer must have been in the car business or knew someone in it 
go big blue!!  let's go two for two today  first bowl game and then razzle dazzle bball time   on on u of k! !
go sec!!  way to go auburn!
heading to my first cornhole tournament   should be a blast and then i get to watch 2 south <propfemale> teams play ice hockey  tomorrow night is the uga vs ga tech games   no vip tickets this year but who cares its thirsty thursday and $2 natty lights!! woohoo it can't get much better 
aargh!!  jeez what gives uk   get with the program boys! !
go cats!  keep it up  back to the basics baby !!
am loving the widespread panic live stream from athens tonight!  go panic go and go technology go   i can't believe i am listening to panic live and hearing it like i was at the show!!
"i feel happy, healthy,  and terrific!   today is gonna be a great day!"
big win for uk today!! on on u of k!   now it's time to fight for the sec title  don't let us down cats!
today is what i make of it!  if its gonna be its up to me!  i feel happy! i feel healthy!  i feel terrific!   rock it out facebook friends!
go big blue! lets make kentucky proud today!
congrats to the big blue!   great win today against florida for the sec tournament title!  now on to the big dance baby!  keep it up!
pre st patricks day! its gonna be a great day here in <propfemale>!  i love it when the weather is great and the people are too!
