c1f6c96bff187aa04f7edc368644c08c
is pursuing his goals towards the police department   as well continuing his education   jes!!!!!
is pursuing his goals towards the police department   as well continuing his education   jes!!!!!
my little <propfemale> could of turned 1   jst yesterday   (hmmmm)    birth death sad 11-22-200 smile    
"has an event on (<propfirst>  9th, 2010)   at (*the iguana* nyc- 240 west  54th street, nyc)    between (8th & broadway)   (starts at 8p m   tickets are $10 with a two drink minimum) host *<propfirst> en que*!!!!"
getting ready for the famz to swing on thru   just finishing to bit of food left to cook! shendaaaah!!! lmao!
hi 
"i'm about to head hoome and get my things together for service tonight, and prolly stop by an old friends house to see what their up too   "
is about demolish a bathroom for a construction <propmale>   
bout to demolish a bathroom for a construction <propmale>   
feeling alot like my old self again   very brave!!!
"gonna take it down now, good night facebook users'    :$"
getting my things togther for bible study   sill feeling brave   lol
trying to figure out how to get back the things i lost    
"idk   i should of just, left it alone    think very hard before poking your nose into where your heart is telling you to wander  it might decieve you as well as you ecpected it to be   "
feeling alot under the weather   idk but now my stomache is waaaaaaliiin!
on my way to vineland    
just got to vineland    wow am i tired whooa!!! lol! wit my pastor! about to minister    
"just got out of the service in vineland,nj   and now worried about ejc and brothas who were in an accident   i hope all of yah iight forealz!   "
"now riding out to head back to newark,nj from vineland,nj   with my pastor and the famz, havin a great time riding back up lol!"
at the piers just relaxing   just now in the mood to be with good company   
"thinking about a little vacation, and  hopefully it'll be a fulfilling one too  lol   "
no matter how ulgy things may appear       beauty always finds its' course to be found coming out of it somehow lol     
"can i keep feeling like this forever      (???)     (sighs)     bcuz this feeling is like, it's oooh sooo worth the suffering     (hmph)"
"tooo sick to even sleep     i'm guna try anutha shot of nyquil, see if that works lol     good-night      f b!"
just now finished watching a movie with my 2nd famz     the guzs' 
getn ready to take my meds nd fall right out       lol!
bible institute is really rockin tonight wow!!!!
"here in my brother's house reading the word, and having a peaceful moment     just dwelling with christ! shamaaah!!!"
"here in my brother's house reading the word, and having a peaceful moment     just dwelling with christ! shaahmaah!!!, j k!"
"ay senor, gracias por las situciones: <propfemale>, mala, y fea     te amo mi dios     muahz!"
just watched a video of the crew from back in the day   and boy 'o boy did it leave me with sighs and laughter lol!!! just what a brothah needs a lil laughter to cheer up my night evening good night (f b!!!)
"just now goin to bed from the service at \pregoneros de justicia\""     it was off the hook!!!! lol      c :"""
"now imma about to take it down, from a rockin service at www fdvida com   it was off the hook!!! good-night facebook  "
"sure wish i had some coffee right about now lol, this whole weekend was like the hiroshima bombing   hehehe   uhh   it was awesome "
"god is ooooh <propfemale> wonder, things are turning around just the way he predestined it    thank you lord   "
how will worship be today?     hmmm     i guess we will find out today at our 1p m practice then huh     lol   ^~^
"life is not measured by the <propfirst> of breaths we take, but the moments that take our breath away     "
"what the crap!!! i can't believe we lost!!! giants-17, philly-27     wth!!!"
"happy birthday first ladayyyyyy!!!!!!! (my spiritual mother's birthday, nori)     love you momz     "
"thanksgiving was the joooooooint!!!!     bien chever-inski yah tu sabes lol      food was great, the gathering was kool, but fellowship was awsome     mm-hmm!     so full i still can't get out of bed     lol!! ^~^"
about to rest a bit for latta tonight       huuuh! special service tonight sure can't wait       
ugh    i just wanna get warm lol  tooooooo cold   lol
"i don't think i should go to institute tonight       kindof thinking about staying home and  just      baking me some \coooookies!!!!\""   lmao!!!!   whatchu think <propmale>?! lol!"""
vigilia at pregoneros was really good     and the message     it was off the hook!!!!
"slightly upset! for my \giants\"" lost  today   38-31! how does this even happened when we have all advantages   how obsurd!!!!! sleeping on 'em \""eagles!\""   tch!!!!"""
just got home from ihop    wheeew! yoo i am sooo stuffed!!! boooyyyyy!!! i'm just done! i'm thru! stick a fork in me!!! lol!
"mom and dad are off to the airport, heading to puerto rico   god bless them on their departure, arrival, and safe return  love you guys mwa!!!"
now my wall is ready for the world to write lolz!!!!!!!
"wow! birthday was pretty much a night, not to remember!!!m lmao!!!! ( can i get an amen!!!)"
"prayer- is giving god license to interfere intervene here on earth   for it is god, who needs our body to do \his\"" will   """
sorry about the last status   i have been punk'd!!!!!! lolz
"getting ready for worship practice   @ cristian center furrows of deliverance   907-909 <propmale> ave newark, nj 07104  service starts @ 3pm  swing through and fellowship with us  god bless you "
going to a late brunch    never heard of it   lolz
"just got home from the service at faro de luz   man o' man was it off the hook!!! evg  barreto brought a killer word, \mas que vencedor!!!\""  and sistah <propfirst> barreto did her thang in the worship!!! god bless you guys!!!!"""
singing!!!!     recibe toda la gloriaaaaa!!!!!!!!! whoa!!! ooofffff the hook!!!!
<propmale> rodriguez- i will run corere
"working tonight, but my stomache is bit wierdy like "
watching the heat and spurs play     lets go spurs! lolz! (what <propfirst>!) lmao!
had a visit from the past tonight at service   ( x() man 'o man did i hate it!
goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood morning <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!! how yah doing?!
grace and kingdom worship team!
"with grace, there is a kingdom    but for those who live in law, ? what kingdom are you going to see?"
