dd2100d8a4f81581a14c28f8d7189e25
three weeks and three days til i ship off
"holy shit, im sooooo out of shape    i wont last one <propfemale> at boot camp"
bored
i dont make enough to put up with that shit
yay i get to meet the new baby next week
i get a kick out of driving standards          so much fun        so much trouble        ha
im getting a droid tomorrow           so exited
so i found im a real good shot with a rifle better than some of the guys     now how does that work? : )
oh boy    
holy cow 3 more days!!!
"9 o'clock monday morning ill be picked up and taken to the airport in k c  from there ill fly to chicago, ill get on a bus and be driven to the base in great lakes     where i will begin not only a new and promising life, but a career   who knows maybe ill love it      "
"hey everyone, so im in florida and its so amazing!!!! the weather is perfect and the beach is so fun! so far the military life is great, i really cant get enough, i love it    i can say the worst part is not getting to see all of my wonderful friends    you guys cant be replaced!!!not sure when ill be home but when i get there youll all know    i wish you were here!!!!"
well today i got to sleep in for the first time in what seems like forever and it was awesome!!!!i dont have work today so its off to the gym then the beach with my new friends!!!!!!!!1
"well everyone, ive been having alot of fun right? yea   wel about half way through my day after i got sone with volleyball i relized how much i miss my real home      this place will be home for a few months and its cool and everything but i miss you all and would really rather be back in camdenton with everyone i know and love    yes im living in florida and im feeling down!!!!"
so another day in florida and im stuck inside cleaning    oh well    i would love to come home now cuz im home sick i love you all!!!!!!
"i talked to my mom last ight so i feel slightly better, but i still wish you all could be here with me  this place is something else "
sweet so i start firefighting next week and i also find out ill be here for about three months so ill be home around july!!!!! its the best of both worlds right? well kinda!!!!
man dog duty is kinda boring    i cant leave the barracks at all  but i do get to shill with my friends   and sunday we get to have a bbq and you will find me eating to playing sand volleyball 
i dont understand why people complain so much about having to do a watch   its not like its that fu#*ng hard    all i have to say is it you have a problem with having duty and having to stand a watch then you need to get out of the military!!!!
i cant believe i missed that call   thats the worst think that could have happened   not sure when ill hear from him again!!!! sad sad sad day!!!!
so my honeys on the ship and it sucks but he called this morning and should be calling again tonight!!!
"so i cry a little more, laugh alot less and feel very lost   when i read and hear about everyone living life in the real world or others going home      i sit back and wonder why i do this    ill be alone for at least another month,,,and thats a month to long    in this place    "
so i just found out today in class that when i get to the ship i have to get qualified on a 50 cal  machine gun!!!!! how many people can they can do that???
ok so i hope everyone at home missed me because im coming home the 9th for 10 days before its off to va    woot woot no more n a s!!!!!
im excited but aslo torn   the close time gets for me to leave the more i think about saying goodbye to the friends i have made in this place! it will suck to say goodbye but its a small world as i can prove firdt hand andill see you all again    and other the other hand normal life here i come
so its friday!!!!hoo-yah but i have yet to hear from anyone about what the plans are   oh well even if this weekend is a total bust i cant complain cuz my time home willl make up for it for sure
"tuesady= last time i have to sindg that damn ao stuff, tuesday= last duty day at this command, tuesday= no more bulls#$t tuesday= offical ao tuesday=ticket home to sum it up tuesday= priceless                gone friday"
so so ill be home 10 days if anyone wants to have out you will have to rsvp because my time is going fast between my mom and family friends woot
woot woot three more days!!!!!!!
"oh snap friday is almost here and im now getting that excited, butterfly, sick-to-my-stomach feeling      wither that or im just real hungry"
"its almost time for <propfemale> call and im excited im gonna go get a suit case, start packing, stuff my face, and <propfemale> out with some of my new found friends before i leave    not to much longer now     2 and a half days       missouri here i come       im gonna burn it down like my mother taught me!!!!!!"
"newport news, new friend <propfemale>, old friend frost, my phone, and i'm bored"
this place might turn out to be ok but they say don't go out alone  hmmm that can't be good! cpr training tomorrow! woot!
cpr    put off til the 28th awesome   this means i wont know what to do in case my roommate chokes      on      cookies!!!!
mmmm cookies    maybe ill do the choking instead     
"uuummmmmm     so this sucks, i have two friends  ones on duty and the other is sitting at the table     we are in a place where we know nothin      what to do? no car, and its dark outside"
i'm gonna kick the ass of the prick next to holly  can you say dirtbag? i think so     today no longer awesome but still very priceless!
mom my friend has a gas problem    in class   should just get up and move or will i still smell it across the room? what to do? o wonder if her asshole is burning !?
"um so you ever meet someone who just has that face that make you want to hit them, even if you dont know them       well i met that person and let me tell you its hard to fight the urge     "
woot woot the work day is ove for me! gonna clean up a bit then <propfemale> and i are gonna go swimming <propfemale> out with other friends and catch a movie!!! they didnt lie when they said life would go back to normal after all the bull     hmmm but its a different normal!!!!
aha    coloring was awesome! my roommate and i are pros
oii
yay coloring book!!!!!!
hmmm what does today have in store? craziness     that's what   bring on the day i'll take it head on    
what? my friday is already started? its not even noon yet  i love this job      
in the navy     thats the only part i know to that song     but im singing it for my mom     wouldnt she be proud?
holy shit batman the ppl are cleaning our carpet and i want some ice cream     oh no!!!!what should i do?
holy cow i just remembered im going to be an aunt!!!!yay im excited    congratulation <propmale> and <propfirst>!!!!!
uummmm bored!
you very been in a situation where you have to pee but dont feel like getting up        yep!!!!!
going with <propfemale>
going for a walk
"i pee'd, i walked, i defeated!!!!"
<propfemale> just got done humping the bed     
aahhh my phone viberated
uhhhhh    who needs twitter
this just end      im hungry
ish me luck people im goin in     for the ice cream
wish not ish
everyone watch <propfemale> hollingsworth new video!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and the other one!!!!!
so i just watched my room <propfemale> try to eat a hit breadfast burrito     it was epic
yep      im gonna hurt her
hhhmmmmmmm                  
ok i wont be around my phone for awhile in about half an hour ppl    im going to <propfemale> beach!!!!!!
"i had a good night    chilled with friends, colored, and had fun   todays agenda   busch gardens, cleaning and a repeat of last night but not as long cuz i have class tomorrow    roosevelt here we come!!!!"
wait     what actually happened last night cuz thats not my flip flop?
when your first meeting people its easy to say you like them cuz you dont know them and when you finally do its even better    i dont know much about the people im meeting but my room mate is turning out awesome and anthony    well im almost to shy to try to get to know him    cuz i already like that country boy      
"when things go wrong roll with it, if you try to fight it it will only get worse, most of the time its going wrong so ten other things will go right!!! so take it all with a gain of salt and make a wish!"
hahaha        
i hate my job all of my <propmale> friends i hate everyone to the bitter end nothing turn out right theres no end in site i hate my life 
i lied i miss my friends!!!!!!!
"these days we go to waste like wine, its turned to turpentine til its 6am and im all messed up, i didnt maen to waste your time so ill fall back in line but im warning you were growing up!"
"du kannst nicht auf meinem rucken pishen unt mir sagen class es regen ist     thats yiddish for \you cant pee on my back and tell me it's rain!\"""""
az di bobe volt gehat beytsim volt zi geven maynzeyde!
all we have to do to make christian music is cross out the words in other songs and put the name jesus      
wher in the world is eveybody?  i feel like ive fallen off the face of the earth  can nobody text or even answer the phone anymore? im gonna go crazy people    crazy!!!!
"ive said all ive have to say in letters that i threw away   and you should know, please believe me, ive picked up the phone a thousand times and tried to dial your number, but its been so long and its never easy     "
"looks like im up against and long, tired, but still very good day     and then they remind you that you have cpr training    but i should get off by 1 smile 0"
woot woot hooters was fun    it was a good day
i will surely miss you <propfemale> the few hours we will spend apart will be hard but the reuniting will be amazing!!!! later bff      sad  oh gosh
ahahahahaha       fml     i need a playboy     mmmm popsicle    cold     whats uup random im heather     lets play!
well no longer feeling random      more like bored    oh please plans happen without fail    or i will go crazy    ppl suck!!
2 camels in a <propfemale> car!!!!
three day weekend and nothing to do!!!!!!!! this sucks
"so people suck   like big time  funny, they tell you trust nobody    this is why i see it now  it doesnt matter who you are or where you came from  it could be your worst enemy do to your best friend   but then again they would be your best friend doing crap like this, yes!!! i think i proved a point!!!!!!"
the whole trust thing is over rated  id rather be alone than be friends with someone i cant trust  atleast that way i know ive got my back
got to love drama huh? i think not! dont go thinkin everything will be better tomorrow cuz i doubt it! good people are a rare find and you wont find many here
come what may    im as ready as ill ever be   and ive got time
"what are we doing here, we feed off the weak to survive, we take for granted everything we are given, and we have forgotten the way       "
"without trust we are alone, with loneliness there is no love, with out love we cannot live"
mmmmmm     pickle
wow my finger hurts
"ok so the last two weeks has been made up of alot of 10 to 11 hour days at work     then sleeping lots of sleeping yet still not enough     im wore out, but theres more to come"
"soft ball game tomorrow, bbq, and co-workers, should be interesting    "
"cant talk to you cuz im ashamed, i dont know what to say or even do  this is the time to start over and show you that i can this right"
"oi, irritating day at work, failed room inspection and falling up the stairs, whats next?"
"they say all is fair in love and war but we wont need to fight it, we'll get it right and be united   and  i know someday it'll all work out and ill work to work it out and i promise you kid that ill give so much more than i get, yeah    i just havent met you yet"
i have no idea what to do today   
the greatest thing youll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return!
oh man what am i doing? im going out of my mind im so bored   
"always be yourself cuz the people that matter dont mind, and the people that do mind dont matter"
"the clack of life is but wound once, and no man has the power to tell just when the hands will stop, at late or early hour  now is the only time you own  live, love, and toil with a will  place no faith in time  for the clock may soon be still "
so people are just stupid   they think they know someone but really they have no idea    so i hope those people and get hurt cuz they are asking for it and when they do im gonna laugh    
saw inception   it was awesome     and so was the rest of today to say the least     woot woot i have a good friend and i relized today all at once jusst how much i miss my family    all of them!!!!
im tired but im to bored to sleep    im random because its entertaining but you cant be random alone   so im in a pickle    mmm pickles   
if common sense was common everybody would have it   
a sharp tongue is no indication of a keen mind
"ok so       i cant wait,,,for what i dont know but i cant     maybe its for something better"
im tired but i have so muc to do   why cant life be a little easier? people suck!!!
so im moved in to my new room   its nice    and ive already made new friends but ive learned that you cant put your full trust in people right away    now its time to relax and hope it keeps getting better!!!!
cant wait for tomorrow      its gonna be friday    im going to see a movie   then im ganna chill with my girl <propfemale> at my new place   what ever else the weekend bring is to be decided     smile 
well   waiting for my friend so we can go see our movie    just layin around eating ice   maybe ill take a nap    
it was nice to get off of work at 12   my new division isnt so bad   they are really helping me out to get my stuff done
      oy'vey
gonna chill with my girl cyngier     she pretty much the poo!!!  smile 
and rather than flaunt my style id flash you a smile of clean <propfemale> whites   
golf and alcohol dont mix and thats why i dont drink and drive   
"this life just might be the one i was made for   good job, great friends, and a loving family   yes there may be some drama but you'll have that anywhere you go    life is grand    live it up!!!!!!!!!!!"
ok so life is good    labor day weekend im heading to d c  after duty to see some family with my homie    natalia     and this week should be filled with fun just has i have planned
bored out of my mind but i dont want to do anything
"long, long day at work      now what"
damn they want to make me famous!!!!
"so they said if hurricane <propmale> move just a few more <propmale> in this direstion then we could be screwed    awesome, so glad i got my oppertunity to live near the beaches     "
woohoo   im in d c  chillin with my homie <propfemale> and my awesome cousins <propfemale> liu and christopher   what else could i possibly right now???
three years later and we all picked up where we left off   thats the best!!!!
"we;; d c  was awesome today just as it was yesterday   i had fun with <propfemale> and amanda    the sites were amazing, the day was beautiful and the company was perfect   but its almost time to go home   sad "
i just have to ask why?
when life hands you lemons most make lemonada    i on the other had make a full-cousre meal    
"d c  was awesome i missed my aunt, uncle and three cousins so much!!!! i can wait to see my mom, dad, and sister now!!!"
i miss the family so much!!!!!i cant wait til march!!!!!
well we just cleaned all our spaces so now we  wait     gunner said he heard good things about me when it comes to working my ass off!!! that could be good!
is there really a means to an end????
gonna go to the beach to watch the sunset tonight 
so its taken me a long time to relize there was some reason my mother would get mad when i didnt take her advice    she said she been through all of it and told me how it would turn out   she was always right    take your moms advice it will save you the trouble
"if anyone knows me better its her, if anyones cared more   its her, and if i need someone to run to its her      leah chandler smart"
oh youll never guess what happened this morning    
"my girl <propfemale> is back from leave    tonight   passion party!!! girls only, should be intersting"
oy    duty tomorrow! i hope its not as boring as im thinking it will be    7am tomorrow to 7 am sunday   24 hours on the ship   woot woot
"well 24 hours, striping and waxing 2nd from 0800 to 1330, 2 drills, 1 fod walkdown, and 0130-0630 watch  id say duty was long but productive to say the least"
my kid sister is 12 today    man she is growing up so fast an im missing most of it thanks to the navy!!!! this sucks
god love that kid!!!!
grrrrrr
yes out of 4 bowling games i got 1 strike   high score   58    ha    yea
ugh    its just been one of those days    i would love to talk to my mom but the problem is i dont know what about    maybe i just miss home   i miss you guys
yea i def  need to go home march please hurry
"to all the hates that didnt think i could make it    look at me now, in the military and living life while you are doing what? the same think you were doing when i left   "
just ate easy <propmale> now its time to try to sleep    night all
whos bored??? i am!!!!!!!
"well today was a fantastic day but i could really tell you why, im lovin' the mood in   and im ready for work tomorrow   "
when people say they are having a bad day just tell them it couldnt be better actually simply because they are still breathing
fml
well i hope the weekend is fun    we shall see 
dont you just love it when people think they are sneaky and can get away with anything     well those people are stupid   to the <propmale>
well my weekend was just awesome for the most part   i now believe i have strep throut     fabulous     in any case this coming weekend is all lined up for tons of fun    woot woot     i love good people
well i have the strep      dang
where is my mom when i need her?
i really dislike people that think its cool to make up stories and screw up something good    those people can go to hell
couldnt get my damn flu shot today cuz of this fin strep    im miserable
"cry with someone, its more healing than crying alone \\if a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldnt be in it "
"when it comes to going after what you love, dont take no for an answer"
"your job wont take care of you when your sick, your friends and parents will  stay in touch "
"we try to be tough and act like we can handle anything life throws at us, but we need to remember that we are only human "
i feel even more crappy today than i did yesterday    what the hell
"i could go for some mashed potatos and gravy , with crunchy and grilled chicken and a root beer from kfc right now"
i hate being sick it only makes me bored
return to work tomorrow   i hope it wont be a long day  pt at 5 in the morning
"rain, rain, flooding, and more rain for 2 days now  and its not letting up, lovely  i wish it would stop or atleast move to cali, they need it more than the east coast"
cant wait til march so i can say homeward bound 
"home  is what you make it, so why doesnt this place feel right yet?"
on my own and living large   this isnt a bad life at all  i hopw i made you proud mom
i stood watch for an extra hour and a half didnt get to go to bed til 3 had to get up at 6 andsomeone ate my burrito  i  better get off going of all hell will break loose today its all ready starting to 
got my burrito and ate it too    it was good just what i needed
my brother and sister in-law are having a girl!!!! im so happy for them!!!
good day at work    now its time to relax   
im stronger than you think   just wait and see    
i hate stupid people they piss me off so much
oh eff i think i might be coming down with something   
what a wonderful night   
what does tonight have in store? we shall see! i hope its enjoyable
"well im sitting at home,,,,and im bored  mondays suck when you dont have to work"
oh so bored
going to the beach tonight just because it sounds nice    i miss the family
"dear family, mom, dad, dj, <propfemale>, <propmale>, other animals, and maybe dillone, <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>, i miss you all so much and i cant wait to see you in march  being away this long has been hard but its growing on me    i love you all and ill see you soon!!!! love me!!!!!"
"so i cant sleep   to much on my mind, and not sure what to do or say    oy' i could use your advise mom    right about now"
not looking forward to duty tomorrow   if i ever go to sleep i hope i wake up to a good day    im gonna need it
oyyy''''
dear anyone i thought talking about how you feel was supposed to make you feel better  so tell me what am i doing wrong?
duty       just as i thought i got walked all over again  last watch and <propfemale> working party ad i only get 5 hours of sleep wtf plus work after that
well im on watch muber 2  im so tired and kinda angry off watch at 0800 then i go to work great
long day at work  im glad it over
<propfemale> is for sure making up for the last 2 days    my mom helped too   love you guys
well cant sleep again    
well im almost done working after this luch date with (blank) pick up <propfemale> clean up go shopping and get a bed  then we let the good time roll
i love me even if you dont
at the spa with my girl <propfemale>  they are touchin my feet oh boy
im ready
well isnt this nice
last night was craptastic     for really how can one dog shit so much????
soup ass and shopping woot woot
i could really go for a big slice of home with side of back the hell up
so it was not a good day at all and this whatchamacallit isnt helping maybe the starburst will or even the chips n salsa
"and that should do it     hmmmm @ <propmale> smart, still not fat"
someone save me from this place
wish i could go home and i could if there wasnt more impostant things to attend in march
"this week at work   seabag inspection, weigh-ins, prt, duty and whtever else in between    its going to be a long week people"
dog shit     awesome    not
"weigh-ins where today, 118lbs @ 5 foot, prt tomorrow"
cant wait til the weekend
mmmm ice cream and a movie
"well i passed my prt woot woot, now i can focus on other things"
"i work my ass off, not because im trying to prove something to you but more to prove to myself that i can"
holy hell  paranormal activity 2 scary as shit yo    2 thumbs but but man im afraid to be alone right now
moives
why am i so bored?
"when you feel like the whole world is against you jsut sit back and laugh, because while you may not get what you want you still have your life and that is enough to look forward to"
bad luck only comes to those that except it
hahaha (tears) : (
laughing is a different story when you actually feel like the world really is against you
"what do you do when you dont the way out? you cant run from your problems, but talking about them doesnt fix it either   "
uh oh the news is broken oh snap
"i dont have time for people like you   the ones who think they are the most important, well little do you know your just a waste of my time      get some assholes"
"while you sit there and try to figure out where you went wrong i already know, so ill be busy moving on"
movie night with the best girl ever  the boys come home tomorrow
"i was planning on porting some really cool on facebook, unfortunatly i have nothing to say  so ill try again later"
what is the point in making us stay at work if for 1 we have no work and for 2 we dont have enough people to do work even if we had work to do? makes no sense
epic fuckin fail
i knew something was bound to mess up my day it just took longer than usual
being bored sucks people
busch gardens today should fun
well i think i'm the wheel tonight  great
tonight didn't turn out so bad  i think tomorrow the haunted house will be worse
"i wonder why people do and say what they do but don't realize that maybe just maybe they should take there own advice  on some really shit, its pissing me off"
don't try to run my life when you can't even run your own
haunted house tonight    
in the end we ate all just lines of chalk on the concrete just waiting to be washed away
omg i think the haunted house scared the shit out of me
i need to go home  you always learn the hard way that your the only person who can truly take care of yourself  if that's the case try with anyone else?
when can the face of the world just fall off
only i can do me  
maybe it's time to change and leave it all behide
"if water was vodka and i was a duck i would go under and never come up, bur water isn't vodka and i'm not a duck so pour the damn shot and shut the f%#k up"
<propmale> to the mess deck
gonna shine my boots then go to bed
the difference between u and i is ur weak and im not  i make mistakes but u cause disasters  watch out here comes the end of ur world and the beginning of mine 
"when you feel like the whole world is crashing down dont give up the fight, ou will come out alive, on top and not alone"
12 hour shifts suck but i have the next 2 days off work    time to make it count
i want to thank those who served to let us have our freedom i hope to follow in the same path  thank you to my family for supporting me and believing i could make it this far
today is veterans day  ihop 20% off for military applebees free chili's free subway free sweet
it's hard to find good people like really good people i have now learned that the best people are your family
people will mess with you as much as possible if they arent happy with there lives but what they dont know is whats coming to them will be much worse and im the end all that matters is your life is still good
what more could you ask for when everything is really going right   im at the top of the world with everything i could ask for and the support of my loved ones right up there with me
q: where should i put this?
squid pro quo lol
how much wood could a wood<propmale> <propmale> if a wood<propmale> could <propmale> wood?
i hope i don't need surgery   ill know storly
"your stupid, im great, end of story     next question"
"i shall tell them everything, you think you cant lie right to peoples faces and get away with it but you cant and i will see to it  it will be you who causes yourself misery though   "
"to my loving family, happy thanksgiving  im sorry i cant be there i wish i could, home is where the heart is and mine is still in missouri  i cant wait to see you all and im counting down     be safe, and send love"
 sad  my fingure hurts real bad
it is at this moment that i wish i was home
for at this moment my family is everything and people just don't seem to understand that
"mama said home is where the heart is when i left that town, made it all the way to west va and that's where me heart found exactly where i'm supposed to be"
when i can't be strong for myself my family is string for me and #1 is my mom without her i would be where i am today so for that i am thankful
long day at work  time to relax 
omg im so bored if i was home i know i wouldnt be cuz i would be woth my crazy family    god love em i know i do!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i miss <propfemale> the pet raccoon too    
"woot woot, i get to meet rjsa this weekend thanks to my awesome friend"
wow so my night just got better  i cant belive its been 13 yrs since ive seen him and a few years since we have talked    awesome
"i am thankful for my family, my friends, my job and all the love    and the pain that comes with it just lets us know we are alive   so im thankful to wake up every morning "
"its rainin men hallelujah its rainin men,amen, im gonna go out and myself get absolutly soakin wet     lol"
feels like home   breakfast after the club   ill be thinking of you mom
my life is amazing  i have a wonderful supportive family  great friends  a good job  what more could i ask for things are turning up  no bad people in my life 
"this weekend ihop, ice skating, museums in d c , bowling, jamestown, williamsburg, dinner, movie and more"
oy' vey
ask me any question in my inbox and ill answer it
"i dont understand why pregnant females smoke    i guess they are just down right stupid,,,why do  you drink while your at it"
i'm cold i don't feel good and i'm late for work    today should be interesting
just smile and knod
when everything goes wrong go right then your in the clear and everyine else is left with the mess they made
sleepy
ill play the number game because i'm off work and bored
#11789- i think your pretty cool  you were friends with my brother in school so it wasn't allowed by him to be friends but we were and your funny 
#7 5- you my friend ate the poo   lol its been awhile since i've seen you but i enjoyed chillin when we did
#14-you make me feel amazing and i smile whenever i think about  i miss you and all the memories we made wish i could have it back 
#1-you don't get enough credit you me me with no strings attached i love you for that  your the best
#86-your funny and you make me laugh  an you like the same things i do   cars
#89-i have to like you family but your awesome
#350- brownies
#25-i miss you so much you are family and pretty darn great
let it snow let it snow let it snow
whoo     20 days and counting you know what that means    
its snowing     hard
ice cream?
mmmmm boston cream pie
he's at work and i'm so bored
"life is good, revenge is sweet, guilt stresses, stress suck, love is unstoppable, family is forever, a pictures worth a thousand words, and memorys last a life time   just dont forget what you live for ad where your from, thats truely what defines us  so live, laugh, and love   "
"luner eclipse at 240 am, 14 hrs laters the winter solstice    first time in 372yrs that they happen on the same night    cool"
"ummmmm     yea, wide awake and bored   not a fun combo"
life is bigger than who we are
there's so much snow    
"oh boy, oh boy, oh boy     1 day and a wake up"
wow so tomorrow night will be epic the big 2 1   i cant wait   
"partyin hard tonight at saddle ridge,,,mom, <propfirst>, dad, <propmale> and dj well i wish you guys were here   cant wait for the do over at fort awesome"
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well my birthday was awesome    going out again tonight so we can dance and ride the bull    ladies night no cover and free bull rides
my girl <propfemale> is going to ride the bull too   i think shes more excited than i am   we know no embarrassment
it must be love
mechanical bull round 1-10 seconds mechanical bull round 2-3 seconds good times
i hope hey dont send him
i hope they dont send him
new schedule starts monday    12 and 2   fml on 12 off 2 why? well its all good 3 weeks and its back to my div  so normal hours here i come
omg im so bored without him    why does he have to work nights?
jello shots and shot glasses made out of juice just are not keeping me occupied but 21 is fun   
"to bored to drink, is that even possible?"
the boyfriend an i are going to run away from the world tonight for awhile   i cant wait to spend quality time with him
i have to get away from here
people that assume that other people think they know it all muct be in doubt and its those people that should think before they open there mouth cuz if they dont they will wake up and find themselves to be in a shit storm with no easy way out
grrrrrr
hhhmmmmm    what to do what to do i just dont know
"you only really get to know a person after a fight , only then can you judge their true character"
hmmm ballroom dance lessons    sounds fun
"i cant wait to go home and see my family, nor can my boyfriend   meet the parents   wont be anything short of interesting lol"
i hope that my wonderful boyfriend knows just how much i care about him   i miss you! have a good night hun ill see you in the morning!!!!
its amazing how bored i can get when hes not around
i feel like crap
"march is just around the corner  i cant wait to go home to my family with my wonderful boyfriend,,,"
still cant believe im a mommy to be
well it seems everyone wants me to have a girl  i cant control it but i can hope for it   
im craving mexican food
"well ive got the baby names out of the way   whats the next step, wait i guess"
"i love my family alone with jered    your all amazing,!!!"
"so ive run out of things to clean, jered i wish you werent at work!!!  sad "
well here we go again another day of not feeling good   that's the price i pay i guess
"it doesnt matter how much you do for someone, because the second you want to relax and do what you got to do they get pissed and thats all they see, so from now on its going to be jered me and the baby that ill worry about  nothing is worth the stress anymore!!!"
well not sure if we want to stay at this apartment complex or if we want to look at military housing instead   all we know is that we need two bed rooms so we cant start building our nursery    
i cant wait til monday its going to be wonderful!!!!
well the boyfriend is off to work so because i dont want to be stuck in the apartment im gonna go sing with <propfemale> tonight should be fun
wish i had some peace and quiet  i have a head ache and i'm just fed up
i one thing after another
ok mom i see now why you said it would be a good idea to be in our own place   
best night ever! !!!!!
"i feel far from good this evening    who was the wise guy that decided to call it \morning\"" sickness"""
rain!!!!
i can't be the only one who feels this way    
well behaved women rarly make history 
life is a gift not a given right
congrats <propmale> and ash on your baby! glad to hear your home <propmale>
going home thursday and jered is going to cant wait
2 more days ans ill be home with my family  can wait jered an i are going to hannahs school  yay
i wich it was thursday already im so pumped
tomorrow at 11 ill be on the flight home!!!!
"<propfirst> sheen 47, is all over the news beacause he's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy may 25, are soliders who gave their lives this week w  no media mention  please honor them by posting this as your status for a little while  may they rest in peace"
in about 3 and a half hours ill be home bound
im now sitting at the airport with jered waiting for our flight to my home!!! excited doesnt do justice
waiting for our flight to st  <propfirst>
enjoying my time home  and the family likes jered! yay and just when i thought it couldn't get any better it did
snow   really?
so happy right now
i'm feeling somuch better now! time to eat then its back on the road
i still can't believe we are engaged  i'm so excited
i'm hopinh for the best and plaaning for the worst but up can't plan for something like that 
: (
"i'm praying for my baby, myself as well but my main concern is the baby"
11 hours at the hospital no food the last 12 hours  worse than ever a still no results  god help me!!!
"thank you everyone for your love prayers and concern  just update you all the end result was not good\ recovering from surgery now "
i hate this awful feeling of just empty  its had to think about  we can't just get better and move on move on like nothing happened  i love you jered 
i feel so empty
i feel so empty
"we didnt really know you but you were a big part of our lives you werent with us long and we never saw you face, got to hold you or even give you a name but we loved you all the same  your an <propfemale> now and we will never forget what could have been    3-29-2011   rip"
i can wait to go home and spend the rest of the day with my wonderful fiance
"i can honest tell you that im happy with my life   i have a steady job, a roof over my head, food in my belly, a caring family and the most wornderful, loving, big-hearted fiance    i am thankful"
i miss him already
im hoping to see the rest of my mil pay by tomorrow
so my brother just told me and <propfirst> that he loves gonorrhea
"jered comes home late tonight, i cant wait to see him"
im thinking ihop
"the first time we met my stomach was filled with butterflys, the first time we held hands i smiled, the first time we kissed my heart sank, the first time we said i love you i knew right then that it was the start of something wonderful and everlasting  i get the same feelings to this day    your amazing mr  jered gonzalez"
wow this guy i work with cracks me up when he starts singing to panpora       lmao
i think its time to say goodbye to facebook    to save on drama
i wish i had an easy button
well its friday and i have nothing to do this weekend    mhmmm that suck    what to do? what to do?
i have a feeling today is going to drag   and  tomorrow  up for work at 430   watch til midnight
