7f0e5d048fa46c380f994515f438bc84
is playing kingdom hearts re-chain of memories~~! for any video game nerds 
has had some nostalgic encounters today   playful 
was an epic fail at (not) getting his driver's license today  laugh 
has been forgetting what day of week it is   playful 
finnally got them pictures up!  so to all my cousins chek em out 
"is like omfg it was storming like a mother a few minutes ago, almost a frickin tornado~!  0_0"
loll i am now officially profesor chandrrpandrrr 
feels like smelly pudding   
"knows that everyone knows, but, wtf to <propfirst> <propmale>'s death, it's kind of scarey "
holy shmack transformers 2 was amahaaazing!!! and shia la bouf was da pimp    laugh 
got a frickin new phone today!!!  fiiinally after like 3 years of deprivation    it's a sony ericson yo  laugh 
you know what the say   all toastas toast toast~
has pieces of broken glass inside his mind 
"is in south caronlina right now and went to the beach for like, 5 mins    playful "
oh yeah <propmale> potsmoker and the halfblood <propmale> was pretty amazing  > laugh 
holy shyt there was a solar eclipse in bangladesh!!!
opened a fortune cookie that said 'you have an important new business development shaping up '   btdubbz!
is sick as a dog even though its summer  annoyed 
has got <propmale> sniffles and the flu  :-*p
is officially an employee of subway!!!  sweet success!!!
is f-ing 332 over the limit in texts from the phone <propmale> he got today  that's $33 20  > annoyed 
"is back from his first day at subway son!  i was pretty amateurish but i can make subs now, i'll hook you up with discounts   laugh "
"is confused about a decision for his class in college: should i take <propmale>, music, or astronomy?"
is viewing the world from a mountaintop 
wonders if its bad that he's already slightly distressed with work?  >_> 
"is saying goodbye to his sibling and more sadly, the cat "
*deep breath*  tomorrows the big day !!
"---okay <propfemale> state, here i come "
"is dying of lack of sleep and food from school today, but teh no skewl tomorrow! sleeping in only to wake up and make sub sandwiches -_-;"
just watched district 9 holy fike!!
"is fasting from the things he loves and is addicted to---a k a  music, facebook, video games, etc  it's about fasting with yo spirit; ramadan mubarak and good luck ya'll  wink  "
had the first iftaar party last night  playful 
feels used as a napkin 
feels used as a diaper 
will find his own way---wolvereine 
served an actual deaf person at work today    laugh 
has over an hour to do nothing in the library    playful 
is snooping  as usual you see 
omg omg i'm getting a mazda 6 2006!!!!!
"took a cruise in the coche yesterday, too bad he doesn't have till tuesday to get the license >x(  "
"somehow got his license today even though the lady was yelling at me that everything i did was completely wrong; but i'm happy, cuz an eye for an eye  > smile "
"\a true friend will stab you in the front \"""""
semi-made some shrimp pasta for the first time today   with some miso soysauce >> laugh  ~
needs to go to a random place and write a narrative description about its scenario for engrish   where should i go  ??
"has an uber exam on monday for psychology, and will actually study for like, the first time "
is wishing eid mubarak ya'll!!!  'tis a rainy one   :~)
is officially working simultaneously at two different subways now! moar moneh  $$$
veridis quo=> veri disquo=> very disco=> discovery!!! ?
loves the feeling of autumn's twilight 
"thinks inglorious basterds is one strange whacked up yet amusing movie, not to mention hitler dies!  oh btw this status contains spoilers    rahul parekh maanu mansuria"
's gonna slap-slap all his troubles away with the slap chop!  i promise <propmale> will make all your problems go away 
is getting totally fiked up by this complicated computer programming project   procrastination adding to the fact it's due tomorrow may be a side factor     annoyed 
"officially is no longer a hairy sasquatch, as he's fiiinally shaven!  sad "
had the strangest encounter with very weird and cynical man in the bathroom this morning (supposedly professor) who randomly started talking to me and laughing about how i fix my hair!!  surprise ;   
just came back from his first study session  laugh    dam calculus~
dayum facebook-aholics   cept me   laugh 
hates family sht
likes writing behemoth of messages  > smile 
hates the bittersweet taste of failure  :-z
"never realized the true amplitude of pressure with studies, 'til now   though i believe there's more to come  annoyed  "
"is really getting annoyed w status msgs asking for attention, spamming my homepage; no, this one doesn't count, i'm trying to make a point  playful  "
is chillin' to some mellow 
just saw one of the craziest a$$ shyt; if you want to get blown away with real footage and alien abduction shyt watch fourth kind!!!!
"'s life's kinda sucking seeing as he's going to turn in his paper late for critical thinking, which happens to be 40% of his grade   that's okay, only the very future to his most desired college is at stake here  > >"
good god it's a strange feeling to think someone you actually knew once is gone forever   r i p  <propmale> weable
lost one of his closest friends 
is fiiinally free as a bird in completing the last wretched final!!! (only to be going to bdesh in 2 days)
will in a few hours be looking down at ya'll in the sky 
"saw one of the if not the most amazing movie: 3 idiots   it literally made me laugh, cry, and inspired "
"facebookaholics need a better hobby not to mention a life, especially posting statuses everyday hour for attention  dayum  "
"needs you, facebook, to quit distracting me from physics hw due by 11oclock ftw!"
got caught speeding by a cop for the first time   80 on a 55 on the highway--that's normal!  sad 
"stayed on campus from 8 am-6 pm today, doing a labreport for 4 hours which he doubts will even get decent passing result---the fallacy of procrastination  sad  "
was apparently in the same house with the parents of the creator of youtube last night only to realize it half way home!!11!! d:<  
is thinking perhaps to drop physics  sad  
turned in his lab report this time--after another 4 hours in the library--legitimately finished and edited   i haven't felt so accomplished for an assingment in a while!!!  x-)
"is cherishing what he's missed for too long now *3 years*, after much suffering of <propfemale>'s bipolar weather---snow!!! who knew i missed you so much "
"valenshyt's day---a day when you give more or less fake-hearted gifts to your partner, and also when supposedly a saint fell in love   surprise "
"forgot to bring his wretched phys  lab journal, having to drive 20 <propmale> back home only get his journal and turn it in by 5 surprise 0---what's with this class!!!??"
"had high hopes to actually go somewhere in athens tonight, til plans were killed so that i have to stay for another bangali dawaat   >_>"
"got f-ing prank called about dorms by someone of the name 'susmita'   and i'm pretty sure it's someone i know, so tell me if your reading this!!"
"so i came back from a job interview and they said yes, but i have to come back for a 2nd interview   bs!!!!  d:<"
"so apparently, it happens to be that the job which was too good to be true is just a huge scam    sad   i'm still in desperate need of a job though---any suggestions    !??"
"wonders if you knew that \desserts\"" is \""stressed\"" spelled backwards!??  it's time to stuff my face with brownies!!!! x-))"""
"\i feel like a pig shat in my head \"" that's a real google search template! try it!!! :83"""
is overwhelmed by alllll the people who made my 19th awesomme! thanks yaa'll---i love ya guys :-} (sorry if i don't get to half of the 50 replies btw)
is chilling in the polis of indiana  laugh 
"loves meeting people in different countries!  it's like, being in another part of the world at the same time   like    e-penpals    yeah   :-3"
"people who use looks as a weapon flash around a gun with no ammo, because personality is the bullets  so if you pick a book with an attractive cover, you may find that it has blank pages "
"isn't very fluent in politics at all, but from what he knows, people who fervently are against this healthcare <propmale> are selfish and heartless to want it all for themselves and not spread the  love  to the 'slumdogs'   for everyone to deserve a cut, we should be willing for some sacrfice   smile "
"is back from alive at 25 defensive driving course thingy (4 hours long and at 9am on a saturday)   now all that's left is 20 hours community service, 2 <propfemale> essay, and $360 speeding fine   w00t!  annoyed "
just signed up for a non-profit environment and human rights job     for <propfemale> work on his speeding ticket haha    laugh 
got the flucking job wtfwjd!!!! what now bliotches  laugh   laugh  hellooo environment and human rights campaigns and 9-15$ per hour!!! looks like now i can buy those plane tickets :') :') :'d
"\98% of teens would be dead if twilight said breathing wasn't cool  copy and paste this if you're the 2% who would be laughing \"""""
"~r i p  the untold legened, jun seba<~>nujabes   you're music will live forever as a timeless message to the eccentric musicians ~       other than that, this new ps3 is rocking my socks!!!!!  it does anything!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
rode like six rollercoasters at the gsu six flags night despite acrophobia!!!  laugh  (thanks to rahul parekh ) but he got his flucking phone stolen!!!!!
"is undergoing finals pwnage at the moment, so please leave a message and i'll get back to you after they're over  ^ ^"
at that final exam whole!!   laugh  now i just have prepare getting thrown into work full time starting tomorrow    
"had a prettty awesome first day on the environmental-job, oh and, not to mention   i somehow got promoted to field manager the first day?!?!?  awesome start!!!!"
got fired   one week job fail lmao!!!  it's cool tho because i've got my 20 hours community service out of the way now  wink 
"has initiated the journey to the new age, and, uhhhhhh     summer school   ^ ^;"
"doesn't like those who are proud, for god doesn't favor them  -my grandpapa"
"thinks if you want to see the lowest form of stupidity in human life, go to the facebook homepage and read people's statuses "
"had a strange dream he was in teotihuacan-the city of the gods, while it was ominously storming as he held a strange artifact, and approached the pyramid of the sun    wonder what it means?"
"is getting curry sauced and pwned with masala at the moment, with an overdose of mango chutneyyy ~ smile d"
"anyone willing to see serj tankian july 9??? someone who actually knows who he is and likes him!! there are 6-ish tickets left, let me know before i'm forced to make a decision and buy them   annoyed "
"saw the most amazing concert of epic proportion of serj tankian on friday, with meron ghidey!!!!!!!!  btches!!!  (i also cut my hair after 4 months)"
"heard nujabes, the song minmi, on the radio today (<propfemale> tech station)   it was enlightening to hear it, to see light in the darkness, like finding a <propfemale> in a heap of feces, the feces of mainstream music, if you didn't guess "
"is tired of fakeness and has given you one too many chances for forgiveness   in the end, there's no to trust but myself   the past is gone   playful "
"thinks, holy shat---inception may perhaps be the best movie he's seen  i haven't seen a movie that made me ponder this much of reality, in a long while    maybe this isn't real, maybe it's a world my subconscious created???  watch it and everything'll make sense "
"wonders wahat's for dinner   mah boy, he's so hungry he could eat an octorok   not tuna though, i don't want a boring life   (at least that's what <propmale> says! > laugh )"
"thinks that omg, kickass was pretty kickass   but hit girl was the sh!t!!!     girl!"
"is off to the world of disney tomorrow, for real: a 10 hour road trip to florida, <propfirst> mouse, goofy, sora---this'll be the trip of a lifetime    smile "
thinks <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world was a trip!!! the final fantasy reference cera made was awesome; i'm sooo living my life like a video game  =^ ^=
"is gonna <propfemale> out in the darkness till he finds where to go next   next stop, into twilight   "
"thinks the day the reality of such a foul dirty (can't even find as much a malignant word for it) act dealing with the pastor and the qu'ran comes true, we're a step closer to man's demise  better memorize the qu'ran before they do something more crazy"
needs a place (apartment dorm) to stay   anyone know any available?  or about roomies?
just chuckled his bunker watching <propfirst> the movie   hacking awesome!!
just had a 3-4 study session on calc ii   and there is yet to see more of its brutality
"is in hot pursuit of a job, possibly resorting to teh subz again if neccessary    where else could i apply??"
"watched the coppercab <propfemale>'s don't have souls video and feels bad for gingers, if that's all true   i sympathize   "
"like finally has a phone after 2 weeks of being deprived of one  and my old phone died so i lost everyone's digits--and i don't wanna start one of those gay group thingys--so if you see this and have my number, text me with your name plz!!! and don't get pissed if i don't reply  laugh      kthnxbai  : laugh "
"went to a job interview yesterday that wasn't too bad  the lady gave me the impression i was qualified until she said \we'll let you know tonight as there are 24 more candidates and we pick the top 4 \"" t__t i was this close   """
"is thinking gee, it sure is boorrring around here   i wonder what ganon's up to on a friday night like this?"
has a jawb nao!!!      i think
"felt dizzy and wobbly [and tipsy] after drinking cough syrup the other night, and then my mom said that's because there's some alcohol in it   ftw?"
is witnessing a crazy snowstorm resulting in no school (for perhaps a week?) and e playful eriencing tribulations in his family   so please keep them in your prayers 
is gonna start his job of tutoring little kiddies online as of tomorrow!!!  > laugh   not to mention he got a haircut---after 6 months ftw 
just finished his first tutor session and     kinda enjoyed it   laugh 
the social network has change his perspective forever of facebook everytime he logs in   and of success 
is ending this tirade of procrastination once and for all    soon 
"made some veggie soy burgers from scratch for the first time, and i mean down to the actual granules of soy, spices, etc   and it tastes like meat  laugh "
"the misunderstood are often times doing things much greater than those who frown upon them     only, such ideas are yet hidden in the dark and haven't met their calling yet "
had a legendary boisey reunion with <propfemale> after more than 3 years   the ultimate boisey meeting of the presidents  laugh  
"rode his bike after about three years, and actually walked to the gas station to pump air in it   it was great  laugh "
"the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again e playful ecting different results; so by definition most people are insane, probably including most of you here   it's the heart of human ego and the truth that fuels the system   "
"'watch out for guys that can cook for themselves, they'll give you trouble till the day you die '  it's true, watch out ladies   wink  happy valenshyts day!"
