4db910a54cbe0eff9e29ec07f2bd521c
cried out and ready to live
creativeambitionsfashion com
"putting gulf coast creative ambitions fashion show together, in the beginning stages of the production process and seeking involvement from those interested in being a part of the event!"
getting through the holidays
will it be a green xmas? $]  would be nice
"so much to do, so much i want   "
what a feeling   
"great new year: stayed in the same hotel as lil <propmale>, got to dance and make some dollars and look at hot guys, and to top it all off i got to make this trip with a great friend!  love "
looking towards the future
wants a better feeling   looking to the future
"ready to love, live, and be happy   "
his name is in my head   
i'm going to melt all over him   
ready for more   
"gimme more fun, excitement and love   "
is going to give his all in every aspect of life   
has never felt so lonely   and productive   
is done stressing over everything and everyone   
"*casting runway models* creative ambitions night of fashion feb  5-6 2010 12noon-1 surprise 0pm northwest florida state college lrc building room 128 casting local models for fashion show taking place may 7, 2010 arrive early contact sweet tea 850-758-7541 teasweetproductions@yahoo com"
will find happiness somehow   
likes to have certainty in his life   
is gaining control over his life   
will figure it out   
is too e playful ressive sometimes   
is so into it   
is stepping it up and enjoying life   
has his wheels turning   
loves staying active  
*model search*  local fashion show  ~casting~male and female runway models february 5-6th 2010 12noon-1 surprise 0pm northwest florida state college niceville campus lrc building room 128 *<propmale> to appear in event commercial contact* <propfirst> smith: teaproductions weebly com 850-758-7541 creative ambitions night of fashion  american cancer society fundraiser *relay for life
is loving life   
is handling his business   
is planning for the future   
is getting deeper and deeper   
is gonna stay true to what makes him happy   
making the commercial for creative ambitions night of fashion!!! ;p
is taking the lead   
can feel the universe moving around him   
is always on the go   
always puts it down like he should   you should too 
auditioning models for the creative ambitions night of fashion!! today!!today!!today!! 12noon-1 surprise 0pm  northwest florida state college niceville lrc building room 128
is gonna put it down like he 'pose to   regardless if anyone else does 
always puts it down like he 'pose to   
is falling deeper and deeper   
can feel it happening   
feels like he's flying!
can feel it happening   
is too good to be false   
just is   
is geting deep into it   
getting deep into it   
is on his business   
is so feelin life right now!!
"is always on the go, wrapping up the week with sponsors and planning photo shoots while staying on top of school   still enjoying this week off of work but need to find a place to stay   i hate money "
is ready to be done with it all and enjoy life   things never go the way you'd like them to but sometimes turn out the way it should 
"is so misunderstood and done with it all, he's all that matters to me now   "
just can't get enough of him   
is moving   
is flowing through life   
is so raw   
is so hard   
has to find a place to live   
"is refocused and on the move, stay out of my way and try to keep up bitches "
is finding his way by himself   
has to find a way by himself   really need a place to live   
will love life again   
is so in love with him   it hurts   
"is under construction   i'm so focused now   my mind is so juggled but my vision has never been clearer, the energy within me will power me towards happiness   i will have what i want, get ready   "
is regaining homeostasis and feeling alive   love makes life worth living 
i can see it   
is worth everything and more   even if he owns nothing    
is in neutrual transit   crossroad   
is holding on   
just wants everything to flow   
"is taking a nap then hitting work at 2 smile 0-6 smile 0   gotta train in mobile friday and saturady, gone from 10am-9 smile 0pm and 7am-5pm   off a lot next week; have so much going on, i need reliefe and a place that feels like home   i need the dyl!"
why do i always want what i can't have?   i need control 
needs to feel progression   
will see how things play out   hopefully like a dream   
~ghost man~
i grind but i'm not a hustler   make my due the best way i can
"is so tired of being broke,tired of moving, tired of hustling, tired of grinding, tired of j o b s, and tired of waiting for what i want   i feel like i'm losing my passion for life and attaining happiness   i'm flat out tired   hype me up"
"so many negative things has happened, it's caused me to lose my motivation for happiness   i'll get by the best way i can   no one can make me feel special except for myself "
"if family doesn't boost me up, i always do myself   i'm a killa at physical testing, been that way since elementry school   so good at being physical   can't you tell  haha  ;p"
~ghost man~ has emerged   
~ghost man~ holding on   
"so much to do:  save $$ gain $$, laundry, check into starbucks, finish my website, schedule photo shoots, check up on places to live, study   and dyl!!"
~ghost man~ rising building
ghost man focus   intranced by the scent 
"too deep to understand, too tired to care, too anxious to see   too beaten, too much for my own good "
always finds a way to make it through   sleep always helps 
gravery    ;p
"so amazed when someone actually seems to understand me, not surprised when others don't   ghost man will fade, leave your influence before it's too late "
"no bandage, just give me some neosporin and a help up   "
"try to get through to this   bring a <propfemale> drill and a flashlight, i'm lost "
"it's always one thing after another: money, car, a home, love   trying to climb through; smothered by life and trying to make sense of it all "
"one day at a time, eventually i'll get that feeling   "
"damn, that thought felt good  that's the dyl   "
"he's my robitussin, feeling better already   "
hoping and focusing on mine   
ready for some happy   
"working through it all   ~ghost man~ will fade in a matter of time, catch me while you still can   "
just don't really care   
trying to figure things out  i just don't know anymore   
gravery   i'm something kinda special
"i love the feeling of enlightenment   better late than never i guess, we'll see"
to the t(ea)  productions!! holla at ya boy   man  ;p
"finally got my priorities in check, sticking to my guns and being productive, and getting in touch with who i am and what path i have ahead of me   love life, not love   love loves you   "
ready for something great
doesn't really care anymore   it's whatever   wish that the world could adapt to me for a change 
i'm goin in   i'm going harder than ever   take my hand*
   just wait*
   just wait**
i'm dying   
"i'm lost, please find me   "
"need to feel free, not cheap   make life worth living   "
life isn't fair just full of events
aaahhh  fucking <propfemale>!!
time to man up   i can't do everything by myself but it seems like i'll have to try   
i'm infectious     ;[
recouping myself   
i see my life around me   and grow to become a man 
"so much to do   you hoes can't see me, go head and sleep on this like you always do   "
sicker than ya average   
"how should i be feeling, what should i feel?  still sicka than ya average   remember dat!"
sicka than you average   pay homage*
"i live out my dream, literally   are you in the path of my dreams?  will you remain there and manifest more   something kinda special*"
"ok, i know what i need to do now that i'm feelin better   i'mma bounce back with such sweetness         go through the screens, check your bags, wait at the terminal and get ready to board this flight   *sweet air*   how ya like that metaphor   ;p"
"ok, i know what i need to do now that i'm feelin better  i'mma bounce back with such sweetness  go through the screens, check your bags, wait at the terminal and get ready to board this flight   *sweet air*   no crashin  ;p"
"although you may be accused of being too shallow sometimes, no such possibility exists today  you are the one who is pushing for more meaning now and you want others to follow your lead  but even if they can see what brings you closer to your truth, it could lure them farther away from theirs  don't e playful ect anyone to follow your thinking; just make certain that it's valid for you before you head out on your own "
"my dreams are so strong, eventually i'll shine brighter than anyone can see and have my own reality   "
"was used, disrespected then disgusted, but feels so amazingly amplified   i never look back only remember   "
"is ready to live, feel, enjoy again   lost but hoping for true happiness "
"sleep, sweet sweet sleep doesn't come easy, especially now   with such a strong imagination i'll have to find a great way to properly recharge all of this and work it out   and you know i work!"
i just don't know   but i make it happen!  <propfemale> will come around to my side eventually 
"i'm here for no ones entertainment but my own, pleasing you is just a big plus!"
"i only have room for special people in my life, i'm special and so are the ones that treat me that way   not that hard to understand   but if you don't, i really don't care   i'm open to true friends   special friends "
oh my damn   under construction  ;p
"great day for photo shoots and more to come   i'm lovin it, check out my ish when it's done   i love my days off! ;p"
oh my damn   what power!!
a <propfemale> made me scream!!  it still echoes   
old habbits die hard   
numb to life and going through it   waiting to get the feeling back and more 
"wow, what a <propfemale>!"
*hitting the gym early like a <propfemale> before school then workin it at starbucks   i'm so feelin life right now!*
i don't <propmale> my dreams   i reach for the stars*
craves ecstacy   desiring bliss in every way*
is a special kind of guy   
totally dissatisfied with my life   but extremely appreciate the t's and the miss   i'mma do me and hopefully get some happy 
my purpose is bigger than you can see   even bigger than i can see 
"i'm a different kind of guy   i have a <propmale>, brain and a heart   not to mention dreams and goals that reach the stars "
time to grind   will you sweat with me?  i promise it will be sweet; just learn to stand the heat 
trying to deal with it all
"even on my days off i never get to have the day off   stress reliever, take a nigga to the spa or sumn, just leave me in the bed   "
"i have to go to shalimar courthouse today after 3pm, can anyone scoop me from owc in niceville?"
*superstar*  i need to give myself more credit   i'll love life again sooner or later 
   the popo don't even fuck with him*
"i'm good with my hands, god bless them*"
"if you couldn't see me before, just wait   put on ya shades"
mr  intimidation   let them bitches know who you are!  amplify this big head 
getting into the new   good good 
"ready to live, let go and be wealthy with love   "
wants to be able to flow productively   
"getting my *<propfemale> power* back, finding it and myself, never stress again from boy trouble   "
"*i'm the incredible, super sensual, call me sweet tea   nasty boy at the club and you wanna see me put it up down round and round, do a little trick and then i scrub the ground   *"
time to grind and get-r-done   
"yeah, i got an interview tomorrow in sandestin   just gotta make it there at 2 smile 0pm"
"life is complicated, watch me simplify   "
"when you become a new person, you should do new things   better things that just feel right "
"stability, security, certainty   and love   that's all i want   dreams are fake, life is real   reality seems like a joke at times   why am i so deep and easily misunderstood?  i barely understand myself   my life "
i stay needing a ride   !
*photo shoots* get in touch with me and lets create high fashion looks   no work and out of school until may 10th   850-758-7541 don't hesitate!
i stay needing a ride somewhere   !
most def  needs paid work and a ride to get there   i hate j o b  hunting!
"just when you start to feel better, a memory makes it worse   take a drink*"
"give me a reason to love you and i will if i already don't   and hold fast to that, i do "
"creative ambitions night of fashion this friday at 6 surprise 0pm!!  get your tickets, i'll be there!!!  contact <propfirst> pinne for more info:217-390-2393"
life is so disappointing   hoping for happines 
feeling awkward about life   hopefully happiness will develop soon 
"money will take your soul and anyone that was close to you   i trust no one, especially those that steal!"
"fuck you, pay me!! thieves, snitches and back-stabbers   all of you can    use your imagination "
blowin in the wind   i rode a motorcycle biatch!!
i love you mommy   
"i see, i'll feel   i will live!"
i think i might end up going to film school   
"i'll be sweet tea again, soon enough   "
i hate feeling ambiguous
something's missing   i wish life felt good again   and stay that way 
he always makes a way for me to get through   i'm ready 
so damn tired of always needing a ride somewhere!
just don't know   i just don't know 
"love   get in line, other things to worry about   unless you force your way to the front "
"gotta stay busy, moving forward and not looking back   so much to do and not enough time to feel   "
"i never lose touch, it feels too good "
"busy weekend  i need a ride to magnet and back to crestview friday and saturday nights so i can gogo dance and get my dollar$   also doing photo shoots, did i mention i'm gonna be busy?!"
the blessed don't stress
"in a world full of complexity, all i want is simplicity   "
i don't want to feel empty   i want to feel love 
"life   what a mess, i look for the beauty and lose myself in it   "
"when i feel like crying, i think of how much it will hurt to let the tear fall   so i think of a way to put money in my pocket and a smile on my face   not your face "
"i like to dig deep, life is   i can see how life, my life, is directed   i just aim for a standing ovation and encoure   sweet tea feeds from it, from you   "
"i'm sweet tea   embrace me, love me, or get the hell on!"
"so ready for the weekend!  dancing clubbin, shooting and gettin paid!"
i need a ride to go work at magnet friday night!
gogo dancing at magnet tonight!! hit me up if you can give me a ride to fwb! 850-758-7541 no text
shakin my money maker!!  tip a bitch!
hangin out with dad in biloxi for the weekend!!
ready for my birfday!!!
live for today   plan for tomorrow   
i need a good paying job in or very close to crestview!
i need to get my $$ up!
free this beast!!    and give 'em some dollar$ while you're at it 
i'm worth so much more   
"\they pay you to have fun doin what you do   \""-ryan riess"""
"everyone has their own agenda in this life, i guess it's time for me to develop mine   regain my drive "
i need a job place to stay in niceville   closer to school 
"bitch, i'm *sweet tea*, too good for this   "
"come to t(ea) productions for professional quality portrait & high fashion photos!\$50 +25per person for scheduled session includes annoyed  3 outfit changes and 3 changes of scenery on a retouched cd of your own \no restrictions on number of photos  \ leave a message at 850-758-7541  *sweet tea*"
watch me work it at magnet tonight   and tip!
watch me gogo and feel me move to the music   club magnet fridays & saturdays!!
"sweat it out at the club!!\=p*"
enjoy the weekend!
i need sumn    
my time will come   and everything will be gravery!
"how would you like sweet tea crashing on your couch for a lil' bit   ?\i kinda need to for a while      smile "
having sweet tea on your couch will raise the value of your house!!  let 'em crash   
\oh my god," look at that bitches jacket!!  i want it   !\""  gay fashion moment\"4db910a54cbe0eff9e29ec07f2bd521c,"sweet tea will find a way to ride on da beat   like a mufu*in feak!\=p"
trying to get back on my feet and progress in life   
can i get a ride to do a lil' job huntin in niceville?  i'll probably just end up walking after school   
time to be for self   will you be for me too?
i'm finna grind and get my hustle on   !
ready to enjoy dancing the weekend away!
watch me do me   keep up!
"gogo dancing at magnet again tonight!!  be in the crowd, let me feed off you   !"
"the world is my stage, the stage is my gym, the gym is my dancefloor   the dancefloor is my bed!    wink "
"time to grind!  school work, job hunting, looking for places to stay   "
"looking for a place to stay in niceville, trying to be closer to the college   "
ask everything of me only if i can ask everything of you   and e playful ect it!
getting closer to move time   
"trying to transition to niceville   job, a place, anyone need a roomie!?"
"getting ready to find a new place to stay, job, and what's ahead in the future   so looking forward to dancing this weekend!"
~ghost man~ get it!
watch me work!!  dance bayby   
"i'm finna get this!!  sweat   workit out sweat sweat workit out   \=p~"
another night of sweating   you can't dance me under the table!
"i'mma hustla, lookin out for me and making *ish happen   "
looking for a roomie in niceville   hit me up
getting ready to move to niceville   looking for a roomie and a place to stay 
"moving to niceville, could use some help(roomie couch on crash)  thank you and god bless the tucker family for opening their home to me for so long   it's time to get my grown man on and provide for myself "
"packed and ready for the move   heading to niceville tomorrow but could possibly go to chicago,il  houston,tx  or seattle,wa  within a week or two, maybe even sooner   **dueces, should've hollad "
goodbye crestview   hello tomorrow 
"niceville, holla at ya boy!!  hopefully i will be able to get out on my own and make *ish happen "
"first day in niceville: school, photo shoot, cash's audition, and then dinner interview   holla at ya boy, i'm not done yet!"
"you can add cash's faux pas to my list of weekend jobs   hahaha, the more i don't want to be a stripper, the easier it is for me!"
"another day of job hunting   so hot out, just like me   i'm not gonna be light-skinned anymore "
"student model photographer stripper freelance reporter   don't even try to tell me i can't hustle!!!!  if you know of any recent events, opening closings or any other interesting stories news worthy, please let me know!  holla at ya boy!"
"i'm tired, sore from hardship and numb from the pain   living for me and all that care to be involved  i'll make myself   i'll never give up   i work, bitch!"
alone and can't wait to have my own   
"just don't know what to do, it'll come to me soon hopefully "
"i'm ret-ta-go, just a matter of time and several more dollar$   "
"when i leave, who's coming with me?!  you got a dream, let's follow it together, don't sleep on it, make it   time is limited!  holla at ya boy!"
seems like school is holding me back   i'mma figure something out soon 
"until i'm done with school, it looks like i'm stuck here   who wants to get a place?!  i got dollar$   "
"yeah   job hunting and place searching, story of my life!"
i was made for walking; i know all of you have seen this   i stay lookin for jobs and a place to live!
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who\has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it! \put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had \cancer  many won't copy and paste this   i did   will you?"
looking for a roomate in niceville!!
"damn, i was going to get something to drink but now i have to buy a new phone charger   fml!  no one calls me anyway"
"make sure you leave a nice tip for certain bitches, or else they'll bite your head off   they really just need some goood d*ck "
"another day, another night to get this money and dance my ass off   been looking forward to this all week!"
come dance with me at magnet in fwb   i sweat!
i'm so tired!  i'mma do my thang to get these tips tonight!  i love dancing!
hoping to find a job and place to stay   i hate money!
i'mma have my *ish together real soon   
i just want to be happy   
   i'm a ghost
"i can't help the way i feel   a lot of times, i wish i didn't feel anything   for you; then i'd feel so much better about my life "
"i'm such a toy, play with me   but i won't break"
"the most comforting hug i ever received was from a preacher, and it felt true   "
i'mma do my best to be happy and enjoy life!   even if it sux
"swimming and laundry, getting ready for the weekend!"
"no soap for laundry; hit it tomorrow   so next, manscaping   i love feeling smooth\;p"
"i'm so smooth and ready for the weekend, holla!!\;p"
"come party at magnet tonight in fwb   watch me work it on stage!!\ wink "
so tired from floatig down and falling in the river   what an adventure!!
i need a massage!!
another week of hunting and searching for jobs and places   i wish it was the weekend already!!
"damn <propmale>, did it again   must be in my nature to be a loner   "
~ghost man~
"apparently, i imprint   "
justice league unlimited and exercise   love it!
bring me into your life
"yeah, more job hunting   ugh!!  i'm ready for the weekend "
"i need a car, walking everywhere is too much in this heat!!"
a nice long shower can make a lot of things better!  going to see grease at the college tonight! no plans besides that   
"i'm ready to make some money, got a new camera   my photography is on point!\thanx <propfemale>!    wink "
"grease!  northwest florida state college tonight!  holla at me when it's over, or not "
"good day, good night, ready for a good weekend   "
love myself   be by myself   
"all i need is music and a dance floor   maybe a partner too, and low light   "
workout the stress   
"i need love, fun and a shot of rum!"
"magnet  nightclub, be there tonight! come enjoy the scene and the sexy gogo dancers!  time to let lose on the dance floor   "
"\when i hear music it makes me dance   !\"""""
"life is so cmplex, pursuing anything comes with complications   where's my easy button?!"
just dance with me and forget about everything else   !
"good weekend, let's hope for an even better week ahead!"
"sooth my mind, aches and pains, relieve my body and soul   a really hot hot tub will do  i've been dancing my ass off and life is tiring!!"
"i want to stretch, have a nice meal, drink some wine, hit a hot tub and relax   a massage would be nice too    wink "
"nice weekend, still wanting to getr this kink out my back   so ready for the weekend!"
beer pong makes you think things that you probably shouldn't   unless good reason to 
natty light and couches make my body ache   
"yea, so single   gonna get into myself and need to learn how to be happy again!  dance bitch!!\;p"
i just want to sit in a hot tub   is that too much?!
"uuugghh, i need a bed of my own to sleep on   lord heal my body!"
"little workout, interview at 3   finish a lil laundry so i have something to dance in over the weekend   i'm so ready for things to blast off!"
"my weekend starts today!!  class, workout, look for jobs and places to stay and play the day away   beer pong later   woop woop!  try to enjoy life!"
what if you saw sweet tea in pornographic material?
"\i like skinny bitch dudes   minus the bitch\"" -<propfirst> cox"""
apt  44 it went down!
"magnet night bar!  come out this weekend and party hard!  gogo dancers, drag shows, and plenty of great drink specials   holla at ya boy!"
"when i dance, i'll forget about you and everything else   you do the same!"
feel me   !?
just wait   
<propfemale> city anyone?!
"life has drained me, left me feeling lost and empty   how do i get it back?  finding myself shouldn't take this long   a single thought shouldn't turn me into a ghost, i was once stronger than this   how did i allow this to happen to me?  where's the essence to my passion?  the loss   the energy e playful elled from losing love is my passion: emotion\   now to find my strength power!"
on my photography   schedule a session!  $50
"i'm ready, still building myself and learning to deal   what a life "
so much to get done and ready for the weekend!
"stability, security, comfort and growth   i need your love "
"i need a place to stay in niceville close to the college   you know i don't have a car, poo   need a roomie, would you mind having me as a roomie?  get at me please, let me know if you hear anything    wink "
"of course i get offered to dance at splash bar in panama city when i don't have a car   someone please take me to go make some money tonight!!  hit me up quick, i'll gas you!"
"just make me happy, dance for me, dance with me   just let me dance on you!"
i just realized i've become cold   hopefully the dance floor can warm me up!  let's make it happen at magnet tonight!
"you know you had a great night when a lesbian asks you to give them a baby   and good tips, haha   i would so do her!  why don't any hot guys ask me for a deep commitment?!"
trying to find a way to make it   i need a place to stay in niceville asap   being a bum isn't cute!
"yeah, classes are done for the summer!  need a place to stay until fall semester starts, then looking for somewhere in niceville   holla at ya boy!  busy week ahead   "
so much to do this week and need a place to sleep asap   trying to get up on some money and have everything arranged for fall   what's a poor boy to do?
this is the last time i'll ever be a bum   pray for me!
done with classes for the summer and ready to get life moving!  where the dollars at!?  time to grind and get on my shine   can't hold me down!  anyone want to take a trip?
"finally got to the internet, gonna start making things happen in time for school "
"we'll see how things turn out, hoping for the best   planning   "
"i have text messaging now, yay!"
still looking for a place to stay in niceville before classes start in a week   get at me if you can hook me up somehow!!
"yay, interview today in niceville at 6!  now i just gotta make sure i have somewhere to live   hit me up if you can scoop me up or help me out! 850-758-7541 text it"
someone please pick me up from navarre and give me a ride to niceville for my interview!?  i'll gas you   
everything will be gravy  got things set in motion   
i'm so ready for the weekend   i need to dance!!!  feel me?
"yay, move in apartment friday!! any strong fellas wanna help?  dollar$ involved   niceville!"
what song do you want to see me dance to?!
"ugh, 3d movies don't agree with me   "
i just gotta dance tonight!!! come watch at magnet night club and party with us!!
come party at magnet bar nightclub tonight and watch me toss it up with other gogo dancers!!
"had so much fun dancing at magnet bar nightclub friday!! ready to do it again saturday night, come join me!!"
last night i dreamed about two men  one was 10ft  tall and the other was 20ft   the 20ft  tall man smiled as he talked to me   both were fine as hell too!
"great weekend, ready for college   i'm focused man!!"
new place is gravy! can't wait to settle in and get things going!
"i'd like to thank god for blessing me through my time of struggle   i also want to thank all of you that helped me in my time of need   the people that were there for me in my weakest hours are the ones i'll remember the most when i'm at my strongest potential   i'll make all of you proud and pray for you as i'm sure you did me \*sweet tea*  love "
had a wonderful time last night!!  off to a great start living in niceville and school seems it might be interesting   off to start work and can't wait until the weekend!!
i love college and eye <propfemale>!  finna cut my hair and get ready for the weekend   dancin and dollars bitch!  hopefully i get some good sleep 
started the weekend off right and finna get on my job   watch me break it down at magnet bar nightclub tonight with other sexy gogo dancers and drag show performances   bring a bunch of bitches!!! and tip!! love 
what a ballin weekend! can't wait to do it again   
"oh my damn   i so needed that bubble bath, it did something to me and i heard the most amazing song that you'll see me dance to!!! love  love  love "
"damn   stress, lack of sleep, dancing my ass off and ciggs are making me sick!!  i need some medicine!"
"hate being sick   i'll get better soon, i have too much to do!"
get ready for this   i bounce back!
i'm so ready   i  love  the weekend!
" love  dancing at magnet bar nightclub!!  come party with us tonight, tomorrow and every weekend   i'mma show out tonight, don't miss it!!"
"i want to <propfemale> out and relax in navarre, right now!!  text a bitch!"
"omg, what a great weekend   so tired, finna crash and get ready for the new week "
"i love that bitch's jacket, it is so hot!!! gets me every time    -sex and the city-"
i grind   
"drug of choice: music&dancing  love  love  love \\the only thing i can honestly say that has never let me down   ever!!"
"i'm ready to go hard on you hoes   bring sweet tea back!!  i know, i miss me too "
*life* just doesn't feel fun anymore   i need my life back!!  come alive with me this weekend at magnet bar nightclub!!
"give me life, i want to feel like me again!!  i want to have fun naturally   "
getting the weekend going   
"dance bitch!!!  love  magnet bar nightclub  love  do it bitch!!!\\this friday and saturday   i puts it down   gogo"
i need to feel like sweet tea again   !
i love putting together a great meal   making it feel like family in my tummy!
another day to e playful erience something   3 more days until the weekend!!  holla!! club 54 at magnet bar nightclub this friday!!
"i need that feeling   something to live for, live from   "
ready to live!
animals should be free!!  i don't wanna feel caged   
release me   !
"starting the weekend early   working out, practice dancing, wash up and finish laundry, cook some sweet ass food, watch a movie and then get drunk!!!  studio 54 friday night magnet bar nightclub  love "
get the weekend started early and get plenty of sleep!!
where is sweet tea?!  ready to dance!!
give me that feeling back!!!
studio 54 magnet bar nightclub disco tonight!!  come grove baybay!!  half cover for dressing up and great drink specials!!
"omg, so tired but ready to dance another saturday night magnet bar nightclub!!"
sweet tea ghost man
lord give me strength   
milk & cookies
i just want to enjoy life again   
another day
free me!!
 love 
take me to the <propfemale>!!!
i'mma go <propfirst> bond on these hoes   !
dance the night away at magnet bar nightclub tonight!!  me and a few dancers gonna throw it down tonight!!
"getting ready for this weekend!! so much to do, not enough time or fun   "
i feel like dancing!! magnet bar nightclub come party with us all night and watch the drag show performances along with your favorite gogo dancers!!!
are you ready!?!?! let's do it at magnet bar nightclub and bust it out!!! yeah saturday!
had a great time dancing at magnet bar nightclub and now it's time to get some rest and finish the weekend   yeah homework!
"so tired, sore, and a bunch of homework   i just want to sit in a hot tub!"
"just finished writing a master piece for creative writing   omg, i wish it was a true story!"
i'm a ghost man   
"oh my damn!!  i wish it was the weekend, i can't wait to dance at magnet bar nightclub  love  i'mma put it down, make it rain on me!!!"
"breathe in, breathe out, relax and close your eyes   "
is the weekend hear yet!!??
"ret <propfemale> let loose at magnet bar nightclub for euro glitz night!!  holla at ya gogos, bartenders and bar backs   and let's not forget security!!"
startin the weekend off early   beer pong!!!
"i'm so ready!! magnet bar nightclub release them frustrations, get on it!!"
"magnet bar nightclub euro glitz night!!!  love  if you could only feel what i feel    come hit the club tonight and bring a bunch of friends   party with the go go dancers, dj, bartenders and bar backs   holla at security!!   wink "
sore and aching to dance the night away at magnet bar nightclub  love 
"music, i  love  you!!  i'll show you every night how much you mean to me at magnet bar nightclub and every day for the rest of my life!!"
yeah weekend!! goodnight!  love 
what a weekend!  i don't want the week to start   hot tub
"\can i get a hot tub??!!\"""""
nap time is the best time   
put it down like you 'posed to   please!
friday   where are you?!?!?!
gettin ready for the weekend!
magnet closed?!?!  i need to dance! why does life kep torturing me like this   i almost want to cry   wtf am i supposed to do with my weekends now?!  i need $$ love 
"i just want to love the world again, feel *it* and always   "
searching --->  love 
first time home for the weekend and nothing to do   what should i do?
"they closed my love, where can i place my  love ?"
 love  me tonight
i wanna feel something great   i wanna  love  life again
i'm gonna do it   whatch what i come up with next!
bubble baths make everything feel so much better  love 
"has the worst connection with chick flicks, i hate having those feelings but torture myself anyway and go through it   what a bitch"
i just need to let go and     love 
ghost man
i want to feel free   !
"i don't think ya'll ready for this, i can barely handle myself   "
"i'm a screamer, haha   no complaints   "
"doing a shoot today, gonna be hot shit bitches!  can't wait for the finished project   "
"   i stay shootin models, check it!"
gimme a beat and a dance floor   
"<propmale> is gone, sweet tea is gone, all that remains is ghost man   watch out!"
    love 
 love   love   love  full of so much love to give   
" love  love  love \get happy!!"
mullet   
i'm hype!    on a mission for enjoyment
broke down and went to the mullet   lame   so ready to blast this weekend!
another day to party the weekend away!
"work, then school work   if nothing else, i want to go to the mall or something   get at me!"
i'mma dance   !
"getting paid to exercise and do what i love   i think i found my new drug, dance bitch!"
i love the sour patch commercial where the <propfemale> slides down the car antenna after putting a smiley face on it   is that me?? haha  love 
"*i won't dance for a man, i dance for me   i'll dance for all of you *"
mallin it   text ya boy!
shopping always feels good   
so ready for the weekend! need to hit the mall again and start looking for a car   
enjoy this   i'mma do it!
"i know how to work, you see me doin my thang  i'm the baddest bitch, sweet tea, you heard the name   "
i'm ready   !
i dance   
panama city this weekend!!
hot tub bitch!
"wonderful day at the spa, ready to have fun dancin on the bar!!   love "
my daddy's proud of me!! love 
"preminitions, uncontainable   "
"i want to live life, not survive it   "
"feel it, live it, do it bitch!"
"work it out, relax, party and get some   "
hot tub tonight and dancing in dothan at club imagination  love  have a safe halloween and fun weekend!! i will!!!
so ready to dance this weekend at club imagination and enjoy halloween!!  love  love  love  can't wait for things to start picking up   
 love  yeah weekend!!  love  club imagination saturday night!! i love to dance!!!
in dothan with shaneltis gamble and ready to rip up the dance floor at club imagination for halloween!!!  love  do it bitch!!  love 
"tore it up last night like i'm supposed to at club imagination with shaneltis gamble and now your boy is tired, sore and sleepy   self medicate(aroma therapy & hot tub) "
i hot tub bia!
another week ahead  i can't wait to get a new car   and dance again!
bbq pork chops and mango slices   holla at ya boy!
i'm finna get mine   
let me dance on you   
i lays it down quite flat   
we make the best dinners at my apartment!!
"oh my damn, i'm in a room full of hot guys and they're talking about stretching  i love stretching     love "
a butterfly smacked me in the face on the way to school   haha
"i love my new body pillow, i value my sleep even more  <propfemale> city tonight, who's down!?!  i'm ret <propfemale> have some fun   "
<propfemale> city tonight! i'm finna do tha damn thang   
would love a paid vacation   and massage  hit me up 
"i'm like a panther on the prowl   you hoes can't see me, prolly never will "
i just saw leela from futurama whip her hair back and forth!! lol get it bitch   
why am i always alone on my saturday nights?   at least i'm cozzy with some gumbo
"ahh, rest up   "
i'm having a yellow weekend   
"if you could handle this, you'd be my boyfriend   "
"cleaned house, look over homework and finna throw down in the kitchen with some lemon pepper marinated talapia smothered in squash and <propfemale> pepper served with sweet corn and seasoned green beans   you hoes can't see me  unless you come over, make it a group thing    love  let's end the weekend!"
"so, i wish it was the weekend and you were in love with me  plain and simple   "
"i'm thinking <propfemale> city    hip hop monday nights, who wants to go?"
hot tub then <propfemale> city   woot woot!
i'mma live   then die  love 
"ready for the weekend, still have to get through the week   "
they ain't ready!
anaya the vets   
"so ready to tear it up the weekend!  <propfemale> city tonight bitches, let's do it   "
my sis is coming home!!!
get a load of dis nigga   
"i'm gone for the weekend, tallahassee ya'll!!"
i'm ready for my perfect x-mas gift   
"ready for my \dream come true\""   """
"i love me, no one's gonna love me more than me   "
"forget you, doin me   "
mo ready than you   bia!
"i'm finna ride on these hoes, ready for the weekend   "
would be nice to have a real bff    love 
where all my gingers at   daywalkers too?   love 
"what a moment, when you have to address a dudes nutz   military shorts  haha, hell nah "
"ready for the weekend, i'm finna shut new orleans down!"
*great college e playful erience: watching boys climb trees on campus    love 
new orleans!! deuces**
who dat killin them hoes in new orleans?  sweet tea!  love 
mmmmmm   boys 
"long night morning full of twerkin, then headed back to niceville, florida for cranky j's at noon   i know how to work, bia!"
"what a weekend    next, gotta get a car and then save mo money "
let go of your frustrations and be free   
"loneliness feels empty, how do i refill?"
i'm just trying to make the best of being here   
just live  love  have fun  love  make love  love 
"i love sleeping   aahhh, rest   "
"yeah!  ready for the weekend; thanksgiving, then dancing at splash bar in panama city!!  love   i'm thankful for my family, my health and my ability to be the baddest bitch around!!"
happy thanksgiving! i miss my mommy   
"i'm so happy it's thanksgiving, i'm going to spend the whole day in the clouds and munchin on food  i move at my own pace   "
"thankful for all that has made me into who i am   good times   now i'm ready to make money over the weekend, dance bia! splash bar florida  love "
"i do, but i don't give a f**k   "
"hahaha, i love making clerks stutter when i buy magnums    love "
if you only knew what was running through my mind while i'm dancing   
omg   i'm tired!  still gotta work  $$
another night of twerkin   i get dollar$!
i got a new smart phone for free 99 while dancing for dollar$  thank you tourists!
"\don’t play with it if it ain't yours\"" i want to play with it cuz it ain't mine!"""
i'm finna let these bitches know   
"finna tear up e c  with <propfirst> <propmale>, rest of ya'll are lames   ! loners ride or die!"
"agh, the night turned to poo real quick   rain and hoopty don't mix "
"i stand alone, dance alone   i'm out to get my own   they ain't ready!"
"rainy day, no one to cuddle with  hitting the gym and then watching a movie  text my cool new phone "
"i'm lining up photoshoots, bia\!"
"mr  lonely   \i hate you akon"
we'll see how this week goes; i'm hoping for arousing and exciting    love 
"i love watching bank tellers count money, they're so vicious with it   then give it to me "
"appreciate the people that don't like you, that many more peeps will be on deez nutz  i'm unliked by a handful of bitches   "
imma love me some me   
"i'm finna get mine  come with me, or just watch and hate hate hate hate   "
"just bought my new whip, tre' night! holla at ya boy, i'mma be a lot more mobile now  2002 midnight dodge intr "
"i hate $$, so much to do now   "
"i turn on the cd player and the first song is <propfemale> <propmale>, t-shirt and panties   i know this car is right for me  a freak left that cd in there!"
i just want to dance and make a lot of dollar$    love 
"betcha can't do it like me, nope!  love "
i need $$$!!! and friends   
"need a photographer-$50-$75   want a male performer-$150 flat   holla at ya boy!  i never disappoint, just check out my pics   850-758-7541  love "
so my weekend might suck   i'mma try not to let it   
having tea time   love 
i hate getting poked by people that don't really talk to me   what's the point?
come cuddle with me   
ummhhmm   that's a good look 
feeling something like sweet tea   
never wants to e alone   
i'm just floating through   
herbs and bubble baths   
i'll be fine   
"apartment all to myself for a while, gonna be a cold and lonely holiday   "
having tea time with philonie flores  love 
i think i'mma start feelin myself   
"double massaging   giggidy giggidy, aalllrriiight!"
keep them dollar$ coming and that's gon make me dance   that's gon make me dance   that's gon make me dance!!  love 
"thanks for letting me love you, even though it killed my drive   i'm still here "
"not going to be so gay this holiday, well, at least not look it  haha"
"i love myself, so i workout   i kinda like being alone "
just going through the motions until i can feel a reason   
workingout like crazy for the holidays   new years   new orleans!  love 
"gonna be super thowed for xmas, so if you want to see me   i'm not driving  ho ho ho muthafuckas!  love "
 love  <propfemale> christmas mommy  love 
burn x-mas tree burn!!!
"ready to feel a new year, a new life   "
it's bout time to get on some new new   
   tap into me  love 
gotta make plans for this weekend   where to dance?
"roadtrip this weekend, who's down?"
on my grind   you can't handle this!  love 
"oh my damn, i just saw my dream husband and future model(s)!! i love college!  love "
"ok, dancing at splash bar florida this weekend! hell yeah, do it bitch!  love "
"photo shoots and dollar$   photographer by day, entertainer at night!  i'm dancing and taking photos over the weekend!   love "
i want a man that can sing and make love to me at the same time   hallelujah!!!  love 
"shoots, dancing, dollar$, clouds   what else coulde make my weekend better?"
putting more shoots together   on my grind!  love 
"wow, guys   i'm ridin solo"
they ain't ready   !
shoots!!  love 
"photo shoots starting at $50, schedule yours now while the price is still discounted  portfolios, portraits, editorials and promotions  850-758-7541  love  *t(ea) productions*"
<propfemale> city bitch!! holla
 love  i love my family   r i p  uncle <propmale>  love  *superhero*
"oh my damn, he is blowing my mind right now   wet   music love "
i'm feelin so n c  right now!!!  love  weekend full<family
"splash bar florida tonight, go in bitch!! he dancin   "
"i'm feelin so n c  right now!  great weekend, lots of memories, looking forward to being a superhero    love "
back from n c  and ready to grind   
"on my grind!!  doing photo shoots and dancing where i can, get at me!!  after i build my model book, shoots start at $75   love "
$!work$!
"i'm just getting warmed up   mardi gras, orlando-miami spring break!  holla at ya boy  love "
"just after i find out i have to dance tonight, i gash my back on the bath tub faucet   sexy   poo"
shooting with <propfirst> moné in pcola today then twerkin it out at splash bar florida to end the night!!  love 
"yeah, car trouble   still  i'm still dancing!"
so many distractions in life   i'm staying on track 
"it feels so good seeing the people who helped mold me: <propfemale> cain, <propmale> dzikowski, and let's not forget tiffowne <propmale>  love  life"
"new week, new shoots, same responsibilities   i'm on my new new grind  love "
milk & cookies with roomie*
wild element: sweet tea - caution!
"twerkin it out at splash bar florida this weekend, holla at ya boy!!  love "
"i hate cars and the mechanics you take them to, i just want a car that f***ing works!!! and the people i pay to fix it, to fix it!! dont ask me, i'm over it   "
dancing makes everything feel better  love 
you wanna see some ass? i wanna see some cash  keep them dollar$ comin and that's gon make me dance!  love 
wtf is condalisa rice doing sitting next to <propfirst> madden and <propfirst> diaz during the superbowl? can you say $$ seats   i'm too gay to sit and watch sports on tv   
"wow, i've officially turned into a bitter asshole   not sure if i should be sad or content about it "
"just call me tea, minus the sweet   unless i'm dancing "
"nigga, i'm a danksta -deamed: <propfirst> white"
what do you do when everything and everyone gets on your nerves   man period? wtf?! i bite bitch
"damn, i can be mean"
"i am that bitch, tea baby!  love "
"i can't make it clap but i can sure make it wave! wobble wobble, shake it shake it   i'm a mess   love "
"i only date the man of my dreams, no wonder i have trouble sleeping "
tender
life can be cold
forget the world with me   
"none can put it down like sweet tizizea!!  i'm hittin the arcade betch, who <propfemale> won?!! then <propfemale> city tonight like a skripper  love "
me and the roomie just bought an xbox360 and a bunch of games   yeah us!  love 
"love can feel like torture, how intense are your moments?"
feeling something is better than nothing   ?
"\a break from life would be lovely   \"" <propfirst> truelove"""
happy fucking valentines day ;-[  love 
lost my energy and spirit of <propfemale>     love  where is sweet tea?
dance  love  all i'm concerned with   
ready to live  love 
"humpday, yes    love "
i like  love  a lot   hahaha  cant you tell
"freak of nature, eventually i'll be unleashed   "
"i'm so ready for <propfemale>, betch!!!  love "
"rude boy inspiration: as i woke up this morning, the day was too bright  i put shades on my eyes to keep me faded from the light  not finna play with any questions, i know it feels right    love "
"feeling alive again  love  life, find a reason   "
my world is a dream   
"i guess i really do imprint, ha    love "
i'm back bitches!!!   love 
sex tip: think about the one you love when you're working out!  mmmhhmmmm   love  dzi
last night was   sweet  love 
my dreams come true  love 
<propfemale> vs  capcom 3   my shit
"anxious, give me what i wnat need forever    love "
i hate using brand new towels   they get lint everywhere!!!
 love  the weekend   and whatever else does it for you 
i dont know how to live anymore  i'm just going to try   
i live for  love  and the weekend! let's keep the momentum   
learning to deal with emotions   
"i'm like <propfirst> <propmale>, i'm so soft but bitch i go so hard!  love "
"living for what i  love  and do best  don't <propmale> anything, just do the damn thang   "
don't get your hopes up   unless its sweet tea  love 
"i hate money but i love counting bankface   sweet tea is dead, goghost is flowin     love "
"it's just sweet, no one deserves the tea  next trip   "
only  love  what  love  you   
men of pensacola calendar today   i'm doin stuff   ;p
 love  being alone   eh
new new   get sum  love 
i  love  nerds
you should be intimidated   i'm too much  love 
i'm so over it   i'm ready   live  love  die again and again
i have a purpose     love 
"i'll live and figure things out, just wish someone would do it with me   "
i need someone to go to <propmale> and miami with me march 20th-28th   i'm low on funds but dancing to get more!
"emotional vampire: bitch, i'm full   "
"you can find me dancing at <propfemale> city   music, bass, edge of climax  yes  love "
"figuring who i am, what i want in life   "
"shooting, dancing, dancing some more   sometimes in the same day   love  that's all i need and getting paid "
"headed to new orleans to twerk a lil bit, back home to fresh and rest, and then onto <propmale> and miami   i make shit happen  love  he makes all things happen!"
"sweet, work    love   what else?"
"i dont know what to think, feel, be   i just want to be happy   love  dance forever"
"i need a place to stay while i'm dancing in miami, friday25th-sunday27th   let ya boy crash if you're that far south, please? 850-758-7541 holla asap"
fighting for happiness in my life    love 
"so yea, life is confusing and complicated as hell   but i'm here trying to live it as happy as i can   all i really need is love and music   and him "
when i cry myself to sleep its because life is too painful to be awake   love 
i'm a smith   enough said 
"if you really want it, you're willing to knuckle up   i got big knuckles nigga!"
"the ultimate test of my life, i'll go to the edge of the world for my love and happiness   god help me!"
dancing in miami but all i can think about is  love !
a mess   
"even when you respect yourself it doesn't mean others will   yes, i'm a dancer, yes, i do photo shoots in my underwear, but hell no, you can't have this cup of tea  i love me and those that love me   nigga, i don't know you and don't want to like that "
strongest yet weakest part of me = my  love 
stretching and getting ready to dance the night away at the vault miami while watching <propfirst> pilgram vs  the world at jessyka cain and smokey's place   i love this movie!!
"never wanted to die before   i'm already dead  call me tea, no one can have the sweet "
"i need a roomate by the end of may! $365+utilities, niceville in front of the college "
gift and a curse   
i've been chosen   soon he will show me the way to my <propfemale> and hopefully happiness 
"i need some $$$, anyone got a job for me i can walk to in niceville?  my car is blown   and a roommate in may!!"
i need a ride to splash bar florida in panama city so i can dance my problems away!!  love  love  love 
picking up the peices to my life   i need a new one 
(^^^)
"give me a reason, i need a reason   good one "
who wants to take me to <propfemale> city tonight? hiphop night!!!  let's start this week right and bang it out!!  $5
auto pilot: on   for now 
happy birfday roomie <propfirst> <propmale> and what a death day anniversary for me   
the things i go through   turbulence for a reason
"yeah, hump day   lame"
"so yea, i've lost interest in just about everything in life  i'm trying to figure out wtf to live for   dzi"
i am something special   to the tea 
"on my new job  i wax it all off, mr  miyagi  and i'll tare that ass up, no one can stop me   "
"when i was a kid i didn't have a computer, nintendo ds, xbox, or wii  i had a bike and a curfew  my toys were the outside world  if i didn't eat what was made, i didn't eat & i dealt with it  i didn't dare to talk back & i got in big trouble if i did  life wasn't hard, it was life  and i survived  re-post if you appreciate the way you were raised   but i did have a bunch of games systems, lol"
wax on wax off   keeping busy
"\all i really want is to be happy   \"" <propfirst> j  blige"""
me and lil mama both lost our moms to cancer in 2007   word 
"finna strut on the catwalk for 2011 creative ambitions night of fashion then end the night by sweatting it out at splash bar florida! i'm on my grind, someone come with me  love "
everything happens for a reason   and doesn't happen 
this time i'm gone save me   
i am redbull!!! urg bitch  love 
freshness   
i need a j o b  close by    !
roomie needed  come live with sweet tea  love 
"i'm so damn needy: j o b , dollar$, roommate   working car!!!"
when will i come alive   ?
"what to do?  can't be a bum, not cute   might not see me for a while, trying to figure out my living situation   considering options   "
"splash bar florida tonight, twerkin my ass off for them dollar$  tea gotta pay rent!!"
its funny how the one you least e playful ect will come through for you   then show you the <propfemale>  <propfirst> <propmale>
vapor~~
i almost wish i never had dreams   any of them 
room for rent in niceville right in front of the college   holla at me  850-758-7541
i'm going off the grid   vapor~~  ~_~
would love to float away
ya know   i just don't give a fuck
god is good   he'll make a way
someone asked me if i was black jesus  love 
walk   
"if you wonder why i don't trust people, it's because very few have stuck by their word and given me a reason to trust   thanks to all that do "
"i've never been worried about my life and where it's going to go, until now  wish i had that feeling, that spark and flame that was doused   "
"i've landed myself in a tough situation due to my heart and some bad decisions   i need somewhere to crash until my financial aid comes around   if you can help me out please give me a holla  850-758-7541 \tea"
i may not be straight but i sure do curve right     love 
"my life is but a dream, even when it seems like new new"
god and music   and maybe food  wink 
i get crazy   sometimes
"\that apple juice is good as f***!\"""""
"i'm thin, i know  poor man's diet, try it!  one more person tell me i'm small   buy me a damn <propfemale> bar or protien shake "
take me to <propfemale> city for the $100 strip off tonight and cheer for me!!!
"i purr, growl, and tare up the place   "
"i'm a new person, i need a new life   "
"living for self, just don't feel it yet   "
dance 'til i feel something   then keep dancing!
e playful ect the une playful ected   
"damn, i need to keep dancing! i feel something inside of me trying to get out   "
caution: releasing the beast!!
dreams run in the family   
i wish a nigga would   !
"busy day   running a 5k on my mama's birfday, sweat all the stress away   so ready for this weekend, the men of pensacola calendar launch party tonight!! get like me!!  love "
