ac8877539303cd50bebf6b284f65f64c
when is my life gonna start?    
ima go out of my mind if school doesnt keep me busy enough
i think ill get a hobby
is regretful but annoyed
gotta headache for no reason yet again    
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; youll be surprised what people remember about you  "
just thinking      
my head hurts     
gotta volunteer in the wee hours of the mornin    
gotta luv givin back to ur community
thank god for my teachers   
time to start studying
yes!!! one final passed    now to study for the rest
 sad   i got a c   
oh my goodness!!!!!
one more week!!!
just relaxin before classes start    
gotta study    cant concentrate    maybe turning off the tv will help
ok    about the wedding    the day is semi-officially may 15 2011 in denton tx which is the same weekend as me and marios graduation ceremonies
finally got a bookcase for all those books  smile  i feel accomplished!!!
i have never studied this long before    tired   
ughhh    night class should never be 3 hours
next three weeks of tests     sad 
today is a singing day    my head is just full of songs!
ecclesiastes 3:1-8 r i p
i cant wait to meet chavalier (sha-val-yae)!!!!
"oh yippy yay    my 3 day summer is coming up, i wonder what i should do?  sad "
gotta study    got two tests next week    *wishing i had a break*
it looks like im graduating in december
im so excited    my hybrid hubby is comin home today!!!!
awww      the weekend  smile 
wow    i look like such a dork on my tagged pics lol
gonna see how i did on this test pretty soon     a little nervous
the jurys out     i got an a!
updating my resume so i can start the hunt    
"yay    i got another \a\"" on a test!"""
the last airbender was mediocre but eclipse was great   
hope you had a great 4th!
ok    lets get these finals out of the way
just got done with my final
thought i would be elated but i just feel lost
"ok, i got an \a\"" and a \""b\"""""
"lol    this random older lady walks up to me and <propfirst> and says \ your just with him cause of his cute green shirt huh?    lol how random"""
woo hooo! oklahoma was fun!
the hunt is on!!!!(pray for me)
landed my first interview and with one of my top picks! i am so freakin blessed!
getting my hair done today    finally
kinda bored    keep forgetting i have a class to study for lol
"just finished a full body workout and little game of basketball    invigorating! (yeah, i probably spelled that wrong)"
the first full week in 2 years that i dont have a test to study for or homework to do    im gonna enjoy every moment! i wanna play monopoly while im here in harker heights    call me!!!
hopefully things will get better over time   sad 
i think ima go to cali or something to clear my mind for a while
i know i owe u guys an e playful lanation but i just really dont want to talk about it yet    just pray for me and if you want to pray for him too
the wedding is back on and now it is gonna be around december 2010    i will have an actual date in a week
finally about to start my classes tommorrow    im so excited!!!
today was just stressful but had some high points
ok    the official wedding date is    (pretend to hear a drumroll) january 8th! <propfirst> your calenders!
went and visited the pastor yesterday     now everything is falling into place  props to the big guy upstairs
amazingly i got all my assignments in on time
decisions    decisions   
thank you lord! i think the hunt is over!
"my poor car needs to be towed    bye bye car, see you soon i hope"
happy b-day <propfemale>!
on my way to the state fair!!!!
the fair was fun!    but my legs are paying for it
gotta start studying for this test tommorow
finally made my own team!!! go green plus eagles!!!!
we made a wedding website but its not ready yet    i will post the link soon!
ughhhhhh! why?
thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday! honestly it wasnt good at all lol but there will be many more to make me forget this one     love yall
getting our passports and sending out invitations     finally
i cant wait until this is over
one more week until graduation    i think the excitement comes when i take my finals     we will see
now im excited    i finished all my classes and i'm playing monopoly today!!!!!
please rsvp to my wedding peoples!!!! go to my links!
i honestly cried after seeing this     http annoyed  bit ly wowwgiirl
im a graduate!!!      what now?   
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
im at my wedding   we are running late
made it to atlanta    next stop puerto <propmale>! thank you everyone who could make it and thanks for your love and support from afar for those who couldnt   luv ya!
on the net at st maarten!!!!
back in puerto <propmale> with my hubby!!! gonna be home by tonight
im excited!!! i think i have this job    but keep praying for me!
i got an interview on thursday!!!!! pray for me!
just waiting for the call now    
monopoly rematch!!!
i won!!!!!! the champ is back!
no call yet so    the search continues  sad 
its gonna snow today!
snow sucks
 smile  married life is wonderful  smile 
they havent decided on the position yet so please continue to pray for me     i got a good feeling   
i didnt get the job
going to killeen next weekend!!!
hope everyone had a happy v day
who is going to young alumni
tired    just got back from <propmale>     go <propfirst>! with 2 medals and qualified for nationals! wooooo! goodnight    
i got two extra tickets to the sunday rangers game in april    let me know if anyone wants to go with us
limitless was awsome!!
"rangers game was pretty fun besides the <propfemale> seats and the soda i spilled on myself    lol, i would    "
"i wonder if i should just say \l\"" if i laugh inside instead of \""lol\""    its like im lying   """
i think im moving to oklahoma soon    
i finally posted most of the honeymmon and wedding photos    there are still some that i havent got to for the wedding yet
still praying for a job
we made sushi    mmmmmm  smile 
interview in oklahoma!!!
just waiting and praying now   
sorry everyone    the link to that age thing made my account send it to everyone   
met my nephew yesterday    hes so adorable
still loving the married life  smile 
going to look at houses and hopefully make an offer on friday
