41f05186461ea100973731a8deeb5884
how do i use this shit
"i am playing the what happend card lol  cant rember shiet that happend things ,happends and blah blah life goes on "
alright kinda getting how to us this
rrr
"dam how do i find you this shit giving me a headache, i fuckin  love you <propfirst> !!! not, but dam u freaking cute  "
dam custard oil killing my stomch aww      <propfemale> <propfemale>
"what happend to the gurls at skool ??? where the fuck did they go, no fine gurl at skool"
last night was alright best party ever been to for a while 
cant wait until christmas party i am gonna go crazy n drunk
treat everyone with respect some day that person may turn  out to be ur boss 
i hate when people say m o b for those who <propmale> t know it means (money over bitches) first of all i know the same person saying mob is the person not getting none or can t get some and  second u aint no pimp that shit is disrespectfull to the females  so i say fuck mob i love my female more than money 
had good time with the homeboyes at slick wealies prostitute was hitting on my freind <propfirst> lol !!!!
dam have not done no home work wow
texas vs cowboys who is gonna win ??? so i could put the money down on it
siping on that candian club whiskey it is finally friday yeay!!!
dj pualy d got some nice beat damm dat boy could make the club rock 
my cuz got ingage lastnight       wat a dumb ass
the fight was good glad to live another day 
damn skool iz  a drag too muh hw!!!!
you ever feel bad for hurting a good freind  that did not diserve it !!!! it hurts when you think  about it    i am srry if u see this  message you did not deserve it 
dam !!!! hisd was right to declare dis day as a  sleeep in day  yeay !!!!!
i am ready to party ???? where is the party at   laugh !!!
main i dont care wat everyone say but i got to rock motorola razor cause my phone fell in water haha  wink  i am going old skool babe 
go saints !!! the saints  gonna win da superbowl haha !!!  wink 
gooo saints!!!
haha i can t fix the pic lol
clubing is fun especially when you get kicked out      laugh !!!  and trying plaza 59 
g town was great yesterday!!!! i love spring break
r i p <propmale> ericsson e playful eria iwill find the lil bitch that <propfirst> you  thats a promise !!!
