271ce2869cd5ed21f264a6b16f25cce6
"i really don't want to go to school tomorrow  maybe if i ignore the impending doom, it'll just go away  smile "
finally got a facebook + twin is putting every embarrasing thing of me up here 
"had fun in the \foreign land of dc!\"""""
tornado in ct?????? what is going on with the world??????
getting sick of that new <propfemale> montana song  save me please!!!!!!!!!!!!
golf can be so boring  but i was on tv!!!! did you see me?
brownies: the best breakfast ever created!
"ok, summer rocks!!!!!! nothing more to say "
in the words of my sister: math packets - the new child abuse
watching the news  big surprise  the stimulus <propmale> has done it's job? wasn't it only supposed to come into full effect in august???
twin is coming over  going to cut hair and talk about stuff  awesome!  smile 
straight shots of whipped cream right in your mouth is the best thing ever!
nothing good on tv  arg 
"ok, so there's something rumbling outside my window that sounds sorta like a plane is heading toward my house, so if i die, nobody let <propfemale> near my funeral   wink "
"happy july 6th!!!! for all you history buffs out there, you'll know that the 6th is when <propfirst> washington first got word of the declaration and it finally served it's main purpose of boosting the morale of the army!!!!"
"just heard the best quote ever while watching annie: \i wonder what democrats eat!\"" you have to see the movie to understand why it's so funny!!"""
"happy 9th of july!!!! for all of you that don't know, the ninth was when <propfirst> washington read the declaration to the continental army and they tore down the statue of <propmale> <propfirst> lll"
coffee  nothing more to say really 
the black keys never looked so beautiful  love 
"thinking of ways to earn about $2,000 without an actual job  not lookin' very possible *sigh*"
why pay for entertainment? i have a little brother that might as well be a clown!
finally decided to make that wish on the origami cranes 
"so, i was randomly flipping through channels thinking that there was nothing on tv, and then i found a walk to remember on abc family!!! very happy right now  laugh "
missing my twin  maybe we should go siamese or something  laugh 
i found the elusive purple cow! and a magical tide pool! i have lifted the curse!! yess  laugh 
"hercules is on the disney channel  i feel sorta like a 10 year old watching it, but it's so dang good!  laugh "
chocolate goes with everything  not much more to say 
listening to music just makes you love life  laugh 
smile! life's not that bad!  laugh 
"i feel smart  i drank hot chocolate that e playful ired in 2006 and had food poisoning all last night  yeah, very smart "
my aunt met <propmale> bloom yesterday at <propfemale> beach  just felt like sharing that  smile 
watching aladdin: arguably the best movie ever created by disney 
arg  sickness needs to go die  sad 
chocolate makes me smile  laugh 
the black keys never looked so beautiful  love 
"my rabbit thinks she's human  that's ok, though, cause that means she sits and watches tv with me  laugh "
"i had to have powdered sugar in my coffee this morning, so now i miss my twin  sad "
loving the fact that my schedule for the night revolves around what's on tv  laugh 
"i spent 5 hours in the er with my brother last night cuz he sprained broke his ankle  yeah, that's exactly what i wanted to do until 1 smile 0 in the morning "
getting ready to watch gettysburg with the family! eek!
i've recently learned that doritos are good even if they're stale  smile 
going to gettysburg (eep!!) and then sc  i love vacation!!!
in sc  my dad is shaving his head tonight cuz his brother is loosing his hair from chemo 
finally home  the only way they dragged me out of gettysburg was telling me sc had palm trees  the only way they dragged me out of sc was leaving at 5 smile 0 am 
"contemplating the meaning of life     haha, no, i'm really watching icarly and eating chocolate chip cookies  laugh "
*sigh* there's nothing good on tv  sad 
my grandmother just died  so a couple extra prayers would be most appreciated
my mental health isn't doing so great right now  i'll get back to you later 
let the mental rest begin  smile 
smile! what's there to frown about?
random dance partyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
contemplating what my twin and i can do tonight  i'm thinking chocolate and strange movies  love 
"*sigh* so little to do, so much time"
getting ready to stip wallpaper with some friends and then my twin's coming over!
the flu sucks  just getting that out there 
"so little to do, so much time"
ugh  hockey tonight  i'm already sick of it 
"just having one of those days  well, actually, one of those weeks  cfs really sucks "
watching beauty and the beast  who says only kids can love disney?  laugh 
    and then exhaustion set in   playful 
"not much to say, just felt like changing this   smile "
so does getting hit with a sandwich during lunch count as a food fight?  laugh 
is extremely confuzzled 
i'm liking the idea of only muddling through tomorrow and then getting a day off  can we do this every week?
today was the mother of all mondays  thank god we have no school tomorrow  love   love 
ahhhh  relaxation   laugh 
6th anniversary of when ncis premiered  the only day that i would wear that much black for   smile 
"\the men who stare at goats\"" is inspired by a true story??? i'm a little concerned about what is going on in the pentigon!"""
"contemplating the meaning of life     haha, actually i'm watching ncis and eating  spaghetti os"
sickness is not fun at all   
my prayers go out to all the soldiers in iraq and afghanistan this veteran's day  love 
i am confined to a very small part of my house because all of our carpets are wet  playful 
had some crazy dreams last night!!!
mark's plane lands tonight!!!!!!!!
only one week until the rest of the country finally admits that it's the christmas season  laugh 
i made room for the cupcake! i miss you cupcake!
family window washing day? whatever happened to sunday being a day of rest?
watching a commercial for prep and landing  this is sooo tinsel!  laugh 
"it's officially the christmas season!! <propfemale> has shown up at the <propfemale>'s day parade!! i have to admit, i cried a little  laugh "
"ok, so i was listening to my favorite christmas song and i looked outside and saw a cloud in the shape of an angel with sun beams all around it! i love christmas!!!"
just put the lights up on the tree!!!!!!!!!!
snow day please!!!!!!! i hope those little elves who cut the snowflakes are listening!!!!!!
my heart goes out to the <propfemale> family today  the green tractor is outside the church and i think every cop in connecticut has come out to pay their respects   love 
i think my immune system's just given up  playful 
snow!!!!!!! 6 days till christmas and we're getting a blizzard!!!! i love this time of year!!!!!!!!  love   love   love 
i finally finished <propfemale>'s christmas gift!!! i'm so excited!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!
ncis on usa from 9am to 2am tomorrow  best christmas present ever!!!!!!!!!!
going to be spending new year's <propfemale> with my twin! that's how you bring in the new decade!
argg! i hate taking history notes on stuff that i already know 
"is it just me, or are all these commercials about depression    well    depressing?"
boredom strikes again  playful 
watching an hour long video of me and <propfemale> trying to choose a song to have a montage to  i seriously think we need to be on tv  laugh   love 
sickness sucks  sickness that just won't go way no matter what the hell you do should just go die  i'd be so much happier if it did 
why can't the weekend be three days long?
*sigh* life is confusing 
posh is judging american idol!! i feel like such a nineties girl right now!!  smile 
"i just realized what a jerk i've been lately  i'm really sorry, guys  i'll beg for forgiveness tomorrow  sad "
no more homework!!! can't go on!!!! why can't they invent a homework bot already?????
oh my gosh!!!! i'm watching ncis and i just realized that <propfirst> backwards is y not!!! that e playful lains so much!!!!  laugh 
"need to study  really need to study  really, really need to study  so why am i still on fb? the world will never know   "
"i just ordered pizza and was called \ma'am\"" by the lady on the phone  it made me feel very important  laugh """
extremely bored  i need to get a more interesting life 
"come on, brown!!!!!!! you have to win!!!!!!!!"
studying my brains out  when will i ever need chem? seriously?
live is very confuzzling at the moment   
such a beautiful sunset!!! the entire field is pink!! it's just breathtaking!!!  love 
homework for ford and trinkaus  it seems like such a waste of a good day off  playful 
"ok, so i admit it  if you run away far enough west, you're gonna end up in the east  there's no use fighting it; it's inevitable "
"i always admitted that i made mistakes in the past, but i really thought they were in the past  i guess i've been slowly self distructing for the past 3 years  but that's over now  love "
"great  so, the snow's stopped and we're probably gonna have rehearsal saturday to make up for today, and i still have to do stuff around the house now  grrr "
tonight at 8 the notebook is on abc family!!!! my day instantly got 100% better!!!!!
"after the insane boringness of yesterday, i had an extremely good afternoon!!! thanks for the entertainment, guys!!  laugh   love "
watching <propmale> dunham and remembering my 16th birthday  love 
ummm      total surrealness  but in a good way  smile 
"you'd think after a day like today, i wouldn't be this happy  smile "
my entire house smells like windex  why do we always have superbowl sunday here?
starting to feel like crap  i knew my good luck would run out eventually 
"i love watching the olympics!!! i feel like such a dork for knowing who all these people are, but i love it  love "
"i just realized that tomorrow is ash wednesday  where did all the time go??? if anyone has an answer for this, i would be very glad to hear it "
"i finally figured out what i'm giving up for lent  dishonesty  i know it sounds cheesy, but i've had issues with that lately  so i promise, for the next few weeks, i will be 100% honest about everything, or at least tell you if i'd rather not answer  smile "
who knew there were so many kinds of skiing??
the notebook is on abc family again!!!!!! this instantly made my day!!!!!!!
"\this is my temporary home  it's not where i belong  windows and rooms that i'm passing through  this was just a stop on the way to where i'm going  i'm not afraid because i know this was my temporary home\""  love  perfect for today"""
we seriously need like 4 more hours in a day  i think i'll have a serious talk with the universe tomorrow  playful 
"there's something poetic about the snow today, but i can't exactly put my finger on it  i'm going for a walk to try to figure it out "
everyone did amazingly well last night!! no <propmale> incidents or injuries!! hopefully it'll go as well tonight  smile 
grrr  homework  why does it have to exist again????
secret life always makes me feel like i have an incredibly normal life  and that's saying something  smile 
why oh why would anyone ruin a story written by <propmale> sparks by casting miley <propmale> in the movie?????? seriously????????
such a strange day  i don't think i will ever fully understand what happened today 
getting ready for another show tonight  i still can't believe the incredible amount of time it takes to curl my hair  playful 
"so, i think almost everyone in the show cried their eyes out at some point tonight  i'm not sure how we're supposed to go back to \normal\"" life  i'm gonna miss seeing everyone so much!!!!!"""
it's so weird being home and knowing that i don't have to go anywhere tonight     
it is so incredibly nice out!!!! hopefully it stays like this!!!  smile 
i think i've had enough relaxation to last 2 or 3 lifetimes  i need an energy <propfemale> or something  playful 
"somehow, i ended up spending the entire day cleaning my room  i'm not really sure how exactly that happened    "
"registering for the sats  if anyone finds a time machine, could i please borrow it? i kinda miss being young and carefree  playful "
'tis a very blustery day  i might have to hide my <propfemale> pots  laugh 
"why does california have a commercial?????? seriously?????? it's a state, not a snuggie!!!!  playful "
"dear sats, i do not care if affable means friendly or kind  i'm not particularly sure why i need to know what x equals  and i don't recall a single instance when i had to edit a piece of writing with five choices in front of me  so, remind me again why you exist? because i can't think of a single reason  sincerely, <propfemale>"
"i think i've finally heard what i've been listening for  so if i seem happier tomorrow, you'll know why  laugh "
i think i'm starting to understand how <propmale> felt when he built the arc  playful 
"this is holy week    i am out to prove that my friends will repost this, i hope i am right!! let's lift up his name and make a statement!! when jesus died on the cross, he died for you and me  if you are not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ, copy and repost  i am not ashamed!! happy easter everyone!"
can the weather just stay like this?? please????
"happy easter, everyone!!!!!!! and what a gorgeous easter it is!! it's so warm out, we're watching gettysburg!!  laugh "
"it's impossible to say \mud fudge\"" 10 times fast  trust me   smile """
it is so incredibly beautiful outside!!! i plan on spending the reainder of the afternoon on my deck reading gods and generals  love 
grrrrr  it's cold again  can't we go back to the warmth??????
"my dad finally said i could have a vegetable garden!!!!!!!!!!!! well, in pots on our deck, but still     this is a victory that's been 3 years in the making!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
"so, i'm not really sure how exactly, but towards the end of the day, it really started feeling like wednesday, so of course, i forgot about like 3 things i was supposed to do after school today  well, i'm only really upset about one of them, but still  playful "
the butterfly garden at incarnation is looking really beautiful      love 
mr stratton is officially incredibly creepy!!!! it's the return of <propfirst> <propfemale>!!!!!  playful 
"so, i still feel like crap, but the notebook is on tonight, so it's all good!!!  laugh "
that's it! i give up! i can't write poetry for my life!!!!! stupid musical brain  playful 
i am extremely irritated at my voice  i hate being deprived of the ability to sing  sad 
"eating pop rocks in my pajamas     wow, i'm pathetic  playful "
"apparently, i screw up everything and the world is pissed off at me  so if anyone else is mad at me, you can join the club  playful "
<propfirst> just fb chatted me that she found the greatest video ever  it was two angry camels in a car  i have officially decided that i have the best friends in the world  love 
jam session to hey <propfirst> with my brother and sister     that just made my day  laugh    love 
i had a dream about sentence completion questions     i think i've officially been studying wayyy to much  playful 
i spent the entire afternoon carrying around a baby    i think it's safe to say i don't mind spending the weekend at my aunt and uncle's  laugh 
"my parents are back, and life is back to normal    somewhat  smile "
40 1 2 school days left before summer vacation     does anyone have a time machine???
new social e playful eriment     i have 20 bucks riding on the outcome  so help me out a little: http annoyed  www formspring me nicolegaudet
"ok, who is on friends e playful osed saying they have a crush on me? i think fb just randomly answers questions and says it's from people  playful "
"i just realized that you can't comment on the little activity post thing that says what pages a person became a fan of  well, now it's pages people \like\""  grrr    this is irking me  playful """
sat in 3 days    i'm starting to panic just a little bit    
38 hours    and the countdown begins    
"<propfemale> just handed me a coke slushie with \caf-pow\"" written on the side and told me i looked like i needed the caffeine    i've never truly appreciated before how much i love her       laugh   love """
"i'm seriously trying to not study    needless to say, it's not going so well  playful "
"my brain feels dead, but i'm finally done!! yay!!!"
"the moral of today is that if you try to make me write, then i will end up standing behind a podium singing in the middle of english  playful "
"i just spent 2 hours up to my elbows in dirt planting veggies, taunting the animals in the field, and just staring at the stars    i truly feel sorry for people who live in the city and never get to e playful erience this  love "
ice cream is very therapeutic    i've never fully appreciated that until tonight  smile 
"fresh cut grass smells amazing, but it's killing my allergies  playful "
"ok, so i usually hate when people update their statuses like once every 30 seconds, but i have to tell the general population: switch fb to english(pirate)!!!! it is seriously the coolest thing ever and i seriously can't stop laughing!!  laugh "
the rain made everything smell all nice     love 
you can spell things with smiley faces in fb chat    <propfemale> and i are now amusing ourselves with that discovery  laugh 
"so, halfway through the tour of central, i get this text from fb  <propfirst> sent me a message  the first line was \so <propmale> the gay painter\"" and i proceeded to laugh hysterically at her  timing  i love my friends  laugh   love """
"so, my knee still hurts like hell and is all swollen and purple, but i don't think it's broken, so i plan on just toughing it through tomorrow"
"so, everyone's telling me that they're seeing different stuff in my profile pic, from a vampire with a glass of blood, to two drunk girls and one with a cocktail    so if you would like to leave your interpretation, please do, i'm actually kinda interested now  laugh "
"i just realized that today is armed forces day, so     happy armed forces day, everyone!!!  laugh "
"so, i really love the new song on my profile    and i know most people will hate it cuz it's country, but it really does describe me pretty well     smile "
"well, i had a lot of fun acting like an overly proud mother today  laugh "
rain is very wet  playful 
i got a 1900 on my sat  and it still doesn't seem real    
"i didn't realize how out of shape i was until i went to do a handstand and there weren't any ab muscles to tighten    so i kinda did a face plant  yeah, i'm so coordinated  playful "
"forget windex, chocolate fixes everything!!!"
my brother is watching info-mercials  i really don't care about vacuum cleaners  playful 
i love thunderstorms  love 
"tomorrow, i will have no head  trinkaus will have bitten it off  playful "
what the hell is a hufflepuff???????????????????????
there are not enough hours in the day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i watching a show where they're building replicas roller coasters from hershey, pennsylvania out of chocolate while eating chocolate covered pomegranate    i'm enjoying this chocolate filled night  smile "
officially a senior     this is gonna take some getting used to  playful 
'cause you know i'd walk a thousand <propmale> if i could just see you tonight
i have never seen so many christmas decorations in my entire life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i'm really pretty bored at this moment in time    so if you like this status, i'll write on your wall and say 1  what my first impression was of you 2  one supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious thing about you 3  in my opinion, which house you'd be in if you went to hogwarts and 4  something random i have the vague feeling you'd find funny or whatever  so yeah    entertain me please?"
i'm gonna sing the doom song now  *doom doom doom-doom doom doom*    
i'm eating a hunk of dibs with a fork    this is most definitely a new one  smile 
my father is a perpetual teenager 
happy anniversary of the declaration of independence being ratified and 147th anniversary of the battle of little round top in gettysburg!!!!!!!!  smile 
happy 147th anniversary of pickett's charge everyone!  smile 
happy fourth of july!! we're on the esplanande right now listening to pre-pops music and loving today  laugh 
i've forgotten how disgusting yogurt is  playful 
this is why history shouldn't repeat itself  playful 
"\he can move faster than severus snape confronted with shampoo\""    i've forgotten how much i love the <propmale> potter books  laugh """
"facebook keeps telling me that i should like csi because \many people who like ncis like this\"" no  just no  does anyone else see the horribleness in this situation????"""
"mastercard started doing the priceless commercials again!! don't ask me why i'm so excited about this, but i find it pretty darn awesome  smile "
"i feel so incredibly lucky at the moment, the past 4 nights in a row i've looked at the clock randomly just as it was turning to 11:11  i think the universe is telling me something  laugh "
so    apparently today is national milk chocolate day    and i am thoroughly enjoying myself  laugh 
"i need to quit being so proud, humans were not designed to encase this much pride  smile "
what is it about today that's made me so darn emotional??
extreme music therapy  gotta love it  smile 
chocolate is the most amazing thing ever created  end of story 
so    i'm kinda loving my life right now  laugh 
baking with chocolate  the best way to pass time imaginable  smile 
i like days that give me an awesome 11:11 wish  smile 
thumbs are way too easy to hurt  playful 
just when you think that's enough   
playing piano after twirling a flag all day is nearly impossible  i think we have a problem here  playful 
tomorrow is the last day of summer  where the heck did summer go??
i already have senioritis  this could be an issue  playful 
it is the second day of school and i'm already exhausted to the point of insanity  what is this??????
"so, what did i do for a half an hour instead of doing my homework? i played with the google logo  smile "
why can't it be friday already??
you know you've become obsessed when you can play piano in midair and hear the mistakes you make  playful 
should probably learn to sign out when she checks facebook at <propfemale> santhouse's house  just saying 
my family is annoyingly clingy today  playful 
the weekend needs to be longer  playful 
i like warmth  warmth is my friend  smile 
whoever invented hot chocolate should have a holiday all to him herself  why do we not commemorate this amazing invention??  smile 
"<propfemale> lost her bag, with both of our cells in it, at band, so if you try to text me and i don't answer, assume it's still lost  playful "
"so much to do, so little time  playful "
why can't we have every tuesday off?  smile 
"one of the only kinds of predictable i like: knowing that by the time i get home tonight, i'm gonna be bursting with pride  smile "
i carried a watermelon  laugh 
life is good when it's almost christmas  smile 
finally  i'm done with the application process  now i can breathe  playful 
spicy sweet chili doritos actually taste pretty good   
this has been an unnaturally long week  can it just be over already?
what is with all the sad songs being the pretty ones? i need to stop this  playful 
ha! i has internet! i winnnnn!!!!  laugh 
i've forgotten how much i love winny the pooh  laugh 
life is good  i have a new box of crayons and a <propfirst> brown coloring book  laugh 
mr moore is crazy  i'm not going to school tomorrow 
"<propfemale> christmas everyone, and god bless!!  smile "
school makes me tired  enough said  playful 
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting for all those in the struggle      we are with you!!"
"i'm watching food network with my brother and sister  well, that's one way to spend saturday night  smile "
i think sometimes life just likes punching you in the gut and laughing at the funny face you make  playful 
"ok, does anyone else agree with me that mean girls 2 is a fail and they should just quit playing it???  playful "
"ncis is exactly what i need right now  thank you, universe!  laugh "
"i'm sure he's happier up there playing monopoly with his daughter and the love of his life  we'll miss him here, but he has a game to finish  smile \god bless you, grandpa  you're always going to be loved "
can we bump vacation up a week? please? because i really don't want to have to wake up early tomorrow  playful 
i am now a huge fan of abc family  legally blonde now and titanic tonight  all i need is chocolate and really salty popcorn and this is perfect!!!  laugh 
"thanks everyone for the happy birthdays!!  laugh  and also, happy birthday, <propmale> weasley!!! (it had to be said)"
"i just spent the entire day with nothing really to do  i'm liking this whole \free time\"" concept  laugh """
