03a955ce0e89b99e793256da61f85115
why don't men come with instruction manuals and remote controls???
i wish it would snow daggumit!!!!
finally friday!!!
weekends aren't long enough   
can't wait for christmas!!!
"please snow, please snow, please snow   "
did somebody order a white christmas?
moving                        again!!!!!
moving             again!!!!!!  i'm surrounded by cardboard boxes!
"i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost, i hope i am right! let's lift up his name and make a statement! sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost this    when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3%, repost this message  praise god he died for me and you!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"to all my farmville neighbors, please send me rabbits and trees!!! thanks i will return the favor!"
"and    i've sent out alot of neighbor requests, won't you be my neighbor???    sad "
"be very careful if you make a woman cry, because god counts her tears  the woman came out of a man's rib, not from his feet to be walked on, not from his head to be superior, but from his side to be equal! under the arm to be protected, & next to the heart to be loved "
farmville neighbors    please send me rabbits and trees for my farm and i'll return the favor 
send me some rabbits!!!! farmville neighbors i'm begging you!
13 days   
12 days   
not even a week away to my baby's big day!!!!
"well   the snow has cancelled harlo's birthday party, but we'll all have somethin to look forward to next weekend!!! he can celebrate his birthday all month long and february too!!!"
"party tomorrow, rain or shine    can't wait to see harlo's cakes!"
more snow   on the way?
this wind is outta control!!!
"help me build my horse stable!!! i still need board, nails, and horeshoes  i'm almost there!"
"please>>>i need horseshoes, nails and boards   am i the only person still building my stable???i will return the favor!"
cant wait till friday! its been a long week already!
i only need 3 more items to finish my horse stable   boards and bricks can anyone lend a hand???
2 more horseshoes and i'm done thanks everyone!
only 1 more horseshoe now    thank you everyone so much!!!! i'm gettin excited to see my stable!!!
finally got my horse stable     thanks everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how long can you actually keep a cold???? i'm sick of being sick!
hiho hiho off to another work week we go!!!
still need 6 more helpers to e playful and my chicken coop    c'mon neighbors!
i love snow! everyone else is ready for warm weather but not me!!!! let it snow let it snow let it snow!!!!!!!
"today is a day that the lord hath made, rejoice and be glad in it!   even if its still not friday!!"
"friday: lets knock this last day out! c'mon guys, teamwork!"
whew!!!!! another week under the belt! time for some r&r!
"this weekend flew by   and to make things even worse, it was the prettiest weather weve had in a while!!!     sad "
doesn't look like its gonna snow     
blizzard anyone????
tootheaches are for the birds!!!!!!
"i need slate tile, can anyone send some???? help me out fv neighbors!"
"well i reckon i better try to get some sleep   i'm gettin up early, havin some teeth pulled tomorrow, you know the usual! if u see this before then say a little prayer for me! honestly i'm a nervous wreck, always am before they start yanking out my parts!!!!"
thanks everyone for the prayers! this morning went great   dont remember a thing! thanks to my momma in law for the help getting through it this morning! love you guys!
weekends dont last long enough!
"i only need one more person to help me e playful and my chicken coop today is the last day, please help!!!!!!!"
"re-post-- immededilately) <propfemale> alert******** !) month old< little girl!!! (rylee aleann folan) taken in roseville< michigan  i hope to see this repeated on this <propfemale> many times, a child is in danger  lord bring this child home    call with information: 586-775-2100 or 911 this happened 3-26-2010, a few mins  ago!"
bedtime! yay!
feeling un-important   but knowing that i am more than just important!
"found out today i get a 3 day weekend, i cant believe it! i dont know what im gonna do with myself??? yay!"
you guys gotta watch where the wild things are   its great!!!
can't wait for a vacation!
"i see all these precious babies being born and i start to realize mine's not little anymore, he's growing so fast  so   new moms and dads, enjoy these moments while they last cause they fly by and one day it will be all you can do to hold em still, let alone rock them to sleep "
today has been a wild one   im ready for friday! need some r&r desperately please   anyone know where i can find some?
if it's gonna be this cold it better start gettin white outside!!!
friends are like toilet paper   you wish they were there when you sh*! your pants! lol
