6815d6b657fef14b8e81ab41d888d6c2
this is the strangest life i know!
playing a one note samba never felt this good!
"and i'm sitting in a tin can, far above the world!"
american movie !!! was awesome!!!
"earth, stream and tree encircled by sea waves sweep the sand from my island "
finally got zappa plays zappa sooooooooooo good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! call any vegetable!
"i don't want to believe, i want to know"
"little green <propfemale>, it'l make your muffins taste betta!"
"well, watcha gonna do?"
hell yeah! got over the may sickness!
damn! it feels great to be alive!
another awesome day! damn it feels good to be me!  smile 
nothing like starting your day off with video game music remixes from games no one cares about   smile 
water on the brain     surprise  whoa    
\a little nonsense now and then, is relished \6815d6b657fef14b8e81ab41d88 laugh 6c2,"i'd like to wake up knowing i have another job to attend to, but i guess being self-employed has its benefits   smile "
i wonder if barging into peoples houses are whats considered cool for kids nowadays    oh well i'll never get juvenile behavior 
can't think of anything cool to say   smile            awesome!
finally got a decent picture of me at the beach!  smile 
"today was great got to finally watch devilman, the birth on the big screen!  smile "
"\the pleasure of a dream is knowing its a fantasy\"""""
just finished making breakfast! and i realized i'm sensitive to climatic changes     
wow went to wesminister and costa mesa about 3 times and it was awesome! damn i love driving at night!  smile 
can't get over how awesome life is! some may call me an optimist but it just doesn't hurt to enjoy yourself and the things happening around you 
i completely lucked out today! i finally got a guitar that suites me! i'm lovin every part of this day!
today was nothing short of awesome!
first week of school complete! i think i'm gonna be very productive this semester!!!  smile 
 smile  feelin' nostalgic and content!
"\i don't always drink beer     but i drink beer always\"" - <propfirst>"""
sometimes i just wanna copy someone else's status word for word and see if they notice
making business cards!!!  smile 
"life is good! i got some records on a cool night, sweet satisfaction!  smile "
"everyone has the right to complain, but its when you start blaming others for your own misfortune is where i see it as a means of saying you are incapable of being a better person or rather a human "
"\thank you for waking me up!\"""""
\i don't want to go sleep, lucy won't you come with me\6815d6b657fef14b8e81ab41d88 laugh 6c2,minor7b5!!!!
"\all dressed up and nowhere to go     \"" story of my life"""
"\you know you got it if it makes you feel good\"""""
k-on !! i just gotta play my guitar!
daydreaming and i'm dreaming of you 
"there must be a way to get my best friend back, but i gotta keep remembering his words \all we have to do is wait\""   """
"you will get better lalo, you got too many loving you, your in our hearts and on our minds "
"lalos making really good improvement, i thank all the doctors and nurses at uci for trying there best and being there for him keep it up we are all counting on you to bring our friend back, and too all the friends and family who are supporting him thank you all, his family really appreciates it "
"today really put my life in perspective, i miss you lalo stay strong "
deep dark music with a candle in the dark 
i swear the gull of some people!
"haters wanna hate, lovers wanna love, i don't even want none of the above!"
ill be looking forward to the next studio day!
"stop pushing me!!! hahaha, olde tymes"
thank you everyone who wish me a happy birthday  20 years passed hopefully i can get through another 20 without a fuck up haha!
"feeling like i did it, oh yeah all is where it should be! gotta stay content!"
eta for science breakfast is 30 seconds!
"got my today mic and i'm gonna get my webcam later, oh yeah comin up in the world !!!!"
"\is that west indian lilac?\"""""
"\hey! old man river shut it before i break your hip \"""""
"\because your kiss is on my list\"""""
"wctr caller -\i always tell people if your wanna be number one you gotta aim for 1st place\"""""
we landed on the <propfemale>!
"eating a steam bun, listening to hall & oats, in my dads lame mid-life-crisis-moblie oh yeah!"
       <propmale> 7ths       
ii-v-ii-v-im7  why do you sound so good?!
"\don't nobody read at yo house?\"""""
key change to the key of knife!
