63897e8dfe9e634b702b787f2c13a073
getting ready for the parade right out my window!!!!! going out to take some pics
listening to some old school eminem   shake that   
getting ready for my cousins wedding rehearsal     game over!
"why did the group of pollocks stare at the carton of orange juice? it said \concentrate \"""""
"   we've gone from eisenhower to <propfirst> w  bush  we've gone from <propfirst> f  kennedy to barrack obama  if this is evolution, i believe that in 12 years, we'll be voting for plants "
"   we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, <propfemale> and the pursuit of happiness   and for the support of this declaration, "
"we shall not, we shall not be moved,  we shall not, we shall not be moved, just like the team, that's gonna win the f*ckin lot (again) we shall not be moved "
diet day 2 - going well    except i am freakin hungery!
thought i would be alot more sore after playing 2 hours of non stop soccer last night   but i had a blast!!!!!
getting ready for a fun weekend (w o <propmale>) of swim coaching!!!!!
has lost 22 pounds! going for a total of at least 60!
is getting pumped up for the community shield match!!!!
holy crap <propfirst> hughes is dead!
desperation is like stealing from my mafia: you stand a good <propmale> of attracting the wrong attention 
to my mafia family    if we can't do it   it can't be done   special thanks to <propmale> delisio!!!!
lets go pens!!!!!!!!
i love hockey fights!!!!
gggoooaaaaaaaaalllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how 'bout them panthers!!!!
just got back from dinner at harp and fiddle in the strip    mmmmm   noble pils!!!!
not happy with ibm right now   not happy at all!
starting to get excited about age group champs!!!
tic toc   tic toc   only 7 more weeks until the next of my spawn is unleashed upon the world!
"if a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover, is he lucky?"
let the madness begin!!!!!!!!
we are at the hospital   today's the day   smile 
finally a baby with dark hair like me  smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> man united    let's go wiggan beat those <propfemale> scum!
goal!!!!!!!!
goooooaaaaalllllll!!!!!!!! 2-0 united
roooooney!!!!! 3-0 united!!!!!!!
getting ready for the lost finally    i am going to miss this show! i proud to admit i am a lostie
droid   i am loving it
"\you can't live a perfect day with doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you \"""""
world cup baby   ooooohhh yeahhhhh
usa   usa   usa    
england cheats
can't wait to get back to pittsburgh
gooooooaaaaaallllllll
we won   how you like us now! tops of group c
gooooooaaaaalllllll
overtime     usa   usa   usa!!!!!!
oh no!
great game    good run   but don't like the end  sad      ghana did there job and deserved it
really bummed usa is out of world cup  
tigers love pepper  they hate cinnamon
shaved his head
tired of all the bad press over jabal sheard  of pitt and no eye witness interviews by media   thats cause the police officer is lying   the eye witnesses that have been interviewed (were talking multiple people) say sheard was trying to break up a fight and the police showed up late    and assumed it was sheard and immediately batoned him    giving him less than a second to respond to their commands   
is excited for all our swimmers who made finals tonight! let's go kick some butts!
on my way to rockville for zones   
bad spellers of the world   untie!
my babies are almost home   can't wait to see them
just landed in hot lanta for lay over on my way to <propfirst>
just arrived in big d
is missing his wife and girls   alot!    sad 
"love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity  - happy anniversary <propmale>"
let's go pitt    kick those arrogant fighting <propfemale>'s butts!
its about time pitt puts it together here's to an defeated big east schedule   pens won   now here we go steelers!
"i told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine; he gets better with age  last night, she locked me in the cellar "
happy thanksgiving everyone
bring on the 'eers
god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh 
solo <propfemale> altro giorno in paradiso 
why can't we all just get along? it's the holidays   can't we just pretend for 3 weeks?
let's go pitt!!!!
sleep glorious sleep     
thank you all for your birthday wishes   
mwwhahahaha     j  e  t  s  stink   stink   stink
first day off in awhile   really needed the rest  smile 
what does a tornado and a packers fan going through a divorce have in common?    someone's losing a trailer!
"trying out android app starttalking - hands free text messaging, facebook and more  check it out - it's free at http annoyed  www starttalking com "
"$100 to anyone who <propfirst> shut <propfirst> \i hate the steelers\"" aikman's stupid mouth!!!"""
all right trying to give refs benefit of the doubt   goodell has to have a hand in this   time to take out the refs!!!!
   game over no one has ever come back from 11 down   
<--- no faith
no reason for that sack
aikman is such a jerk   really he needs to be shut up
its all over   really steelers    you gave them the game 3 turn overs     21 points without them they have 7 way dumb%&5$#'
great games end with my team winning   however 21 points off turnovers does constitute a great game   it constitutes a great big mistake filled game 
be ashamed steelers    you lost that one   they didn't beat you in any category but score   the only one that counts   
<propfirst> wellington just told me he is proud of his secrets    what the???
"man united   great win   now time for turning attention to pitt   bring on 'nova    9  p m  #4 pitt @ #10 villanova, clash of the titans   never forget march '09 make them pay   hail to pitt!!!!!!!!"
just an idea here when you are new to a job its probably not a good idea to come in everyday and whine about every ailment you have!!!! the hundreds and hundreds of ailments!
excited about this weekend with my wife   
does florida sound good to anyone else?
just watched spartacus gods of the arena finale   i loved it! should have made the show originally about galacus! what a great ending   can't wait for new season in 2012!
"pra boys in 1st, pra girls in third, never thought i'd see the day when the boys out scored the girls, or even broke the top 5   nice work boys!!! time to pick up the slck girl 3 points out of second, 23 out of first    time to take down the jcc"
so proud of taylor   ams zones all-star
"if you saw two guys named hambone and flippy, you might ask yourself, i wonder which one likes dolphins more? you'd probably think it would be flippy, right? but you'd be wrong its hambone "
just give up pitt you obviously don't wanna be there
thats what i am talking about   lets go pitt!!!!!!!
"idea, play defense"
who will break pitts heart this year   
perhaps mcghee will down again
nope   there is the reason why small league ref's  shouldn't be aloud to call a game   how many times do we have to deal with bs
proud member of exaggerators anonymous   a trillion strong and growing 
1 week to go til zones
its anchorman not anchorlady and that's a scientific fact
