380f16e24574cac237261d7920f22a91
i don't feel well  sad 
"i'm feelin better    got the sniffles, but at least i don't have swine flu lol  smile  my life is reading and eating       how dull  playful "
omg    comp proposal due on monday     i am sooo dead (insert dieing noise here)
don't you hate that feeling like you are forgetting something really important    that is my life lol      at least im trying to get better  wink 
"oh man     who else feels like we didn't really win that game      i mean i know we won, but it doesn't feel like we did    "
yay!!!! my senior comp proposal was approved!!!  i am so happy  smile   now for the hard work  playful 
i feel like my life is being wrapped up in this twilight series craziness    i am freaking out because midnight sun isn't finished and i need it to be!!!
do you ever feel like your life is just going on without u    making you feel like you have very little to do with what decisions are made or not made?  i feel like that now   
on my way to kats house for new years  smile 
excited for this new year    hopefully it's better than the last  smile  *fingers crossed*
going to <propfirst> and bills  smile 
"fights aren't fun, but making up is  wink "
oh man back in the routine     playful  can't wait for the weekend    even though i have to do work all weekend    f-ing comps      only going out one day this weekend    idk which one    any suggestions?
"isn't it amazing how you can hear a song a million times and forget why you liked it at all    then one day, randomly you hear it again and realize what you've been missing  smile   that happened to me just now with the bravery's split me wide open"
sometimes you forget how much the people in your life mean to you    tell someone what they mean to you today  smile 
i hate comps     and i hate teachers who make you feel like shit    not mentioning any names    but you know who they are  playful 
oh snap     that is all    
dress sites should tell you that you need to resend you your measurements before you waste a week waiting for it to come  playful 
hey everyone i lost my phone so if u txted me sorry i didn't get back to u    i should have a new one by next week
"is in sicklerville, nj    lame lol jk i like spending time with my family    going to brick on the 13th!  excited for my grad party on the 27th!"
when did life get so complicated?  i feel like it was around 18    finding yourself is a b!%ch
ugh drama
"gas for driving to tn from nj - $200,  <propfemale> meade plantation admission - $16, getting kat to develop a southern accent     priceless"
trueblood!!!!! i know i'm a weirdo    i just love it  wink 
lol i'm watching suite life on deck     who knew some one could come up with a children's show more corny than <propmale>     thank you disney channel!
you are only as strong as you think you are   
life    it's happening so you better not miss it  wink 
trueblood!
life is a funny thing    enough said   
just had my first interview  smile  i think it went pretty well!!!
charleston is such a cool city   definitely a note on the bucket list   wink 
i am so pissed i have to wait two weeks for trueblood  playful  booo
today is the most beautiful day i have ever seen outside    i can feel autumn coming  smile  my favorite
"losing love is like losing your toe    you still try to walk, but it's never quite the same "
"we are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate  the world is all gates, all opportunities \-<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
go <propfemale>! beat spartans!
meet pause is awesome!!!!
"ugh    not feeling so hot today    not only because nd lost to <propmale>, but because my throat is on fir and my nose won't stop dripping  playful "
just found a bug on me  playful  ew     i wasn't even outside!!
first day of work in 35 minutes! yay!!
last night was very    interesting hahaha
"i know i can't take a four year old seriously, but when they aren't nice to me it hurts lol"
hmmmm i think another word for racket is about to go down  wink 
cleaning up your act is a lot more than just cleaning up    but it's a start
yes my profile pic is of me in an ice blue mustang convertible on the seaside boardwalk lol
i love picking pumpkins!!!
headliner!!!! <propfemale> jupiter is n her way!   
meet me at aztec in seaside     kill the stock     thank the bennies for allowing them to buy too much alcohol lol
live ya life
birthday!!!! yaya coming in 10 days    sooo excited!  wink 
"birthdays are my favorite     it should be a national holiday!  i mean i love that i was born, don't you? haha jk"
going to see tangled!!! whose excited to live like its 1993! haha jk
christmas is coming!!!!
not feeling so hot    at all   
please pray for my dad    he is going in for emergency surgery tomorrow and we need the support    thanks
hey dads ok  smile  thanks for your prayers everyone!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone! i am just chilling out and eating today haha my favorite!
work canceled today!!! yay    debating whether or not i want to start a snowball fight with someone     perhaps after i build a snow fort    off to cause some havoc
i made a snow slide and an igloo today! so awesome    only bad part about snow is that it makes my house really cold!!! my feet are freezing!!!
just got my new iphone 4!!! so excited    i will text all the people whose <propfirst> i have tomorrow  smile 
sick    again!  annoyed 
i think i have strep throat    woke up too late to go today    oh well    don't try to see me cause you will catch the black death
"everybody pray for <propfemale>, my stepmom    she is recovering from surgery and i love her so much i just want her healthy again  smile "
shoe shopping at the outlets and <propmale> and <propfemale>'s for linner    with the bff    best day ever  wink 
"conversation between one of the kids and i at school \james: ms  <propfemale>, i'm gonna miss you\me: i'll miss you too sweetie\james: but you'll always be in my heart \lol in case you were wondering what the cutest sentence a four year old can say    that's it  smile "
tgif! lol loving my weekends  wink 
fingers crossed    i just got a call from a recruiter today and i have an interview friday!! so excited  laugh 
my back is knotted up like a pretzel    arghh!!
good times at the st  patricks day parade and festivities    pasadena rocks my life!
lol so many glasses of water in my room    i feel like the girl from signs    at least if aliens attack i'll be ready  wink 
     annoyed  i just saw a pigeon with one foot     saddest thing ever    at least someone left him a piece of cracker on the ground   
keep your <propfemale> up kid!
omg i need a massage right now my whole neck and back are killing me  sad     any takers
the fast food garbage monster on the floor of kats front seat almost ate my foot off last night    beware if you are going to get a ride from her    its beginning to consume the seat itself!
"screw california\and friends that are never there\and places that they oughta\pretend that they even care\      - rogue wave\    e playful lains my e playful erience with that place pretty well"
why do i love the show shameless? because it makes me feel better about my life in sooo many ways  smile 
can't sleep!! ugh f 8 o'clock tiredness and it's ability to make me pass out on the couch!
"it's alright, just wait and see your\string of lights are still bright to me, oh\who you are is not where you've been\you're still an innocent"
why do i never remember to take pictures when i'm out    very upsetting when i get home and have nothing to remember the night with #fail
