213661b54c16e0e7bf4ea4c721e03a46
happy first day of 2011 everyone! i get to start 2011 with a cold! wheeee! stupid annoying germs 
being boggled by trigonometry problems! ugh!!! this is making me scared of calculus next semester  annoyed 
mmmmm  lazy monday   it has been a while since i had one of these   too bad vicodin not working well enough to actually do much today   finding movies it is   any suggestions? i don't even know whats out in the theater thats worth watching 
blah feeling sick today   stupid head cold   stay healthy u guys! being sick sux!!!  gonna go run a piping hot bath and soak for an hour 
"happy birthday <propmale>, and have a happy blow stuff up day all!!!  today is yet one of the greatest days of blatant redneck commercialism ever!!!  i plan on making the best of it   not sure where i will end up, but i want to see some good kabooms and sparkles "
"ouch, stupid impacted wisdom tooth went abcess on the night of the 3rd, so all day the 4th it was throbbing, and on the 5th the dentists were all closed   yesterday i call and they say only walkins if you aren't already a patient   so in a couple hours i am going to walk in right when they open  yay emergency oral surgery on my 5th wedding anniversary!"
ow face hurts   i went to emergency today and they took and x <propfirst> and poked a probe deep into my hurt tooth   no abcess say they   so no antibiotics for me   i need to get my cramped wisdom teeth yanked out   sad  sucks being one of the 30 million americans with no health insurance     my stupid jaw is still on fire 
"woken up by an earthquake about an hour ago   exciting morning!!!  its great when you awake to walls swaying, not knowing if you need to get up and get to a safe place, or if it is just going to roll away   it wasn't even bad enough to get out of bed, but nature reminds us that she has the power, and that we are measly insignificant squishies   i love it! makes me glad to be alive "
spent the whole morning digging up photos to put on facebook   got lots of family photos if anyone feels like checking them out 
"10 smile 0 and already getting close to 100 degrees   ukiah is hot this time of year   it has been fun, but i am looking forward to going back to the coast  i am gonna get outa here before it gets to be 115 again "
"watching 1980 shogun\\i understand a lot more about it than i did 15 years ago   good movie  it is 6 hours though "
foggy cool day   nice day for lots of chess! *contemplates the universe*
wow this is some good coffee   it has been forever since i drank coffee   damn socially acceptable drugs and their oh sooooo goodness 
"wow, it is amazing how much staying up a few extra hours makes me hurt the next morning   stupid psoriatic arthritis   i could barely roll out of bed and into my slippers to get to the bathroom this morning   sad    i got some food and medicine down me so i should be ok soon "
fun sunday  we went out to the river bar and got the truck stuck   big dodge turbo diesel up to its front bumper in a <propfirst> sinkhole   luckily there was a tractor available not a far quad ride away   after that fiasco we set up targets and blasted them away with various firearms   quite an enjoyable day indeed   laugh 
out of town today  going to c the kid   laugh 
poor <propfemale> is still poisoned   she is surviving right now but barely   still paralyzed and her eyes are bleeding   mom and sisters and i are 24 hour keeping tabs on her and helping her   her symptoms match rat poison so far   i hope she will some day recover to her happy bouncy <propfemale> self     it is scary to see people you care about go through this kinda stuff  even dog people  everyone cross your fingers for <propfemale>!
"ugh, its tough this morning  hard to type even cuz of my stupid swolen balloon hand   thing that is scaring me is my right hand is starting to do it too   i may not be able to use my hands for anything for much longer   i wish i could afford good medicine   all they give poor people like me is garbage that has been known to barely do anything since the 1950s except cause liver and kidney damage   sad "
wow monday is already over   i better do my math homework!!! stupid trig    
"yay!!! melting broken x box 360s back together again today!!! oh what fun!!! 1 for 1 so far, got 2 to go "
"oh boy! math today! got 1 of the 3 dead xboxes working yesterday   1 of the other 2 will work for sure, it will just take more time   the one that came to me in pieces with no screws at all may not make it though   the melting fixing process requires rigidity "
"is happy to be back in school! campus feels energized with everyone running around freaking about adding classes and getting books, and teachers frantically trying to get curriculum rolling   fun times these first weeks of school "
"anybody know a good resource for <propfemale> <propfirst> or qigong (<propfirst> gong)   i need to start practicing   my normal pt and stretches aren't doing the trick anymore   they help of course, but i am looking for more low impact movement for the mornings   if i do my regular pt for 20 <propfemale>, then qigong for 20 <propfemale>utes it should help a lot with my ability to walk and move and actually do stuff   walking around campus is kicking my ass!!!"
"good morning cyber space   i am writing to inform you all that there shall no longer be the rowling of the pookin   little 22 year old pookin <propfemale> passed away this morning, between 3 smile 0 and 9 surprise 0 am   she lived a long, happy, very full life of pookinating and rowling   many knew her as the zombie cat   this is because she actually died about three years ago, but she was too old and senile to remember it "
so sad  i tried to update my wii to 4 2u so i could play metroid other m   and now it doesn't turn on any more  *cry* time to hit the forums and figure out how to unbrick wiis   i think i was an idiot though because i lost my backup of my nand before bricking it    i should have made a new one before even trying   wish me luck!!!
freaking a  never play chess when exhausted tired    you will blunder your wins away over and over    lost 20 points on 1 guy cuz of stupid blunders   sad 
"ugh, i really don't want to do math today  geh  if i don't go today then tomorrow will be the only <propmale> i get for my test, which means i do not get to retake it if i fail   annoyed  bleh  cmon <propfirst>! make that brain work!!! *bonk* nope, not working         clarity of mind would work better if i didn't freaking hurt all the time  ugh  even skipped the vicodin today "
looks like plans to go target shooting are off  our out door day is currently being rained out   sad   oh the humanity!!! *cries*
"playing probably the scariest game i have played since resident evil 1 (back when it was actually scary)   it is called amnesia  - the dark descent   there are no weapons, so it is kind of strange puzzly, not anything unique or new in gameplay, but omg it is the creepiest game i have ever played! great fun  laugh "
music and video games ftw when trying to wind down  omg!
"omg tekken tag 2 summer 2011 in japan!!! thats it, i am moving there! who is coming with me?!?!?"
is contemplative of the universe today 
just wants to bang on his drum all day! (figuratively speaking)
"shot about 190 rounds yesterday with the pea shooters ( 22s)   it was quite fun making cans dance! i need to get a cleaning <propfemale> for my guns  i am a bad gun owner, haven't cleaned my babies since sometime last year!  sad "
"had a fun friday night  played munchkin and had a great time squabbling about card rules  wohoo! that game is a blast, even though its frantic and frustrating "
"one <propfemale> two <propfemale> three <propfemale> floor! ugh, head hurts today    (even though the three <propfemale> didn't actually floor me because they were each a couple hours apart) probably an only 4 hours of sleep headache  stupid neighbor dog has been barking strait since 9 am, and only quits for about three seconds at a time  i hope he loses his voice! (if only it were possible)"
"mmmmm, chocolate cake w dark chocolate frosting, topped with vanilla ice cream and hot fudge ftw!!!! not used to that much sugar anymore    but omg yum!!!"
finally beat civilization v on normal difficulty with a <propfemale> earth map  time to ramp it up and try against good <propfemale>  i wonder if it has resource cheats   sad  i should read up to see what the best non-cheating setting is 
"woot  done with some serious binge gaming  beat civ 5 yesterday, and today i finished off puzzle quest 2  on to the next game!!! actually math problems  *cry* gaul dangle flibble flap homework!!!"
"ow        ect      qq about hurting after doing absolutely nothing to bring it on  stupid immune system      my left foot, left knee, left elbow, and left hand are all swollen as hell today for no apparent reason  i took it way easy this weekend  didn't even go to the big party saturday for fear that drinking and standing would make me hurt like this     "
"eek! up too late playing kings bounty armored <propfemale>  name is bizarre but it is really an awesome game! like an rpg mixed with heroes of might and magic  nevermind the implications of leveling up my mighty steed till it gets wings, and grinding my baby pet dragon up for 200 years till its a strong companion  turn based strategy rpgs ftw!"
"going to visit my daughter krystyn today   laugh  it is a long drive, but it has been way too long since i saw her  wish me luck! roads are slippery today  i hope the misses is in a better mood than last time "
"omg, fallout new vegas, finally done getting here! time for some digital addiction!!! wheeee!!!!"
whee time for a math test!!! and all i wanna do is beat fallout new vegas    stupid rl always getting in the way   
headed south to see the kid this weekend  her 3rd birthday party this saturday   laugh !
"finally about to beat kings bounty armored <propfemale>! finally get to play the e playful ansion  woot! fallout new vegas wasn't long enough  *cry* only 60 hours, and i did most everything i could besides a 2nd character "
"zomg!!! company of heroes online mmo??? how does that work? it is free to play for anyone that likes real time strategy games, and has a good internet connection  the game has almost a 7 gig install file it has to download, and requires a decent video card (most things 512meg or higher will do)  i am dling it right now  i hope it rocks as much as regular company of heroes does "
"today the dark gloomy personal rain cloud sets in  there is finally a game that my pc isn't good enough to play on even the lowest settings    *cry* call of duty black ops is sooooooooo laggy on my comp that the mouse has almost a 1 2 second delay in big fights, and e playful losions just drop it to about 4 frames per second    on lowest settings  *cry* i wonder how awful it looks on the wii  time to find out!"
"math test! oh boy! just have to remember a(t) = a(o) x e^kt and how it applies to heating, cooling, radioactive decay, population growth, spreading of infection in a population, growth of organisms, and bank loans and interest rates!!! for all of these seemingly unassociated things follow the same formula "
"dangit  @ 2 pumpkin pies in the fridge, and i can not steal any for two whole days!!! *cry* it is ok though  i shall be plenty thankful that they aren't gone when the feasting begins  early happy turkey genocide day everyone!!!"
3 hours 30 minutes and counting till turkey genocide day   i am thankful that turkeys taste so good!!! and for family to fest with 
"kings bounty armored <propfemale> finished! no longer shall i sail the world in my scanty <propfemale> armor, bashing forces of evil with hordes of holy minions! it was a great game  i did skip most of the \story\"" parts due to overload of <propfemale>y themes  but all relevant information is stored in your quest book so it was no prob  time to play the e playful ansion!  laugh !"""
"good thanksgiving! maa finished making the feast before due to a two day head start  we all <propmale> out in my room video gaming while having thanksgiving dinner for most of the day! we had 8-16 bit emulators going on the wii with stuff like boulder-dash, super bomberman, tiger heli, while taking turns playing dirt 2 (best rally racing game ever) on the pc with the 360 control  best holiday i have had in a while   laugh "
"can't sleep  feeling anxious about nothing at all  i don't understand why my brain won't wind down  i don't want to take a lortab to knock me out cuz i already took them 4 nights this week  hrmmmmm, maybe i should watch a long boring movie  that usually puts me to sleep!"
can't wait to see the end of the walking dead!!! cmon seeders gimme gimme!
"is currently very inspired to work on my flash fighting game engine again  i want to set up a bluescreen somewhere and take pics of a bunch of my friends in various poses so i can make my first fighting game starring my rl friends  hrmmmm, maybe boffer fighting game? we wouldn't have to invent props "
is scared of his math final next week 
just saw shichinin no samurai (seven samurai) 1954 all the way through  3 hour 45 minute akira kurasawa black and white  quite the epic movie for an old one  i would recommend to any fan of swordplay and samurai 
"is quite upset at studying all day long, then going to take my midterm and forgetting to eat before hand, then almost passing out right in the middle of it from low blood sugar, resulting in a d     i am going to retake it tomorrow morning on my way out of town  i will be sure to eat right before taking that stupid 2 hour 30 minute test again        arg!!!"
sitting out in the woods  listening to the rain  a bazillion <propmale> from civilization  (actually only about 70) at least there is decent internets out here still  hehehe  now i get to try to cram the last few points worth of math redoos before midnight to see if i can pull my nose up enough to not blow up (get a c instead of a d in my stupid math class   )
"on a bit of a retro spree this holiday season  i am getting an old game that i remember loving a lot  the game is uprising  you play a command tank that rolls around a 3d map blasting baddies and capping control points, on which you build citadels  once up, you defend them till guard turrets are done, then crank out armies of troops to do your bidding  i hope it is as cool as i remember back in 99  lol"
"wow  i just had a bit of a shocker  i just found the remnants of an electrical fire that started in the laundry room  the socket that the washer was in has a black melted plastic face, and the screw holding the face in is melted from arcing    good thing these things are engineered to contain fire  i will file that one under \near miss\"" on the personal catastrophy book """
"well, i made a trip up to hsu this morning with scra for orientation only to find my name not on the transfer list  i need to go cause a ruccus at the admin office at cr and qq at them about it and see if my transfer went through  on a good note though, i found out i got a b- in my math class last semester instead of the d i thought i had  she must have graded on a curve  woot! no more trig!"
friday night woot woot! time to go be a dork with friends! *cheer*
woke up after a long dream about the misses and the kid  missing loved ones never puts me in a good frame of mind  at least the superbowl is today  fellowship and socializing with friends and family should cheer me up 
"only a few hours till i get to go pwn noobs at <propfemale> vs capcom 3!!!! (although i am also going to be a noob, so there may not be much good pwning either way)"
"whelp <propfemale> vs capcom 3 is quite fun  so far the best tactic is back back, down forward fierce, down forward fierce, down forward fierce, assist, down forward fierce, down forward fierce, back back, jump away, down forward fierce, down forwrd fierce, rinse repeat  ofcourse once any of us get good this will only be a 50 50 tactic  but it is the ultimate noob slayer  as we noobs found out last night at 2 am "
here is that cold snap that all the local farmers were worried about killing off their flowers after the false spring in january  (stares outside at the falling hail)
"4th day of no wheels   sad  the jeep finally decided that its problems were bad enough to stop going anywhere  today is the first day of non-hailstorms in a while, so wish me luck in getting her fixed before the ice starts falling again!"
"soap box time! what drives people? why do we do what we do? greek mythology claims that the gods envy us because being mortal means our days will run out, which gives so much value to the few days that we have  religious folk have the will of god to give them drive, and the faith in big rewards later for how they spend each day now "
just finished helping load a cord of random chunks of river bar wood into the woodshed in preparation for the upcoming freeze  got a <propfemale> vs capcom 3 disc last night! woot! tekken 6 and the hori fight stick just got here this morning  ut oh! i feel a 10 hour combo learning marathon coming on! ack someone save meeeeee!!!! its taking controllllll!!!!!!!!!!
hmmmmm  just beat tekken 6 arcade mode on the hardest with 1 move   i didn't even die till the very last huge dragon boss  and that fight just took a couple rounds to realize which moves had super armor and which didn't  tekken 6 is rather noob  at least 1 player it is   block block block <propfemale> nuts kick punish should not be the ultimate winning strategy 
"ugh, hand hurts from <propfemale> vs capcom 3 flash kick spam last night   today i won't even be able to practice combos   sad   oh wellz  mafia ii seems like a cool game so far  gameplay is not very challenging, but its a good story  it is everything that they tried to do with the old dreamcast game shenmu, but done well, and italian mafia instead of yokuza "
"ugh, no fun   sad  my foot has been swollen up and my various other joints have been killing me this weekend   also saw the misses briefly which always tops anything with a thick layer of knots in stomach stress, which usually makes my stupid health go haywire  i was planning to get out today and accomplish, but i am not sure if i can  sorry world, i will probably see you on the next spin around "
"the whole coast is being scared of tidal waves, and i am just having fun practicing <propfemale> vs capcom 3 combos! after watching a couple hours of tsunami videos this morning, i decided to study some combo strats   up to 1 3 million damage in 1 comnbo with 4 supers no x factor with sentinel trish dante  (average character health is a little below 1 million, with the big tanks having a little over 1 million)"
"sick today  ugh  i don't know who gave me a cold, but i have one now  batten the hatches! sandbag the whole town! i hope it isn't a big one, but i am going to be prepared just incase   it will probably be gone by tomorrow  *hopes*"
sick sick sick     stupid sniffles and cough and fever and aches and sleeping all day again  sorry to anyone else that i got sick  i should have been wearing a sneeze mask out in public  i usually do when i have the sniffles and i go to school and whatnot  i hate getting others sick   sad  sorry all!
oh noes! you aren't wearing green! *pinch*
lol  is it strange to feel the warmth of sunlight coming through the window while it is also hailing outside? such strange weather we are having these days 
"hahaha! i just found a way to make my broken tekken 6 hori stick button to work again  online it was suggested that i take it out of its case and throw it against the wall really hard, and if it doesn't break, it will work again almost for sure  i did the next best thing and whacked it really solid with a deadblow mallet and it seems to be working fine now "
just got done with a 6 hour wrasling match with the f st  plumbing  or i should say lack there of  lol! we have a functional main grey water drain for the first time in goodness knows how long  now eureka can have all our yummy grey water instead of it spurting all over under the house and yard    once it dries i am going to go under and do a rot inspection         wish me luck  should be a few days from now 
studying building interactive menus and inventory systems in adobee flash with action script 3   hopefully this will help me be more useful in the creation process of video games   perhaps some day i will even be able to live my dream and get paid to make video games   it has been my dream since i was 9 years old   now to find enough motivation to grind my skills up!!!
eek  stayed up too late playing dragon age 2  that game is awesome! though much smaller scope than the first one  acting and combat are better though  on insane difficult its actually hard! omg!!!!!!! a difficult rpg? didn't know they still made those   laugh 
"just got shogun total war 2, assasins creed brotherhood, and two worlds 2 last night  time for a fun filled weekend of gaming!!!  laugh "
happy mischief day everyone! i am staying in doors and vegging on some new games as to avoid the looming storm of pranks 
"good lord  why are the foodstuffs that i hate the most turning out to be what my body needs the most     first apple cider vinegar tinctures, then i had to learn to eat red onions (blah!)  followed by broccoli (one of my oldest nemesis), and now coconut oil!? maybe if i keep adding foods i hate to my diet eventually i will be healthy again  lol!"
