e1b1ea4c0a13a185b41a8e69cf86f543
happy new year!
putting effort into facebook = time consuming
"oh math homework, how i despise you "
is very happy about not having to wake up until 9 tomorrow  smile 
blah
 smile 
i probably should be sleeping   oh well  smile 
why is wuthering heights considered a good book?!
likes driving around in the rain  smile 
<propmale> potter trailers make me very very happy  smile 
"ok rain, you can stop now "
"fake mustaches, acrobats, cotton <propfemale>, henna tattoos, apples to apples and pride and prejudice = best day ever!"
so tired   i hate you homework
found out today that my car was so broken that its a miracle that i didn't get in an accident 
who wants to read wuthering heights for me?
 smile 
loves picnics  smile 
is ignoring her homework and hoping that it will get the hint and leave 
is very very happy  smile 
just bought a lottery ticket  smile 
 smile 
had a pretty awesome day  smile 
is seriously lacking skills in the pumpkin carving department   
is tired
loves being in stillwater  smile 
is back in eau <propfemale>
finally has her senior pictures  smile 
doesn't have to be at school until noon tomorrow  smile 
"so, a recycling bin just got slammed into my house  pretty sure i have now e playful erienced a heart attack "
"heal my heart and make it clean, open up my eyes to the things unseen, show me how to love like you have loved me "
is sick  sad 
can't decide which senior picture to give the yearbook people  anyone want to help me?
"can't fall asleep, don't know why "
salt water taffy = sooo good  smile 
the slightest hint of you brought me down to my knees 
"took a nap earlier, bad idea   "
"is very happy, good job <propfemale>  smile "
is very bored   
should be sleeping
"had an awful day, hopefully tomorrow will be better  smile "
today was fun  smile 
"wants it to snow, not rain!"
why can't i fall asleep!?!?!?!?!
got a new coat today  smile 
oh english essays   how i despise you 
thinks that her psych paper should write itself   
looks like an eskimo due to the temp  of her room being below zero   
"time for swimming in gym, oh joy "
hey snow! feel free to stop anytime 
is watching white christmas  smile 
just spent 2+ hours trying to dig my car out  so tired 
"so the plow just went down my street, but decided not to plow it!!"
my car has decided it doesn't want to work anymore  i don't approve 
is wrapping presents  smile 
packers  sad 
<propfemale> christmas!
can't fall asleep  sad 
packers are in the playoffs!!!!!!
likes road trips  smile 
iowa is boring   
is in kansas city 
has bronchitis   oh joy 
superbowl!!!!!!!
"third night in a row that i can't fall asleep, i would really like to know why "
is freaking out!
"take me to a place, where i can see you face to face, and all i want to do, all i want to do, is worship you"
go pack go!
we won! yessssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
improv show!
i don't understand this whole walk out on <propmale> thing  how is walking out on teachers standing up for them?
