d53b360d6c1c7e5d674855d290fd6b4c
woo hoo! i got the job!  smile 
woo hoo! we both got the job!!!  smile 
moved into the house on friday and today the ac breaks   maybe i'm a curse   
made it out of surgery!  laugh 
looks like more hospital time for me   sad   at least it's not <propmale> 
had a great july 4th!  smile 
is sore from working out   my body doesn't recognize this torture!
is feeling seriously confused 
is wondering if there is such a thing as an icee hangover 
is wondering where her friend is   
thinks nerds are hot   wink 
"i'm heading to the hospital tomorrow for 3 days to undergo my transformation into spiderwoman   or some other radioactive superhero   unfortunately i won't have my phone, so i won't get any messages until late wednesday   so if anyone calls texts, i'm not"
i'm finally home! thanks to everyone who kept me in their thoughts prayers  smile 
"cheetos, pizza, french fries, hamburgers, mashed potatoes, doritos, chinese food, hot dogs, all dairy products, fajitas, tortillas, and the list goes on and on   **sigh**   all the things i'm still not allowed to eat   sad "
fe8i4a9 jemapjfieowa jfoepamczm cj9ea=[l'z vjc mklenauil;vszk  that's right 
why did this awesome weekend have to go by so quickly??
"<propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and now i have a new one to add to the list   now i'm <propfemale> apparently "
found out the complete ally mcbeal series is finally coming out on dvd this tuesday! i'm so excited!!!  luv'd that show!!
just saw last episode of grey's   does anyone know what's going on with izzie??  is that for real????
has it really almost been 10 years since i was in undergrad?  i feel so old!
got my tickets for new <propfemale> on friday!! can't wait!
is extremely upset that fiyero is dead   poor elphaba!
i can't believe it's only wednesday   
"happy birthday, ari-g!!!!!"
i can't believe <propfemale> murphy died   so sad   
one year ago today i never would have thought that just a year later i'd be this happy   2011 is starting off great!
"aqua, pink, and white"
"doppelganger week   change your profile pic to a pic of someone that you're told you look like   repost after    i have to say that i don't see it at all, cuz she's so pretty, but oddly enough, i get it a lot   ???"
enjoying spring break bliss!!!
happy easter!!!!
anyone else going to tcase on friday??  smile 
<propfirst> <propmale> is filming a commercial at my school today!!
i learned at tcase that i have pted 
elphaba on glee!!!
watching old episodes of ally mcbeal  smile 
finally had a hamburger from stonewerks   yummy!  smile 
my day off and i'm undergoing more medical tests and bloodwork   yuck 
went to church at my old childhood church   so many things have changed! i remember fighting with <propfemale> over who would get to vacuum the floor and now they don't even have carpet  i'm glad some of the old school stuff hasn't changed though  i think i'm going to start going here instead 
my brother is the most awesome guy ever!!!
just got bad news on my bloodwork   kinda scared  sad 
"at the doctor's office, waiting for my results  terrified "
"the doctor thinks the cancer is back  in my lymph node this time   thanks for all your prayers, i can really use them  this really got me down "
"had my biopsy today  it really sucked, but i'm glad it's over  now, i wait "
"quick question   how many of us truly know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you   i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get "
update: i have to have surgery again and another radiation treatment to remove the cancer  sad 
getting ready for <propfirst>!  smile 
my cat keeps finding snakes and bringing them into the house!!
having labwork done for my surgery  sad 
insomnia  sux 
go cowboys!!!
go rangers!!!!!
"what happened to when people gave you their word, it actually meant something?"
outside giving out <propfemale> to the neighborhood rugrats  they are sooo cute!!
taking a trip down memory <propfirst>   
at the doctor's office waiting for my lab results   hope everything is ok this time around!
zero cancer cells! yay!!!
i was supposed to marry <propfirst> mcintyre 
"happy birthday to my bestest friend, miss ari-g!!!!"
here goes nothing 
i just ran into my 6th grade crush at church   who knew 21 years later i'd finally get to talk to him lol 
go spurs!!!! woo hoo!!!
