372757154803588e743074bc58b057e5
turnin in  see y'all next year!
finally 2011  hopefully this year'll be better than the last   
just joined facebook  yay   
whoa  must be bored as hell if im on facebook!
"it's about 4 surprise 5, nd im bored as hell, so txt me or somthin  im goin crazy!!"
"fam reunion this weekend  \really\"" lookin forward to that     """
goodnite world   
"finaly gonna go ridin today!!! bout damn time too, been workin on my bike forever and i finally got it fixed up  <propfemale> haw!!!"
headn to the autorama in a bit  goin to dinr afterwards  deer huntin tomoro!!!!!!
gonna go bowhuntin 2moro mornin!!!! hopefully ill get me a grande!!!
"kickin bak, watchin never back down  most badass movie ever!!!"
"wow  my friggin truck caught on fire, again!!! what did i do to deserve this?!!!!!"
damn   i shure am sore from today   
damn! doin 200 push-ups in a half an hour sure does wear you out!!
"\like memories in cold decay  transmissions echoing away  far from the world of you and i  where oceans bleed into the sky \"""""
hates his schedule   
has finally come to a conclusion   
just woke up an hour ago  aint shure what im gonna do today 
wow  for once its actually nice in fortuna  think hell must've froze over  
"damn, lookin at photos o me last year nd this year  barely recognize myself"
"man, i shure hope it rains this weekend "
"this frickin sucks! could be huntin rite now, but nope  got sick  lameee    "
sooper dooper pooper scooper
"sweet! home alone all till fridy!!! when life gives ya lemons, ya make lemonade  in this case, when life gives ya beer, throw a party!!!!!"
cant wait till the weekend!!!!
"got me a big ass 4x4 up on jones ridge yesterday!!!! pain in the ass packin him out tho, but hell if it aint worth it!!!"
just got done cutn som deer meat up  jerky in a few days!
just chillin   
<propmale> chesney rips!!!!!!!
dad gotta nice 2x3 this mornin out in bear river! over 20 inches hi!!
wonder if i should go into the marines after high school   ?
wow  didnt see crap all day    hope next weekend is better   
school tomoro  yay   
aggghhh!!!! why in the hell did they invent homework?!?!?!
"finaly got the damn yota fixed today! still gotta install the power steering hose, but at least it runs!!!"
dang    cant go to the party cuz i aint got no ride! time for plan b    
goin huntin tomoro mornin  hopefully ill see that 24 incher out there again this year  gonna hav a crap load o jerky by the end o the weekend!!!
"last day o hunting season in b4    saw a nice 2x3 but couldnt shoot it cuz it was too early  othr than that didnt see nuthin    ah well, there's always next year "
"war does not determine who is right, only who is left "
gonna go shoot me a big <propmale> tonite! wish me luck   
egh    feel like sleepin the whole weekend    
i really want a 2011 dodge challenger   
well    the ol' man ditched me nd went to go huntin at jones ridge w o me while im stuk in skool  typical   
"kickin back, listenin to some <propfirst> strait  livin' the good life "
"egh    gotta crapload o' history homework that i dont wanna do    i swear, history is by far the most useless subject out there!!!"
sweet!! got the house to myself for the night!!! party time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"i swear, im gonna smack the crap outta that damn gelding    reared up at me nd then tried to friggin' cow-kick me thru the bars o the round pen!! peckerhead   "
damn    realy wish i had my license rite now   
"well, looks like im stuck in tunaville for the rest o the evenin  reckon i aint goin to nicks tonite    bummer    "
tired o all this damn fog    wish it was summer again   
"man, it shure is good be back up on the ridge again!"
"ok, somehow i managed to stab myself in the thumb with the latch on my belt buckle    and i tell ya what, it didnt feel to good    : ("
"kickin back, chillin to some good ol' <propmale> chesney    cant get much better than this   "
*sigh* wish i was at the ranch rite now   
lovin life  plain and simple 
"well, looks like im stuck in tahoe for the weekend   "
"yeah, bring on the rain!! gonna go rip it up in the mud with the camo yote!!! thats how we do it in the backwoods!! hahaha!"
"dang, hope it rains a little more  the yote's in desprate need ofa fresh coat o mud!!"
this sux    the battery on my frickin yota died again    wonder what keeps drainin the damn thing   
"got my halloween costume picked out, nd i gotta tell y'all, its perty sexy!!"
thinkin about going into the u s  coast guard after high school   
damn    11 smile 0 alredy  reckon its time for me to hit the hay   
"ok, perty sure that \every breath you take\"" by <propfirst> strait is the best song out there  bar none """
"halloween was perty sick! bum deal i didnt get to throw none tho    went thru all that work and i had to go home early    oh well, next time i reckon   "
"there aint no words that can e playful ress how bored i am    txt me, or somthin! bout to go insane!!!"
cant wait for thanksgivin' break!!!!!
wonder who'd win <propfemale> fight between trace adkins & <propfirst> <propfirst>   
"well, hound huntin this mornin was perty much hell     least the dog gotta chew on a coon this time   "
egh    all i gotta say's that english perty much blows    plain & simple   
"happy veterans day, everyone  pay tribute to those brave men and women who made it their sworn duty to protect our nation; those who laid their lives on the line to assure that our country stays free, safe, and secure  support our troops!"
hmmmm     im as bored as a 2x4  annoyed 
c'mon   just 1 more week o sufferin till thanksgivin break    frickin siked as hell!!!!
im hittin the hay  night y'all 
"fricikin fone's tweakin out on me, and its startin to piss me off  feel lik loadin it in a skeet launcher nd shootin the damn thing      annoyed "
"whew    finlly fixed the damn thing  i tell ya, my fone's frickin indestructable!!"
"i feel no shame, im proud of where i came from  i was born & raised in the boondocks   "
"im a nightmare, a disaster    that's what they've always said  i'm a lost cause, not a hero, but i'll make it on my own  i gotta prove 'em wrong    it's me against the world!"
   every <propfemale> has its thorn   
friggin pissed! didnt snow at my place last nite  sad 
dang    hope it snows here tonite  annoyed 
"i ain't as good as i once was, but i'm as good once as i ever was!"
aight it better friggin snow tonite otherwise im gonna be pissed     sad 
thats it  im movin to ft  seward   
wondrin if i should go back to the buzz cut  ?
"cant believe im sayin this, but cant wait till skool gets back in   "
damn near killed myself smackin into a tree on <propfemale>'s frickin rope swing   
"bored, gonna go wreak havoc round town   "
"ehhh, still real full from yesterdy    reckon now i prolly dont have to eat for a few more days "
"well, looks lik only 2 more days left o freedom    better make 'em count!!"
lovin life and all the simple things that make it!
one more day    better make it last!
"hounds ran a fox in bear river today  ended up emptyin a box o shells on it, pistol cant shoot worth shit    last day, gotta make 'er last!!!"
"well, reckon break's over    gotta go back to \work\"" tomaro  really lookin forward to that   """
bored    goin to bed    night y'all   
wishin i had my license rite about now   
"he bowed his head to jesus, and he stood for uncle <propfirst>  and he only loved one woman, was always proud of what he had  he said his greatest contribution is the ones he'll leave behind, raised on the ways and gentle kindness of a smalltown southern man   "
"heel to toe do-si-do, scootin our boots, swingin doors  b & d, kix and dunn, honkey tonk heaven, double shotgun  a good time    lord we havin a good time  yeah ive been workin all week and im tired, but i dont wanna sleep, i wanna have fun! its time for a good time!"
damn    cant believe how fast time goes by 
"here comes the rain again, falling from the stars  drenched in my pain again, becoming who we are, as my memory rests, but never forgets what i've lost   "
"egghh,  gotta go clean the horse stalls perty soon  aint lookin forward to that   "
save water    drink beer
so bored    i wanna party!! lol
just heard the most motivational lyrics ever: ya cant drink all day if ya dont start early!
"school tomorrow    reckon that deserves a sarcastic \yay\""   """
i love listenin to it rain   
"goddamn, this day sucked   "
"she's ridin in the middle of his pick-up truck, blarin <propfirst> daniels yellin, \turn it up!\"" they raised her up a lady but there's one thing they couldn't avoid: ladies love country boys!!!"""
"damn gelding    tried to cow-kick me through the gate, again  reckon i oughta go lighter on the alfalfa next time   "
"hmmm, love how the soft rains make everything seem so peaceful   "
"i'm gonna pack my bags, and never look back, run a parallel line with the railroad tracks, and make my getaway \i'll put the pedal to the metal as the sun goes down,\leave everybody sleepin in this sleepy town tonight  and at the break of day,\ i'll be a runaway   "
"yeeahh, i think all this rainy foggy crap is startin to get old real fast     annoyed "
"kickin back, listenin to some good ol' <propmale> chesney and waitin for the rain to get over with  perty much my whole day so far   "
frickin foggy up here on the hill  can barely see my hand in front of my face   
thinkin the camo yota needs a new paint job   
muddin is fun!!!!
"it's where i drank my first beer, it's where i found jesus \where i wrecked my first car, i tore it all to pieces  \i learned the path to heaven is full of sinners and believers  \learned that happiness on earth ain't just for high achievers  \i've learned, i've come to know, there's life at both ends,\on that red dirt road   "
kid rock - born free = most bad-ass song ever 
"keep on believin', dont give in,\you got the strength to raise the wind \remember what one dream can do,\you are unstoppable "
think im gonna paint the camo yota bright hemi orange   
christmas party today   
"well, its the anniversary    r i p"
all this friggin rain's just plain depressing   
damn near ran over a convict goin thru mccann today!
shootin' deers and drinkin' beers  thats how i roll   
"turn the quiet up, turn the noise down \let this whole world, just spin around \i wanna feel it sway-ay-ay, wanna feel it sway \put some feel-good in my soul \drink a little drink, smoke a little smoke "
"yeah, i'm from the backwoods, and i listen bluegrass, \and if you got a problem with any o' that,\you can kiss my country ass!"
"school tomorrow and i havent done a lick o' my make-up work  ah well, who needs math anyways?"
there's only one way you can always make your dreams come true: by changing what those dreams are     annoyed 
"maybe i'll settle down, get married, or stay single and stay free,\which ever road i travel, it's still a mystery to me \so i just sit right here, and have another beer in mexico   "
"thank yall for all my birthday wishes! to tell ya the truth, i still dont feel much older!! hahaha"
missin' summertime     annoyed 
"our houses are protected by the good lord and a gun,\you might meet em' both if ya show up here not welcome, son   "
wide awake as a crazy war vet during a 21 gun salute   
"hate it when ya try and log in but <propfemale> password dont work and ya think <propfemale> hacked but its just caps lock got left on   wow, i feel like a dumbass   "
"really aint likin the fact there's school tomorrow  but then again, who does?"
"lets see, 37 degrees and dropping     yep, reckon its gonna be another one o them nights huddled up by the fire w  the heater on full blast    "
"she was a cut-off's pepper sauce queen,\man we were maches and gasoline \first taste of love i never will forget,\i was gone and i ain't back yet!"
basketball game was badass!! beat laytonville 4 games outta 4!!! now thats what i call a helluva damn good day!!!!
"to everyone whose callin for stricter gun laws for what happened in tucson the other day, let me tell ya somthin: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, spoons made oprah fat and the government made you a dumbass! hold the person accountable for their actions, not the means they chose to utilize   "
headin to a baby shower in tunaville later 
"i wear this crown of thorns upon my liar's chair,\full of broken thoughts i cannot repair \beneath the stains of time the feelings disappear,\you are someone else, but i am still right here \and you can have it all: my empire of dirt,\i will let you down     i will make you hurt "
"damn, i feel like a dumbass     annoyed "
"i don't know why i love women that love to do me wrong,\don't know why my life sounds like a heartbroke country song  \i ain't really happy ,unless the sky starts drivin rain,\maybe i just get off on the pain "
too    much    english homework    
pop's cursin up a storm in the other room watchin his game  honory ol' fart    haha
<propfemale> makes her clothes fall off
gonna get a little bit sideways  wink 
frickin badasssss game!! 68 - 61!!!! double overtime!!!  laugh 
egh      finals  annoyed 
bored as all hell and beyond      annoyed 
"'cause i need a little twang,\a little hillbilly bendin' on some guitar strings \some peddle steel whinin' like a whistle of an ol' freight train \to get that foot stompin', honkey tonkin' feeling goin' through my veins,\i need a little twang, twang, twang "
gonna get raped by finals tomorrow  annoyed 
accomplished a lot today!
gonna get screwed by finals today      annoyed 
???(?_?)???
camo yota's got another damn gas leak    *sigh*
goin hound huntin in the mornin!
"got one good race outta the dogs today before the track turned cold    never tree'd nothin, caught a few trout, ate half o <propfirst>'s jerky  perty good day so far!"
always do sober what you said you'd do drunk  that'll teach you to keep your mouth shut   
"truck's completely caked in mud    been a good day, i reckon!"
some people are so disrespectful it's just sad   
"\every man's life ends the same way  it is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another \"" - <propmale> hemingway"""
"man, i love a good argument!"
"redneck word of the day: texas\i hate it when my girlfriend texas me when i'm in bed with my wife "
"if carrots are supposed to be good for your eyes, then how come i see so many dead rabbits on the highway?"
beauty is in the eyes of the beer holder 
"all a's and b's 'cept one f    in <propmale>  how ironic, i'm failing a class that requires you to do absolutely nothing   "
"keep gettin' requests from random people in eureka    must be famous round these parts, i guess! hahaha"
"well played, cubs! varsity lost, but that dont mean we gone soft!!!! we'll kick their sorry asses next time round!!!"
headin to the gymkhana in a bit 
"damn, just when ya think its gonna be a good day!  talk bout \rain on <propfemale> parade\""   """
hard to believe how much people have changed since ive known em   
hopin' it clears up soon    wanna go riding  annoyed 
"sweet, rains over! looks like its gonna be a beautiful day! woo-hoo!!!"
she thinks my tractor's sexy!!
"i believe in the right to keep and bear arms  one facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall  the supreme court of the united states has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual  if you believe in the 2nd amendment and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!"
goin' hittin the hay  night yall   
2010 dodge challenger + 6-speed automanual transmission + 6 7 litre supercharged hemi v8 = a shit-ton of american muscle!!!
wanna know how i know i'm a redneck? i didnt know what skype was till a few minutes ago   lol that sad or what?
"redneck word of the day: budweiser\hey man, your girlfriend's gotta nice body, budweiser face so ugly??"
"friggin' cahsee, why'd ya have to come along and ruin my whole day??  annoyed "
"second half o the cahsee tomorrow  \really\"" lookin forward to that     annoyed """
"wow, the sky's beautiful out tonight   "
"damn glad i got all that cahsee test bullshit over with finally    well, reckon its back to \slack-off\"" mode with me!! haha"""
career day tomorrow    better get what ones i asked for!! haha
"wow, such a beautiful sunset a moment ago "
there aint no cure for the summertime blues     annoyed 
"man, nothin' tastes better than cold pizza in the mornin!!"
varsity lost  those damn ref's need a good swift kick to the ass   
the steelers are gonna rip some packer ass!!!!!!!
let's go steelers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"damn, aint lookin too good for the steelers     f*ck the packers    "
"well, steelers lost  sad     ah well, id like to see them fudge packers take on the saints next year!!!!"
saw what looked like a mouse run across the floor just now   turned out to be just a giant ass spider    that a bad thing?
"redneck word o the day: mushroom\when all my buddies pile in my truck, there ain't very mushroom "
what's on your mind?
spell-check really doesn't like my name for some reason  haha
don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill your beer 
"well, looks like <propmale>'s gonna be spendin the night out in the woods tonite  hopefully find him come mornin    "
"thinkin facebook needs a \dislike\"" button"""
"ol '<propmale> taught me just how to stay alive,\you’ll never catch me out the house without my 9 or  45  \i got a big orange tractor and a diesel truck,\and my idea of heaven is chasin' white-tail bucks,\and as a country boy, i know i can survive   "
the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched  they must be felt with the heart 
goin to the branding at will's perty soon
"move it over <propmale> duke, make way for a real outlaw!"
"same shit, different day"
this rains a buncha billy-jack bullsh*t!!!!!!!
"game was perty sick, now i'm off to go catch some z's  night y'all!"
"just hold on loosely, but don't let go,\if you cling too tightly, you're gonna lose control    gotta love 38 special!"
"great, now the snow level's down to bout 1500 feet or so  no bueno     annoyed "
wants to go rip donuts in the snow!!!!!!!!
just finished the most bad-ass snowman in all o' humboldt!!!
"man, im prayin to the good lord that there aint no school tomorrow!!"
i'd like to say happy birthday to my big brother! he grew up so fast
feels like shootin a flaming arrow into a real big gas tank   
"brown chicken, brown cow"
"damn, sure is a bummer not bein able to drive  annoyed "
"damn, its colder than a coal miner's ass in the rockies!"
headin to the mall in a little bit i reckon   
save the planet - it's the only one with beer
"gonna find me a city-slicker, gonna show 'em how to kick it in the sticks"
perty much hate the fact that im is constantly raping my facebook with spam
"ive always wondered, why do they put braille dots on the keypads of \drive-up\"" atm machines???"""
"ahhh, home sweet home    good to be back up on the hill again!"
"hounds got a skunk this mornin, had to give one of em a freakin tomato bath    not fun"
"egh, driver's <propmale> is so friggin stupid    "
this rains a buncha horseshit!! what happened to all the snow??!?
"wow, i just lost all respect for rascal flatts    "
the weather channel people should be fired     
"freakin weather was on crack today: snow, sun, rain; snow, sun, rain     wishin it'd just snow!!!!!!!"
my niece peyton turned 1 today! headed to tunaville for her party in a bit 
"had a good day today out by watts lake! couldnt get up there, everyone kept gettin stuck  snow boarded for the first time in 8 years, didnt work out to well     "
"got my toes in the water, ass in the sand \not a worry in the world and a cold beer in my hand\life is good today, life is good today   "
"i will stand up for my sport, rodeo! <propfemale> underwood is a hypocrite, and does not deserve our support  she is donating $100,000 to a group dedicated to stopping all rodeos and has declared she will do anything to end rodeo  funny, she makes a lot of $$$, singing the kind of music that represents our heritage  repost if you rodeo or support the lifestyle!"
"gonna be an all-nighter with the hippies and the hicks,\jocks and bikers, they all came to kick it in the sticks!"
"i made mistakes that paved the way for the man i am today,\i'm proud of 'em all, and i had a ball bendin' the rules and breakin' the law!"
"a computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing "
tear off your sleeves: support the right to bare arms!
"it ain't wine, dont sip it, make it bubble when ya hit it  let it burn, baby burn   "
"such lovely weather we're havin, huh?"
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using only 4 words, what would you say to me?"
"hey, hey, mr  policeman! bet i can drive faster'n you can!!"
thinkin bout gettin me a camo tux for prom  hell yeah!!!!!
please do not lead me into temptation (i can find it by myself) 
schau mich an! ich kann deutsch sprechen!
"there's cowboys and hillbillies, from farm towns to big cities \there ain't no doubt in my mind: country must be country wide "
"damn, friggin weather was on crack today    "
my damn phone took a dirt nap    
wind's blowin harder than a french hooker in the white house  
"yeah, that's the way we get down     in a hicktown!"
thinkin whoever came up with daylight savings needs a good ass whoopin'   
"how is it that one little match can start a big <propmale> fire, but it takes a whole damn box to start a campfire?"
cant wait till the weekend!!
"i hate it when people go off bout how we need more gun control, we have enough gun control! what we really need is idiot control   "
lookin' forward to a kick-ass weekend!!!
snows meltin off finally    powers still out though  annoyed 
"always take life with a grain of salt,    plus a slice of lemon,    and a shot o' <propfemale>!"
nascar: a non-athletic sport centered around rednecks
"some people are like slinkies: not really good for anything, but you can't help but chuckle when you see one tumble down some stairs    "
"rain, rain, and again with the dang rain     what all happened to the sunshine?!?!?!"
p o s truck broke on me again    reckon its time to whip out the duct tape
gettin sick o' all this freakin rain    hardly even remember what the sun looks like!!
"we raise up our glasses against evil forces,\singin whiskey for my men, and beer for my horses"
"thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably why so few people do it - <propfirst> ford"
kickin back to some good ol' fashioned <propfirst> strait    good way to start the night off
"same shit, different day "
"look out ladies, i got my game on"
the only place you'll find success before work is in the dictionary   
shit happens   
"such a serene, beautiful day    almost feels like summer again"
feelin' sorry for all the redway folk! hahaha
nothin like a good 4-mile run in the afternoon to keep the blood flowin!
"if you're goin thru hell, keep on goin' cause ya might get out before the devil even knows <propfemale> there"
sure as hell feels good to have a 4 day weekend!!! all this crappy weather finally paid off! lol
perty sure my computer smokes more weed than cheech & <propfirst>    
two reasons why it's so hard to solve a redneck murder: the dna all matches & there are no dental records
anyone know if there's school tomorrow or not?
