5d73faaa08136d862ce3ec1e7931ee95
i got teepeed last night by my stupid friends!!!!!
i hate my school  i hate all these new rules  today sucked and its going to be one long year  sad 
im hoping school gets better         
yay!!! its the weekend  no more school for two days  i don't want to go back on monday  i hate my history teacher  he makes fun of people including me  sad 
ugh  dont wanna go to school tomorrow  history ruins my day  it just ruins it
i feel that  i should write something                   but i dont know what to say
im been sick since tuesday  idk what it is but it needs to go away  sad 
im better!!! not sick anymore!!! yay!!!!  smile 
im kinda confused  idk what to do  sad 
still kinda confused and frustrated    grrrr  some people          
grrr               people should stay in their own buisness and out of everyone elses!!!
i need more time to do everything i need to do   sad   teh day should be longer
now im not even sure how i feel  so mant emotions at once   
did you know that a peach was the first fruit to be eaten on the <propfemale>?
i kinda wanted to be in okc for christmas this year      i heard it was snowing and i wanted to stay and see it  now im glad that im all warm in 60 degree weather while everyone else is snowed in  smile   smile 
excited to go to new years party tomorrow at ryans house
what a way to ring in the new year!!  smile  i had a blast last night!
           needs some cheering up           too bad she cant be cheered up      
                sigh              
"from <propfirst> with love is a freakin awesome movie!!! if you get a <propmale>, definatley go see it!!"
so excited for six oclock!!!
theres no way im gettin any sleep tonight!!!!!
my head hurts   
               work                 >p
"the next time i see that boy, he is going to die  i am not even kidding  ill kill him myslef"
not feeling good 
!!!!!!!!!!!yay!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   laugh 
                   
"\i dont care what people say  the rush is worth the price i pay  i get so high when you're with me but crash and crave you when you leave\"""""
        i wonder why i keep trying   it never gets me anywhere    
tired   but i dont want to sleep
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could a use wish right now, wish right now, wish right now"
we made it! we're seniors now guys! congrats to the class of '11  smile 
have no idea what im going to do with my summer break      
what a day!!!! unbelievable! good and bad things happened today so im not exactly sure if today was good or bad    stilll   unbelievable!!!
         i hate my job     
    i hate my job      it made me cry     no job should make u cry   
sititng in the car on my  way to branson  im so bored!
going to see eclipse tonight with some buddies! yay!
very busy day today but its was fun
i got an ipod touch for my bday!! yay!!
i have to work on my birthday  what a lousy bday today will be    
today totally rocked  thanks pizza hut crew!!!
"why can one never escape problems? when one is solved, another arises  why cant a person be problem free? just for one day!! thats all i ask for!! one day!!"
i am so confused!!! so much drama and frustration and ahh!!
barely breating      barely holding on    the bottom is not so far down     but it will still hurt to fall     i need someone to tell me its okay and will catch me if i fall
you ever love someone so much u can barely breathe when your with them?
work is gonna suck  i hate working the weekends
ive decided that im doomed to be single forever      i always let myself think things that arent there and let myself feel things that im not even sure exist and then i always hurt after
wow  work totally sucked today  we had to tell people we were closed at like 6 smile 0 cuz we were out of everything!! it was bad!!!
work was easy today    got to close again    gotta go back tommorrow
is so tired!! i feel like i didnt sleep at all last night!!
why does this always happen? i cant do this anymore  im tired of crap!
"im a space bound rocketship and your hearts the moon    and im aimin right at you   right at you  250,000 <propmale> on a clear night in june     and im aimin right at you    right at you     right at you"
now u get to watch her leave out the window  guess thats why they call it window pane
wishin something would happen that would make me a very very happy person  smile 
dont work tomorrow! yay!
is sooooo bored!!!
missin him!!
bored bored bored!!!
"work sucked, but other than that, day was great  smile "
closing at work with someone i strongly dislike       oh joy
so why in the world do i feel so alone? nobody but me  im on my own  is there anyone out there who feels the way i feel? if there is then let me in so i know im not the only one
i  love  someone  smile 
"\is anybody out there? it feels like im talkin to myself  no one seems to know my struggle and everything ive done for love  can anybody hear me? i guess ill keep talkin to myself  it feels like im goin insane  am i the one whos crazy?\"" ~ eminem"""
stuck in <propmale> for the weekend  parents dont trust me enough to let me stay home by myself  bored  hit me up!
baby please come back  it wasnt you  baby it was me  maybe our relationship isnt as crazy as it seems  maybe thats what happens when a tornado meets a volcano  all i know is i love you too much to walk away  love 
"i aint heard u yet, not even once say u appreciate me  i deserve respect  ive done my best to give u nothin less than perfectness  and i know that if i end this, ill no longer have nothin left  but u keep treatin me like a staircase  its time to ****in step  and i wont be comin back so dont hold your ****in breath  you know what you did"
"im still amazed at the fact that u havent come crawling back to me yet, trying to apologize and take everything back  but by the time u finally man up and apologize, ill be long gone  so i hope ur happy with urself  u just threw any <propmale> we had of ever being friends again"
"u better hurry up and apologize to me  u took it the wrong way and now u refuse to believe its ur fault  u need to grow up and stop being so selfish and stubborn   whenever u finally realize that, ill be gone  so man up before someone else has the courage to do what u didnt"
"its tiring being mad at u forever  so im done being mad at u  i still dont like what u did but i cant change it  its in the past  so im moving on, moving forward  getting on with my life  i hope maybe you're thru being mad at me and we can at least get back to talking to each other without the insults  i miss u"
please talk to me  i want things to be back to how they were  im tired of fighting  im tired of insults  im sorry for everything  just please talk to me
\why do i act like i'm all high and mighty?\,5d73faaa08136d862ce3ec1e7931ee95,hey guys! i need help! text or call and give me some advice plz!  smile   smile 
dude    school starts a week from today  get ready class of 2011
i hate my job      and im done trying  i tried to give him a second <propmale>  i cant take all his drama anymore  so hope u have a nice life
"all the pain, hurt, and drama ive been through really is all because of me     "
"\i can be your hero baby  i can kiss away the pain  i will stand by you forever  you can take my breath away\"""""
two days left and then summer 2010 is over and we will be seniors!!! ooh rah!! live up these next two days!
"1 - adult and family living\2 -personal fitness\3 -ap english iv\4 -zoology\5 - creative writing \6 - anatomy\7 - web design"
why is it that the people you love the most are the ones that hurt you the most?
im am tired of this     im done 
one more day of summer    good thing summers over  it was a rollercoaster of emotions  i wanted to get off  i felt like i threw up a couple times  hopefully senior year will be better than this summer was
"goodbye summer 2010     im glad im off that stupid rollercoaster  im glad this summer will never, ever, ever happen again and i hope he gets what he deserves"
i hope u get what u deserve  its ur fault ur lonely  its ur fault ur in this mess  i really hope u get whats comin because i wont be around to see it  so bye  im leavin  have a nice life 
he has no idea how i feel about him     but he ruined it so he doesnt deserve to know  the only thing he deserves is loneliness
is struggling to fix her sleep pattern  its so messed up!!
got both! my essays finished!
wow  allergies are bad today
anyone know of a good place to work at? i need a new job
"how do i live without you? i want to know  how do i breathe without you? if you ever go  how do i ever, ever survive? how do i, how do i, oh how do i live?"
"i dont know how you do what you do  im so in love with you  it just keeps gettin better  i wanna spend the rest of my life with you by my side, forever and ever  every little thing that you do, baby im amazed by you"
"wooo!! excited for tomorrow!! <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale> and i are gonna have a blast!!"
"pizza hut employees annoyed  if one day you show up for work and find that our store is a pile of rubble, just know that i got tired of the crap, the drama, the stress, and the idiot customers and employees and i took it upon myself to relieve us all of that stupid place"
hope this time it works out better   otherwise im giving up for good  im tired of this
"so i applied at walgreens, target, at the beach  i tried petsmart and blockbuster and ill try <propfirst> in the box again later  hope i get hired at one of those places  i ally do need a new job   "
this flat out sucks
woo  smile 
my new bf is meeting my mom today     kinda nervous about it  anyone have tips on how to make it go smooth without problems?  smile   smile 
boo  school tomorrow  sad 
im gonna be sooo tired in the morning        oh well  not much i can do about it now
                   blah    ive decided     life is blah   
my job sucks
"so me and <propfemale> made 24 cupcakes tonight  we left the room for literally two mins and my dog had countersurfed and eaten 11 cupcakes, wrappers and all  poor fat dog is gonna have tummy issues"
so i tried giving blood today for the first time  ive decided to wait like 10 years before doing it again  i started hyperventilating and almost threw up and was shaking for like an hour afterward  it was quite an e playful erience
seniors: tomorrow is our last ever! homecoming!
i actually ended up having fun at the black light dance  im glad i went
this sucks     just  flat out    sucks
why do i have to loose a part of me to get something ive always wanted?
feels like her head got smashed by a truck and her heart thrown put in a blender and she feels like throwing up and crying   trying to figure this out but cant do it alone and doesnt know who to ask for help
"my head feels like it got crushed underneath a 1000 pound weight\and the tylenol didnt work  sad "
does somebody wanna give me a tylenol?
feelin a little better  went and worked out with my army recruiter today   was fun but im so out of shape!
army pt tomorrow   wondering how sore ill be afterwards
played football with my fellow future us army soldiers today   it was fun and a whole lot better than training  smile 
the worst thing a guy can do is   to make a girl fall for him with no intention of catching her
just now realized that i havent eaten all day    
"\sometimes the very thing you're looking for is the one thing you cant see\"""""
"what a crazy place this world is  man i need time to stop, just for a bit  i gotta get my head on straight  i gotta stop and think"
why does this always happen?!?!?! im tired of this crap  its annoying and stupid and it needs to quit
u know who u are so listen up  u need to figure out what u want and who u need  u need to quit lying and quit making excuses  i have never lied to you and never will  i made u a promise and ill stand by that promise  but you need to hold up ur end of the deal  i am not going to do this by myself
"\do u remember how we felt sittin by the water? u put ur arm around me for the first time  u made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter  u are the best thing thats ever been mine\"""""
havin a blast in st  <propfirst>!!!
"this town sucks for shopping  if i ever come back to st  <propfirst>, i will not buy anything!  seriously"
is back from st louis  has school tomorrow  sad 
woot! had a blast last night! definatley gonna do that again  smile 
"\i throw my hands up in the air sometimes sayin ay-oh! gotta let go  i wanna celebrate and live my life sayin ay-oh! baby lets go  cuz we gon' rock this club  we gon' go all night  we gon' light it up like its dynamite\"""""
wishin he was here right now so i could stare into his beautiful blue eyes and tell him how much i love him
i havent been this happy in a long time     smile  i love my baby <propfirst>
had allergies for five days now      theyre gonna be the end of me  i swear lol
ready for wednesday already   woot
cant wait to see my man tomorrow!  smile 
i dont feel good today  and i gotta work a 9 hour shift today  ugh
"\the smile on your face lets me know that you need me  theres a truth in your eyes sayin you'll never leave me  the touch of your hand says you'll catch me whenever i fall  you say it best when you say nothing at all\"""""
ready to get tomorrows army physical over and done with
"been up for almost 20 hours straight  had a really long day, but it was really fun  saw old friends, made some new ones  thought more about what i really want  im reallly tired  smile "
spendin time with family in texas    cant wait to be back so i can see my wonderful boyfriend!  smile 
"\yesterday is history  tomorrow is a mystery  but today is a gift  thats why its called the present\"""""
so i saw a shooting <propfemale>! best part is  i saw it not even 3 seconds after me and my boyfriend's song ended  i love it   woo  laugh 
so im pretty sure im gonna throw up sometime tomorrow morning  my stomachs all full of butterflies and im <propfemale> scared  no backing out now  this is it
wow  what a day this was  only thing i know for sure is    i love you baby!  smile 
why is everyone always up in everyone elses business? why cant people just leave each other alone?
not a day goes by when i dont think of you  i love you and i always will  i dont think you ever loved me  i think you cared  alot  but i dont think you ever loved me
"\what you dont understand is that id catch a grenade for ya  throw my hand on a blade for ya  jump in front of a train for ya  you know id do anything for ya  i would go through all this pain  take a bullet straight through my brain  yes i would die for ya baby  but you wont do the same\"""""
people are like a blackhole   sucking you into their lies and false promises
im so sorry      for everything  im sorry it came to this  i never meant for any of this to happen  i love you baby  im sorry
"\rain rain go away   thats what all my haters say\"""""
so this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you sayin i'm sorry for that night  and i go back to december all the time
popcorn  yum  smile 
um     getting suspended for a rap video  what kinda gay crap is that? everyone who was involved in that shouldnt be punished
does anyone wanna buy me some cheddar ruffles?
grape nos + amateur surgeon = great time!
 smile   smile  popcorn  smile   smile 
gonna start living one day at time  forget the past  its over  forget the future  i might not make it there  im living for me and no one else
"\nobody likes ugly popcorn!\"" haha  i  love  statements like these! thanks <propfemale>!"""
stupid snow!!! im sick of all this snow!
not ready for school tomorrow!!!! blah!!
just made ice cream out of snow!! it's yummy
"\no <propfemale>  this is my pot pie\"""""
\all i know is this: nobody's very big in the first place," and it looks to me like everybody spends their whole life tearing everybody else down\"" \"5d73faaa08136d862ce3ec1e7931ee95,really needs a job      
toast always falls jelly side down
"\yea we danced on tabletops and we took too many shots  i think we kissed but i forgot  last friday night  yea we maxed our credit cards and got kicked out of the bars so we hit the boulevard  last friday night\"""""
i'm eating dried mashed potatoes in a tube! ha!  smile 
"\oh man we were livin  didn't waste one minute  we talked and drank and danced and said goodbye  we laughed until we cried\"""""
english essay done!! im proud of myself  only took me about an hour  movie and popcorn time  smile 
just got back from a fantastic time with my friends at the ford cemter!! whoo!!
gettin ready to go to my first day at my new job at braums  smile 
