f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c
"happy new year everyone! i hope that you had an amazing night, and that it will only be a start to a wonderful year to come "
"ack! college is killing me, and i haven't even started it yet!"
i went to the beach today!! woot!! i had so much fun  my grandma and i had a day in galveston together  it was great!
just got last place in bunco   do i really have that much of a not-life???
"i almost passed out in choir rehearsal today  this could mean one of two things    either i'm not getting enough sleep, or the music is just sleep-inducing  i'm going with the latter "
i've basically been accpeted to all of the colleges i've applied to   crap   now i have to pick one    
woot! i'm officially accepted into all of my colleges!!! unt included!!! yes!!!!
just watched about 6 movies in less than 16 hours   is that healthy? i know it's not a record or anything   but it can't be good 
"is doing abso-freaking nothing   it's spring break, and i'm stuck in the house all day, cleaning  ridiculous  *sigh*"
"by the way, playing with a slinky is sadly very amusing "
is eating ritz crackers!  laugh  but really wants a whataburger!  sad 
i think i burnt my oatmeal   how is that possible????
"yay for having a competition yesterday, getting in after 11 surprise 0 pm, and the going to work at 6 surprise 0 am  fml       it was a very bi-polar day "
holy crap   a long weekend  i don't think my system can take that much inaction   i'm not used to it anymore 
hey dickinson people   do we have school tomorrow       ???????
give me a freakin' note!!!!!!!!
soooo    why is my mom more obessed with me getting a date to prom than i am???
"my left arm, back, and chest got mutilated by my grandma's <propfemale> 10-pound dog (if that), because he decided that it would be a great idea to crawl all over me while i was driving    *sigh*"
sorry everyone   all of these quizzes that i took decided to randomly select people to send invitations to   my bad 
"is tired, confused, and deliriously happy   playful "
"does anyone else realize that imogen heap is in town this week, and that tickets are still on sale??????? i wants to gooooooo!!!!!!"
watched the labyrinth tonight   remind me again why <propfirst> bowie decided to wear tights in that movie    ?
just saw shrek 4! very funny     lmao!
"soooo   i might be going to afa   which means i'll have to wake up super early, and drive through <propmale> traffic, and try to avoid getting myself killed for five weeks    the only redeeming quality of this is the awesome music we'll be playing    is this really worth it? i hope so  it looks like fun   laugh "
just kicked butt at bunco!!! whooo!!! j k      playful 
going to see iron man 2 today!!!!! woot!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
<propfirst> saved the tree frog!!!!!! woot!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
"poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like \this status if you think i'm a goodfriend  inbox me if you ever \wanted a relationship with me  comment on this if we have good \memories    now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this \on their status "
why do i feel so energetic at 1 in the morning???
time for sleep   and then another wonderful day at afa when i roll out of bed in about 6 or 7 hours   laugh  concert tomorrow! woo contrapunctus i!!!!  playful 
"i wish i could have an adventure   \\(oy   i've been reading too many books   )"
feels very stupid   and very spent   and very stupid     sad 
"so, dci was awesome last night!!!! go cavaliers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  they were the most amaaazing thing i've ever seen  one of them in particular   wink "
i can go the distance!  laugh 
so   i only realized last night that my birthday is next thursday   i completely didn't even think about it   what am i going to do???
so   i just looked at the list of birthdays coming up   and i think almost every amazing person i know was born in august     laugh  it's so awesome!
"why doesn't anyone write letters anymore??? i would love to get a letter     laugh  i love writing letters, too!"
"is tired    and listening to my ipod on shuffle  waaaay weird, since half of it is classical, and the rest is just random "
hates tv
"just got back from seeing the e playful endables!!!!!!  laugh  epic movie    my obsession for throwing knives just skyrocketed  and by the way, it's because i'm smaller   playful "
"has been a member of the spirit of <propmale> for the past 2 days, and is loving every second of it! can't wait for tomorrow  it's going to be another awesome day!!!"
"turns out that today wasn't another awesome day    i am officially sick, and in bed   sad  college kids aren't supposed to get sick! what the heck??? however, i did meet my roommate today, and she's totally awesome! so today isn't a lost cause "
"after an entire day of sitting around doing absolutely nothing, i'm still sick!!!! wtf?????  sad   sad   sad  on a slightly happier note   going on honors retreat tomorrow  hopefully, i'll feel better in the morning, otherwise, i'm screwed   laugh  yay life "
yay instant college food         laugh  chicken teriyaki  sort of  in 90 seconds  totally 
3rd day of being an official college student  yay? audition results at 2 surprise 0  not nervous yet    definitely will be later   annoyed 
sleep time   maybe  night night 
"a perfect beautiful rainy day  and i have every reason to just go outside and dance, and start forgetting  because nothing washes the world away like raindrops "
\but if my life is for rent\,f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,can't wait for this weekend   already  the week has barely started  lolz 
"there are certain moments in life when you realize that   there's no going back  you can't undo things, or ask for a repeat  and you can't e playful ect to be forgiven for every mistake that you make  but you can forgive yourself  and you can keep trying, and never ever stop living   because that would be the worst mistake of all "
\i've looked at love from both sides now\,f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,i wish that i could see the stars in <propmale> 
"veeeeery fun night!!!  laugh  hopefully there are many more to come just like it, and maybe even better!!! i'm looooooving this!"
aaaaaahhh the pizza guy brought me sprite!!! noooo! i needz caffeine!!!!  sad   sad   sad 
"i need winter to get here  now  i need a reason to set things on fire   laugh  (i mean like campfires, and marshmallows, and pinecones!!!!!)"
"is in need of an aloe plant, and some quiet time   and a number of other random things that would be really nice right now   like cold weather, and pretzel sticks  and my cat  i really miss my cat "
working on an essay      laugh 
is in need of a weekend of absolutely nothing   and a trip to europe  or just someplace completely new    
"finished that essay, turned it in, felt great about it, and now, when i actually have a nice weekend ahead, i'm getting sick!!!! wtf????"
"yay for talking owls, and just overall amaaazing cuteness  looooooove it "
"went home for the weekend  my cat apparently got beaten up   sad  she has this big black knot on her nose  but i still got to love on her, and she got to sleep on my head, so we were both happy "
"i can't believe <propfirst> tried to give me his spot! and now i'm sort of wishing that i had taken it when i had the <propmale>, because sitting around doing nothing in practice again was driving me crazy, but i didn't want to die and get run over by not knowing what i was doing    aaahh! decisions, decisions   "
"so according to my horoscope, someone is going to ask me to marry them       laugh  bull****"
"you\ and i wake up in jail together     using only four words, what would \you say to me? if you make a comment you must put this in your status! \fair is fair!!"
\hear the silence\,f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,\you must have fallen from the sky\,f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,"i want to be a jazz vocalist!!!!!!! and i want to learn trumpet, clarinet, and saxophone  and i want to become amaaazing at piano    am i leaving anything out? oh yeah, i want to be a music teacher   that is my <propmale> after all   "
\it takes no time to fall in love\,f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,"just did some more decoration, but it still feels like something is missing in this room       sad  maybe i'm just homesick "
"spent the entire day dozing, snacking on random things, and watching old disney movies on youtube  wow, i needed that  oh, and i did dishes   smile  so the day wasn't completely lost to laziness "
is still slightly high on oxygen from the breathing exercise we did in band today  too much air=spazzy <propfemale>  even spazzier than normal!!! weeeeeiiiiirrrd 
gah! why is money so difficult? and why am i one of the few people that thinks it just shouldn't exist at all? it's not necessary!!!
really doesn't want to do theory homework           sad 
is in desperate need of a good roll down a very steep hill 
"miyazaki hayao, and all those affiliated with him: you are gods "
is eating vanilla ice cream and drinking tropical punch fuze    very strange combination  i'm also watching sleeping beauty on youtube  it's going to be a good night 
"is tired, sunburned, and feeling a bit lost    random miyazaki movie, here i come  thank goodness for wonderful movies that always remind me why being alive is generally a good thing "
"lazy day, today? i think, yes!"
"is helping <propfemale> with an essay that's due at midnight    and i thought i was a procrastinator      laugh  we're actually having fun though, and getting work done   which is really weird for me   laugh "
wishes the world always made as much sense as it did not even an hour ago  what would reality be like if it was always like that? i don't think i would ever get tired of it  not ever 
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you     7  challenge you to repost this 
so   my 2 smile 0 class got canceled  what in the world am i going to do for the rest of the day???
"just got back from the longest football game of my life   laugh  i'm all for rain, but jeez    goodnight everybody, and go coogs!!!  laugh "
needs a break  a long legitimate break  isn't going to get one  might be getting sick  not good 
spirit on stage this friday!!! uhbands com for tickets!!! be there!!!!! go coogs!
yay! it's not muggy and disgusting today!
spirit on stage this friday!!! uhbands com for tickets!!! be there!!!!! go coogs!
"had an amaaaaaaazing weekend, but it was exhausting, in a good way, and i surprisingly got a little homesick   laugh "
hmmm   confusing but interesting and altogether fun night   smile 
had no idea how amazing warm milk was until a week ago     laugh  where the heck have i been all these years????
yummmm   hot chocolate   joyful 
"1 \ go to google maps  2  go to \get directions \"" 3  type japan as the \",f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,can't wait for the party tonight!! i love you <propfemale> wittig!!!
"i wish for a person who is <propfirst> hisaishi, hayao miyazaki, and <propfirst> sinatra all rolled up into one  can that person please come find me, and marry me? great, thanks "
is thinking about rainbow stars 
"very long day     in desperate need of sleep, but has to do homework instead  curse you, procrastination!!!"
"is eating chicken noodle soup     feels at once nostalgic, and just plain lame  however, the fact that i'm eating it with a japanese soup spoon takes it from lame, to epic "
"there are so many different types of love, and in this world, they are used so interchangeably, to the point that it's disgraceful  but there are certain people in my life that i have absolutely no doubts about  i love them in every way, with every connotation, good and bad "
"working on an essay that might kill me before i'm through  socrates, plato, aristotle! oh my!"
"alright, everyone is doing it, and it looks like fun   laugh \ask me a question in a message, and i'll answer it in a status \*sigh* i have conformed    "
had coffee     stupid stupid stupid 
"why is it that the smallest things give me a mental, emotional, and physical breakdown all at once?"
"so, who all is going to the midnight showing tomorrow night???  laugh "
"9 hour rehearsal recording session tomorrow    but hey, we get pizza!!! yes!"
*sigh* i'm already listening to christmas carols   is that bad?
i'm just so tired   so incredibly tired 
thanksgiving break   now the real work begins   laugh 
first day back at work   i am not used to it anymore    craaaaap!  sad 
hanging out at dad's house for the end of thanksgiving  should be one heck of an ending to one heck of a day 
back in the dorm  not sure how i feel about that  it feels like coming home in a very backwards way 
is maybe getting sick   annoyed 
woooowww   i totally just sat on my laptop   laugh 
"it's\ love my sister week, if you have a sister who made you laugh, wiped \your tears, hugged you cheered you on and kept you strong  sisters are \forever  if you have an amazing sister, put this on your status  i have 3 crazy little sisters, and i love them more than anything!!"
write a number from 1-500 and send it to my inbox and i'll put how a i feel about you in my status  (looks kinda fun  why not?)
"#6, you're a girl who knows how to party, and you're really easy to talk to  sometimes, too easy   playful  i'll never forget you, me, and malibu   laugh "
"#69, you're fun to talk to, and party with  you're pretty awesome   smile "
"#18, you're like family, and i miss you a ton!!! you're boy-crazy, and i love you for it!!!"
"#429, you are beautiful, and smart, and just damn-perfect  i love you so much, and miss you tons and tons! you're one of my oldest, and best friends, and you're going to stay that way for the rest of our lives, babe!"
"#102188, you're a kick-ass woman, who thinks of awesome nicknames   laugh  i miss you bunches, and can't wait to <propfemale> with you again!"
"#25, i've known you longer than i've known anyone except for family, and i can't believe you've stuck around for this long  i love you  you're an amazing person, and i hope that i know you for the rest of my life "
"#23 even when we haven't seen each other for months, i see you, and it's like no time has passed at all, and i love you for it  and for being such an amazing friend for all of these years  you and i   just fit  that's never going to change "
"#666 you're crazy, and sometimes just plain silly, but i love you for it, and i'm glad that you're always there for me  know that i'm always here for you, too "
"#84, you are without a doubt my best friend, and i love you more than i love any other  i <propfemale> every moment that we've ever had together  you mean more to me than i could ever say, even in poetry  i'll never forget that hill, that fountain, those stars, that song  they are all imprinted permanently on my heart  as are you  in every detail "
"#071, i remember that back in jr  high, there was a room in the back of the band hall, and you were almost always there, and i thought that you were really cool and mysterious and quiet  i remember really wanting to talk to you, but i think i was too shy to actually approach you    you don't seem like the quiet type anymore, and i'm not shy in the least, so yay for random friendships that are years old     laugh "
"#333, i can still remember us singing disney songs on the bus on the way home everyday from school   and people would stare at us like we're crazy  not much has changed at all  there just isn't a bus anymore   laugh  you're a wonderful person, with a beautiful heart, and a determination to match that will take you further than your wildest dreams   laugh "
gah! time to sleep  goodnight everyone! pleasant dreams   laugh 
"met an amazing friend tonight! i love college! i get to meet so many interesting people, and we become best friends over the strangest things   "
"going to the museum of fine arts tonight!  laugh  (i'm a nerd, i know   )"
i have a christmas party to play at tonight! omg!!  laugh 
"i love the totally awesome quartet   by the way   that played music meant for a quintet, and owned!  laugh  oh yeah "
"had an amazing workout tonight  i forgot how much i love to dance  i may not do it well   but i do it laughing, smiling, and just being me, and that's what counts "
"92 on my pinao i final!! yes! now i just have aural skills hearing, then dictation, then my theory i final     yay   "
meteor shower??? really? why am i always the last one to know these things!!!???
just won $20 playing bunco! woo!  laugh  what did you do tonight??? i bet it wasn't that 
"had an amazing night listening to great music, and finally getting my reality back in place  having your best friend back in your life after a month of separation is the most amazing feeling ever  suddenly, the world feels right, and it might not make any more sense than it did before   but it doesn't have to, and that's the beauty of it "
"looooong day at work, then spent a couple hours doing last minute christmas shopping, then came home and sat outside with my parents tending a fire, and it was actually really relaxed and nice   all in all a pretty good night "
"drama   part of me hates it and part of me loves it, and neither of us really understand it, but boy are we getting good at dealing with it  <propfemale> christmas  gotta love the holidays  everyone is even crazier "
"i just saw black swan   my head e playful loded   then got put back together   then it just disappeared  now, i'm sitting in my room wondering what the frack just happened   "
"i have a <propmale> headache, and i think it's time to finally go to sleep  hopefully, i'll wake up at a decent hour, but it's not likely  goodnight   or good morning   whichever you prefer "
"*sigh* why is fanfiction so fracking addictive?? i have so many other books in my possession that i would love, but i can't take my eyes from the damn computer screen  unfortunately, staring at the bright light for about 5 hours has given me a massive headache  i've finished two novels, and half of another one, in that time  friends, i think i have a serious problem, and may be in need of some help     laugh  goodnight "
"back from my dad's, work all week, and hopefully some plans to see very good old friends will come into fruition  no promises yet, but lots and lots of begging and pleading on my part     laugh "
"sooo   got into a car accident today, and now no longer have a car  don't freak  i'm fine  but life kinda sucks at the moment  i had hoped to be with so many old friends these next couple of weeks, and catch up, but now, i'll be lucky if i can get a ride to work "
"has work at 6am   kill me now  oh, and has to fold the 3 baskets of laundry sitting on my bed before i can actually sleep     *sigh*"
"\pretty women   pretty women are a wonder   \"""""
"is waaaaay excited for this semester!!! there are so many things to look forward to! i'm so happy that i'll be singing again  i hadn't even realized how much i missed it, until someone told me i could do it again  thank goodness for coincidence, and <propmale> meetings that end up being the beginning of something wonderful "
"just saw the latest narnia movie, and it pissed me off to no end  it would have been a great movie   if i had never read the book  thankfully, i was with my best friend in the whole world, and that made the movie more than bearable  now, i want to reread the series! again     laugh "
"hmm   so i'm not a <propfirst> anymore??? *is thoroughly confused* still, i kind of like what's said about the cancer sign  it fits me, too  i honestly think that every sign would fit everyone if they really sat down to think about it "
"i hate and love it when i'm feeling a million emotions a once   and all i can do is just lay there, staring at the ceiling, and feel them   and try not to laugh and cry at the same time   because it's not fair to all of the other emotions if you only allow yourself to react to some of them "
finally starting to pack to move back to college    procrastination much?? i'm only moving in tomorrow night and everything           laugh 
"craaaap   time to get up and finish all of my packing before 3, which is when i have to go to work  then off to uh as soon as i get off of work  *sigh* it's going to be a long day "
"so, just got moved back in, and mostly settled  now, to survive the semester    woot!"
"audition today, then finished unpacking  it's good to be back   smile "
"\well you can't marry someone when you're   in love with someone else \"" (this is the part where i giggle into my pillow   )\",f6a7ccfba19b03bc22a03207467b7a4c,"it's been a very   random day   but a pretty good one  had a nice nap in the middle, and now i'm so ready to watch a movie, and pass out  then, class tomorrow!!  laugh "
off to my next class  this should be good   smile   smile   smile 
somehow suddenly exhausted   but not the pass-out-and-sleep-for-hours exhausted  just    weary  i blame the full-moon  *glares at the sky* it's all your fault     
went to class this morning   then slept all day after watching pocahontas  i could get used to fridays like this 
party tomorrow night (technically tonight)? check  cheesy and amazing musicals here and now? check  an awesome night with one of my best friends? hell yes!!
"epic headache  this is just one of those nights, i guess  life goes on  it always will "
"today was a good day  tomorrow will be better  sometimes it feels like each day, we e playful and a little bit, and become bigger than we were   on the inside, as a person  we learn, we grow, we change, every second  it's something to think about, anyway "
"watched august rush, then underworld (the uncut and unrated version), and then <propfirst> pan (the newer version, which was actually a bit closer to the original than disney ever was   )  in short, did absolutely nothing  random much??"
"saw <propfirst> herring, and laughed my arse off, then came home and watched the rest of enchanted causing me to giggle like a love-struck school girl   lots of laughter tonight  tis a good thing "
the magic flute (courtesy of moores school of music!!) was absolutely epic!!! great job everyone   laugh 
"walked down 3 flights of stairs in my nice warm fuzzy fleece jacket, e playful ecting the cold and loving it   then, opened the door, got smacked in the face by wet cold wind, and ran back up 3 flights of stairs to get my umbrella   "
soooo exhausted right now  totally got my butt handed to me in martial arts tonight  i'm going to make it!!! eyes on the goal!!! rawr!!!!
"laundry, with good old dr  who  yes "
whys is it that the only class that gets canceled is the one that i really wanted to go to???  sad 
"holy crap, i don't have school tomorrow        what am i going to do all day     ???"
"i have some of the most amazing friends in the world  no matter what, they're always there for me, whether i deserve it or not  i'm pretty damn lucky  no lie "
"is tired  came home, started to study a little, and was asleep before i knew what was happening  ended up out for a solid 4 hours  that can't be healthy   "
"soooo much crap to do before tmea  i wish i had that innate ability to plan ahead   and be organized  unfortunately, my scatterbrain can't tell saturday from wednesday "
"getting totally excited for tmea!!!! i've gotten most of the things on my uber-long list done  now, i just have to make it through the rest of this hectic night     laugh "
"back home for the night, in my old room  went e playful loring, and found a few things    now i'm all kinds of nostalgic    *sigh*"
"tmea is amazing, and wind ensemble was absolutely fantastic!!! go coogs!!!"
"sooo   that was intense  so much music  after i get back from tmea    irony much? anyway, gotta love friends that know their way around those parts of the music world that you   just don't quite get yet  i'm getting there "
"back home, and back to normality   at least   as normal as my life ever gets  which it doesn't   so scratch that "
"<propfirst>'s day: a day to rejoice in the ideals of love, and the perfect excuse to eat <propfemale>  and chocolate  lots of chocolate   smile "
"felt like eating chocolate ice cream   also have milk  and chocolate syrup  soon to have chocolate milk  it's one of those days, i think   "
me and my friends are all freakin insane  literally  we're just nuts 
it's just been one of those days    i should write reminders backwards on my forehead or something 
"back at the dorm  plans for the night? rehearsal, homework, laundry, and movies while doing laundry  or reading  not sure which yet "
i know too many people     
yay for organization    and amazing friends who (unlike me) know how to manipulate computer programs and files 
"yaaay!!!! a+ on 2 vocal exams in a row!!! who's awesome??? me, that's who!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
gah! i wish i wasn't such an obsessive coward about these things!!!!
strawberry
"i feel like i have something stuck in my mind  the way most people feel like they have something stuck in their teeth  like my brain ate something sticky, or with lots of small parts  like those little things in strawberries  whatever it is, i can't get it out  and it's keeping me awake  i need a brain-pick    "
"and now for a night of old disney movies   because i'm in in serious need of a reminder that despite everything, i'm still just a kid  and no matter how tired i get, or how old i feel   disney movies will remind me that my life has only just begun "
just made a playlist of over 100 songs to play while i'm sleeping  thank goodness i have so many amazing soundtracks   that have nice comforting soft songs  though   some of them are sad and make me cry   laugh  i'll take those off if i start crying in my sleep   
"*sigh* my tea has gone cold  that's the last straw  i'm officially tired, and i give up for the night  time to attempt sleep   "
"tonight, there was sand on the floor of the dojo, and now, it's embedded in my feet "
"politics make me incredibly angry    politics in general  and that makes me angry at myself, because that makes me no better, if not worse, than any politician "
and now   to find something to do until my rehearsal at 4pm   
"laundry day  and a rehearsal  then, homework, and probably finish it off with a movie or something  maybe a good book instead  yeah, it's a good day "
good night  to sleep at last 
"alright, out of band early, so i can crack down on this essay! then, midterm tomorrow, and friday, then spring break!!! i've got this!!!!"
"gah! this essay might kill me  one more go over, and it should be ready for morrison   god, i hope so   "
*sigh* i hate health problems 
"this spring break is at once flying by, and dragging its heels, as if it can't make up its mind, or i can't  i can't tell which  like so many years that have passed, not so long ago, yet it feels like a lifetime, and they were but the blink of an eye "
"exhausted  ate waaaay to many tasty crawfish at my grandparents house, and that was right after working outside for about 7 hours    my stomach is sooo pissed "
"last day of spring break  been a roller coaster ride  now, back to reality  more or less "
is exhausted       
strawberry
"long day   but a good one, i think  other than the part where i almost fell down the stairs     laugh  lots of quality time spent with my baby boys   smile  i don't know what i would do without them  it's no fun being insane by yourself "
suddenly extremely tired   really want to go to martial arts   but not sure how much use i would be when i feel like collapsing    indecisiveness for the win 
another day dawns  life goes on  thanks goodness for good friends to enjoy it with 
just finished watching crouching tiger hidden dragon  is it sad that that movies still makes me cry after all these years?? itunes isn't working right now   so   more movies?
"painted my nails with my best friend tonight   then proceeded to peel the paint off while eating ramen noodles and watching cowboy beebop at 2am, also with my best friend (but he wasn't peeling the paint off)  altogether, a great night  possibly the start of a tradition "
hmmm   what to do until floreat at 4???
whoa   no floreat today  now what am i going to do??? watch tarzan of course!  smile 
"i have 4 friends that are dragons in the chinese astrology sense  do you have any idea how awesome that is?? when i was a kid, i always though it would be so cool to know a dragon  now i know at least 4  epic "
"busy day  craaazy busy  this is my 5 minute pause, then back to running all over the world until after 8 tonight at least  by then   tangled??? i hope so!!!"
tangled came today!!! yeeeessss!!!  laugh 
"i should be in bed, but i'm doing that thinking thing again  it's becoming a problem "
"had something of an adventure last night with my best friend, and is just now getting up  we went to eat dinner, and it was great! then, we went to a place that we thought would be a nice little jazz club, but turned out to be a ritzy restaurant  then we got lost in <propmale> trying to find a real jazz club   and eventually gave up, came home and watched a movie  attempt to be spontaneous? fail! but in a fun way   smile "
anyone ever seen catch & release? love that movie    great soundtrack 
"everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and they don’t hold grudges  they understand that life is busy…but you will always love them  repost if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are! ?"
"chilling eating saltine crackers, drinking root beer, and reading a book that i've loved since i first started reading    <propfemale> enchanted  (not the movie!!! the movie was awful in comparison )"
"listening to owl city for the first time in months, i think  still lovin it   laugh "
