45ab97edbe4e93bc1017bcd28483a678
work work work 
about to go open source because windows is <random e playful letive> 
meh 
"writing, writing, writing, writing       writing "
"and he said, \let there be tacos!\"" and there was """
free hugs 
"borderlands, fantasy novel writing, and michio kaku  yeah, it's been a good day "
i need more vests      
"books are great company, but in all honesty, my apartment is getting a little crowded "
24 revolutions around the sun  pretty impressive if i do say so myself 
do what you want cause a pirate is free  you are a pirate!
just ordered a new computer and a kindle  in 3-5 business days i'll be on nerd cloud 9 (maybe i'll be able to see <propfirst> doctorow in his hot air balloon from there      )
"medication, medication, medication       science fiction? fighting a cold can be interesing "
"suggested song lyrics: i want to be an interplanetary business man, yeah, bringing discounts to the farthest <propfemale>  i want to be that hyperspace negotiator, making deals on jupiter and mars "
this is not relevant to my interests 
"no, i do not want to install this app  no, i do not want it to see all of my information  no, quit freaking bothering me  worse than pop-ups      "
i'm dancin like a monkey!
"i'm not afraid of intergalactic raiders, my daddy got me a real raygun!"
"why can't the interwebs be free? i'm beginning to suspect some kind of conspiracy here, but then again, everything smacks of agenda these days      "
the plot thickens       like pea soup 
"taking out a flock of birds with one mighty proverbial pebble  yeah, i'm that good "
"oh, so it's going to be one of those days      "
"i took a writing analysis test - apparently i write like <propfirst> brown, <propmale> palahniuk, and h p  lovecraft  so i'm capable of really weird modern genre blockbusters  i can live with that "
"so, i`m drunk and got paid for it? \        awesome "
i wish i could teleport  or fly  or at least jump really high 
"what the hell's goin' on in the engine room? were there \      monkeys? some terrifying space monkeys maybe got loose?"
zug zug 
random nights are awesome 
"random nights - dudes piercing their own ears, new tool t-shirts, and roof parties where everyone compares nipple sizes  win "
is not really sure what's going on 
     
there needs to be an easier way to find new (better) music 
"whoa, that party turned out well  yay for more random nights "
my sleep schedule might take a few days to fix  it's really messed up 
"i just channel surfed for the first time in years  i feel numb, and have this weird urge to consume name brand products "
flint was actually kind of       nice  hell must be getting the preliminary flurries about now 
anyone wanna buy some books? they're cheap 
nothing improves a guy's mood like reading through an entire webcomic in one night 
i just beat the internet  the final boss was wicked hard 
plays a mean air guitar 
"i need a job  no corporate retail, please (sorry guys) "
yup  my computer died  again  the screen blinked and the tower started emitting low beeps  almost like it was laughing at me (again) 
"jon: someone e playful lain pokemon to me \yuko: <propfirst> <propmale> meets cockfighting \\http annoyed  www johnnywander com = win "
"making the possible, totally impossible "
"i probably should have announced this more clearly - i'm living in montrose now, no longer lansing  i have no car, and i have no money \donations and job offers excepted "
haters gonna hate 
ye olde <propfemale> works once more  that raises the grand total to four pc resurrections performed in the past six years 
stand back! i am going to try       science!
i put on my robe and my wizard hat       disturbed? you should be 
derp 
how much you wanna make a bet i could throw a football over those mountains?
now we wait 
go spartans 
woot 
"hold that thought, i need to play this wicked guitar solo \\what was that you were saying?"
<propmale> butler?
wants a dirigible 
"don't mess with him, he is the batman and knows all the punches!"
"whenever i'm sad, i just stop being sad       and start being awesome  true story "
i wonder if hogwart's has a graduate studies program      
"how is it that i have copies of the first, third, and fourth <propmale> potters but not the second? there is no justice in the universe "
"you go, then i'll go "
being spooky 
"nanowrimo: 50,000 words to go "
47695 words to go 
"45,208 words to go "
at least now i won't be seeing those ridiculous filibuster political ads on television anymore       for a time      
"43,083 words to go "
"south park and cthulhu - sufficiently humorous, oddly disturbing "
"no novel work, but some serious self-reflection and journal writing  can't argue with that "
mom just asked if i wanted sherlock holmes in vhs  parents are funny 
dooom!
"41,188 words to go "
fable iii receives my official stamp of approval 
"39,833 words to go  i'm just over a fifth of the way there!"
i need an environmental disaster to make $2000 off of (short story contest)      
"365,000 words to go, and one environmental short story begun  my, my, i've been productive tonight "
mintberry crrrrrrunch!
"34,831 words to go  actions sequences are fun "
"33,032 words to go  just over 3000 behind       but at least now my sleep schedule is back to normal "
"the last man on earth sat alone in a room  there was a knock on the door \~shortest horror story ever written by <propmale> brown"
"31,364 words to go  6,364 words today to be back on schedule at the half way point       it's already the 15th?"
"28,074 words to go  not that far behind      "
"8 days to write 25,000 words  we'll see how this goes "
guess who's got two thumbs and going to grad school  this guy 
"less than 10,000 words away  not bothering with exact <propfirst> at the moment "
it's the final countdown (synthesizer solo optional)
"50195 words  i win, nanowrimo "
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone  it's been a pretty solid quarter century "
"grad school business, galactic conquest in sins of a solar empire, e-reader and computer browsing research, reddit <propfemale> cultivation, wishlist management on amazon concerning game design theory philosophy and texts on ergodic literature, and firefly  \if i wasn't a nerd before, i think i just broke the scale  now i'm going to read dune for a bit "
needs to build more pylons 
"nooooooo!\i was just rickrolled "
lightning during a blizzard       kind of disturbing 
fun fact: pressing f13 is a hotkey for google 
"i got a free  pdf of the codex seraphinianus  i'm incredibly pumped about this, even if i can't read it "
zug zug 
"does anybody really understand what people are saying in academic essays or is discussion about them actually a game of who can make up the best \interpretation\""?"""
"idea from adventure time!: if i were to make an argument using auto-tune, would it make that argument more effective?"
