f5d9a1a720aae26cc996281add31f215
sometimes thinks umlauts are dirt on the computer screen 
seems to have lost the wagon 
anyone know anyone from berlin?
"oh yeah, i'm going to spain tomorrow "
is sad to have her room to herself again 
anyone have a montreal guide book for me to use?
how did i get on the mailing list for semites magazine?
wants more vacations please 
is excited for fake vacation!
lass ihn raus den tiger!
in montreal until the 26th 
back in ny
is looking to move october 1st   anyone got a room for me?
any jew friends want to go to <propmale> this winter?
i believe the phrase is: boooooooooooyaaaaaaaaaah!
again    looking to move october 1st    anyone got any leads?
a <propmale> emergency is not 
a <propmale> letter is brief 
"is saying \yes\"" with emphasis!"""
is a guest lecturer in germany!
has a new awesome home!
likes speaking <propmale> -- deal with it!
"'s neighbors are a half indian, half jewish family   i guess this is now the hinjew part of the neighborhood!"
is excited that it's <propfemale>'s birthday! where would we all be now if she weren't born?
's application is in   thanks to everyone for all the help!  so much gratefulness! and a sigh of relief 
birthday party!  woot 
has a very big cat!
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, friends!  i love you guys "
what should i be for halloween?
<propfemale> rennt - ohne untertitel!
hollow weenies 
"   fünf, sechs, alte hex'   "
was ist passiert?
"\für sekunden sehe ich durch meine ersten augen \"""""
"i just realized my favorite line in twilight i made up  crap  nevertheless, the \i'm a monster!\"" \""you're beautiful\"" exchange really should have happened """
"is cold, but generally pleased with the world "
ich gebe meinen senf dazu!
is the victim of identity theft    again 
see yah next year!
is now professor cohen!
round 1! victory!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
schneetag!
das gedicht thematisiert   
feels so much happier with this weather!
hexenwahn!
does anyone have a picture of me in which i look smart good and am not doing anything particularly silly?
do they serve brunch in <propmale>?
just had knowledged dropped on me from a student research paper! i intend to eat organic eggs from here on in!
"better change my status fast, as the last one had mad typos!"
"if you got an email from me with a link in it today, do not follow the link    my emal has been hacked "
hat haare auf den zähnen!
"wein auf bier das gönn' ich dir, bier auf wein das lasse sein"
schmetterling schmetterling schmetterling
wunderkammer
<propfirst> still out pitonyak better take me to cpk's for lunch or i'm going to be really upset 
hop on hop off wagon 
wisenheimer
"leaving tomorrow!  if you have anything you need to say to my face, it's your last <propmale> until september!"
gettin my <propmale> on    with euro keys    ßüöäß
"hamburg adventure, early in the morn! id tell you all about it, if you were here!"
"goodbye berlin, hello wien!"
salzburg and tyrol adventure    wunderkammer?
how many alps have you seen recently?
just made out with a donkey    again 
back in ny! gimme a call!
thanks everybody for coming to telephone's launch party last night! it was great and you were great!
does anyone have an air mattress i can borrow this weekend?
the internet is back! phew!
havin' a blast with <propfemale> gugglberger in ny! wiener party!
 love  new york 
is a newly crowned bicyclist!
to what question is the answer 9w?
thanks to everyone for the great birthday wishes!
jury duty jury duty jury duty jury
der vergleich hinkt 
happy erntedankfest everybody 
mondän or mundane?
schneeflocken!
happy birthday to the munj!
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
marry me pitbull!!!
remmidemmi gelegenheit!
jealous  she's jealous 
warrior hair is the new black!
