ae85ca5df4ce8807bdede6b0fec86ee1
formerly <propfemale> kaufman
"y'all have to bear with me, i am learning how this whole facebook thing works    "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=5zrbko3usnq
happy new year!!!!! may it be happy and prosperous to you all 
"impromptu poll for my friends, this is kinda research for one of my classes  if you don't want to post publicly then send me a message, but i need responses please  the questions are: how do you feel about law enforcement and why? do you think profiling is a legitimate law enforcement technique? thank you in advance for your input "
"i hate technology!!! when it fails i am lost  my computer literally farted black smoke and died  so, i made myself feel better by throwing it across the room and making sure it was totally dead  no frustration or anger issues here, uh-uh "
"i am feeling refreshed, re-energized and happy all the way to my soul  <propmale> and i spent a very short, impromptu, hour at the beach  next time i will plan ahead and take the camera and his ball "
a fun one!! -- it's movie line week here on facebook  cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines! don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines   
you want pissed off? i'll show you pissed off!
"i swear technology is out to get me  my computer dies, i lose all my work in progress and all previously submitted materials  because of a glitch on the other end, one of my essay tests doesn't submit; i have to recreate it, on top of the 3 other papers i was writing that all got lost  all due this week  so, i am madly working on 1, and the power hicups and i lost all recent revisions "
"<propmale> just said,\the last minute of the day is the longest  i swear they postpone the minute \"" lol"""
"how many of you really know *all* of the people on your friend list? i mean personally know them? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me  you know, our very first encounter  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed, at how interesting this can really be  ?"
anyone know who <propfirst> smestad is? he is requesting my friendship and i don't have a clue who he is 
"i think a tree must have fallen near my house about 2 surprise 0 am  wild weather, huge crash, the loudest rain i have ever heard and no power for 2 hours  i slept through the no power and i will go investigate the tree theory when the sun wakes up "
mother nature has a sick sense of humor  the only snow we get all year long in on april 2nd  wtf is up with that?
happy easter everybody!!
"woohoo!!!! another semester finished, now i am on summer vacation!!! oh, and i just smoked my last cigarette  i quit!!! no, really, i mean it  i really do this time  i have will power, i swear i do!! "
"you knkow, this quitting smoking thing is a helluva lot easier than i thought it would be, but it's still damn hard  i am sleeping way too much and my back is killing me because of it   i have heartburn from all the water i'm drinking  so, breakfast at 5am (wtf am i doing up at 5am?!?!) is going to be advil and tums  gee i sure can't wait to get even older "
"so, i fell off the non-smoker wagon  it was all deano's fault (that's my story and i'm sticking to it ) yesterday i left my house with the intention of driving the 1 2 mile to the little store out here to buy a pack of smokes and ended up at walmart 35 <propmale> away buying nicorette gum instead and a huge bag of dum dums  i am proud of me, i really am going to put some effort into this "
"coffee without cigarettes tastes soooo much better, but damn it's hard to drink "
road trip!! we are off to (hopefully) <propfemale> southern california for <propmale>'s graduation and a day at disneyland  i haven't been to disneyland since 1974   think it's changed much?
"the boys and i went and saw the last airbender tonight  was pretty good, but i love the story, i love the cartoons, still watch them all the time  i don't recommend the 3d version, not impressive enough to justify the extra $$  see it in 2d, enjoy the special effects, save the extra money and go out to dinner too "
"making potato salad, gonna go bbq ribs at <propfemale>'s tonight after a day filled with lounging by the river and drinking beer  summer has officially graced western wa with her presence  <propfemale> haw!!"
writing a paper on whether minimum wage increases help or hurt the working poor   any thoughts?
"oh the weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful  and since i've no place to go  let it snow! let it snow! let it snow!"
"so, it snowed yesterday morning, cleared up in the late afternoon, got really cold and froze it all up good   now it's snowing again  yipee!! brings to mind the song, \slip sliding away \"""""
"happy thanksgiving wishes to all my friends and family on fb  may you all travel safely, laugh heartily and remember not to drink beer with the deviled eggs "
"i'm a bitch     unfortunately most women won't re-post this! i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is! i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best!! if you're a bitch, repost! i dare you!!    i'll be looking for the gals who are brave enough"
sob  i got the 4am phone call from <propmale>  i can't talk to him again for 4 months because the usmc owns him now  unless they screw up again 
"please copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then please, still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh, and the hearts     for crap's sake don't forget the hearts!"
should a person be required to assume the risk that the garbage collectors for whom he or she leaves garbage-for the purpose of delivering it to a dump-will take the exceptional action of routing the garbage to a police officer instead of to a landfill?
"i am all aquiver (this is not spelled wrong fb, consult with word as i do) with excitement this morning  i have training all this week  it will be the first time i have had an excuse to leave the house more than 2 days in a row in years   yay me!!"
"omg!! i need a good laugh, someone post something funny!!"
"woke up this morning to 4\ of perfect crunchy snow  who wants to have a snowball fight???"""
"by annihilating desires you annihilate the mind  every man without passions has within him no principle of action, nor motive to act \                                                    - <propfirst> <propfemale> helvetius, 1715-1771"
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using exactly 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along   "
"just got through watching \waiting for superman \""  amazing movie  a must see for all parents of school age children """
"??????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's sons week! if you have a handsome son or sons that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!\??????????????? ????? ?????????????????"
