c9a40a631feab1667816d615ea84392a
i'm over the hill and picking up speed  thanks for all your birthday wishes!
glad 2010 is over!  what a year!   looking forward to a great 2011 and following my dreams!  have a great night everyone and happy new year!
"everybody needs to check the \my neighbors\"" tab on farmville  if you have neighbors who have no picture and no name delete them  it's a program for \""real cheaters\"" com  it programs them to automatically collect your gifts the second that you post them  facebook posted this a couple of days ago  i had 2   people     how    about you? you should all repost this for all you friends to see!"""
"the only member of the band zz top without a beard has the last name beard   - weird, trivial, but true"
"this posted today by a friend - could not confirm if it's true or not - i've seen the boxes i think (color?) and clicked on them - no virus that i know of, but no gift either - best to avoid\attention all: there is a white gift boxwith a blue ribbon on it ~ it is stating that someone has sent youagift   they did not   it is a virus    do not open this gift     copyand paste this warning so we can protect our friends"
"there comes a time in your life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people whomake you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good  after all, life is too short to be anything but happy, right? repost this if you agree  "
"? warning!!! ? fb is messing around again!!! go to the top right of your screen, click account & then click edit friends  go to the left side of your screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone # is being published  please repost to let your friends know of this change in security, so   that    they can remove their phone <propfirst> or change their privacy settings "
i need 1 more person to help me with my barn raising - someone please help i posted it yesterday at 8 smile 2am - thank you
i like it on the kitchen chair
"i have to flip the <propfemale>, keep writing, even though some things are over, it's time to start writing the next chapter of my life story "
i am grateful for every person who has entered my life and inspired me challenged me made a difference  i just want to say thank you   - happy thanksgiving all!
officially starting over today -- gave back the keys to the store to the landlords yesterday - definably mixed up feelings - i don't know whether to sigh in relief or in sorrow 
"   just realized how much better coffee tastes when i can sit back, relax and enjoy it without watching the clock   gotta love non-work days "
lets see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does  <propfemale> family and friendship- thank you for being a part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all!!
's birthday is today   proof positive that while growing old is mandatory   growing up is optional!
"definitely a hot chocolate drinkin', fuzzy sock wearin', wishin' u were still home in bed kinda day!"
"has the best hubby in the world!!!\<propmale> is putting tile down in our kitchen  finally getting rid of the stupid carpet!"
getting ready to head out to ozone omaha to see rough cut for an evening of swing dance     favorite band at favorite bar - sounds like the beginning of a great saturday night!
"1  go to google maps and click on get directions \2  write usa as your start point \3  write japan as your destination \4  go to the 31st point on your route and when you stop laughing, post this as your status so that others can laugh at it too   smile "
"sure, i talk to myself, and willingly admit it  it doesn't mean i'm crazy    just that i appreciate intelligent conversations and know where to find one  wink "
"have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately? thats because facebook made a change  you only see posts from people you interact with regularly, to change this scroll down to the bottom of the newsfeed on the homepage and click on 'edit options', click on 'show posts from' and change  the setting to 'all of your friends and pages' *repost and let everyone know*"
twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do  e playful lore  dream  discover  author- <propfirst> twain
"needs some energy with a side of motivation and a pinch of \get up and go \"""""
on our way home from the animal auction    we did good~ only added 3 new birds and sold 18  reduced my  flock by 15 and seriously reduced the noise level 
"okay! we have had enough!!! gas strike march 10th! this worked once before     lets try it again on march 10 if anyone doesn't buy any gas for one day it will hurt the oil companies  its time we stand up to them  we can have a voice  remember \march 10\"" do not buy any gas  please repost make this spread like a wildfire"""
life's a storm and i'm just dancing in the rain  wink 
the world will continue to try & tell you who you are   until you stand up & show the world exactly who you're gonna be 
"hates when she goes to do something, gets there and forgets what she was going to do, turns around, goes back to the starting point, then remembers!!!"
"says, \the world is a safer place once i've had my coffee \"""""
ever just sit and wonder why? lately that word has kept me busy 
"with sunshine on your shoulders, shamrocks at your feet, a rainbow in your pocket and friendship ever sweet, happy st  <propfirst>'s day"
girls can do anything boys can do but girls can do it in high heels
words can be very powerful  why not use them to lift someone up today rather than knock them down?
"who says face book friends aren't real friends? they enjoy seeing you on line everyday, miss you when you aren't, send condolences if you've lost someone, give you wishes on your birthday,enjoy the photos & videos you post, put a smile on your face when you're down, make you laugh when you feel like crying  re- post if you love your face book friends, i love mine!!! thank you everyone"
finally realizes that i don't have to give excuses for everything i do
above all else  don't forget to smile  it either warms there hearts or pisses them off  you win no matter what 
"i feel like my body is here but my mind hasn't shown up yet, just waiting for the coffee to kick in   \~status shuffle"
i wish i could defrag my brain like i can my computer cause i'm running a bit slow today!
heading tonight to the ozone omaha to see shurthing!   haven't seen them in ages! should be a good night for dancing!
"occupy the mind with positive thoughts  set realistic goals  isolate negative influences  conquer fears  eliminate stress  visualize success  e playful ect the best \~ status shuffle ~ good advise if you can follow it  smile "
