d283c93429a39d7f1aa42558a4d45782
is ready for the new year to begin! happy new year everyone!
is turning 21 in june and will have a big party after getting back from visiting relatives 
iz firing his holy retribution! blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgh!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the escondido renaissance faire is on for april 24th and 25th as well as may 1st and 2nd  anyone who'd like to go let me know 
is working on scripts for some of his indie films he is going to make 
is getting ready for the renaissance faire this weekend  w00t!!
is preparing to storm the castle!
is looking for a raid group to help him storm the castle this weekend at the ren  faire  anyone care to join?
"just got back from the last day of the escondido renaissance faire  i stormed the castle, pwned teh n00bzorz, and even met the <propfemale>  i will be uploading pictures of my conquests soon "
made his special recipe mac&cheese  and it is ub@r nomie!  laugh 
is working on a special edition vid of the escondido faire  anyone interested in a copy? only $7 00 a copy 
is cleaning house  ugh  dx
needs a drink  but all the rum is gone  why is the rum gone?!
is tired from moving two beds and a whole truck-load of other stuff around the apartment  imo
is glad its friday!!!  laugh 
thinks saturday went by way too fast 
is doing laundry  blargh
is planning his 21st b-day party  anyone who wants to come let me know 
just got back from filming a wedding  it was awesome 
is making burrito noms   laugh 
needs to fill his invitation list for his b-day costume party! message me if you are coming 
just pulled another all-nighter! he has lost track of how many he has done recently   playful 
just finished working out and feels much better now   laugh 
is waging war against the great flea rebellion of 2010 
almost went all dogman on his computer!
needs cohorts for the evil plans he will soon be implementing  is anyone interested?
is a bit confused right now    someone from a number he doesn't recognize keeps texting him 
has officially 7 days until he turns 21! his party will be at medieval times 
"change of plans for mah party  going back to the original idea of a costume party, just need to get the location set "
wants everyone who plans on coming to my party to please message me so i know how many are  coming and can plan accordingly 
two more days people! hurry up and r s v p !
"well, i am now officially 21! this must be a sign that the world is ending if i am actually 21! lol"
just got a w o w  account and will be online later today!
that wasn't an earthquake people! that was just me firing my holy retribution at a n00b! lol
is going online on w o w  to pwnzor some noobs!
is looking for anyone who wants to come to the escondido ren  faire this oct  pm for details 
is brewing tea and baking brownies 
has at long last defeated the vorpal <propfemale> in single combat!
just got back from waiting at the hospital  mom is out of surgery and is resting now  everything seems to have gone well enough 
mom just got home  she is doing well all things considered and is resting 
"ahwoooo, werewolves of london, ahwoooooooo!"
time to storm the castle!
is about to go to greek-style chicken on the corner of e  <propmale> ave  omnomnomnomienoms
homemade garden soup! anyone want some?
"got <propmale>'s inferno \divine edition\"" earlier today  it is some crazy stuff man! i'm just sayin   """
has a headache    meh 
is heading to the food-4-less on broadway in el cajon 
just fixed his vacuum cleaner  w00t!
is glad today is over!
is getting ready for the opening day of the escondido renaissance faire in the morning!
got back from the faire a while ago  it was cool 
is editing the bit of footage he got at the faire 
is enjoying a pot of bloodberry tea  anyone care to join?
"i'm an un-apologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of theunited states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, onenation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all!! igrew up reciting this every morning in school  it's a shame we no      longer do,    for fear of offending someone!!  let's see how many<propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone hahaha"
\if a zombie bites you," bite it back!\""\"d283c93429a39d7f1aa42558a4d45782,homemade thanksgiving dinner! achievement!
happy thanksgiving everyone!
is making cornish hens using a medieval style recipe 
cornish hens turned out fabulous! i will definitely be using this recipe again lol
"please?put?\ this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ?someone? \you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is ?that ? in \?2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found  ? will ? you ? post ?it ? for ? \just ? one ? hour? ? do it for all of us"
calls for a hogan's heroes dvd marathon! lol
"every\ person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient has one: to get better  i \know97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be \the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer of\ any kind "
"if your mom is or was your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever  if you are blessed to still have your mom, or if she is an angel in heaven  paste this to your status, and let everyone know  you are proud of your mom, and you love her dearly  you can replace a lot of people in your life, but you only have one mom!!"
"ocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can     "
is finally back on xbox live! w00t!
has just made the best cornish hen and rice dinner he has made to date!! w00t
"mom just found a plastic grocery bag in the laundry load she just washed     yeah, pretty much "
soloed scholomance about an hour ago  none were left but minor minions to tell the tale of mah ub@r l33t pwn@ge!
"is telling you guys, el cajon can get weird(er) late at night  it's not surprising, mind you, just    different "
say hello to the ban-hand!!
and once again i am stuck at home with no way of getting out to join the festivities    naturally  ugh  dx
"so for that zombie apocalypse thing floating around  fb where you're team is made up of you and the first 4 or 5 people on your friends list that show up on your <propfemale>, i got: <propmale> tippin, <propfirst> <propfirst> spitzer, chaz <propmale>, <propfirst> <propmale>, and <propfirst> <propfirst>  that's a pretty good team if i do say so  <propfemale> mulvihill and <propfemale> barrick are the 6th and 7th shoe-in members because they're cool like that   lol"
