daec64f7cc0de2badb0903d406788178
your am is my pm    the sad reality of working nights   
overestimated how much time she would need to get ready for school this morning    45 minutes from now i can leave!
   i'm rated pg?!?!?  wtf is that about?
7 days until vacation   
will probably be late to work and don't care   wink 
"is randomly adding friends at the speed of light! i should totally be studying for my final test tomorrow, but since i'll get a b regardless of how i do on this test    "
has been up for 27 hours    my eyes feel like someone poured sand into them and my stomach aches like i'm going to vomit  ew    i need sleep!!! but i haven't packed yet    ugh 
"just discovered games on facebook    i'm slow to this whole thing, i know  p s  going on vacation in a few hours! whoo!!!"
"i'm baaaaack!!! for today anyway, and then we're off again tomorrow  camping was fun, but i seriously missed my vampire wars   wink "
leaving in 2 hours for vacation    again  lol
i love vampire wars!!!
feels like she's going to puke    little sister was sick yesterday  ugh!
"i have to work tonight and i didn't sleep today    i'm thinking that wasn't so smart, and i'm sure i'll agree with myself around 3 am or so   wink "
has to work again tonight and has only had 3 hours of sleep so far  not good  not good at all 
guess what i'm doing tonight!?!?!?                                           working                  again  lol
is so tired   she may vomit  going to bed for real this time 
just figured out she starts school on monday  ewwww!!!
"is still wasted from last night  is it safe to assume i shouldn't have driven myself home when i had been drinking for 6 hours and then quit for 3   ? i haven't been to bed since yesterday morning, but in theory i'll get some awesome sleep for work tonight "
is sick  must be the stress   
"needs to update her status, otherwise people might think she's still sick from last friday    lol"
thinks she has a wicked kidney infection    tmi?
is thinking about skipping statistics    but that wouldn't be good 
i'm so tired   my pm is your am 
thinks philosophy is wicked boring     <propfemale> is the coolest part of that class!!! lol
wishes she would wake up    only to realize she's not sleeping and this is her life  sigh
has sent away for her plastic bubble because people around her are getting sick!!!
is hanging out at the swic library with all the 18 year olds    i'm old! i'm like the crypt keeper!!! lol   
just checked ratemyprofessor com for the first time ever and is not surprised her philosophy teacher received a chili pepper    he's smoking! lol
is off to take her first statistics test    followed shortly thereafter by hysterical laughter and then a crying jag  lol
"is goin to bed finally  plus, i'm super-psyched that no one is coming to work tonight because of vacations, schedule errors, and the usual weekend call-ins    son of a b*@#$! lol"
"facebook is having issues    i think it wants to break up with me  i won't be ignored, facebook! lol"
is in denial about her a&p test tomorrow   
is in denial about her stats quiz tomorrow   
is sick   again  if this were sparta i would have been thrown over the <propmale> a long time ago    i'm so sickly 
"\laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life \""    so are the funny people funny because they get hit the hardest? i'm hilarious  lol"""
"when life gives you lemons, make lemonade  then find someone whom life has given vodka, and have a party  lol i love tater salad!!!"
is really pissed off right now   
has noticed it's been a while since she last drank herself stupid    what's up with that?  wink 
send me an invite for cafe world! i'm out! thanks   
has to work tonight    ew 
"has a 10 <propfemale> paper due today  stats: hours of sleep in the past 24 hours -- 3; hours until paper is due -- 11 hours, 50 mins ; pages written -- 0!!!"
feels like puking but is too tired to do so  ew 
"like i said, if you know the quote on my profile underneath my picture, we'll be friends forever!  wink   i need to go to bed  i work tonight "
"would you rather be physically exhausted or mentally exhausted? i'd prefer neither, but i would currently pick mental exhaustion for a nice change of pace "
"\i wonder what great <propmale> taste like   \"""""
"\he's a little drunk  get it? cuz he's little   and he's drunk   \"""""
so yesterday i bought this huge book of pasta recipes from borders  it was on clearance for $7 99 (totally reasonable) and it rang up as $2 97!!! i appreciate things like that in this economy 
the damn dog broke her collar and escaped     *raises can of mandarin oranges* here's hoping she stays gone! bye foxy!!!
considering pimping out foxy's collar to avoid breakage escape    anyone seen the movie dead lock with rutger hauer and <propfemale> rogers?
sleep!!! sleep!!! sleep!!! so tired   
"would sometimes rather be feared than respected, because people deliver results faster if they're scared of you "
"was going to try to post something clever, but is going back to sleep instead   wink "
"\go drink a bottle of yourself!!!\"""""
"okay, facebook  enough of your awesome distractions  it's study time!!!"
is cooking on her day off to avoid doing so on days i have school and work  pretty smart of me  nothing wrong with leftovers! re-heat and eat!  wink 
is tired  <---------understatement alert!!!
thinks country life is way better than farmville  play and send me some chickens!  wink 
another awesome get-together at steph's draws to a close    until next time!!!  wink 
happy thanksgiving!!!
is going to try and get a nap before this black friday bs that i have to work on my day off   
*shakes head sadly*
hasn't watched the amityville horror with <propfirst> reynolds yet   cuz she's chicken 
"officially going to bed for those keeping track of my habits whereabouts at all times  stalker, this means you!  wink "
wishes mom would wake up and make her daily breakfast burrito so i can cook my dinner!!!
is going to watch year one with <propfirst> black and <propfirst> cera  looks funny   
so    f*&#ing   tired!
going to bed for real this time    mmmmmm sleep    a tasty treat 
is wishing for the impossible   again   
i love my new bumper sticker  i do love naps!!!
"so just finished watching amityville horror    wtf, my friends who told me this wasn't scary?!?! i screamed like 4 times into my pillow!!!"
finals in a week!!! aggghhhh!!!
is going to work 8 days in a row    voluntarily    i'm thinking day 6 thru 8 it's best not to talk to me    at all    or look me in the eye  i'm telling you because i care about our friendship   wink 
"\are you on something?          skittles  i had some skittles \"""""
2 days down    6 more to go  it's not that bad so far!!! lol
needs to realize that she is not catwoman after watching catwoman with halle <propfirst> 
doesn't care about her stupid test!!!
is ready to move on    
"working again tonight, making it night 6 of 8  i can't wait to sleep peacefully again    *sigh*"
is f#$%ing tired of studying and is f#$%ing tired from work and is f#$%ing tired of using symbols to avoid offending people   smile 
i karate-chopped my finals in the face!!!!
my legs are almost healed    yay
one positive aspect of my job is: i've learned to create a solution when confronted with a problem  freaking out is not useful to the situation 
"\she's wearing my grandmother's holocaust ring!\""            \""i didn't know they gave out rings at the holocaust?\"""""
took me 30 minutes to figure out the christmas card i received in the mail came from work 
<propfemale> christmas!!!
okay people    it's been christmas for over 4 hours    time to get up to open presents!!! lol
is still sick and wants to call in to work tonight   
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwn    
smashed my finger at work last night and got my first blood blister  ouch and ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!
omg i'm off until the new year! whoo!!!
"there a criminal intent marathon on tv with \skinny <propfirst>\"" as we call him  i love <propfirst> no matter what he looks like! lol"""
hoping 2010 sucks just a little less than 2009     wink 
"loves snow, hates ice "
meow!
my trick to avoiding a hangover? i chug water all day long  i still get drunk without the headache in the morning  it's all about hydration    unless you weren't planning on drinking and ended up doing so like i did last night  ow my head! lol
yaaawn   
"if i were a sim character, my energy level would be so low that i would fall down and pass out on the floor    lol  going to attempt sleep again "
has been up for 20 hours    that's enough 
<propfemale> is mean to me   
happy birthday to me!
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  wink 
today sucks! at swic from 9am to 10pm    that's too much f%!&ing school!
only 6 more hours here    than i can finally go home!!!  wink 
wants a honda cr-v or a nissan rogue   
o     m       g      
"thinks it would be beneficial to have a \robot me\"" go to classes and work while i enjoy life    sigh """
thinks <propfirst> <propmale> has a creep factor of 10 
is so over it!!!
thought of something hilarious! ha ha ha ha ha!!!
"hates the new \simplified\"" home <propfemale>    i like having my application bar on the bottom of the <propfemale> """
is so exhausted she fears falling asleep at the wheel on the way to school   
is happy that she will be home exactly 12 hours from now    my life sucks   wink 
thinks it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia is the greatest show ever    probably because it's so wrong   wink 
discovered her tax refund check is going to be bigger than anticipated   yessssss!
thanks again <propfemale> for the jump and thanks to <propfirst> for putting cables in your car!  wink 
5 5 hours until school is over and i get to go home    jealous?
might be having gallbladder issues   my stomach hurts!!!
is over it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"the swic library is filled with sneezing, sniffling, coughing and other types of germ spreading    can i get a bubble please?!?!"
oh sleep    where did you go?!? i'm pretty sure the 4 hour nap isn't going to hold me over for the next 15 hours  ugh 
i'm going to be doing a speech on sleep deprivation  how has lack of sleep negatively affected you your life? responses are welcome  send me a message if you don't want anyone to read it  need a quote from someone i know  thanks!
<propfemale> rented new <propfemale> a while back and i was bored    i finally gave in and watched twilight  we have the first one and i had to watch that before the new one  lol i think it would have been more enjoyable if i were a tween   
doesn't know whether to laugh or cry    how about screaming uncontrollably?
"is going on a bender after this semester ends    i'm mean sloppy, slurring, blackout drunk  but because of school of work i've alienated everyone, and i wonder if i'll have anyone left to go with me   ?"
has to clean up around here for easter tomorrow! whoo!
needs a nap!
as the day is progressing i'm getting redder and redder  i got sunburnt at easter yesterday! wtf?!? guess those 2 hours (<propmale>) of sunshine on my pale-works nights-never sees daylight except from the inside-skin got to me   wink 
okay    so it's spring or whatever but are all the wasps necessary?
does not feel well  ugh 
wants to smash her phone into a jelly!!!
it's raining it's ass off!!! geez 
"less than a month of school! time to buckle down, i guess     wink "
"\we're doing episode 81?\"""""
"oh, the multiple things i should be doing right now    sigh  lol"
just trying to keep it together before i lose it    big time!
"\aaaaaaaaagggggggghhhhhhhhh!!!     tension breaker  had to be done \"""""
"if bravery is defined as turning one's midterm in with nothing but a name, date, and \have a nice summer!\"" written in bold    i'm a f%^&ing coward!"""
"totally finished with the huge paper, totally finished with the slightly smaller paper, and i have 3 hours until class  facebook games! lol"
two <propmale> events taking place tomorrow that are totally awesome: 1) steph's birthday and 2) road trip to iowa whoo hoo!!!
home at last!  wink 
"sorry cute, red-haired guy from murphy's pub    we're too far apart for a long distance relationship to work "
keeps hearing the thunder    but where's the rain?
is refusing to play my tribe anymore  all of the people are too old to procreate except for the brother and sister  that's sick 
that's why my friends call me whiskers   
woohoo!
i want to watch stepbrothers! i don't own it though    boo   
is officially a college graduate! i received my diploma in the mail  would have had it sooner but i took a *disguises--(4 year)--with cough* break   wink 
anyway   
"do it, <propmale>!!!"
<propfemale> and i just finished watching cry baby  dibs on pepper's nameless boyfriend!!!
"got emotional watching an old episode of \america's next top model\""   ? time to get some sleep!"""
my throat hurts!!!
has a cold and ran out of dimetapp    dislike!
cold has taken up residence in my chest    like the commercial 
"i'm back, b!^tches!!! cold is gone and i feel like myself again  no more (ahem, cold-related) crabbiness!  wink "
venturing out into the sun today with the girls for swimming! hoping to get that off-white look that's so hot right now   
i haven't fallen asleep yet for my shift tonight  time will tell if this was a mistake 
another awesome get-together at kevone's!
so   haven't seen <propfemale> in a while    i'm an awesome babysitter  lol
flipping out is on tonight!!! i'm excited 
either i'm hearing thunder or a big-ass truck   ? or it's in my head  lol
is getting more pissed off by the second!
w   t   f
"found a giant spider in the tub earlier, so i washed it down the drain  return hours later to find a giant spider in the tub    please tell me it's not the same giant spider!!! i washed it down again and closed the drain  if he she opens the drain i'm moving "
thanks hulu for the opportunity to watch shows for free that i would otherwise miss  i like covert affairs   wink 
so i picked up my car    the new tires rock! i can't believe i was driving on the bald ones for as long as i did  kinda scary  lol
looking forward to work tonight    really!            lol!
does water go bad   ?
"oreo: oreo doesn’t always <propfemale> out with milk, sometimes it visits strawberry \\me: oreo gets around    is that cream in between the cookies normal?"
whatever
meow
"\nobody talks to <propfirst> idol that way!\"""""
"today was fun! we should do this again some time    no, i really mean it, though!  wink "
"\that kid is back on the escalator again!!!\"""""
cold or allergies? time will tell   
"a playlist with <propfemale> keys = best night's sleep ever! or it could have been the diphenhydramine    whatever, the sleep was good!"
"come on, <propfemale> keys sleeping playlist    work your magic!!!"
i can't sleep!!!
"dear vodka jello, if you could hurry up and set so i can enjoy you that would be great  your friend, <propfemale>"
"\you mean i'm going to stay this color?!?!\"""""
no more coffee!!! jesus    i need to sleep 
i need to get out more or i'm going to end up like howie on benchwarmers   
is awesome  just sayin'   
"despite the wind, it's like, absolutely gorgeous outside! wtf?!? i'm supposed to spend it sleeping? i think not     wink "
um    last night was stupid with a capital stup!!!
"\something smells funny   \"" (beep beep beep beep beep beep) omg! the fish!"""
actually got a compliment last night!!! wow!!!
"if there's another house marathon on today, i'm screwed! i love that show   "
"random fact about nikki: she passed up a potentially beautiful relationship because he said, and i quote: \i hate will ferrell \"""""
it is nearly impossible to drain a pot of noodles with only one oven mitt   
highly recommends tani for great sushi! it was so good   
"is starting to feel sick    sorry work peeps, i don't have sick days  i'll try not to cough directly in your face   wink "
"\10 to 1 says that guy has a necklace made of ears!\"""""
"wants to trade life with my sim for awhile  she's <propmale>, owns tons of property and is a successful author "
"is just looking for a nice guy, you know? one that will hold my hair while i throw up in the bushes   "
    i've got nothin'   
"glee last night? we get to see mr  shue, finn, and the new blonde kid    but no uncle <propfirst>?!?!?"
is going on a 10 day retreat with my bestie!!! whoo!
"columbia theft alert! my dad's truck was stolen last night! the culprits went through my sister's car and stole her money, debit card, license, and social security card! police officer said 15 other cars have been affected so far   "
"columbia theft update!!! 35 cars have been reported as broken into so far, and so far my dad's truck was the only one stolen  poor dad!"
"columbia theft update!!! well, they found dad's truck in e  st  <propfirst>    torched!!! it's like laugh or cry around here today    we've been laughing "
"dear thieves,\  thank you for causing all the drama today so i couldn't catch a nap before work  i'm sure my co-workers will be silently thanking you when i turn into a raggedy bia later  \hoping your cell is cold and your bologna sandwich is dry,\<propfemale>"
is finishing packing for the retreat! see you in 10 days or so facebook friends!  wink 
is back home    *half-heartedly* yay!  lol
sushi!!! with my bestie!!!  wink 
highly recommends the the chinese sushi place across from the o'fallon 15 cinema  so cheap and so delicious!!!
commencing food coma in 3   2   1   !
i met <propmale> formally for the first time today  i love her!!!
is feeling some midnight manicotti   
"is having trouble thinking of a gift that says, \thanks for being my best friend for 20+ years  thanks for the shared laughs and tears  thanks for listening and offering advice to any and every situation  thanks for being you   \"""""
made a recent realization and ewwwww!!!!
"steph had a kumar moment at the sushi place  \look at that couple! the guy is reading a book!\"" so i turn thinking the table is going to be farther than right next to us!!! lol freakshow heard everything you said   """
i haven't fallen asleep yet    this sucks 
has been in a coma since yesterday    i really should get more sleep during the week 
spent forever looking for the dude that sings o holy night so awesomely    apparently forever is 20 minutes 
"\be excellent to each other   \"""""
"thinks that because her new slippers are hard on the bottom like shoes, she should be able to wear them out    just sayin'   "
"\we've got no food  we've got no job  our pets heads are falling off!!!\"""""
going to watch sorcerer's apprentice with <propfemale>!!!
"quit changin' stuff, facebook!!!"
"it's not that hard to understand, daywalkers    your pm is my am  would you like to be repeatedly woken up at 3 in the morning? isn't sleep deprivation used as a form of torture? whatever info  you want from me, i would have given it to you by now!!!"
ugh! majorly frustrating trying to not vent personal issues on fb   
if you play gourmet ranch    add me!  wink 
"thanks for waking me up, nightmare! you douche!!!"
new profile will take some getting used to   
taking a break from wrapping making gifts    i feel like a freakin' elf!  wink 
drama free since '86   
"i'm still an aquarius!!! f u, new sign!!!"
yaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!
omg! thanks for all of the birthday wishes!!!  wink 
