71c15003bd21a4916da63141b0335730
it was e playful ected       i'm gonna be okay     
guess what? my girlfriend is hotter than yours      and she doesn't look like me 
<propfirst>'s sex appeal: -blond hair -blue green eyes -21yrs old to my age -perfect smile -white teeth -great personality (watch & play any sport) -nice but not too nice -needs to be a gamer or semi-gamer -needs to be a full female -skinny athletic -not a smok
i dated a girl for about a month and a half and guess what? she opened up to me and said she's a lesbian!?!? totally confused!!!!!!!!!
how the hell do these ads no what im thinking?! f*in creepy!
psn - sir_glenn
"i tink i got breast cancer cuz i feel a huge bump on my left boob       no, wait! that's a nacho  sorry, false alarm "
i'm looking for the contact info of yasumi matsuno  does anyone here know his contact info? i tried square enix but they said that he retired or something about quitting  it's very important 
i'm feeling surprised  some people in this world surprises me 
"its 417 am and i'm still here at e playful ression doing my work  oh look! i'm not the only person here  another person just came in  <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>   i bet he needs to do his late assignment too  what a lazy person  i hope he is not reading this cuz i'm talking about him  no, not u  ha ha ha       dammit i need to get back to work cuz in 12 hours i need to turn in an assignment       "
oh sh*t! he just walked passed me  i hope he didn't see anything  well at least i'm on my third line  so no worries there  oh no! he's sitting two seats next to me! and he is looking at my screen i am going to stop typing because i think he is reading what i'm typing  now he just looked away  i am slightly taking a peek at what    
 oh sh*t! now he is beside me! i think this guy is a girl because he smells like flowers     yes! it is a girl because i used my peripherals and she wasn't looking at me    she was actually checking me out! does that make me gay cuz i'm sitting here typing and not doing the same    sh*t!
"she asked me a question! and i'm still typing! i am now lookin g at my shoulder using my peripher als as i am typing  s he wants me if i know z brush and if she could borrow my wac om, tablet  i said no and she asked me how old <propfemale> "
i said i am 25 and she giggled  i guess she thinks i am younger than that  damn   she is hot! i feel like i want to bang her right here in this classroom  she is leaving                                she left  door slams  missed my opportunity  435 
is thankful i have great friends 
today i saw a walrus  tomorrow i'll see a deer 
"proverb of the day: a man who has friends must himself be friendly, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother "
<propmale> <propmale> is real 
how white are you? -- my result: <propmale> <propmale>  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 825 referrals status?aid=1478183552
"thank you all for wishing me a happy birfday! it was the most splendid and wonderful time i had in 26 years! so let me share you all my life story before i go back to work on my project for graduation \before time existed, there was a cosmic e playful losion that released an immense amount of heat and pressure "
"the force was too intense that it needed a substance that had liquid properties infused within it so that it would slide easily without irritation and thunderstorms  as the anomaly proceeded to form its bond and concentration on its rhythmic pattern, its plasmic waves of white rays bursted into colorful lights that formed a cloudy sphere of bright orbs flashing in and out across the flickering stars of the universe "
"all the particles and energy raced away from one another at tremendous speeds  as the hot particles cooled and continued to e playful and into space, matter formed and the stars and galaxies of the universe were born \when i was born from out of my beautiful vessel, i was greeted by a klan member who beat the crap out of me to see if i had a voice "
i don't remember much after that but only flashes of images of my grandmother from my mom's side that loved to take care of me before i moved to a couple of places like <propfemale>!!!! i was a military brat  my dad was in the air force and my mom was a catholic but she was later converted to christianity because of my dad  i followed a different religion before i became a christian 
"but anyways, i was about 4-5 years old when i went to my first education class  it wasn't really an education but more like sleepy time and eating glue  i didn't spend much time in there because the teacher told my mom that i was too young and that i was too \rowdy\"" in the classroom  i looked back at this before and i remembered that my entire class including my teacher were white """
"when i moved to korea, i was 6 at that time, i would always play outside because there were kids that looked just like me and go to the bizarre market  after that i moved to hahn, germany  i loved that place  the people were friendly, the food was great, and for some reason i saw some weird crosses attached to people's arms  i didn't know what they were at that time  i also moved to aviano, italy "
"that place was great too  altough i felt scared and ashamed if i visit their beaches  europe was the first place that i e playful erienced snow falling from the sky for the first time during the winter season  after that i would spend  (and is still spending) the rest of my life until i would find my own life to live  that place was here, fairfield, california "
"ah, yes, center elementary school  very nice teachers and cool classmates! a very memorable time! middle school  <propfemale> west  semi-wonderful time i had in there  50 50 good and bad memories  i had alot of bullies in there though  it got worse when i went to high school  the school i attended was vanden and then tec high  alot of bad memories  i was a loser back then  i had no title "
"i had a few friends but i wasn't popular  everybody picked on me  everybody thought i couldn't make it  i was the poor sap that nobody bothered to help  i don't want to list the bullies that picked on me because it really doesn't matter anymore  i never went to prom  nobody asked me  yes, i asked people but they always said they were too busy "
the next day i would hear their friends say to the ones i asked that they had a great time  my grades were failing and i didn't have enough credits to pass for graduation  i was going downhill  i had the worst depression i had ever had  i wanted to commit something horrible to myself but then i saw a shimmering light that persuaded me off from the darkness 
"i thought to myself that i bet that's what they want me to do  so i used that anger, i used that sad feeling and pursued my goal to be better than them  whenever they would say something that would tick me off or i get discouraged, i would have to get used to it from every seconds, minute, hours, days, weeks, and months just to get through "
"i spent my remaining year in tec high to graduate  yes, i struggled  i did it all by myself  my greatest achievement was surviving hell  the next achievement i sought out was to do something that i would love to do for the rest of my life  video games  i applied to solano community college for almost 2 years and then i applied to a very unique college that i am about to finish my studies on "
"if i pass this, then i would finally find more work  yay     i mean, huzzah!!!!!! thank you dear listeners for reading <propfirst>'s odd and amazing life story! tune in next time for <propfirst>'s love life next week on monday, apr  1, 2055 at 8pm est  we hope to see you again! please stay tuned after these subliminal messages!"
"i bought black ops for the 360 as well as ass creed brotherhood for the ps3 and it is ah-may-zing! and then when i died multiple times because people lag too much, i played hangman  i purposely lost each time  it was fun "
i heard alot of bad talk about this movie and i believed them until i decided to see it and be the judge of it  people    i have to admit the story sucked big muffin tops but tron is the best visual and spectacular movie i have seen so far! if you seen the original then don't watch it but if you just wanna see it for the visual effects and dazzling scenes then by all means!
"it is worth it  i saw it twice btw  now i have no money  sad   yes, that's right, asians can be poor "
"my website is working except for my reel  still updating it \\www sirglenn84 com"
"and so i learned that women \secretly\"" fart in public """
"reel will be updated sometime at the end of february  by then, i should be able to work on my next project "
small or big world out there     i think i could give it my best  smile  
"ex-flying potatoe    and now graduated as a barking spider  class 83  hahaha sounds like the song, huh? \take me back to 1983!\"""""
