5c4550271a0df267df00027d35cc2642
"went on a walk tonight   the <propfemale> was full and bright, and it shone through a thin sheet of cloud   there was a contrail above the cloud that cast a shadow on it, and the shadow could be seen through it   i'd never seen that before "
"misses school   strange, i know "
is still writing 
"thinks her book is a lot more interesting than her life right now   the manti trip will be exciting, though "
"likes russian classical music   guess what?  i've got over 30,000 words, and i'm on the 45th <propfemale>!"
loved the manti pageant!
wonders what's going to happen next   
"yay!  good job, <propmale> and everybody else who was in <propmale> wonka jr !"
"i need to get back to my writing, but i should also be getting to bed   "
there's a flash flood warning for all of southwestern utah!  stay away from washes and gorges and such 
"farewell, old smokey "
happy independence day!
"went to see <propfirst> v at the shakespearean festival friday night (which was awesome), and then to a tea party and fireworks yesterday   life's pretty exciting "
finally found a way to build up to the climax and start the ending to a song   i only hope it's a good climax and ending 
did some planting yesterday   i decided that i want to be a gardener when i grow up    as well as a writer    and a composer    and a   
"is on <propfemale> 50!  i've only got three or four lines on that <propfemale>, but i'm there!"
"well, now i've got 50 pages   yay!"
is actually pretty excited for school to start 
"will be really happy if congress doesn't have us fined if we don't get \affordable health care \""  why should they have to tell us what we can and can't afford?? are they telling us we're stupid and can't make any decisions on our own?  let's hope they're """
"is really, um    boring apparently   can't wait for school!"
is going to bed before 11 surprise 0 for the first time in eons 
"just got back from a ten-day family vacation to the pacific northwest   i don't think i'd mind living there   it's got real trees, the ocean, picturesque farmlands, and mountains nearby   couldn't do without mountains   i would miss all the cool southern "
 love 's finale 
"okay, obama, cabinent, and congressmen, what about this thing called the constitution? what about this thing called <propfemale>?  <propfemale>? and what about this free speech thing in case we think you need a reminder?  ah, i had forgotten   only crazy people question obama   if that <propmale> passes, i might just up and move to middle earth or something "
"ha ha!  i've reached the 40,000 word <propfirst>!  hmm    maybe i'll move to my imaginary world   wait    politicians are just as messed up there   it seems there is no escape!  at least in middle earth there are people like gandalf, galadriel, aragorn, farimir, etc "
is getting ready to go back up to snow!
is back in ephraim and all set for school   this is my last day as a teenager   
is having a pretty good day   thanks for the surprise party!  you guys are awesome!  school starts tomorrow 
"is going to be busy, busy, busy!"
spoke to senator <propmale> today   and she is glad tomorrow's friday   and she's thinking about being a musical historian -- if such a thing exists   and she needs some sleep   laugh 
"is staying up late listening to plainchant and other medieval music   wild stuff   actually, i'm going to hit the sack pretty soon "
"is going to live in an old library that looks like a castle and write chants, epics, and the like by the light of the high windows and 3-foot candles "
loves her printer right now 
"\nec desit virtus \""  \""nor let valour be lacking \"" (furse family motto ) the word \""virtue\"" is derived from the latin \""virtus\"" which means \""strength \""  see sister <propmale>'s talk on returning to and standing up for virtue from tonight's ces fireside   it was very inspirational """
is going back down to the eccles building 
's violin teacher says she needs to put more passion into the mendlessohn concerto   so what do i do?  watch political commentary   that's really the only thing that gets me upset 
is tired and should go to bed 
"watched monteverdi's l'orfeo this weekend (on youtube of all things)   five years ago, i never would have thought i would want to watch an opera a second time   the early baroque instruments and music and the visual aspects were really cool "
"orchestra concert on friday at 7 smile 0!  we'll be playing a wide variety of pieces, from vivaldi to gershwin   all you snow people should come!"
loves ephraim in the fall 
got her homework and theory grading done before 2 surprise 0   ha!
likes things made with pumpkin 
"is doing well, but tired and wondering where her brain wandered off to "
"is registered for classes next semester   yay!  now, where to go to school next   "
"just finished writing a chorale about a lost pencil for sight singing ear training  she really wants her brain back because she's going nuts without it   so if anybody's seen it, let her know "
is having lord of the rings withdrawls again   i've been reading <propmale> the return of the <propmale> for bedtime story while i've been home 
"is still having lotr withdrawls   oh, never let her have sugar after 6 surprise 0 when she's lacking sleep   augh!  a d flat and a d natural at the same time?!  how am i supposed to analyze that?"
made it through this week   whew!
is done with biology!  ahhahaha!
"has e playful erienced -20 degree weather first hand, and is sure it got around 120 degrees this summer in hurricane   140 degrees difference in the same year "
"is wondering what on earth to do with herself now that school's out   well, i could always read lord of the rings again   haven't done that for awhile "
got copies of the lord of the rings books for her very own for a dollar each at di   i love di 
"i guess all my anti-social-ness and time hulled up in my room or at the library and the eccles building paid off, but i am not taking that many credits at once again   so there!  laugh "
finally has time to sit down and read and write and listen to music   ahhh      i just need to stop sleeping in so late -- and staying up so late   good night 
"i've just been reading about the hobbits' journey through the old <propmale>   trees in middle earth tend to be pretty tempermental, i've decided "
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically start plunging the earth into the sun  to change this option, go to settings --> planetary settings --> trajectory then un-click the box that says 'apocalypse ' facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all to see   90% of people won't bother "
gets the impression that byu doesn't like transfer students very much 
strider (aragorn) is awesome 
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
"what's on my mind?  lord of the rings, music, school    obviously "
"is heading back up to ephraim tomorrow   yay!  it was nice to have a break and be home with my family, but i need to have something to do!"
has returned to her orbit and spent the greater part of the day in the eccles building   the world is back to normal 
"is taking a break between homeworks  these breaks will get increasingly farther and fewer between, but not like last semester if i can help it "
"well, the first week is over   i think i'll survive this semester   now, down to the depths of the laundry room "
rats   where's my brain?
"yes, there are the late night rehearsals, the sore back, and the clicking noise of doom, but i'm kind of excited to play songs of sanctuary again "
snow
"had a good practice session today, then walked home in the snow "
has decided that the first movement of schubert's symphony no  8 is awesome   now i want to find the rest of them 
"doesn't like waking up when she still wants to be in the dream, and it's not resolved yet  oh, by the way, liquid mercury is really wierd "
"owner of a lonely heart, much better than an owner of a broken heart  [insert musical notes here ]"
my violin teacher told me i should fall in love with triplets (the rhythm kind ) ok    one and a two and a three and a four and a     love 
"had a random thought in the middle of the night: chords are like people   they can share common tones, but they're all unique "
my roommates are trying to tell me that i'm girly   i hate pink   i can't stand chick flicks   i never do my hair up or wear nail polish   hm 
"decisions, decisions "
"went to a 9 smile 0-11 surprise 0 recording session last night, got my eardrum pummeled to death, got home, and realized i still had to do my science homework   so if i'm a little more insaine than usual today, you'll know why "
had sort of a rollercoaster weekend with a bittersweet compromise at the end   watched a video on shoenberg in music history   his music makes you feel like you're wading through a swamp and going insaine all at once   some tonal music!  please!  aaaugh!
"it's so nice outside   i want to go on a trip or camping or hiking or something outside     i just looked at the weather   apparantly, it's only 38 degrees out there "
"the chamber orchestra played schubert's mass in g with the choir last night   love it   we got what, half a foot of snow dumped on us in the afternoon, and half of that within the first couple of hours   so much for the nice 38 degree weather!"
spent six flippin' hours grading theory assignments   it's a good thing i'm getting paid for this 
"has a job interview for the summer, and it's only march   excited to go home and see her family "
just found out that kansas is coming to st  <propfirst> in april!  still excited to go home and see red dirt again 
"so why does thunder and lightning just come with rainstorms, not snowstorms?  or am i just crazy?"
"went hiking in zions with family, made pecan pie, and got new music   what could be better?"
"e playful ressionism:  the composer may be e playful ressing himself, but i have no idea what he's trying to say "
"the fire alarm went off at 11 surprise 0 last night, and we were all outside for a half hour waiting for the fire department to come and decide we were safe   i think it was burnt popcorn   well, there ought to be a some adventure in life "
went to an awsome 30's and 40's concert   good job everybody who participated!
"discovered how 11 10 time works and the ratio of 5th notes to quarter notes yesterday   and if that wasn't enough time wasted, my roomates locked up my homework and keys and made me watch the fellowship of the rings "
"had an eventful weekend   first, making music history and watching lord of the rings   then a visit from my grandparents and aunt and uncle   then a wal-mart adventure   then our <propmale> had family day yesterday   it was good to see mom and dad and the boys "
confusion! guess what?  the bells on campus started ringing again!  and the sidewalk is fixed 
"'s family came to our two-hour concert last night, and then they stuck around this morning while dad fixed the car  i love my family!  it was good to see them "
has decided that quintal <propfemale> is awesome   listen to copland's appalacian spring if you get a <propmale> 
"it's funny how i want this insaine week to be over with, but i also want time to slow down too   only two weeks left!  put on the brakes!"
"well, i survived last week, and i'm very glad that i did   just two more finals and graduation   this is so weird "
"thinks that if she was a ghost, she would haunt the eccles building   she just randomly walked there for no reason   she's strangely drawn to that place "
"graduates tomorrow   wait    what happened to the time?!  well, i must say, the last two years have been awesome   i made some good friends and learned some good things   that doesn't mean there weren't hard times at all   in fact, i think that's partly why they were so awesome   they were growing e playful eriences   i love snow college!"
"it still hasn't hit me that i'm a college graduate   i celebrated today by cleaning the bathroom and then going on an adventurous night hike with some few remaining castillejans   why am i still up?  good night   by the way, i don't think this thing does spell check anymore "
"wants to thanks everybody for their support and good influences: friends, teachers, leaders, and especially family   i couldn't have come this far   i owe so much to you "
"came home, and suddenly everything's green   it still feels like i'm just home for a short vacation, and that i'll be going back soon   not so   i'll never use a practice room key card in the eccles building   i'll never see some of those people again    ok   that's depressing   new adventures await "
"if anybody out there knows some students who would be interested in summer tutoring for violin, let me know   i'll be charging $15 a lesson   i am a music <propmale>, and graduated from snow college, where they have an excellent accredited music program, and i have 12 1 2 years' e playful erience playing   i want to help students not only learn the techniques, but to help them get excited about music "
"if you're ever having a bad day, listen to some haydn or mozart to cheer up   then end the evening with copeland's appalacian spring   the last movement is so calming and peaceful   that last chord     (i wasn't having a bad day or anything   just sayin' )"
"i think i'm going crazy or something, and i have no idea why    i haven't been listening to atonal music or anything "
"please put this on your status if you know,\or are related to someone killed on the death <propfemale>  my wish for 2010 is\that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a band of\murdering scum  the empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy but\these rebels continue to kill our brave brothers in white   93% won't\copy and paste this  will you make this your status for at least one\hour?"
i will get a job   i will get a job   
just had a job interview at the chocolate factory!  i think it went well 
"had a random thought: if time is the fourth dimension, then music is an <propmale> form in the fourth dimension   hm   "
"is\a nerd, yes  for graduation, my parents gave me a copy of tolkien's\\new\"" book: the legend of sigurd & <propfemale>  the introductory\",5c4550271a0df267df00027d35cc2642,thinks she has finally found a job   yay!
went to ephraim today with mom for the scandinavian heritage festival   it felt like i had never left   so many memories 
"has never seen so much laundry at once in her life   7 hours' worth   but hey, it's a job!"
"okay   tolkien did not plagarize wagner   the book i'm reading now, interestingly, is tolkien's modern english version in verse (with commentary) of the eddas, the same story wagner based his ring-cycle opera on   neither one stole from the other; they just had the same sources   tolkien was an e playful ert on these sources   it is no surprise that he would involve rings of doom, dragons, and heroes in his own mythology "
working at a motel makes me want to travel 
"i still love music  history, writing, astronomy etc  sound fun too  i want to learn every mythology out there and old english, and possibly old norse    aaugh! there isn't time to be an e playful ert on everything   maybe i should be a professional student, and use stuff i learn as inspiration for writing music and books   prepare for some very programatic music with elements from 30 different time periods and cultures   laugh "
"have you ever known a person who seems to have come straight out of a myth, a fairytale, or an old epic, or if they were thrown into one, they'd be right at home? they make life less dull   trouble is, they are rare   so are lots of other people, and at this time of life, you make friends with people, and then you're separated and don't see them again for a very long time "
"evil alien: we will utterly destroy you \dr  who: not today, thank you  [with a smile ]\haha!  it makes me laugh for some reason "
must be really boring   she can't think of anything to put here 
\no people can be bound to\,5c4550271a0df267df00027d35cc2642,has just discovered how close rexburg is to yellowstone and the grand tetons   laugh 
registering for classes is sooooooooo much fun 
"okay \i knew something wasn't adding up here  i was recently informed by\byu-i's financial aid office that they don't traditionally consider\transfer students for academic scholarships  why did they say at the\end of their application that all transferstudents with more than 30 credits would be considered for a scholarship?  (i have 65 credits   that ought to be worth something )  ???"
i think key lime pie makes me thirsty 
"has a confession   i think i'm addicted to dr  who classics  i have to limit myself to one episode a day and not watch any until i've finished everything i have to do   sure the music and the special effects are somewhat cheesy, but hey! it's time travel  i think the <propmale> hanger endings have something to do with it too  it's like they all end on half cadences, musically speaking "
went on a wal-mart adventure!
"our family finally has <propfemale> wars iv-vi!  you know, guys like <propmale> skywalker are way cooler than any sneaky, sparkly teenaged vampires "
"had an interesting day yesterday   i almost got shocked, my computer got infected by a trojan horse, and i went to visit my grandparents   smile  the latter was fun, and the computer is running fine now   right, computer?  right "
cant' wait for school to start because that will mean everything's all settled   hopefully   then i can relax   oh wait    it's school 
"it looks like i might just survive after all!  i went on my student account, and it showed a financial aid award for full tuition!  and i was able to get into the english class finally!  and it rained today!  yay!  somebody pinch me "
"loves rain, peanut butter m&m's and    i can't think of a third thing   why does a list always seem to have to have three items?"
"listening to the lotr soundtrack on the way to work makes life more adventurous, especially with the cool scenery    unless you get stuck behind an rv going 20 <propmale> below the speed limit in a no passing zone   then it's kind of anticlimatic "
"is\doing more research on the ancient <propmale> republic to get inspiration\for her story  it's eerie how much it's like our own history  such as tribunes bypassing the senate to pass progressive laws    what kind of a geek does research like that to write a\fantasy?  or is it really a fantasy? maybe it's a cross between fantasy, historical fiction, and a dystopia novel    that would be a good thing for me to figure out "
"is studying music theory so she can prove she learned something at snow  neopolitan 6ths are still awesome  come to think of it, wouldn't an n chord be considered as naturally occuring in the phrygian mode?"
"thanks for the birthday wishes!  well, now i really have to start acting like an adult "
ha ha!  all my stuff is organized   whew   i think i'm allergic to sorting through old papers 
"okay    the cooler broke, i got in a wreck and totaled the honda, the family car broke down, my brother broke a window, the oven element caught on fire    all within a couple of weeks   my theory is that everything is going bonkers now while we can afford it before the 2011 tax hikes strike  it's a blessing in disguise   smile "
"is getting ready to move up to rexburg   i'm going to miss going to snow college in little old ephraim, but i'm looking forward to a new adventure   i have no idea what to e playful ect, but i'm hoping for the best "
"starts school tomorrow -- fianally  i spent a day in yellowstone with <propfemale> and her family, which was awesome  the gardens on campus are awesome  i got an awesome deal on books  i've discovered that it really is a small world, which is awesome    okay, i should get to bed now "
finished putting up pictures and comics and stuff on the wall   too bad i don't have the traveling lord of the rings poster of castilleja anymore 
"remember 9 11 \\on a brighter note, i think i'm going to like my humanities class  history on steroids!"
"random\thoughts from this strange brain of mine: the mycenaean heroic ideal\sounds a lot like the anglo-saxon one, and ancient egypt actually has a\few things in common with the shire  yes, i'm back in school "
it's interesting having a philosophy class an english lit  class in the same semester  i have to switch brain modes all the time  let's see    what kind of argument is he trying to make? is it valid?    oh wait  i'm supposed to be looking for imagery and symbolism and stuff 
"is it just that i'm really tired or is <propfirst> berkley not making sense? just because someone isn't around to perceive and have the idea of an object's sound, smell, or color doesn't mean it doesn't exist, right? i mean, it could still emit sound waves, chemicals, and reflect a particular light wavelength, even if it's not an idea in our mind because we haven't observed it "
"has been trying to write a paper about whether or not one's self exists  (in case you haven't noticed, school is my life now ) i went to dictionary com, and the first thing i saw was a life insurance advertisement that said \what if you weren't here?\"""""
they should invent glasses with miniature windsheild wipers 
went to the leahy-macmaster concert on saturday  it was worth the $8 and the two hours of not doing homework 
survived today    or i should say yesterday  back at it again    today! after i get some sleep first 
discovered that the humanities tour of europe would actually count toward my <propmale>! yet another reason to go! (besides the fact that it's one of my life goals to tour europe ) now all i would have to do is scare up $3000 before i graduate   
"decided, with the help of <propfemale>, that i'm going to have a fall wedding with pumkins and pomegranites and stuff for decorations and some kind of pumkin dessert  not that i'm having a wedding anytime soon  don't get all excited "
"finished philosophy before 5 surprise 0 today, so i can actually read some more for humanities, and i'm going to the planetarium for the show about black holes tonight  today is good "
"aaaugh! my absentee ballot came a day too late, and housing is filling up already! at least it's still warm "
is it ironic that i had themes from mozart's requiem in my head while i was writing a paper on an <propmale> <propmale> poe story?
"is tired of reading about a literary theory that smells of relativism and is wondering how she's going to present it without throwing in some philisophical objections  is there a literary theory that reflects kantian constructivism or something? okay, i'm going to eat dinner now   "
"misses red dirt and mountains that you can actually see at any time of day, not just when the sun is behind them or directly across from them "
"is all registered for next semester  i'm finally taking a <propmale> class! i don't know why, but i've always wanted to learn <propmale>, and now's my <propmale>  i'm also going to be in the symphony  yay!"
"just\wrote a paper in two hours! maybe i really do work better early in the\morning  now that's out of the way, and all four tests are done  housing and registration are all taken care of  today\is friday  today is going to be a good day    once i take a nap "
"is homesick and snow college-sick all at the same time  on the up side, we're starting the unit on political philosophy  that'll be interesting "
just wrote a political philosophy paper  i think that's the most fun i've ever had writing a paper 
"it's been nice being home with my family and out of school for a few days, but i've been doing homework almost the whole time    fun, fun!"
uh-oh  the heater doesn't seem to be working  [shiver] at least the internet is   
"just discovered that she's related to erastus snow, the one who co-founded snow college and named hurricane hill  how come i didn't know that before i graduated??"
"okay,\i think i've been doing family history stuff for too long today  i\followed the snow lines, which led to ancient kings of scotland,\britain, wessex, etc  then i found into cool old english names like\freawine and beorn  then i got to    odin, who was apparantly born\around 215 ad  mrs  odin was born around 223  the line goes on from there until 80 ad    it was on the  family search  i promise!"
finally found the name of and got to hear for the first time in years a piece i'd heard a thousand times as a kid 
"so, in devotional today, pres  <propmale> asked the girls not to wear heels to devotional if possible so they wouldn't slip on the ice  then he said to the guys that if they happened to see a girl in heels, they should offer her their arm  i'm pretty sure all the girls are going to wear heels now  haha "
wishes the sun would come out more than once a week  i never thought i'd say that 
"thinks it's funny when teachers tell us to get enough sleep  really? it's finals week! well, four tests down, three to go "
last day of philosophy class  monday was the last day of humanities  sad 
"is done with english! hahaha! actually, i think it's the best english class i ever had "
is done for the semester  hahaha! (that's not the reason for the smiley face -- but it works )
"ah    red dirt, mountains, and rain (instead of snow and ice) "
got a 3 76 with an a- in philosophy  whew! better than e playful ected 
<propfemale> christmas!
"walked out the door today and couldn't figure out what i was forgetting  purse? check  keys and phone? check  a coat! no, i didn't need a coat  it feels weird not having to wear a coat, but i'm not complaining!"
"just saw the voyage of the <propfemale> treader  the film score composer stole some of my ideas, but oh well  it was an awesome show  lots of symbolism "
is pretty much all moved in  yay! now to get to those new year's resolutions   
watched a last hogan's heroes episode before starting the new semester 
"i'm trying to shape my mouth around these <propmale> vowels  i didn't realize how many different shapes your mouth and tongue could make  i think i can relate to <propfemale> higgins in my fair lady  \well, after the first day of class, i think i'm going to enjoy this semester "
"went swing dancing tonight  i didn't know what i was doing most of the time, but i learned something  now i can sort of dance to <propfirst> miller and stuff "
"dear humanities book, <propfirst> purcell was a baroque composer, not a renaissance composer  get it right! gosh!"
had an exciting time at the <propmale> activity  we went swimming at an indoor pool heated by hot springs in the middle of nowhere  then we drove home in a blizzard with some sort-of epic classical music playing on the radio  (i've always wanted a soundtrack to my life )
had a doctor who marathon with <propfirst>  it was epic 
is quite impressed with her humanities book  it actually said that socialism doesn't work  you don't ordinarily e playful ect such things from text books 
"my parents were mean to me when i was a kid  they made me do chores, go to church & school  they gave me a curfew, suggested i get a job and work for the things that i wanted  they insisted that i do my best at school, at my job, and take pride in my work  i grew up with morals, a good work ethic and respect for the law, and my elders  i thank god everyday for my parents  copy and paste if you had mean parents too "
you know it's cold when your nose starts to freeze on the inside -- and on the outside -- and when the ice squeaks under your feet 
"so, i went to a student composer society meeting this evening  sonata allegro form was compared to the plan of salvation  e playful osition = pre-existence  development = mortality  recapitulation = going home  only at byu-i "
"general bulkarter to col  klink: \would you rather have the responsibility fall on your head or     [sinister pause]    snowflakes?\"""""
"dang it!  annoyed  or in the words of <propfirst> gamgee, \noodles!\"""""
writers' workshop and composer society every week? i can live with that 
going on a road trip tomorrow  yay!
"in rexburg, the elements are reduced to snow, wind, and ice "
hooray for oranges and spicy stuff 
"made some progress tonight  i made it to 40 single-spaced <propfemale>s and 25,000 words -- at the same time  (yes, there were exactly 25,000 words at the end of <propfemale> 40 ) this is my second time making it that far  i'll make it a goal to finish this time  ha! good night "
"question: does anybody in rexburg have recording equipment? i'm applying to play in the shakespeare festival this summer, and i need a sample tape or cd "
thinks the snow should just keep melting and not come back this year 
"did research on the causes of wwi for a couple of hours for the weekly mini paper for humanities  now, i'm having dinner, which involves garlic "
"ok  i'll join my nerdy brothers in wishing you a happy 3 14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097494459\23078164062862089986280348253421170679    day!"
es ist sehr windig 
"this is the first st  <propfirst>'s day i've known for sure that i have <propfemale> ancestry  they were around over a thousand years ago, but hey! they were royalty "
"ha ha! i quelled the rebellion of the font folders! oh    after many frustrations, i figured out how to get my fonts to work on linux  i literally had to tell the folders that i own them before i could move my fonts into them "
it's funny how much you learn about the grammar of your native language when you're trying to learn another language 
it must be spring  we're hitting the balmy 40s    and there are bugs 
