096079a9c0ddd2bdff219e4983567ac1
is thanking y'all kindly for the birthday wishes 
is out of town for the week 
"happy birthday, <propfemale>!  hurr, see what i did there?"
technology: 6 erica: 2
"technology: 7 erica: 2   so much for my pride and supposed ingenuity   time to do something borderline illegal, if necessary "
"alright, how do i change my contact e-mail address?  this thing will only let me send confirmation letters, which are boring "
has again been attacked by bugs 
"is eating bourbon street sundae out of the carton and playing \dead rising\"" on the wii machine   la vie est bonne """
"has just learned there is a he-man episode titled \the shaping staff \"""""
"has just realized that the woman who plays <propfemale> hodes on \weeds\"" was <propfemale> flintstone in the live-action film """
is plannin' this trip   like a boss 
is down south 
"the hell?  \the collector\"" isn't playing anymore?"""
"stop depressing the hell out of me, wspa "
cannot stop adding to her list of pet peeves 
has a cold   boo 
thinks it's hilarious that two geckos are fighting on her window 
"seriously, yahoo!, what in the hell is so surprising about the duggers having a nineteenth child?"
"was, is and always will be right about west "
wants to know why everyone in the library is standing in her corner talk talk talking about how unmotivated they are and being annoying as all get-out while she's trying to work  bloody unprofessional 
the leaf has been turned 
is hoping her perpetual difficulty to concentrate will be done after next week 
thinks applebee's really needs to get some other people to answer to phone  i can hardly understand what they say - i think one woman was speaking spanish when she picked up the phone  i also didn't understand why i needed to repeat my last name three times and then proceed to spell it another three times 
selective memory is selective 
"has decided that she doesn't like tax lawyers, or at least the people who use them "
is going to need her neighbors to get better taste in music  and cars 
seems to have lost control of her bottom lip  and a few throat muscles 
sure has some ghetto-ass neighbors 
"some chick with badly dyed hair just walked by my apartment screaming, \you fucking left me!\"" i wasn't aware i was in the hood """
wants to give a shout-out to all the juggalos and juggalettes! whoop whoop!
"is either losing her mind, or the apartment is vibrating  constantly "
apparently it's pet week in <propfemale>  i miss my little boo-boo head 
is offering an imaginary $5 to the person who can tell her what bieber is in <propmale> 
is done with finals 
"thanks for the birthday wishes, y'all!"
"oh my gee willikers, twilight!"
"every time i see <propfirst> clooney, all i see is old "
is coming to kansas on friday 
is feeling a touch of the schadenfreude 
hot hot hot 
"\we're collecting lingerie for needy sexy people \"""""
"\they're a nice little family; they're just filthy \"""""
wants to stop sneezing every ten minutes 
"facebook, what is that?"
this kansas place is too cold for me 
why does technology have to be so cantankerous around me?
"my school's new symplicity website has a practice area listing called \dentist stuff \"" what?"""
cell phones have led to the degradation of our society   at least in theaters 
is disappointed in usps 
