4096e1c7b1d80e81dae51612cce2e0c6
says sometimes the only person you really need is the one you didn't think you wanted 
is slightly disturbed  
wants to go to the all souls festival agaiiin!!!! :< moooomm    laugh 
had fun at the festival   smile  hope i get the <propmale> to get to know everyone even more!
---i just realized that i posted the link on my wall oops i'm still no0b at this   laugh d
feels bad cuz' she was gunna wash the dishes   sad  sowwy mommy 
spent the day with dad it was nice 
is doing her homework yaaay  [ sarcastic]
---this has to be a good day   laugh 
"had a mind numbing headache throughout the day  guhh,ouch "
i'm very proud of my short story for english   laugh 
has to clean her room  oh goodness  someone wanna come over and help me out of this room  i can't find the floor  
gaea salazar happy birffday gaea!  laugh  hope you have an awesome franny-blessed birthday!  playful 
"spent most of her day cleaning and her room is nice and tidy  she deserves a very nice, warm, long nap "
---make me believe by tupelo <propfemale>   smile 
comment on my story on my notes please!  playful 
--i don't wanna finish my story  laaaaazy  x x
"is finally going to karate tonight after a week of procrastination   playful  now, is that a good idea?"
is stuck with a buttload of homework  sigh  greaaat 
ew  my cough's getting worse  ouchie 
"has to not only finish her short story for gooch, but memorize her script for drama as well  oh joy "
is done with that freaking story!  laugh  but i'm not even close to memorizing my lines  
had a wonderful time on halloween night! it was awesome even if we only got a 'decent' amount of <propfemale>   laugh 
is in a writing mood  
is a smooth criminal!  laugh 
is finally going to karate after a week of procrastination and homework  oh goodness   o o
wanted to go to fresh choice with the cross country team but i know my mom wouldn't like the last minute plan  oh  and i'm broke   playful 
"says, \south city's gunna win the <propfemale> game!!! hell yeah!!\""  laugh  go south city """
"-- sooo, our jv lost   by a lot   oh goodness we'll prolly lose the <propfemale> next year   drat  but our varsity pwned!! woot   laugh "
"'s phone broke  oh goodness, my soooul!!! just kidding  but really, it's broken  sigh "
is going to be up late tonight doing homework   :<
is incredibly sleepy  guhh 
cracked her back  and it felt good   laugh 
--i love you mom  now please take off that picture  - -#
---wooooot!!!who's gunna watch new mooon!?!??! i'm not  screw you   smile  (jkjk  kinda )
--omg  i dunno why i said that   laugh  someone save me from these pits of boredom!  annoyed 
"--don't go wasting your emotion, lay all your love on me  don't go sharing your devotion, lay all your love on me  (new favorite song? i think so   laugh )"
-- i hast wearing deh dresss~!~!?~?!?~  playful 
-- it sucks when you dress nicely but then you get there and everyone's pretty much just dressed in jeans  - -
"has often dreamed of a far off place, where a hero's welcome would be waiting for her    smile "
"--things to accomplish tonight: finish chapter 45 of great e playful ectations, study science of biology notes, do math review homework, not die of boredom and sleep deprivation   laugh  this is going to be a loooong night  "
"--things to accomplish tonight: finish as far as i can on great e playful ectations because i forgot what chapter i have to read up to  and the worksheet  yay, almost done "
"--things to do this weekend: finish math prac  test, finish great e playful ectations, re-do literature packet ('cuz i lost it  - -), study literature review sheet, study biology chapters, finish as much of the biology review sheet as possible, oh, and don't forget your lines for the drama finals play  oh goodness   and one more thing, good luck on the finals everyone!!!  laugh  i know i'm gunna need it   > >"
is writing a book  hopefully 
says don't phunk with her heart!~  laugh 
sniffles   laugh 
"---ce n'est pas <propfemale> adieu, mais simplement     la fin   this is not goodbye but simply   the end "
feels it isn't even christmas   annoyed 
"is still in la and it's surprisingly cold  having fun with <propfemale> but still wishin' to be home with all my presen-, i mean, cousins   laugh "
"has a laptop that i named lappy! thank you \santa\""   smile """
"---today, i was in a church i don't usually attend  the song we were about to sing was one commonly <propfirst> in childrens' classes, so the preacher said the children in the pews should really give it their all  the little boy behind me interpreted this to mean he should shout the verses rather than sing them, then growl the chorus like a dinosaur  i hope jesus enjoyed that as much as i did  mlia "
"---today, i applied a push button to reboot universe sticker to a crosswalk button  then i spent an inordinate amount of time observing people hesitate before they pushed the button  an afternoon well spent  mlia omg  i want that sticker  "
"--ooh, whatcha say? haha "
's pinky glows in the dark   laugh 
-- words shatter my mind like how lightning strikes the city sky 
says that the road to hell is paved with good intentions  
"\the gods and saints preserve you because no one here deserves you \"" - to you by i am kloot"""
hates butterfly  my quads are burning   :'<
got second in backstroke (darn you <propfemale> blakeslee) and second (or third  ) in breaststroke 
likes to sing   playful 
felt so bad while watching blind side! :'o
eh 
is   oh no! addicted to petforest!? d:;;
stupid isearch project   and health test   and science test   i'm tired  -goes to bed-
doesn't get ready nearly fast enough  ugh 
thinks the hurricane simulator at tanforan was a waste of my two dollars 
was one kick away from first place in backstroke   heart-broken  still got about 40-43 seconds though   smile 
is sick  :<
"wakes up in the morning feeling like p-diddy  got her glasses, out the door, we're gunna hit this city   smile "
"hates you, bipolar weather   _ "
\whatever makes you happy, whatever you want  you're so fckin' special \4096e1c7b1d80e81dae51612cce2e0c6,http annoyed  www formspring me franniland
oooh whomever rapid fired on me on formspring is gunna get it   _  that hurt my fingers   laugh 
tired  
"says, \here comes the next contestant \"" > smile """
didn't talk to jessipoo all daaay  :<
doesn't know why but is wide awake at five in the morning   _  i hope mum is having fun in l a  without me  d:<
just met her (step) younger brother   smile  i'm excited to get to know hiiim!~  love 
mum was looking at my facebook  she just became my facebook stalker   playful 
"haha, i thank everyone who wished me a happy birffday   smile "
i've figured out how to get on fb via xbox  cooool   _  i guess 
congratulations on your wedding mum   love   smile 
it's gunna be irene's birffday soooooooon  someone buy her ballons   smile 
i'm watching avatar  ya know  the last air bender? only i'm watching the good one  the actual series  it's pretty funny   smile 
blah 
medusa was cool   _  i has headache still though 
"i'm totally stealing this from louisse, buuuuuut  describe me in one word?  smile "
jdate is the bomb   playful 
"i ate a sandwich right after i woke up  my tummy now hurts   _  yes, i just woke up  just now   playful "
baby there's a shark in the water   <propfemale>  
i love how everyone posted about the earthquake within the first five minutes 
j a c  will change your life   smile 
"believe it or not, but the one thing a teenager really wants, is their parents' trust  amirite teenagers?"
can't sleep   new books   need to read   (x_x)
"   my eye is swollen   okay kiddies, it's time to start sleeping again!"
"hey! if you write your password, it comes out as asteriks! *******!"
essay   can't   sleep   due   tomorrow   x x
can't make jac in october because of psats   crying 
knows that <propmale> will try to take revenge so any status after this is her  not me   love 
i'm tired 
i played a tournament on bbs for thirty minutes  tried more than five times straight  i beat it  then the psp died  fml   _ 
i'm riku and maylee is sora   laugh 
christian facultad and maylee <propfemale> leelin tan stop poking me  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- 
happy thanksgiving ya freaks   smile 
why is it that no one has knd as their picture? d: how can you not love such a wonderful series!?  heart-broken 
"why do people insist upon sitting around, finding a random person whom they have no relationship to whatsoever on facebook, and trying to add them? i mean really  i'm not going to accept your invite  so stop  -____-"
i hate minecraft   _ 
peeeecturhhhhes 
i'm a loser!
\i can say it but you won't you believe me\,4096e1c7b1d80e81dae51612cce2e0c6,if writers wrote as some people talk then ardgf gwersh uq jgiuhjefdv qojf 
sonnets  suck 
