e56015a5c1a33cc7a99708881d2194a9
is finally home   thank god
sooo bored     
sigh    
has some weird ass tanlines
finally has her costa rica pics up
is ungrounded!!! now lets see how many days it takes to get grounded again   or hours
"thinks that people are so stupid when it comes to bad weather  \hi i'm just wondering why the sirens are on  ?\"" \""hi i'm by manvel and its raining \"" \""do you know if the fair is still going on?\"" i mean really? shut up """
got <propfirst> to by an asian man while he held my hand   very scary e playful erience
doesn't know what to think
is grounded again   surprise surprise huh?
seriously hates him    so much 
so much for those summer nights
picked out her senior pictures today  smile 
i get to go to the lake  smile 
bored out of her mind  i can totally see why my parents didnt let me do anything tonight    not 
is thinking wtf???
"desperately wants to go to green day, but can't      sad "
one after another    i'll just throw this one in the fire like all the others 
is freezing after playing softball in the rain! or trying to anyway    
home from hp
oh those crazy nights
kind of wants to stay in gf for once    
"is missing out because apparently \it's late at 10 smile 0\"""""
is bored with her ipod    any good bands out there?
is finally home!
wishes she hadnt got her memory card stuck in a laptop      
"everyone should comment on <propfemale> pearson's <propfemale> and say \feh\""  anywhere is fine and as many times as you want! please and thank you  smile """
is frusterated!!!
finally uploaded her new orleans pics    check em out!!
is excited for vbs!!!  smile 
a flower can't make up for the wrongs you commit
shut up! everyone just shut up!
uck a puck a luk a la
lost my phone  fuck me 
found her phone!!! phew  smile 
another night of disappointment  sad 
is done with this shit 
you know things are bad when your mother has a more technologically advanced phone than you do     
needs to stop going to bed at 2am   
urghhhhhhhhhh
gotta love those inappropriate comments     
wishes     
hmmm   
is pumped for friday
plans to be a good girl this weekend   or not
the calm before the storm      wink 
took a 5 hour nap today and now feels like crap!
's house has sex windows    
left her facebook up for 4 days while she was gone    whoops!
cant wait until february!
is so bored  wow
thinks its weird that her dad jokes about her going on a date with his 40 year old friend   shouldn't it be the opposite  ?
got accepted to her first college today!  smile 
apparently everything is my fault now   
"thinks its a good time for some changes to be made, and likes some of the ones shes made already    "
went to the twin's game and got her husband <propfirst> maur's face on a stick  hot 
forgot how physically tiring school was    ugh
come on guys lets call the swine flu by its politically correct name: h1n1
didn't realize how hard that'd be!  annoyed 
"mr  carney: \i won't believe <propfemale> spears is actually here until she staggers on stage \"""""
is wondering how she is going to fit everything in this weekend      
you're a jerk kanye   seriously grow up 
meh 
i! broke! my! phone! f! m! l! and i hate going to verizon wireless     ) sad 
likes having to go to school for only 3 days this week  smile 
no!!! the real world cancun is done with!!!  sad 
was pleasantly surprised!
"just got denied taking a quiz because it contained alcoholic content and my \demographic\"" something or other said i couldn't see it    really facebook????"""
good old cushman classic   
needs to get a better handle on things 
gah farmville!! you have officially ensnared me    
<propfirst> favre rocks my socks 
is tired   but is pumped for tomorrow!!
needs a break from all this 
"dear farmville, please get better soon, my crops are wilting   thanks, <propfemale> "
damn    i just lost the game!
has nothing remotely interesting to put as her status   
"is staring out her window as the entire gopher hockey team is getting out of their bus, walking across her front lawn, and walking to her neighbors  man i love living by the potulneys!!"
is scared shitless right now 
enjoys the ingenious chants shouted by und fans at hockey games
argentina=suck 
"just spent the past week and a half saving up to e playful and her farmville to plantation size, only to be told that i had to e playful and it to the big family farm size  now i don't have enough money   screw you farmville "
"today, i ceased to doubt the stories of people in costumes on college campuses when a guy dressed as <propmale> potter ran past me as i was sitting outside  he was followed about a minute later by a guy dressed as snape who ran up to me and said \did you see which way <propmale> went? he owes me a detention!\"" i pointed him in the wrong direction  you're welcome <propmale>  mlia"""
"today was my schools homecoming pep rally  at the end, the marching band and the football team went against each other in tug-of-war  the marching band won  mlia"
"today, in my ap english lit class we were going around the room talking about what is our greatest fear  it was <propfemale> day and it went to this popular jock guy said \i fear the apocolypse \"" right when he finished the power went out and he screamed the most high pitched girl scream anyone in the class ever heard  best timing ever? i do believe so  mlia"""
"today, i saw a member of the marching band beat up a guy on the football team  i've never been more proud to be a member of the marching band  mlia"
this mt  dew tastes so good!
fleh
acres of terror: $20   meal at <propfemale> garden: $15   screaming your ass off while running from a chainsaw wielding masked man: priceless 
es muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuy consada               
's elbow hurts  again      
just rotated her cat and it disappeared    screw you farmville 
"there's a demon inside of me, can i kill it? hell no "
had some rem rebounding going on today   
feh  fleh  fah  feg  mleh 
"my mind is set on overdrive, the clock is laughing in my face "
just got done playing <propfirst> cart and pokemon snap on her nintendo 64   yeah i know    you're jealous 
wishes grand forks wasnt so fricken boring 
's neighborhood isn't as safe as she thought it was   
is amused 
is very glad to have edc over with!
"doesnt really appreciate this whole \grounding\"" thing """
is going crazy 
 love  cynicism  love 
that went      well   ??
<propfemale> <propfemale> boom boom 
is counting down the days               
these armani commercials are freaking me out  i didnt know soft core porn was allowed on tv    
<propfirst> lambert 
needs to get off facebook    doing nothing all day has left her a tiiiish delarious      a;lskdjf;alksdjf;oiawejoimn[p89q324uwer[09pi9[oiaewfm'klsvdmj
does not want to go out of town tomorrow     sad 
finally made it! <propfemale> condon
absolutley hates being sick  why must i always get sick just in time for christmas every year?
"dear weatherman, please make it stop snowing asap! thanks!"
"apparently lack of sleep makes me cynical, who knew? so have fun reading my updated profile when you're bored and supposed to be doing homework     "
screw auditions              
enjoys scaring people via facebook  if you've read the infamous wall to wall well     you'll know  <propfemale> mlikota
is thinking this class is really pointless
ughhhhhhhhhhhhh
daytime tv now consists of jersey shore marathons    really??????????
is apparently crazy 
feels played   apparently weightlifting=cardio??? wtf b!
doesnt appreciate how certain people that dont ever blink and shave their arms force me to do squats and make other people stare at my butt  <propfemale> koopman <propfirst> young
's group that she made has now reached 203 members!! turns out everyone loves mr  poissant!! feel free to join if you agree  smile 
my god does <propfirst> swift suck at singing live!
loves when her friends call her and all they do is laugh hysterically! <propfemale> pearson
is feeling the love 
needs to start getting serious and stop messing around     april 10th is coming up fast!
is hoping things work out for once   
lady gaga is my fb!!! linnéa june <propfemale> <propmale> <propfirst> pribula
"is very, very    i don't even know  there's really no word in the english language to describe it! <propfirst> pribula"
went to pbr today    my life will never be the same again      
just got added by my aunt on facebook    and feels strangely violated    there should be an age limit on facebook!
's parents are coming home tonight      meh 
"needs a new ipod, ihome, and straightener    good thing it was just my birthday and i found that paycheck!"
got a new first baseman's glove and is veeeery excited about it!!
<propfemale> in wonderland=acid trip!
a;lskdfj;ailem;alivjwom;q23wrenk;svd kl;2j8iosvdnkl;xvdmklmkl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mucinex is a magic pill!
iiestoy consada      anoche fue <propfemale> noche larga y yo aun no ha dormir en absoluto!!
"is not too excited about this whole \prom\"" thing   """
"forgive me father, for i have said \fhe\""!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale> mlikota"""
"is getting a little nervous by all these \i got my prom dress  playful !!!!!\"" statuses      maybe she should go get hers soon too??"""
what is it about rain that makes everyone sad?
soooo close    yet so far away  sigh     
lady gaga   st  <propfirst>   august 30th  linnéa june <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> rathbone <propfirst> pribula
"don't be scared, i've done this before  show me your teeth  linnéa june <propfemale> <propmale> <propfirst> pribula"
is finally going prom dress shopping    i hope it doesn't take all day   
despises shopping   good god 
all-city=a joke 
"somehow, a briefer history of time isn't brief enough  thanks a lot one man wolf pack         "
my mom needs to stop cooking such good food! ugh i'm not going to be able to fit into my prom dress    
let's go twins!!
has gotten 5 graduation party invitations today    it's that time of year!
is raring to go!
<propmale> cook  love 
ooooh movie nights     
feels like she's in one of those movies where she just stands there and everyone whizzes by       
inside the park home run? let's go mlb!
feels like her life is a giant game of the sims     !
does anyone else find <propfirst> from keeping up with the kardashians fricken hilarious when he's drunk???
reeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
likes screaming and making gutteral noises   anyone else with me?
prom was only like a billion times better than last year!
doesn't know if she can play softball in such nice weather!
"who the hell wrote \hostel\"" and what the hell was wrong with them?!"""
high school is an epic waste of time and life minutes 
barely slept all weekend     
wants a ride in the riemers for sheriff <propfirst>!!!!!!!
"\i wonder what would happen if you gave your baby acid   ?\""\",e56015a5c1a33cc7a99708881d2194a9,blep 
"is so thankful for her friends, family, and that certain someone  smile "
oh state    
is a pimp  where my bitches at?!
state championship!!! bring it west fargo!
"happy i got 2nd place at state, but will miss all those girls who played such a big part in my life!! love you softball players!"
gettin the wisdom teeth out today  good times    
is craving all the foods she can't eat    
wants to fast forward about two or three days    
has had a shit week    and is scared to see where it goes from here 
my little cousin has officially been traumatized by the japanese    
is escaping from orientation at ndsu by hiding in the library and using an ipad to go on facebook
"is 18, graduated from high school, and still has a midnight curfew and can be grounded   ? okay   "
ughh so fricken bored      yay summer 2010
the longest day of the year and i was grounded    what a waste    
is a little scared because her roommate doesn't have facebook     
i feel like my life is stuck on repeat   
being nocturnal is so lonely    i need a nocturnal friend to keep me company at night!
"all these asphyxiated self-medicated, take the white pill you'll feel alright   "
i hate you campus connection   
just got a new macbook pro and a 64 gb ipod touch!  very good day!  smile 
i need more sand in my hourglass of time    
the magical mystery tour is dying to take you away!
listening to oobu joobu makes me laugh     oh <propfirst> mccartney  
well at least i can't say that my life is boring   
just got done watching <propfirst> and <propfemale>  mind blown 
sigh               
ugh what a fricken waste of summer 
"has that crappy \i just took a four hour nap\"" feeling    """
is dating <propfirst> bye  wink 
"soooo boring    please, someone call st  marks! then i can feel like i accomplished something all day      "
is addicted to weeds 
everything is dust in the wind 
i  love  vinny 
bouncy ball= 8 month anniversary 
is worrying about the future   as usual   
's previous status has disappeared from facebook  where did it go? what does this mean? i must have traveled in time    
just watched <propfirst> darko   amazing movie!
moves a week from tomorrow  crazy   
is happy with how things are panning out for next weekend!!
just got done spending almost 500 dollars on text books    hitting the purchase button was painful 
target is my own personal hell 
is now a college student? okay    
thinks she may have an ear infection    
's first day of college was pointless 
"according to my university studies professor, it's all good in the hood "
gets a dorm room to herself!!!!
is hungry  but doesn't want to deal with the union right now 
got a free icee and rosary from the catholics outside the union   later i saw them having an impromptu dance party at the bus stop   hmm   maybe i should convert 
"just video chatted with <propfemale> mlikota during university studies   yes, that class is that much of a joke "
hypnotists are amazing!
i just lost the game 
made wind symphony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sigh    this weekend went too fast   
wishes she could go to the lady gaga concert today     sad 
didn't realize how intense college lessons would be    
is listening to the london symphony orchestra's version of another brick in the wall by pink <propmale>   so amazing!
just did some laundry!  i'm so grown up!
just got another email from lolcats!!!!!!!!!!! <propfirst> smith
ughhh university studies = 2 hours of homework     and not done yet!
this poster sale is going to be the death of me!!! ugh so many awesome things!
mailbox=netflix=the wall=excitement 
opoc is slowly seeping into ndsu    one minion at a time     muahahaha!!!!! linnéa <propmale> <propfirst> pribula <propmale> dusek <propfemale> ruud <propmale> sun
hates hates hates this class 
why does bergum smell like potatoes?
"newspaper taxis appear on the shore, waiting to take you away  climb in the back with your head in the clouds, and you're gone "
"this weekend went by way too fast     sad  well, back to eating, sleeping, and studying   "
"why is it that every time i try to do homework and listen to music at the same time, i can't do it?  oh yeah, cuz pink <propmale> is amazing!"
sickkkk  sad 
"has been in the union doing homework for oh, about 4 hours  good times    "
"so apparently my little cousin <propfirst> saw 2 guys with their pants belted below their waist, and he yells to them \hey hey! you are losing your pants!!\""  oh the joy of youth   """
already missing class is not a good way to start off the semester   at least i have a doctors note 
taking a two and a half hour nap was not such a good idea   i guess i'll just have to walk all the way across campus to eat now   sigh 
is sitting in the midst of a freak fest 
project due tomorrow  sad  better start on that    
i wonder if the people living next to me can hear my burps    ?
ahhh gf i missed you!!  smile 
sigh   
is the goddess of procrastination!
impromptu 11 o'clock walmart runs to get hair dye? i think so 
is glad she has brahms for days like this   
is liking what she sees!  smile 
hates blackberries sometimes 
is beginning to understand the language of a clockwork orange     
puritans got one thing right--children are inherently evil 
finally got my ipod hooked up to ndsu's internet  satisfying 
two tests tomorrow   life may be ruined 
"i wish that the library was open later   also, i wish that i had an ounce of self control when it comes to facebook   do they have rehabs for this?"
"one test down, one to go  now to find my phone charger      mleh "
wants to go to 3oh!3!!!
koo koo <propfemale> choo!
oh the college e playful erience    <propfemale> schneider
two test scores back: b in family sciences and a in microcomputer packaging   one to go!
is disappointed that the <propmale> potter saga would fall into the whole 3d movie craze    very disappointed 
"ahhh obbu joobu makes my long, boring days full of joy "
trainwreck!!
87 90 on political science test   what up 
thursday! <propfirst> smith
god will this hellish week ever fricken end?
is this really happening?
"the columbian exchange: tobacco, various food items, and syphilis "
time speeds by too fast   back to the grind tomorrow 
sigh   
maybe  for once  everything is coming together? hmm   
"two and a half pages done of my rhetorical analysis    two and a half more to go  dear bullshit god, please help me now "
i like it in the closet 
omfg myspace discovery
sigh another exciting day of college     
urrrghhh 
"hello, my name is <propfemale> buchmann and i'm addicted to facebook "
hates this   
they don't care what goes on around  in their eyes there's something lacking  what they need's a damn good whacking 
"is glad that university studies is done   one credit down, 17 to go "
has an escape plan  <propfirst> smith
apparently playing for the rider softball team for 5 effing years doesn't mean that your name is spelled right or that you have the right uniform number in the yearbook   <add e playful letives and insults here>
don't tweet about wheat thins    or they'll find you 
feels empty   
i just lost the game thanks to the mystery person who wrote it in chalk on the sidewalk 
is it next week yet?
"every degree that it gets colder, my soul turns a little more black "
"dear <propmale> folds, \stop drunk tweeting  it's seriously annoying, and you've become a twitter whore   take it down a notch \sincerely, mackenzie\ps you're still amazing!"
"does being excited for sight reading new music in band make me a 'band geek' per se?  eh what ever, i accept this role "
"well, i guess it wasn't my lucky night in the casino   "
seeing snow in the forecast for wednesday makes me die a bit inside    
i hate the week 
"i think i'm getting carpal tunnel in my wrist   ah, the nightmare of a piano player "
today i got blown off the sidewalk by a huge gust of wind into a puddle     twice 
"why does it always seem like when things are bad, things just keep piling up? i hate life   "
i'm starting to think that helping people overcome their addictions would be a very satisfying career path for me    hmmm   
loves halloween!
the present is just one big countdown to the future 
"dear bergum bitches: stop being little immature girls who have to run around, scream, and brag about drinking  no one cares and you sound absolutely stupid   ps  thanks for turning the heat on the dryer and shrinking my clothes "
"lay down all thought, surrender to the void "
i'm looking for a pianist to accompany me for my juries!!! they would need to be free november 24th and an undetermined date mid december  let me know if you or you know anyone who might be able to!
can't wait for this stupid year to be over and life to start again 
every time i eat the food at ndsu i feel like i'm contracting stomach cancer 
"oh sreerupa, why do you have to make life so difficult?"
"i just walked into forever 21, aka heaven  this place is enormous!!!"
having no school on a thursday is absolutely pointless 
could this week go by any slower?
i love being on hold forever!  come on asu    
i love having insomnia when i have an 8 am class the next day   
"last night i did not sleep, and i now feel no tiredness whatsoever   can't wait for the crash    "
ahh there's no better feeling than <propfemale>  sucks to suck 
beginning to have a mental breakdown about juries                
thank god for a short week and cancelled classes
so   much   snow   
so i have my classes picked out and in my shopping cart   of course ndsu has me be in the last group to enroll   now the wait till midnight to see if i actually get into any of them  no pressure 
insomnia is so boring when you have no one to talk to   
"wait listed for two classes, ap test scores didn't show up on campus connection so unable to sign up for psych 216, and my lab interferes with wind symphony  bravo, ndsu "
is sitting in class with two other people   why am i such a good student?
i need to stop going to the casino     
"transitioned from a sgt  pepper phase to rubber soul  how? i do not know, but i kind of dig it "
ughhhh christmas shopping can suck it 
rawr  excited to go home tomorrow to see <propfirst> pribula!!!
good god snooki has a book??  what is the world coming to?
opoc opoc opoc opoc opoc
sufjan stevenssssss
"you know those times when a song comes up that you've listened to a hundred times, and you listen to it again and all of a sudden it reminds you of someone?"
one year!  oh how time flies    i love you <propfirst> pribula!
am i the only one that gets super stressed out watching zombieland??? holy crap!  the zombie apocalypse is going to happen!! be prepared!
i love when my facebook gets hacked by random applications    ! how do i make it stop?!
so i thought the music video for fireworks was actually going to be meaningful when i saw the cancer patient   until the fireworks starting shooting out of <propfemale> <propfirst>'s boobs 
national geographic: moment of death=amazing documentary 
"and if the cloud bursts thunder in your ear, you shout and no one seems to hear  and if the band you're in starts playing different tunes, i'll see you on the dark side of the <propfemale> "
thinks dead week should die a little faster 
"now that the concert is done, all i need to worry about is two big projects in english due tomorrow, and my five finals  efffff "
is it seriously only wednesday???
just discovered dead like me   pretty good dark humor 
"so i just updated to the new facebook    i kinda dig it   once you get used to it, you realize how efficient and well layed out it really is "
who do i have to kill to get into math 103?
i am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together 
"2 down, 3 to go  rawr "
"just kicked poli sci's butt   now, the scales will kick mine "
now i have to sit around and wait for my friday final   good scheduling ndsu   you never cease to amaze me 
"today was the most boring day ever, and i have another day full of nothing tomorrow "
"so dilemma   take math 103 and leave my psych class 15 minutes early once a week, or take math 105 and have class at 8 am mwthf?"
139 145 on my poli sci final!!!! what up?
"got all as and bs this semester!  hmm, maybe college isn't as hard as i thought?  yet    "
happy festivus to all   i hope you got your metal poles 
snooki  love 
insomnia    we meet again 
christmas break is now over  sad 
why do colleges try to screw you out of your money by any means possible??  don't they already have enough money?  i'm surprised ndsu doesn't charge us to go to the bathroom 
cheated the system at the ndsu bookstore! bahaha i'm so ba 
the beatles love cd--pure genius 
nothing like waking up to a biology lecture in the morning!
ugh why does everywhere i go have crappy internet?
"ahhh, a clean and organized room   smile "
the latest episode of jersey shore makes me want to meet snooki even more 
ugh  it's been one of those days   
just finished watching a clockwork orange  what a masterpiece 
amazing how much reading you can get done when you think you lost your computer charger 
you know you're from north <propfemale> when you think it's a nice day at 19 degrees 
where are you her?! please come back! <propfirst> pribula
of course i get insomnia before my first biology test   i need sleeping pills 
blame it all upon a rush of blood to the head 
it's way too cold to be walking around outside today   is it the weekend yet?
the weekend!!! i'm excited to hit up the casino with the family  smile 
at b dubs!
"i have officially made the switch from blackberry to droid, and i'm loving it "
"had a great birthday! thank you everyone for the birthday posts, i appreciate it!  smile "
just got hit on by a three and a half year old who had more game than most guys 
i think i'm going to buy the new lady gaga album just for the cover      
i hate not having cable and missing out on jersey shore  sad 
just had a nice dinner with my valentines for the day 
where's the fast forward button?
i need to get out of the habit of staying up till one or two every night    
ugh why do tests always seem to fall on the same day? i think professors plan this to make our lives suck more 
bio and human geography tests laugh one   stress=alleviated 
i have once again gotten sucked into grey's anatomy   i forgot how good it was!
just saw the new lady gaga born this way music video      wow 
sans roommate again    
ugh 
"kinda liking this whole having a room to myself thing   two closets, more drawers   just need to spice up the place a bit "
why hello there insomnia    we meet again 
why can't i worry about things during normal daytime hours?? sigh    
so so sooooo tired   
wind symphony concert tonight at 7 smile 0 in festival concert hall  everyone who's anyone will be there!
"don't be a drag, just be a <propfemale> "
"i remember watching the mascara tears flood the ivories and i thought, 'it's okay to be sad ' i've been trained to love my darkness \-lady gaga"
how many mgs of melatonin does it take to make <propfemale> fall asleep? next time i'm just going to take the whole bottle   
i love getting bitched at and lectured in front of a crowd for being in wind symphony     screw you 
too   many   tests    can't   go    on     
"math exam, psychology exam, concert, then going on tour  ah, what a relaxing way to spend spring break  i guess there really ain't no rest for the wicked "
gotta love watching the nasa channel at 1 am 
spring break=being stranded in new salem on a bus  crazy times!
tour update: still in new salem  stuck on a bus for 24 hours  heading to medora at 10 am 
"and so we finally leave new salem, leaving behind us new salem <propfemale> and the sounds of bag pipes  bismarck here we come!"
finally back in fargo after a very interesting tour     now time to head home!
you know spring break is ending when you start stressing about that bio test on monday     
ugh sick  ugh bio  ugh school      
come on iron and wine   sing me through the migraine 
stumbleupon com    you ever cease to entertain me 
so sick of insomnia 
thunder   snow?
another sleepless night? i think so   
why is it that there is literally a stack of unpaired socks in my drawer?? where do they all go?? this is a conspiracy       
why can't i be sick during the week   ?
"i caught a fleeting glimpse out of the corner of my eye  i turned to look but it was gone  i cannot put my finger on it now  the child is grown, the dream is gone  i have become comfortably numb "
longest week ever? i think so 
"gotta love lazy, good for nothing lab partners      "
rubber soulllll  love 
maybe if i turn the music up a bit louder i can drown out my thoughts 
good god biology   it's way too fricken early to be waking up and looking at these sort of photos    
"human geo test just got pushed back to monday    for once i'm thanking technology for failing to make our lives easier  also, thank you for allowing me to witness my professor having a break down and dropping f bombs left and right "
so tired    maybe my hour and a half biology review will wake me up! <insert sarcastic chuckle here>
just found stumbleupon app for droid   now i never have to pay attention to anything!
mmmm dubstep your bass beats are so dirty   i love it 
ahhh what a great weekend with the family! went by waaay too quickly though  sad 
just rediscovered a facebook group i made years ago   it has 226 members  such a win 
"it's the word, love  in the beginning i misunderstood, but now i've got it  the word is good "
her! has! come! out! of! hibernation! o! m! g! <propfirst> pribula
ugh i love when people aren't dedicated to anything 
kill me now 
<insert generic anti-snow anti-nd facebook status here>
just when i thought the internet wasn't going to be a little beyotch anymore     
oh okay  no that's fine car    you don't need to start or anything  just have the night off  i'll change my plans for you  don't worry about it 
"if today had a color, it would be gray "
ahh i forgot how good <propmale> potter was   thank you easter <propfemale>!  smile 
ahhh what a great way to end the year  nice job ndsu wind symphony!
had a good time watching my softball girls today   smile 
\if anyone ever writes a biography about my life," i would want her to take up at least three chapters \""\"e56015a5c1a33cc7a99708881d2194a9,and so it begins     
