0f6994dd406f02ea0816b7e9c04b7bbd
yay for a new year maybe it'll be better
wonders if it is lame that her main reading is juvenile fiction
yay for work and life! just yay!
wants you to recommend good books for her   she has a 15 hour plane flight in a couple of weeks!
"totally shouldn't work at a bookstore   it just makes her want to buy the books that she is busy \zoning\"" all day lol"""
"is getting married in 3 mos, tomorrow!  surprise )"
is getting married in 3 mos and is leaving the country in 4 days whoppie!
is in thailand and cannot wait to update pictures!
"jumped off a 40ft high metal pier, is finally over jet lag, might possibly have the swine flu, and has taken about 1800 pictures videos with 4 gigs and 5 days left in country  surprise )"
is back in the country   more updates and pictures to follow   after i sleep for like forever!  surprise )
is excited that you can buy a thai grill from grocerythai com  surprise ) !!! i'll get it for our reunion banana party!  surprise )
"is still getting over jet lag, has her first day back at work, still needs to upload pictures    but its all day hump day girl friend wednesday!"
is happy its all day non throwup thursday! and she has a honeymoon to the mexican mayan riviera  surprise )
had fun at alumni day at the snow flex   now she has to go be a grown up and go to work   
really misses her thailand team mates  surprise (
wants to fall into the sky
okay sure we could meet at your office! it'll be sad not fitting a ton of girls in your car  surprise ( what time do you want to meet?
thinks its sad how much food can cost for a wedding  surprise ( and she knows that she hasn't posted thai pics yet   but will hopefully soon  
"life is getting busy crazy, misses her team like crazy when she sees thai pictures and is marrying into such a sweet, beautiful, loud and crazy  italian family    and marrying the man of her dreams! she's just truly blessed by the lord of the universe  surprise )"
has a staff sticker   and can officially park nowhere! yay!  but she has already found two of her thailand team mates! yay!  surprise )
is finally officially done with her internship and is officially graduated  surprise ) now what? oh yeah! wedding! and maybe    thailand pictures? lol
"just uploaded 1,069 photos from her thailand trip! enjoy!  surprise ) i will tag you all later! sheesh!"
"is moving into her new apartment later today! she gets to wake up early to pack, yay!"
is going to unpack today! yey!
is getting married in 29 days! holy cow@!
"is 25 days and counting, got a rehersal dinner place, is almost done organizing the apartment, knows where she can take her dress inorder to get it done in time, just for the decorations and the flowers!"
20 days?!
2 weeks! anyone know a good place in lynchburg that does hair?
is creating an army of bowed wedding favors   making ribbon bows is tricky! 8 days and less than two hours till the big day!
seriously? they found a dead whale in my home county? random!
is really starting to feel overwhelmed by this whole final to do list thing    
is determined to be productive today!  surprise )
is officially not allowed to bounce around anymore as it will affect the hair  :-0
is in the <propfemale> airport waiting for the cancun flight with her husby! (yay for mini computers!!!)
"<propfemale> en mexico practicando espanol, e es muy triste  surprise ( pero ustedes necessitan *upload* mas photos de boda! por favor!"
finally uploaded honeymoon pics and puppy pics   soon to upload wedding pics!
received her new driver's license   seriously what's up with va now   but it says <propfirst> evans  surprise )
will always remember the 5th of november    
was organizing an old batch of xi thailand pictures today at the same place where she went and felt extremely nostalgic  surprise (
has rainboots finally! seriously? how many years in va? especially drenchburg did it take her???
cannot believe that eastover is this weekend   yay!  surprise )
is going to the midnight showing of new <propfemale>!
the film caught on fire   so i think we missed a few scenes   but yeah   i'm still team jacob   because he never left  surprise )
puppy pup is stressing me out    tearing open the bag of <propfemale> litter and covering the entire living room is not fun   one more thing to not put on the floor!
<propfirst> has officially invaded one of my laptops with linux
"had lots of fun with her hubby, angi whitworth and <propmale>  surprise )"
had fun with her chicago team tonight  surprise )
"my first adult snow day (where work is closed) means waking up at 8 am to help dig my husband's car out of the snow and finding out that he'll be living at <propfemale> the next two days until they plow our road (covered in 2 feet of snow) because his job is \emergency services\"" for all those dlp students not in lburg    i hope you're happy """
merrry christmas~!
completed her concealed <propfemale> class requirement with a 100%!  smile 
oh to be out of her reading slump! and the amazingness to be incapable of reading a second installment in a series   but oh how it hurts to not have it in my immediate clutches   or worse to have to wait 6 plus mos for the new book  i am going to figure out a way to get authors to send me their books   don't they want my critical review?
is thinking that the dog is driving her nuts~
i updated the blog with more christmas vacation adventures to follow  neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com
"found etsy, loved it, and blogged about it! neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com"
has her first syllabi for her first masters class! eeeee!  surprise ) (yes i'm a nerd w e) i'm 22 and going to get my master's for free so nrrrr!  surprise )
i am desperately stalking the mailbox  i want my concealed handgun permit and my diploma to arrive! meh!
my dog keeps eating my textbook!
is currently submerged in text book reading and giving people refunds at the bookstore    ummm i dont know when i'll see daylight 
has caught a cleaning bug   but really has no idea where to start  annoyed !
didn't have the best day at work today  annoyed 
still does not have her diploma   but appearantly <propfemale> has her records and she could order a reissue   lame? i'm calling registrar on monday to find out what is up 
"loves that her husband can drive a buick through an unplowed road, l33t skills my friend, l33t   wait   can you say that not refering to something in the computer realm? either way i'm proud  surprise )"
is afraid that all this snow means that she'll be trapped in her apt for the next however long   where she will probably not see her husband in those 3 days because he is <propfemale>'s essential services   annoyed 
the snow is falling and <propfirst> got to come home for the day  hopefully it won't be to bad tonight when he has to go back!
is getting new glasses gracias a <propfemale> 
actually got her diploma today! or at least the first one   appearantly they forgot that i double majored    
finally has her chp  surprise )
lost her keys in campus north    surprise (
"lost her keys last night, puppy ate her new glasses frames this morning, but has an amazing hubby who drove around town after being awake 12 + hours to get another car key made while she was at work  overall, she's pretty lucky  surprise )"
is reaaaaaaally itching to travel   
it is snowing   again   seriously?
is still looking for a church in the lburg  surprise ( she misses having a local home church 
enjoyed a park outing in flip flops with puppy and husby 
wants to know why it is snowing!
is exhausted just thinking about more research for a paper that is due on sunday  meh!
dude! you can ride an elephant for $5 00 at the natural bridge zoo!
has a date with a 12-15 <propfemale> paper   and is not excited 
so much for being a grad student and learning not to procrastinate    surprise  
thinks <propfirst> is obnoxious with 20 hours of sleep
needs to be productive today  but is enjoying having the day off!
really really wants to go to the beach  surprise (
seriously obama    if you have to advertise on my bn com through doctors for <propfemale> action for health care    it probably means that we (the <propfemale>n people) do not want it  just thought i would let you know 
"really wants either a s&w 637 or taurus 85, silver and pink grips please!"
"is listening to speeches on cspan, health care vote today  forced <propfemale> is not <propfemale> it is theft!"
"is pretty sure that even though hc passed at 219 this fight is not over, there are states that are against this inconstitutional act "
"questions asked today from 3 different people: \are you carrying a real gun?\"" \""what kind of job do you have to have a handgun permit\"" and \""why are you packing heat?\"""""
new twilight book  to be released: the short second life of <propfemale> <propmale>  surprise )
"6 months, 10-3-09  surprise )"
"thinks writing a paper on plagiarism for her graduate level counseling class is retarded! if someone does not know how to properly do citations by this time   give them an f on their paper and call it a day  (and hand them the proper mla, apa, or turabian handbook)"
officially needs to stop falling down   not doing so well this week  a bazillion scrapes on my hands and legs  surprise ( 
is attacking the pet stained carpet   and is pretty sure she is losing  surprise (
is having <propmale> book lust and wants to go on a shopping spree and also a timetraveling trip considering at least 3 of these books are not published yet  surprise (
still tears up at the final two episodes of the gilmore girls  another series please !!  surprise (
is burnt and tired but had fun at the dc 2nd ammendment rally
alphabetized her fiction section of books  surprise )
eeeee! is soooo excited that <propfirst> evans birthday present arrived today  surprise ) and even more of a dork for being to impatient to wait until may 1 to give it to him  surprise )
heh a year later and what to show for it?
"marriage and family therapy, or professional counseling   any opinions?"
is ti-red from the bookstore today   3 more super long days to go!
is glad this past week at the bookstore is done    crazy   but is not wanting to finish this paper for her final spring 10 class  lame!
"wants to know why she always naturally wakes up like an hour before <propfirst> comes home, and then can't return to sleep till he's home  annoyed "
grey's anatomy   still think gun free zones stop crime?
still can't believe that she is going to jamaica this summer   and its mostly humbled that god knew this would happen from the start  surprise )
thinks she should grow up to be a computer   than she would speak a language to be understood
"got to go shooting today and get her passport sent in  now she will be anxiously awaiting the return in 2-3 weeks and uploading tons of pictures, after she's a good girl and does her hw   surprise )"
"where is my hairbrush? oh where oh where oh where, is my hairbrush?"
feels victorious in attacking the science projects in the fridge  surprise )
is not having a great start to her morning    gracias a 5 smile 0 am wake up call from a puppy who decides to make a few messes  annoyed   sad 
never realized how amazing fresh clean laundry smelt and filled up a place with that fresh clean smell  yay for a working washer  surprise )
has no idea what to do for your cultural immersion project and interview  annoyed 
"really wants to go shooting and have e playful loding targets after watching \top shot\"" """
"was reading emails from an old account from 2002 2003, feels old, nostalgic towards old friends, and hopes that she can spell type better "
has no idea how she's going to manage to get all of her reading done  surprise (
the hairstylist said that i could have passed for a highschooler today    surprise (
   
is not having the best day ever   and its probably her last 'free' day before jamaica
is going to go see the midnight showing of eclipse  surprise )
thinks <propfirst>' computer addiction is interfering with her <propfirst> addiction  surprise p lol  and her lack of hw chores addiction  surprise (
thank you <propfemale> university for scheduling preplanned   which i was not informed until like two minutes before   down time for blackboard   um kind of need that to finish up my work  thanks 
cannot wait to be on island time in jamaica ;0)
"<propfemale> university theatre are performing hairspray and phantom of th opera this season, in their new theatre  smile "
is in jamacia! please continue to pray for my team and i as it is very hot! thanks 
got to climb a waterfall today!
"jamaica halfway point, only 5 ministry days left, crazy!"
we have had cool weather thanks for the prayers!
shopping and dominos is pretty fabulous!
is sitting on an adorable cafe leaving jamaica in the morning
"is at <propfemale> reflecting on the trip, aweing in god, and excited to see what the future holds!!!  surprise ) ps she seriously feels addicted to missions trips overseas  annoyed  not sure what that means lol "
thinks some people need to wake up before noon and spend time with her  hmmph
had a jerk burger  surprise )
"was looking through pictures from college, and misses the gang  surprise ("
wants to go shooting  surprise (
"is more than slightly disappointed at the revealed ending of a novel she was reading   surprise ( the hero just died  \and (so and so) died 3 days later\"" seriously???!!!"""
"is still exhausted  but had fun hosting 3 uk peeps for the day, talking with them, laughing with them, buying a glock with them, and shooting 'big guns' with them   surprise )"
"after the tide reaches its height, it inevitably must ebb away   "
had a nice time hanging out with her mom and hunting for beads to design jewelry 
"hates that being a christian is all \on the job training\"""""
happy one year old to a cute beagle puppy!
is sad that <propmale> the python is not with us anymore  surprise (
"day 1 rush down, got to help a solider in iraq order his books, and deal with store craziness  day 2 will be busier with more people, more phone calls, but at least the days are counting down   surprise )"
"good busy day at work: helping the newer cashiers, and seeing tons of xtreme impacters! one more day down     surprise )"
"is such a nerd, but, was soooooo excited to see copies of mocking <propfirst> at the bookstore to be released on tuesday  surprise ) eeeee! (wonders if the manager will let her read it on her break    )"
"just clocked out at 39:45 not too shabby  and i get to work for \next week\"" starting tomorrow """
is going to get through her 5 hour shift and enjoy her two days off!  surprise )
finished mocking <propfirst>  surprise )
officially hates the idea of night shift *pouts*  surprise (
"realizes that facebook is like a yearbook, that instead of wondering where people are,  or what they are doing, you can see read about it, and realize how much life goes on without you "
is kind of excited that she can take her glock apart and put it back together  surprise )
finally organized the pictures on her hardrive  surprise ) now to actually look through and maybe learn how to edit? or put her trip pictures and videos together   that'd be neat!
long shift at the bookstore today   but many more people have red shirts for the game tomorrow  surprise )
"you know your puppy is bad when you look her in the eye and tell her to come, and she deliberately runs away under the bed    "
is currently not liking her relationship with statistics  annoyed 
"is struggling with her homework this week   dealing with figuring out the probability of combined events with multiple outcomes   and reading \how to help people change\"" by <propfirst> adams    *quits*"""
is not going to lie: she is really proud of the potato salad and pork chops she made for dinner   even if she's decided that most forms of pork have a weird texture 
got asked tonight if i was a freshman    someone should really bottle me up   i think i'm the fountain of youth  lol
found a caribbean take-out restaurant on church street!  surprise )
calculating z scores and finding the area for those z scores in normally distributed graphs is currently my life   but its actually crazy easy so i don't mind  yay for simple equations and looking up the results in a preestablished chart  *thanks the geeks who created the chart*
thinks its funny that <propfemale> the beagle loooooooves lettuce
had soooo much fun meeting her italia teammates this morning! it's going to be an exciting summer!  surprise )
"wants to know how much sense it is that she read a book last week and did a theory critique, and this week she read another book and is supposed to compare it to last week's theory in this week's theory critique in only 4 pages    seriously   isn't that was discussion board posts are for?"
heading into work  guess what? become a fan of the <propfemale> bookstore and you can receive 20% off on a gift apparel purchase between 1-5pm today! seeya there  surprise )
my new eeepc cord arrived! maybe this one will last longer than a year  surprise )
is on her way to the obx  surprise )
is home from the obx  surprise ( but glad to miss the storms and waking up to puking nextdoor campers  *rolls eyes*
wants to know where she put her keys  annoyed 
found her keys hiding on the kitchen table  surprise )
wants to know what kind of professor comments in blackboard \\,0f6994dd406f02ea0816b7e9c04b7bbd,wants to know if she should go to the football game tomorrow  usually i'd avoid crazy campus days   but    idk 
"has been dating her best friend for 4 years today, and has been married to the man of her dreams, <propfirst> evans for a year tomorrow  surprise )"
have i mentioned that i hate certain people working nightshift?  annoyed  (though i am grateful that said person has a job in said economy to provide for self)
had a bad day today  life currently = stress 
have i mentioned recently that i love girlmore girls  surprise ) x a bazillion!
wants an italian bible  surprise )
maybe she should turn into a computer   
"is wondering if she should start a blog  i think it'd be loads of fun, but it might end up boring  annoyed "
doesn't want to work on finishing her classes this week  annoyed 
"thinks the weather is being bipolar today: cold, rain, overcast, rainy, brightly <propfemale>  (?!)"
"just enjoyed a beautiful saturday nap    dreaming of \point of no return\"" from phantom   and italy   it was weird lol """
is done with statistics forever  surprise ) (except for reading about it in journal articles)
"my new favorite word in italian: sobreviverte, \will you survive?\"" learned from watching mulan's \""man outta you\"" in italian on youtube  man i love the internet """
just started a blog! its neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com
"had a funny encounter at walmart today while open carrying  a man in is mid 40's came over, literally bent over to look at my hip and asked me, \is that a taser?\"" he was fully entertained when i told him it was a -real- gun  lol"""
wants to know if she'll ever grow out of being awkward 
is enjoying the use of linux on her netbook by using a library manager software  smile  *book geek happiness*
just watched the social network   and feels ironic posting it on facebook 
is excited about the cuecat scanner usb   this is totally going to speed up my personal book cataloging process  surprise ) !
received the documentary dvd's that <propfirst> and i did in august with <propmale> shaw on guns  really well done  surprise )
the puppy is not feeling welll   and it is raining  today is going to be a very long day  annoyed 
"is eating a <propfemale> cane before thanksgiving to spite <propfirst> evans  see, i waiting last year because of that certain person   and ended up not eating any <propfemale> canes "
just had some random guy show up at her apartment from some wholesale meat place in roanoke wanting me to check out the frozen cheap meat in his truck   reason 104 i <propfemale> a gun 
"just chased the sick dog who has been keeping her up the last few nights, through the woods and across the street after she escaped out of the fence  this dog is on my dislike list currently  her cute points have officially run out!"
<propfemale> is cuddling next to my feet   okay maybe she has some cute points returned to her   *falls for adorable brown eyes*
they put a new scene and song in my beauty and the beast   not sure i approve    
had sooo much fun with part of team italy celebrating <propfirst> <propmale> wilhoit's birthday at moe's wings   surprise ) and glad my husband <propfirst> evans was there to deflect creepy drunk people 
's brain is fried after attempting to read counseling chapters   and she maybe accomplished a 1 6 of her reading  smeh
really wants the canon powershot sx210 is  it is a teeny pocket camera with awesome features   and the crazy part is that it has 14x optical (not digital) zoom!!!
smeh meh smeh meh
wants to go to a brazilian churrascaria soooo badly!
really really really really really really really really  would rather sleep in instead of working at the bookstore this am 
"i actually study for this test and make sure i do more of the readings, put sticky tabs, read over the study guide   and get an 80  4 points less than the previous test of which i did none of those things   annoyed  graduate school is currently kicking my butt "
is hosting a thanksgiving dinner with some friends for the first time in her apartment  surprise ) and working on icky counseling papers while things are baking cooling down 
created another blog entry  surprise )
ee! got a 100 on the last paper that she wrote for classes (during her thanksgiving) using herself as a trial case to apply a counseling theory!!  surprise ) maybe i'm kicking grad school's butt!!!
is in love with her bestest friend  love 
the netbook now has two gigs of ram  surprise )
is feeling pretty crappy right now
is over her attitude problem and excited about her and <propfemale> schott 's joint <propfemale> themed birthday hangout on friday evening  surprise )
"<propfirst> saw the <propfemale> cake, kiddie jewelry, <propfemale> plates, and <propfemale> tablecloth and remarked \this is not how a 23 yr old's bday should look    that is a bday for a 6 year old\"" lol  its because boys don't understand """
an awesome time tonight analyzing disney flicks  definitely should happen again   and it is looking like snow tomorrow on my 23rd bday!  surprise )
"just had a free firehouse sub on her bday and flurries have been spotted, and a christmas party tonight   if only homework didn't exist life would be perfect!"
"a great weekend that is getting ruined by a counseling paper, test, and project  <propmale> dislike !!"
"realized that she forgot to thank everyone for the \happy birthday\"" wishes  thank you for making my day life awesome!"""
"buyback, papers, exams, discussion board posts, and the cold weather are making my life crazy!"
"one more paper down, and a saturday off means sleeeping in  surprise )"
found her tacky christmas sweater   and finds it rather cute and endearing   hmm maybe she should wear more tacky christmas sweaters? lol
fan died on my eeepc mini computer  annoyed 
"most of the db's done, one more paper to write, 2 more exams    and 2 5 busy crazy days of buy back at the bookstore   and then vacation where i will freeze in the feetage of snow  *is excited scare* lol"
"one more buyback shift down    1 5 more, 2 exams, 1 paper until vacation in the white north  (aka the police state of upstate new york) "
" 5 a shift at the bookstore, 2 exams, 1 paper, cleaning the apt and packing before vacation!  surprise )"
is about to work my last 3 5 hours at the bookstore  won't be returning in the spring  i will miss all of you! its buyback   so let's go out with a bang of competence and customer service  surprise )
"is sad for everyone she missed saying goodbye too, don't really like goodbyes, and didn't want to get in the way in the crazy of the bookstore  i will miss all of you!"
"despite disliking the amount of time it takes to write papers, i must admit i love the feeling of being surrounded by books for research for papers  i love the feeling of having a personal library for sources for papers  surprise ) *is a total nerd geek*"
"loved watching tangled at the cinema tonight, however, is officially creeped out by <propfemale> and the frog  i would not let children watch it   there is a lot of blatant references to voodoo and really evil magic  i was really disappointed "
an 8 9 hour trip returning from ny turned into an 11 day of being stuck in a car  surprise ( 
has a pink wii remote  surprise ) for her and <propfirst> evans ' wii!
needs to be better about remembering movies before she recommends them to others   
http annoyed  neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com 2011 01 daydreamed-about-being-ordinary html
"is an overanalyzer planning her life   while <propfirst> evans is a self admitted \rider on the river of life letting god be in control so he can sleep during the ride \"" oh the joys of merging two lives into one   but now i have an understanding of why our discussions are the way that they are    lol"""
"seeing 2 massive shootings on greys anatomy and that these do occur in real life does not mean that guns are evil   people are evil and fallen and will use any tools to commit awful acts  the travesty is that the honest, innocent people are forbidden to protect themselves! for the record more people are killed in car accidents each year    maybe we should make people ride bikes instead "
i should totally be productive today     annoyed  i'm not really a fan 
is fairly disappointed after knowing that she was going to be in richmond on monday and planning to eat brazilian at this fabulous restaurant   that its not even open on mondays   fail?!
wants to know why my computer's fan stops making an awful noise when i hold it on its side   i prefer this to the lawnmower that is my net book  annoyed 
"officially sucks to be anyone who tattoo'd themselves with their astrological sign  they just all changed due to the \axis tilting\"" of the planet   lol"""
i'm pictured in the online version of richmond times dispatch
<propfirst> = 1 bathroom =0; too bad it was only one room lol
kind of wants to be aeryn sun when she grows up
"does the snow have a \dislike and go away\"" button?"""
don't forget to check out the updated blog! neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com
is currently at odds with the universe  randomly woke up at 3:53 am and never could get back to sleep   
just bought tickets for phantom of the opera at <propfemale> and beauty and the beast for broadway in roanoke    april may are gonna rock   and has a very sweet hubster who is okay with going to see beauty and the beast on his birthday 
new blog post! www neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com
is marinating on the sermon at heritage this morning 
guys    i want to know how many pairs of pants do you own? my husband has 24! neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com
whoever invented nightshift is officially my least favorite person in the world  <propfirst>' nightshift+ my light sleeperness= a very bad combination  annoyed 
finished watching farscape   now i can be more productive with my life 
"had a great time at heritage and sundae grill with <propfemale> schott and her roommate <propfemale> and running into <propfirst>'s crew   for the record we were there first  lol  and all of the other people that i saw at heritage (<propfirst> <propfemale>, <propfemale> sipes)  now onto homework      surprise ("
"another  amazing morning at heritage and lunch at macados with <propfemale> sipes, <propfemale> schott, and <propfemale>  surprise ) (with <propfemale> bowers as our small group discussion leader for sunday school) "
"just realized that her intensives require lots of preclass reading and work   during the time while her other two classes will be concluding   meaning lots of papers, quizzes, tests due all at once  ah!"
just talked on the phone with my mommy in law for two hours (basically chattering her ears off )  surprise )
for the dog who keeps digging out of her run   she gets to stay on a 15ft metal plastic chain within her run 
"really wants to know if anyone else ever actually manages to get all of the chores done; maintain a clean house, while balancing working part time, and taking a full load of graduate classes   let alone taking care of a household containing a husband, puppy, and cat  does this happen? lol"
"thinks a weekend vacation is due sometime soon with the hubster  there will be no computers (gasp) no cell phones, no whiney puppies, no loud maowing cats, no chores to do   and also no idea when this will happen lol  but maybe a cabin in the area? let me know if anyone has any great ine playful ensive semi local ideas!"
just had a nice conversation with my baby brother  surprise )
"listening to disney songs in italian, life is pretty much perfect   minus the homework factor"
"for the record, homework is the bane of my existence  surprise ("
$70 to fill up my car is sad  surprise (
me and a text book have a date tonight   dislike
"i am officially done with coun 503, now to finish coun 620, begin coun 610 on monday, and then begin coun 602 the following monday   so much for a relaxing spring break  but, it'll be okay  surprise )"
"for the record, the original tron makes me very thankful for technology   i couldn't even get into the plot due to the creative way they mixed their light effects with real people "
i just found the next computer that i want  a <propfemale> duo  its basically a tab type browser that converts into a netbook  love 
"one day sundays will be spent doing something besides reading counseling texts, writing papers, and other homework assignments  but, apparently, today is not that day "
"is sitting in her intensive class, ready to go 30 minutes early! lol yes, i'm still that nerdly academic student  no, i won't tell you where i'm sitting   ok, fine! yes, i am sitting in the front row "
had a great day in her first intensive   sitting in class all day learning about the christian view about sex does get less awkward 
"is majorly praising god; not only did god protect me from a close accident when someone cut me off (leading me to cut off another car), but he also protected me when a cop (and then 3 others called in in response to <propfirst>' gun) showed up with a call that my plate had committed a hit and run  upon inspection of my vehicle, it was determined by all parties that no contact had occurred "
feeling like crap with a cold  hoping it goes away soon  surprise (
"so these new teeny boppers on youtube are scary  trying youtubing \my jeans\"" by <propfemale> <propfemale> and \""friday\"" by <propfemale> black   the worst news? there are about 12 other videos that show up as well """
intensive week 2! let's see how it goes! *nap time???*
"is officially missing xtreme impact and all of her mprep girls  surprise ( oh! this intensive class! \darn you aqua--something--scum? -- zoid?\"" - finding nemo"""
"is having awesome communications with her classmates and learning from their e playful eriences  also, have realized that the professor looks like <propfirst> connery  lol"
"found out today that missionaries are a high risk group for ptsd, and that this group is often not provided counseling  my heart is really breaking for this ministry group!"
does anyone know of any churches or organizations that specifically do counseling with missionaries in lynchburg? i'm starting the process of internship hunting 
"professor felt he needed to remind me that i was in a graduate level class today  to excuse his poor class time management, for us to continue class after 4 smile 0pm "
"i miss minecraft, but i'm afraid to start playing it again because it takes over my life!  surprise ("
i finally updated my blog   and its threatening snow tonight   seriously?? (neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com)
"is officially planning a day away with her husband, possibly to include a massage, time to be determined  location: currently charlottesville  we terribly need a vacation!"
feels very mature eating gummie vitamin c and d pills 
"is feeling bleh, hopefully to be remedied by some chicken pot pie  cfaw starts tomorrow!"
wonders if i'll ever find a hairstyle cut that i really like  annoyed 
"new blogpost  neverhaveiever-erin blogspot com  please pray for <propfirst>, he's not been feeling well  surprise ("
"for the record, i'm so hugely proud of my husband's worth ethic and his pride for providing for us (me) "
"huge praise! didn't see my agenda in my purse   so afraid it got lost inbetween a cfaw event and a fundraiser today  praise god i found it in my car inbetween the seat and the door! can i tell you, if i barely feel like i get stuff accomlished   my life would halt without this pink agenda!  surprise )"
cfaw is officially over! xi'ers i love you and we did it! about 122 people in our second session    45 people were left without chairs  it was very much standing room only 
has a date with a paper for the remainder of the day  buh bye sunshine   it was great while it lasted  annoyed 
"i am actually  enjoying this paper more than i thought i would! i am putting into words my theological position on god's will and the spiritual decision making process, and i'm geekily happy over the amazing resources that i am re-gleaning in my personal library  love "
for the record   being in a vehicle that suddenly stalls all by yourself is not a fun e playful erience  praise god there were nice guys to help move the car   i could not even think about that at the moment i was so freaked out!
