528c894a3c9c645f3ca70b0fa658fba8
when did ordering pizza get so damn complicated?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
bored
enjoying a very large bottle of cheap wine
"my wonderful boyfriend jusy made the best breakfast lunch!! complete with hash browns, cheese and pepper omelets, homemade biscuits, and chocolate coffee  mmmm "
work sucks
jusy saw <propmale> potter!!
going to beach tmrw  but who wants to bet it will rain and ruin all my fun
i will come to your resuce anytime babe 
i really hate going to work
vacation starts!!!!
yet another wedding      congratulations <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!!!
just got back from taking <propmale> to the bar for his birthday!
one bottle of =  one headache
bachorlette party tmrw nite!
<propfirst>'s bacholette party was awesome!!! gonna be dead in the morning but <propfemale> worth it
don't know how i survived the bachlorette party  everyone was pretty wild! boobies and cleavage everywhere! just kidding   sorta  but thank god my hangover is almost gone!
haha! i dont have to work today!
on my way to see zombieland!!!
zombie land was awesome!
hates cold rainy weather
"<propfemale> alert    3 year old boy taken in rochester,ny by a man driving a mitsubishi eclipse plate number 98b351    please put this as your status so it moves all across face book  you would if it was your child!!"
is so bored     blah     
great time to go to work so i can sell underwear to the nastiest old people  what is it about buying underwear that makes people fucking assholes?
attention farmville friends: i would really like purple and black hay!
"so i lost my lincense for 30 days!!!  what can i say? i like to drive fast, really fast! this is going to be a long 30 days!!"
wedding day! gotta get my shit together so my bride dosent kill me  just kidding <propfirst>!
lovely weather to stay in bed all day
i hate selling panties!!!!
<propfirst>'s car = 1    the deer = 0
dont make to much fun   but im so excited about twilight tmrw nite!! not excited about all the damn tweenies thou  sad 
twi-tweens scare me
why doesnt on demand comcast ever work?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
dreading black friday customers! they are the worst!!!   advice to everyone going shopping friday: dont be bitchy with the retail help!!! they are more stressed out then you!!!!
happy thanksgiving!!!!
"i truely hate all black friday & saturday shoppers  what is it about this weekend that turns shoppers into morons? suddenly normal people lose all reason  they cant read signs, put items back, or even take 50% off  and god forbid if they have to wait in line for 5 mins!"
ugh!
i got my license back!!! hooray!!!!
happy hanukkah bitches!!!!
god i hate being awake this early in the morning!
happy holidays everyone!!!!
i want a pegiun!!!!!!
they closed the panty shack  as of the january 31st i will be jobless  all i got to comfort me is half a cold pizza and half a bottle of wine 
tried job hunting today   this sucks   turned down by 3 places for being over qualified  wtf?!?! if i am qualified then you know i will do my job and if i am over qualified then you know i will do my job well  ahhhhh!!!!! still need a cig
ugh
blah
so apparently every damn american history book i have ever read is wrong  <propfirst> washington was not our frist president! he was the 15th  there was 14 congressional presidents before him! he was the frist president after the consitution was written  wtf!! this is why i dont watch the history channel intoxicated 
now i thought black friday shoppers were evil but now i know better  close out shoppers are the worst! nothing is good enough for them  nothing is cheap enough  nothing is what they want or the size they want!
fuck life
again fuck life
"so a customer pissed me off today  i went into the backroom to calm down  well i screamed \god damn it\"" and apparently you could here me on the sales floor  oops  luckly i have an awesome boss who laughed it off  but seriously what is wrong with these people? you say store closing and people become rude nutcases!"""
today was a good day
i hate caulk!
the panty shack is almost empty  i am almost sad    nah not at all
the panty shack is closed
not only is today my birthday but i officially join the rest of the county in unemployment
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!!!
no  when they are dead they are just called hookers
well damn  thats all i have to say about this snow
i hate snow  why wont it go away!
so i hear more freaking snow this weekend   nooooooooooo
damn snow! tried to walk biscuit and all you could see was the tip of her ears sticking out of the snow  pretty funny until she got mad and took off dragging me down the side walk on my butt
hope every one had a great valentines day!
farmville friends: please help me build this damn horse stable!!!
so its fucking snowing again  so sick of the snow  its pretty for like two days then its just annoying
"blah, blah, blah     "
its wonderful outside! everyone better be doing something to enjoy this weather!!!!!!!
stupid rain!
stupid cold!
taking my puppy to the zoo!!
happy passover!!
hates being sick!!
happy easter!
its so wonderful outside!!!!
oh god baseball season has began
blah is how my day is going
got a new book case!!!! guess that means i have to go buy more books! an empty book case is a sad thing 
yay!! <propfemale> is in town!! im so excited to finally get to see her!!
has anyone else noticed how gas prices and slowly going back up? it is almost $3 agian  the really weird thing is that no one is complaining this time  guess the gas comanies messed up two summers ago but slamming us with $4 a gallon  they needed to do it slowly so we wouldnt notice 
i need a life
just <propfemale> in wonderland on blueray! it was awesome!!!!
taking a poll: what should i do with my hair?
i love fireworks!!!!!
bored
its the middle of july and i havent been to the beach yet!! whats the point of living 25 minutes from the beach if i never get to go?
i am so going to the beach thrusday!!!!!!!
"well i didnt make it t the beach,  had lunch with my parents and <propmale> instead  but i did get some sun by walking my puppy around town!"
worked all day today  soooo tired
so i got my puppy (pit l ab) and my parents dogs (yorkie and terrier) for the night! should be fun!!!
i'm so burnt  too much sun today
going to try to quit bitting my nails  which means the quit smoking resolution is probably going to suffer 
so what is the point to nail polish? you paint your nails all and pretty then it chips off the next day! ugh 
thrusday will be 6 years for <propmale> and i!!!!!!
nine days till i start at trinkets!!!!
so i thought i started next monday but yay i start thursday!! so just one more day till trinkets!!
trinkets    grand opening monday 8 23 2010   in the twilley center next to lombardi's       i e playful ect everyone to come in and see the new store! plus you get a free pair of ear rings just for coming in!
today was great!!! trinkets is alot of fun!!! if you havent stopped in yet you need to  we have something for everyone  and check out the facebook <propfemale> for trinkets!!
another great day!!!
mmm chips and sour cream onion dip
blah blah blah day
saturday is moving day!!! it will be so nice not to have to worry about getting mugged or shot in the parking lot anymore!!!!!
moving had a few bumps but i love my new apartment!!!!!
why is so hard for customers to get out of a store at closing time? when i say we close at 5 i mean 5 not 5:20! it is not a suggestion 
be nice to your local retail people and we will be nice in return  customer service is a privilage not a right!
"old <propmale> white women are the worst shoppers  1  im not your personal shopper  2  it is rude to throw money down on the counter when i have my hand held and out a smile on my face   3  i dont care someone stole your 3 carat <propfemale> earrings on your cruise to the carribbean last summer  i do care that you are holding up my line  4  do not snap your fingers at me to get my attention, i am not a dog"
yay!! we got goldfish!!!
happy halloween!!!!!!
what is up with halloween?! no one is allowed to trick-or-treat anymore! where is the fun? you dress up and have no where to go!
anyone else notice the gas prices going up up and up? i feel like no one else is pay attention!
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!!!!!!!
