1e7aa83207b05736e3c0c86e8f30d2a5
damn got all this ap hw 4 no reason
putting music on i tunes about <propfemale> play da game   
highly upset > annoyed 
smh near year same dumb ass people doin the same dumb shit
wow i guess common sense ain't as common as i thought -____-
your world is nothing but a figure of ur imagination used to cope with the insecurities and fault in your life so you put up this barrier around u to justify the fact that your nothing more than a impossible child lost in their own mind trapped to be only wat their afraid to be      different
birthday in 2days  laugh !
birthday in 2days  laugh !
finally put sum new pics up   now ladybug can stop laffing at me all the time lol
grades was on point this quarter still aint get that 4 00 damn teachers lls
idk wat to get tatted next my arm or back?
weight trainning tomorrow ugh! lol
worst week ever   got chased by a deer when did they start chasing ppl smh
just got the hair cut off to go get anova tattoo siced
some people take facebook way too seriously lol
i hate getting shots at the doctors!
got the provisonal all i need now is a car    
lol she (ladybug) just made my night
ugh school
people n school funny as shit lmao
whether you know it or not ur my inspiration   u make me push myself to do better    when times get hard i think of you and everything seems better
sore as shit i can barely move wtf smh never again     
food is like the best thing in the whole world
omg about to jump out of the second floor window       
about to jump out the second floor window!!!
is filled with anger
don't you hate seeing someone you like or love flirting with someone else   shit gets me every time!
its funny how people change over time
kids if you really want to piss your parents off buy real estate in an imaginary place
got back from the pool dark as shit now lol
in the 17 years i have been living i have realized that it doesn't matter how good u look how muh money u have or what <propfemale> the case maybe we are all humans and we all fuck up n someway wat makes it all worth the while is having someone to go to after tha fuck up      so who wats to be that someone lls
mood: optinistic
mood: optimistic
lol dunked on this nigga at the rec siced as shit
"messing with teachers in school lmbo    ,,,    (hopefully they dont put me out)"
who is better kobe or lebron? clearly its kobe but what do you think?
dont let the smile fool you   
diamondprincess just made my night lls
bored     
running laps in 100 degrees is not cool   get it 100 degrees not cool   fuk it lls
never afraid to ask the big question   lol
"lets see, whos day am i going to make today   ???"
damn everybody and they mother gotta facebook litteraly lol
so keep your mouth closed & let your eyes listen
if she really cooks for me she the f'ing best! lol
venting to my own personal phycologist lls
you know shit fucked up when your personal psycologist doesnt know wat to tell you    thanks for trying though
wish i cud see the world through the eys of <propfirst> wonder
wtf y is it so hard to find a summer job? lol i need advise     
be who you are and say what you mean because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind
cant wait till track starts back up
seeing avatar this weekend hope it will be on point lls
damn i cud not sleep last night     i blame <propfemale> <propfemale> lol
worst fuking day n it aint over yet
mad at diamondprincess for not textin' me ur definetly getting birthday hits now!!!
"wat am i gona get this kid for \her\"" bday lol"""
cant sleep
iight enuff games time to get serious       on moves over here
anova tat this weekend     
dnt worry you dnt lebron to win a championship in fact every single team that has a championship did it with out him lol all u need is kobe
why is it <propfemale> u wana settle down to one girl tey think ur playing? lol damn do guys fuck up that bad lol
its always nice to know that you have someone you can count on to be there or at least try to be       
bored n not tired at all
messed up my knee again   hope the docs can fix me up
do distant relationships ever workout?
just got n da house been on <propmale> moves     
nuffin to do bouta find my brova n get n to shit
"watching \finding nemo\"""""
aint got nuffin planned    this is a wateva day
yes i make mistakes that i can make excuses for like leaving girls that love me and constantly suducing hoes
i talk slicka than auh pimp from agusta bitches waz ip wit ya? i hate callin the women bitches but da bitches love it
i talk slicka than auh pimp from agusta bitches waz up with ya? i hate callin the women bitches but the bitches love it    
i hate when im textin some1 n they take 4eva to text back n da middle of a convo    
omg stop poking me! lol
{{{{{goose and patron gets me in da zone}}}}} ayee!! lol
she say she wana get loose so i gave her grey goose u wit a <propfemale> baby act like u no wat to do lol
now dats how u let da beat build bitccchhh!!!! lol
"   and wat i need is simple 5 5\ wit dimples potential wife credentials   """
err1 keep pushin me to the edege so i flip my middle finger n let my wings spread    n fly
shawty say da nigga dat she wit aint shit   and he cant do this and he dont do that
hard work pays off in the end   
that just blew my day   n a bad mood now
awww man im starting to get fat smh i needa stop being lazy
"tomorrow is \friday the 13th\"""""
all i want is a snickers and a good movie
"\i'm not worried about da past i'm n a good mood now n errthing is fine so let's just cheerish the moment together   that way <propfemale> things get worst we know it can only get better\""-marcus"""
i think ima end up being up all night again    
i wana go skydiving but i'm scared my parachute wudnt open   lmao
like this status if u don't know y u still up
didn't show up   but it wasn't my fault hope she understands   
someone call me lol
like my status and i will tell you something i always wanted to tell u but never did    
don't ever forget the day u began to doubt   i'm trasitioning from fitting in to standing out
wtf when i'm hungry there ain't nuffin to eat    but when i'm not there's big food in da house    lol
mosquitoes are the most innoying things in the world     
<propfirst> cowboys   way better than the washington 4wins redskins lol
i wonder what all girls think about lol ????
in all my hard classes sitting smooth next to the smartest person lol to lazy this year
sometimes i wish i could just forget    
why is it when a guy is trying to settle down girls think he playing n next his ass lol
i wana be a rockstar just so i can jump into the crowd n let em <propfemale> me    then i'm quit lol
sometime you have to let go of the ones you love   too much of a good things is always a bad thing
needs to find a gf lmao
hey who wana be my best friend   don't be shy i'm a pretty nive person   lol sometime
hey who wana be my best friend     don't be shy i'm a pretty nice person   lol sometimes
i fuckin hate liers   especially when they look u in the face and do it    
you guys are disappointing   we gotta find some sort of balance
need someone to call and talk to     
who is still up?
someone call me
fucking hate math
damn teachers making us go around and ask ppl questions ugh   
this is the dumbest survey in the history of surveying
i need to find someone to marry on here      
wow this was a hot night   i feel sick going to bed
music takes me somewhere else mentally 
what is the real purpose of poking on facebook???
man we live a fucked up world believe that   
smh i fucked up   
gota stone heart i feel no pain  i will never love another women its just me and my money     
"i'm like a champange top i'm ready to pop off baby, got so much money i can look at the cops all crazy"
"i triple money, double girls, call it a triple double no assists   "
i want another tat   
might as well get up and start my day   
just jogged 2 <propmale> thought it was sweet whole time i forgot i have to jog back   smh -__-
down at the monument at the black family reunion      
of course <propfirst> will will <propfirst> beat the redskins? is that a rhetorical question?
of course <propfirst> will beat the redskins   was that a rhetorical question? lol
wtf! no his dike ass did not just fumble like that! smh
oh my gosh can we at least score   we better win or ima never hear the end of this shit at school    
stuck with the bad ass lil brother for the day lol
what are the newest jordans?
i have a terrible habit of waiting till the last <propfemale> to do everything lol
debating on if i'm going to school or not    hhhmmmm
football then err1 weight training at my house lls
word of the day *infidelity*
i wish i was physic   things would be so much easier right now     
i always wanted to         *like this status and find out*
parents going outa town for 3days and leaving me home    they should've known better lol
i need someone to tell my problems to when times get hard    
people can think what they want   who the fuck are they?
the girls that let u fuk on the 1st day are anything    the ones that make you wait are keepers     mamma taught me well lls
niggas be <propfemale> like shit in their face book status!
a need a girl that can motivate me    
i need a girl that can motivate me    lol
chilling in suitland for the day      
i swear sometimes your own family can be some petty mother fuckers
just got a new tattoo extra siced
damn <propfirst> why you eat all the damn cake man? lol lil sis is too funny over here
got damn romo and his interceptions   awww well hopefully the colt win!!
i wonder if crazy people look at normal people like there crazt lmao
i wonder if carzy people look at normal people like there crazy
just like you i get lonely too   
never do the wrong thing because it looks right   
why the hell are these people having a bachlorette party in a nail salon? are they crazy? lls smh
i think i have a spending habbit   lol
2interceptions already- *<propfirst>*
wtf romo is out i don't even wana know what happens next i'm callin it a night   
<propfirst> fucking up this year   now i know what it feels like to be a redskins fan last year
ugh i hate physics
watching this bad kid trying to do this physics and cooking at the same time   guess i'm not doing hw tonight lls
track practice monday not looking forward to it lls  sad 
cookies or doughnuts?
is it fat to day dream about food?
i need some ideas for my next tattoo   any suggestions?
i want a mcgriddle
track practice is no laughing matter    
its only two ways to be successful in this world hard work or taking advantage of others   smh
can't sleep    to night is not a good night
i h8 when people waste my fucking time   don't say ur gona do something and dont do it   
might go pass h&m and buy this jacket or whateva idk lol
i hate depending on other people to do shit and they come up with dumbass excusses
i think i pulled a muscle   extreme pain  sad 
i like islek lmao     
omg not again    
i need a personal therapist like now   
omg i missed the movies   and someone wanted to creep up on people smh lls
smh its a shame how someone close to you can look you in the face and lie      
"she said \id be lying if i said i felt the same\"" smh ------> discouraged -___-"""
aw well came too far to give up now   ------->determined
3 things i like about you     (like this status)
stalking people at the mall is not cool -_-
all cowboy fans should like this status *** lol
cowboys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh not feeling good at all
women of my dreams i don't sleep so i can't find her
"i had a horrible track meet today \smh^2\"" someone cheer me up or make me laugh please       sad """
sore in bed texting the life of an athlete lol
missed the opportunity of a life time smh (-___-)
omg i hate hurdles! lmao
highly energetic!!!
i lost my mind   its somewhere out there stranded    
lol i can't sleep ima be up all night smh
i fuckin hate stupid ass ppl   like what is your purpose in life? your father should wore a condom and your mother should have swollowed you!!! >=|----->pissed
i think i'm too nice clearly ima have to smack u in your mouth like u my son huh?
oh my gosh i am going to fucking kill this person! and yes this is premeditated and u can use this as my confession! some call me be for i go to jail!
who trying to do something today? i refuse to stay in the house! lol
bout to go to chipotle real quick  joyful 
