ef80d4106ae51e2656b1cca1154e4831
i like pie
"you know  it's fascinating  my dad has been around 62 years only to find out that legally he doesn't exist, and technically i don't exist  very strange indeed "
"in a world, where the government became corrupt, respectable jobs were hard to find, and money was only a notion       wait, cant i just say 'on earth '?"
just realised how much my profile picture doesnt fit me  at all 
another day       another day 
so god-d***ed lonely it's not even funny   
"people  if you want to hook me up, avoid the 'hefties' "
"if you shoot yourself in the middle of a <propmale>, would anyone hear it?"
"in a car, there are many fuses  and sometimes they burn out  you could replace the fuse but then again sometimes the fuse will simply burn out again  you could ignore it but then eventually your car simply  wont work  you could also choose to use a bigger fuse and risk destroying the fuses purpose  sometimes it's just better to fix the problem than to worry about the little things that keep the problem livable "
another day im not talked to  what a suprise 
"what would you say to a good freind who is dating someone who uses possesion as an excuse to beat them, gets them arrested, fights with them on a nearly daily basis and gets angry whenever they go anywhere or do anthing without them? i'm out of solutions "
i have a feelin    that tonights gonna be a good night 
hopefully i'll sleep longer than anone e playful ects tonight   
ah  fun happy time? me happy is yes 
like status updates? i gots status updates! heres status update   playful 
the most annoying thing possible while surfing the web would definatly be web <propfemale>s that automatically play music or audio in general upon loading the <propfemale>  do you people have no respect for us listening to our own music that we like?
smoking ban? forced insurance by law? mandatory seat belts? these new laws make me wonder one thing  where the fuck did the constitution and <propmale> of rights go?
god im bored   
"get to work the next 5 weekends strait  big paychecks, here i come!  laugh "
bored  lonely and poor    hm  wonder why work seems like an excape   
 annoyed  hm 
why are all the girls that i might have a <propmale> with too young or taken?
"is bored, annoyed with a lack of activity, and blah "
i'm done trying for things  i'm just done  come whatever may 
life is like a box of chocolates  have too much and you die from diabetes 
is bored
hm  people keep telling me i deserve to burn in hell but they never give me a ticket  i'm hurt   sad 
"i am sick of hearing peoples bs about what they like in people and what their problems are  seriously, if you have an issue with something someone does, maybe you are the problem  if you learn to accept people and not say or do stupid ass shit, then maybe people would agree with or like you more  and before i am asked because i know it's coming, no, i am not targeting a specific person  i am targeting everyone "
"i am coming to realize something  what's the point of being a cheerful person when all you do, even if it's your job, seems to backfire on you? i would normally be inclined not to post this but i'm starting to not care what people know about me  i make one mistake and it's all over with anyway  so, i am going to try something new and go with an old saying of mine that i used to use for comedy  emotions are pointless "
"death, depression, despair  you know the shpeil by now  figure it out "
"the\ new linkin park album is a serious let down  if you liked the old \linkin park albums (hybrid theory, meteora or even minutes to midnight),\ i can guarantee you will not like 'a thousand suns'  i'd rather have a \thousand suns hit me than listen to it again    yeah  that bad "
"i absolutely hate these facebook things that post under you and make it look as though you are a giddy fanboy of some useless thing  seriously, if you have to do that, nobody cares  get used to it "
need a outing  hm 
"may all those who make a special note, whether good or bad, of me go to their appropriate destinations in life  i choose to live on the fence of neutrality so that i may separate myself from those who fall "
"   that's enough  stop the lies, stop the games and stop the stupidity  that is all "
whelp  guess i have alot more free time on my hands  allot less income though 
is bored 
saw a rather funny sight while i was driving  a bird trying to fly against the wind  flapping it's wings like crazy but moving over about a foot a minute  lol
"hmmm    what am i thinking? well lets see here, a <propfemale> for your thoughts right? well that price was claimed almost months after the creation of the first 'dollar' currency, used in south <propfemale> before the foundation of the usa, and applying an appropriate amount for inflation and currency equivalency    that'll be us$10 "
fucking bullshit  everything is just fucking bullshit  goodnight all 
i like life again   smile 
"ok peeps  been too preoccupied to be on facebook lately  so if you want to chat, send me a message  don't know who'd wanna talk to me though  lol"
