3f8b44740887b28a956f90ac05d0c95b
is feeling blessed and very thankful this morning!
brainfreezeeee     
ohhhh     my addiction for mafia wars has begun       :
offf to the gym    
"this is going to be a longg day        so i arming myself with caffeineee       i feel happy, oh so, happyyy        smile "
"you are not the boss of me facebook,      i am getting off right now             right after i check out  two more friends post          smile "
finally all done with school work!!  smile  and now i'm hungry     
"i got soul, but i'm not a soilder       "
"had a great workout, and now ready to take on the day with a big smile  smile "
i got a pocket full of sunshine!!!
hmmmmm          just another manic monday       
"is baking brownie with two big helpers,  waiting patiently to licking the bowl!"
"there is a fight to win, by not fighting     "
 smile 
"ok its been two weeks now, i am so over being sick       sad "
is trying to bring her heart rate down to normal again      after having a scare of my life      thank you lord!!!
"3 1 2 <propmale> felt like 9  this morning     but its all over, time to go have that big bowl of icecream i have been craving!!! <propmale> road     yumm   "
"happy, happy, happyy      happppppppyyyyy  smile "
my favorite time of the year is here     fall!!
 smile 
i like me      smile 
"feeling like a <propfemale> this morning       my sons    made breakfast, and served me in bed       smile "
happy diwali       smile 
go texas long horns!!!
catching up on my missed episodes of dirty jobs     
wonderful weather for a warm bubble bath & a glass of wine
"dancing to some indian tunes with my sons, while waiting for lunch to be ready!"
"it\s snowing!!! hipeee yayyy"""
12-15 inches!!! bring it on       since we've nowhere to go    let it snow     let it snow!
"is super excited!!!!! i have in my hands, tickets for the redskins vs cowboys game    smile "
"it's so hard to turn off the cravings for sweets and junk food, after throwing caution to the wind over the holidays      "
resolutions season     yay     sad   never seen the  gym this full    
"sending courage, strength and faith to the people of haiti… "
"i want ur ugly, i want ur disease    lady gaga    cant't get this song out of my head   lol"
"so, <propfirst> proudly bought  two  t-shirts for the boys      and i  am ifffy about letting them wear it       it says \lock  up your daugthers\""     lol"""
frustrated   lost    
so not looking foward to 36 inches  of snow this week end     surprise 
"wow, this is scary crazy    another 8 to 15 inches of snow!!!!! on top what we already had  sad        talk about cabbin fever       "
the scenery outside is breathtaking!!  smile 
i hate cooking    
today was a great day       smile 
"there come a time in your life, when you must stop procrastinating, or waiting for all the ducks to be lined up perfectly before you make your move  instead become proactive, put all your eggs in one basket, give it to god, and confidently take on the uncertainties that come your way  for me, that time is now!"
"i have the <propfemale> simpson hair do right now,   lol   30mph wind   "
"there are few things in this world that i can’t imagine my life without      one of those is music     smile  treating my self to some west indian chutney right now…   and my kids say, i am acting weird again… lol…"
ahhhh    coffee     i swear i  just saw a unicorn went into my living room!    smile 
"when one sees god in everyone, then the line of caste, color, rank, race, and religion, cease to exist "
"its so nice; my sons are starting to get my sense of humor,     this morning when they came into my room and said good morning mommy,  sleepily, i replied; go away    they giggled and climb into my bed    huggggs   then i heard    i love you mommy, you always say silly things!       more huggs,    + kisses      smile "
"i have devised an evile plan! (insert evile laugh here)     so evile, i can't believe i didn’t think of it before      but i tell you      tonite      tonite, i will go to bed early!!!! uhuhaha…  uhahaha    jesss    jesss, i know i am an evile genius!   lol…zzzzzzzzz"
"taking my two most favorite guys to see the circus today, can't wait to see their cute little faces light up!!!    its a suprise   "
",3"
"???  this little light of mine, i'm gonna let it \sssinne\"" ???"""
"is having one of those days… traffic jams     road block    detour     full parking lots!!      climbing uphill wearing heals    no time for lunch     really, what's next    bring it   lol"
is feeling pretty good after a nice refreshing 3 <propmale> jog on this beautiful spring morning    hope you all have a great day ? ?  smile 
"three une playful ected hours at the vet,     a long <propmale> later     and still dont know what's wrong with my poor mia mia   sad "
rain rain go away jumbie pickey ah marrid ah bush   lol
"dear god, i know <propfemale> is learned not <propmale>ed, but, could you please just go ahead and <propmale> me mine!!! son you cannot bring that worm in the house, and no, we are not keeping it as a pet    and no i don’t think it’s cute!"
i think i might need a little extra  somethin somethin in my coffe this morning to wake me up    smile 
lovin de weather  smile 
thanking god for the wind beneath my wings………    love  love  my maa  love  love 
blank ke de blank   beep   bbeeepppp    beep #@$@
going on a chicken hunt!
is it friday yet!!  
"yep, <propfemale> is a b!@#chhhh, lets watch as <propfirst> der sloot try to wiggle his way out of this one again   "
is feeling a little down    
is at baltimore inner harbor soaking up the sun    smile 
"jeeszz <propfemale>, what a scorching hot day    ugggh!!!"
"needs a new pair running shoe, any advice on a good brand fb friends?"
"when life gives you a 100 reasons to cry, show life that you have 1000 reasons to smile "
germany    get some!!!!   
"had a great week end    faced my fear of water and conquered it, went into a pool and was actually learning to swim, fear free!   all thanks to my best friend    thank you     smile "
noooooo germany!!!!  sad 
is happy    smile 
feeling very irritated this morning    andela    andela   or bumpp   bummp    bumpp   
"sometimes not getting what you want, is a wonderful stroke of luck    "
"its so hot, the cows are producing evaporated milk     "
"today's not so bad, however, the birds are not taking any chances, they are dipping their worms in gatorade    lol   "
"watching \man verses food\""       man i want to throw up for that guy      he will have a heart attact soon    """
"at the dc zoo, looking for the right size cage     smile "
"shark week is definitely not helping with my open water phobia, but i can’t stop watching     smile …   shark week bites!!"
"sadly, if we are not confident about our choices, we can easily let other peoples's comments make us feel guilty and ruin the joy we need to e playful erience in life through doing the little things that mean a lot to us  "
is enjoying a day at the beach with de fam   smile 
busch gardens here we come!
"tried some \zumba\"" this morning and loved it!"""
"have tons of laundry to do, but,  for some  unknown reason my dryer is not producing any heat  sad   help anyone?"
please zzzzz monster get me     ugh mind wide awake
please zzzzz monster get me     ugh mind wide awake
please zzzzz monster get me     ugh mind wide awake
"wow, i guess my sons got hold of my phone and updated my status for me all day long    lol    got to love them love  love "
 smile 
"first day back to school! my two kinder garden graduates, are proudly off to conquer the first grade now "
feel like i just bought air for another month   breathe    breathee   
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies, they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship  repost if you have one true friend  they will know who they are"
"lemma guh chunkeyy meh dhall, fore meh man beat meh rass wid de <propfemale> na   lol"
"**alert** new virus on fb using your pictures  it says you have been tagged in a picture & wants you click on a link to see it, then hacks into your computer & all your accounts, including banking & other secure accounts  it destroys your computer  once hacked into yourcomputer, it sends e-mails to your          friends telling them they have been tagged in pictures & starts the process again *please re-post* "
is  was wondering what was going through that little chimpmonk's mind as he she stood up n just froze in the middle of the road     
shushi for lunch =  smile 
am i the only person who have not bought something on e-bay?
"i feel very blessed     i have some really wonderful women in my life      mother, sisters, & friends    love "
can i borrow a pony holder from some one please    grrrr
had a blast at october-fest with my boys yesterday! can still my head going around    smile 
"watching the hangover for the millionth time, and still laughing hard for a millionth time  "
is diging deep at the gym  
don't know where to start from today    so much to do with a weak body on the verge of the cold or fever   sad 
"y\4 u 2 b u\4 u 2 b 1\\2 c y u r\y r u 1\\b n 4 t 2 c -"
off to start off my sunday with a relaxing morning jog   
is at arlington's planetarium  smile 
"so, i told my sons that it's time for them to pick up all of their toys lying around in the living room  one of the smarty pants, brought out a calculator, crunch some <propfirst>    then declared, that according to his calculations they toys in the living does not belong to him      hence no tidying up for him  lol"
boo!!
yay!! finally time change    soooo looking  forward to my extra hour in de mornings     zzzz  
"happy veteran's day to all the heroes of our country, thank you for your service "
oh my dear coffee    how you light up my mornings  smile 
walking on a street where no one turned on the lights         i found the switch
?? albakerki is a turkey   ? and she wobbles    ? and she gobbles  ? and she's absolutely mine??  happy turkey day  smile 
left eye jumping like crazy   
holy cow! can't feel my fingers
is enjoying a nice bowl of homemade chili for dinner
waiting in line 2 c <propfemale>
"<propfemale> christmas everyone! hope you create cherished memories      i'm having a wonderful morning so far, the look on my sons face was priceless, and just as shocked as mine that <propfemale> visited!!! on top of that we're having a white-ish  xmas morning   "
"why, when you're trying find something, it's always found in the last place you looked???    grrrr"
left overs night yah yah!  a mommy don't have to cook night hurray hurray!!
147 virus and counting! damn nortons    sad 
lmao american idol!
"o:k     i need to go back to bed, take a moment to wake up properly and try this again     instead of pouring coffee creamer into my cup, i poured  ground coffee, then fill my cup with some more fresh brewed coffee      thank god i woke up just in time before  deciding to take my first sip  lol"
ah feeeel good  
it's going to be a bright sun shinny day!
"i made it through the <propmale> phase,(thank god) through the <propmale> the builder phase, through the buzz lightyear, through the spider man spree,( by a hair) now if i can make it through <propfemale> wars leggos, it would be awesome   boys   my sons woke me up at 6 this morning, to remind me that i promised they could play the <propfemale> wars on the wii this week end  \well mommy it's the weekend\""  got to love em """
happy  7th birtthday to my two wonderful sons!!!  love  love 
