1f6679dc46e3e4f54811b306606762d5
damn i miss you       lol how did we end up here?????? wow how depressing!!!!!!
i am happy and content!!!!!!!!
ok today a new day and i am looking forward to whatever challenges or blessings that may come my way!!!!!!!
i went to church today     it was great      lol i realized that i am juss lookin' for friendship right now and maybe it will lead to other things!!!!
"i had the best time last night with a good friend lol       i mean she tried to act like she don't kno about shooting pool , but she ran dat game on me     good times!!!!!! can't wait to see you again!!!! back to school today!!!!!"
juss out of class and the it is so boring     well time to study and get dem braids done!!!!!
so rude!!!!!! that is all i can say for now     
i am bored     
i am so bored
i have a long day ahead of me!!!!! no time for games this is intense!!!!! being single leaves me with a lot of time on my hands!!!!! lol
damn i am blastin' that jodeci     i am so relaxed juss got out of school!!!!! foever my lady lol i kno she out here somewere <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
i am fucking done wit every fucking body    this includes fam friends and everybody in the middle!!!!! if i do not talk to you please do not talk to me or dial my fucking number!!!!!
i juss woke up and i have a long day ahead of me!!!!!! lots of studying!!!!!
"ok i am suppsed to be studying but i am bagin' it slow right now!!!!! jodeci siad, you got to beg ,but i am juss gone be me and let my swag get it done!!!!!"
i got lots of tats!!!!
taking down the braids      
"on a perfect day i kno that i can count on you(talking to you makes me smile) when that is not possible, can you stand the storm (what if we do not always agree) cuz i want somebody who will stand be, so tell babe can you stand the rain? lol!!!!"
i juss got a b+++++ on my mid-term i went beast mode       we had 2 hours to finish and i got done in 7 <propfemale> 51 sec       ain't nobody fuckin' wit me and you already kno dat pimpin'!!!!!!
this is a new day and i am ready to start it off right      i am so blessed lol bout to do the unthinkable stay tuned fb this is deep!!!!!!!
"i’m a need counseling i lost my mind and still haven’t found it i used to be so well-rounded but now i tiptoe on hell’s boundaries g  baby a k a  crazy trapped in a maze, therefore i am amazing block e the doc, i’m just a patient and even with navigation i’m lost on a…"
"lets chill    like zero below  had to introduce her to my hero below  not a waste of time says my <propfirst> muller  and we could swim around  and just drown in the cooler  baby we could chill like  ice im the jeweler  wrap around your ass like a bracelet or a hula     hoop!  the group   is young mula  but theres another subject,  see right now im tryna budge into your situation, girl im like a mental patient"
"fb this is juss another day to be open to every positive force in your life      let go of the negative  we all have the potential to be great, so why not be just that, fb i am loving life, aquarius run this town 2012, this is my time and now is the time for greatness so get in were you fit in and live this blessed life (mr solitaire20**012) !!!"
fb it's the morning and i woud like to say hello to the world     you can be that shining <propfemale> juss let the positive forces flow into your life and it is that siimple fb there is something in the universe that wants us all to live a wonderful life take time out to say three positive things about you and three about someone else and observe how you feel at the end of the night!!!!!!
"i am so happy fb, so much is going right for me, i am juss surrounded by  positive energy  i juss want everyone who i consider to be close to me that i love you and allthat good stuff!!!!"
i am happy beyond measure lol people do not kno the influence they hold until the they see the final results  i ponder what will come of the most caring person i have ever met we soon shall see fb        
"life is what you make of it fb     nothing has to be complicated       stay positive and hopeful and things will run smoothly, juss believe me i am a living witness!!!!!"
bonza <propfemale>!!!!
not juss a fb status afterall    careful what you say and do things always come back to you boo!!!!!!
??? ?? ???
<propfirst> <propfemale> urit <propfemale> - bet - ayin
sources inform me that this was not a staged fight but better put a freestyle to what each individual was feeling at the time        more fb news when we return            lmao!!!!!! don't miss out     
"so i juss passed my final fb, i am making great strides when it comes to the concerns of my educational career       this is only the start of a never ending journey, with promising success and ecouragement for my future in the legal field!!!!!"
"i got an a+ on my speech ,which is to be e playful ected      i am ready to move on from this thug, bad boy college student image and advance my status on the political arena       it is time for the youth of indianapolis to become more involved in the concerns of  the indiana government system!!!!!!"
it is time for me to do some execises       lets get in shape and in touch with our higher self for better health and positive energy flow!!!!!!!
"fb stay positive and hopeful when it comes to the subject matter of your personal goals, it is when it seems things are at the worst and you can not continue any longer, when you are at the door of accomplishing your goal!!!!!! the best is yet to come       "
"(i gotta woman) please fb juss listen to the song i have posted it is by j-foxx and babyface         juss so inspiring       god, buddah , muhammud????? how did you come up with love damn, i love my woman!!!!!!!"
anybody in the mood for a lucky ciggarett? (?_?_?(???????????(?_?_??????l??u??c??k??y?????_?_ ?_?() ??
today i am 20!!!!!! thanks to everyone on fb who remembered and sent me thoughtful messages two decades in counting i  love  my life!!!!!!!!! remember fb be positive in all the you do        
"were is my supewoman? she said i was her roc and called me superman          truth be told superman is notthing without his superwoman        even if you are a million <propmale> away i could still feel you in my bed near me, touch me, feel me         if there is a way to make it without you i do not want it (i love this song) have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart heart-broken  ?"
"laughing at fb         now this is going to be funny later on  ; )        job interview today ,hopefully i land it!!!!!!!"
"today is going to be a good day filled with adventure,last night and the night before was great,wish it didn't have to end!"
"my bestfriend is beyond coo,we had a good talk,well off to bed,this was a good day ,going to sleep in heaven!"
"you never know,who is watching or who still cares deep down,so treat people with respect and kindness, i love my life and all the ones close to me in it, today is a good day and i am ready for whatever where is my best friend?"
"i am going out with my hommie laquantis <propmale> tonight, ready for whatever, where is my bestfriend at?"
"why can't every night be fireworks? good day today,but lots of old memories crowding my mind,juss going to do my hw and go to sleep in heaven "
"today is a good day, i love this life,heaven is now,but hell prevails! stop just existing and start living your life,because you will find heaven was never in the sky,but in you and the way you live!!!!!!!"
i see a difference in you and in me          love  where my bestfriend at? today is a good day!!!
"jillians,motorcycles,music,dancing,fun, puertorican rum,finally slight hangover, but it is all good,last night was the greatest         what will i be getting into today? o yeah and where is my bestfriend at when i need her,smh!!!!!"
"yea i want a real relationship   but that dont mean ima fuck everybody until i find that! its not a crime to want more out of a woman then some sex! so no im not going to fuck u ! cuz i feel like what i want will come to me and until then i got money ,school and thats all i need!    real recognize real and my niggas is gon feel me on this and if not then shit im coo "
"i am in class: business communication, now this should be fun!!!"
do you wanna know a secret?
"didn't i tell you what i believe       did somebody say that a love like ours wont last    didn't  i give you all i have to give ba-bay       \this is no ordinary  love \""  (<propfemale>')"""
i will forgive everything you done      and i would die for you!!!! what does that make me?
"guess what facebook i <propfemale> now the co-host of an online radio show called \guess what!!!!\"" tune in for a <propmale> to win a hundred dollars!!!!!"""
call in for a <propmale> to win 100 dollars (323) 679-0913
call (323) 679-0913 at 11 pm tonight for a <propmale> to win 100 dollars 
"call in show starts 11 smile 0 call for a <propmale> to win 100 dollars 323-679-0913\\be on the radio!!!!!!"
(646) 47 surprise 660 call in and give a shout out to anyone!!!!! the show starts in 20 mintues
call in and give a shout out (646) 47 surprise 660 the show is on 
"show is over you can still listen to it though          right below is the play button,just click it and listen "
"serenity ent  will be guest hosting \guess what\"" tonight is going to be live        tune in !!!! you don't want to miss it """
the call in number for the show is  (323) 679-0913  tune in and listen 12 surprise 0 am
call in now i am on the air        323- 679 -0913
miss the show tonight     that is ok       just click the blog talk box below and listen      i t was great!!!!
light skinned vs  dark skinned party hosters will be guest hosting tonight from 10-11 pm tune in!!!!!
light skinned vs  dark skinned party hosters will be guest hosting tonight from 11-12 pm tune in!!!!!
"my show, \light skinned vs  dark skinned\"" on \""greg flyego\"" is airing 09 07 2010 on blogtalkradio  see the details and set a reminder at http annoyed  tobtr com s 1249310  rsvp to my facebook event: http annoyed  www facebook com event php?eid=159173010763982"""
call in now tell us do ya shout out 1 (646) 47 surprise 660
"mook trilltight <propfirst> jus wanna thank you and your team show showing up and out on the \dropbox\"" radio show light skinned vs  dark skinned this sat at isu!!!!!"""
"my show, \a o   & the party guru's\"" on \""illuminated watcher\"" is airing 09 08 2010 on blogtalkradio  see the details and set a reminder at http annoyed  tobtr com s 1251722  rsvp to my facebook event:"""
there will be a show tonight!!!!!!!
"it is going to take a lot of energy,and dedication,i am not giving up,i am blessed to have my own show,but i want to be a brand!!!!!"
"my show, \paperroute 3 interview with hip-hop artist paperboy\"" on \""illuminated watcher\"" is airing 09 15 2010 on blogtalkradio  see the details and set a reminder at http annoyed  tobtr com s 1263420  rsvp to my facebook event: http annoyed  www facebook com event php?eid=152532491433598"""
call-in number: (646) 47 surprise 660 the show is on right now call in and give a shout out!!!!!
call in now we on the air       give a shout out!!!!!!!!!!!  call-in number: (646) 47 surprise 660            we are looking for a new female cohost!!!!
what should i talk about on tonights show???
"i didn't know forever could be so short          i love you bro, sometimes i want to be selfish and have you here with us,but the creator needed you somewhere else  r i h  lil <propfirst> coefield! 87-10"
black women you are being tricked into believing that you do not need the black man      
no longer wasting my time 
"i am a real man, as real as they come,women if a man is willing to give you his all, do not hisitate to do the same in return  i now know i deserve better!!"
"the black woman is god, and she is so outt sync with herself  please wake up black woman into who you truly are  give back the pedastoll and take your thrown!!!!!!"
"if you could have just one wish granted, what would it be?"
"i feel a financial breakthough comming, and the show is not over "
"i want to tell all you facebook people that i will be on indianapolis fox59 news at 10 tonight dicussing my discrimination case, so please tune in and show support!!"
"i want to tell all you facebook people that i will be on indianapolis fox59 news at 10 tonight dicussing my discrimination case, so please tune in and show support!!"
i will be on the radio tommorow talking about my case 
i am at home bored 
i believe in you and me!
i see the sun at midnight        
this be the lil sister hackin in the big bro fb          love you bro but we dont love these bitches hahahahahahaha money on my mind
"news flash: ladies juss cuz you used to dealing with dumb ass men thoughout your life does not mean all men are stupid some of us do use our brains to think and not juss our sex organ, i am one of them  ladies please get a clue!"
"back to the basics, if you find you not on my friendslist any more after today, do not request me again, i am getting all negative people out of my circle starting now,may juss delete my entire <propfemale>!!!!"
you should have a travel agent cuz you a trip!!!
"bro please come visit me in my dreams tonight, i miss you like crazy man, r i h \i can not even think straight man,it still hurts that you was taken from the family "
please click the link below and sign this petition 
i got a new tat last night and it is big!!
"if someone is always looking for the worst in you, just that they may have reason to leave or uses what you say against you for bad, or even takes the things you or saying to someone else that maybe negative,that person does not want to be around and it is best you let them go for your best interesrt!!"
"pain, hurt, deception, confusion, distrust for the world!!"
"damn you chemtrails, and the weather changers, hopefully i will feel better "
"i look in your eyes and i can see we've loved so dangerously you're not trustin your heart to anyone you tell me you're gonna play it smart we're through before we start\but i believe that we've only just begun when it's this good, there's no saying no\i want you so, i'm ready to go through the fire, to the limit, to the wall\for a <propmale> to be with you sad haka"
"them that's got shall get\them that's not shall lose\so the bible said and it still is news\mama may have, papa may have\but god bless the child that's got his own\that's got his own\\:billie"
"go to hell this is god engineering, this is a hail <propfirst> pass,ya'll interfering,he without sin shall cast the first stone,look in the mirror and double cheack ya'll appearance!!"
"girls, there’s something wrong with me ,every time i’m alone with you ,you keep talkin’ ‘bout you lovin’ me  hey, babe, your foreplay just blows my mind, so why don’t we stop all the talkin’, girl ,why don’t we stop wastin’ time, i’ve had my share of lovers ,some say i’m damn good ,and if you think you can turn me out  baby, i wish that you would!!"
"it happened so suddenly i woke up one morning with you on my mind no matter what i did couldn't stop thinking about you wanted instant replay of yesterday \i'm under your spell i don't want to break free you can make a slave out of me i worship you and nobody else i pledge my love to you forever  annoyed abelle"
"interesting night, well just chilling for now, i just have to say i love my life "
"like this:good morning fb, my challenge for everyone is take time to think for yourself about anything just for 5 <propfemale>  without the help of the media, family, friends, or religion dictating to you what you should think or what decisions to make "
"well off to work on this case, then it is off to school, wonder what fun i will into today         to be continued lol"
"i am up and ready to start my day, time to work on this case, then off to class, i am one of the most busy people i know, but i chose this life and i love it "
"i will be on fox59 news tonight with my stroy, tune in, it airs at 10 pm!!!"
watch fo59 tonight @ 10      i will be on there with my story!!!
"i e playful osed bad lawyers, watch the story covered by fox59       it is on my profile!!!"
"our last drink together was <propfemale>, and you passed out on my couch lol,as it is the dawning of your birth,my dear brother may you always be remembered by those who love you most,my apologies to those who have felt the wrath of the darker side of my being,may you all please forgive me!! love you always <propfirst> 3rd l i h "
"she was raised in illinois, right outside of chicago, some  of the best cooking you ever had, but when that womans fed up         r kelly!!"
"today was the last day i spent with my brother when he was alive i'm thankful that he choose me to be his only brother in this life, yet i am extremely saddened by today  sad "
this is the <propfemale> of a new day and i will be seated at the right hand of the father 
"glad to be back in class, ready to get this over with for the day!!"
i have completed all of my seasons shopping!!
i do not do well with fake!!
"masturbate: to munipulate the genitals into sexaul arousal until one achieves orgasm!!  well that was the word of the day brought to fb by me, defined by me and inspired by a question !! what is your word?"
"i can love you with my hands tied,stop asking if i know what real love feels like!!!"
"i past my class , i am so happy this part is over , it was such a task filled course fill, with many challenges,well it is on to the next one, but i think i will break until the 4th!!!! giving a shout out to well me hahhahaha,knowledge is power is such bs, applied knowledge is power  love "
"answer this fb:is it possible to be friends with an ex  after 4 years of relationship, and starting a new one with a new person? thanks all for the reponse!!"
well my break is over it is back to school and i am ready !!
i am about to go to the <propfirst> back after a while nap!!! hahahaha tanzania sims  do not be upset bay!!
who is better than me no one?!
i am at the school with no classes today             i need to get outta here!!
if someone tells you who they are from the beggining listen fb please believe them because when emtotions get involved it can be hard to let go of something you know is so wrong  (gotta keep movin' no time for second thoughts)!!
"if i was not growing from this and becomming more of a man than i am now i would not be in this situation ,and i would move forward with life but i do feel growth happening!!"
"no he does not respect you when you showing ya ass on fb, you say you juss dancing but you got your ass all out , beauty does not mean showing off your goods, leaves no mystery for him,he can bascially dry fuck you on the dance floor,always remember players only love you when they playing, but overall you playing your self!"
does a real man talk about their feelings and emotions?
what does a good man do for his woman fb?
what do most men want from a woman fb?
what would you do for a million dollars fb?
all day long i will be sharing some of my most favorite musical hits brought to facebook via: my youtube channel!!!!!
"laughing at <propmale> <propmale> , you are silly man,          you know i got ya back hommie, stop crying jk, hit me up when the game is over and we can meet up and smoke!!"
"i hope these birthday greetings keep comming thoughout the day because they bring me good happiness it is such a joy to reach 21 because so many have not made it, tanzania sims you have been an amazing force in my life and i thank the creator for your existence each day ,  and bro i know you look down on me and i hope i make you proud r i h <propfirst> e  coefield!!!!"
