936184f7edd095537f614f965c4a8037
"my smile was taken long ago, if i could change i hope i never know   "
y add someone if you dislike them??? sounds a bit reverse stalkerish to me  hmmm    what's worse than enemies?? fake ass friends!!
lust is a demon disguised as the angel of love
don't fuck with people that can fuck harder than you!!
"if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragragh on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you"
my first day as a new mommy to my boggle puppy    sabin <propmale>!!!
"okay, so i didn't stick with sabin <propmale>    his name is now solo <propmale> "
"my smile was taken long ago, if i could change i hope i never know   "
"i licked a football player on my car, cuz that's how i roll  lmmfao!!"
if the phone doesn't ring    it's me 
if the fone rings    it's not me 
"the devil's agents may be of flesh and blood, may they not?"
a liberated woman is one who has sex before marriage and a job after 
the last thing i want to do is hurt you  but it's still on the list 
"light travels faster than sound  this is why some people appear bright \until you hear them speak "
fighting for peace is like fukin' for virginity 
"just remember   if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off "
"knowledge is power, and power corrupts  so study hard and be evil "
flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss
"<propfemale> doesn't come with <propmale>, she comes with gi joe--she fakes it with \<propmale>"
great minds    same gutter   
"great minds, same fuckin' gutter   "
i'm not a tease--teases make promises they don't keep  i'm a flirt--i make no promises at all!
i'll bbl    my body aches and it's hot in this room    i'ma go rest and watch the csi marathon for a bit    ciao!!
i'm not shy    i'm studying my prey   
is having many issues
"in my fucking nightmares, leave a message    "
remember the ones who care    not the ones who stare   
i began thinking and quit dreaming   
"fired    u do not pass go, and u do not collect 200 dollars  prick "
feel's for those who have no heart    because i'm that strong and have enough heart for them to have a piece of it to take with them   
"a life worth living, is a life lived for others "
"to hope, and not be impatient, truly is to believe "
      our pleasures in this world are always to be paid for      
"however beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results "
never have i came upon any of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking   
"don't find the time to cry for me, don't find the words to speak for me, don't find the nerve to feel for me, just get the fuck away from me"
our pleasures in this world are always to be paid for     my theory adds that our disappointment's are always to be paid for as well   
"a few wise words from me to you guys    go for the advice from a fortune cookie    e g  \listen to everyone  ideas come from everywhere \""; then read your horoscope a couple hrs later    \""today financial losses seem likely if you listen to the advice of \""others\""  point made for the moment being   """
"honesty is for the most part, believe it or not, less profitable than dishonesty   "
"we are all tainted by the one we call satan many times in our lives, for this earth lies held in the sweaty palms of the wicked one    god gave us his one and only begotten son who shed his blood and died on the cross for our sins; past, present & future    he also gave us free will, it is our will to be able to choose the path that our immortal soul will inevitably be surrendered to    righteous or evil "
a liberated woman is one who has sex before marriage and a job after    
"okie dokie, who want's 2 poke me??"
yay!! one poke down     only god know's how many more are to come   
"oh, i'm sorry  i forgot i only exist to you when you need someone something "
"i may look calm    but in my mind, i've already killed u three times in the last five minutes   "
"an \ex\"" is called an \""ex\"" because it's an example of who you shouldn't go for again in the future """
"ever look at your ex and just think, \was i drunk our whole relationship?\"""""
"i have 194 ppl whom i accept their friend request's, yet, out of all those ppl, only one of them talked to me on a constant basis  she now lives with me, i couldn't have asked for a better friend in the whole entire world, she makes up for ev1 of u who claims to be my \friend\""    yet it's still sad that i still care about all of u and in my mind am still your friend and will always be here when u need someone """
"i think it's about time to do a little spring cleaning    n e one in my friends have 24hrs to tell me whether ur stayin' or not    if i hear nothing, don't take it personal, but u'll be deleted    sorry, but i feel like someone who went to the pantry and has too many canned goods that i'll never use  deuces y0y0'z!!!"
don't you hate it when you go in the closet to get a coat and all you can find is narnia?
"beautiful, single, free to flirt  wanna fall in love    don't wanna get hurt    so that pretty much tell's me right there i'm shit outta luck    j s lmfao! ,,l,,"
"beautiful, single, free to flirt  wanna fall in love    don't wanna get hurt    so that pretty much tell's me right there i'm shit outta luck    j s lmfao! ,,l,,"
behind every paranoid chick    there's a cockhole behind her that made her that way     werd!!!
actual headline: typhoon rips through cemetery; hundreds dead
"i'm not ignoring you, i'm waiting to see if you'll make the effort    for once!!"
"i don't hate you, it's just    i dislike you severely    http annoyed  chatter com a lkzzz?ref=nf"
i suffer from amnesia    do i come here often??
"knowledge is realizing that the street is one-way, wisdom is looking both directions anyway"
is it just me or does everything seem funnier when you're supposed to be quiet?
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music 
i don't suffer from insanity  i enjoy every minute of it 
"\get psycho!!\"""""
i don't suffer from it    i enjoy every single minute of it     wink 
"i'm not ignoring you, i'm waiting to see if you'll make the effort    for once!!"
just ask    i just might tell you   wink  http annoyed  lnk ms fgfrg
"q: would you be offended if i said i want    a: yes, very offended : http annoyed  lnk ms dlpt0"
"q: if you had a kid, what would you name    a: if i had a girl her name would be lili   : http annoyed  lnk ms dlq1w"
q: what's your favorite band that you've    a: deftones would be the only one out of    : http annoyed  lnk ms fgfns
if u could invent anything in the world    off the top of ur head    what would it be??? http annoyed  lnk ms fgg4k
"q: are you a hair puller, back scratcher,    a: d  all of the above!! lmfao!!: http annoyed  lnk ms dlqzk"
i didn't fall on the floor    i attacked that motherfucker with my face!!!
"i love blogger    if you like to write, i believe you'll love it too  so check it out!!\ http annoyed  somekindofbeautifultragedy blogspot com "
      all our pleasures in this world are always to be paid for 
emus & kangaroos can't walk backwards   <wbr  > http annoyed  fubar com ~5c3z9
the true triumph of reason is that it enables us to get along with those who do not possess it  http annoyed  fubar com ~5c5jj
uh oh!! on air again??? cum check it    http annoyed  fubar<wbr  > com lounge <wbr  >71194 http annoyed  fubar com ~5c6ov
why do you sit there lookin' like an envelope with out an address on it?? http annoyed  fubar com ~5c71a
love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation<wbr  > of the species  http annoyed  fubar com ~5culy
there's a fine line between genius and insanity  i have erased this line  http annoyed  fubar com ~5cvwy
free custom calendars and tons more    take advantage of this exclusive 2-day sale just for you! save 50% - 80% off site-wide on your vistaprint purchase  http annoyed  vistaprint tellapal com a clk 1nt7c or e
there's a fine line between genius and insane    the difference with me is i've let that line blend in between the two   
fu q
break these walls- deuce & 9 lives
this one is blood on my hands- deuce    http annoyed  www mediafire com ?xs13c6c6ukl7htu
puahaha <propmale> burnham is the shit   
theme: use your inner knowledge to lead 
"for it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart  it was not my lips you kissed, but my soul "
"none of us are virgins, life screws us all!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5colf"
all the things that once were sin    are now diseases    http annoyed  fubar com ~5cp8f
bad bitchez?? alwayz on ur mind bitchez!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5cqwm
rockin' ur world @ carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar<wbr  > com lounge <wbr  >74513    cum play w me!!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5ctiy
rockin' ur world @ carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar<wbr  > com lounge <wbr  >74513    cum play w me!!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5ctn0
carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar<wbr  > com lounge <wbr  >74513; cum play with me    http annoyed  fubar com ~5cupv
"go to heaven for the climate, hell for the company  http annoyed  fubar com ~5cxyv"
come get lost with me     live @ carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar<wbr  > com lounge <wbr  >74513 http annoyed  fubar com ~5cyrx
come get lost with me     live @ carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar<wbr  > com lounge <wbr  >74513 http annoyed  fubar com ~5cyja
"\two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and i'm not sure about the universe \"" http annoyed  fubar com ~5d1qa"""
never take life seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway  http annoyed  fubar com ~5d1jy
come get lost with me    in the carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar com ~5d1mw
come get lost with me    in the carnival of sins    http annoyed  fubar com ~5d2o1
constipated ppl don't give a crap!!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5d35o
constipated ppl don't give a shit!!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5d35p
constipated ppl obviously don't give a shit!!! y the fuck should i?? http annoyed  fubar com ~5d35r
g-reg makes deuce look like a fucking cockwad!!! love you g-reg!!!
"constipated ppl obviously don't give a shit, so y should i??"
you would worry less about what people think if you knew how little they did    http annoyed  fubar com ~5d3nc
i didn't fall on the floor    i attacked that motherfucker<wbr  > with my face!!! http annoyed  fubar com ~5d4yo
"i may be an april's fool, but baby ur a twat all year round    hahaha"
"roses r red violets r blue, i'm schitzophrenic    hey me!! fuck u!!!"
everything that used to be a sin is now a disease 
dream as if you'll live forever  live as if you'll die today 
"put this as your status and see what color you get: red: i love you, pink: your cute, green: your funny  playful , white: i used to like you, yellow: your amazing, black: i miss you, blue: friends forever, purple: your hot, brown: your sweet, aqua: i want to be yours forever, gold: we should talk more"
"today can suck a cock, i h8 this bullshit life   "
"from an angel’s wings to a fallen <propfemale>, god makes everything but unbreakable hearts "
i have a very personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour  i know the ones that will!! think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer  my wish is that 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it for 1 hour? do it for all who have fought and who are fighting  i hope to see this in all the status of all my friends 
"ur so funny, the whole universe is laughing behind ur back   "
humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquillity  http annoyed  yearbook com a 17vze1?ref=nf
"aweee, thanx a bunch all that wished me a happy birthday    to be honest i almost forgot about it being my day today  i guess i'm not forgotten much so as i think i am sometimes on here, because you ppl didn't have to take notice to the fact that today was my birthday    so thank you all again   love much love love "
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it's a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression  will you leave it on your status for at least an hour? some won't, but it's depression awareness week and 1 in 5 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support "
a sensible man will remember that the eyes may be confused in two ways – by a change from light to darkness or from darkness to light; and he will recognize that the same thing happens to his soul
ni ni ev1    been a long day and i need the sleep   love 
 love the stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget  love 
"when we judge internally and externally, we suck out all light, good, and peace  the mirror reflects back  let go of judgment from self and others  accept what you see, feel, and hear  true acceptance equals true love "
"a fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool "
"alas, i am a woman friendless, hopeless!"
goodnight fbook   
the fool see's himself to be wise    a wise one know's they're a fool   
could we ever truly love someone or something if we've never e playful erienced some form of suffering pain? #hootsuite http annoyed  hootsuite com
"k, well i'm going to try to force myself to sleep before i do or say something by misunderstanding that i'll regret, since i have nothing else to do and no one to talk to    g'nite cruel fuckbook "
"please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the damn face  people who need a punch in the damn face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the damn face, except a punch in the… damn face  93% of people won't re-post this  why? because they probably need a punch in the damn face  just sayin!"
#watchithoe if you have keep having sex you'll die!! rofl jk    not really relating to 1 spef  person named <propfemale> davison
current mood status: not to be fucked with   
i have come to realize that diarrhea of the mouth is a direct side effect of outletting the toxins of spoiled interactions with humans from letting their bullshit affect your brain    
sometime's i think my medication's don't work    then i watch how everyone else react and talk on here    and i realize about 75% of the things i see online are more psychotic than i could ever dream of being    f'real tho    shit!
"the surgery is taking place @ 12 smile 0pm i will be leaving here @ 11 smile 0am so i can be there @ noon, i'm so nervous that my brain may not take the anesthesia an eleventh time, it doesn't help i've had 3 concussions from falling out during seizures within the last five months  my brain may not be stable enough for it    this is real life shit & it's happening to me constantly!"
bye guys    i'll have <propfirst> post a status on how it went when we get home    let's just hope i'm with him     love 
being apart from the ones you love the most is in it's self deadly    
"even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is "
"and she thinks to herself as she feels the pulse die out of her body    \this feels just like love \"""""
it's amazing how you're point of view can be changed within a matter of seconds because of someone's belief in your dreams     love  <propmale>  love 
it's amazing how your point of view can be changed when just one person believes in you  but it cut's like a knife when they rip away those beliefs because they find a flaw they don't like in you  it's horrible how easy it is for someone to care one minute and then forget about you the next    what happened to chivalry??
"it's you    you are the first thought in my head in the morning when i wake up; my last thought before i go to bed  you smile at me in my dreams    when you are sad, i feel sad, and when i see your true smile, i feel incredible   "
