7f6f19000786b541c6e69e156bcb4660
still thinks that guacamole is better on a sandwich than strait up avocado 
just got my sat back and made a 2000 
"rip mj   you may have been a weird guy, but you had awesome music   and you should have stayed black   either way, you will be missed   in other news, i made a 2000 on my sat "
has work today from 1 smile 0 to 5 smile 0   happy 4th of july   
last week of summer skool!!!!!!
"hmmm  the world is going to pot around us and all we as americans can concern ourselves with is the death of <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> fawcett, and <propfirst> mayes?????  pathetic "
is just really bored 
is walking down presidential classroom memory blvd  and missing it all   i can't wait until i go to dc later this summer   its time to go back home   
got a 4 on both my ap english and ap history tests!!!
"*tear* just realized that one year ago this week, i was at pc having the time of my life   reminiscing can be such a bitch "
cheated on locks with whitefish    and ya know what?  i don't care cause it felt good 
god   i wish my dad would stop flipping out about college 
"hahaha  for all you <propmale> potter fans out there, make sure to guard your wand from hogwarts when entering her chamber of secrets   god, i wonder how much hate mail im gonna get for this one   "
so i got <propmale>red a little earlier today and decided to copy all of my music from my main <propmale> to my mac<propmale>ok  used a cable and took like 10 minutes  only thing is i copied it wrong  tried to open all the files on the mac<propmale>ok  that happened 3 hours ago  not <propmale>
is in dc!!!! i be looking at colleges foo      god i need to change my profile pic   
is in boston looking at colleges   tufts down   bc and bu left 
done with boston colleges!!!!! tomorrow is tourist day and so is part of sunday- maybe   the rest of sunday is a secret   
"hit little italy and the boston commons today   mikes pastries on hanover is great  not too big into canolis though, but the daily catch across the street was amazing "
be driving to maine tomorrow to look at bowdoin   2 hours to go to a different state?!?!?! im used to 2 hours to only go to a different freakin city   
"got his taste buds <propmale> raped by some terrible food in brunswick, me   word to the wise, never go to freakin captain <propmale>'s by the usn air base in brunswick!!!!  gawd"
is in maine now  looking at bowdoin college today  yay  then heading home tomorrow  freakin hell no!!!!
took a shower and now i smell like coconut???
"im on a plane aaaand its going fast aaaand i got an aerial seeatbelt made in iran   i'm the <propmale> of the world on a plane like <propfirst>, if you on the ground then you sho not meyo   "
is home after a 12 day tour of east coast colleges 
wisdom teeth tomorrow 
i look like a chipmunk   the only question now is which one? chip? or <propfirst>?
is finally working on my summer reading essay   it's due on wednesday  yay for procrastination 
school starts tomorrow   lame 
be going to six flags tomorrow  woot!!
is most definitely gonna get wet
save presidential classroom!!!!!!
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=_3ffs5ftah4
is frustrated by the origin of judaism   it's the one of few religions whose founding can't be traced historically 
"be applying to claremont mckenna college tomorrow!!!!!!! and on a side note, hillsdale and <propfemale> in san <propfirst> as well    10 bucks to whoever guesses which one i most want to go to   "
cmc is in!!!!! wooooooot
"reading dracula while listening to 10,000 days by tool is amazing "
is so glad it's thanksgiving break
il est jour des douloere et soffrance a la magazine des mes parents   pardon mon pauvre francais 
"two things   happy sad however you wanna say it- <propfemale> harbor day   number two   try reading dracula while listening to tool's 10,000 days album   it's eerily fitting    and 100% awesome "
omfg!!!!! dracula just bit <propfemale>!!!!! hell no!
sent off my app to princeton   only got bowdoin and pomona left 
ahhh exams   
"if shenmue 3 <propfemale> comes out, i'm gonna be waiting at a freaking store for weeks on end just to buy it   don't know what i'm talking about? look it up  best game of all time"
just got back from the midnight showing of <propfirst> <propfirst>'s avatar   official best damn movie of the year!!!!!
"ever notice how the music we listen to seems to, in part, define our lives?  think about it   "
xmas in 2 days 
"hello 2011, so long 2010!"
hmmmm  moving in stereo by the cars is stuck in my head  odd   
woot   im legal for the draft now   yaaaaay!!!!!!
"woot   i'm legal for the draft now  yaaaaay!!!!!!  in other news, im gonna learn the sax solo for \turn the page\"" -<propmale> seger"""
"still legal for the draft, but now i know how to play the solos from \turn the page\"" and \""baker street\"" on my sax """
be wearing my fedora and lookin fly
got accepted into <propfemale> university   now i just have to wait for all the rest of em 
is back in <propfirst> after a killer weekend in san <propfirst> spent with the <propfemale> and the amazing afrotc guys   best weekend in 10 years 
just got accepted to hillsdale college in michigan 
super bowl and hw at the same time  ugh
hmmm  super bowl or homework   ?
go saints!!!!!!
snow!!!!!
"\our arrows    will blot out the sun!\""  \""then we will fight in the shade \"""""
is fighting in the shade 
"\i made it a practice to never e playful eriment on a species whose members knew calculus \"""""
got a 1 in tapps solo and ensemble and is now moving on to state  woot!!!
just finished interviewing with princeton 
so many songs are based on the idea of teenage angst   why is it that we as teenagers are so eager to embrace the darker recesses of humanity?
"1 day until the ball and im swamped with jsl crap and more homework than i can imagine   yes, even 2 days before springbreak "
springbreak!!!!
so the new <propfemale> in wonderland?  it's narnia    on lsd 
looking for a life-guarding job  any suggestions?
can't have the sci-fi without the artificial gravity   
curse you daylight saving's time!!!!
got accepted into rhodes college   cmc is next wednesday   can't really breathe until then 
"hahaha   today, i got the results back from a school-wide compatibility test   according to it, im not compatible with anyone at my school   figures "
blue wizard need <propfemale>   * red warrior hands him some green beer *
come on you sons of bitches! you wanna live forever?!?!?!
is going insane waiting for wednesday 
only 3 more days till i hear back from number one  the suspense is killing me 
welcome to the ussa   just guess what it stands for 
t-minus 24 hours 
bleh
hearing from princeton in a week   hope this goes better than cmc 
battlefield bad company 2 > modern warfare 2
boink!
hears back from princeton on thursday 
whatever happened to mc hammer?
princeton tomorrow   
cascarona wars!!!!!!
<propfirst>
sins of a solar empire = freaking awesome
got a 1 on his tapps state solo  woot!!!!
"the inherent flaw in the american democracy is the constant internal fight between two extremes; the democratic extreme of one to one representation, ultimately resulting in a marxist state where the individual owns the government; and the republican extreme of \x\"" to one representation ultimately resulting in a totalitarian state where one man controls the government """
band trip to memphis!!!!!
back from memphis and tired as hell 
i have come to believe that politics is simply the detrimental application of beneficial philosophies 
roller coasters are a perfect example of relative physics 
one more day of school  then ap's   
ap calculus today   if i don't make it out alive     everyone gets all of my possessions but they have to fight to the death for them 
mah!!! ap physics today 
dear god   ap physics was awful   
schooooooools out       for     summer!!!!!
i can honestly say that my love for history spawned from a <propfemale> to see boobs    thanks national geographic!
no law ever written is as powerful as cold steel 
is graduating in a few 
has left the building   thanks everybody and good night 
is stil alive  thanks glados!!
is learning to spin a butterfly knife open and getting good at it 
is in <propfirst> to watch the rangers game tonight   three roots for the home team!!
rangers vs  orioles  21 rows above home and in the goddamn center  hellez yea!!!!
rangers won 13 to 7 
so we got three americans who have been jailed in iran for the past year for hiking on the border and we do nothing to help them  sounds familiar  see iranian hostage crisis 
just finished watching hook and now i wish i were <propfirst> pan 
it's official   my dog looks like knuckles the echidna
it's official   my dog looks like knuckles the echidna
get on my horse and i'll take you round the universe
be guarding at the pool 
be not guarding at the pool
just finished half life 2 episode 2   god that was sad 
be hitting the trail foo!
i saw a deer on the trail foo!!!
bed and then running with <propmale> in the morning
be preping the food for the pizza tomorrow night
made pizza tonight for some of his bros from the pool   turned out amazing if i do say so myself   
sigh    another lonely monday night   
guarding from 1 smile 0 to 4 smile 0
i think we can put our differences behind us you monster 
finally got my new macbook pro running the way i want it to   took one short fathers day to mess it up and one long day of comp work to fix it 
be living it up at the hotel california
what is this? parents get pissed off at <propmale> for no apparent reason day?
"went running with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and a couple of girls, then swimming and breakfast   fifa party next and then lifeguarding   all in all a fun day"
im getting better   500 yard swim today and it took me like 11 minutes 
i can feel my man points draining away as i sit here and seriously consider watching twilight tomorrow night   
sometimes i wonder if anyone actually enjoys my company or if i'm just sort of like the elephant in the room 
meh   the last airbender was a fail 
i pose to you an interesting conundrum   what happens to a lactose intolerant woman when she's pregnant?
happy 4th everyone!
my name is guybrush threepwood  mighty pirate!
argg!  damn you swimmers ear!!!
100 degree fever  sore throat  throbbing head  and pain in my ears  i hate being sick!
"monkey island 2 is by far one of the best games ever created   the subsequent 3 sequels to it, while still good, lack that mysterious something that made the 2nd game so great "
it's official  bongos make everything sound like a spy movie   the good kind  like from the 60's and 70's   and that's a good thing 
5 on ap lit comp  and a 3 on physics and calculus 
"so if a wood<propmale> could <propmale> wood, and a wood<propmale> would <propmale> wood, how much wood should a wood<propmale> <propmale>?"
jesus   some kid decided that the pool was a great place for diarrhea   my dreams will be haunted for the next few days   
spin a top! i'm dreaming   
"the answer to the light-speed limit problem is quite simple  in order to travel faster than the speed of light, one must cease to exist in the physical sense so that you are no longer bound by the law of physics "
the sorcerers apprentice was probably the best disney movie i've seen since the original pirates of the caribbean
"yes, i am a physics nerd   if every molecule vibrates, creating what we know as heat or energy, that means that every molecule gives off a certain frequency, associated with that vibration  theoretically then it should be possible to determine a certain frequency associated with a certain molecule that may be able to entirely convert that molecule's mass into energy   say hello to travel at the speed of light "
"so as a tribute to my nerdness, i'm already planning on doing some offbeat retro game character for halloween   the only question is guybrush threepwood from monkey island 2 or jazz jackrabbit   "
yo <propfemale> people  i finished my homework  what topic did you guys choose?
atomic sushi and grill restaurant  does that mean they fly in fish from nagasaki daily?
"<propfirst> lohan (24) gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail  <propfirst> <propfirst> (23), <propfirst> lindey (29), <propmale> weikert (29), justus bartett (27), <propmale> <propfirst> (21), <propmale> <propmale> (21), <propfirst> <propmale> (26), <propmale> <propmale> (21), <propmale> fischer (24), <propfirst> <propmale> (23), <propfirst> goeke (23), <propmale> tate (27) and demarco marinaccio (23) all gave their lives for you this week  honor them and repost this "
hell  it's about time   
i do believe that i am over 9000 
   aaaaand i'm tired 
cleaning out my closet while nerding out to the starcraft 2 soundtrack   not quite sure if this is actually making it better or worse    
ya want a piece of me boy?
easy tychus  this ain't science fiction 
be ziplining foo!!!
here's lookin at you kid 
10 hour day at the pool
here's looking at you kid 
<propfirst> collings is awesome!
aaaaand i just got fb jacked  lovely   
if you don't get on that plane you'll regret it  maybe not today  maybe not tomorrow  but someday 
so i think i may have realized what my problem is when it comes to women  i'm so secretly afraid of doing something wrong that i end up not doing anything at all and hacking ppl off in the process 
bending space to travel from x to y would have the same effect as traveling from x to y at the speed of light  bending space would bend time in such a way to make time outside of the bend move faster than time inside te bend  thanks einstein 
just finished a few rounds of sc2 with an old friend  times are good 
is feeling that some of the good ol rat pack is in order 
campisi's and hamm's orchard peach ice cream   life's good
the science gets done and you make a neat gun for the people who are still alive 
all it takes to feel like a badass is a leather jacket 
t-minus 26 hours and counting 
"oh that day when you need your brothers and sisters to care, i'll be right there "
"hypothesis: what if space isn't actually a flat plane as we assume it to be  what if it's actually a sphere?  if light can bend space around it, then perhaps the very nature of space is a bent shape?"
san <propfirst> today!!!!!!!!
6 hour drive ahead of me  lovely
"it took 6 hours of driving, but i'm finally in san <propfirst> "
move in day!!!!
so i got skype now  alec trinity2014  add me
baker street and turn the <propfemale> solos are now mine  it's time to find a guy that does bongos and a smokey room 
almost done with nso   classes start thursday with an amazing schedule   mwf american politics from 10 smile 0-11:20 and medieval islamic history 11 smile 0-12:20  tr is the qur'an from 9:55 to 11:10 and intro to sociology from 11:20 to 13 smile 5   mix that with a 3000 level pass fail ir course and maybe some rotc and we wind up with heaven 
climbing murchison tower and officially starting my career as a <propfemale> student 
so why did the chicken cross the street?
at home in the best jazz club in san <propfirst> 
"my least favorite phrase in the constitution   the <propmale> of rights  \the congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation \"""""
working out with the rotc gang for a while  just got finished with lifeguarding orientation  will i even be able to wake up tomorrow for classes?  let's find out 
back from fencing  time for rotc workout 
football all day   jazz club all night 
"cade: what does this room smell like to you?\me: cheap fried food and man whore \cade: yeah, i thought so \me: aww crap, your roommate isn't around is he?"
"me: yea, co2 in the tires would make your bike lighter \cade: maybe a little, but i'm not that hardcore \me: yea, that's right  i'm guessing you still have both your genitals   if you get cancer and loose one of your testicles then you can go hardcore and bump up the psi in your tires by an extra 50 "
"and so ends labor day weekend  how do i know?  i just got slapped in the face by the cold, wet fish of reality "
so my international studies colloquium is now one of my favorite classes and totally makes up for the rest of tuesdays and thursdays
so i totally just saw a quail-man teeshirt and now all those saturday mornings spent watching <propmale> are flooding back to me
"one look around the campus and i am reminded why i'm busting my ass to get into rotc   it's so that i can protect my friends and family, the people i love and even the people i'm not too fond of, and allow them to live the lives they want to live   thanks to all my rotc buddies for constantly encouraging and pushing me to be better than i am now "
so does anyone want to go to schlitterbahn next weekend?
blacklight bowling
god bless those whose lives were stolen in a terrible act of violence   god bless our soldiers who have fought and who continue to fight and die so that what happened years ago will never happen again  we will never forget 
ugh   i've been studying all day and i'm still 11 pages of rough medieval islam away form freedom 
and i'm done with homework   finally
i'm gonna nerd out and post that halo reach is out in like one day 
lifeguarding: silent purveyor of the 10 o'clock at night chicken sandwich dinner    well    that and fencing 
hahahahahahaha  i just won a kilt!
jorrrrrrge!!!!!!!!
why does college rock?  freakin free nachos! that's why 
okay guys   i'm thinking laser tag today   you can thank <propfirst>'s rm for this idea 
laser tag!!!!
alright guys   it's homework day 
"i'm getting better with each step, each mile, each minute   i push and push until my body starts to bitch   and then i push even harder "
i can't believe that i thought that making a kilt would be easy   stupid me   
i propose that i will not shave my ridiculously manly beard until i complete my kilt   that beard 'o awesome-ness must accompany the kilt o' unquestionable manly-ness in the future facebook profile pic which will hopefully grace said website this weekend 
so i kind of learned how to make a kilt today   i should have a really good pic or two of me sporting it tomorrow at some point 
cause i'm too awesome for pants!!!!
kilts   because i'm too amazing for pants 
"hmmmm, what to do, what to do?"
some people are a <propfirst> sinatra   others a humphrey bogart   me?  i'm a bogart 
"during times of social change, an unstable society must rely on a stable institution in order to effectively establish itself in its new order   for almost all societies, this stable institution is the military and a large part of this new society is defined by how it interacts with the military "
"ehhhh, i'm outta things to say "
"\its rainin sideways!\""  \""do you have an umbrella?\""  \""had one\"" \""where is it?\"" \""inside out 2 hours away!\"""""
work at 5 smile 0 on a saturday?  the gods must be crazy 
"and now to <propfirst> <propmale> at the airport   \i\""m at the wrong airport\""  thanks <propfirst> """
figured i needed to update this   don't really know what to put on here though   
went to a college party last night  stayed for 10 minutes before i decided it was the lamest thing since dry white toast and left   theres just better things to do than getting wasted 
"oh god, all of those awesome games that sega created   i miss them so much   why did you have to go under sega?  and why did you have to prostitute sonic out to nintendo!?!?!?!?!?!"
why do people keep insisting that nascar is a sport?
central market at 9 surprise 0 while hungry is not a good idea   
just took the <propfirst> freed bales personality test   this thing was designed by a sociologist in the late 60's and can fairly accurately place my personality  it's nuts   im a upf personality type   look it up 
a 94 on my quran test?  i'll take it 
a 94 on my quran test?  i'll take it 
"it's official   \feeling good\"" by <propfirst> buble is my new favorite song   i've been listening to this for literally the past 4 hours straight   if you like big band swing check it out   totally worth it """
"dear <propfirst>, tx   your traffic is awful and your manners atrocious   you should redesign the streets because an hour and to get through that <propfirst> foxtrot you call a freeway is not acceptable and utterly ridiculous   \sincerely, a slightly traumatized citizen "
suck it yankees!
come on rangers   just need one more game 
suck it yankees!!!!!
"the true measure of a person can be determined by their acceptance of challenges and responsibility   most people accept neither and attempt to escape them in drugs, alcohol, and reality tv   those that do accept a good challenge and responsibility are the men of honor, integrity, and are the future leaders of the world   these are the people we should remember and \idolize\"" """
how many politicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
hehehe  sucks to be a yankee right now 
just saw a ferrari here on the <propfemale> campus 
fails to understand how the 2nd amendment fails to protect the possession of arms  it's pretty damn clear that a militia is necessary for ensuring a free state  and with that militia comes the possession of arms  no guns  no militia  simple as that 
watching <propfirst> of arabia   best   movie   ever 
the two most dangerous types of people are people with nothing to lose and people with everything to lose  they both act out of desperation in ways unpredictable and will keep fighting until their last breath 
"so long as the arabs subject themselves to the burden of their ancient and dated kinship system, they shall remain a little people  it has been shown that there are two things capable of uniting them  war and religion  the latter however, provides a schism almost insurmountable in modern times that can only be assuaged by the creation of a new religion  unfortunately, muhammed (pbuh) closed that door with his death "
bottom of the second  rangers up by two  debating whether or not to do homework   
"has come to the conclusion that all usmc drill sergeants sound the same   which is awesome   i should also mention that if they should ever need to retire, any one of them could have an amazing career singing for jazz bands "
"i would just like the world to know that according to my sociology textbook, almost all gypsy children in the czech republic are put into special schools for the mentally handicapped and that almost all of the students in these schools are gypsies   maybe borat's caricature of the ex-communist bloc countries wasn't all that farfetched   "
note to self: waking up 30 minutes before class = bad ganja
steak and game 2  come on rangers  you got this 
shit  i'm pretty sure my <propmale> just died  won't boot into <propmale>  just boots into windows   
so <propmale> update because i know that everyone is biting their nails right now    everything is fine and the comp is back up and running   yay for combined computer brilliance of me and my father 
<propmale> horror picture show   not quite sure what to e playful ect to be honest     and only slightly afraid for what little sanity i have left 
is no longer a virgin   thanks <propmale> horror picture show!!    not like that!
mmmm  calvert ghosts  thank you so much for disturbing my homework time in the library with your unfortunately flappy and flabby appearance 
mmmm  calvert ghosts  thank you so much for disturbing my homework time in the library with your unfortunately flappy and flabby appearance   i'm only slightly disturbed now   have fun raping the sensibilities of the rest of the campus!
"ahhhh  don't you just love those people that complain about something and then when you try to fix whatever they were complaining about, they make some lame excuse and stick their head in a hole in the ground?  i know i do!"
insert funny meaningful insightful wall post here 
"some people are willing to sacrifice any amount of themselves for acceptance   others refuse to bow to anyone that forces them to make that sacrifice   these are people that do not break, but instead bend, but only slightly   they do not ask for sympathy, but rather understanding  these are people of integrity and character  these are the leaders of our world and the protectors of the weak minded "
hmmmm  i wonder if it's possible to triple <propmale>   ?
i'm seriously considering trying to bring humans vs  zombies to <propfemale>     any thoughts?
"note to self  whenever doing research for a paper, make sure the book you just grabbed has all of it's pages and that there are more than 3 copies of it left in the world"
"not gonna lie, playing wing man for pramath last night at the coco lounge was possibly one of the funniest things i have ever done "
ahh sociology   thank you so much for ruining my weekend 
there is no blues like the chicago blues 
omg!! hello <propfemale>'s online adventure is real!  south park didn't just make it up!
"the thing that makes the original <propfemale> wars trilogy so awesome is a complete relate-ability to the characters   almost all of us can identify with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, c3po, r2d2, lando, vader, and dare i say it, even <propmale>- the little bitch- and those characters become our own   we internalize their struggles  we understand their emotions and their motives and we identify with them "
ugh  just now getting to sleep  having to take a friend to the hospital at 1 sure does get in the way
only slightly-comotose now 
let no man or woman forget the sacrifices made by our soldiers and veterans to protect our nation and society from tyranny and oppression 
"mmmmmm   weekend is almost here   on a slightly funnier note, last night was spent studying with the occasional break up provided by a guy, completely shwasted at 9 o'clock, stumbling around calvert   drunks   the court jesters of today   "
ahhh saturday     that's all i got 
"i will earn the respect of my friends and family  i will earn the right to call myself a soldier  and i will not break, and i will not bow until i have done so  i will earn my place in this world "
"i'm reading over material for the cuban missile crisis for my american politics course and i'm left wondering, how would history have been different if jfk hadn't been assassinated?"
"the tsar bomba  a soviet nuke tested in 1961   its original payload 100,000 kilotons, was scaled back to 50,000 kt for the test   it had a 5 mile blast diameter, a mushroom cloud 40 <propmale> high and 25 <propmale> wide, caused blast damage 620 mi away, and produced a shockwave measurable on its third trip around the earth   daaaaamn"
"one morning, i shot an elephant in my pajamas   how he got in my pajamas, i'll never know"
how is <propmale> seger not on itunes!?!?!?!?!?!  slimy bastards    
declare a writing emergency! i'm out of gum 
"what is it with sociology professors and always having beards and wearing jeans, a turtle neck sweater, and a grey jacket?  i mean, seriously, you want proof, just visit your local sociology department   it's kind of hilarious really   "
"despite overwhelming statistical evidence to the contrary, republicans still apparently hate science and want to limit it's progress  aren't stereotypes wonderful?"
"there are people in this world who think that we no longer live under the shadow of nuclear war   they are wrong  with the fall of the ussr, small factions arose with possible nuclear capability and with no restrictions on their use provided by a supporting populace or government "
watch out rotc  cause here i come!
yea toast!!!!!
how is it even possible to choose a winner in a columbian beauty contest?
"pokemon profile month?  meh, maybe for a bit "
"\you are to kittens what the angel of death was to first born male egyptians \""  -yours truly"""
heheh   3 days until yours truly joins up with afrotc 
i got 5 hours to finish a research paper for sociology  wonderful 
2 hours left and i'm roughly 70% done   why am i on facebook?    
be gone you foul research paper!!!! with 8 minutes to spare!! heyahhhh!!!!!
be joining up with rotc tomorrow!
"eh, so rotc and i had a misunderstanding   don't sign up till january 6th    bummer "
is playing monkey island 2 for like the millionth time  still amazing as ever 
"in calvert lounge, munching on jalapenos and studyin sociology "
so i don't have any finals until the 16th and i have a dollar on my meal plan   i'm bored and i can't buy food   college rocks right now!
why are cows so delicious?
my one and only study day  it's been a long time coming  in other news  taco taco  'nuff said 
it's really kind of sad being on campus when almost all of your friends are gone and you begin to realize just how much you <propfemale> out with em  awww god this is sappy  i miss you guys!
the new torn movie is amazing  just saying 
"tron legacy was amazing last night!  such a good movie   lives up to the name and awesomeness of the original, and also, a little bit of the campiness   <propmale> bridges!"
back in <propfirst> for a while   christmas in a week ish and nothing to really do except get my ass in shape for rotc 
grades got posted   all a's and one b with a 3 75 gpa my first semester   heck yes!!!
3 days in with a <propfemale> corps drill sergeant and i no longer feel like throwing up after a workout!  hells yea!!!
1 5 mile in 11:50  it's getting better  and i still don't feel like puking!!
1 5 mile in 11:50  it's getting better  and i still don't feel like puking!!
jet skiing across the pacific ocean 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!
well  <propfemale> christmas guys  hope it was fun!  now back to reality 
<propmale>
at an extremely busy jewish deli where the portions are huge and so are the prices 
at an extremely busy jewish deli where the portions are huge and so are the prices 
omg this <propmale> is huge!!!!!
"in the past week, i have gained over 7 lbs in muscle mass and can run a mile in 7:50   still got a week to go   hells yea!!!"
2 workouts today and then fights and a work out tomorrow   not quite sure if i'm gonna be able to make it to midnight tomorrow night   
"have i mentioned how much i hate <propfirst>, tx? there is absolutely nothing to do!"
last day with hair   afrotc orientation tomorrow at 10 am!!!
well folks   it's time 
is now an air force rotc cadet!
"dear god,  can you make the weather just a little warmer?  i mean, i love the cold weather and snow   really i do   but i've got this new haircut and let me tell ya, wind is not my friend  sincerely, <propmale>'s freezing scalp "
"ahhhh, back in san <propfirst>   life is good "
in the calvert lounge studying crap 
"is officially a texan   finally, after 19 years, i own a pair of cowboy boots   and damnit if they aren't comfortable as hell "
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!  it's been a pretty good one so far!
ugh   pt in 7 hours   no bueno
fyi  dirty dancing is one of the best movies ever  and the last scene is one of the most beautiful scenes ever  just saying  cause it's the truth  i really could not watch it without smiling 
"hmmmmm   200 pages of reading to do, some research, and the beginnings of an essay   it's gonna be a busy day "
hahahahaha!!!!! 46 pages down in half an hour!!!!!  take that educational system!!!
wth people  i just had to park cross campus in the prassel garage   
global warming my ass 
"dear god, for two days, you have saved me from schoolwork and given me extra time for sleep  thank you  ps, snow day!!!!!!!"
"red october, standing by "
i gets my blues this week!!!!!!
nerf war on <propmale> for aas candidates?  hells yes!!!
"i got my blues!!!  i believe the phrase \giddy like a schoolgirl\"" may apply   """
definitely one of the best nights i've had in a long time  smile 
happy <propfirst>'s day!
i have to ask myself    is there anything interesting going on?  answer: nope   go do homework 
"dammit!  i need to get smaller pants!  thanks a ton rotc!  no, actually  thanks "
no amount of cheese sauce will ever make undercooked broccoli taste good   
hey hey everyday!  air force all the way!
"ladies and gentlemen, it is my sincerest apologies for not observing no shave november   however, i will be observing mustache march in honor of afrotc traditions   now i know this is gonna make things hard on you ladies out there, but i must ask you to contain yourselves   --sincerely, <propmale> lafaille"
"hmmm   after careful deliberation, thought, and reminiscing, i have reminded myself of the unfortunate reality that i am neither evil nor do i have a <propfemale> to be a pilot and thus am incapable of growing a mustache worth anything   sorry ladies   no mustache for me this march   maybe next time  --sincerely, <propmale> lafaille"
see?  see how i just let that go by?  i am the perfect gentleman 
holy jesus!!!!  lesch just asked me if i would be interested in being a research assistant for him next semester!!!!!!!!
is now dr  lesch's research assistant   like a boss
woke up 20 minutes before class  not a great way to stet the day buy it's okay cause i made it in time and i just got a free cd
is not looking forward to making up a pt after what's shaping up to be an all-nighter   
"if <propfemale> <propmale> can have her own furniture line, why can't i have a <propfirst> madoff line of office supplies?"
uhhh   back to the grind 
so yea  vcct was freakin awesome!!  too short though 
"stay strong all you 200s  you've put in years of hard work, but you can't stop what happens today  so remember that come what may, life always has a way of working out  and make sure to laugh at us 100s  it's our turn next "
just got back from a lecture from <propmale> powell and i have to admit; the guy is pretty funny 
