a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646
"its slightly hard to believe that tomorrow will bring 2011    \then again, this is coming from the girl who thought dust bunnies would come to life from under her bed and eat her in her sleep  joyful \happy new year everyone!!!!"
"just joined facebook to try it out, everyone says it's better than myspace, but i'll be the judge of that"
i completed my goal for p e! (make under 10 minutes on the mile!)  laugh d
"some reps came from antioch high to talk about the scheduling, anybody else wanna do forensic performance??? talk to me bout it plzzz!!!  laugh d"
went to the dance yesterday and had an uuber good time  laugh d
ran the mile in ms  howell's class and got *drum roll* 8:41!  laugh d been soooo depressed a lot        
"went to the park today with my little sis for a few hours, i actually had fun cos i met a friend  laugh d"
have you ever heard of a love triangle??? i'm in a flippin' love polygon!!!!
"lovin' my smile more and more, my acne is clearing up better than in the last 5 years, and i'm gaining weight! spring break is turning out to be totally asume!  laugh d"
went to the dentist this morning and i have almost perfect teeth!  laugh d i just need three fillings and (personally) need to get my teeth whiter
"i went to lunch with my little sis, grandma, and my aunt diana: very enlgihtening e playful erience lol  now i'm home and being a lazy bum for the rest of the day  laugh d"
"watched my cousin today, she was cute but she woke up the whole house at four in the morning  i'm on a chocolate fix dx"
"dude, first day back was so boring           had a wierd dream last night involving kaname kuran from vampire knight, let's just say that it made me wish that i were yuuki  laugh "
"omg!!! i had a good day today! i don't really know why, but i was happy!  laugh  i i don't"
can any one tell me what their favorite old horror movie? something preferably from the late '70s to the early '90s??? just kinda bored and wanna watch a scary gory movie
"i felt so bad today because i didn't wear green, i forgot to take out the recycling, and i got a ride home instead of walking  so much for supporting earth day      playful "
my love life seriously needs to go to hell        
spartans: does any one know who you're supposed to make a money order out to for the sixflags trip???
lolz i totally loved the reaction of everyone today  laugh 
"i went to free comic book day today - <propmale> line dude!!! my dad and i waited in line for almost an hour to get in, half hour to get our free comics, and another hour for me to buy four other comics  at the same time my dad and i won almost thirty other free comics while we were there  the guy that admitted us in thought i was either goth or into the a cult "
"dude, testing has been so boring, but i guess since we get out early i can live with it "
"i'm tired of just waiting for the storm to pass, i'm going to do something about it and go dance in the rain"
"just when i thought i understood, i realize that i'm as lost as a wandering puppy"
"had a bbq at my moma's house and it was ok, not a lot of cousins showed up so i was a little disappointed  sad "
"i don't know what to think about him anymore, because everyone is telling me something different"
well today was just crappy; the school is so screwed up with all the students wasting their time and everyone else's and now i'm just pissed off at every thing!
stupid clinic visits   
"getting a total make-over today: got my eyebrows threaded, my mommy helped put on my complexion mask, and i'm gonna do my hair perrty lawl,\the family is taking pictures tomorrow so it should be fun, i kinda love being a model now  laugh d"
"totally pissed off, tired, hungry, and i wanna go to the park     what is it with life and being such a bitch??"
totally boreded     can't stop thinking bout him!  laugh d
zombies are awesome!!  laugh d
"omg! there's not a whole lot of school left, i'm so gonna miss some of you guys    not!!! lol\but seriously, this has been a really good year for me and my friends, despite the ups and downs, and we should look back on it and remember the good stuff and look forward to even more good stuff in the future!  laugh d"
"the eighth grade celebration dance was uuber fun! and i don't care who says i'm a dumb ass for saying it, it was fun!  laugh d"
"i can't really sleep, so i'm kinda wandering around the house and listening to the crickets in the backyard"
three inch high heels were not made with anas in mind  laugh d
i went swimming at contra <propfemale> and guess what i saw?? a gopher    and ducks!!!!  laugh d inside joke lol
"it's funny because i used to say that people who spend hours on social networking sites seriously had no lives      now i either have no life, or i am putting my foot in my mouth, i haven't decided which, yet    "
stupid sound isn't working on my computer!!! i can't listen to youtube videos!!! darn you software of mine!!!  playful 
"lots of laughs, lots of love, all in the familly! love you guys to death! ~ love   laugh "
"we have finally cleaned out some of the junk in my grandmother's garage! i swear it's been up to the brim with crap we did not need and things that had no use, and we got rid of half of it! *w00t!*"
my little sister has no sense of traditional <propmale>
happy father's day to all fathers!!!  love  we love you all!
my baby cousin is so cute!! i love you boo!  laugh 
"aye! children make messes! i love those girls to death, but they tire me out like it's an olympic sport!  playful "
"poke\me if you've had a crush on me, like this status if you think i'm cute,\inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship, put a smile if we are\friends  laugh , put an angry face if you don't like me d:<, put a heart\if you wanna be more than friends ?  now lets see who's brave enough to\copy and paste "
i am taking pleasure in the sight before my little sister is trying to watch tv while my baby cousin is annoying her to play  laugh  sweet revenge!!!  laugh d
"at first i wasn't happy that he shaved his head, but now that i looked at it again, <propfirst> desrosiers's new hair do is actually pretty hot  laugh "
i finally got to watch the lord of the rings!!!  laugh 
"i went swimming at my neighbor's house almost all day; the kids were beating me up in the pool!  laugh  oh, these kids wear me out   "
"one thing i hate about summer: i don't know how i do it, but i always manage to sleep all the way through the afternoon  playful "
"i hate it when i get into a project, and my inspiriation desk is on a roll, and then, just as suddenly as it had begun, my mind is completely blocked from inspiration, and my brain is left to rot as it is being picked at with a blunt scalpel    "
"i hate it when i start a project that will take years to finish, because it would always be like a hammer on my brain every time i think about the project i either need to finish or never finished    "
"my sister asked me if i was ever nice at school, and i tried to think of a time when i used any manners, acted like a lady, and didn't beat someone up or yell at someone   \i came up with no events of that sort"
"on the boat and wishing desperately that i had brought my own computer   \and learning the hard way that in my family you have to have a big voice to get your say    dang my small voice   "
"i hate it when i think out loud when i'm trying to text some one, and my mom thinks i'm talking to her with an attitude     most of the time i'm mentally kicking the person i'm texting  laugh "
"i woke up randomly at five this morning and thought i was going to stay up to watch the sun rise, but instead i fell asleep and woke up with the sun beating down on my face at nine    i'm sure the sun rise was beautiful    i may never know     crying "
"rockin' in the escalator, moshin' in the elevator  shop  until i drop  let's go to the mall, you know they have it all!"
"going to a block party\happy 4th of july every one!  laugh "
"the block party was a-ok; i didn't exactly have fun, but it wasn't completely boring either\happy 4th!!!  laugh "
"i was never one for fireworks, i honestly never knew what the point was, but i think it had something to do with <propfirst> <propfirst> key's e playful erience in the war of 1812   "
"i got new books and cds!!! the ramones' rocket to russia cd, and the last death note manga as well as <propfirst> is undead (a book about the beatles as zombies!!!)  laugh  it's good to be me!"
just spent most of the night teaching my two aunts how to upload photos from their cameras to their computers to their facebooks!  laugh  and now auntie <propfemale> is going to be calling me almost every day from upstate to ask me how to use her computer lol
"1  family - n  ~ the only thing that is both the best damn thing in the world, and the skeletons in your closet (if only we didn't share the same space as them)  laugh "
came home and found that my grandfather decided to re-decorate the house!  laugh  the rooms are really pretty and now me and my sis have a bigger room in which to annoy each other    may the best girl win lol
"good guys live forever,the evils die faster, and love remains infinite "
"had a family barbeque (yyyyyyuuuummmmmmyyyyy!!!) and laughs were shared, stories were passed, and for the first time in nine years, i'm warming up to my aunt's boyfriend  laugh  love you guys! xoxox"
"is totally bored!!!!!\i left my cellular in the truck, and i really wish that i had food (preferably chocolate)\damn serotonin and neriprniphine     "
"arms     like noodles!!!!  laugh \had two hot dogs about an hour ago\want    more     food!!!"
"dude, been so bored lately, not even funny \there's a pluggin for my software that won't download and its really making me mad  playful "
"\you're heart is broken; i hold the ashes in my hands \""\",a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"watching new white collar episode with mah daddy \must    eat    chocolate!!!!!"
"forgiveness is not a trait you are born with, it is a virtue that many have yet to learn "
"what no one seems to understand is that i just want someone to listen; i hope they'll see what i mean before time runs out, before all is forever lost   "
well i'm a smart one: i accidentally reset my stats on vampire wars!!!  i had an energy stat of 50 and a rage stat of 9!! so upset    d:
i'm getting back into guitar! i tuned it just now and i am going to start teaching myself disenchanted by my chemical romance! yay!  smile 
"before we left for lunch, i was searching high and low all morning for my sweater, and when we came back i found it right where i left it: in my sock drawer   laugh "
"\why do i hold my breath  every time you say  what i think i want you to say?  look behind these dew-stained eyes  and show the world  all this pain \"""""
\   if i could take all the shame to the grave i would    \,a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,\no more broken promises the shattered hearts will heal no more broken promises no more (no more) contest the lies we cannot be so blind\,a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"omg! i finally understand why that one tv show is called \the <propmale> of queens\""! they live in queens!  laugh """
"not a very interesting day, listening to the life starts now album by three days grace right now, and i am eventually going to do more research on my project i started and hope to god i will finish  laugh "
nothing like a good dose of underworld in the morning to get you going  laugh 
"so bored    is it just me, or do sundays tend to drag themselves out longer than most days???"
"i kinda wanna go out to the movies   \anybody got any suggestions?"
"watching the lost boys  \like\"" if you think that that movie is a classic!"""
"teens have cell phones, and they answer them about 96 85% of the time \parents have cell phones, and (when they're not working) they answer them about 22 63% of the time when it's their kids calling  and yet they say to call in times of emergency    "
"about to go see clash of the titans \it would be totally cooler if we watched the original, and then the newer one \but alas, we do not have the original    *sniffle*"
going camping in a few minutes; can't wait!  wink 
got back from camping and <propfemale> <propfirst> last night  had uuber fun!  laugh 
"why can't we be friends and put all the heart ache behind us? just put it all in the attic, or the basement, whatever you decide   "
"two more days until i can completely start over; a clean slate; erasing the board; changing my underwear \0 o"
"the person you want to be, may not be the person you were meant to be  open your eyes and see your true reflection"
"\false tales; lies of the washed up prom <propfemale>  why'd you tell me everything was fine? everything was okay? get on your knees \""\",a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,yay!! i survived the second day!!!  laugh 
i wish i could tell him everything i feel about him   
tell me why i see your face and my heart beats faster; its terrible because i pass you by every day 
went to my cousins baptism and jersey party yesterday; going out to lunch with friends today; and i thought i had no life!  laugh 
\for those days we felt like a mistake,\a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"went to the movies and saw last exorcism\i almost bawled my eyes out: the cat died!! dx"
"at <propfemale>'s for the night, love you nii-chan!!"
"my english teacher thinks that my dramatic monologues were, like, uuberly well written, but every time i read them i see that they were actually uuberly crappy    \i'm such a pessimist  laugh "
if you think i'm beautiful like this status if you love me put a ? if your my friend put a  smile   if you have ever had a crush on me put a  wink if you like me put a  smile      if you think im funny put a  laugh   if you think i'm crazy put a  playful   if you're brave put this as your status smile 
"can you save us all from the thought you said you needed\\'cause i feel like i've competed for too long\\we've got no more room to breathe\\until we just get them to see\\we've got no more room to breathe\\until we just get them to\\say we'll make them say\\that we've been down and out all day\\if your education brings you home \\why are you still away?"
"i want to hate those songs so much, but i can't    \sometimes morals just eat at your heart       "
"drilled a whole in a piece of sheet metal, it makes a rockin' chocker charm!  laugh "
"for those nights when i couldn’t be there,\\i’ve made it harder to know that you know,\\that somehow, \\we’ll keep moving on \\there’s so many wars we fought,\\there’s so many things we’re not,\\but with what we have, \\i promise you that,\\we’re marching on \\i want to hate this song, but it's just not happening    "
"my mom hosted a spa party last night, i guess it was pretty funn   "
"we live with bittersweet memories, because some one has to remember the goodness, even if they won't"
i just went to the store and got a whole bunch of chocolate and gum     yummy yummy chocolate!!
"and kidz bop manages to ruin and defile yet another child's mind  playful \i think im going to cry, these songs have been so mutilated! dx"
"my parents decorated the house without me\kinda butt hurt bout that   \but i am so carving a jackolantern this year if it kills me!!"
goodwill is amazing!!!
social phobias are not fun   
\to shine light though this darkness  is to have the courage to fear \,a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,omg! there was a peacock on the roof of the car!  surprise 
"moot court practice was hilarious! kirkland was probably asked way too many questions durin his arguement, but it was quite funny nonetheless!  laugh "
"there is no such thing as luck, only <propmale> "
"if you don't like the tone i use and the things i do, then why live with me?"
"if you hate yourself, everyone will hate you"
"everyone is someone, is no one, is someone, and i am no one  leave me not in peace, for peace doth not exist"
"\i got rythm; i got music; i got my man; who could ask for anything more???\""\",a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"filled in as scorekeeper for basketball games\idk why people don't like to do it, its uuber fun!!  laugh \totally gonna do it again when i get the <propmale>!"
\if love were a falling <propfemale>," id wish for you to be happy even if im not there \""\"a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,\before me, doth this star shine?\a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"if i told you what i really thought of you, would you still want to hold my hand?"
last minute notices are totally amazing    
confucius is amazing and i wish that my feet weren't cold!
\because i could not stop for death,\a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"if people need a few minutes to themselves, why is it that we are not given that time??"
"i've been in a bad mood almost all weekend    \ddddddxxxxx\not a very fun weekend for me   "
sundays are my lazy days  smile 
"\i said i loved you and i left you   i promised you and now i'm home again \""\",a7eab64c3addf958ba81f8ce4153e646,"it's funny cos i thought only 4 people were going to post on my wall  smile \thank you all, and happy <propfirst>'s day!  laugh "
"\so kiss me and smile for me  tell me that you'll wait for me  hold me like you'll never let me go!\"" i  love  you kirkland!"""
"i see his pain, even when he tries to hide it  why can't i live it for him???"
it's probably not a good idea to surf the net while uploading security updates for my laptop's software     - -     
suddenly i realize that i'm all she's got    
"i did the unsmart thing and listened to a song that made me cry     all     day    \so i'm making up for it by listening to \leaving on a jet plane\"" by <propfirst> <propmale>  joyful """
"today is quite an eventful day for me: it's my mommy's birthday today (happy birthday mommy! joyful ) and it's mine and kirkland's one month together!  joyful  happy day, happy day!  laugh "
"went to the club last night for dinner  kirkland came with us, and he made me play pool - - i tried to tell that i can not hold a cue to save my life, but i still ended up playing  oh well, he accidentally sunk the 8 ball anyway, which ended the game early for me!  joyful "
my aunt took me shopping for my birthday and now i have a lot of new body mist! thank you aunty!  joyful 
my ipod is the stupidest thing man machine created!! > playful 
i am now in the unfortunate habit of putting all of my essays in mla format   
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  put this as your status if you're against bullying  taking a stand against bullying!
i finally had a smoothie today!!  laugh  i've been craving one almost all week! boo-ya!!!
i am sooo congesteeeed!!!!! dx<
<propfemale>
grrr    i had to miss open gyms tonight    i'm soooo going to the next one though! i am determined!!!
"whoever invented sundays should be stoned out of the towne    it is proably more grueling than mondays, and we all hate mondays   "
