959261ebf4abf0184a1bd9e8c2e05332
needs to go to verizon  blahhh
has a new phone   smile  its all pretty and shinny and new!!
gonna go to bed now  blahhhhhh i'm tired
smells like <propfirst>  smile 
needs to go to bed  has to wake up early  gonna spend tomorrow with my younger siblings   smile 
is at home  wants to work at lorikeet!!
going to the cheese cake place in va beach  smile  needs to pack for florida blah!
headed off to wal mart   smile 
might be going to the movies later!  smile  yayyy!!!
is at my dad  still sad about peanut's death today    she will be missed
"is gonna go to aquatica tomorrow with \the big kids\"""""
last day in florida  tomorrow road trip to sc  then sat  va  gonna stop by south of the boarder
is gonna go to bed soon
hopes ry gets better soon!!! i don't like see him like this!!!
"is mad and sad  mom's <propfirst> got broken into  they took her mp3 player  i hope they listen to it and be like \what the hell?\""  sad  sorry mommy """
is going to the store   annoyed 
is on my way to oh!  smile 
"is chillin at nanny's  dinner with family later!!! i'm so happy to be up here, i feel right at home   smile "
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak or see each other often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you "
going to the beach!!!  smile 
going to busch for the day 
drawing is a great way to vent! lol
going to crue fest!  smile  taco <propfemale> after  i hopppeeee  lmaoo
going back to school shopping today!
powerpuff girls then bed
"got to do a lot today! i have to go get my classes changed, get breakfast, then get my eyes checked, get glassed, go to work for 2 hours for orentation(sp) then eat lunch, then some more school shopping in wilamsburg and finally get hom  yayyyy!!! not enough hours in a dayyyy!!!!  playful  thank you mommy for driving me all over the place todayy!!!!!!"
i'm supperrrr lucky to have <propfirst> as my boyfriend   smile  after a long hard stressful day he gave me a back rubb and bought me <propfemale>!!! ^-^ so happpyyyyyy!!!!
random dancingg!!! random dancing!!!
blahhhh so bored  thank god this kid is asleep
at <propfirst>'s!!!!! can't wait tell later!!!! gonna help her move shit around for tonight!!!!  laugh ddd
wants some mother fucking gummy bears now!!!!!
"\i shall not strip for your monopoly money!\"""""
i win the game!!!!
"\i have to stop talking so i can hear it ring!\"" i love you cece haha"""
playing with the new <propmale>   laugh ddddd man fuck hp!!!!
grrrrrr    gayyyyy ass rules! just like the mother fucking lab! getting kicked off the puter  text me and keep me entertained  ppplllllleeeeeaaaaassseeee????
domo!!
fuck my life!!!!!! its to cold for this shit!!!!!
just got voted off the island! lost the game! was the weakest link! was not the biggest loser! and i'm not smarter then a fifth grader! fuck my life! i can't win to safe my life!
"music, <propmale>, friends and family; the only things i need in this world anymore  but of course food, sleep and a shower could be up here too   smile "
"this storm will pass, just like always  i will see the rainbow at the end of this  i will feel the sun on my face again  i just have to get threw this darkness "
oh my god a talking muffin!!!!    i want a muffin now!
has nothing better to do with my live then take a nap   then school work; joy! ughhhhh   
"   i can't get you off my mind  i miss you so  the past is haunting me again  but i feel so safe in thought of you  i'm gonna wait for the blessed day i get one of your hugs again  your gone, but not forgotten   "
rawwwrrrr!!!! i'm a dinosaur! aren't i scawwwyyy?!?!?  smile 
gonna go make some coffee  then go get the back pack ready and eat an ice cream cone!  smile 
 laugh dddd tomorrow at 8 on <propmale> they are playing the good burger movie!!!!! i wanna see that movie again!!!!!  laugh dddddddd
bitch i don't make it rain! i make the sun come out and smile to the world! top that! lmao  smile 
is not feeling the rain today  its rather lame  err  oh well 
is really happy i got to <propfemale> out with amandaboo the last two days!  smile 
oh shit a talking muffin!!!!
"my mom just said \you will die when a chair e playful lodes very une playful ectedly\"" funniest way to die!  smile """
i'm gonna live forever! so far so good!  smile 
top of the morning to you mate!  smile 
just saw mayhem fest list!! zombies gonna be there! saw him last time he came to town! i'm so going again!!!!!  laugh ddd yes i am hype about this!!!!
time to go to school  blahhhh    i want to go to sleep  but i can't sleep in study hall any more   sad  damn uno!!!!
"my mouth has been taped together, my eyes have been sewn shut, my ears cover, my body bound to the floor, but my heart is still free to rome this cruel dark planet we call home "
can't wait for summer!!! no lie dude  it's gonna be killer!
is epically bored! ughhhh   today has been a fail
"\help i'm twisted and can't get up!\"""""
"ha ha  its funny how no one is a fan of indian ink, but like 2 people  *not lying  look it up*"
is gonna go dance on the <propfemale> with my boo  anyone else wanna join? smile  your welcome to!
gov't is killing me  but i shall finish this study guide    i hope   ughhh
today has sucked balls  ughhh    
going mudding before school  i hope we don't get stuck  lol  today shall be epic!  smile 
wants some burger <propmale> now! thanks cece!
is a skittle today   smile 
happy today is a half day!
a f d a  today and <propmale>  today is going to be a good day!  smile 
"\   i have nothing to say  but i feel like my mouth is wide open  everything that is real  comes around  comes around   \"""""
my toes are crossed for snow tomorrow! i want to play in snow! i'm starting to think its not real  it never snows in suffolk   sad 
ohhh you just have to love the mental breakdowns in my family 
i believe in snow once again!  smile  all cuz <propfirst> cash was on vacation!
always is in your eyes   
happy happy joy joy happy happy joy joy!!!!  smile 
"cause we like having fun at other peoples e playful ense and cutting people down is just a minor offence then, it's none of your concern, i guess i'll never learn  i'm sick of being told to wait my turn"
"dear snow, melt faster please! i want to go to school tomorrow! i want to see what <propmale> got in, eat free pizza and <propfemale> out with my boo and <propmale> crew! xoxo <propfemale>"
ce ce- i hacked <propfemale>'s facebook!!!!!!
we've got cabin fever! and we're all going mad!!!
"wtf? the day i want to go to school, they close it! i'm so sad now!  sad "
everywhere i go bitches always know!!!    thanks mexican now i go that song stuck in my head!!!! lol
yet an other boring day  -_-
it's down to this  i've got to make this life make sense 
just watched step brothers  i though the movie would have been better  -_-
"'cause i'd get a thousand hugs, from ten thousand lightning bugs  as they tried to teach me how to dance "
snow again? really??? blah humbug!!
my upper left leg is killing me   ughhhhhh!!! fail!!!!
its snowing  oh well  can't wait tell spring to see the sun again 
is strong like hulk   joyful 
some people need to act there age and not there shoe size  ha i guess its just to much to ask for   joyful 
"my cajun boys did me proud! first time ever being into football, i see why so many are   joyful "
gives strangers great big hugs!!
love sucks eat pancakes!! true story!!  smile 
well that was shirt lived   sad 
a nap sounds good right about now   joyful 
"can't wait for the day after tomorrow: free pizza, lunch with boo, and a field trip dealing with <propmale>  i can't wait to see who won, and i bet i know the people who did! but <propmale> tomorrow witch is always good!  smile "
in the jungle the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight!!!  smile 
feels really proud! no f's so far this year!  joyful  and i'm gonna keep it that way  my next step is no d's  lol 
"\its easier to hate \"""""
get to skip 5th block to go on an <propmale> trip   smile  i still hope boos stuff got in 
wrote love on her arms!
"had a pretty ballin day  still has \happy\"" by nevershoutnever and \""weightless\"" by all time low stuck in my head!! thank you <propfirst>!!! lol"""
"smile, it confuses people   smile "
i wonder if you ever think of me   love 
"i wanna kiss you, but if i do then i might miss you, babe  it's complicated and stupid  got my ass squeezed by sexy cupid  guess he wants to play, wants to play, a lovegame, a lovegame"
yayyyy pizza box for dinner  wish my boo was here to eat it with me  lol 
what else is there to say any more?
"manage me, i'm a mess  turn a <propfemale>, i'm a book half unread i wanna be laughed at  laughed with, just because   i wanna feel weightless  and that should be enough "
"all i can say is \7th block\"" my new goal in life! this will happen! just watch and you will see baby!!  smile """
i'll keep you my dirty little secret   smile 
happy pancake day! i get my ice cream shoes today!  laugh  thanks <propfirst>! *happy dance*
whats up with all this damn drama going on lately?
needs to go clean her room   must get off the computer! -_-
getting lost in music 
two more days tell the little monster turns 3   smile  wonders what  the day will bring 
"you may not get it from me, or even anyone i know  but trust me, friend, you will get your just desserts: someday, somehow, and someway! because <propfemale>'s not nice to people who do things like you!"
life is to short to deal with people who act a fool  so i'm say forget you  i have more important things to waste my time on   smile 
radda radda radda!! that's all i have to say   smile 
nap time!!!!
"dear text from last night, thank you for making me laugh so hard i fall out of the rolly chair   smile "
"\i'm always wrapped up in things i cannot win  you are the antidote that gets me by  somethin' strong like a drug that gets me   high \"" -crossfade """
happy 3rd birthday rylee <propmale>!!!!! my baby is growing up  lol   joyful  can't wait to go to chuck-e-cheeses tonight!!
i can't wait tell march 5!!! i want to see <propfemale> in wonderland so badly!!! the music on the cd is so epic; and all the trailers just tease me!!! ughhh!!!! so going to a midnight showing!!!  joyful 
"good morning monday  we have a busy week ahead of us, lets make it a good week   smile "
trip to the store 
i get to talk to strangers today! maybe they will give me <propfemale>?!!?!  laugh d burg after <propmale> with mommy and boo 
still sad about domo leaving  and kinda ticked off about whats happened to <propfemale>  and don't get me started about the budget cuts at school  school why do you have to cause so much stress??? and i just lost the game  oh well 
"\put a smile on your face it makes the world a better place!\"""""
i see you i smile  i see you i cry  i'm not mixed up  i just miss you  i can't wait to see you again 
i'm seeing stars  these kids are going to do big things someday  just you watch!
chillin with <propfirst> 
disney is mean   they always get songs stuck in my head!!! -_-
can't wait tell 8!!!! i want to see twiztid so badly!!
"deuces up, deuces down  this is how we run this town  going to burg for the rest of the day, making money again feels good  lol "
goals in life (as of march-april) learn to swim and learn how to drive  wish me luck cuz i can't even push a stupid button just think of how i'd be behind the wheel  lol 
my bed is still asleep   i wish i was 
"i wanna feel reckless, i wanna live it up, just because  i wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough  if i could just find the time, then i would never let another day go by  i'm over, getting old "
"facebook e playful eriment- if you are reading this, no matter if we talk to each other often or not, write down in the comment box what is the first memory you have with me or about me  then make this your status too, you will be surprised what people remember   so give it a try!  smile "
"dance, dance "
"scar tissue that i wish you saw  sarcastic mister know it all  close your eyes and i'll kiss you  'cause with the birds, i'll share with the birds  i'll share this lonely view "
"if we have to make up this day is saturday school, they wont see me  i have to work "
does anyone know the it number for mydiscoverinfo? they locked me out 
"\how do you say 'no way i'm doing this' in crazy???\"""""
"    is really, really, really over drama    for real    ughhhhhhhhh"
woke up late  off to school  blahhhhhhh
i hope you always find a reason to smile!
"you know i can't smile without you  i can't smile without you, i can't laugh and i can't sing  i'm finding it hard to do anything  you see i feel sad when you're sad  i feel glad when you're glad  if you only knew what i'm going through  i just can't smile without you!!"
"has a blue bird on her shoulder, its the truth "
"the adventure for today is over, tomorrows will start same as everyday 5 o'clock   joyful  hoping for a good day tomorrow "
is hoping for a good day at work   joyful 
"\i'm sinking slowly so hurry hold me your hand is all i have to keep me hanging on please can you tell me so i can finally see where you go when you're gone \"""""
"its so hard not to smile, when you listen to \smile\"" by uncle kracker """
blahhh monday already??? -_-
i'm loving this warm weather; now if only it would stay this way! it would make a little girl very happy!  joyful 
"thank you for hearing me, thank you for seeing me, thank you for believing in me, thank you for helping me!"
my horroscope said i was a super hero today!  laugh d today is gonna be aaahhhmazzinggg!!!
"jamming to my music! and yes, thats right i said jamming!"
writes sins not tragedies 
"i have to say, i hate to see our friendship end like this  but shit happens, i will still live and so will you  i just got to keep my head up and so do you  may fate be kind to you "
"people change, and people fade away  i'll fade out like a <propfemale> in the sky in the day time, but i will never change back  i must say, i have the best friends around  i love them and i owe them my happiness  thank you for the smile, its all for you   love "
is putting holes in happiness 
"\only the strongest will survive  lead me to heaven when we die  i am a shadow on the wall  i'll be the one to save us all \"""""
hates having two odd days in a row!! thank god today is friday! working again this weekend  hoping for a good end to this crazy week!!
"this is 10% luck, 20% skill, 15% concentrated power of will, 5% pleasure, 50% pain, and 100% reason to remember the name!"
going to go bust into my brothers room and play cod   smile 
back to work today  i need that monster today   why did i drink it yesterday??? (fml   respawn) gonna hit up 7-11 again i need my suicide coffee  work is gonna be fun today!!!  smile 
what a weekend?? ugghhhh    i don't like odd days! oh well 
ha ha ha ha mom's roller skating in the house   smile  today for being an odd day was pretty good  lol 
"make a fool of myself when you <propfemale> around when you're gone i'm a match that's burning out could have been, should've done, what i said i was going to do (said that i would do) but i never promised you (but i never promised you, promised you)"
about time its even! can't wait tell <propmale>!!!  laugh dd
the worst thing you could do   is read this 
 laugh 
has the luck of the <propfemale>!  smile 
mom just put in fluffy and <propmale> is cooking me some chicken  today has been a good day!
my cupcake taste like violence!!! and theres nothing you can do about it  lol 
"i don't know what to say in this  so i will say \pass the tacos!\"""""
has a pocketful of sunshine!  laugh 
"has now been deemed the skittles lady at busch gardens, i love my friends even when they joke on me  but then again it is fun to joke on me, even i do it   laugh "
"today is going to be laid back, tomorrow is going to be fun  (="
heart attack and sadness is over!! don't scare me like that!! lol 
i'm super stocked on this season!! i know i'm gonna miss howl-o-scream crew!!!!
today is going to be a good day!!  laugh 
"\i'm gonna quick-stop that ass!\"""""
the start of a new week   joy?  laugh d happy happy joy joy!!
"   just wants things to go back to the way things where   \senior year will be the best year of high school\""   yea my butt!! whatever   less then 9 weeks away from getting out    i just want everyone to be happy again   """
field trip today!!! going to nsu then see a play then going to the mall! with my 7th block crew!! dude today is going to be a good day   but i am still worried about those two   -_-
what a day!!
hoping once i drink my coffee my mood will change   
i'm sneezing like mad its not cool  lol  i almost hit my head on the desk last time  ughhhh  lol 
i hope you always find a reason to smile my dear friend  (=
i do believe it is nap time 
i hope everyone in the house is ok   just woke up to fire trucks looked out the window saw smoke and fire  they are in my prayers 
"i must say, this status sucks! lol "
thank god its friday 
today is going to be an adventure!!
"i hope you know, i can't get you off my mind "
really wants to go on a road trip   might help if i could drive and had a car  ha i fail 
radda 
hoping for a good day 
do not pass go! do not collect $200!!
"\i gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night that tonight's gonna be a good night that tonight's gonna be a good good night\"""""
wants to do something fun soon 
"\good feelings gone\"""""
"how many people really know all of the people on your friends list? i mean personally know  here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post how they met me , you know our very first encounter  after you have completed this , repost this in your status box   smile "
all i can say is    what a day?
i want to live in your radio 
is sick of this bull  i don't want to play with you anymore 
today was one hell of a day!! but tonight was so funny!!! i was rollin 
"so glad i got today off  but has to get up and go to work tomorrow, what a break ha ha  i just spieled to my little sister  really???"
is still me  i just changed my out look and attitude  thats it  (=
"so i just found out my three year old nephew free balls  should i be proud or scared?\\n\monstar\"""""
so yesterday <propmale> butler made my day with that biggg hug!! laugh  then mashell gotterup made my night! and thats why i love what i do!
    stress its a killer    
"note to self: somedays you just want to give up, but just remember there is always a new start tomorrow  so don't give up just keep going  something good might come out of it "
hoping for a good day  no scrap that! it is going to be a good day!
its kinda weird how i always miss you after i see you 
shit happenes 
i'm not letting you get to me  i'm gonna have a good day at work!
what can i say? i love my job  (=
i hoping everything is ok with the guys at the team store  my heart goes out to both of them and i hope they are doing fine  working on the last day of spring break  can't wait for tomorrow i'm gonna jump people when i see em 
back to school  i can't wait to see my crew!!!  laugh d
hmmm    i want to go do something fun 
i was never here to begain with 
time to get back in it  gotta keep my head straight  i can't mess up the end of this nine weeks or even next ones  cuz i'm gonna graduate!  smile 
looks like someone just their tooth <propfemale> money for a canon!
   i hope he is okay    please god help him   please make him strong again!!! help him get better!! please   thats my only wish   
"fingers crossed  i hope he is doing better, no updates yet  hoping today in school will be a good one "
must get this research paper done!! time to get started  does anyone know anything about busch garden's history??  laugh 
so doing a research project on busch gardens has turned out to be a bad idea!!! i can't find the information  this is a fail!!! fml!!!ughhhhhh
my eyes are killing me  i give up  bed come to me!!!
good morning world  hoping for a good day  so day you should make it a good one for me   joyful 
welcome back friday! i have missed you   smile 
   i want cheese its now   
sometimes a person needs a hand to hold and a heart to understand   love 
"like the little school mate in the school yard, we'll play jacks and uno cards  i'll be your best friend and you'll be mine, <propfirst>  yes, you can hold my hand if you want to, cause i want to hold yours too  we'll be playmates and lovers and share our secret worlds "
finally a day off  and i'm not playing in the park  ha  home being lazy   joyful 
"i'm half way there  i can almost see it  yea, i'm half way there "
"if i came with a warning label, what would it say? (copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get)"
if you ever feel like letting go  i wont let you fall 
& we'll be dead if they catch us 
has the most bad ass phone!  laugh dd
you don't have to win someones heart   just ask for it 
all i can do is laugh 
is in a cuddly mood   with no one to cuddle  this kinda sucks  care bear come here  ha ha
my what a small world this turn out to be 
"everything's falling apart, we can't rebuild this  lets start something new, and forget this place  lets run and never look back  cause all i need is you "
this is the best part about the ride  just <propfemale> on and watch it go 
i think i'm getting sick  well this suckss
a child of three can work this   give me a child of three!!
i feel like today will either be crazy or lazy 
"the drama crew of wonderland was amazing!!! if you haven't seen it, go today!! go today!  smile  or you will be missing out on something so mind blowing you will never know what you missed out on "
today has been crazy so far
oh my god! the pants troll needs to hand over my pants! ughhhhh
and so    this week begins   joyful 
"dancing, walking, clock keeps on talking  they sing, they sing, la la la la la!!"
"you can ask me 1 question?(to my inbox) and i will answer truthfuly, but i dare you to copy this to your status and see what people ask"
"so it just hit me, this is really happening  i must say this is weird!"
"i must say, being sick blows!!"
tomorrow i'll be back in the game  two days off is enough for me 
let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this post on your wall so i can leave a word about you   this should be interesting  smile 
i want to be the type of person the mirror is proud to call me its owner 
"going to the movies later, this is gonna be fun!  smile "
"boyyy, watch out  that's all i'm saying; is just watch out bitch!"
"i think i will do what i do every weekend and go to busch gardens, and bug people all day!  smile "
"dude, yesterday was intense  i don't even know what i'm hoping for today   laugh "
this is great! i should have done this years ago!!
i know i'm loud   but i was surprised to hear how loud i really am on stage  hahaha so much fun being silly   laugh 
ahhhh   i'm excited!! i want to see what part everyone got  there was a lot of good people yesterday   joyful 
"\don't bite your friends\"""""
is so stoked on life  i have so many things i can't wait for  life is looking so good  bad times come on! bring it! cuz you can't keep me down   smile 
i don't know what to put here!!!  laugh 
i hate being so small   sad  i can't find a dress i like that will fit me   this is a fail 
best morning ever! french toast with whipped cream while watching old school cartoons!!  laugh d
"today seems like its an \all time low\"" type of day """
i want to be like <propfirst> starks when i grow up!
"good morning sun, i woke up before you today so i will say good morning first "
"off work, what a day  got my prom dress, going to kill time tell eight so we can go home  lol  love you boo"
"happy unbirthday to all, and to the mom's happy giving birth to us for countless hours, putting up with us, not killing us, raising us and loving us day   that's a mouth full  haha"
"great day, tell i got home   can i go back to work now???"
"weekend down, aka work week down  school week i'm the morning  yaaawwwnn  good nigh <propfemale> "
time to start an other week and i'm dragging ass  blahhh 
cuz in the morning i'm making waffles!! lol 
just found out i forgot my coke   i is sad now   sad 
"come, sisters cheer we up his sprites! i'll charm the air and     i just forgot the rest of my lines  i want to watch hocus pocus now   laugh "
open your eyes! and see life is beautiful!  smile 
errr    what to say; what to say??
i must say my new favorite song is all the right moves by one republic   joyful 
"in kings fork, gonna watch a play   smile "
besides a few minor things the play at kings fork was amazing  great job guys!!!  smile 
my work day starts   smile 
is about to run threw the team store acting like a witch   but i don't want to get out of the comfy chair   laugh 
adults are just kids who owe money!
"i'm flying high, i'm flying underwater, i'm flying on land  yea i'm flying, flying without a care "
"\aye sir all this is so! but why does macbeth stand thou amazedly?\"""""
i just don't know whats wrong with me today  but i hope it goes away!!
i think i am going to school covered in mud today   i think i will jump mud puddles and dance in the rain this morning   smile 
yawnnn  its only 6:28am   can i just go back to bed?  laugh 
i think i need to clean my room 
"she's got a target painted on her back, and keeps a list of the qualities a good girl lacks  she bites her lip and tips her bottle, i take a drink cause the truth is hard to swallow "
can't wait to have some ice cream cake!!
"have you ever gotten to the point when you are so excited about something, but once you almost get there you want to go run back hold onto a door frame and not want to move???"
"\i feel like i'm riding a dragon!\"""""
"i hope you know, you confuse me   when i think i'm done you bring things back up   *sigh*"
to much on my mind to sleep  better try to go to bed soon  but whats the point?? sigh
i can't ride rapids without getting all the falls  lmao  ohhh well 
ocing today  drama tomorrow 
today is not my fucking day   
naps make life so much better!!
"maybe i'm crazy, what did i fall into? lookin' for a key to a door that i can't get through  just maybe, i'm crazy  don't you know, don't you know i'm going under  just maybein a world of wonder "
kinda feel lost inside   don't know why 
"i give up, i won't fucking sleep tonight!"
is this even worth it??
"in the broken hearts parade and i putting my heart out on display there's no masquerade, just a funeral march for love today the band strikes up and they're playing our song dressed in black and we're singing along, to the broken hearts parade and i've never been better then i am today"
you can't keep me down 
when i grow up i want to make it on the muppet show!!! (=
so  prom tonight  4 school days left in school  3 school days tell the first play  and 14 school days left tell graduation   nooo i'm not keeping count  what can i say i'm kinda nervous  lol 
all dolled up  tonight is gonna be killer   smile 
"i swear, i will never go on an exalter without shoes on again   or in heels  lol"
"back to \the real world\"" working a 12 hour + shift  please be a good day!!!"""
ahhhaa!!!! four more days left!!! four more daysss!!!  laugh dd
"next time i need to use the mic  lol  but i really hope <propmale> is doing better, he had so many people worried "
"so, i have a feeling schools gonna be dead today  maybe today will be a good thing on that note! (="
don't worry it will all buff out soon   smile 
only two days left!!  smile 
"today is going to be an epic day!  smile  games, chill time, movies, then party and wrap it all up with some drama "
"\if today was your last day & tomorrow was too late  could you say goodbye to yesterday? would you live each moment like your last? leave old pictures in the past? donate every dime you had? if today was your last day   \"""""
"what a waste, where does the time go? where did our minds go?"
"good day sir   i said good day, sir!"
"\what is this thing you call 'normal'? is it contagious?! oh my goodness! don't touch me! i might catch your 'normal'!!\"""""
moo   i'm a fish! (=
last day of school  government test then coming home to clean and baby sit 
"high school is done and over with!! cleaning house, watching nemo with ry   laugh  in the words of jr & <propfirst> \don't judge me!\"""""
working on a bucket list  any good ideas i should add??
cleaning today 
this child is going to be the death of me!!!
-_- i'm so bored   ughhh
i like that boulder   that's a nice boulder!!  smile 
i'm hungry  nap time in a little  -_- zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
what says you????
home sick   and feels bad about not going to work    -_-
lets play a game  [=
saturday is going to great!!  smile  class of 2010 time to bounce out!
i live in toon town  you should come visit me sometime   smile 
"people throw \i love you\"" around to easily these days """
has a lot of work ahead of me today   annoyed  please ry let me clean today
la sigh!
is lost in stereo 
this kid knows when my head is killing me and thats when he gets loud as hell!! ughhh    -_-
rawrrrr!! i scawy   love 
today is gonna be a good day   smile 
tomorrow i will be free  aka a bum for good    tell college starts up   well a bum with a seasonal job!  smile 
"today has finally came  bitter sweet, bitter sweet "
i might get to go see toy story 3 soon   laugh 
lazy day  gotta love em   smile 
may how time has flown  i think its about time to let go of the past and move onto new things 
the ferry is the closest thing to a cruise is i'm ever going to get  and i'm happy with it  (=
thank god i get off at 4 today i might be able to sleep tonight 
"to do list: get permit, get car, learn to swim, get lisions(sp), get second job, get an apartment, go to community college  i have a year to do all   i hope hahahahaaaa"
>=[
i think tomorrow i will sit in a kiddy pool all day and sip on some adult drink and watch ry and <propfirst> and <propfirst> play in the slip n side  and forget about today 
todays a new day: i'm off i'm getting a kiddy pool to sit and relax in  and hopefully go to work tomorrow happy as a clam 
just keep swimming
last night was the best! all my international girls have left it's so sad  about time to go back and doing it again  bbuuuttttttt i got a lemur!!!! and it's so fffllluufffffffffffyyyyyyy!!!!!!!
is a zombie 
i am so happy now!!! 4 to close isn't that bad
i can't wait to have more oh that lemonade!!! it was so good!!! 4 o'clock tomorrow i will get some  joyful 
half asleep cooking potato skins  today was a good day
"\i had a dog and his name was bingo!\"""""
looking up apartments  i don't think i can get one off of bgw pay checks    fml
i'm ready! for this long day!! bring on the day!!!
up yet again super early to do what again   oh yea work  fml  i'm freezing 
doing what baby bear said  i'm doing my job and nothing more  i'm not a lead so i'm not gonna worry about it 
heading into norfolk for a little while  bye 
rubbing the sleep from my eyes  work soon 
"another day at work  i hope it will be a good day, no it will be an adventure   smile "
haven't stepped foot outside today   and nor do i wish to 
"is a big fat bold asian man, like buddah   smile "
lets do this   smile 
i have ados  attention deficit     ooohhh shiny!!!
"dear all of festa:  help me with a mission  if we get 12 guest complements for july we get to play at splash wars with each other  festa rides already has one down  11 wont be that hard, we can do this, we got this   smile "
i wish i didn't have feelings   i wish i was the tin man   
has no status today 
so home boys made my day  lmao  today was a good day after all   smile 
is ready for an other day!  smile 
"so i was weak today  the ride to the parking lot was so funny, retarded seal much  and all i have to say is cat walk  you thought you would get out of it, yea you tried hard too  but in the end you did it  and it was funny  just admit it, you had fun cutting up and letting loose  lol "
its been to long   two years   just thought of it   my day is gone down hill   
"dear storm, your about two hours late  thanks  love the girls stuck in a hot <propfirst> "
i   need to find my sun glasses  mission set  lets go!
fat lip 
yawwwnnnn  today will be better 
trying to upload pix  facebook is froze  those i was talking to in chat sorry guys  uggghhhhh   
"the sun's up, and so am i   smile "
one day   i will make it to water country usa   one day 
"my heros for today are: <propfirst> mcdonnell, <propfirst> lindstam, <propfirst> from first aid, and <propfemale> dever   joyful "
i think i hear my bed calling my name  should i answer that call??? i think i should  good night and good morning all 
looking forward to a good day! bring on the sun!
mannnn   its gonna be hot again today  ughh
"had a really good day, for it being so hot, well tell i got home  then <propmale> wanted to like my sparkles off  haha thanks dog i needed to smile "
i'm digging this cold front and these grey clouds  its a nice change  now please rain while i'm on the turn table today  (=
fuck  august 5th is gonna kill me  -_-
today is the free ice cream day! that makes me happy  heehee
"sometimes i wonder   \why the furbee getting bigger\""   then it hits me """
    fuck     this sucks    
"i don't like being up before the sun is    oh, well  10-11 training, then water country!!!!"
i am so excited!!! i'm on the scare squad this year!!! i'm gonna be a skeleton!! i can't wait!!!
i think i will call it a day 
is thinking to much again   
"dear, festa!!! we got all 12 guest complements!!! are 4 has 28 guest complements!!! yea we run this! lol  i'm so excited!!!"
la la la  let's go 
mayhem!! tomorrow i can't wait!!!!!!! ahhhhhhh!!!!!
mayhem! here i come!! taco <propfemale> after win all around   smile 
my neck and arms are so sore  i have no anger left after yesterday  i love mayhem!!!!
take two getting to work   
yawn  lets go start a new day 
"sometime, you just have to give in and let people win   smile "
what if i say i'm not like the other ones?
i'm not flying  i'm falling with style  gotta love toy story
just four more hours    fuck today   it sucks    
"i'm ready to start this day, let my day be horrible! let it happen! cuz my night is gonna be great!  smile "
"\steven would like that\"""""
 smile 
an other stressfulled day that i need a cigarette   bad thing is i don't smoke
is eating purple fish! haha
"dear lord, please give me the strength not to slap someone stupid today, and just smile and laugh it off    ahem "
"i love the rain  gonna go clean my room, watch the hangover then go play in the rain if it is still raining when i am done "
the journies half the fun 
"if only there was something that i say to make the sun come out and the rain go away  if there was something i could do-it hurts me to think you are so blue  so, i'll be your umbrella, together we'll stand, to wether the storm, i'll be holding your hand "
   duck   duck   duck   flying fish!!!
"cake for breakfast, and mixed matched socks   i'm a rebal!!  laugh "
"\look here lady gaga   i need you to stop stealing my shit!\"""""
watching a girly show called: bad girls club  then i think i will go run for a bit  just to change things up
"my heart is racing, i can barely breath  running felt great, but tell my gym teachers and i will hurt you   smile "
is really ready for howl o scream  end of story   smile 
10 smile 0 to 4    i can do this   
"i would kill for an <propmale> class   i can't wait tell i have money  winter i'm going to school, i want my <propmale> class man!!"
"hot tears are running down my face as you laugh   you don't know, no you just don't know   my heart is breaking more and more as the days go by   i know what's on its way   you changed my life, you don't know what you mean to me boy   no, you just don't know   "
"i'll stand tall, i won't back down, i won't give in  i won't show this pain  but i will let you know, i love you  i will stand tall for you "
"the strom will pass, it can't rain forever  life is all about making you stronger, this will make me the strongest and weakest i've ever been "
"closing at seven is a good thing, people suck today "
"i need a sharpie, a water mellon, and a sun flower hat  let's go do work "
"note to self: do not stay up tell almost six in the morning, when you have work the next day  just don't "
boring take nap
this sleeping alone thing is weird to me now  thanks babe for that one  haha
you know the feeling you just want to crawl into the wall and just stay there forever?? i has that feeling at the moment 
never wanted this day to come   let alone without a good bye 
"i love how you can make my rain clouds go away, and bring out the sun "
"kinda glad not to have to go to school today, but misses everyone "
don't i look like an ass 
let's go saints!! let's kick some ass tonight!
i was made for chasing dreams 
"almost time to go make new scary friends  i can't wait, this is gonna be fun!!"
"i remember the day  thank you for what you have done, and those who gave there lives, you will never be forgotten "
is dead ish   
happy face
the problem is i either over think   or under think 
"i will fallow in your foot steps, <propfirst> skeleton, i will be the next pumpkin <propmale>!!"
ce ce-ah ha ha i hacked <propfemale>'s face book for god knows what reason  probably the sugar and caffeine  well night
time to do choresss  fun stuff  but i'm eating ice cream and getting chocolate wasted after!  smile 
"man, have things changed since last year "
time to go clean joy!
good day sir! i said good day!! bah!!! humbug!!
"hi ho, hi ho it's off to work i go!"
bad day  end of story  bed i want you  hug i need you 
"i just can't win!!!!! no matter what i do, or say , or think it over i just can't win!"
were off to see the wizard!!
"how i met your mother, best show ever!"
"i think its time for me to go  pointer finger, middle finger!"
i wanna go do something fun  i wanna hit up the beach 
"from now on, friday threw sunday starting at 5 i am a real skeleton!! booh yaa!!!"
"i'm just gonna roll with the punches, take life as it comes, and cross bridges once i get to them  thats the kinda life i'm living "
team night soon  this is gonna be fun!!! i'm gonna scream like a little girl!!
back to work i go  gotta go in and get my stuff straight  game plan: rapids open and closing the maze  i get to scare people today  hopefully  haha
great night  que line was beast! get up and do it all over again tomorrow 
i wonder how many people can make it past the que line tonight 
energy level: low!
"i got the magic in me, everytime i touch that track it turns into gold  everybody knows, i've got the magic in me  when i hit the flow the girls come snappin' at me, now everybody wants some presto magic "
how did we meet? ( copy and paste this to your status and see who remembers)
i see the world differently 
mission excepted!!
"dear rain, please do not flood us in  i would really like to go to work friday  thank you for listening  much love, \lala\"" girl """
i get to bug <propmale> kenttoday!!!  laugh dd
"\lord voldemort would look cute holding a puppy!\"""""
scaring people all day  love it!
"even tho its cold and rainning; i miss rapids, and my que line "
"is an ompa lompa, so get over it!"
i miss my crew at lakeland!! i miss my hugs from you guys!!
i wish he was happy  i wish he would sleep  i wish he would eat  i'm heart broken knowing this 
isn't going to peanut fest this year  only shrimp fest 
i like it in a bucket 
at lunar golf at chesapeake sq mall  it is amazingggg haha
o o theres a tent in my living room  o o
back to work i go  funny how everyone elses friday is my monday  haha
its godzilla!!! run   
has anger issues at the momment 
la la la la la   
come home  please??
your the only one that makes me feel like this   smile 
is back on gaia 
"please, no rain this weekend   smile "
forgot today was pay day  busch you made my day!!  smile 
everytime i touch that track it turns into gold  everybody knows i've got the magic in me 
tell me something sweet to get me by 
"your words are sweet, sweet poison   that will not make me better "
"who are you, when i'm not looking?"
"my bed is swaying me with her kind words  i want to listen but i must go  i'm sorry, bed, i'm sorry "
"another day is going by, i'm thinking about you all the time  but you're out there, and i'm here waiting  i'd do anything, just to hold you in my arms  to try to make you laugh, cuz somehow i can't put you in the past "
has the best friends in the world  thank you guys so much!!
still can't draw while wearing her shoes 
not feeling good   i hate being sick  
even superman has in off day one in awhile 
bed i have missed you!!!! to bad this is a short visit   
why do i have a feeling today will be my last at rapids??
nom nom nom
"i dropped my fun, i is sad, i want to cry  ):"
i miss <propmale> class   
i can't wait to dress up today!!!
"\i make talk!\"""""
la sigh 
bad day  whatever  life goes on 
-_-
life is beautiful
° joyful °
just leveled up to 20  bitch i'm awesome!
"so i have to stop at thanking people, so tonight or tomorrow i will properly thank all of you   smile "
"there's just something about stealing goldfish from a four year old, that makes them taste so much better!!!"
"you never know, how many ways there are to play just one game, tell you try and e playful lan the rules   thank you uno for being so diffacult "
you make me smile   smile 
"\and i'm gonna be like fuck you bitch! remember facebook?!?!\"""""
"goal for this week: clean house! facebook, please let me do this!!"
the claw!!!
"\college is an e playful ensive adult day care!\""-rocky horror double picture show!"""
i really want to play epic micky 
"drawing, i think its time to   smile "
"to the makers of <propmale> potter, please! please! be as close to the book as it can get it! if you don't i swear i will get kicked out of the theater when i go  thanks ,oh and, ps this means peeves is in it!!!"
"is one lucky chick! yea, i have a good life  its not perfect, but its still a good life to have   smile "
its funny how things never work out the way we want it to  because god wants something better to happen to us 
"was brought into the q&a game  q:i gotta question  laugh  why don't you come back one day with <propfirst> so we can have more pizza with ms  holland?  smile \a:just tell me the day and i'll be there  and i shall bring other man with me   joyful "
"q:have u every messed wit a blck guy \a:i have not "
"dear christmas town; i can't believe i'm asking this, but can you please hurry up and get here? i would really like to go back to work  i miss my park  yours truely, <propfemale> j "
really wants to go to disney right now  sigh 
"from november 15-20, change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon from when you were a kid and invite your friends to do the same  the goal of this game is to not see a human picture on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories until monday7"
you either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain 
what is there left to loose? we'll never be this young again  why wait forever? we'll never be this close again 
yes we have no bananas today!
"all i can say right now is: i'm living the good life  yea, i truely am "
i want to work for disney pixar  that would be amazing   love 
somedays i really wish i didn't look like a 12 year old boy   annoyed 
wants to have a massive hind n go seek party thing haha
why i facebook act so gay right now?? thank you for making me randomly click on things i don't mean to then shut off  it was really nice of you to do so   annoyed 
will you be my <propfemale> plate??
"i don't know what it is about suicidal bunnies, but i love them! i find them to be very entertaining "
this doesnt feel right 
i am thankful for all i have 
first day of christmas town is tomorrow  and iget to work it!! i'm gonna be in germany  a new adventure awaits tomorrow  and no i am not brave enough to shop tomorrow  sorry 
   is really confused now   
"the truth is hard to swallow, but it needs to be said "
new adventures awaits  work soon  time to go make new friends 
"faith, trust, and pixie dust!  smile "
"well it was just a dream, just a moment ago  i was up so high, lookin down at the sky  don’t let me fall  i was shooting for stars, on a saturday night  they say what goes up, must come down, but don’t let me fall "
walking threw festa made me very sad  all i can think of is all the fun times 
watching my favorite movie as a kid  snow white   smile 
things have really changed since last year  wow dude  it's crazy how that always happens 
you must meet my fat boys! fat boys!!
"a day to remember, best quote-able band ever "
really needs to stay offline  i really need to clean  sigh 
"so i think, i want to join the circus "
spirit level: low 
"when i see your smile, tears run down my face  i can't replace "
"<propfemale>, snow white, and sleeping beauty are all gonna be pretty ticked when they find out they all married <propmale> charming!"
i really want to make a gingerbread house and drink hot chocolate while watching the old classic christmas movies 
i wish i could wear my slippers to work  sigh 
"dear confetti, by the end of christmas town i will hate you worse then i do pop corn  thank you for making my life hell tonight  yours truly, <propfemale> l  jardell  ps north pole, i will miss you "
gets to play in park for christmas town  over staffing is sometimes a good thing   smile 
all you can do is hope for the best and e playful ect the worse out of life 
"i will never let you fall\i'll stand up with you forever\i'll be there for you through it all\even if saving you sends me to heaven"
i think its time to do some <propmale> 
    i need a hug    
oh no!!! a sleeping pokemon has blocked the path!!! d:
"click\on the \like\"" button if i have ever made you smile in your life  then", \959261ebf4abf0184a1bd9e8c2e05332,"<propfirst>, you know the drill  give me something to do  haha"
32) you are awesome! you have always made my day with your hug when i go into work  your a great guy and i'm so glad i got to met you and work with you  oh and ps still one of the only people that can scare me   smile 
98745) i miss your stupid butt!!! you are so cool  haha your a good friend and i'm glad i found you again on here 
#800 smile  i love you to death girl!!! i miss you so much  you made jail for kids worth going eeryday  you will always be my daughter don't forget that!!!
"2087) you are really good at making people run into maps  haha you are an amazing person, and i like hearing about your girls  you make good brownies haha i'm glad i got to work some what with you at howl o scream this year   joyful "
 smile  you mean so much to me  i love you to death and i would die for you  you are a great friend and you make lakeland so much fun  your a great wifey  love 
369) we have had a bummpy ride  we've had good and bad times  your like a sister me and it sucks we never talk anymore because were never on myspace the only place we would talk unless we were fighting  i'm glad i met you  and i hope we can be friends still 
77) baby girl where do i start? your so pretty even tho you don't see it  your a great friend and that smile is so cute on you  i've seen you at your worest and best and i love you to death  your simply amazing 
0227) your so cute! you have an epic personality and you can really cook  you made sitting in the green room fun as hell just chillin before we closed  i'm really glad i did catacombs and i got to met you 
"099) i really miss hanging out in the eba with you  your really funny and super cool  you made me want to be like i want to work apollo! the water balloon fight was epic, and by far i'm am really glad i got to met you, you are awesome!!!"
"256) your a bitch, my bitch  haha nah, your really cool, and have a twisted sence of hummor  you made last year a blast  and thanks for the hot chocolate, i was only messing with you haha  thank you for being my friend "
"dear box of chocolates, i may not be able to see you, but if you don't talking all this smack i will eat you all! exepct for the coconut, you can live  yours truly megans sweet tooth "
<propfirst>!! you should send them   smile 
"246 smile  girl, you are so cute and so much fun! i had so much fun with you in floyds with you  i miss you like crazy!!! your an awesome friend and a great person  i love you "
"122122122) you made lakeland a blast  you are smart, you just don't do work  you have an amazing way of thinking  i miss you  you made giving wodley hell so much fun!!!  joyful  sugar rush day!!!!"
"-355872)my ice cream buddy!!!you are the most random, crazy, fun and outgoing person i have ever met  no converstaion with you has ever been boring  you are so awesome  and i really miss the bus rides with you!!"
"676) your really chill  i don't know you that well, but i'm glad i met you "
"21) mr emo <propmale> bear  you are so funny when you do talk  haha you are so cool, super chill  7th block with you was so much fun  and human janga was awesome!! thank you for being my friend and sorry i would bug the hell out of you  i miss your crazzy butt!!"
"1115) to start this off: i really don't know you that well, but what i can tell that you are really chill and really cool  and you became awesome when i saw you had a shinney charizard for your photo "
"6666789)you are my partener in crime, my jail mate  we have seen the worst and seen the best! you have been there for me threw a lot i'm gonna miss having you at work and in va  but i know your gonna go do better things  i love you to death and i'm so glad im friends with you!! i love you to the <propfemale> and back "
420 )my favorite fat man!!! you are so funny!! you are so awesome and really chill  you really was the reason why i din't skip out on that supid woman's class  you ahve style  i miss you so much!!!
"9-your really cool  pretty funny  i don't know you all that well, but what i can tell your a good friend and a cool person  you just confuse me sometimes "
this smile i wear is made by you 
i really miss <propmale>  i think this means i should go back to school 
"i love the movie \grown up's\"" just saying """
"42) you are an awesome person  i miss my fat boy!!! your one of my closest friends, your really funny and the second biggest man whore around  i'm glad you found love with domo "
"0470) chicka, you are amazing  your funny and witty  you have a good head on your shoulders, and really cool  i just wish i got to talk to you more in school  thank you for putting up with my random poping in  haha"
5433) you are really cool  super cute and sweet  i'm glad i met you threw your two best friends   joyful 
really wants some hot chocolate right about now 
color my world pretty 
"mission for the day: get some \in park\"" hot chocolate!!!  smile """
13) your awesome i had a blast with you during prom  your really cool and a fun person 
"365) my original big brother!!! you made summers so much fun! you are so cool, sweet, caring and awesome  i miss you so much!!! i love you "
"592) you made this summer so much fun  you are so sweet, the sweetest person i have ever met  your really fun  i really glad i met you  joyful "
life is just one big joke  and i am the ring master 
"dear comedy central, i have to be up in like six hours   thank you for putting on my favorite movie when it's bed time  no sleep, <propfirst> and silent <propmale> is more important "
i take back all the stuff i have said about snuggies   they are so warm!!
first aid guy man my night  reading maxim on his break  you have me weak 
(267) so before we go on this mission how reliable are you for bailing people out of jail?
"\i think we should duck tape the ornaments to the tree and be done with it  remember 'make it easy' \"""""
mission accomplished 
really wants to have a bonfire and make some smores while drinking some nice hot chocolate!  smile 
every word that has ever fallen out of your lips where lies 
lets put a smile on that face!
you'll never be alone  when darkness comes i'll light the night with stars 
"we know nothing in life is perfect, then why do we still spend our lives looking for something that is perfect?? i just don't get it "
"smile, your still alive  no matter how bad thing get, just smile and thank god your alive  (this is what i tell myself)"
evil plan set into play  wish me luck!  smile 
"thanks mom  now i'm in \cleaning mode\"" gonna try and attack my room  wish me luck  haha"""
no! you'll never be alone! when darkness comes i'll light the night with stars   love 
lets go to the beach!!
i wish i had some pop corn right about now   smile 
"your life is how you make it out to be, make it out to be good  you only get one "
what kinda of choas can we create tonight? let's do this!  smile 
"dear god, please make this night not suck   ughhhhh  i'm done with all this drama "
every day brings something new 
i ate the chicken  sad 
your the first thing and the last thing i think of everyday  all i can say is: i miss you 
"poke] me if u ever had a crush on me  \[like] this if u think imma good friend  \[messege] me if u ever wanted to date me  \[comment] if we share any memories now lets see whos brave enough to repost?"
i've seen <propfemale>'s funniest home videos!! i don't trust these animals!!!
"you know what: fuck all the drama, the bull shit, the morons, the dumb ass, and all the other bad crap  i'm sick of it  i'm not letting you guys get me down any more  i'm gonna have a good time  i don't care what you say about it  after all girls just want to have fun   playful "
does anyone know who to call or ask for a copy of a florida birth certificate?? i need to get a permit and i lost my other one 
"is in a really playfull mood  its kinda weird, haven't been like this in a while  haha "
"you are my greatest strength, you are my greatest weakness "
so just got tripped by the dog  he stepped on my snuggie as i was trying to go down the steps  haha note to self: don't wear the snuggie backwards! oh and <propfemale> christmas everyone 
is waiting on it to snow so i can tie dye my yard  tell then epic micky!!
fuck this god damn phone!!! this is the first time i want to throw this stupid ass phone!!!!!! fucking droid 
fuck your snow man! my snow turtle is better!!!
"go ahead, show me who's boss and delete me from your facebook  that'll show me!!  smile "
"have a good life  i wash my hands of you and your negativity  good day, i said good day!"
that butt munch ate all the cookies!!!! ):
oh god  my road is iced over! still heading up to work   god please watch over us today 
"looking back, it really is crazy how so much can change in just one year  i will be lying if i said i wasn't looking forward to what 2011 will bring "
"why do i always check my phone when i know i never got a text? hopeless, <propfemale>, hopeless   "
just smile  your still living  just smile  things will be better  just smile  you are loved  just smile  just smile 
i think it's time to change   smile 
rednecks amuse me  haha  smile 
afv how i love thee   love 
does anyone know any good temp  agency's?? or where you go to aply for a fafsa?? or a place with scholarships???
"you are my last thought as i fall asleep each night, you are my first thought ever morning  babe you mean a lot to me "
"i can no longer send text  so if you text me and i don't text back that is why  if you need me, just facebook me  -_-"
"no matter what everything is going to be alright, life is just one big joke  i mean after all no one gets out alive   love "
"\a\"" is for awesome! and hun i'm an \""a\""  smile """
epic <propfirst> time!!! i will kick this games ass   stupid mouse!
oh my god!!! mentos + diet soda=pixie sticks + wine cooler    life leason!!
yet again lakeland's ghetto asses is on the news! but not for drugs!! thanks for the change  way to step up the classiness 
"all i have to say is, god i really miss him right now   love "
"causing chaos is just in my nature  i'm crazy, i love the mayhem "
i just found a sharpie!!! ohhhh the possibilities just one pen can do   laugh d
"i'll make my stand, right here with my friends "
"if you could have any superpower, but you can only have one, what would it be? *yes <propfirst> i took your status* =p"
i suddenly want to watch resident evil movies 
fuck my life  i just made it so i can't log onto facebook anymore  way to fuck yourself over <propfemale>  -_-
"\i've never seen a smile that can light the room like yours \"""""
having facebook set to pirate is so awesome! and rather amusing   smile 
"\you had me at hello\"" by a day to remember   love """
epic <propfirst> for the win!!  love 
this is my lame status update on how much i miss my boyfriend 
*palmface*
"\keep your hopes up high and your head down low\""-a day to remember """
"\if you knew you where gonna lose your leg tomorrow would you sit on the couch and cry about it or will you run and jump and do awesome air kicks?\"""""
"\what the hell do you think you're doing?\""-gilbert \""watching midgets \""-kyle  \""get you're monkey ass outside!\""-gilbert """
 laugh 
"i really feel like their is nothing wrong in the world right now  i am that mellow right now, and it is awesome!!  smile "
thanks to <propfemale> peterson i want tropical smoothie now  haha and so does she   playful 
"i just saw the time \11:11\"" i have nothing to wish for  all i need is his love and i'm set for life  we will make it work!!  love """
"dear cece tharps, boo today your journey starts  you are going to do great things! i love you and i hope you will be safe  my heart goes out to you  go kick some ass in school boo  send me pictures!!  smile "
"looking threw old pictures, remembering all the good times and a few bad  all the old faces, and some of the new faces  time is a funny thing  it really is "
"phones a paper weight again, oh yea!"
"i hope you know, i miss you  i love you to death, i would do anything for you  you make my world go round, and even though you're not by my side   you will always be in my heart  i love you rylee <propfirst>   love "
"i will take over the world   just wait and see, which world i take over!  smile "
it's so funny how life works  fate thank you for being so kind to me 
"\regardless of warnings the future doesn't scare me at all \""  love """
"if you love me, comment this status \if you think i am a good friend, like this status \if you ever had a crush on me, poke me \if you hate me, message me why \if your not scared, post this on your wall and see what you get "
nags head? i think so  haha  smile 
has lil <propmale>'s green and yellow stuck in my head  fuck it lets go green and yellow!!!
"dear steelers, step up your game  this is getting boring  -_-"
finally going to dmv tomorrow to try and get my permit  sigh  time to study up some  haha
i got my permit  smile 
"for the record, i have the best boyfriend  k so enough ladies  haha  smile "
is a knight of the round table   smile 
"stressed  looking up ideas them i'm gonna paint this white hat, draw up a few tattoos and paint the dresser "
why do we celebrate a holiday we know nothing about??
just roll the dice and have some faith 
" smile  smile for life is good, hey at least you're alive  smile "
road trip   love  my boyfriend is gonna met my baby  love 
is very grateful   love 
"if tomorrow never comes, i hope you know how much i love you "
"just made my boyfriend relapse into playing video games again, good girlfriend award goes to   someone else  haha"
strawberries  love 
why can't people just leave the past in the past? no they just have to bring back all the hurt  if its in the past that means i don't want it in my future  so drop it already!!!
"banana, i mean <propfemale>   yea <propfemale> hahaha"
"1) i think some people just need to grow up and be an adult  and 2) i think i'm gonna save up and buy a tattoo gun, ink and fake skin  hell why not   smile "
everyday is a gift  live each one like theres no tomorrow and forget about yesterday 
"so putting off any and all tattoos, tattoo gun stuff and unneeded bs  for a little bit   i need to save up for this truck!!!  love "
"dearest mother nature, suck it!!!  xoxo the females of the world "
"if you ever want to make god laugh, just tell him your plans   smile "
found something new out this morning  the ghost busters cartoon has an ape in it  never knew that   i'm so late!  annoyed 
 laugh  finally next week i get to go to work!
kids with special needs aren't weird or odd  they only want what anyone else wants   to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? do this in honor of all children and adults made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are faced with it 
"so today is fat tuesday aka mardi gras  next year so going to new orleans  and of course tomorrow is ash wednesday, gonna give up facebook for lent "
broke lent  fail!!!
but i need tacos   i need them or i will e playful lode  that happens to me sometimes! i  love  gir 
sonic and knuckles for the sega <propfemale> is still bad ass and so much fun  laugh 
next pay check i'm getting a tattoo starter <propfemale>  i really want to start tattooing 
festa rides tomorrow  its gonna be fun   cause i'll make it fun!!  smile  haha
"dear verizon, if this is your april fools prank on us   you're not funny  no hugs and kisses, a very disappointed customer "
is really sick of chidish ass people  for the love of god act your age people!!
job searching wensday  does anyone know any place that's hiring in suffolk or chesapeake??
who needs a gym when you work at busch gardens??
