1faf99af14ad60270834e70a4d50fd65
writing an definition essay for my dual credit class
everyone needs to watch this video on youtube  it's a parody off katyperry's california girls but its called california gays its funny but there are <propfemale> manny hot gay guys doing the dance     grrr  why do so many hot guys have to be gay     no fair
still in pain from pt  feels like someone ripped my shoulders out  gruesome right?
but for some reason the pain is not so bad when i think of what i accomplished friday 
well it's hotter than heck in my dad's house
"i need help from some tech person  here's the problem\i can't get this apple computer to right click like other computers \i'm trying to get this picture off of google images but there's no right click that pops up a little list that has the option where i can click on copy or save  "
i'm also unable to copy and paste  help
going to try out for the <propfirst> <propmale> ultimate frisbee team on sunday     yay goo meee      i hope
check out this video
your american accent -- mi resultado: northern accent  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 836 referrals status?aid=100001554220226
please everyone give a moment of silence    remember those of the innocent who died and those who died fighting for the innocent  god bless <propfemale> 
ewww pit bull is u-u-ugly        now denzel washington    he's someone to make eyes at
"why is it when people on youtube are doing their version of someone elses song do they look like they are in pain      this one girl is singing <propfemale> aguiera song \ you lost me\"" and she keeps squeezing her eyes in pain      i mean jeez if it's that painful to sing don't sing"""
i've been up since yesterday noo sleep
i think i've slept only about six hours this entire weekend so far       yawn      so much to do     sigh
i feel lousy    tired    depressed    i get to spend my weekend alone    everyone is off with some other friend    wow don't i feel special      did anybody ask me if i wanted to  do soemthing over the weekend? nope!! (sigh) it's just one of those days  or maybe it's just the truth  i'm lonely!!!!
blah   blah    blah    can't decide if i want to sleep     maybe i should stay up and watch the korean channel my dad has   they have funny soap operas
you guys have to play this game called shift     it's on yahoo games in the arcade section swimmingly addictive
"i need help finding out the name of this song and the band  \here are some lyrics   \ it's been a long time coming but the tables turned around cause one of us is going one of us is going down"""
thanks <propmale> for helping last night and thanks your sister to it was nice hanging out with you guys and working on my project 
spendin time with trev trev (inside joke) only two people will get it sorry
"if someone asks you what happened to your childhood, tell them    i grew up"
i  have two more outfits to finish and i am done finito  bravo moi!!!
saturday was crazy     helped with traffic at eastside     only some know the full details    but those who know    know it was crazy 
does anyone know if pans labryinth is supposed to be in all spanish or is there and english version
bring out the turkey and stuff yourselves til you burst    well not til you burst    i think
"one of my favorite quotes    \ who wants a twig when you can climb the whole tree\"" from the song \"" big blonde and beautiful\"" <propfemale> latiffa sang it in hairspray"""
ok i'm done trying to message everyone on my friends list <propfemale>        happy thanksgiving everyone who i didn't message
to anyone i just messaged give the video some time it gets funnier
for all of those who don't want know where i went today       well    i went to cracker barrel for thanksgiving dinner      it was gooooooood
need help   can't remember what  this song or the band is called      all i remember about the music video is that    this guy and this girl <propmale> some place     they go to a hide out    she finds out that he's a cop    then the cops arrive     the guy gets the girl to tie him up in a chair   and then to make it look like he was over powered  she takes a small moose head and bashes him in the jaw 
never mind folks i found out what the music video was
"man is least himself when he talks in his own person \give him a mask ,and he will tell the truth  \                                    <propfirst> wilde\\this quote is so true"
my new favorite show of the year  the big bang theory      that is until the new season of burn notice and white collar come back on
i hate when the people your are going to babysit for cancel at the last minute
"get ready for some serious bragging! i baby sat from 8 surprise 0am to 5:10pm, ages, 6,9,8- the third child wasn't one of my usual the mother had recommended me to her friend who brought over her son"
i only baby sat that kid for haklf a day so i got half a day's pay butt the other lady my usual i baby sat for full day hence full day's pay but that's not the best part i went home with a load of cash
get ready for some serious bragging!! i baby sat from 8 surprise 0am to 5:10pm normally i would only be watching two kids but today i baby sat three all together  why? because the lady recommended me to her friend who dropped her son off at her house 
but that's not the best part i walked to and from the lady's house but it all paid off i went home with a load of cash from both ladies  now i can finally yell hey anyone got change for a twenty
my entrepeneurship paid off   all those days walking in cold weather door to door handing out home made brochures paid off  i'm counting the money now     thankyou jesus for giving me a brain
true friends stab you in the front
be true to your teeth and they won't be false to you
pray for snow i need to work tommorrow
all you  first period senior english 101 students hope you didn't forget about hte test in mr  lentz's class
don't get me wrong i love school   but   ugh   school
every one shake heather's hand she enlisted this week    god bless all american enlistees and soldiers
if you see <propfirst> mays shake her hand she enlisted  god bless enlistees and soldiers of the u s a!!!!!!!!
"god made us to have free will to make our own choices   when we are young our parents make them for us    but i believe regardless of what choice a parent may have made for you ; in the end when you are apart from them, you have the choice  look at the world no longer throught their eyes but yours   in other words think for yourself"
when i die  i want my name to be spelled out in scrabble tiles on my tombstone   any one else ever thought about what they want on their tombstone
no school today   kinda bad   but    i got to work today so    who cares!!! life is good to me !!!
any other day i would have been happy to have snow    any other day but wednesday  the lady i baby sit for doesn't need a baby sitter on wednesdays
"i'm thankfull for snow\a) it kills all the nasty spiders!\b) it brings beauty to landscape\c) it prevents me from going to school but allows me to work"
if anyone play cityville   become my neighbor lol!!
"it says i  just won a free apple ipad from facebook!!!\should i trust it and finish the survey?"
exscuse the language   but  senior benifit had better be a damn good show!!! a damn good show!!!! or i'll be asking for my money back!!
"i think more than anything ,the egyptian protestors lack a plan  unlike the u s  they don't have the founding fathers we had ;who planned out exactly what was needed and how it was supposed to be done  my mom says we have the british to thank for our proffessional way we went about declaring our independence "
"does any one know what the devil the song \whip it\"" by devo is about ?"""
check out my doggy pics and tell me if you think my dogs are irresistable  
i'm eating this chinese curry rice egg dish topped with ranch topped with korean kimchi   it's good the toppings i added just for the heck of it 
i'm eating glazed blueberry donut balls  they  are good
i got my picture taken with ms  kentucky today  i asked her if her crown was real and she said yes and let me touch it  we met representatives some nicer than others  the car ride to frankfort and back was a blast!!!! fantastic  in my books the rally went xtremely well!!! we made our voices heard
i went to a bridal shop tonight it was awesome!!
i went to a bridal shower tonight it was awesome
"i finally finished my paper  yeehaw!!! now i can start living again!!!!  although i may need a little help figuring out whether or not my work cited <propfemale> is correct!!! other thna that  i'm free!! free at last , free at last  i had a dream  a dream that one day i would finish my paper "
i'm going to have to learn the dougie in less than two days     wish me luck     i hope i don't embarass myslef at my bro's wedding    lord help me!
i shall conquer this dance   i shall!
this is a nightmare!! it's like trying to eat with chopsticks while doing the tango  
"the wedding rehearsal went great  i was skeptical and felt awkward throught the first half but the second half (meal time, toasts) i felt more comfortable  tommorrow is the big day "
may my brother and his soon to be wife live happily ever after!!!
just got back from the wedding party    oh it was beautiful !! <propfemale> my new sister in-law was stunning! <propmale> my bro he came at a close second! i met new people who were both friendly and spiritual   and i look forward to a bright future with the <propmale> family!! love ya <propfemale> and <propmale> have a wonderfull <propfemale> <propfemale>!!!
