acacabd93c8507f9002834a64134accd
"old pic   will post new one soon   i hope that all is well for everybody, and that life itreats y'all good   talk to you soon!"
annoyed    i put up a new pic and now a new mystery   very annoying!
life goes on and i miss my ladies     mwah!!!!!  i love y'all so much   y'all are never too far from my thoughts   hello everyone    i miss you too and i can't wait to get home!
"hey y'all    i hope that all is well for you, and i hope that you have a great day   life is fun for me and i can't wait to be back home again   to be near my wife for along time   mwah <propfemale> and i miss my ladies a lot   hey family and friends!  i miss you guys as well and i love all of y'all a lot   "
"hello y'all      i have put up new pics into the afghanistan, me, and misc albums     check them out, and let me know what you think of them "
"to all of you that do play on the framville, can you help me build a bigger chicken coop?  i would greatly appreciate it and i hope that you guys are willing to help "
"to all of you that do \play on the framville, can you help me build a bigger chicken coop?  i \would greatly appreciate it and i hope that you guys are willing to \help  i am alive and well over here, so i will be home soon     i appreciate all of your support, and i can't wait to get home and see all of y'all very soon   time is flying and it will be gone before y'all know it "
"well everyone, i am happy to say that i am doing good and that my homecoming should be awesome    i have plans made with some people, and will make more when i get home   i will be here for a while, but i can't wait to get home and when i d we will <propfemale> out (or you will hear from me more often at least   )   <propfemale> <propfemale> for now!\                                   spc barcomb"
"i don't get it    i try to do the best i can, and i still get the short end of the stick   guys, i don't know howmuch longer i can keep this up    i am sorry for letting you down and not being able to hold it together longer   i love you bb, and i miss all of y'all very much "
"things are looking up     i am very thankful for everybody's support in this time of need, and i hope that all of y'all have a great day!"
"well, me and <propfemale> have been married a year now, and i am still over here     fortunately, we are almost done here, so i will be home soon "
"well, i am almost home, so i can't wait to <propfemale> out with everybody and get home     i hope that all is well for all of y'all, and i will talk to you later on   i love you <propfemale>   "
"to all of my friends and family back home (all over the usa), i love you guys and miss you lots    y'all take care and i will see you when i get home!!"
"getting ready to go home     i miss you guys a lot, and i can't wait to get home and make sense of this past year   i love you guys, and i can't wait to see you soon "
"i am very close to being home, so then i can <propfemale> out with all of y'all   in time of course     have a great day!"
"the computers here suck, so i am on, but the chat part isn't    bad computer!!!!!!  send me a message and i will respond that way   at least for now   "
"well, i am one step closer to home, so i can't wait to see y'all soon    i hope that all is well with all of y'all, and i can't wait to see y'all again!  i should be home for a while, so i will make sure to see all of y'all when i can "
almost home guys    i will be home before you know it and i will let you know from there   
"i will be home tomorrow, so i will talk to everybody then     i miss all of y'all and i hope that all is well   "
"happy thanksgiving all     i am home and i am very thankful for that   be thankful for what you got, and the family around you   talk to y'all later, and i hope that you have a good thanksgiving "
be right back guys     i have to reboot my computer
