a47baf4e2550f78f90f0e309946650c5
yea im about to get off this     got some serious studyin to do but hit me up on the celly 912-674-6475   love yall
i cant believe all this stuff happening to me      am i such a bad person? jb just talk ish about me to his guys and im sitting here like wtf fml
pretty depressed       txt or call me 674 6475   k bye
its crazy how you hate being single but you see all these couple right in your face     fml (where's the love ppl    haha) well get at me on the cell 9126746475 ?
gots to go     but like i said txt me 9126746475
bored      really gotta get off but prolly not gonna
chillin out doin homework      txt the celly 9126746475
"love is never wanting to lose faith, never wanting to give up, and never truly moving on  love is knowing and praying in the deepest part of what's left of your heart that they feel the same "
"love is     when you don't want to go to sleep, because reality is better than a dream "
i wish that i could take a journey thru your mind and find emotions that you always try to hide     i do believe that there's a love you wanna share i'll take good care of you baby have no fear ?
man why do i feel the need to talk to him so bad     ? talk to me yall ?
i see the way he looks at me in class     its adorable but does it mean anything  but i dont want anything to do with him cuz someone else is in mind  wink 
"somehow, someway    im still so into you! ?"
"what if i fall? would you catch me,  in your arms,  and let me <propfemale> on your chest? or would you let me fall, letting me think that you were going to catch me, but at the last second,  just walk away?"
my names not <propmale> but you can tickle me anyway      haha im funny
ugh ok school     get to see him in first block so thats an upside ?
"we come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly  only after we have lost everything, are we free to do anything    throw things out there and not be perfect and not have answers to anything and see if people understand  ?"
 smile  i saw him for a quick second but it still made me happy      goin out to eat lader yay! txt me yalls <propfirst>     got a new celly
do you ever get the feeling that you need to buy a gun just to shoot yourself?
"having the worst day anyone could ever have     cheer me up please, 912-674-6475"
man these dudes is dumb callin my phone at almost 11 last nite     anyways bout to go to school to see him ?
flksljf     wtf idk  bored so hit me up yall     oh and i still need my <propfirst> again so send em to me and ill appreciate that 674-6475
yeah i guess its out in the open now    
"i show ya how to do it what i do is really magic, abracadabra tricks are for kids silly rabbit"
i just heard dat i was the baddest in the town so i came down and had to pick up my crown went to taiwan and had to pick up my wand now everybody wanna pick up my sound
"you're playin' it cool, i know what you do i feel like a fool, but i would be feelin' it anyway cause nobody loves me you're messin around, i figured you out you're takin' me down, but i would be feelin it anyway, cause nobody loves me, like you do  boy you know it's bad when you do that"
"i want your love, love love love, i want your love     why does this keep playing in my head          i want your love and i want your revenge, you and me can write a bad romance                 "
chicken and waffles is amazing! i was hungry as crap   
someone needs to tell me what i should do today! any ideas at all          
ugh bored as heck        txt me  smile 
life is bananas!!!!
txt me 9126746475  ?
"im like a model, i walk the runway      haha idk ?"
ok im here chillin    need my <propmale> to come over so we can talk 9126746475 ?
we're on semi-good terms but idk where its gonna go  confusion confusion confusion    
ohmigeez i feel like im dying  sad       help me
k doin this jank homework    haha jank  playful  txt me 674 6475
"aww he is too cute    but today was absolutely fantastic (found 6 bucks, but only have 5 now      your welcome <propfemale> kat!)  he's still on my mind 674 6475 ?"
"why dont guys just ask you what your name is or just come up and talk to you if they wanna talk??? they just stand there and be like aye gurl my boy wants to talk to you or hey cutie! i mean that not my name, get it right      the name is undrea <propfirst> ferebee ?"
txt me guys 674*6475     love yall ?
"ugh      im so tired of these camden dudes, they all the same  why cant we meet some nice boys for once in a lifetime instead off the jerks, assholes, players, or whatever you wanna call em?  ?"
maybe i found that one who is above the rest     you know who you are ?
"drama, dumbass boys, more drama, more dumbass boys      notice how i said boys, not guys, dudes, or men  they are all little immature boys that are <propmale> players  (except for my bff ?) txt me 674 6475"
gosh      this boy is crazy in love with me  funny funny stuff (he's cute though) ? 674*6475 txt me smile 
"this boy is stupid, called me over then said nothing (i must truly amaze him haha) but i like somebody thats not him, oh well ?"
"not thinkin straight, my mind is goin in all directions     im thinking about him and him not knowing which is right, help me decide    ?"
"i like him alot and i sorta kinda just a teeny weeny bit like him too, see how my mind is goin in crazy-like directions       just as a zebraffe would say \wtf!\"""""
he's forever in my mind       wtf ? 674*6475
im tryna figure out some way to tell him exactly what im feelin at this moment! cant he just take a hint? ? txt me
"i feel like we never talk anymore, i see you at school and its awkward     i really miss you ? txt me yall 6746475"
ugh school      i still miss him like crazy
"i still like have those feelings for him no matter what, i try to make it clear to him but i never sticks, what do i do to make him realize that its him who im truly fighting for, none of them other dudes are stuck in my head except for him ?"
"i feel it all over my body i dream about you when i sleep you're the one for me, you're the one you're the one for me, you're the one all the signs say that ever since the day that we laid eyes on each other baby you're the one for me, you're the one you're the one for me"
hoping i can get that job      so many new people to meet just like last nite  smile  haha ?
been working hard to get this money i need    aint workin too great but its cool i guess  he be lookin me up n down like he got somethin to say but its really cuz i looked good today  smile  he cute but he need to talk
idk why he's still on my mind     its never gonna end up my way no matter how hard i try  do i straight up just say i like you? but then what? ?
"txt the cell, gettin off 6746475 ?"
love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does  love is a battle; love is a war; love is        ?
iss sucks     no point in going
"ha wow     no matter what i do or how i act around him, he still doesnt get it! ?"
ugh   this thing sucks maybe cuz idk how to use a blackberry  haha
"gettin my mind off this crap thats goin on   why do people gotta talk, just come ask me if you really wanna get the facts straight   camden people dont know how to not gossip"
"ha school today was      very interesting  boy on puberty, yes    cramps like a b***h, yes    well tomorrow's another day and im lookin forward to seein my lil friend ?"
pretty good day today     whats with all the booty comments these days? haha well hit me up on the celly 6746475?
cell phone scare was almost a tragedy    its all good now i gots it! day was kinda crappy but ill be fine as long as you're there ?
been a good few days and ready for school to be over and my 3 bffs to come back to camden ?
something crazy is taking over me    he has that affect on me that i cant e playful lain ?
"ok get him to the greek was just hilarious but dont go with your mother, on a sunday, when she doesnt kno its rated r    (she picked it, not me)"
im bored so i put my hair in this ridiculous bun ponytail thing on the top of my head    its actually quite cute but im not going in public like that  ilovehim
i want some fried chicken 
3oh!3 is absolutely hilarious with my first kiss     she will never get enough once she gets that little touch if i had it my way you know that i'd make her oooh     funny stuff
never been so bored in my entire life     txt me 6746475
i think its so funny how ppl talk about you and pretend like we dont know who they're talking about; they need to be straightened out    helovesme!
"things happen for a reason i guess   so im officially 'grounded ' no phone, no weekends, no nothing "
"these dudes is hilarious! 3? t h r e e ? im gettin it, haha  headin for my state; alabama; friday; sooo ready"
wondering how i've ever made it this far    hope the diagnosis isn't too harsh (dr's office) cancer; my sis; my aunt; i hope not me too  we'll see how it goes and i'll see what the heck this thing is    pray for me
"im deeper than you think  you just gotta get to know me, you know?"
"actually i lie, im really hurt i just need to figure out what and who i want (and need)"
"apparently i'm a bitch, idk how many times and how many people have called me that but its cool; i guess i am  smile  i could care less about th immature lil boys who call my phone and leave immature lil messages; cuz thats rite, you are immature!"
"if you really knew me    you would know that you know nothing about me \im loving that show rite now but its so true, high school is brutal; you do what it takes to fit in even if you're totally different from who you <propfemale> out with  we're scared of what others think; the main reason why one of my best friends is one of my worst enemies "
"the best thing to do is move on and forget about it rite? its easier said then done i guess    life goes on; wake up with a smile everyday; the smiles and laughs make the days go on, and its better off that way; no drama, no stress"
passing out is absolutely no fun! never had that happen before    now i've learned to drink lots of water and eat breakfast  i love ms <propmale>  smile 
"why does he always make me feel that way? its like he draws me in every time    its crazy, why wont he quit?"
"its happening all over again        why cant he just give a straight answer!? it would make much more sense if he let me kno, at least i think so "
<propfemale> you're amazing but you got to back off my cute little freshie! haha i love band camp   
<propfemale> he is the most adorable thing i've seen    and so sweet  smile  he makes band camp great! lol i had fun today 
i told him that we should take a break from things so i can see what i want  i mite be finding someone else that is more       me  i just feel bad  sad 
things are finally turning around    another half day tomorrow; open house wednesday; school thursday  smile  i want my answer but i guess thats not happening anytime soon  <propfirst> beiber is the ish! (eff the lames in band who dont like the song lol jk)
"there comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus soley on the good  after all, life is too short to be anything but happy "
yesterday was pretty interesting talking to khoury newbold and mikal newbold (he's funny  smile ) today is open house; tomorrow is the first day of school as a <propmale>! ootoot!
sirius music channels + dish network = happiness
i still don't know what time the movie starts    i think its kinda important that i know these things lol  2012 ootoot!
idk wat to do for my birthday    any ideas?
wow things have been crazy lately    especially since i havent be on facebook  ive been out of it! chillin today still tryna figure out wat to do for the b-day  smile  16 is coming!
im mad i never got told! on to better things: this kid is an angel  smile 
so tennessee plays florida today    i love the vols but its gonna be a shoot out!
"chillin at the house rite now  need to make some plans, so hit me up on the cell 9126746475  smile "
"tears are flowing rite about now, cant find a way to stop em "
"if a guy would tell a girl everything that <propmale> mars said in just the way you are, she would love him forever  that is the sweetest song i've heard in a while"
maybe chillin with him today    today is gonna be a good day either way  smile 
watching these crazy animals   needing something to do  smile 
some guys are just jerks and some are sweethearts just like him ; he makes me happy
"what to do, what to do ; get at the cell"
go bama ! ! ! ! !
"he got <propfemale> mad that i couldn't chill with him yesterday ; not my fault ; had a pretty good day yesterday , hoping today is even better  smile "
"homecoming : really ; what's that ?\ha homecoming is overrated ! - <propfemale> phillips"
"want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world , like i'm the only one that you'll ever love , like i'm the only one who knows your heart ; like i'm the only one that's in command , cuz i'm the only one who understands how to make you feel like a man - rihanna"
he's special     in an all too good way  smile 
is it that hard to find decent people (meaning guys) in camden county ? you find a few that seem to look good on the outside but what about the rest ? how do you know its not too good to be true ?
its cold outside   and i don't feeling like going to school   oh well  
idk what to think anymore ; am i doing the rite thing or should i let it go ? everything is just so confusing at this point        
"you understand me, at least you say you do, lately thats enough for me, looking for perfect, surrounded by artificial, you're the closest thing to real i've seen, sure everyone has their problems, thats a given, yours are the easiest to tolerate, this wasn't what we was wanting, how we're living, but let's take this good enough and turn it to great, baby understand, we can only be as good as we both make - neyo  love "
im confident that this can work out ; somehow
its gonna be all smiles now  smile  haha i have a special gift
"all i can do is take things day by day ; happiness seems to be just around the corner , so i'm willing to wait until it comes  smile \\i realized that i'm really good at making people smile"
so <propfemale> <propmale> hit <propfemale> o'steen in her dickleg and me a katarina <propmale> thought it was hilarious    and kat you should really listen to the radio more often because you're lame! but i  love  you  smile 
"i don't pretend to know what love is, but i can tell you what it is for me; love is knowing all about someone, and still wanting to be with them more than any other person, love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself, including the things you might be ashamed of, love is feeling comfortable and safe with someone, but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room and smile at you "
yesterday was good     dequan deondré <propfirst> is the funniest person ever!
i love bus rides to football games     all with my bus buddies : halie shipley  ; <propfemale> hinman ; <propfemale> <propmale>   on the way back was very fun!
im eating steak and potatoes for dinner  smile  today has been boring ; talked to somebody tho  love 
its almost 2 in the morning ; im watching pet cemetary ; and im pretty much bored out of my mind        
"i love all yall that wished me a happy birthday, yall made this day even better! so thank you  smile "
"i love all yall that wished me a happy birthday, yall made this day even better so thank you  smile "
"overall i had an amazing birthday, other than the time spent waiting for the police lol  some people made it super special for me so thanks  smile  i love shopping!"
"when i'm sad, he makes me smile ; when i started to cry, he dried up my tears      that's what a guy is supposed to do  wink "
cool fall nites are amazing with amazing people  wink  last nite was one of the best i've had in a long time    too bad there was only one <propfemale> to look at 
"at this point im satisfied with what i have  life is good rite now, i hope everyone elses is also  smile  i love halie and <propfirst>! my bf is amazing "
i'm very very happy rite now  love 
"i really hope dequan knows he's gonna get beat up when i see him       nerd day, hmm is it worth it ? anyways , im going to walmart    love "
its amazing how two people can be on the same exact same <propfemale> on sooo many different topics ; its completely wonderful that it could be him ;  love 
you know you like a person when you get butterflies every time you see that person        love 
im excited for what mite happen today       i get to <propfemale> out with my bff and my bf  love 
"no matter what i do , no matter how hard i try , he is always on my mind       i cant shake it ; i dont know why  love "
how do you know if everything is going good when you have no clue what good is     love 
its coming up on a month    i guess things are going pretty good  love 
"been doing really good lately       i think i finally know whats real and whats not   i love yall halie shipley , <propmale> enfuego <propfirst> , <propfemale> hinman , and everyone else       going to atlanta tomorrow to see the family  smile  i get to see my sweet little cousins        love "
so i hate when you try to be a friend to people when their down but then they act like complete strangers         i dont understand it but im not gonna waste my time on stuff like that
i love this time of year ; christmas time       im wrapping presents for everybody  smile 
how do i know who i can trust now        
i dont get it        im not getting what all this means ; i guess its whatever       
<propfemale> i cant figure out this dude name! omg im gonna be mad the rest of the night cuz i dont remember!!!!
"heading to the car show in jacksonville  smile  just chillin tomorrow, hit me up if you wanna <propfemale>"
i really need to do somethin today   
dont get your friends to talk to me for you     man up!
sooo my my mom almost burned the house down  annoyed  talking on the phone and cooking (while in the bedroom) is not a good idea
"the bad thing about dish is that when it rains, you got no tv  annoyed  but thank god for dvr! its game time     lol"
you can't fly!!!! lol (i love <propfirst> phillips)
"<propfemale> the dumb review lady was gonna call an administrator on me because i was laughing, lol    <propfemale> dumb"
heading to miami   \\ncruise leaves at 5  smile \\ni'm sooo excited
heading to miami    cruise leaves at 5  smile  i'm sooo excited
"cant text or call til saturday, just got in my room on the celebrity century in miami, ready to leave   love "
"cant text or call til saturday, just got in my room on the celebrity century in miami, ready to leave  love "
