13e999f8aaef71a5454ab4d64367b1cc
is bored
is painting   smile 
is off work and now bored  what to do?
needs an adventure
has had an awful day
is thinking things are looking better smile 
has a busy week ahead
is packing sad 
just can't seem to do anyhting right
loves retail therapy
is tired sad 
back to the work tomorrow
needs a new perspective   smile 
had a very productive day laugh 
is enjoying the sun
wants it to be thursday already!
has been trying to save baby bunnies all morning from my furiuos dog 
is packing 
is headed back to murfreesboro tomorrow!
is enjoying her new aptarment smile 
is working then headed home for my forgotten charger annoyed   since my phone dead 
is still with dead phone and no charger sad 
has been so lazy today
is excited for tomorrow night  love   smile 
finished with the first day! smile 
birthday weekend   21 finally!!! smile   love 
just had a very sucessful day of shopping  now if i could only find a shower curtain i like   smile   love 
par-tay time  laugh   love 
"thanks everyone for the birthday wishes, it was great    and yes i'm still alive smile   love "
is looking forward to girls' night   love 
"is still tired ,even after sleeping all day "
o wow   laugh 
is cold    brrr  smile   love 
wants sunshine 
    hehe laugh   love 
thinks it really is the simpliest things that make us truly happy   smile   love 
really hopes today gets better   sad 
    where did it all go?
loves being able to see the sun finally   love 
is tired and wants work just to be over with  sad 
is so tired   time for a nap smile 
has a very busy day ahead 
has made a huge mess of the kitchen  lol
has gotten so much accomplished today  smile   love 
"just wishes she could find one, just one "
can't wait for girl's night out 
just watching tv and relaxing 
"\forgiveness is forgiveness \"""""
has a headache 
thinks it's time for something new    smile 
can't wait for halloween smile 
"is ready for cold weather, bonfires, carving pumpkins, corn-mazes, and haunted houses   yay fall!"
needs more sleep   annoyed 
feels bad sad 
is freezing 
is gonna have a productive day tommorrow  smile 
slept through her first class this morning  sad 
study study work study sleep study 
happy halloween  smile 
hates <propmale> history sad 
is hoping for a good day tomorrow 
so much for a good day     sad 
will never understand   love 
had fun smile 
hopes this week goes by fast   love 
is happy and enjoying life   love  (8  love 
loves all her classes being caanceled today   what luck    hello weekend!!!  smile 
is ready for a change of pace   
"loves <propfirst> vitale, <propfemale> <propmale>, <propfirst> bush, and <propfemale> canek  love "
loved girls night  smile 
finally is at home relaxing   smile 
is in such a good mood smile 
is trying to keep this good mood but is finding hard on a day like today 
is dreading getting up @ 4
is ready for tonight  smile 
is ready for thanksgiving!!!  smile 
is cleaning     smile 
is bored sad 
thinks there must be something to do other than be bored on a friday night 
just found out her sister is in the er under surgery   sad 
is already in the christmas spirit   smile 
is excited for tonight  smile 
can't wait to be back home   love   smile 
is home   smile 
has been home for only a few hours and is already bored   annoyed 
survived working black friday @ kohl's 
needs a break    
is so tired 
is bored  
is already on campus and will be here til four tomorrow!  sad 
plz let me just make it through my next class   then it's some drinks @ camino and sleep smile 
can't wait to see my <propfirst> vitale tomorrow!!!
is ready to have some fun  smile 
wishes this rain would stop 
needs a new phone
is bored  annoyed 
"is <propfemale> garden, shopping, laundry, wrapping, packing, and work tommorow   then home   smile "
is so tired   l think i'll just wait til tomorrow morn to drive back home 
is back in murfreesboro 
   let the partying begin  smile 
doesn't want to go to work 
feels frozen
is ready to celebrate some <propfirst> vitale  smile 
is bored
girls' night!!!
has no phone  sad 
what's to do something outside in the great weather  smile 
is gonna have fun tonight smile 
doesn't feel so great
hmm    what to do?
needs to get things in order 
relaxingg and cleaning 
hasn't had the best day   hopefully dear <propfirst> will make it better 
misses the sun 
"\i'm kinda hungry i think i\""ll go with the jello shot   atleast i get jello\""-maggie  lol"""
is trying to kill time on campus until three
doesn't want to go to her 6-9 class
"is glad i got everything accomplished today already, now to be lazy "
is excited about bonnaroo!!!
is enjoying this beautiful day   love 
o me o my    
what to do   what to do?
is so tired of the same   
 love     love     love     love     love   
is outside  smile 
busy  busy  busy 
can't wait for tomorrow  smile 
got my bonnnaroo ticket!! yeah yeah!
loves tie-dye   love 
"   if i had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense  nothing would be what it is, because everyhting would be what it isn't  and contrary wise, what is, wouldn't be  and what wouldn't be, it would  you see?"
needs sleep
is cooking dinner then watching a movie and relaxing 
    color me happy 
is headed back home for abit 
work=awful 
needs to study but can't
is forgetting about her six o'clock class   ooops 
is having a lazy day 
is drinking sparkletinis with <propfemale>!!!
is glad to be done with work 
needs to wake up  
    boredom   
is watchin <propfemale> drunk cross-bitch    think how much i'm gonna miss her   sad 
sunglasses 
needs to get things in order 
head not heart   head not heart    head not heart    
"loves these random, une playful ected, odd nights "
is relieved that my test isn't today but mad cause i'm now 3 hrs early on campus with nothing to do 
"best retail therapy ever  three purse , a necklace, and hair accessory= $20 that should have equaled $120    yay me!!!!"
well hello beautiful day   smile 
    sometimes you have to do things wrong to know whats right 
spending the day with her mom 
needs something fun to do after this awful day at work 
  so pretty outside!!!! happy easter!!!  love 
needs a nap    i hate this 6-9 class 
yay out of class early time to enjoy the night!!!
"is back home for a bit, but can't wait to celebrate this weekend!!!"
let the party begin!!!  love 
recovery    
"watching tv, working out, and doing homework "
"has had a really productive morning    workout, class, meet with advisor,and now cleaning room "
homework in the sunshine then going out  smile  
"\life doesn't always turn out to be a fantasy  that's why you need friendships that are real to get you through it \"""""
is enjoying my day off   but wishes the sun would come out 
needs to go shopping
is cleaning and getting ready for the weekend!  smile 
is ready to wake up tommorrow and have a great day 
really hopes this week gets better  soon plz!
wishes it was friday already 
girl's night    smile !!!
is having a great day  smile 
might as well just stay up and watch a movie since this weather isn't gonna let me sleep 
   mtsu finals canceled tommorrow   
is bored even though i know i should use this time to study 
needs something happy to happen 
"study, study, study   anyone up to keep me company   smile "
really wishes i had made it to my last <propfemale> of notes last night studying instead of this morning    when i see the big note i left myself saying the test isn't til thursday  fml
laying out all day   now hot tub time 
starting the summer off with cinco de mayo tommorrow!!!!
yeah yeah    no 6 o'clock friday final for me   got an a!!! smile 
done with finals  hello summer!!!  love 
is glad to be finallly off from work 
in hendersonville tryin to fix my car 
giving up doesn't always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go 
wants to go camping 
is enjoying my day off    smile 
needs an adventure      love 
loves summer nights!
"is happy watching the \little mermaid\"" and eating trix """
is doing nothing all day   smile 
girl's night    sleepover  with <propfirst> vitale and <propfemale> <propmale> !!!
hello beautiful friday  please be the start of a great weekend!!!
loves and is gonna miss <propfirst> vitale soooo    much!!!  love 
is looking forward to being off and at the pool tommorrow 
is in a great mood on this beatiful day!
is making this best of things   love 
planning bonnaroo!!!
is having a great day    work   pool   now out with the girls   smile   love 
yay   bonnaroo ticket is here!!!
has had a very long weekend  of work    one more day of it and then free  smile 
day 1 of the week long break: hanging out with roomate in nashville!
had an amazing day   can't wait for tommorrow!!!
can't sleep   6 o'clock is gonna come too soon!!!
"is back home in hendersonville, beginning to pack and plan for bonnaroo!!!  love "
is shopping and packing for bonnaroo!!!  love 
back to the boro i go   love 
"survived bonnaroo,had a blast, but glad to be home,and is already planning on next years trip!  love "
"it's a good night,   eating some ice cream and watching the game "
go celtics!!!
off work early   smile 
bonnaroo pics finally up  love   smile 
is gonna enjoy my day off tomorrow   smile 
headed back home toward hendersonville 
going to nashville rising concert to hear some great music with my dad for a late father's day!  smile 
had a great time at nashville rising last night    now back to murfreesboro   love 
yay   i get another day off tomorrow!!!
off from work   now dinner and a good movie   love 
is so bored! sad 
it's been a pretty good day minus the rain  smile 
has the day off tomorrow but so muchto do   headed home for a bit 
"dmv, stop in @ moms, and go see <propfemale> for a bit   then back to the boro   smile "
i'm thinking   pool tommorrow   love 
"headed to bed, getting up early to make that mula smile     at least i get to see the fireworks tommorrow!!!  love "
is it thursday yet????   plz  sad 
off from work now to enjoy the afternoon and paint   smile   love 
is gonna enjoy the next 3 days off!  love 
this is turning out to be such a great day!  love 
wishes the weather would make up its mind   love 
"gonna hangout with dad for a bit, then go have some fun tonight     smile   love     i love saturdays off !!!!"
"  no love lost, no love found "
just another monday   annoyed 
has an early morning   good night   love 
uuuh    rough day @ work     now time for a quick nap   love 
is looking forward to sleeping in   smile 
"enjoyed sleeping in now to be busy   clean, grocery, and work    when did i become such an adult   geez!  smile "
uh    i can't go back to sleep    and its my day off   really!!!!  annoyed 
"somethings gotta give   somethings gotta give me butterflys, somethings make me feel alive,  somethings gotta give dreams tonight, somethings gotta make me feel alright    i don't know where it is but somethings got give   love "
"is ready for fall, football, tailgating, scarfs, boots, cool weather, beanies, and school "
is having a great day off    pool day and movies with the girls!  smile   love 
uuuhhh   i'm so angry at myself!!!!
needs change 
is ready for my sunday funday   off tomorrow!!!  smile 
is having a great day!  love 
"has an early, long, and busy day tomorrow   :"
  uh  i need a nap!
loves being lazy today!  love 
having a girl's day!
is ready for some cooler weather 
has a busy next couple of weeks   before i know it school is gonna be here     sad 
loves rainy lazy days!!!
so hide your kids   hide your wives           and hide ya husbands cuz they rapin errbody outhere!!!
a box of pizza and a bottle of wine    love 
   <propmale> you'll always be loved and missed    your family will be in my prayers   love 
"    i wish this actually felt like the weekend, and i dont have to work the entire time "
   <propfemale> panda  yes plz   smile 
   pool  smile 
is up to no good  (;
loved seeing <propfirst> vitale   miss you   promise i'll come see you in memphis!  love 
   pool     love 
yay   i finally fixed my computer!
iz enjoying this beautiful day   home back in hendersonville!!!  love 
is so excited to see <propfemale> atherton tonight!!!  love 
is already having a great weekend!!!  love 
sitting in my first class of the semester    seems good so far    smile 
is ready to tailgate!
  lazy friday   love 
is cooking dinner with ms  <propfemale> <propmale> and having a glass of wine   love 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone  love      i'm starting this beautiful day off  with a little shopping!!!  smile 
thanks everyone one for the birthday wishes!!!  love 
is never going to health services again!!!
is so glad to be feeling a bit better 
   i need to get my life back in order 
"is bout to be very productive and paint, get some homework done, and clean   or take a nap   hmmm   wink   love "
just wants to feel better!
hates vague homework assignments 
all i need is me to get by   smile   love 
has too much work and not enough time!!!
needs a break!!!
homework  homework   homework
busy day    and i'm already behind!  annoyed 
uhh  so tired work was not fun    and back at 9 tomorrow   :
home from work  now hw  annoyed 
great day so far!  love 
is having lunch with <propfemale> mchenry!  love 
3 midterms and a busy work schedule     fall break plz!!!
midterms  annoyed 
  got my halloween costume!!!
lazy   lazy day    but already a great start to break!  love 
headed back to the boro 
back to reality   dreading work tomorrow!
paranormal activity 2
is now freaked out  thank you parnormal activity 2!
is finally free from work   now some fun!!!
can't wake up from my np to write a paper  uh!
actually got everything accomplished today   bring on the weekend!!!  love 
girls' night!  love 
     brrr!!!
     trick or treat?  love 
has a long week ahead 
   busy day 
work  work  work  love 
bored  and can't sleep  :
brrr     love  !
homework  annoyed 
time to get some things done  love 
has had a very good and productive day  wish i had sunday off every week 
life is as simple as you make it   love 
work  sad 
this q&a thing for status is pissing me off    why do u ppl think that i care and need to be updated about some your random conversation in ur inbox! stop!!!!!    it's not cute it's annoying 
putting up  the christmas decorations tomorrow!  love 
finally registared for classes!
camino time with <propfemale> <propmale>!  love 
off work    now what?
has had a great night!
"thought putting this pr portfolio together would rive me crazy ,but i'm actually enjoying it   smile "
"what to thank the person who broke into my car last night an stole my backpack with my school books, you've made finals next week fantastic and    thanks for leaving my door open all night to find this morning @ 5 so my battery could die making me 3hrs late for work   happy thanksgiving!!!!  sad "
getting ready to head to springhill for thanksgiving!
wishes it was monday already!
loved burlesque!!!!  love 
is gonna enjoy not waking up before 5am for the first time in weeks tomorrow!!!!  love 
ooops overslept   looks like no class today   and christmas festivities tonight with miss <propfemale> <propmale>!!!!  love 
    dead car battery   plans canceled tonight   hope this weekend gets better 
and so the last day of classes begins 
study study study!  love 
yeah   unless things change im not taking the <propmale> in the mustange tomorrow to work  it was already risk business getting home today 
christmas movies and hot chocolate!!!  love 
has had a very good morning so far hopefully exams go better 
"home in gallatin, presents are wrapped and under the tree      ready for christmas!\\<propfemale> christmas!!!  love "
time to do some <propmale> cleaning so i can start this new year of right!  love 
ah    day off   but bored with nothing to do  annoyed 
"   \the best nights are never planned   so lets just go with it!\"""""
brrrr    is freezing!!!!
is painting   love 
is without a cellphone til saturday afternoon    sad 
yeah!!!! let's go raider's!!!!
aaah   i'm stuck with an awful schedule reardless this year 
hmmm   can't sleep and work at 6am :<
best nap ever!!!  love 
it's the little things in life      smile 
   watching people have a snowball fight outside my apt   smile 
"movies, soup, and cleaning     eventually boredom "
needs an adventure or something plz   just to get out of this apt 
loves how pink the sky is    love 
it's thrusday night   what should a girl do?  love 
is freezing!
apparently <propfemale> <propmale>'s socks move themselves 
   well atleast i fell gracefully    clumsy me 
   oh homework    annoyed 
long day of school and work 
wishes it was spring already   
feels so beind in all my work  annoyed 
is thinking of dying my hair dair brown  ?
off to work :[
now to clean 
had a great weekend!
     bonnaroo 2011 line-up tuesday!!!!!  love 
time to get home work done so i can relax tonight  smile   love 
happy valentines day!  love   love   love 
had an amazing valentines day totally single and enjoyed every minute of it!  love 
   long day 
is ready to be out of class and having fun!
ok done with homework    now   ?
finally has time to clean up this mess of a room   but just is not motivated to do anything 
great day so far!
i need a weekend off  annoyed 
  hello spring  smile    i need some new dresses!
this weather makes me want stay in bed and curl up under my blanket 
<propfemale> garden with miss <propfemale> shelton  than some homework 
is a bit frustrated with this website im tryin to create     annoyed 
is really creeped out   
these storms have already ruined my night  sad 
i hate living on the third floor in an apt  in these storms!  annoyed 
it's just too cold outside 
   is gonna wake-up and start the busy week before spring break 
is staying in homework and movies all day!
is busily enjoying this beautiful day 
  just get me through today and   hello sping break!!!  love 
my phone is broken so reach me here  annoyed 
yay for spring break !!!    and my phoe is still broken so reach me here   love 
tgif!!!  love 
needs to be productive   ut just can't get out of bed
is looking at all these cute spring outfits wanting to go shopping
is back home in hendersonville for a few days  smile 
"had a great day playing with this new phone, playing wii dance with mom, and chilling at home  i foget how much i miss this place "
had a great day back at home!  love 
   just can't sleep
uh i miss spring break already  to much to do!
happy st  <propfirst>'s day! ?
wow mtsu really doesn't want me to get in my email today to print off a paper    uh!
already a bad day 6am with a flat  annoyed    now to be stuck on campus til i can figure this one out 
busy busy day   
    is ready for the weekend   love 
