89e32f0e15bbfba17a3c80c2d1022b28
is very tired from moving upstairs   but very glad i can snipe my sis's internet hehehe
just keepin' it real
is missing <propmale> and my friends  sad 
bored as all get out   
i must have insomia or something   grr   
is ready for movie night and pizza  smile 
humming some song that i should know but can't remember
has the troll doll song stuck in her head now   darn these catchy tunes
"don't work for an entire week     sad  no money, no job, nothing to do  let the fun begin"
wants to be on a boat again so i can sing 'i'm on a boat' with t-pain and <propmale> samberg  smile 
ready to have some fun  smile 
didn't sleep at all last night   then watched s  darko and now quoting <propfirst> darko    this doesn't make sense    'why are you in that stupid <propfemale> suit?'
had a revelation   my bed changed during my move   it is no longer my friend   but the enemy my friends   the enemy
finally got some well-deserved sleep ^ ^ yayness!!
waiting for her visitors to come   sigh   very impatient 
bored out of my mind   wait   how did that happen??
really want to read the sixth book again   but too lazy to do so   aruging with myself in my head again   
work soon yay! something to finally do!  smile 
i just realized how boring my life is   
bumper stickers define my life   literally   lol
can't wait to see the ugly truth ^ ^
"note to self: when smuggling soda in to movie, do not open when you take out of purse   it will spray out at you and now you smell like big blue soda   smile  and have a blue stain on your white shirt  sad "
nothing better than updating a recently updated facebook updater thingy   
finally changed my profile pic    
re-watching the first <propmale> potter movie   forgot how little they were   
just saw a bug that was almost as big as my fist   now it is hiding from me   also almost died from choking on my drink   found out its hard to drink and turn your head to the side so you can see past the cup and read the computer screen   who would have 
slowly suffocating from the country fresh smell of raid
just watched gothica   it was pretty scary i'm not gonna lie
feels like a zombie   when am i ever going to go to sleep???
just realized that being on the computer isn't going to make me go to sleep faster    fml
how much deeper would the ocean be without sea sponges???
lost my phone     sad  and now my fan is driving me crazy
found my phone  smile 
he's not dead    just electroencephalographically challenged   priceless  smile 
"i found the cricket that i tried to kill last night! we dueled again and i won  yay for raid, a shoe, and a fly swatter!"
stayed up til about five thirty in the morning and woke up around eleven     smile  i love how facebook nurtures my insomnia
no i don't wanna go to <propmale> dollar!!! gosh! lol  wink 
going for brownie points    love you <propfemale>!!!!!!!!  smile  please don't kill me
praying for <propfemale>'s liver   and waiting for the results 
sooooooo    just had taco bell    feeling pretty good now  smile 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo booooooooooooooooooored  smile 
pickles and chocolate     yum  smile 
i hate my life    i wish i could just die right about   now
feeling better now    can't believe its only twelve though   
mr  repairman came   got a new dishwasher   finally
made me a milkshake   its really good
scratch that   my shirt seems to like the milkshake better   im wondering how i keep missing my mouth
going to get a new job at a different heb   
looked through all my old cds and found two of the most amazing songs ever     smile 
just wasted about two hours of my life   one word people   watchmen
i love how i do random facebook quizzes because i have nothing else to do
feels real dumb   
is bored   gah   and tired of work
wow   i know i've been texting too much when i looked at my clock and it said 1: something and i was like   why is my clock looking so sad   i fail
i  love  my hat
just had watermelon  laugh  but now incredibly thirsty   
had so much stuff to do today   and so little time that i only got one thing done    now it's work time  sad 
"in the strangest mood ever, i feel like cleaning!"
not looking forward to <propmale> apprecitaion   
today is not a good day   
i'm going to be the master of disguise
<propmale> dilemma   i have to go to the bathroom but it's closed  why the heck is the bathroom closed   that's just not right ;-;
ac is getting fixed yay! and hottie mechanic here again  laugh  double yay
tried to come up with an awesome facebook status and failed   
google's picture looks pretty cool   
just looked at my profile   i have way too many bumper stickers   you know you have too much when its like 84 items still loading  playful 
getting a frapp was a bad idea   
why don't they make big blue in a two liter bottle?
"it's like killing a unicorn    with, like, a bomb   love "
me + insomina = best friends forever   or at least for the night anyway
i think i need more sleep   
i'm about to seriously cut someone   
after two weeks   we are finally getting a brand new unit for our ac   the guy is working on it right now   sadly though its not mr  hot stuff
okay so   got a new ac unit   but its not on   and something is blowing into our vents and its only hot air   and the guy just disappeared   probably on his lunch break   i'm about murder someone   
freezing in my apartment  laugh  so glad the ac is fixed
i guess someone forgot to tell the sun to come out today   its freezing outside  sad 
why does my teacher want a minimum of two rough drafts for every essay? that just insane    sad 
seven <propfemale> rough draft  smile  first one done   but i still have to revise and edit and it probably has to be longer  sad 
   no idea if i'll even get to study for <propmale> appreciation or not   stupid class
listening to forever the sickest kids for the first time   where have they been throughout my life?  laugh 
returns  laugh 
why is everyone so surprised when they figured out i'm eighteen?
rocking a new hair cut = d
so many things to due this week   i think it's a conspiracy   the teachers want you to stay up late in the night and wake up really early and fail   
"silly me, i forgot   plans work for everyone   but me   "
something's not right    i don't feel good   and i'm cleaning   i can actually see the carpet in my room   it's so   clean in here o o
feeling better  smile  but i feel very awkward going into my room   
in stephenville with possibly the best friend ever  smile 
 love  watermelon sprite  love 
mexican food yum  love  hico is pretty amazing so far   let's hope we can open the door this time
<propfemale> and <propfemale> <propmale> = bamf  smile  be jealous  love 
just dropped my phone in salsa    way to go  smile 
okay   so now i almost just dumped my salsa on my lap and the floor   maybe i should stop eating it   but i'm hungry and its so good
caaaaaarrrrrrrlll what's wrong with you! well i kill people and eat hands; that's two things    best video ever
not feeling to good   
i feel like i'm dying
well   i'm officially not dying so that's good   and i'm feeling a bit better   so yeah   better day today!  smile 
why doesn't the remember me thing work? is it an epic fail or just a fail on my computer's part   hmm   
bored out of my mind   
rawr   it means anything in dinosaur   
so i totally need to come visit you again   
haikus are easy  but sometimes they don't make sense  refrigerator  (priceless  laugh )
i think i have a test    today   maybe   
i need to get on here more often lol
the ornament shaped bottles are pretty amazing  smile 
going to <propmale> today  smile  to see all those people i love so much
tigers love pepper    they hate cinnamon  duh!
stupid flat tire
tire stuff done  smile 
why is there like fifty million orange skittles but like seven purple skittles in a bag? is there a shortage of grapes in the world?
"if it's the most wonderful time of the year, then why don't people act like it?"
"for the new year, i think facebook should get a spell check   smile "
"some person got the wrong number and was convinced i was his \baby\""  i just corrected his english   he hasn't texted back  mission accomplished  laugh """
note to self   get on facebook more  smile 
it's snowing   so why do we have to go to college today? why can't we just roll around in the snow and stay warm at home?
"thanks mrs  hedstrom, for embedding those lyrics of \i could have danced all night\"" in my fair lady in my head so that i may start to sing it at a completely random time"""
i should go to sleep
screw fdr and his fireside chats
cheetos!  smile 
spring break  laugh 
why am i up?
i wish i could choke an inaminate object right now
none for you <propmale> coco
odd: i had a five hour energy drink   and now i only had five hours of sleep    coincidence?
there is no food here d:
my hate my car's tires  why must you do this to me?
smile you're alive
hi i'm <propfemale> and i'm a caps lock abuser
i want to know god's thoughts    the rest are details 
 sad 
"a day without sunshine is like, well, night "
i feel like i'm going to die d: i can't get sick i have things to do next week
it's amazing how something as simple as soup makes you feel a thousand times better 
had tons of fun in <propmale> and i miss my best friend <propfemale> <propmale>
i hate it when people say rawr means i love you in dinosaur     
avataaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrr
my eye hurts sooooooo bad   i freaking cut it on the passenger seat head rest of my car no bueno
i should be doing my chapter reviews   but i think i'm just going to sleep and hope that some elves will do them  laugh 
"dear <propmale> capone, make me get a good grade on our presentation, okay?"
"come on may 7th, you need to get here now"
i want a rocket ship!  laugh 
finals + sickness = a week from hell
oh sleep    i miss you  love 
i hate finals  annoyed 
i have the biggest headache ever     sad 
mom is heading up here     smile 
dear mr  bird outside   it is ten o'clock at night  why are you chirping!?!
so glad that <propfemale>'s improving  laugh 
thinks she's finally ready for some normalcy finally    but is still incredibly shaky
needs sleep
i need to find my camera   
i got a fever! and the only prescription   is more cowbell!
ugh school starts today - -
"can't wait to see <propfemale> <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale> vasquez, <propfemale> smith, <propfemale> truchard  tomorrow    hopefully if they don't get lost  laugh "
finally got in touch with victim services    first therapy session monday    - -
hopefully tomorrow will be better  smile  much better
getting the a c in my car fixed  - -
two more days of my summer class left!!  smile 
currently hates pandemic 2 and it's country madagascar
thanks for the disturbing story old man  i really wanted to know about the bacteria eating your thumb 
"\stop smelling my car!\"" - <propfemale> <propfirst> <propmale>"""
d= the heat killed my fish  thank you apartments for your stupidity and the murder of my innocent fish 
really hope i don't get lost going to the regional office and then coming back  i have no idea where i'm going d=
to the people howling outside    shut up
practically missed my first class from the lack of parking > >
environmental science    you do not know how much i hate you right now   
just want to say with <propfemale> <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfemale> smith for the week too and not go back to school  smile  haha
stop being a douche facebook  smile  ok? thanks!
taco <propfemale>    please continue to be awesome 
"dear september 20th, hurry up and come already  thanks  smile "
fuck you bitch   
going to try this new thing  it's called sleeping 
pay day  laugh 
 surprise )
just went to mcc to finish my online assignments    and found out i already finished them  fml
can't wait for the house season premiere!!!!!!!!!
 sad 
i beat <propfirst> durden 
can't wait until snl starts  smile 
made a 102 on my government test!  laugh 
"well, i wanted to make a sarcastic comment on someone's picture, but when i tried to share it, facebook wouldn't post it  you win this time facebook "
totally not looking forward to this stupid environmental science test
i underestimated my environmental science class  the guy that sits right next to me looks like <propfirst> franco with longer hair!  laugh 
"make sure to build your home brick by boring brick, or the wolf's gonna blow it down"
"i hate when i have to go to the bathroom, but the bathroom is so far away  this has got to be the ultimate laziness test "
"if you only knew what the future holds\after a hurricane comes a rainbow"
"dear <propfirst> downey jr , please continue to age like wine  thanks  smile "
stop being dumb meebo
"it's not that i didn't care\it's that i didn't know\it's not what i didn't feel,\it's what i didn't show"
"dear november, please get here soon  due date and <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part one comes out  thanks! love, <propfemale>  smile "
snl you always know how to make me laugh  laugh 
strawberr smoothies are the bomb
my professor just made an snl reference  new favorite professor? i think so!
going to see red  smile 
both classes cancelled! looks like it's my lucky day!
i don't want to go to school  playful 
what the heck man! it's only nine so why am i so tired   sad 
<propfemale> weasley makes <propmale> <propmale> eat his vegetables  lmao
wth why am i still up?
"i really need to get a hold of my sleeping schedule  well, it looks like i'm sleeping until evening again "
lord of the rings marathon? i think yes   smile 
hoping some sleep and nyquil will makes this cold go away 
i wish more people knew how to spell correctly - -
the lonely island making a new cd? yes! can't wait!  smile 
sleep  sleep  sleep  sleep  sleep  - -
awake and dressed before 11 am? i have to say that i'm not use to this 
my sister rocks  she fixed my computer!  laugh  <- own this <propfemale> because i don't announce this often 
how the heck did it turn into seven o'clock? oh well    time to go to sleep
hates being sick d=
just got all six seasons of house! life  complete 
"haven't been up this early in a long time  thanks school for deciding that my i should go to bed at a decent hour  don't worry though, it'll never work   smile "
"everyone says there needs to be a dislike button on facebook  you know what we also need? a \-punches-\"" button  for those circumstances when words just have no use   laugh """
going to see black swan    finally  laugh 
so what if i have school in the morning? normal people go to bed at two   smile 
"i stay up late every night, and realize it was a bad idea every morning "
going to sleep at a reasonable hour this time  12 smile 9 
"just wondering out loud here, but where in the nursery rhyme humpty dumpty, does it say he was an egg? he could have been an orange  or you know, a human too "
"it's six o'clock in the morning so it looks like i'm finally going to go to sleep  it's a freaking winter wonderland outside  can't tell the difference between the concrete, street, and the grass  nice  looks like i'm gonna be snowed in because it's too scary to drive anywhere  thanks weather for fudging up my plans d="
"never mind i can't fall asleep  looks like i'm going to be up all day  and i was just thinking, who knows about texas weather? for all we know this glorious snow (which i played in at three this morning like a boss) could be gone around noon  everyone be safe driving in it! maybe plans won't be cancelled after all  p s  i blame the neighbors for moving around at six am contributing to the fact that i can't sleep "
"okay, i'm going to try and fall asleep again  seven o'clock  you crazy night owl time to sleep "
so pissed off right now  i'm ready to destroy world nations 
raspberry sorbet from haagen-dazs is pretty much heaven in a cup
