1b5d7a9cbc00edd9a1f249278783d048
wishes she was still in tn so she didn't have to watch the game by herself   sad 
is a little homesick and missing her peoples 
is wearing roll on optimism  for reals 
took her nephew (1yr) on his first boat outing  he did great  definitely one of us   
doesn't like you 
wishes she was where she belongs 
had a good lake day 
"you know you live in the country when, \i got stuck behind a tractor\"" is an acceptable reason for being late to work """
will be in knoxville this saturday and sunday 
's life is running her 
holding on for dear life    chasing rabbits - i mean 10-yr-olds! ahrhfhgh!!!
had the craziest day  so many good stories  also -- tullahoma has not one swing lead  what has my life come to?!?!?
"sweeter than <propfemale>  hotter than heat  more precious than diamonds, oh, she can't be beat!"
"wants a lot of things very badly, none of which she can control "
holy cannolis! i'm in bed at 11!
i just wanted a hot shower    but there was a red wasp in my bathroom 
has a new favorite beer: black mocha stout  yay!
"if there was a better way to go then it would find me  i can't help it, the road just rolls out behind me  be kind to me or treat me mean  i'll make the most of it, i'm an extraordinary machine"
i wonder how people don't die of boredom in this town  soooo bored!
"the road was an obstacle course of little frogs tonight  unfortunately for the little frogs, i failed "
"has poison <propfemale> on her ear, lips and nose  awesome "
"loves modern medicine  poison <propfemale> crisis, mostly, averted "
is too old to skate  ouchies 
was born in the wrong <propfemale> 
hates checking her penn state email  every time she does it reminds her that she actually does have to go back to work  soooo scared!
is both saddened and worried 
"when i think about all i have to do this week, it all seems a little too much "
"is hardcore about a lot of things  sunburns, not one of them "
has three days left in tn 
has 2 days left in tn 
"dear tn, i will miss you  love, <propfirst>"
is in <propfemale> and completely overwhelmed 
my parent's are totally awesome  all the boxes are unpacked 
is alone in <propfemale> 
is making forward progress 
is feeling better since she met her labmate and can navigate - mostly 
<propmale> white is my hero!
's new computer is a <propmale> - a huge <propmale> 
is actually kind of in love with the <propmale> 
is happily mired in papers on macrophyte density and dissolved oxygen 
is watching a creepy freaking movie and now she can't sleep 
is loving that her apartment is on a running trail 
is watching serendipity and wondering if something serendipitous will happen to her anytime soon 
"is trying a new beef stew recipe, complete with caramelized onions and beer "
"can't believe the weekend is almost over and my clothes aren't even all unpacked, much less papers read "
is so over it today  pizza and beer would be good tonight 
"just wants a good swingout every now and then, too much to ask?"
misses her southern friends 
is trying to turn 350 words into 1200 
is having one of those days 
imagines that this must be how a fish feels when she is swimming upstream 
"in <propfemale>, no one should go broke because they get sick  we need health care reform desperately "
in my red high heels     smile 
still bleeds orange  make no mistake 
"it's football time in tennessee, bitches!"
just made the first pot of chili of the season 
thinks they put crack in coffee 
"has danced in state college  now, if i can just find a horse, i'll be all set on hobbies "
in wine there is wisdom  in beer there is freedom  in water there is bacteria  ~ <propmale> <propmale>
what am i to you? tell me darling true 
dances in her dreams 
can't take the suspense!!!!
is unhappy 
"my love of spiders does not extend to brown recluses  get the hell out of my apartment, or die  it's very simple really   "
jamie: 1  stupid brown recluse: 0
has a long day of waiting ahead 
thinks today sucks  sucks!
is grateful 
wishes her life was like a storybook with awesome pictures and a moral to the story 
is watching the chipmunks outside her patio door forage in the leaf litter  cute overdose!
is sick  ugggh 
is so happy!
is missing klx and ut is playing florida in the swamp  what a weekend   
it's funny how your internet doesn't work when your cat chews the ethernet cable in two  hmm   
found an awesome trail behind her apartment  yay!
"god is great  beer is good, and people are crazy "
is sad that she missed klx  so much fun dancing!
dreamed of a wedding last night - specifically my wedding  i'm losing my mind!
has reached the age where she avoids the baby clothes section like the plague because the ticking gives her a headache 
really enjoys her ecology cohort  good times 
loves pouring rain and 20mph winds while she's walking to work  honest 
is considering getting her cat a friend  thoughts?
glee! you should watch 
just saw cirque du soleil! holy cow! i am so impressed!
"has been out of coffee for a week  after a nice cup of hazlenut, the trauma is fading "
foooootballllll!!!
smells like a combination of rotting shrimp and fish tanks  shower    shower now 
"is going to be an aunt, again!"
"has discovered the joy of garden vegetable cream cheese  now, she might need an intervention "
is hibernation a career option?
just hiked up mt  nittany and is now permanently affixed to the couch 
thinks that getting really cold isn't so bad because getting warm again is so good  (i'm talking about soup! get your mind out of the gutter   )
who wants to do my presentation? there's at least a home-cooked meal in it for you!
it is snowing on october 15th  shoot me now!!!
is cutting her hair tomorrow  suggestions anyone?
it's snowing    still 
cut her hair off 
has a boo boo  kiss it and make it better!
"lasagna, pinto beans and corn bread, or chicken noodle soup?"
blue screen of death    ahhhhhh!!!!!
has no hot water and the blue screen of death in one day -- but she does have banana bread and pinto beans and cornbread  it's a wash really 
is there a hide button for people who make random (and often asinine) comments to political figures? hey facebook    i got an idea!
"whiskey could solve half the world's problems, and a good beer could solve the other half "
has halloween toes!
i went to the haunted grainery and a zombie tickled me    wtf?
just bought a ridiculously e playful ensive bag that will arrive in 6 to 10 business days 
is officially in tn for thanksgiving  *happy dance*happy dance*
"breaking news: i'm now skinny enough to fit in *all* of my costumes  this includes little red riding hood, police officer, school girl, poison <propfemale>, pirate and fire <propfemale>  <propfemale> michaels is my hero!"
"it's game day! oh yeah, and happy halloween!"
is very excited that her calendar now shows her going home in less than 3 weeks!
web of science'd herself and she's there!!! woooo!
"'s watching glee songs on youtube because she's having withdrawl    stupid baseball  \can anybody find me somebody to love?\"""""
has the weirdest dreams   
feels like she's trying to squeeze blood from a turnip 
the yankees won! do you know what this means? baseball is over!! woo!
dream job: yellowstone horseback naturalist  *sigh*
is cooking and cleaning and trying to channel <propfemale> -- maybe without the pearls 
now come and meet me on the <propfemale> road 
"i just want to start again, and maybe you could show me how to try, and maybe you could take me in, somewhere underneath your skin?"
is wondering when she'll start to feel like she knows what she's doing?
"if i had the <propmale>, i'd ask the world to dance "
"alright, who nominated me for egso?"
is watching the ut game and the psu game at the same time  that's dedication 
has od'd on football 
"adios y vaya con dios! i'm leavin <propfemale>    in 3 days  to celebrate: pizza, beer, loud music and dancing "
"just hiked 5km up spring creek in waders  yes, she is more badass than you (but not cairsty or <propfirst>) "
is 24 hours away from tn 
feels like a bottle of shaken up emotions 
just read a quote from legally blonde in a tree paper  wtf?
"is going to a balboa workshop this weekend -- that's right, i said balboa "
got pelvised by <propfirst> white! i am so not washing these pants 
"don't know much about your life  don't know much about your world, but don't want to be alone tonight, on this planet they call earth    i just want to start again, and maybe you could show me how to try, and maybe you could take me in, somewhere underneath your skin?"
it's <propfirst> as the abominable snowman! or -- i'm standing outside implanting trout tags all day!
"another tender tennessee christmas, the only christmas for me  (9 days)"
is listening to christmas blues and craving a sleepy blues dance 
loves the days she wakes up feeling like a 50 year old smoker because oxygen is overrated 
is going a little stir crazy 
"needs an ugly sweater, stat "
really really wishes she could sleep for more than 20 minutes at a go   
"is done, kind of, except i have to work tomorrow, but then, i'm done "
"lost her phone    umm, oops?"
is more than a little distressed that she still can't find her phone 
loved avatar  you should totally go see it 
so i'm excited about 2011  i'm pretty much determined it's going to be so awesome that it will block out all 2010's crap 
"if you think that a kiss is all in the lips,  c'mon, you got it all wrong, man and if you think that a dance is all in the hips oh well, then do the twist"
effing hates fish! particularly fish that are gender-confused   
could use a massage and <propfemale>    but will probably settle for yoga and a shower 
"up in the air was uber depressing  if i had wanted something like that, i could have stayed home and watched the news   "
hot pink!
oh <propfemale> michaels    you rock my world in very painful ways 
i have not had enough caffiene for this   
my week has gone from absolute madness to nothing special in  2 seconds  woo!
"has \we got the funk\"" stuck in her head  oy   """
wants a mocha stout and a hot fudge sundae    but is going to work instead  :-\\
"rocking in the dance hall moving with you, dancing in the night in the middle of june   "
"had an awesome time at dance, learned lots of things, and is in an awesome mood  yay!"
"in an open room that echos well, this is where i can tell you everything  this is where i meet my muse, and it feeds me "
is in desperate need of a pizza and beer night 
"just received the princeton guide to ecology aka \the bible\"" aka everything-you-need-to-know-about-ecology-ever  yay """
"hey soul sister, ain't that mister mister on the radio, stereo  the way you move ain't fair you know    hey soul sister "
lacks inspiration 
"i believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder   it's a very powerful emotion   all children feel it   in a first grade classroom everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or at least acknowledges it  - <propfirst> sagan"
"ay dios mio, it's only tuesday "
is barefoot and crazy 
is looking for answers to questions she hasn't even asked 
it is <propfemale>  it is friday  it is a good day 
is studying at barnes and <propmale>  at least there's good coffee   
"ooo, you want it? baby, you got it   "
just dance  it's gonna be okay  just dance 
had decided she wants to be a spy    or maybe a pirate    instead of a researcher  how do we make that happen?
urgently needs <propfemale>    for the love of all things holy 
oh holy crap that is a lot of snow     :-\\
"come on get higher, loosen my lips  faith and <propfemale>, and the swing of your hips  just pull me down hard, and drown me in love "
is spending the afternoon fighting with r  pray for me   
is completely torn    colts and peyton or saints after <propfemale>  ahhh! who's a girl to cheer for?
is over that moment of uncertainty    let's go colts!!!
is it nap time yet?        how bout now?
"'s swivels are amazing  okay, maybe not amazing, but are way better than they were an hour ago "
"take time to realize, i'm on your side  didn't i, didn't i tell you  take time to realize, this all can pass you by  didn't i tell you   "
has learned valuable <propfemale> winter lesson #12 don't go outside with wet hair when it's 17 or your hair will freeze    the hard way 
is not afraid of pennsylvania's snow because i know this is my temporary hooooome 
"in rochester for the weekend, dancing at girl jam  should be great fun!"
thanks for the birthday wishes!
did not have a good day  possibly dinner and a drink could help it though 
"realizes the weather channel is in atlanta, but some mention of windchill would be nice  32 isn't 32 with 25mph n winds, ya'll   "
"is sick at home, eating pancakes and watching <propfemale>  not a bad day, except for the sick part -- and the pile of reading that's waiting for me "
is contemplating the consequences of wearing a strapless purple sundress in the <propmale> resources bldg 
it's <propfemale>! and my cold is better! today is a good day my friends 
is a little irritated and a little frustrated 
is on a war-path  stand clear unless you have chocolate or <propfemale>    consider this your one and only warning 
little kids in snow suits are soooooooooo cute 
is still alive    amazingly 
"prefers her wieners schnitzeled, please "
"is so frustrated with amazon  my birthday package hasn't arrived, and when i emailed them to figure out why, they said my \package should arrive by the estimated delievery date: feb 26 \"" did you miss the part where it was the 27th? or the part where that was a week after when i paid for it to arrive? arrggh!"""
's parents will be in <propfemale> in 10 days! very excited   
is tired of sick  it needs to be over now 
candidacy is only three weeks away! oh snap 
"fajitas and beer    because it's friday, and why not!"
sunshine!
is really frustrated with work    and today starts spring break  when did my life start to suck this hard?
my parents will be here tomorrow! so excited!
"does not understand what is confusing about the legend() function, but apparently, me and my computer don't get it!"
"why hello there, <propfirst>  i have sure missed you during my time in yankee-land  mmmmm  smile "
"just ate mint chocolate chip ice cream and dos equis for dinner  who me, stressed? naaaahh   "
survived her first practice candidacy exam    maybe i will pass 
"bye bye now, winter! you run along and take allllll that gross, cold weather with ya!"
"should really study tomorrow, but has decided she will go to dance! yay making bad decisions!"
showed those boys her back pocket  she showed em good 
is up really early  yuck!
is completely confused with her taxes?
the panamanians are coming! the panamanians are coming!
wants to have more fun  life is too short!
"i can't think about that right now  if i do, i'll go crazy  i'll think about that tomorrow "
has defeated the r code monster and is going to go home a pretend like she doesn't have a cold now 
to my psu swing peoples -- i am starting to plan lessons  let me know what you think we should teach! and if you want to teach it!
80 degrees on friday! woooo hoooo!
"is sitting on the patio in the sun, drinking lemonade and listening to country music  it's almost like i'm back home!"
"had a spectacular day, but is soooo tired now! happy easter!"
is reading up on stocks and trying to figure out where to make her first investment!
"you can't rollerskate in a buffalo herd, but you can be happy if you've a mind to "
just registered for philly <propfemale> love  yay!
day 1 of bikini workout = success 
my siblings have lost their grandfather une playful ectedly  what do you say?
needs an apartment in state college for the fall  thoughts?
bikini workout day 4  ow  you know after crunch 200ish it really just all goes numb    for awhile 
"new favorite animal    the stoat  faster than a fleeing banana, i mean <propfemale>!"
passed candidacy 
's head is pounding    maybe it's because of all the hammers pounding on my apartment wall  :-\\
bikini workout day 10  holy canolis!
to go to <propfemale>'s or not to go to <propfemale>'s  that is the question 
is psyched about <propmale> <propmale> quartet at penn state tonight! it's going to be awesome music and fun dancing! no partner or e playful erience required  see you there!
"my 2 year old nephew after dumping a box of train track's all over my father: \taaadddaaah!\""  i  love  that kid   smile """
can't take it back now  :-\\
is relieved  things are looking up   smile 
"had a dream last night that we were all invert super heroes  <propmale> jones was a spider, and nikolai balashov was a giant beetle  the super-villian was a tree that struck people bugs with lightening bolts! over-active imagination? or been an ecologist for too long?"
13 days til i'm home in tennessee!!! and then i become an aunt x4 
"workout, shower, laundry, hw, cleaning, grocery store  i need a clone  also, 12 days   smile "
"as a kid this always made me feel so much better  hopefully it will help tonight   now i lay me down to sleep, i pray the lord, my soul to keep   may angels watch me through the night,  and keep me in their blessed sight "
t-10 days and counting 
"well, it might be me, but the way i see it the whole wide world has gone crazy  so baby, why don't we just dance?"
is trying to make a decision with no apparent right answer  hmmm 
"i don't like that facebook won't let me have something on my profile unless i link to a <propfemale>  i don't want to link to someone else's stupid <propfemale>! what if i don't agree with that <propfemale>'s views? just because it has horseback riding or conservation in the title, doesn't mean i want to join "
"hold on coffee county!!! tornados and flooding, yikes!"
three more days until i'm home in tn!!! woo woo!
really enjoyed reading about ecologically relevant stimuli for undergraduates  does that mean natty light vs guiness? fun with psych literature!  annoyed 
twooooo more days!!!!
"hey knoxville! i'll be in town friday night saturday morning, and i want to see you while i'm there   smile "
finished the 30 day bikini workout! go me!
hi ho! hi ho! it's off to tn i go!
"is the proud auntie of a beauitful niece -- <propfemale> grace, 6lbs 13oz   love  love "
is in tullahoma for a day or two more!
is back  what did i miss?
"would like to trade in state college's 55 and rainy for tullahoma's 80 and <propfemale>, please!"
"should do work, but what? read more papers?"
girl's night  bring it 
doesn't like being at work at 7:45  not at all 
fish in mazes! woo!
"why can't we all just get along, play nice, and remember to share?"
movie and lemonade  mmmmhhhhmm 
may be reading the worst book in the history of the world 
burpies are the bane of my existence  ow 
"is in search of a wide mouth bottle less than 3\ wide and with a straight portion more than 3\"" tall  hmmm   """
"is doing the \i-have-usable-data\"" happy dance   smile """
"looooves this weather  it makes me feel right at home  well, i could do with a little less humidity  but still   smile "
"no more callin' me baby  no more chicken and gravy, til ya take me down, take me down to the little white church "
"doesn't say it enough, but she thinks you are totally awesome   smile "
"i wanna put on my my my my my boogie shoe, to boogie with you!"
"boogies, but with more than one shoe this time "
"needs a massage, or yoga, or something "
has data spaghetti  it's really not supposed to look like spaghetti  hmmm   
wonders how long it takes to replace a roof because being woken up by hammering at 7am for two weeks is killing me 
yay fun times at pll!
doing fish races today    how nice 
just watched <propfemale> michaels do african dance  hah! awesome 
1st morning without construction outside my window in three weeks! hallelujah!
can this week be over yet?
needs a plan b stat 
is like a hair in a biscuit 
is really tired of getting coupons for val-pak in the mail  who do i have to tell i don't have herpes???
is sleepy and misses the days when someone else always knew exactly what she should be doing next 
"has watched the women, <propfirst> and isolde, <propfemale> and amelie this week  good movies all around!"
is addicted to flickr e playful lore!
"all of the anger at bp makes me a little sad  people are a little naive\if they think that this is the worst of it  exxon is responsible for\the last spill  shell has a horrid human rights history, and chevron in\ecuador is enough to make you cry yourself to sleep at night  i'm angry\at oil companies, all of them  i'm mad at myself for not having a\better answer biking, anyone?"
is wondering how many more days like today there are between her and an ms?
"success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts     ~winston churchill   how very appropriate for my life right now "
"needs an external hard drive, probably more than 200 gigs  suggestions?"
"heads <propfemale>, tails california  somewhere greener, somewhere warmer "
"knows that <propfemale> is a virtue, but she's been really really virtuous here lately  now she just wants to tell some people how it is "
is finished with pilot 3 0  it's good to be out of the basement!
"is really frustrated, again "
"lately, i have been thinking about what i'm passionate about  these days it doesn't seem like there is anything that i would risk it all to do try learn, so i wonder, what would you risk it all for?"
will be on the road to tn in less than 24 hours  oh yeah 
is pretty impressed that it took less than 1 hour post holiday weekend for things to go bad in the lab 
eco evo behavior people! i have a stats question! i am trying to correlate data taken in groups of three with individual learning data  ranking within the groups is not a good option  how would you do this?
feels like yuck 
tgif 
is jobhunting  anyone got any ideas?
is grateful for her awesome friends!
hey <propfemale> people! we should <propfemale> out  limited time opportunity 
t-15 days and counting 
t-13 days and starting to feel the stress 
"12 days! if anyone has spare boxes in state college, i need quite a few!"
"has found her temporarily misplaced <propfemale> sugarbaker and told her boss just exactly what she thinks  very satisfying  (for those of you who don't know who <propfemale> sugarbaker is, youtube it and be enlightened )"
"so who is on twitter? i've now managed to accumulate friends all over the place (you guys refuse to sit still), and i want to see if that's easier for keeping up with you all   "
lets play a fun game called what career should <propfirst> pursue    suggestions so far include vegas show girl and teacher    others?
6 days til moving day!
really needs to get packing and cleaning but is definitely putting it off 
is a packing machine!
is looking forward to the big move  just a few days left!
2 days left in <propfemale>!
only a day and a half til the parents arrive  i'm having a weird freak-out moment at the thought of not being in classes this fall 
"parent's arrive this afternoon, and i leave tomorrow  it's been fun <propfemale>!"
out of radio contact until monday! call me if you need me   smile 
made it home safely  thanks to everyone who helped me move    i think i'm going to sleep for days 
there is never a dull moment around here 
has recovered from last night's traumas with a beautiful day on the lake 
"summer days driftin' away, to uh-oh those summer nights "
declares today over 2 hours early  done with it 
needs a haircut today but she's being indecisive  need inspiration   
variety is the spice of life 
ohhhh goodness tonight was interesting!
"workout, errands, cleaning, laundry, nephews, and play practice  shoo doggies it's a busy day!"
is super sleepy! not sure exactly why   
needs an outing  who is still in tullahoma?
"and i went crazy again today, looking for a strand to climb, looking for a little hope "
finally has a resume with which she intends to get a flippin awesome job 
has ants in her pants because really she just wants to go dance!
:^ 
"my whole body hurts, and i hate painting "
half of my heart's got a grip on the situation 
fools rush in where angels fear to tread  don't ya just hate it when your momma is right?
is really praying a certain someone learns her music 
go vols!
who do ya love?
what a day!
has poison <propfemale> between her toes  next time i won't be wearing flops to the creek 
"hopes that state enjoyed their trip to the sec  ya'll come back now, ya hear!"
survived tech rehearsal  we open friday!
ugggggh 
"my mama was right, there's blues in the night "
"would like to\invite all to see a wonderful play that opens this weekend  a great\cast that will truly entertain you the community playhouse, inc \presents the 1940's radio hour - sept  17, 18, 24, & 25, 2010 at\7 smile 0 p m  and sept  19 & 26, 2010 at 2 p m  at the south jackson\civic center in tullahoma, tn  tickets : $15 for adults, $13 for senior\citizens, & $11 for students  for reservations, call (931) 581-7767"
is celebrating! only problem is i don't know what yet 
is annoyed and frustrated over something stupid  let's hope it isn't one of those days 
is super excited that today is the last show 
has survived 1940s and will now hibernate until she recovers her <propfemale> 
is considering getting out of dodge for awhile  where should i go? who wants to come?
was very smitten today with a big bashkir curly arabian boy called spock  he is so handsome 
"is proud of south <propfemale>  good job game cocks! ut    well, there's always next year "
"yo, ho, haul together, hoist the colors high  heave ho, thieves and beggars, never shall we die "
is asking everyone who is feeling the need for a hissy fit to take a few steps back    please?
having a rough week 
for future reference    one should really avoid getting turkey grease in one's hair because 1  it smells really gross and 2  it's really hard to get out 
"i want a merit badge that says, \i survived the horse play luncheon \"" <propfemale> sappington needs one too """
you got me beggin you for mercy   
happy veteran's day! thanks to all the veterans who have served and are serving this country faithfully and courageously!
"rode a horse today! it was the first time in a couple years, but it was just like riding a bike  i miss it!"
is making decisions and taking baby steps towards her big-girl life  dunno if i'm enjoying it yet   
"is baking about 5 dozen cookies for active duty troops this afternoon  if you are bored, come by and help! i might need a relief-stirrer "
is going to shadow a physical therapist next week  exciting!
who's ready for thanksgiving?
woke up to a broken fridge  oh joy 
"i'd like you for christmas  new year's, easter too "
does anyone know a physician's assistant in the tullahoma area that would let me shadow? i'm having trouble finding someone! thanks!
"\he who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying \""-friedrich nietzsche"""
brr    snowy here  nothing like a <propfemale> winter though 
"woke up to a bird in the christmas tree    a real bird  don't know how it got there but it took 2 hours, 4 adults, 2 children, 2 dogs and a cat to get it out    kinda nervous about what tomorrow might bring "
gave 6 week 6 pack a shot today    not as ouch as i e playful ected 
fa la la la la la la la la la    
"this week feels a lot like quicksand  i keep swimming and swimming, and i don't get anywhere! if your present is wrapped in a kroger sack, sorry! (you were just going to rip the paper off anyway )"
"sooo    at this point in my peanut brittle-making career, i think i have messed it up every possible way  minor e playful losion    no loss of life or property "
the christmas spirit has finally found me  i'm in a fantastic mood  probably do to <propfirst> <propfirst> ford making me laugh and <propfemale> barnes just being awesome  <propfemale> christmas everyone!
"dear <propfemale>, we had a deal last night  you were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer  i saw the video, we need to talk      <propfemale> christmas, everyone! be safe!"
i just extracted house wren #3 from inside the house this month  these birds are taking their name a little too literally 
"it's not the same  no it's never the same, if you don't feel it to  if you meet me half way  if you would meet me half way, it could be the same for you "
had a fantastic day shadowing a <propfemale> in shelbyville  i'm loving it so far 
when it rains it pours  i should remember time for food when i am scheduling things   
"hey, everybody come out and see the community playhouse's production of the music man <propfirst> 13, 14, 15 at 7 smile 0 pm and <propfirst> 16 at 2 surprise 0 pm  it's the first show put on by cpi in the new tullahoma high school auditorium  it promises to be very entertaining, with local favorites <propfirst> <propmale> and <propfirst> waller starring  call 931-581-7767 or email tickets@communityplayhouse org for reservations  see you there!"
"well, tn has gotten another ~6 inches of snow  yippee "
way to go auburn!
i am sooooooooooooooooooooooo frustrated with motlow  it should not be this hard to fix a pre-requisite requirement  it's called an ap classssss 
"sweet dreams to <propfemale> you close to me  i wish they may and i wish they might  now goodnight, my someone, goodnight  \\come see music man this weekend!"
so apparently my online class is no joke    yay staring at computer screens for a really long time?
is irritated and stressed  i could use a break 
"i really enjoy the music man cast  they are so polite to one another and are always thanking me for just standing in front of a script and reading along  thanks guys, for having a great attitude! makes my job a lot easier!"
"don't let the smooth taste fool ya, it's colder than a biscuit in the refrigerator out here "
"so, my  micro professor is an absolute hoot  thank god for small blessings!"
i have a job! finally!
"cleaned, got pretty new shoes, made chicken n dumplings and watched eat, pray, love  not a bad night!"
i'm accepting all happy thoughts prayers as i start a new job this week  i'm pretty nervous!
good day today!
give wind and tide a <propmale> to change  ~richard byrd
actually got sunburned today    and i'm not upset about it!
first micro test in t-4 days  i forgot how much studying isn't fun 
"anyone else worried about what's going on in sudan, egypt and yemen? can you say powder-keg?"
"i am absolutely exhausted, but i've gotten a whole lot done  it's so nice when thing finally start working out "
had a really rough day  <propfemale> shadowing is the bright spot right now 
micro test success 
had a unique e playful erience at trevecca  the host forgot about the orientation so it was given by the department data analyst   
"okay, i can't stand it  i haaaaaaaaaaaaave to dance  what's coming up peoples?"
joint commission audit started today  oy vey 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! it was a great day   smile 
i am killing microbiology! it's so interesting  medical terminology    that's another story 
"change the voices in your head, make them like you instead!  smile "
i have been so lucky to have scholarships all through school  paying for classes without them is much harder than i thought it would be 
"good deed of the day: me and <propfemale> glazier helwig saw a dog running in the street (during the rain) that was obviously lost  caught her, called the # on her tags and returned to (wet, very grateful) owners  hopefully <propfemale> is warmer now!"
just learned how to subscribe to podcasts     so behind the times   playful 
"itching, sneezing, and coughing  hi spring  how ya doing "
"shooooooooo, i was not built for running, but i'm getting there!"
"hey  hikers outdoorsy people! i'm looking for a day pack hydration pack for my dad for father's day  anyone have suggestions? (it is probably going to be an early gift, but please nobody tell him!)"
why do taxes have to be so painful? why can't we find a way to make this a simple enough process that you don't need a lawyer and an accountant to get it right? gah 
