ae9a4a24cca6d4b563fbdc0d4a97077c
grrr   i hate new things  no <propfemale>
i cant stand little dogs that bark for no reason  seriously annoying 
wondering im awake this early w  nothing to do  lol
grrr   i feel like an 70 year old when i wake up  zumba time 2day!
"lol  watch \bass made my eye popped out\"" fn hilarious   and unsanitary  lol"""
"in my mind, i dont think the way you think  everyday im in danger of go n over the brink  catch me if u can "
"damn, i just made the best chicken-mandarin salad ever!"
"i miss summer    giong to parks with the kids, taking them swimming, drinking beer on the porch @ 2 am  lol  bbqs   ahhh   heaven"
man i wanna be my brother right now  he'll be in <propfemale> 2day    grrrr   lol  hope he has some fun and doesnt work to much
i hate dating it sucks  the websites suck  putting yourself out their sucks  im just going to lock myself in the house forever with my kids  lol
"my babies are running around the house in their bathing suits, lol   excited about nc much?"
"can you look into my soul and tell me what you see? because most of the time these days, i just dont feel like me"
my internet is pissin me off  keeps messin up
who r my children so bloody violent? lol
why are my children so violent towards each other? man   i hope they grow out of this phase  lol
"in the light of the <propfemale>, i feel the goddesses' arms around me  and yet when my head hits the pillow at night, i feel so alone"
tryin 2 find all my cousins on here    lol   im get n a little confused  which isnt anything new  ; )
theres no better place in the world then being smashed between the prettiest little gurlz in the world  lol  rnt we all vain about our children though?
i cant find my zumba dvds!! i want p90x 
does anyone know if you can get p90x from the store?
found em! yea! lol
"soon, i shall have a new car!! i cant wait! been stuck in this house for 3 weeks   3 weeks!!! feel like im hibernating, thank the goddess im not a bear   ; )>"
"<propfemale> minaj \ still i rise \""  happy valentines day everyone! my 2 favorite valentines never fail or dissapoint-kailani and makiya  mommy loves you babies!"""
grrr   my belly hurts
i hate new medication  i have medicine stomach now  : (
grrr     i cant find my phone! i swear i lose @ least 5 4 things a day   lol   and thats an understatement  ; )
i do not feel like cleaning this house!~ anyone wanna come help me? ; )
"laying in the field, looking up @ the sky, i watch as the world slowly passes me by  all the clouds, so peaceful and white, the birds playfully flying up high \if i could grab hold, id let it take me away,\and watch the pain n the world, so id appreciate what i was gave "
wow   looks like it snowed n my living room  my baby decided to pour baby powder all over the carpet   said she was try n 2 make it smell pretty  lol   
"theres a dinosaur exhibit with 60 real life dinosaurs, dino-digs, finding gold and the big blow up kid toys @ the fair grounds  its only friday, saturday and sunday  im not sure how much it is, but im sure kidz of any age would love it and its super nice out  get the kidz out of the house!!  ; )>"
celery + peanut butter= yum!!  ; )
man its beautiful outside  perfect park weather  getting over the winter depression crap   ; )>  time 2 get beach ready!!
"im having a very good day y'all!!! and im so blessed to have 2 intellegent, funny, beautiful little gurlz!"
hot cocoa is the shit  if your lactose intolerant use silk original soymilk; it taste just like milk   ; )
"i cant wait till sunday  ; ) starting 2 feel trapped by wood and plaster, banging my hands against locks that are free     can anyone save me?!"
where is all this love that everyone says exists? all i see is tear streaked faces and brows creasing in remembrance 
"i holt to jump to hope to sudden, letting it catch me in its whirlpool, dragging me 2 an undetermined fate with a smile on my face  if i start to once again dream of a <propfemale> tale  will i once again end up the lonely hermit beneath the bridge?"
im stunned right now  i just talked to you and now your gone    the world is missing a wonderful man and father  rip <propmale> tom   your going to be missed very much 
strawberry
"not wanting tonight to come  so hard to say goodbye when i cant talk to you  so many things i would like to say and ask, but you cant anwser me  it makes so sense for you to be taken so early, i guess some things offer o e playful lanation  ill see you on the other side slick   until then, you vacate a space in my heart  bb"
raspberry and strawberry 
raspberry  strawberry
good-bye <propmale> tom    today you were laid to rest and now i hope you can finally be @ peace  rip love  blessed be
"been think n about you all, all day    ironic how time goes by without you thinking of someone   and once they are gone, you can not get them out of your head  i miss you papaw, grandma grace, uncle <propmale>, uncle burnard and <propmale> tom     you are all missed so much  i can wait to leave the ones here that i love, but i can not wait to hold you all close again  watch over us    "
"9 deadly words used by women 10k\share"
"i was fine until i stopped by your <propfemale>, i was fine until i thought of the smile all over your face "
"everytime i take a step forward, i get knocked back down  but, ill keep my head high and smile bright and scoot my big ass off the ground  ; )"
in a <propmale> marley mood   
lmao my personality app results   crazy how much of it is on point  lol
"got mr  <propmale> marley play n   and the smoke is blur n my vision   waiting, waiting, waiting for that life altering collision  run n2 please    knock me off my feet  one love"
"got mr  <propmale> marley play n   and the smoke is blur n my vision   waiting, waiting, waiting 4 that life altering collision  run n2 me please  knock me off my feet  lets fly 2 the <propfemale> and touch the stars   baby, help me free myself from these bars"
my kitten   isis  wont stay off my keyboard! grrr    ; )
"<propfemale> day 6\without doubt, an auspicious day  it is good for intellectual activities, study, spiritual pursuits and also for searching for lost people, animals and things  it favours recovery and the restoration of health  the vedic tradition especially recommends this day for building and anything connected with property "
lol   jerry springer is hilarious!
im so going to the gym in the morning!
"last time i checked, i didnt have these kids alone     "
whys it have to snow? my hairs all puffy now! hello fro!
"kikis walk n around, with a bottle of cheez-whiz halfway in her mouth     classic  hah! this chick really wont share-and i bought it! selfish, selfish, no respect for her elder    smh"
"theres so many brick walls, everywhere i look    and my soul aching for my innocence that was took  but ill still grab onto the rope that hangs from the top, and even if i fall   you'll never see me stop "
proud 2b me!!
i think i want to write for the national geographic     
"in a complete dork mood today   my brain is soaking up info like a sponge   need to write   need to write   the pen is the needle, the words the drugs and the paper the high  ahhh   the wonder of writing    more enjoyable and intoxicating then any drug u can throw at me   ill take my words over your poison anyday"
"the website also has a pride page   tons of pride t-shirts, license plates, mugs, etc  go check it out"
how is that i get out of the car with 2 kidz   and walk n2 the house with 5? damn baybay kidz  lol
"     my mind is exhausted from the storm of unanwsered questions, taunting me with untapped knowledge  dare i think to hope that my dreams will lead me towards the path of my <propfemale>    ?"
"bout 2 watch \twelve\"" """
tears   tears  tears   they never seem 2 stop  why wont these demons from the past let me be? why dont i have a friend 2 hold my hand?   why does the world feel so empty and lonely? tears   tears   tears   torture me some more
"as you slide down the banister of life, may the splinters never point the wrong way  - an <propfemale> toast"
its crazy how on point my horoscopes have been    scary  ; )
the one u just called fat? she has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs  the one u just called stupid? she has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? she is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying
cant wait until this weekend   miss my couz and need a mini-vaca from <propmale>  ; )     and some mommy time 
running an hour behind   forgot about daylight saving time   like only i could   smh   
"mmmm    steamed chicken with squash, zucchini, strings of peas, carrots, broccolli and peppercorn    only 0 5 grams of fat! so fn good! ; )"
feenin for a tattoo right now! only a window before summer   you have 2 have new ink 2 bring n the summer dude!
"meant: only a small window of opportunity before summer to get one, ; )"
was @ greenlawn cemetary visiting <propmale> toms grave and we drove all the way to the back to look at the mausaliums   theres whole familys back there from 1818 and tombs with the freemason symbol on them  how neat is it to think of the people that came b4 us?
"watch n maury   to all the \ men\"" out there who hit women and kids   your a fn pussy!"""
anyone wanna come work out with me?! i need to get my ass to the gym
\when the last tree is cut,\ae9a4a24cca6d4b563fbdc0d4a97077c,"how is it, that the 2 high school seniors i told about the freemasons, had no idea who they were?! lol    did anyone watch the news this morning?our schools are now number 35   right above croatia ( love you <propfemale>! )"
happy st  pattys day evryone!!! the best day of the damn year! just remember; if you start talking and joking with yourself   you've had to much  if you see more then one of your friend  you've had to much  if you fall on your ass and dont feel it   you've had to much  ; ) drink responsibily and do not drink and drive people!
the <propfemale> are known for fighting and drinking   is it weird that im proud to count them in my heritage? lol 
\ i didnt make any mistakes, \ae9a4a24cca6d4b563fbdc0d4a97077c,\ i didnt make any mistakes,\ae9a4a24cca6d4b563fbdc0d4a97077c,"something needs to change   before the remaining edges of my soul become crazed  theres a virus in my head and its taking whatever it chooses, but that smirk wont be on its face when it ultimately looses  how do i win again    ?"
in a tattoo mindset   ganna go visit greenlawn cemetary    stuck in my head   stuck in my thoughts 
"wanting to get something together   a group of people against drugs   either a foundraser or recovering addicts going to schools and talking  we need to make a change people, drugs are ruining our generation, dont let them ruin the next"
"live simply, so that others may simply live "
grrr   shpuld of took advantage of that beautiful full <propfemale> over the weekend   26 more days   im prepared now! ; )
"horrible memory   theres like 2-3 peeps on my friend list that makes cakes   if you do, can you leave me your number? my moms looking for a cake for my sisters party  thank you!"
"someting has happened\to my understanding of existence\that now makes my heart always full of wonder\and kindness \  ~hafiz  the gift"
"my mind has stretched open a little wider everyday, closing the covers of my stories that keep me hidden  slowly i ease my hand off the railing and dare to step forward  there is another me inside and shes begging to be set free, to have th <propmale> to show what she can do "
"working out with my baby, kiki    her new weird laugh is driving me crazy though   sounds like pee-wee <propmale>  poor kid"
man   fitness magazines ab clinch-it secret workout is the shit  you can seriously feel and see your ab muscles   all of them   working  watch out y'all   im ganna have abs of steel this summer! y'all know supermans my brother right? lol    love  u <propfirst>!
"hot flashes!!! damn hysterectomy  i feel like an old lady right now  smh    \on a good note   kinda   my abs are super sore! which means my hard work is paying off right? no pain, no gain baby! lol "
ganna chill @ home with my babies and watch mpvies   puurrfect friday night
"anyone wanna borrow 2 sweet, beautiful, funny, innocent little gurlz   lol   maybe not innocent   maybe not sweet   damn it! who wants to come get these monsters off my hands?! lol"
they have the actual cars from disneys cars 2 @ easton today from 12-3   take your kids if they dont hve school!
"blah blah blah   to cold to visit greenlawn   to cold to walk around the park    grrr    sick of bn stuck inside  sun, please come out and play!!"
i love getting amusment out of watching <propfirst> springer   these people are hilarous! seriously   where did americas common sense go?
"super nice out today    anyone wanna join me and my gurlz for park time? ; ) cant wait for easter   kentucky here we come   damn i miss your beautiful green hills, clean air and your ability to make me feel renewed and young again "
going to blessed be with my mom and gurlz   then take n my gurlz to the park  yea! love this freak n weather!
your missed everyday   but today we will celebrate the time we were blessed to be with you and have you in our lifes  toast to you <propmale> tom  miss you homie
"had so much fun @ gantz park w  the kids, cam, miracle and connor  \still pray n they find the ass that broke n2 <propmale> <propmale>'s moms house    who does that seriouzly?!!!"
"idk what you vbeen told, it aint the butterfly, its the tootsie roll  ; )>"
"when your hroscope tells you something bads go n to happen   well, you should probably listen  lol "
cant wait for this weekend   get to <propfemale> out w  miracle w out kidz   wow! didnt think that was ganna happen ever! lol
had so much fun in ky yesterday   hate when we have to leave there  my mother bought an awesome house on land she inherited   its beautiful! *im pray n for you bright eyez-keep your head up*
