fa271892c4913091b236ac74cf0c4afd
needs a damn paycheck  i can't believe it's legal to work for a month and not get paid for it until the next month 
will be in la in one week! yay!
???????????
will be on a plane to la in a few hours    why am i still awake?!
"just got back home earlier today, had so much fun in la!"
taking the day off to catch up on sleep is always a good idea 
enjoys running away from work to wander around albany to pick up unnecessary things  who wants some starbucks~?
"would any current slu students be interested in being a penpal for students studying english at kobe college in japan? professor deguchi is teaching over in japan now, and she's looking for people interested in this project  let me know if you're interest"
"is in a really strange mood today  but ate the best apple ever for lunch, which i can't complain about "
new york anime festival = akb48 will be performing = i am going  who's with me?!
is worried about her puppy   sad 
is so tired! but happy because her puppy had his surgery yesterday and is doing fine today 
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone!  smile "
will be done with this boring internship one week from today!
"the gre is: a) a bunch of bullshit, b) a waste of time, c) a terrible measurement of academic skills, d) a pain in the ass, e) all of the above "
"is comforting <propfirst>, who's terrified of the thunderstorm outside    at 2 am  poor puppy "
won't be losing brain cells doing nothing at the research foundation anymore    done with work for the summer!
"rip crazy uncle butch, funeral services tomorrow morning "
gre tomorrow  kill me please   sad 
"by some unheard of twist of fate, i ended up scoring higher on the gre math section than the verbal section  this officially proves that the gre is utter bullshit "
is reaaaally getting tired of this heat and rain and yuck   sad 
"my feet hurt from walking around and shopping all day! (though i guess that's not a bad thing at all if that's the worst thing i have to complain about right now  if summer could not end, that would be nice )"
"wishes the st  <propfirst> administration would stop giving her headaches, ugh  also, anyone who has been asking about the new york anime festival schedule akb48's appearance date: akb48 is just getting confirmed by a bunch of news sources as an official guest, so the schedule will be coming in the next few days "
procrastinating is my job  (and more info on the nyaf akb48 appearance: performance will either be on sept  26th or the 27th; most likely the 26th )
loves her schedule  only one class today    at nearly 2 pm 
"enough hours in the day: i do not have them  on the bright side, akb48 was finally officially announced for the new york anime festival, so here's the schedule for everyone who wanted it: q&a session, autographing, and short concert at the <propmale> javits center on saturday, september 26, and then a free concert at nyc's webster hall on sunday, september 27th  who's going~?"
"is feeling    meh   annoyed \ and i have no idea what i really did to my calf muscles, but they hate me a lot today  paaaaain "
hopes next week will be better than this last one   sad  at least my calves are feeling a little better 
seriously wonders sometimes if the universe is honestly trying to screw her over  ughhh 
is not feeling so great this weekend   sad 
needs a nap of epic proportions asap 
got her train tickets to new york city!     i should work on booking the return trip    eventually 
has been a mix of super-productive and the laziest person on earth this week  weird 
"is kind of nervous about tomorrow! but it'll be interesting, nonetheless  (and mad that i won't be able to see obama's speech at hvcc  how random    hvcc )"
is in a bizarrely good mood for being so incredibly ???? this week   
is it next week yet?!
"the irony: i'm taking a glorified nap of a couple hours, because one of the [too many] things i have to do tomorrow is go to a meeting about my research on how college students aren't getting enough sleep  hooraaaaaaaay, irony!"
"you know you're in a smashingly good mood when you feel the need to use the word smashingly  going home tomorrow, seeing my puppies again, going to nyc friday!"
"will be on a train for nyc in a few hours! be back monday morning, text call the cell if you need me!  laugh "
"is abso-freaking-lutely exhausted and may have caught a cold, but pretty much had the best weekend ever  details pictures replies to people waiting on them from me etc  are coming soon, but after waking up after two hours of sleep so i could be interviewed by nhk terebi at my house (what) early and getting up to slu after that, i need to epic nap first   love "
"did catch some kind of cold  do not want! d: new york city can take its germs back, please!"
"wishes she could sleep in on fridays! no classes, but i do have work for three hours  boo, friday mornings "
is worried that this constant rain will turn into snow soon  it's not time for winter yet!
misses city life  ?????????????
keeps getting confused about what day it is  too much work  not enough sleeeeep  d:
"this makes    four    part-time jobs  something has got to be wrong with me  oh, also, is it mid-semester break yet?!"
"has done so much work over the past few days  yay for being productive, but i need a break big time   sad "
is really frustrated today  and it's only    3 am  >(
much-needed mid-semester break tomorrow? i think so~
finally gets to catch up on sleep!
doing no schoolwork job stuff over the past few days has been bliss  i need more of these breaks 
"this headache can go away now, please     sad "
"welcome to slackerville, population: me  i feel like doing nothiiiiing "
very literally spent the whole day at work  and i get to do it again tomorrow morning! please excuse me while i go pass out 
will someone please tell me why i'm listening to <propmale> astley on my own free will?
"this is why japan is better than slu  in japan, they canceled our finals because of swine flu  at slu, they cancel halloween because of swine flu "
dear stress: no one likes you  it's time for you to go away now   sad 
wants a ferret   
"needs about two days of solid sleep, but has too much stuff to do   sad "
time is moving way too fast and way too slow at once  not fair 
is in one of those disgustingly good moods today 
"why in the world does the jet program need three copies of my official transcript, and every other single identifying piece of information about me? this application is so ???????????   "
is  laugh  today~
"food? sleep? pssh, who needs 'em "
can't wait for this week to be overrrr   
feels like listening to christmas carols already   ?
it's been a year since i've seen snow    i can't say i missed it much 
is it the 16th yet?!
stayed up all night and seriously forgot what day it was for a good half hour there  i need a breaaaaaaaak 
too much snow  i was laughing yesterday morning when i was rudely awakaned by the sounds of giant snow plows they were using outside my dorm to get a little dusting off the ground    but today they legitimately needed them!  sad 
dear slu: rock salt  use it 
dear canton: sidewalks  shovel them 
are you going to scarborough fair? (and why am i so addicted to listening to old english songs?!)
my christmas tree fell    on me! i don't think i've ever laughed so much while getting attacked!
"oh, disney  what was that?!"
"had japanese food last night! mochi and mango ice cream, yakitori    how i missed them!"
is it may yet?
does not enjoy missing half of the 24 premiere   sad 
got an interview invitation from the university of indianapolis!
"i haven't even been back up here for a week, and my sleeping schedule is already shot to hell "
"why are the local north country commercials so ridiculous this semester? the teenage tantrum \this is so stupid!!\"" one is my personal favorite """
"is sick, has no medicine, and can't sleep at all  this is    not awesome "
"got another interview invitation! this time from pacific university!  laugh  (and also got some medicine, finally!)"
"got an interview with jet!  laugh  this is really awesome, but ohgod, i'm going to be so exhausted at the end of february beginning of march flying around the country for interviews   playful "
"going out into the snow and 1 degree weather while stiiiiill feeling sick because of a very unwelcome fire alarm, and then not being able to go back to sleep isn't exactly how i enjoy spending my nights   "
-1  now it's in the negatives outisde  i need a break from the north country!
you know what would be awesome right about now? some warm chai  waaaaant 
"i really did intend to take a 45-minute nap  somehow, that turned into four hours  body, i have too much stuff to do for you to pull stunts like that!"
"this week is almost over, finally, yay!"
tiredtiredtired  i think this season makes me sleepy   sad 
"if i root for the colts, do my chances of getting into the university of indianapolis go up?  laugh "
is strangely kind of excited for the challenge of two interviews next week    in two different states!
is having a murphy's law kind of day   
"is it sad that i find the daily opening of the stock market kinda hilarious? it's such a goofy, awkward little ritual "
"one of these days, i will master the <propmale> of being on time      today is not that day "
why in the world did they take away the cranberry chicken wrap here? that was     the only slu-specific food i legitimately loved!
"okay, agenda-- tuesday: nyc, friday: indianapolis, march 5th: portland, march 7th: los <propfemale>! and i thought i was on a lot of planes last year "
"jet interview in the morning! i'll be on a train to nyc in    a few hours, oops  hooray, fatigue!"
"nyc + heels + snow + interview = well, you can guess  in deeeesperate need of a nap, but today was fun!"
just finished packing and needs to leave for the airport in something ridiculous like an hour and a half  i'm really not a fan of having to leave the house before 4 am for traveling twice in one week   
"is in indianapolis  question: why do taxi drivers never know where they're going, even when you give them the most specific directions possible?"
"is having fun at indianapolis! with a heeeeeefty dose of stress, too  d: but for the most part, fun!"
"a day of traveling woes and airport chaos aside, there's nothing quite like watching the sunrise in the middle of the sky "
"dear tuesday, please omit yourself from the days of the week, thanks  also, dear phone, if you could stop having constant technical issues, that would be great "
"just spent about 12 hours over the past two days locked up doing work in the psych department, not including class time  i am in serious need of a long nap "
"is still buried in work, but it is (relatively) warm outside and will be in portland on friday, then los <propfemale> on sunday! this break can't come soon enough!"
"okay, brain, can you cut back on the nightmares, please?! i'd like to have some pleasant dreams every now and then when i go to sleep!"
"is home for a few hours before another ridiculously early flight tomorrow! (yaaay, portland!)"
"in gorgeous oregon (no snow! it's warm outside! it looks like spring! can i stay forever?!) and totally exhausted from traveling since 3 am (new york time!), but eating delicious pizza in my giant hotel room is definitely making that better!"
"having a ridiculous amount of fun in california (which, by the way, i've pretty much decided that i'm never going to leave!  laugh  )"
"back in ny after an incredible week  also, two things: i got accepted into pacific university's doctoral program! and beware the ritzkrieg!"
about a month and a half more until i'm free from slu!
"oh, girl scout cookies, why are you so addicting?!"
"senioritis is a serious, serious problem   "
in one of those insanely good moods! this may be partly influenced by the fact that i have not slept in    about 34 hours now 
why is it that march always seems to drag on for so looooong?
i kindasorta desperately need a new phone 
"yaaaaay, i's finally april (and it feels like july outside)! but    can it be may now, thanks?"
"new on my list of things i don't like: not having a cell phone! for the record, i'm currently phone-less for a day or two, so if you sent a text or tried calling, i didn't get it  but i will have a new, shiny phone soon, yay!"
on my list of things i do like: morning classes getting cancelled and having an awesome new phone!
"okay, it's now 100% official! i will be attending pacific university for my psyd starting in the summer!  smile "
can someone please tell me    why they're cutting the grass outside my window with the loudest mower in the world    at 8 in the morning?!
i told you guys iceland was badass 
hates tendonitis! a whole lot! >(
???????   
who just totally put together her fos poster in one night? i did  this calls for a victory dance 
total sleep sunday night: none  monday night: 2 hours  tuesday night: 1 5 hours  my body officially hates me right now 
"is done with the festival of science, aka the don't-stop-talking-about-your-project-for-a-solid-hour-and-a-half fest  finally "
last week of slu classes ever!  laugh 
"why is it snowing outside?! also just  finished up the most atrocious creation of my four years of college   i've never seen an uglier poster  hello again, senioritis!"
"40 minutes late to class    hey, so what?! at least i showed up!  playful "
last class ever at slu = finished!
"wait a minute, it's already may 3rd?! do like!"
my laziness level over the past few days: unprecedented 
two finals on a friday? now that's just cruel  > sad 
i have a starbucks craving like no other   sad 
"graduation in two days, california in five    um, i think that calls for a yay!  laugh "
i'm pretty sure i just qualified for the gold medal in last-minute packing  just finished and my flight to california leaves in two and a half hours!  laugh 
"after missing my first flight out of california and staying a little longer than e playful ected, i'm back in new york and starting work in the morning  sad face on both accounts   sad "
why is looking for an apartment so complicateeeeed?
one of my coworkers at the rf (aka: excel spreadsheet numbers people city) just referenced the mbti  consider my mind blown 
força portugal!!
this is me being majorly jealous of everyone that's going to the akb48 concert in la today  do me a favor and scream for sayaka until you lose your voice!
???????????
i need to stop watching the travel channel  i want to go to cornwall now!
"later, new york  it's been fun "
"in portland! i'm kind of in love with my new neighborhood, and my apartment is pretty damn swank "
"? i can bet you can bet on me so, gamble love~"
"it was going to be 97 degrees in portland today, so what did i do? the most logical thing-- i went to washington and hiked up the side of a volcano in heels and a skirt "
"dear portlanders, it's 68 degrees outside, why are you wearing your winter coats?"
crayfish or crawfish?
"is anybody looking to buy a japanese wii? let me know, i have a friend who's looking to sell hers, and i can get you in contact~!"
dear giant two-day long headache of doom: don't you think it's time to leave me alone? you're making it difficult to function like a normal human being  unless normal human beings routinely turn off the lights and curl up under a blanket on the sofa for two days 
"starbucks salted caramel hot chocolate, where have you been all my life?"
downtown portland is creepy  both kinds  the good kind of creepy: getting ambushed by zombies outside of a mall  the bad kind of creepy: getting lost and accidentally wandering into a homeless park at night  i'm pleased to report that my brain is still intact (this was a concern of mine for both situations )
????????? ?????????? ?
"free in-flight wi-fi? alaska airlines, you're even more awesome "
"california and oregon this week, new york next week  traveling can be such a hassle, but i have to admit it's my raison d'être "
?????????? beginner 
"i just attempted to turn off the vacuum cleaner by hitting the light switch  okay, brain  you win  i'll finally go to sleep "
2 3 applications done!  smile 
flying to <propmale>    then <propmale>    then portland  really not looking forward to that rain again  or classes 
????????
"i got a new cell phone charm today  finally admitting that i may have a problem  (hey, at least i never lose my phone! ^^; )"
successfully made it out of my potentially sketchy ipc volunteer project alive 
"today, an old lady stopped me to tell me that i reminded her of a \little welsh doll \""     am still trying to determine whether or not that's a good thing """
"today has been full of all kinds of awesome: i got an interview invite(!!!!!!), got a stolen package replaced for free, and    the real kicker-- the company that replaced that package sent me a free gift along with it    and it's a new cell phone charm  see, this was not volitional! these things just find their way onto my cell phone, it's not my fault!"
"dear stomach, i know you're hungry, but can you please stop making such a racket in the middle of assessment? of all my classes, you had to make your presence known in the quietest, of course  you're really not achieving anything by being such an irascible organ  thanks "
"heyyy cohort, question for you: what time is dr  munoz's intervention ii class on tuesday, and where is it? i'll be class crashing next week  kinda like party crashing, except it's not fun at all "
"flying over the <propfemale> gate bridge after watching that movie in lab yesterday    kinda awkward, not gonna lie  but yay, california!"
accepted to the university of la verne! cue ecstatic freaking out here!
made the official decision! i just sent in my acceptance for admission to the university of la verne!
what did i do to the travel gods to make them smite me like this all the time?
"my karmic standing with the travel gods has definitely not improved  first, i get a call at 1 surprise 0 from united, telling me my flight is canceled and nothing else  i call to rebook it, and they tell me to get on a flight leaving in an hour  i get to the airport, get a <propfirst> down (i was wearing a dress with no pockets!), that flight ends up canceled, and i get rebooked to a flight tomorrow  why "
