378739817ca0c54777e8948761af31b3
i just love my squirrel! ^w^
i'm going to stab tristen in the eye with a really hot french fry    =_=
"for every animal you don't eat, i'm going to eat three "
the clouds are peein down on us!
supercalifradgalistice playful ialidoctious!
ice baths are freezing! feeling better at the end is so worth it though
yay! party time at saras!
sick uppies concert tomarrow  smile 
word of the day    terraphlops
i'm not sick no more! yay!
friendship survives  even under water 
 sad  om shutdown! t^t stupid stealers of copyrighted manga! t^t waah!
? ? ?????????????????»????????????? <('  ' )>[??$??(???????)??$??]
okay really can conner just go die somewhere? since he's gotten older he thinks he's the cheese! ordering everybody else and calling them idiots like he's the all mighty god of this world  i'm going to kill him    if he's gone tomarrow    blame <propfemale> 
twilight doesn't have vampires  it has sparkly faeries that just happen to drink blood 
today i realized that when a fly lands on something it rubs its hand together like an evil villian  now i have a strong urge to protect the world from evil flys anyone wanna join me?
"today i successfully danced to sweet child of mine without anybody noticing  they were all just outside of the sliding glass door, facing me  i've never felt like such a ninja "
"today, i learned your biggest toe is really called a fumb  never again will i say big toe "
"i checked to see what holiday my birthday ison  turns out the month of june is 'fight the filthy fly month'  and june 4th? 'applesauce cake day,'  'hug your cat day,' 'national doughnut day,' and 'old maid's day '  win "
¡???? ???s ??? ?? ?ooq???? ?sn pu? pu??spu?? ? op ????u?? u??
this weathers depressing me staus t-t its been raining for 12 hours 10 minutes and 3 seconds    but whos counting?
just walking my pet fish 
i was doing my homework       until i got distracted  > >
"is trying to conquer the world and become e la <propfemale> <propmale> monolo!\\muahahahahahahaha"
today i found a picture of my kindergarden class  apperently i was best friends with <propmale> honbo and was in class with <propfemale> visser  don't you just love looking through old class photos?
want to eat worms that smell like axe
is beleiving shes a bear because shes eating everything in sight and is sleeping when she gets home 
"dear facebook, please stop asking me what's on my mind  i'm gonna get myself in trouble if i keep spilling my guts to you "
never trust a <propfemale>  never trust a <propfemale>!
"is in a relationship, but does not know how to change her status    how  do you do that!?!?"
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't!!! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!!! hooah!!!"
donkeys are my friends! they worship me!
"i think we need to make b o  a disease, i almost died by it  the cure? dioterant!"
"--^v--^v--^v--^v-_____^v--^v--^v-- for a second there, i was bored to death"
my pet peep just died and i put chocolate on him and ate him!
"i hate it when you do something you think is brilliant and you can't wait to tell your friend, but then they don't answer  hate that "
is thankful she's not a turkey  happy thanksgiving peoples!
is wondering why the ocean is green and the sky is white  whats with that?
there is a gerbil in my head names goerg  when he stops running on his wheel i say stupid things  he stops a lot 
some days even my rocketship undies don't help 
"u have 10 fish, 5 drown, 3 come back to life  how many fish do you have? stop counting smart one  fish cant drown"
words can only hurt you if you try to read them  don't play their game 
" surprise  chyane just fell of the couch made a few crying noises, i put her back on and she fell right asleep  i love her "
i torture helpless marshmellows 
"now you're just being cute  i can't go to pigfarts  it's on maaars, you neeed a rocketship  do you have a rocketship, potter? i bet you do  you know, not all of us inherited enough money to buy out nasa when our parents died; look at this  rocketship potter  starkid potter  moooonshoes potter  traversing the galaxy for intergalatic travels to pigfarts "
you are not a super special snowflake!
ohhhh where oh where has my groooooove gone????
 surprise  mufasa died!
homework vs sleep    which will win the war?
says i get this funny feeling that people are reading the things i type here but maybe i'm just being paranoid 
"is on strike! she will not be talking to anyone, until her demands are met  she wants a baby monkey and an army of scottish squirrels!"
<propfemale> zuraff is a big fat meanie!  annoyed 
i have a bald cap and a mustache now  ha! you'll never know it's me watching you from the shadows!  laugh 
