6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5
i think everyone should come to my annual strip poker tournament at my house!  laugh 
today has been nothing but greatness  smile 
facebook is unbelievably gay     
"i see you've got your fist out\say your piece and get out\yes i got the gist of it, but it's all right\\sorry that you feel that way\the only thing there is to say\every silver lining's got a, touch of grey"
new years resolution = make it to the top!
2011 try not to suck as much mmk?
for those who arent busy with their new years shenanigans please text me because i'm bored as hell  annoyed 
"hey <propfemale>, i remember your name  i left a dozen roses on your grave today  i'm in the grass on my knees, wipe the leaves away  i just came to talk for a while  i got some things i need to say  now that it's over, i just wanna hold her  i'd give up all the world to see, that little piece of heaven looking back at me   "
"my ass has stayed up too late but i'm not sleepy at all  ohh wells, night"
i went to bed and i was thinking about you love  | hmm  my dumbass papaw called and woke me up  i need to start cutting off my phone at night  
"taking my time, \choosin my line,\tryin to decide what to do  \looks like my stop,\dont want to get off \got myself <propmale> up on you  \seems to me, \you dont want to talk about it  \seems to me, \you just turn your pretty head and walk away "
"she could take it back, she might take it back someday  "
just call me a tragic comic because i am in love with you   hmm  laying here going to write some more 
"and if i ever got another <propmale>, i'd still ask her to dance, because kept me waiting love "
hmm  currently at church  i hate this place  can't wait to go home and relax the rest of my vacation  
"love and hate get it wrong\cut me right back down to size\sleep the day let it fade\who was there to take your place\no one knows never will\mostly me but mostly you\do you say do you do\when it all comes down\\cause i don't wanna come back down from this cloud\it's taken me all this time to find out what i need \i don't wanna come back down from this cloud\it's taken me all this all this time"
would you   come on and    get down with the sickness?
please join the society of awesomeness!
"what makes you think you're the one, who can laugh without cryin'?  what makes you think you're the one, who can live without dyin'?  every little bit   is there  to see  every little bit   of you   and me  what makes you think i'm the one, who'll be there when you're callin'?  what makes you think i'm the one, who will catch you when you're fallin'?"
"state of love and trust as i busted down the pretext, since their plays and preachers went to heaven and to court, uh huh, and the signs are passin', grip the wheel, can't read it, sacrifice receiving the smell that's on my hands   hands   yeah, and i listen for the voice inside my head, nothin', i'll do this one myself   "
just had a memory trip  smile 
=[
i tested my iq an i have 130  smile 
"after my homework i'm tempted to write another song, i haven't in a while and need to  give me some serious subjects on what i should write  only rock ideas!!!! no rap or hip hop or whatever  or country   "
my song is coming along great  it should be finished by tonight or tomorrow  laugh 
i pray to god above for no school
ask or tell me anything   please? www formspring me drfeelgood2013
"court today, won't be at school  wish me luck!"
"we get some rules to follow, that and this, these and those, no one knows    we get these pills to swallow, how they stick, in your throat ,tastes like gold     oh, what you do to me    no one knows    "
my new obsession is cartman's version of poker face lmao  laugh 
"i wanted you to know my name, wish that you could read my mind, you are a ghost in my dreams  you're distracting my mind, see the secrets that i hide, and i'm just trying to avoid them   i'll never forget somebody like you, i wanted to feel that you belonged to me    "
"got a new number, please text and state your first and last name  276-782-0736"
"babe, i'll be a flat liner for a     heartkiller  wink "
"she eats me like a piscies when we do it, i've been locked inside your bathroom for three months, i've been drawn into your skanky clothing choice, i wish i could do you faster when you turn fat       lmao! i love making fun of nirvana songs  smile "
"wow euphoria by w a s p  is amazing! though only an instrumental, it has such an eerie, but calming effect  smile "
my new song is done  please im or comment me if you wish to read it!
nothing like a little bit of candlebox to sooth the soul
i won't be at school today   i hurt too much =[
"so i’ll shun out the world in an instant, as long as you’re here by my side  you fill my whole life with a feeling    serene, and love’s true meaning   "
finally found the perfect chords for my new song on guitar  just need to finish an easy as hell bassline and this thing should be good to go!
finally back online!!!!!!!
"\like\"" if you want a christian side hug  laugh """
"haha so here's the deal, <propfemale> enfield is giving her fantasy people my last name and i'm extremely pissed! will my dear friends give me a hand to rid of them? thanks  smile "
"hey guys and gals! ya'll mind visiting the profiles of <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale> calahan and report them as fakes so they can get deleted? i don't appreciate my last name being used for fake people  i'd appreciate it  smile "
"i currently have \stan\"" by eminem stuck in my head  dido has such a great voice in that! hmm   it'd be better if eminem didn't talk through it and just kinda sang along haha  playful """
"and now we're grown up orphans, that never knew their names  we don't belong to no one, that's a shame  but if you could hide beside me, maybe for a while  and i won't tell no one your name     and i won't tell 'em your name     "
happy mother's day mom! don't know what i'd do without you! i love you!
"and he says what do you, love to do? outside your world, who spends time with you? \whom do you love, when you're not working? sweet girl   "
"taste the love, the lucifer's magic that makes you numb  the passion and all the pain are one, you're sleeping in the fire   taste the love, the lucifer's magic that makes you numb, you feel what it does and you're drunk on love  you're sleeping in the fire   "
i got my learner's today  gonna start driving tomorrow
my first time on the road   pretty great! minus hitting 3 mailboxes and two small children   
"my mamaw is not doing good at all, she might not live much longer  please pray for her "
"went driving for about an hour today  i done almost perfect! i went from blevins' grocery to riverside, to n***** holler (no joke, real road) and went up on iron mountain and took the back way home"
"here's to the pain, the light of the oncoming train  come on, ode to solitude in chains  here's to the pain as always heaven in flames now bleeding  ode to solitude in chains    "
well since people are posting <propfirst> scores on here     600 on my geometry and my world history  bam! haha
"she paints her eyes as black as night now, pulls those shades down tight  yeah, she gives a smile when the pain comes, the pains gonna make everything alright  says she talks to angels, they call her out by her name  she talks to angels, says they call her out by her name "
"damn it <propfirst> <propmale>! i'm obsessed with \always on my mind\"" and starting to question life    hmm   """
"everybody remember <propmale> blevins, he got into a wreck earlier and broke his right leg and left elbow"
"you're my blue sky, you're my <propfemale> day  lord, you know it makes me high when you turn your love my way      turn your love my way, yeah "
"everytime that you make me smile, it's the same old way it used to be, and that's enough for me  everytime that sleep don't come, it's the same old pain that used to be, and that's enough for me   "
"another turning point, a fork stuck in the road  time grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to go  so make the best of this test, and don't ask why  it's not a question, but a lesson learned in time  it's something unpredictable, but in the end is right  i hope you had the time of your life "
r i p  <propfirst> <propfemale> poston  i love you mamaw  im not sad but happy youre in a better place  say hello to god for me  :')
titties!!!!
"i'm now determined to have \dead by popular demnad\"" engraved on my headstone  laugh """
"i'm now determined to have \dead by popular demand\"" engraved on my headstone  laugh """
"well i took a little ride through the pouring rain, to think about the casualties of your exchange  cause what you said, ain't what you do, you know you live by the words you choose  was it him? was it me? were his lies easier than my truth to believe?"
"'cause when the loving starts, and the lights go down  and there's not another living soul around  you woo me until the sun comes up, and you say that you love me "
*cough* *cough* i love you *cough* *sniffle*  wink 
"silly emos! razorblades are made for shaving, not slitting your wrists cause no one loves you!  laugh "
is now officially a sophmore! now time to hit the bottle and celebrate alone in my room!
i hope i get to call her again tonight  smile 
ugh! i hate when people update about their significant other over and over! i understand you love you bf gf and i'd hope you do but i don't need to know every few minutes  annoyed 
just got hacked by <propfemale>   smile  i love you <propmale>   love 
<propfirst>! call my house later   smile  love you <propmale>  p s  you've been hacked yet again   love 
no power  text? 276-782-0736\\nwhatislove?  laugh 
hacked by <propfemale>   love  i love you bestest <propmale> who is going to sacrifice his hearing and goto a country concert with me saturday!  laugh 
"bitches don't know about the triforce! ?\                                                      ??"
hacked by a suspecious creeper   love  i love you <propmale>!  smile 
can't wait til saturday  love  goin driving in a few  i might go to iron mountain again  laugh 
just got hacked by that random person you love dearly   love   smile 
i was about to go masturbate and i needed a name to go with your face
"\gaming is good  thats why god made the joystick and gave us thumbs\"" haha i love that gamefly commercial  laugh """
just got hacked!  smile  with <propfemale>  ily   laugh 
i love the kentucky headhunters!!!
back from the concert   had fun but got alot on my mind   
nothing like dio and a good friend to get things off your mind  smile 
? yes? ? no? ? we don't give a fuck   laugh 
"gonna get off here, text it 276-782-0736"
wow   really didn't need to see that   that ruined my night but i'm glad for her 
"i can't do the talk like they talk on the tv, and i can't do a love song like the way it's meant to be  i can't do everything but i'd do anything for you  i can't do anything except be in love with you "
message me or text this mobile number ---> 276-782-0736
the world will successfully end when: we discover how to divide by zero  god tea bags earth  <propfirst> bieber covers fly to the angels by slaughter  thank you and good afternoon
inspired to write a new song! might be done by sunday  heading to my papaw's with no computer so text me at 276-782-0736 if ya need me
its times like these you learn to live again  its times like these you give and give again  its times like these you learn to love again  its times like these time and time again   
"say you stand, by your man  tell me something, i don't understand  you said you love me and that's a fact  then you left me, said you felt trapped  well some things you can e playful lain away, but the heartache's in me till this day  did you stand by me? no, not at all  did you stand by me? no way "
"homosexuality is a progressive mental illness in which the sufferer is overcome by sexual feelings for others of the same sex  often as the sufferer comes of age, the level of faggotry begins to slope up in the form of a quadratic function {f(faggot)=ax2+bx+c}, rather than the typical linear model predicted by researchers and other faggots of the like "
damn   what i wouldn't give to talk to you again   it's been so long   i'm sorry   *sigh*
"according to an anonymous report, a girl named <propfemale> was struck by a \smooth\"" criminal on sunday """
"a falcon punch can be carried out by any individual with sufficient testicular fortitude, not just captain falcon  it has been long-established as the safest and most effective way to abort a teen pregnancy "
"you'd be looking groovy, in a sixties movie, maybe tell the press you died  little legend baby, try your very best to hide     a green tinted sixties mind    "
"heh well i've had a glorious weekend  smile  and my waist size has went from a 36 to a 33!!! ftw! this workout system is great! anyways  if you know the number hit me up, if not you're outta luck  playful "
"\i believe it was cheap trick who said i don't want you to want me\"" haha man i love scrubs and their knowledge of good 70s music  smile """
"i want you to want me  i need you to need me  i'd love you to love me  i'll shine up the old brown shoes, put on a brand-new shirt  i'll get home early from work if you say that you love me  didn't i, didn't i, didn't i see you cryin'? oh, didn't i, didn't i, didn't i see you cryin'? feelin' all alone without a friend, you know you feel like dyin'  oh, didn't i, didn't i, didn't i see you cryin?"
i think i'm going out of my mind   literally i'm so freakin confused right now   
"it isn't easy to show, what i'm feeling inside girl  it isn't easy, i know, when you believe in a man like me "
"to those whom may be concerned, don't buy korn's new album or bother downloading it illegally like i did  it's pretty much crap besides like 3 okay songs  annoyed "
survived an all nighter talking to my baby love  haha time for bed  laugh 
"\don't stop\"" by fleetwood <propmale> is such a great song! never fails to cheer me up or get me peppy  smile """
"when you're going through hell, get the fuck out!"
"whoa, here it comes  that funny feelin' again windin' me up inside  every time we touch  hey, i don't know  oh, tell me where to begin 'cause i never ever felt so much  hey! an' i can't recall any love at all  oh baby, this blows 'em all away  it's got what it takes, so tell me why can't this be love? straight from my heart, oh tell me why can't this be love?"
i have officially seen everything   a jet powered porta potty that you can drive 0 0
i've offended alot of people over the years and i'm sorry  i'm on the road to change some things and i'm sorry to anyone especially god  i've ordered a new laptop that should be here soon  smile  ily kayla love 
"is this love, that i'm feelin'? is this the love, that i've been  searching for? is this love, or am i dreamin'? this must be love, cause it's really got a hold on me   a hold on me   "
"my tea's gone cold, i'm wondering why i got out of bed at all  the morning rain drops on my window, and i can't see at all  and even if i could it'd all be gray, but your picture on my wall, it reminds me  that it's not so bad  it's not so bad  "
"said, woman, take it slow, it'll work itself out fine  all we need is just a little <propfemale>  said, sugar, make it slow, and we come together fine  all we need is just a little <propfemale>  "
cheer up boys! your makeup's running!
ugh my laptop came today but there was nobody to sign for it  extremely pissed  also i can't get out and do anything because dad's either working or sleeping  and adding to the pain   no freakin' service  troubled 
got my laptop!!! it's awesome  laugh 
"alrighty if i understand correctly from what i've been told this is what i have annoyed \1  spanish iii - hale\2 advanced algebra ii - allen\3  honors english 10 - cornett\4  biology - mazoff\5  chemistry - greer\6  theatre ii - necessary\7  pe 10 - perkins\homeroom - davidson\\any matches?"
"hey people, if you have my cell number please text me cause ill probably be up all night lol\\nbleedtoloveher"
i find it hilarious in gameinformer magazines that they advertise razor and us marines ads  basically tells greasy nerds to shave that little bit of pubic hair and become something bwahaha
r i p  <propfirst> <propfirst> jones  i didnt really know you but mom loves you and youre the father to my baby sister  ill take good care of them i promise
"she is like a cat in the dark and then, she is the darkness  she rules her life like a fine skylark and when, the sky is starless  "
"<propfirst> twain once said, \s'up \"" lol i love honors english at times"""
"church in a few, then i might <propfemale> with <propfemale> afterwards  two months already! i love you love "
gah weekends are so boring
going to a family reunion thing with <propfemale>  this should be interesting and fun hopefully lol  i love you <propfemale> love 
-sigh- ive had better days  i miss you  but i guess you need this  i just wish i was a better guy  
-sigh- i dread today  
hey i need some people to talk to i feel uber lonely  text me at 276-782-0736
"my life by saigon kick is a great song  pretty much fits me, same with so far away by staind  hm  i feel like shit for making her feel like shit  annoyed "
wow i dont really have the spirit to do anything today  and being lonely doesnt help either  lol
"take it down with a steam hammer  pack it hard, lead shot in your mood shooter  choose your poison, have a drink with your pain killer  here it comes! ohh you do it again, you do it again! destroyer!"
taking a leisurely stroll down a foggy road as it drizzles  it has a very calming effect lol
i had an amazing night at homecoming  im so tired  and kinda depressed about something  
"i almost got drunk at school at 14, where i almost made out with the homecoming <propfemale>  who almost went on to be miss texas but lost to a slut with much bigger breasts  wink  lol i love that song  text me 276-782-0736"
ugh i couldn't sleep at all last night  i'm hungry and i'll have to go through school tired -_-
"fate fell short this time, smile fades in the summer  raise your hand in mine, i'll leave when i wanna   walked 4-5 <propmale> yesterday and i feel like shit lol"
i'm bored  might finish writing my new song  jammin' to the doobie brothers  text me at 276-782-0736
holy <propfirst> clapton! thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody  some were very interesting lol  going to a special friends bday later too  hes turning 3  smile  then out to eat later  yay  laugh 
<propfemale> clary made my day today with my party mix lol  laugh 
"okay so i'm having writer's block  please in one word, give me a topic to write about for a new song"
i just want everyone to know  i think i'm turning japanese
ahh how i'm hooked on broken by seether  the version without <propfemale> <propfirst> anyways lol i find the one without her better idk why  playful 
"show me the power child, all i can say, that i'm down on my knees again  gives me the butterflies, gives me away, til i'm up on my feet again  oh, i'm feeling, oh, i'm feeling outshined, outshined, outshined, outshined!"
"but everybody's gone, and i've been here for too long  to face this on my own, well i guess this is growing up "
the grass is always greener where the dogs are shitting  laugh 
wtf! limewire got shut down!?! =[
"it’s about time i said, what i’m feeling  inside, i keep on reeling  through the night, i look at myself  days go by, my alibi  didn’t realize, my crime  to you my love, my due apologies"
well  it's the big day  play competition  please come out and see us today after school! ask mr  necessary or the cast for times to see us
amazing night and e playful erience! met some great people! great job cast members! please text me cast if you want! 276-782-0736
"should've told you by now, but i can't find the words, oh no  if i could show somehow, but i don't have the nerve, oh yeah  you don't see me lookin at you, how could love be so blind  somehow you don't notice me, and sooner or later, yeah there will come a time  "
"and the light was creeping, down, down, down  while we were sleeping, suddenly we hit the ground  so come on, let's go, let's run away  if that's all there is, oh to steal your heart away  "
i have so much on my mind  it sucks! i never get any sleep anymore  
far behind by candlebox = story of my life
"how about a firewalk, through the flames with you? can you feel the trance i bring? it takes you somewhere else  i am scared to do you harm, i love you, come on let's burn  "
heh i wonder  anyways i guess i better head to bed  got church in the morning!
"doing biology, chemistry, and algebra ii  fml! text me if you have the number, if not then you should totally add it! 276-782-0736"
having writers block song wise and i need a jump start  no suggestions  you all always give me terrible topics lol
if you only knew  night world!
i fear for my life tomorrow at the hands of mrs  <propfirst>  sad 
im so bored and lonely  my thoughts dont offer good company   -_-
"more than friends i always pledge cause friends they come and go  people change, as does everything, i wanted to grow old, just want to grow old  "
it's hard to wash this evil grin off my face when i'm putting your sorry ass into your place  and thats not a song  i feel like killing people  
"hmm  tears? strange  haven't had those in a while  thank you those select few of friends who have stuck by me  because of you, i wake up every morning and actually give a shit  love "
i'm fucking hostile   and i'm ready to take it out on all our competition in martinsville   e playful ect ungodly energy and determination this weekend!
"haha last night was so funny! me: \nobody better touch my penis while i'm sleeping!\"" clint annoyed ""   i'm touching your penis\""  laugh  play comp today  wish us luck!"""
kickin' ass and takin' names! goin' to motherraping state theatre comp in 2 weeks! i am part of the first <propfirst> group to ever go to states!  smile )
"i have climbed, the highest mountains  i have run, through the fields, only to be with you, only to be with you  "
gah  i'm bored and mad  people should totally text me!
"i just want you to know, when you're laying in bed dreaming, i hope it turns into a fucking nightmare"
"they suck you in like cigarettes, while hanging you out to dry, yeah  making you feel like a hypocrit, because you cannot lie, yeah"
i have just now proven how much of a life i dont have  i just done an 84 song setlist on rock band without taking any breaks  
i just got rock band 3 an hour ago   its amazing   this is god's favorite game i'm sure  
"i am thankful for many things  first, i'm thankful for myself and my awesomeness  second, my gorgeous hair  third, food  fourth, rock band 3  smile "
someone should seriously text me  im lonely!
"might as well get rid of my phone, none of the people that i wanna text never text back >:i"
gah i hate technology  spent an hour trying to get internet connected for my ps3 and of course lady luck had to cheat on me once again  text me  276-782-0736
well off car browsing shopping in a few! this should be fun  text me 
"i'm the one who wants to be with you, deep inside i hope you'll feel it too  waiting on a line of greens and blues, just to be the next to be with you "
"damn, what's with all the constant updates from the same damn people? i don't care about your life and what you find funny  gosh lol i feel violent today"
full metal alchemist is the only thing from keeping me from going to bed from total boredom  too bad i've already seen this episode
well off to the house of hypocrits known as grove baptist church  hopefully get to go online and do some research at moms  text me 
"gah dad knows how to really kill a good mood  anyways fuck it, text me  276-782-0736"
bored as hell and im ignoring my homework for a little while  text me 
"everyday it's something hits me oh so cold  you find me sittin' by myself, no excuses that i know  "
"just for you, i'd take the needle and your pain  away from you, i'd give you shelter from the rain  just for you, one for you  "
even seeing your name makes me sick  anyways goodnight all  lets head em out in the morning and pray tomorrow doesnt suck as bad as i think it will
i really need to get outta the house  annoyed 
i think i'm coming on with a kidney infection  no school ugh
i find imagine by <propfirst> lennon to be offensive to people who have a religion and or love their country
alabasta bored so hit him up fools  laugh 
gah school can blow one  i hate english  i really would love to drop out to regular english  laugh 
<propmale> petty is my hero  working on some algebra ii and then maybe a bit on my english paper  text?
bored and sleepy so the best solution is bed  night 
"gah, love's overrated  text "
people bore me severely  downloading music 
"lyrically, <propmale> cochrane is the greatest poet of all time! he knows just how to draw you in  pictures from the edge, wish you well, sinking like a sunset   all beautiful songs  laugh "
"my world, what a girl, nobody's girl, pictures from the edge love  text it  276-782-0736"
well i guess i better get to bed for practice in the morning  cant for life to start being exciting again
in bristol christmas shopping  text me 
hopefully i'll get home safely! i got managed to get me some band tees and a pair of jeans  smile 
alabasta back safely and now has a kickass profile pic  smile 
you people bore me  text?
\i'm gonna check my scars at home \,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,you people bore me  solution? getting off of here and going to lay down 
"on a bus with a bunch of loud people, with a headache and pissed at thw world  joy  "
gah  i have a headache and i hate at least 95% of you  laugh  so i'm going to bed! goodnight one and all
im extremely confused by all the posts o o who are we talking about?
ohh i get it now  send me a number between 1-500 to my inbox and i shall gladly tell you what i think of you!
"1039: yewr amazing! yew have the best taste in music of anybody i know, yewr amazingly beautiful, and i wanna marry yew! i wish i could see yew more and i wish yew'd text me back once in a while  playful  that is all for now  smile "
"499 99: youre just plain awesome and so \g\"" you're almost an \""h\"" its gay we dont talk as much anymore and you're very pretty  laugh """
69: i dont know you that much on a personal level and over the years ive hated you  but with time ive learned youre not as bad as i thought  smile 
143: are you wearing space pants? cause youre outta this world! haha but seriously none of gods angels could be as pretty as you  youve got a good heart and you always listen when everyone else is tired of me  so thanks for being an amazing friend  smile 
21: youre short  that is all  haha jk youre alright  glad we got to meet due to the play
111: you laugh too much and youre a baby killer  but youre alright lol
696969696969: dear sister i love you and always will  youve always been there for me and youre the greatest sidekick ever (besides <propfirst>) all and all youre amazing and absolutely beautiful  im gonna rape you one day so look forward to it  laugh 
crotch monkey: youre awesome and have been a good friend through all the rough times and never ceased to text me and try to cheer me up when i felt down  youre very pretty and i loves you! p s  lets go back to shitagua (cant spell)  smile 
77: i dont really know much about you honestly even though ive known you since kindergarten  messed up aint it?
23: youre an amazing person  very beautiful and very down to earth  youre serious yet funny  thanks for always being there for me  though we dont see eye to eye on everything *cough cough* music *cough* that hasnt slowed us down has it? and if i cant marry 1039 then youre my next pick  laugh  wait  were already married  laugh 
321: i miss your sweet ass in theatre class  wink  haha i made a rhyme! anyways youre awesome and always happy but you dont take shit  keep it up  ohh did i mention youre pretty?  laugh 
1120: i have no idea who you are and if weve met im sorry i dont remember  laugh  youre very very beautiful and id like to get to know ya!
66: youre so slow in the hallway and you always pick a fight with me but youre very pretty and awesome  laugh 
56 33: i dont really know much about you except that you have terrible music and i had fun with you and crotch monkey at shitagua (cant spell)  laugh 
7 77: i really dont know much about you but you used to talk to me and you seemed pretty kewl  laugh 
gimme your <propfirst>! i'm bored and need new texting buddies
i believe im still missing alot of people! <propfirst> please  laugh 
62: biology would be way more boring without you even though you make me not concentrate on my work
"16: wow, where to begin! you're very sweet and beautiful  always supportive in any situation   well except something like suicide  playful  but even then you're there to console me in anything  i had a crush on you for a while lol  well im sure theres tons more i could ramble on but that gets us nowhere  playful  haha love you  laugh "
6 02ee23: lol we never get to talk much but youre pretty kewl! very pretty too  laugh 
5689666: haha well youve been a good friend and youre an amazing person! very beautiful and full of life and energy  i had a crush on you once upon a time  laugh  but then again havent we all?  wink   laugh 
97: i was pretty sure you hated my guts during the beginning weeks of the play but turns out youre pretty awesome  my favorite teacher! haha  laugh 
1442: i hated you last year due to the fact my nipplies were always hurt but this year ive come to realize youre not bad  we must fistacuff battle again soon
i think it's safe to say that kimmie <propmale> has the cutest voice and laugh  smile 
666: at first i thought youd be a bitch but after just one play rehearsal you ended up being one of my best friends  youre very beautiful and one day we must <propfemale> out and terrorize <propfirst>!  laugh 
"everynight that you made me smile, it's the same old way it used to be, and that's enough for me  everytime that sleep don't come, it's the same old way it used to be, and that's enough for me"
339: youre pretty kewl from what i know about ya  i wish we couldve been besties in school too! youre extremely pretty!  laugh 
1193: i thought at first you'd just be some smarty pants who wouldn't put up with someone like me  turns out we became great friends! im gonna beat up your homework so you can breathe for once  laugh 
44321: haha weve known each other for a long time and were great friends! hard to believe i liked you in 8th grade  laugh  but im glad you put up with <propfirst> so i dont have to  laugh 
78 73: my twin brother   seperated from me at birth   youre pretty fly i must say  from the music to the hair! long live the metal gods!
13 5: turns out youre pretty kewl and a great actor  you hurt us so much but it was for our own good
sorry people but i cant post anymore  laugh 
boobs  that is all 
"even if you walked across the sky, i'll be with you tonight  even if you told a thousand lies, i'd still believe you  on a lonely, lonely sea i dream of you  you know i need you here with me  the emptiness inside my heart has told me, you're an angel in my sight "
gaaaah fuck english!!!! i hate this damn report and it sucks even worse with no internet d:<
gah  why am i always so angry?
well off to bed i suppose  hopefully some force of nature bitch slaps school into closing  laugh 
"breaking news: local hippie proclaims \fuck you all!\"" to the general public  advised to stay indoors """
to all of those interested (which  should be all of you) i am naked  that is all 
you people bore me  text it 
"it's not that i don't care about your feelings, it's just too much trouble to give a shit "
i only know three badasses and the other two send me christmas cards 
i think you losers should text me  smile 
i'd love to have new people to text! hit me up! 276-782-0736
gah i'm so bored this weekend  i'm stuck at my papaw's all weekend  text it 
what was it you once said? that there would be things in life that couldn't be  not for a second did i believe that  not for a minute did i believe that   love 
you lovely ladies should text me  laugh  276-782-0736
you once said i was your bridge  you burned it  you once said i was your castle  you sold it  you once said i was your heart  you broke it  i once believed you  not anymore 
are you dead yet?
well fuck  i'm stuck in the one place i hate (grove baptist church) and it's sleeting like hell   gah i don't wanna be stuck here!  or worse  having to spend the night again with papaw >:i
"get inside my fire circle, hand in hand we burn  round and round we spin my darling, can you feel the heat?"
"ohh don't give us none of your aggrevation, we've had it with your discipline! ohh saturday night's alright for fighting, get a little action in!"
people should really text me  annoyed 
"come to me now, <propfemale> erotica!"
can you feel my hate?
"he do the song about the sweet ah lovin' woman, he do the song about the knife, then he do the walk, do the walk of life, hey! do the walk of life!"
"tomorrow is a long, long time when you've lost your way  "
well i believe i shall go to bed  goodnight one and all
"play a song for me, but it has to be, in the tradition of love gone wrong love "
time for me to take a nap i suppose
fffffuck! i can't find my jumpdrive and it has all of my stuff for my report  sad 
"she makes me feel like it's raining outside, and when the storms gone i'm all torn up inside  i'm always nervous on days like this like the prom, i get too scared to move cause i'm a fucking boy  "
"she paints her eyes as black now, pull those shades down tight  yeah, there's a smile when the pain comes, the pain's gonna make everything alright  she says she talks to angels, says they all know her name  "
"baby, there's something on my mind tonight  there's a reason to believe we almost got it right  there's a fire burning in the firelight, as we roll on tonight love "
"to all those i've ever offended, to all those people i've ever made cry, to those who i've ever pissed off   i really don't care and get the fuck over it  smile "
"it's a winter wonderland outside, it's cold as balls, <propfemale> <propmale> is like the coolest girl ever, and i'm going to bed!"
just got me a fucking bad ass 120 watt hartke bass amp for 150 bucks! <propfemale> christmas! haha  smile 
seeing as how only 3 people in the entire world ever return my texts  i'm going to talk to myself :i
yeah  i get more company talking to myself :i
i hear voices in my head   and they don't like me   
is attempting hari <propfemale>  wish me luck!  laugh 
i've grown tired of talking to myself so i'm going to bed due to boredom  goodnight 
i'd love some texts  smile 
is attempting murder-suicide  smile 
is dead 
i'm ready for bed   this paper is kicking my ass because staring at this laptop screen with no music puts me in a trance  
i'm gonna afro-engineer some ice onto the roads tonight  wish me luck!
okay  sooo do we get out tomorrow or are they going to be gay and make us go?
bahaha were in a state of emergeency
bahaha my dumbass is out in town  hopefully make it home safely
alabasta has powah again fools!
"ladies and gentlemen please, would bring your attention to me  i'd love a text or two, to sometime be eminating from you  smile "
you've got <propfemale>! so let it out! you've got the power! stand up and shout!
"lord, i can't make any changes   all i can do is write 'em in a song  "
"no one knows what's like, to be the bad man, to be the sad man, behind blue eyes  "
"out on sentimental street in the avenues  take a good hard look, there ain't nothing ever new  out on sentimental street in the avenues  will you ever find out? guess i'll leave it up to you "
"she can take it back, she will take it back   someday"
"is dead, again "
"had a bright idea to open a window, and i jizz my pants   "
i've actually found a jimi hendrix song i like   crosstown traffic!
people should text me and make me feel special
"gah, boredom's a bitch and i'm always her victim  annoyed "
you people bore me  off for the night  text or leave me something 
so i'm laying here with you on my mind and an almost unbearable pain in my left arm   not the usual weekend night
"even if you walked across the sky, i'll be with you tonight love "
"and in another year, the pain will disappear and i, will look back on this life as if it were a scene, in a film somebody made of you and me  i wish you well  oh, i wish you well  "
"fi uoy nac daer siht, uoy dluohs txet em! osla, er'uoy ylbaborp knurd!  smile "
"jealousy, turning saints into the sea, swimming through sick lullabies, choking on your alibis  but it's just the price i pay, <propfemale> is calling me  open up my eager eyes, 'cause i'm mr  brightside"
"he do the song about the sweet ah lovin' woman, he do the song about the knife, then he do the walk, do the walk of life  hey, do the walk of life "
very bored and lonely  unfortunately my modem didn't come today  fuck the united postal service! text it  276-782-0736
according to my info sources the beginning to the eclipse (meaning barely any visability) started at 1 smile 3 which doesn't show for now  it will be visable for a good amount at 2:47 and at 3:17 it should be completely visable 
i'd love for people to text me and keep me company  smile  276-782-0736
"\and did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts? hot ashes for trees? hot air for a cool breeze? cold comfort for change? and did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a cage?\"" wish you were here - pink <propmale>   powerful stuff!"""
"lovin', touchin', squeezin' by journey makes me wanna touch myself  smile "
"take it down with a steam hammer, pack it hard, lead shot in your mood shooter  choose your poison, have a drink with your pain killer  take us down!"
i walk the thin line between insanity and lovin' you
"take another second  turn your back on me and make believe, that you're always happy  it's safe to say, you were never alive, a big part of you has died and by the way, i hope you're satisfied  i'm alive, for you, i'm awake  because of you i'm alive  told you i'm awake, swallowing you!"
i'd enjoy some texts! especially from new people  laugh  276-782-0736
my arms are in immense pain  
"one day i will be the ruthless ruler of the world and kill you off slowly, until then i'll just hate you all  laugh "
gah i'm tired  and i have a feeling today will be boring and filled with anger  text it   annoyed 
bahaha <propfemale> jones and i just came up with the greatest romace tragic comedy movie ever  smile 
"this will be the most boring christmas ever  i haven't even slightly looked forward to it  ohh wells, text it "
christmas just ain't christmas without you mamaw  can't say i've had a bad one but it sure would've been nice to see you  
"i had opinions, that didn't matter  i had a brain, that felt like pancake batter-i gotta backyard, with nothin' in it except a stick, a dog, and a box with something in it "
it's all part of my rock 'n' fantasy -headbangs-
"out on sentimental street in the avenues, there ain't nothing never new love "
tired of everybody's fucking attitude  pisses me off  text it 
why do they lie? why do they promise you can touch the sky? why do they lie? why do they promise the <propfemale>? why do they promise the <propfemale>  
sucks to know i'm always the runner up  the second best  gah i have a headache that could kill an adult elephant and an anger to match
i'm inspired to start a new wave band that wears flower pots on their heads and yellow jumpsuits!   -sigh- too bad that's already been done  
almost certain more people would talk to me if i had a pair of boobs  anyways text this number -----> 276-782-0736
"i will be watching over you, i am gonna help you see it through, i will protect you in the night, i am smiling next to you   in silent lucidity love "
finally back online  smile 
you people bore me
i would enjoy some company! text it  im  message  msn  whatever floats your boat!
"it's christmas <propfemale> and i've only wrapped two fuckin' presents\it's christmas <propfemale> and i've only wrapped two fuckin' presents\and i hate, hate, hate your guts,\i hate, hate, hate your guts,\and i'll never talk to you again,\unless your dad will suck me off\i'll never talk to you again\unless your mom will touch my cock\i'll never talk to you again\ejaculate into a sock\\bahaha gotta love blink-182  laugh "
"well e playful ect me to be\calling you to see\if you're okay when i'm not around\asking if you love me?\i love the way you make it sound\calling you to see\do i try too hard to make you smile?\to make us smile"
"how about a firewalk?, through the flames with you\can you feel the trance i bring?\it takes you somewhere else\i am scared to do you harm\i love you, come on let's burn"
i fell in love with the girl at the rock show love 
hmm  -sigh- nah lol
ahh thats the best ive slept in months! text it  smile 
"the best thing about tonight's that we're not fighting\could it be that we have been this way before\i know you don't think that i am trying\i know you're wearing thin down to the core\\but hold your breathe\because tonight will be the night that i will fall for you\over again\don't make me change my mind\or i wont live to see another day\i swear it's true\because a girl like you is impossible to find"
"she makes me feel like it's raining outside\and when the storm's gone i'm all torn up inside\i'm always nervous on, days like this like the prom\i get too scared to move, cause i'm a fuckin' boy"
sooo just got done playing rock band 3 online and singing various songs on e playful ert  turns out i'm in the top 8% best singers on there  laugh 
"no one knows what it's like, to be the bad man, to be the sad man   behind blue eyes"
currently writting a new song!
"you missed the winter and it followed you back home \where sun kissed the crimson footsteps in the melting snow \we are doing our best to disown the <propfemale> mean \by disacts of cruelty in the name of beauty to be free \\the acoustic funeral for love in limbo \we're dancing with tags on our toes \i saved my last breath for your window \to write you this song for the acoustic funeral"
id love for some texts  smile 
\you’re just a silhouette in slow motion\,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,"learned more about life  loved  hated  lost a lot  gained nothing  a year of broken dreams and promises  a year of the economy going down  a year where i've e playful ressed myself more artistically than any before  a year i will raise my right hand, raise the middle finger, and shine a salute to 2010 "
"keep your heart open and your eyes shut tight  what will be, will be  keep your heart open and your eyes shut tight  but don't forget about me  ohh the phantoms, crawl out of the night  hoping tomorrow will never come, for you and i love "
"it was a blue letter\she wrote to me\it's silver words she told\wanna be on the road to paradise\i wanna lover who don't get old \\do i read a message in your eyes\you wanna love to stay another night\baby when your day goes down\i won't be waitin' around for you  love "
gah  i'm fucking sleepy tired -_-
"cheer up boys, your makeup's running!"
"going to attempt to finish the writing of my research paper  work citations will be made tomorrow  i must relearn how to do 2 chapters of chemistry, one of algebra, and do pointless espanol  text if you need me "
had an excellent day lol thinking are looking up so maybe my new year's resolution will get fulfilled lol night facebook
"see the little faggot with the earring and the makeup?\yeah <propmale>, that’s his own hair\that little faggot got his own jet airplane\that little faggot he’s a millionaire!\\gotta install microwave ovens\custom kitchen deliveries\we gotta move these refrigerators\gotta move these color tv's\\haha i love dire straits  laugh "
encyclopedia dramatica is one of the greatest sites ever!  laugh 
"i wake up, with my eyes shut tight\hoping tomorrow will never come\for you and i\\oh the phantoms, crawl out of the night\hoping the daylight will never come\for you and i"
"more than words, to show you feel that your love for me is real love "
i'm hanging by a moment here with you love 
well i've had a wonderful day and evening  perhaps my luck is turning around  it's snowing and i want to stay home  goodnight one and all!
"i only know three badasses in the world, and the other two send me christmas cards   "
"i will be watching over you\i am gonna help you see it through\i will protect you in the night\i am smiling next to you   in silent lucidity"
snow update anyone? it isn't doing anything here =[
as i lay me done to sleep  i pray my lord for snow real deep! please let school be cancelled  i'll be screwed tomorrow in chemistry and english if it's not =[
can we just pretend i'm the guy you've always wanted?
ahh yet another wonderful night! goodnight   morning one and all ^^
"i wake up, with my eyes shut tight, hoping tomorrow will never come, for you and i love "
<propfemale> hall is a meanie butt  smile 
"everywhere you want i always go \i always give in because, babe, you know \you just say so cause you give me that \feeling inside that i know must be right \it's the singer not the song"
"it really gets under my skin when people replace their \g\""'s with \""q\""'s why?!"""
is it bad if i'm using my library book as a food tray?
e playful licitly dancing with <propfirst> alabaster calahan
adrie ampudia is like my bestest friend  smile 
"how about a firewalk, through the flames with you? love "
<propfemale> <propfemale> lehr and <propfemale> jones are like my bestest friends ever  smile 
"here i am, still tangled up in you love  can't wait til saturday ^^"
"\it's not lupus\"" - house"""
"if you are <propfemale> jones and reading this, then make me a sammich!"
if you are <propfemale> <propfemale> and reading this i wish you goodnight ^^
"<propfemale> <propmale> , <propfemale> untiedt , and <propfemale> jones  are likes my bestest friends   ohh and i absolutely hate <propmale> muncy   he's a <propmale>"
<propmale> akers is a nasty slut
<propfirst> <propfirst> muncy is a filthy asian hooker
and i almost had you but i guess that doesn't cut it  almost had you and i didn't even know it love 
"oh please, say to me\you'll let me be your man\and please, say to me\you'll let me hold your hand \now let me hold your hand,\i want to hold your hand love "
i am a trapezoid
<propfirst> griffey is a hoe
i desperately miss <propfemale> blevins  sad 
"i'm your lover, i'm your zero love "
well today's saturday! can't wait ^^
currently bored out of my mind  annoyed 
"i must say, today was grand ^^"
gah i didnt sleep too well last night lol but i did have a really awesome dream
hmm  i feel the need to go visit mamaws grave sometime  maybe after i get my license tomorrow  smile 
felt great to go cruising in my truck for the first time with dad  got alot of stupid shit off my mind  shower then msn  text?
well i feel alot better than i did earlier  worrying over little things isn't healthy lol  working on my works cited <propfemale> for english  text? im?
"well today wasn't the best, maybe tomorrow? liking idea f snow but i hate staying home lol night everyone"
hmm  a bit tired after school lol  glad the report is outta the way! feeling a little better after getting home lol
\there's paper promises and alibis \,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,hmm   that bothers me  anyways internets down  text?
well  going to bed in my pajamas inside out and a <propfemale> spoon under my pillow  i hope i don't lose it  laugh 
"it astounds and annoys me how i get so worked up by little things  ugh  anyways, currently listening to music, would enjoy some ims or texts lol"
\and i'm gettin to know myself a little bit better\,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,-sigh- hopefully this will get resolved  anyways maybe tomorrow will be a good day  goodnight 
rather lonely and bored lol  text  276-782-0736  smile 
well today wasn't bad but i need sleep  night
well i can now say i have a band i listen to that's from <propfemale> lol  phoenix is pretty kewl!
staying over at papaws house with my annoying ass cousin  im ready to slit my throat  fml! im rather lonely and would enjoy texts  276-782-0736
"wow  i don't see how my friends put up with my constant bitching, but i'm glad they do  well i guess i have nothing left to do but sleep"
it's not fair! why are black people born with the ability to rock out on a bass?! whitey gotta learn on his own!
"soo  sleepy  need   nap   zzzzzz   ooo wait, i have church for the next 2 or 3 hours -_-"
<propfemale> hall doesn't have anybody to leeeaaaannnn ooonnn
<propmale> slobadon richmond is a nasty whore
"a tout mes amis, je vous aime!"
well rather sleepy  heading to bed  goodnight fair citizens of facebook!
and so ends a terribly bland day  at least i got to see her    lol well goodnight peoples!
<propfemale> <propfemale> lehr needs somebody to leeeaaannnnn ooonnnn
ahh don'tcha just love staying up til 2 in the morning having the most random conversations with your gf? love  no? just me? pssh losers  lol night
hahaha i had a 5 minute long conversation with a guy attempting to prank call me  laugh 
ahh wow <propfemale> <propfemale> is just great  love  heading to bed  hmm hopefully i'll have nightmares about my story  muahahaha
"wow  fall in love with my own story lol  well off to bed, hopefully no school  goodnight klb love "
you have some kind of hold on me  love  anyways i am completely sleepy and about to die lol goodnight one and all
ehh  i'm so sleepy on sunday mornings  
"'cause love's such an old fashioned word\and love dares you to care for\the people on the edge of the night\and love dares you to change our way of\caring about ourselves\this is our last dance\this is ourselves\under pressure love "
"stand by for another breakdown\sound off the alarm\is this the chameleon boy i swore i wouldn't become? love "
klb love  | ahh the dreaded exams tomorrow and the rest of the week  woo - - goodnight
"\she smiled sweetly and says don't worry\"" love  | ahh bedtime for ty  lol"""
ugh  my alarm was going off for 10 minutes before i realized how to cut it off  laugh  another exam day   a rather difficult one of spanish iii and chemistry i believe   wish me luck - -
"i'll be there when your heart stops beating  i'll be there when your last breath's taken away  in the dark when there's no one listening  in the times when we both get carried away, when we both get carried away love "
"just take your overactive ego, shrink it down like a mosquito, baby lovin' you was such a chore love "
-sigh- anyways last exam day tomorrow  honors english and biology   wooo - -
"i'm irritated and freezing cold, i can't stop shaking  i'm freakin tired and sleepy as hell  i have a feeling today will be wondrous - -"
the lake looks amazing frozen! cant believe my stupid ass walked down here  ohh wells time to head back home  text me 
"take another shot of courage,\wonder why the right words never come,\you just get numb \it's another <propfemale> sunrise,\and this old world still looks the same,\another frame  love "
rather upset with myself  getting off here  text i guess
well i feel bad that i've ruined your day  -sigh-
well i do hope today will be a good day  rather tired 
rather bored  hope this weekend doesn't completely suck  text me 
ugh  i absolutely hate weekends! i'm always stuck inside while everyone else gets to go somewhere  hopefully i get to get out in a few  
i wish i had a more exciting life lol  it's good to get out of the house i guess  text me  276-782-0736
well my outting with my girl wasn't too bad  laugh  i got the game i've been looking for for 15 bucks! overall not bad!
ugh i hate waking up with a stomach ache  i probably need to go to the doctor about it - - well i'm at church  text a bit before it starts? lol
well eating with chopsticks was the highlight of my night  text me 
ugh  i'd like one day where i didn't feel like shit or be depressed for no reason   -_-
well no reason for me to stay up  goodnight 
well off to bed  hope my hair survives the night  laugh  | <propfemale> bell love 
"let me hear you say this shit is bananas!\b-a-n-a-n-a-s"
ahh tiredness  lol goodnight peoples  klb love 
my alarm didn't wake me up   survey says this day has a <propmale> of totally sucking for me! or  maybe it could be a sign of a great day!
"no school! no school! party time, excellent!  laugh  now i can get caught up on my reading in english and some of my homework ^^ going back to sleep!"
"i really want a keyboard =[\ohh and a microphone and stand!  if anybody has these for a reasonable price lemme know!"
afterschool was pretty amazing ^^ hmm   rather bored though   i wanna play tekken 6  lol
ahh how did i get so lucky? heading to bed  goodnight peoples  kayla love 
"ahh i had an amazing day with my girl   even though it was just a movie and throwing a reese's cup at each other  laugh , it's the little things that sometimes mean the most  i love you <propfemale> bell love "
"\most girls growing up dream of being that disney <propfemale>  most guys growing up dream of being that uber badass warrior ninja guy that fights off evil and saves the planet!\"" - me  smile """
if anybody has a microphone and or microphone stand they're willing to sell for a reasonable price or donate please contact me  laugh 
that has got to have been the worst shower i've ever taken   -sigh- well at she's the only thing that's went right today heh love 
you just don't know love  night everyone!
ahh a blueberry muffin and talking to my girl   sounds pretty grand to me ha
<propmale> + <propfemale> =  love  simple math really =p lol goodnight everyone  i need my beauty sleep  laugh 
klb love 
"well i had a decent outting with my girl  got to see her and eat lol not too shabby  bored, text?"
"ahh you just don't know how happy this girl, <propfemale> <propfemale>, makes me! i mean seriously, how did i get so lucky? =p heh ohh wells not complaining! goodnight world  klb love "
-sigh- rather bored   texts or ims would be great lol
if anybody has a microphone and stand for it for sale at a reasonable price or some to donate please lemme know  smile 
"well homework time  annoyed  i wish for just one night without - - ohh wells, guess it'll only get worse as i move up! texts would kind of ease the pain though  laugh "
stummy ache and coughing  not a sure of a good day -_-
i feel like playing an old gameboy sp game  smile 
\and you come to me on a summer breeze, keep me warm in your love \6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,"i've come to the conclusion i am better than this list people annoyed \<propfirst> griffey\<propfirst> hampton\schmoofus mccool\<propfirst> price\<propmale> akers\<propfirst> <propfirst> muncy \\hate comments e playful laining why i am wrong would amuse me   smile "
"ugh  sooo hungry   erika <propfemale>, make me a sammich!  annoyed "
haha hope it works for ya ;p anyways goodnight facebook! love you kayla love 
ahh wow she's totally the most amazing girl ever  hands down  i love you <propfemale>  smile 
ugh weekends are gaayy  nothing to do 
"is it any wonder, i reject you first?   fame, fame, fame    is it any wonder, you are too cool to fool? fame   wink "
"ugh it seriously needs to be summer  i'm tired of having to worry about school after coming home from most of the time unsatisfying, boring weekends  i feel like crawling under a rock and sleeping for a month lol  text or im i suppose "
if anyone is a drummer or knows one please contact myself or schmoofus mccool  also if anyone has a microphone and or stand they wish to donate or sell for a reasonable price lemme know!
ahh  attempting to write a duet by myself   lame  playful 
"okay i'm really ticked off  look, if you don't wanna talk to me then you can tell me that  i also realize i'm not the greatest person on planet earth but hey, i have emotions too  i'm getting off here "
well i'm going to bed  cheers to a sucky week  
today actually wasn't bad due to the small things that happened  perhaps tomorrow shall be rockin'!
not a bad day  freakin' tired though  i need to take longer naps *cough cough*  playful 
"\don't complain about not being able to find somebody to love when you won't even open your eyes \"" - me hmm  currently bored  might play rock band with father lol """
"okay, i'm on a mission to start eating healthier and getting more active! wish me luck  playful "
okay sooo my myyearbook account was deleted randomly? ohh wells i don't really need it 
ahh  well i guess i'm gonna get off here  perhaps tomorrow will be an alright day  let's hope it rains =p
hmm  i definately new friends  not a lot of people talk to me lol
\hey there delilah\,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,ahh nothing like writing a little bit to kill a little time and feel less lonesome lol  maaan i seriously need a vacation away from here 
"hahaha omg! <propfemale> <propfemale> just made my night!  laugh \\me: \lol yeah one of my friends is pretty crazy\""\",6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,ahh i woke up cross-eyed  laugh  hopefully today will be pretty good 
\in the car i just can't wait\,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,well bedtime kiddies! go to bed  like seriously  we have school tomorrow  but you wouldn't care   no sir  you only want to stay up and post cheesy quotes and talk to people  lemme tell ya something  you need education  so go to bed! ohh and i love <propfemale> bell  just saying  smile 
hmm   i'm feeling rather great after laying off the mountain dew! i've only had a sip to help me sleep one night  woot!
"dear <propfemale> pendry,\\      your spaghetti smells atrocious but it tastes good  guess it balances out!\\                                     sincerly, <propfirst> who happens to be a few rooms away"
i've come to the conclusion that people that live in chilhowie are bat shit crazy o o
\oh won't you please just hold out now\,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,maan <propfirst> nicks has such a powerful and moving voice =p
it sucks getting toothpaste in your facial hair  laugh  well i suppose i'll attempt to sleep 
i feel accomplished! i completely organized all of my photos and created a new email account  laugh 
so i feel up to the task of creating a list  a list of my top 500 songs!   not in order though haha  laugh 
phew  i got 100 of the 500 songs i consider to be my all time favorites  it's a challenge  laugh 
well i've finished packing   moving to oklahoma in a few days  i'll miss you all  sad 
i had a great movie night with @<propfemale> <propfemale> she's so incredible   and a sleepy head  playful  lol i love you love 
i hate losing the sleep but i love waking up to a dark dreary sky  laugh \\nklb(=
i swear i will cut my eyelid off if it keeps twitching  annoyed 
sitting here at burger king   my sith mind trick was a success! x3
ahh wow  2 months already! hehe hopefully more to come! i love you love 
hmm  i wonder how drunk the neighbors will be today  laugh  well it's st  <propfirst>'s day   possibly the most useless holiday invented  besides <propmale> day   smile 
\i can't face myself when i wake up\,6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,haha fell asleep with kayla  she's so hard to wake up  laugh  had a great night  i love you love 
ugh   just got back from walking to the spillway   soo tired   -dies-
"thank god for system restore! my laptop was being stupid and downloaded \windows live essentials 2011\"" and needless to say made all of my windows programs completely homosexual and i couldn't uninstall it -_- but it's all good now ^^"""
\catwoman and <propmale> <propfirst>, i swear i saw those ho's kiss!\6a6423112ec1882ab01a78c9dcf2aac5,"i need to invest in a life, do you all know where i can find one?"
ahh well  my internet got cut off <propfemale> if you need to contact me text  276-782-0736  hmm   i hate negative thoughts 
okay i've done something incredible this morning! i want you all to notice what i've done  playful 
hmm  seriously thinking of deleting every single number off my phone  it's great to know you have friends who don't like to put up with you outside of school - -
maan my random rants always put me in a fiery mood lol  i need to calm down before i hurt someone
haha i have the funniest and most evil gf ever  playful  but i wouldn't have it any other way love  i love you <propfemale>
haha i barely got any sleep  but at least i have <propfemale> to make things just right love 
wow this sunday has been such a waste of time! i'm so fucking angry i'm scared i'll hurt somebody before i get out of fucking church!\\nty love kay
today has been so terrible  except for her  i love you kaykay  you're the one right thing in a world so wrong love 
ahh i'm tired of moving! it's <propfemale> exhausting lol  kinda bored so texts are cool  kayla love 
hmm  i need something to do  i'd rather beat my head against the wall repeatedly than spend weekends at papaws -_-
ahh had a rather good evening with my lady  haha her mamaw is funny  playful  lol love you kay love 
