452969f15f04724a607691bf2587039b
"greatest quote in the world   >> light always travels faster than sound, that is why some people appear bright until they speak<<  hahaha gotta love it"
mmmmmmkay    soooooooo tired   
"someone finish this for me!!! pronto!!   iiiiiiiiiiin west philadelphia, born and raised    "
too    much    family    
"humanity is lucky i'm a nice guy, otherwise only 1 4 of them would still be alive right now   "
"a school essay should be like a mini skirt: long enough to cover everything, but short enough to keep it interesting  eh? eh?"
"living on earth is e playful ensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun! haha"
men are like bank accounts  without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest 
i told the doctor i broke my leg in two places  he told me to quit going to those places  - henny youngman
i am not a vegetarian because i love animals; i am a vegetarian because i hate plants  --a  <propfirst> brown
"yay im a ravenclaw  coolest name, blue (favy color), smart,  similar to me, and     ummm     eff slytherin, yo!"
"\suburbs are areas where they cut down trees and then name the streets after them \""   hahaha i love dry humor"""
"the 50-50-90 rule: anytime you have a 50-50 <propmale> of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong "
real friends help you hide the bodies    really good friends help you get rid of the witnesses!!   <(^-^)>
"in an argument, a woman always has the last word  anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument "
i stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards  i got a full house and four people died 
am 20 today
why are my live feeds posting as my brother?
this is <propmale> not <propmale>
"i made no resolutions for the new year  the habit of making plans, of criticizing, sanctioning, and molding my life is too much of a daily event for me "
people used to e playful lore the dimensions of reality by  taking lsd to make the world look weird  now the world is weird and they take prozac to make it look normal   
"im a lil <propfemale> somewhere in me i think    but to be honest, im only in it for the corned beef   hell, id say i was chinese if it came with free potstickers!"
"despite the cost of living, have you noticed how living remains so  popular?"
i saw more rain here in ohio the last week than i did back in vegas for the last 10 years! vegas clothes + ohio weather = fail  lol
"first day of school at the salon was great  lots of nice ppl, plenty to learn, and im excited to see whats in store in the near future! oh, that and im the only guy in my class    can you say \score\""?   (b^-^)b"""
"whew, long day    but it was definately a good day  feels great to actually be challenged again    possibly making lifetime friends, but absolutely making a lifelong career!"
crazy weather  pitch black clouds and lightning but no sounds or rain  not even wind   annoyed 
have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor?
if money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches?
would rather check my facebook then face my checkbook     lol
"ummm   if <propfemale> oil comes from <propfemale>s, where does baby oil come from?"
is panicking at the disco
"did anyone ever stop to realize that the book film \new moon\"" is \",452969f15f04724a607691bf2587039b,"   apparently you have been misinformed, because the only advantage you have\ over me is    you can kiss my a**, and i cant   "
"if <propfemale> is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?"
is e playful eriencing life at a rate of several 'wtf's' a minute
"the 50-50-90 rule: anytime you have a 50-50 <propmale> of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong "
"whoo! just had a few beers\and played xbox with coolio! posting the pic soon!"
"being happy doesn't mean \everything's perfect   it means you've decided\                                    to see beyond the imperfections"
\there are no foreign lands  \,452969f15f04724a607691bf2587039b,"\a word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice \"""""
"i'm not a vegetarian because i love animals, i'm a vegetarian because i hate plants   "
if at first you dont succeed     then skydiving is not for you!!
"i went to the bookstore today and asked the saleswoman where the self help books were  she said she would tell me, but that would defeat the purpose "
"support bacteria! - they're the only culture \some people have      > annoyed "
"why does sea world have a seafood restaurant?? i remember being halfway through my \fish burger and i realized, oh man    i could be eating a slow learner "
"just created a new ringtone of the song music and you by <propfirst> perls at http annoyed  www brinked com, check it out here: http annoyed  www brinked com ringtone-m-296303 html"
by the time you read this you've already read it
">attempting to give a damn…  \\>unable to give a damn…  \\>stopping…  \\>process failed!\\[damn not given]"
"bets that in prison, everyone's relationship status says \it's complicated'"""
"? kiss ´¨`*twinkle twinkle \little star   point me to the nearest bar *´¨`*: ?                ?(-???-?)?"
"unless life also hands you water and sugar, your lemonade is gonna suck   "
"i stepped on a corn flake, does that make me a cereal killer???    annoyed "
"be not afraid of growing too slowly, be afraid only of standing still"
"your love is like a river, peaceful and deep  your soul is like a secret that i never could keep  when i look into your eyes i know that its true, god must have spent a little more time on you "
"when it hurts to look back, and your scared to look forward, you need only look beside you and i will be there  when everyone did shake my hand, you held it  i miss you not only because of who you are, but how you make me feel  because if i could reach up and hold a <propfemale> for every time you made me smile, i would have the evening sky in the palm of my hand "
god <propmale> me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change; courage to change the things i can; and the wisdom to know the difference 
las vegas  i'll be home again someday  702 born and raised baby!!!!
"9 11 is a perfect example of \why we can't pretend that  ? ? ?s     in the ??     are like shooting ??s   "
too weak to resist but too strong to lose   
"you wondered how youd make it through, i wondered what was hurting you  how could you give your heart to someone else, yet, share your dreams with me? sometimes the only thing your looking for, is the one thing you cant see   "
"i appear in the agony of day  till sunset by your side ill stay  i hope the sun soon bids the world goodbye, cuz to follow you is like an echoing cry  something that cant be escaped until the finish, my <propfemale> continues to diminish  as i replace the light in a demon's eye, im a worthless follower until night sky  shadow is the name you know me by   "
"flight of the conchords are so frickin awesome    if you dont know who they are, then your life e playful osure is sad    look them up and join the movement that is known as awesomeness!!!"
"im an apathetic sociopath    that means id kill you, if i cared   "
to err is human    to arr is pirate   
do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?
"o captain, my captain  our fearful trip is done  the ship has weather'd every rack, the prize we sought is won  exult o shores and ring o bells, but i with mournful tread, walk the deck my captain lies, fallen cold and dead "
"generally i wont let people drive me crazy, because little do they know its only walking distance  "
what? im not saying certain people are a waste of space   only that said space could be better occupied by air 
"books have knowledge, knowledge is power, power corrupts, corruption is a crime, and crime doesn't pay    so if you keep reading    you'll go broke       laugh "
"i do because i can, i can because i want to, i want to because you said i couldn't"
just heard that the oil spill in the gulf of mexico is so big that <propfemale> palin can see it from her house!
"why do we spend so much time trying to find intelligent life on other planets    not for nothing, but id be happy just to find intelligent life here on earth first   "
"tonight's weather: dark, continuing to look mostly dark all night  leading to widely scattered areas of light in the morning   "
"i think, therefor we have nothing in common "
"honor few, fear none   "
"there is a difference between beauty and charm  a beautiful woman is one i notice, a charming woman is one who notices me "
i have enough money to last me the rest of my life    unless i buy something   
"well hun, you seem to think you know what your talking about and what your doing when you clearly dont    looks like you have the makings of a bright future as a politician "
"due to recent cutbacks, until further notice, the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off    furthermore, due to circumstances within my control, tomorrow will be cancelled      thank you    "
oh! you hate your job? there is a support group for that    its called everybody     and they meet at the bar 
"you make my teeth clinch and my hands shake, do you ever see what you do to me? your wearing me out, but i wearing you down  your so impossible, but lovely  so impossible to win or please  im wearing you out, but im wearing you down "
never argue with an idiot    they will end up dragging you down to their level    and then beat you with e playful erience 
"unforgettable, thats what you are  unforgettable though near or far  like a song of love that clings to me, how the thought of you does things to me  never before has someone been more "
"ambiguity    what happens in vagueness, stays in vagueness   "
\never pick a fight with an ugly person," theyve got nothing to lose \""\"452969f15f04724a607691bf2587039b,"yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift    that is why we call it the present "
"cuando amor no es locura, no es amor  (when love is not madness, it is not love)\-spanish proverb"
"looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun    you dont stare at it, you just glance to get a sense and then look away  -- <propfirst> seinfeld"
hakuna matata!!! the world's 'problem-free philosophy'!   smile 
a word to the wise aint necessary   its the stupid ones that need the advice 
"\she's so hot    i wanna tell her how hot she is    id tell her she's hot but then she'd think i was sexist    she's so hot she's making me sexist    bitch   \""   <propmale> <propfemale> (flight of the conchords)"""
those of you who criticize our generation apparently forget who raised it   
"welcome to wal-mart, get your shit and get out    --<propfirst>"
"homeward bound, at least for the next week  umm     whoooo!!"
"back in ohio  back to the grind  never the less    you can take the boy out of the 702, but you cant take the 702 out of the boy "
"if i had a dollar for every brain you *don't* have, i'd have one dollar  --squidward  (the only funny character on that damn show)"
"never forget who you really are, no matter how many nights you stay awake trying to  pain is your friend, it is your ally  pain reminds you to finish the job and get the hell home  pain tells you when you have been wounded, but you know what the best thing about pain is? it tells you you're not dead yet"
"life is like a coin, you can spend it any way you wish  but you can only spend it once "
"ever notice how women get the last word in every argument, and anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument??   lol"
"go be with god and dont hurt anymore  we love you gram, watch over us  rest in peace    ---<propfemale> soto, 4 surprise 2 am, 1 15 2011---"
attn: public celebration of the life of <propfemale> soto on friday  tspa will be closed saturday 1 22 2011 
"kk fast update  the celebration on friday for gram will be at 11am, still at blessed <propfirst> xxiii off <propfemale> and 5 point "
"ever notice how the evening news is where they begin with ‘good evening’, and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t???"
a veeeeeery <propfemale> unbirthday to me!
"\evil will always triumph over good because good        is dumb \""  -- dark helmet (spaceballs)"""
"ok, now i think im getting exactly what winter thinks of me  gathering firewood from outside, i started to walk back up to the back sliding glass door  well i dropped a piece of wood and knelt to get it and what do you think happens? i happened to be standing under the *only* section of roof that gave way and like 20 pounds of snow slid off and fell on me  are you effin kidding me?!?!"
"tomorrow is nothing, today is too late; the good lived yesterday  --\<propmale> aurelius"
"he who goes to bed and goes to bed sober, falls as the leaves do and dies in october  but he who goes to bed and goes to bed mellow, lives as he ought to and dies an honest fellow  for night has brought to all those who sleep, only dreams that they cannot keep  so sleep as you wish and dream as you might, and ill stay beside you all through the night "
"a <propfemale> is no <propfemale> 'til you ring it,\a song is no song 'til you sing it,\and love in your heart wasn’t put there to stay\love isn’t love 'til you give it away "
"    and if you live to be a hundred, i want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so i never have to live without you "
"i've never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful, so give a stranger one of your smiles   it might be the only sunshine he sees all day "
have you ever noticed how easily puppies make humans love them? yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over    
my <propfemale> ran over my dogma
"i have to admit, after posting those videos of 90s cartoon (especially kenan and kel and all that) i feel      depressed    that was when life was good and easy  just come home, get your homework done, and turn on the radio or tv cuz back then the music was good and the tv actually had shit to watch  good shit, not like nowadays where kids are watching these sorry tweenie sitcoms  i want my pre-teen years back please"
"you don't love a woman because she is beautiful, she is beautiful because you love her "
"i wanna make you smile whenever your sad, <propfemale> you around when your arthritis is bad  all i wanna do is grow old with you  ill get your medicine when your tummy aches, build you a fire if the furnace breaks  it could be so nice growing old with you "
if there is righteousness in the heart there will be beauty in character  if there is beauty in character there is <propfemale> in the home  if there is <propfemale> in the home there will be order in the nation  if there is order in the nation there will be peace in the world 
"needs a facebook friend named hontas    so i can \poke\"" a hontas!   *enter punchline drums*"""
"im such a thrill seeker    when i see a \caution: wet floor\"" sign i just walk faster   """
"chicago baby! where was my first stop you ask? american girl store getting <propfemale> some goodies  you hear that grace? what i mean to say is thanks, thanks for making me walk 10 blocks thru super crowded streets with a big red bag saying \american girl\"" appreaciate it     lol"""
reservation at banderas for dinner then shopping  if anyone wants to chill call or text 702 449 0097 staying at the hyatt  lets meet up and see the sights chicas!
"dinner with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and gpa  awesome view  jazz band is setting up  got alaskan crabcakes and homemade oreo ice cream sammichez! yum!"
beauty show is awesome  all kinds of ppl and things to see  even half dressed women on stilts! but 6 bucks for a single hotdog? that pig better have fed on the fruits in the garden of <propfemale> 
well ive been stopped a grand total of 4 diff times from ppl who said i look familiar and wanna know from where  when i told one girl i was actually from vegas she called me a liar  haha women   
"at the stylist choice awards with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and  <propfirst>  looks like its gonna be awesome! however, lets work on the seating organization next time guy? bene   "
"back in p-burg  chicago was fun, but im over it  good to be back  ready to get back to school and chill with my homie <propfirst>"
"no one can blame you for walking away  too much rejection, no love injection  life can be easy, it's not always swell  don't tell me truth hurts, little girl     'cause it hurts like hell    it's only forever  not long at all  lost and lonely  that's underground"
"<propfemale> came to a fork in the road   \which road do i take?\"" she asked \",452969f15f04724a607691bf2587039b,docky shnaww!!! gooberface!!! shnockpoo!!! fohdin!!! bessht fren!!! i miss you    crying 
"how do rumors get started? they're started by the jealous people and they get mad seein somethin they had and sombody else is holdin  they tell me that temptation is very hard to resist, but these wicked women, they just persist  maybe you think it's cute, but girl i'm not impressed  i tell you one time only with my business please don't mess "
"when the smoke clears, ther'll be no more tears   "
