a156be939a557330a488c7aece7c6149
the hills are alivve!! with the sound of music    smile 
needs to pack  
"all right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height  (hahaha)  smile "
 smile 
"is back from her trip to the coast, and let me tell you, it was awesome!!!! there was a lot of driving, but i finally got to see the ocean!! (and a lot of other things) thank you willmores!"
wow    i got up really early today (for me at least  ) and i didn't even use an alarm clock! ? haha
   *pink panther anthem!*  it's totally stuck in my head! haha
does anyone have any advice on a good way get rid of hiccups?! aaahh
never try to cut a tangerine in half    it doesn't end pretty  lol
we all live in a yellow submarine 
"snape, snape, severus snape  dumbledore!"
saw a bunch of shooting stars last night!  smile 
drove on the freeway!! it was scary 
i saw a flock of moosen! in the woodsen!
"wow, i haven't been on facebook for a while    i'm sure you have all missed my comments  baha"
is so dead    haha  playful 
had to come to the library to type this    ha   smile 
"okay, i'll tell you   do you know the muffin man?"
is very groggy  sorry everyone 
finally got to see her niece!  laugh 
has so much homework it's not even funny!  playful 
"yes!!! oh, yeah! relief  "
dressing up for halloween used to be easy! what happened to that?
can't go trick-or-treating   sad  but she is planning on eating her brother's <propfemale>   smile 
finally has the internet! after 3 whole months without it   it was totally agonizing 
really hopes that brazilian food tastes good
brazillian food does taste good! i just hope i don't get food poisoning     smile 
"po-ta-toes! boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew   "
frollo's nose is long and he wears a dress 
so much pumpkin pie!!!! my life is complete   smile 
"the closer we are to danger, the farther we are from harm!"
" laugh dddddd!!!!!!!!! i almost died a couple of minutes ago, but i am now alive and very happy!!!!"
i cannot stop eating these sugar cookies   i think i've had like 16   i'm not even kidding they are so tastyy!!!!!  smile )
health food makes me sick 
"forget love, i'd rather fall in chocolate   smile   love "
siimply haavin' a wonderful christmas time! ? ?
i am very envious of my little brother   his planner says he has christmas vacation until 20010!       jealousy 
my computer has serious issues   it needs to go to some computer psyciatrist and work out its problems   playful 
math should go die 
yep   i agree with my cousin   owl city is pretty much awesome   smile 
why am i on facebook at 12:46 am?  that is a very good question    i think i'm going to blame my teachers for this one (even though it's really my fault that i procrastinated   ) yeah  haha  i love to do that     i'm tired  playful 
tomorrow is christmas    it's practically here!                                                 ~grinch
"is listening to owl city right now    yeah, i think i'm obsessed "
mmmmmmm! lunch and no cleanup! can life get better? i submit that it cannot!
wow  it's freezing 
"? when hygienists leave on long vacations, that's when dentists scream and lose their <propfemale> ?"
totally wasting my time right now  i'm on facebook when i should be doing something else     haha 
i cannot be contained in any container!
there is no charge for awesomeness   or attractiveness 
that one song is stuck in my head 
got a whole whopping 1 1 2 hours of sleep last night   isn't that amazing? i'm surprised i'm still alive 
just realized how ridiculous the english language can be sometimes  why is laugh spelled with a u and a g??? it's pronounced laff!  playful 
"? well shake it up, baby, now! (shake up baby) twist and shooout! (twist and shout)    ?  smile "
"today was so crazy!!  i had two tests in the morning, one right after the other, had a whopping bag of gummies for lunch  then i    accidentally    almost died out driving today, (you might want to stay off the roads from about 6 surprise 0 to 7 smile 0 pm    haha jk) and i broke a glass just barely   at least i was done with the pudding before i dropped it  smile "
"i apologize to anyone who has been a victim of my shyness and anti-social weirdness   i don't hate you, i promise!  smile "
has a veggie tales song stuck in her head   laugh 
? it's beginning to look a lot like christmas   
is getting her license this month! whooooo!!!!
"wow, it's snowing "
still in my pajamas!!  laugh 
"yes!!! a burger from jcw's!!!!!!!!! and they saved me some fries, too!"
"two words, my friend  cookie  dough   smile "
"is eating ice cream with a fork  thank you, thank you  smile "
lunch at school today    was    awesomme!!!! hahahhaaaa!
i definitely walk my dog more often than the average teenager   
"ladies and gentlemen   prepare yourself for the most epic event of my entire day:  i just ate a peanut-less peanut m&m  yeah, i know! wow!!"
great job to everyone who sang in the choir at ywc!  it sounded amazing 
"somebody tell me why my family is playing christmas music?  fyi to stout family: it's easter, not christmas "
"happy april fool's, everybody   let's hope that the weather won't participate next year "
conference has been so good!!  smile 
"had a wholesome, nutritious breakfast of mint oreos and fudgees  yum!  smile "
has not liked the act hanging over her head all vacation like a dead goose  i don't even get to sleep in tomorrow!!
?akuna matata    what a wonderful phrase!?
"strawberry salad, kiwi biscuits, and fish pie     yum?"
is constantly quoting <propfirst> <propfemale>    the people who haven't heard all of <propfirst>  <propfemale>'s material probably think i am insane  ha ha
"oww, carpet burn!"
i feel bad for my dog   he had the saddest nicknames 
"'it was a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day  i think i'll move to australia '  (;"
"if you only need to wear glasses when you drive, why not just get a prescription windshield? (ha ha)"
seriously? i have this much homework today? why did it have to actually be warm today??? this is torture 
"you are a sad, strange little man, and you have my pity "
okay    i am now getting to get off facebook    and starting my homework like i was supposed to 3 hours ago  ha ha
"it's may-eve, and i'm freezing to death  why? because i live in a state with a bipolar weather system  that's  why "
anyone want a cookie? cuz i've got lots at my house!  laugh  ha ha
"fezzic, are there rocks ahead?"
being sick makes life more miserable than it needs to be 
"guitars are nice, but they hurt your fingers  "
"i'm not deaf, i just don't eavesdrop  see? it's actually a positive thing that you have to shout my name to get me to listen!!  laugh "
can't smell or taste anything! i don't like this illness 
"may 1st was international tuba day, so i hope you all got out your tubas and played them, or showed your deep gratitude and appreciation for all those spectacular tubists out there  (ha ha)"
"i kinda wanted to go to somethin' at the high school today, but sadly, i was stuck home  oh, kill-joy   "
"\look at that guy! he's got that sissy stringy music thing \"""""
i kinda wish i could go back to the time when i thought sloppy-joes were made out of kangaroos  i loved being a little kid  smile 
"<propfirst> of the jungle: he is swift  he is strong  he is sure  he is smart  *smashes into tree* he?\ is unconscious "
i just killed a mosquito with a pencil  man i am good! ha ha jk
sick of hoooomework   playful  too much    it's too much!!!!!!! yuck 
"just saw <propfirst> hood, the cartoon version, for the first time! i can't believe i've never seen it before  total classic  smile  ha ha"
oreos! dipped in melted mint chips!!! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
"i just had a really long nap   it was wonderful, but now i won't be able to go to sleep tonight    again     this is not a good cycle "
"it better not snow on my birthday, or i will just    not be very happy "
i love scones    a lot  smile 
those spiffy spinny-things at discovery park were pretty exciting    until i spun on them too much and got an epic headache  heh heh   ow 
summer is very bad with directions  do not ask her how to get places or you will probably become forever lost  and don't ask her to follow directions either  she can't handle it  her head will e playful lode 
"yaaay, i get to give a talk tomorrowww "
randomness = awesomeness!!! refrigerator
goodbye cruel worlllld!
my little brother's goldfish is huge  holy mackerel   
hot air balloons are awesome  i really want to ride in one someday   
"i want to go to lagoon so bad    it's killin me, man!"
i got an awesome little troll guy  his name is olly  short for olliphius 
thank you everyone who wished me happy birthday!!
a good way to handle embarrassing situations is to pretend that they aren't  embarrassing    and then later pretend they never happened!
i'm just contemplating how awesome it is to smear shaving cream all over a slide and go down it    good times  smile 
"i found thirty-five dollars in my old backpack last night!  smile     and then i lost five dollars after going to walmart    haha  well, thirty dollars gained!  laugh "
girls camp was fun! especially the part where a monkey threw up on me 
"honestly, it's the honest ones you have to watch out for, 'cause you never know when they're about to do something completely    stupid "
"okay, so anyway, yeah    uh, nevermind!"
what? there was a movie at the ballpark and no one invited me? i am an upstanding citizen of lehi! why does no one tell me these things???
some of you may die    but that is a sacrifice i am willing to make 
"you're killing me, smalls "
"i hate: mood swings, cameras pointed at me, being indecisive, embarrassing situations (particularly the ones i idiotically put myself into), being so ridiculously shy"
i wish i had perfect vision   
i love the smell of rain!
"you're mocking me, aren't you?"
"go team, go team go!"
i think i'm going to have more freckles before the summer is over 
"\we'll never survive \"" \""nonsense  you're only saying that because no one ever has \"""""
"slip 'n' slide    an awesome start to my day, i think!"
grateful that i don't get allergies  not so grateful that i get sick over the summer and not the school year 
they really need to invent a pillow that stays cold 
"i would like a smoothie, please "
"i'm so lazy, it's sad "
"\i've had it with you and your emotional   constipation!\"""""
it's raining!  smile 
i hate being attacked by mosquitos 
i think i just saw two shooting stars! real ones   smile 
   why was that ice cream truck playing jingle bells?
"nervous, excited, nervous, excited   ? (not sure how i feel about tomorrow) and i don't feel very prepared--they didn't even give me a locker combo "
man who catch fly with chopstick accomplish anything 
"go my favorite sports team, go! yay! they scored a goal unit   basket! go squadran, do good! beat the opponents   soundly!"
my laugh box is out of control 
*yaaaaawwwwwwn*
captain crunch is very good cereal 
i really hate competition   
why do i keep trying? this is like trying to thread a needle with a sausage    i guess i'm crazy 
"yes, i am an outpatient of alcatraz  be afraid "
i really need to try talking slower  i stumble over my words too much  it's embarrassing  haha
"i really needed that three-hour nap  too bad i didn't exactly have time for it  smile  haha, oops   "
aahh  i needed that chocolate-covered oreo 
"thank you, <propfirst> <propmale> "
just a small town girl    living in a lonely w surprise rld 
cookie dough    i love you!
you know    being shy is a very frustrating thing 
i wish i had a ukulele   
i can't believe i haven't seen toy story 3 yet! how did this happen?!
i am toast 
"if i had a camera with me all the time, i'd be taking tons of pictures of the sky "
yee-haw   smile 
too old for stake dances?    nahh  too old for sleep overs?    no way!!  smile  i feel like i'm still 14   laugh 
is it friday yet?
i just don't know what to be when i grow up  i have no idea! i'm indecisive!!
"ah, poor chipmunk  speachless in my presence   "
"just wishing i could do the job for you, sir  i'd give her a hah! and a hi-yaw! and a hooo-wa! and i kick her, sir   smile "
i am grateful for how warm my house is   heaters are wonderful things 
costco = lunch 
my execution date is set for    tomorrow  it's a pity it had to happen before thanksgiving break 
"<propmale>, don't be a gooey chocolate chip cookie "
layers of mint-chocolate grasshopper pie  it was love at first bite 
and now it's times to gorge on sweets!  laugh     again 
"\we need to know the weight and the girth \"""""
seeing isn't believing; believing is seeing 
my science homework will take me about five hours to finish   a saddening truth 
a very <propfemale> unbirthday to you!
"i'm waiting for my fiance  he's a <propmale>  but alas, he cannot marry me unless he renounces his throne  it's tragic, isn't it?"
"\alright class  you may use the the last five minutes of classtime to share your feelings with each other \"""""
i'll get over my anti-social shyness   someday? maybe tomorrow     smile 
i despise science tests 
you know what makes me happy? walking past houses that have their christmas lights set to music  it's so awesome!  smile 
i'm just beginning to appreciate how fattening sugar cookies really are   it takes a whole package of margerine for one batch     no wonder they're so good!  laugh 
i want a hippopotamus for christmas  only a hippopotamus will do 
a pun is the lowest form of humor    unless you thought of it yourself   smile 
it took me forever to type this because my hands are completely numb   
"the music video for \stuck on you\"" by sugarland is hilarious   smile  bahaha"""
i want to go to the zoo 
my family must be trying to fatten me up to eat me for christmas dinner  there is simply no other e playful lanation for all of this chocolate everwhere  they know i can't resist 
tomorrow is christmas <propfemale>  so that makes today    christmas <propfirst>!  laugh 
inception    wow  most confusing movie i will ever see in my life  but it was awesome!
"maan, i want an xbox kinect!"
"well, back to my homework  my excruciating, hair-pulling, nauseating,  despicable, over-rated homework  oh, just kill me now "
hello  i'm just announcing that it's almost 3 surprise 0 am and i'm still awake   smile  *yaaaawn*
hey! byu is gonna be mentioned in an episode of psych!  laugh  sweetnesss   
"the highlight of my day was hearing <propfirst> schmidt     even though for the rest of the day i had to wear a skirt because i forgot to bring pants to change into  oh well, it was so worth it!  laugh  he's so amazing!!"
"i see where we're going with this    we're bangin' on all cylinders, now!"
"today, a certain hallway smelled like bacon the entire day  it practically killed me "
"so i looked out the window, and everything was orange-pink  what in the world??? i felt like i was in a sepia tone picture!"
"i don't know half of you half as well as i should like, and i like less than half of you half as well as you deserve   smile "
double hate  loath entirely 
   more broccoli?
"just introduced my lil' bro to <propfirst> <propmale>  yup, i feel like i've done my good deed for the day   smile "
isitchristmas com = best website i have ever seen  baha
why    am i on facebook? at twelve in the morning?
shakie shakie shakie   
the indispensable <propmale> and hobbes 
happy sad! (sad=singles' awareness day)  smile 
talent show -- awesomely done  smile 
something with frosting sounds nice    
my mother makes great corned beef and cabbage!    it's magically delicious! (all caps=spoken in <propfemale> accent)  smile 
jimmer'd: to be completely and utterly powned in a game of basketball 
free pancakes    make me very happy   smile 
well    you know    hi and stuff 
"i think the best part was doing the wave as the sweeper guys passed us  (i got a huge kick out of that  haha  seriously, i almost died laughing    cuz i laugh at stuff like that )"
"that was a good 3 hour nap  i just kind of wish it could have taken up the rest of the day, too   a day of hybernation would be nice   smile "
who woulda thought you could start out with a paperclip and end up with a recliner?  smile 
stupid paper 
i need to be more better and less worse 
b-y-u! and twizzlers  awesome day 
"\don't punch      our car \"""""
"tomorrow, i am going to be very blue    byu blue, to be exact   smile "
"well, byu, we had a great season  and jimmer still rules   smile "
i don't understand fishing metaphors!!!
cranberry juice + white t-shirt = awesomeness 
"i used to finish my sentences, but"
a frying pan    is a deadly weapon 
ncaa national championship!!! heck yes 
"whenever we buy a bag of peanut m&ms, i always bite them in half one at a time and find a few that have no peanut in them! there's nothin' but chocolate! and there's always four or five in every bag!  smile  (yeah, i guess i'm easily entertained   )"
"i don't like the fact that i already have my schedule set up for college  it feels so    adult-ish  and frankly, i'm not ready to be an adult just yet "
yup  i threw up at school  it was    fun 
"y'know, i think the cookie dough is better than the actual cookies "
"\that book was accidentally destroyed maliciously \"""""
<propmale> crackers + frosting = heaven  smile 
cough drops are disgusting 
huge killer <propfemale> nest in my yard! aah!!!
"i am not a stalker!    oh, by the way, you're out of milk and eggs "
"well, my computer works now      and that's all i have to say  yup "
why is lemon juice made with artificial flavor and dishwashing liquid made with real lemons?
"chocolate heals my stress  thank you, chocolate "
"i am finally out of flex time  finally!! i don't have to starve for an extra twenty minutes while everyone else goes to eat!!!  laugh  man, i thought it would never end   "
"my cat loves spaghetti and ice cream  my dog loves socks  (no, he doesn't just chew on them--he actually eats people's sweaty socks )"
began eating her cereal with a fork    then suddenly realized what a stupid idea that was 
uh    was the world scheduled to end today or something? i thought that was next year!
i had a dream    once   
"fundamentals! *clap clap, clapclapclap*"
i am a despicable human being   
grad night was fun! i love comedy sports   smile 
?    i'm not inclined to resign to maturity    ?
i am terrible at opening envelopes 
"an apple a day keeps anyone away, if thrown hard enough   smile "
the highlight of my childhood was talking into fans to hear my robot voice 
"\normal\"" is just a setting on a washing machine """
"it's a big, blue-ish green man    with a strange looking goatee    i'm guessing that's significant  *hugs statue*"
"\you see this contact lense flint lockwood? this contact lense represents you  and my eye represents my eye  i've got my eye  on  yoou \"""""
"? but i would walk five hundred <propmale>, and i would walk five hundred more    ?"
"my life has recently taken a dramatic leap from \undemanding\"" to \""overwhelming \"" it's insane!   and strangely fun   smile """
i really hate it when my car stalls at stoplights  and i'm quite certain that the people who get stuck behind me hate it even more   
after several hours of extreme confuzzlement   i have finally deciphered the bus schedule! success 
