a9a11433baddeb6145900152ec92e791
bullshit  
i'd kill a bitch
went to go watch that new resident evil movie  shit was badass
happy 8th months baby! i love you!
fuck with my man and imma draw like picaso <propmale> 
fuck!
makin some banana pancakes! haha!!
"ill be dreamin of you 2night, till 2morrow, and for all of my life love "
fuuuck!!! its like 101 fuckn degrees!!
i think the devil farted on my face   
"so theres this dude, imma fuck his shit up!"
"at <propfirst>, visiting  haha!"
"if i were god, i'de kill him and get away with it   "
"&& i say \fuck the world with a big long dick\"""""
you down with o p p????
"just like you, i get lonely too   "
"yesterday lookd just like you, strange things my imagination might do, take a breath, reflect on what we been thru, or am i just goin crzy cuz i miss you   "
i pray the lord my soul to take   
if i were god people would worship me  hahahaha!!!!
i want my baby back 
i dont bust back bcuz i shoot first  
"guns turn u guys into pussys, sex change!!"
finally got a job  first day this friday  cant wait!
what to be for halloween??
if you aint runnin wit it run from it modafukka!!!!
"keep my swaggr, keep it lookn good for ya, keepin lookn hood for ya, baby if u dont kno, i got ur back!"
"nobody gon'luv me bettr, i must stickwitu 4evr, nobdy gon'take me higher, i must stickwitu, u kno how to appreciate me, i must stickwitu my baby   "
lost boys! bomb movie
lbc hoes went trick-or-treating for that easy money   
how many times you gotta prove u an angel? how many more demons do you have to strangle? how much longer must you remain in this dream before i finally figure out if you insane or a genius? love life   
if i could i would keep this feeling in a plastic jar  bust it out whenever someones acting hard 
love is friendship set to music   
"before i love u even more, let me say that ur the love of my life "
"\confidence is a stain they cant wipe off\"" -lil <propmale>"""
"you see right thru me, how do u do that shit babe??"
there is a hell believe i've seen it  theres a heaven  let's keep it a secret   
"and if u get dolled up, i got them voodoos for you bitches"
hes the kinda guy i was lookn fo' and yes you'll get slapped if u lookn hoe!
santy claus came thru! he brought me the bombest gift ever! you kno who im talkn bout babe! iloveyou!
"im sorry if i cant be rude to other niggas, but vic i promise next time ill give them the middle finggah  dont get confused  its not like i cheated, that short lil witch will never be repeated  one things fersure vic i love you so much, wouldnt want to lose your touch to some slutty mutt  hope you like this rhyme of mine its only for you, just kno that ill always love, care, and be here for you "
"thanks to the people that wished me a happy bday  it totally suckd  but fuck it!!\i was with thee best boyfriend in this twisted planet  he is all i wanted for my birthday + x-mas!!"
"you so full of shit, you should close your mouth n let your ass talk "
"you talk alot if shit, you should close ur mouth n let ur ass talk!"
"when feelin lips like yours and looking into eyes like yours, shit, i might as well face it cuz its true\yes, i've fallen in love with you  when you embraced me last night, lord knows it was pure delight  don't you go, please stay nd never try to send me away love kv"
"i think im lowkey engaged     \and im more than happy   hahahaha!!!!!kv love "
on a diet but im doing donuts on a 6 speed! haha!
im in love n crazy bout you  but what do diplomas n good schools mean if ur not by my side?
klg love vlg even our initials somewhat match 
he knows how to satisfy my hunger   wink 
i dont wanna be here anymore 
something bads gonna happen    i can feel it
im fucked up  maybe i am like the rest 
keep my hopes up high n my head down low   im not takin a blow   gotta keep the flow   xactly why i didnt end things   damn boobooshh u are such a blessing  maybe this one made sense 
i think my world just ended   
my angel baby love 
"im a lover, not a fighter, but i'll fight for what i love love "
"all the other kids wit the pumped up kicks better run better run, out run my gun  all the other kids wit the pumped up kicks better run better run, out run my bullet love "
babe! stop pokin me! you n i both kno it leads to something else!!!  love 
the best day ever! i missed my boobooshh like crazy! im so greatful i got the <propmale> to see him n have him in my arms again  i love you babe! cant wait till valentines day!  love 
i gotta act like a woman n think like a man   
"imma piss on ur face, then imma fartt in ur mouth, yea, then imma shit on ur balls bitch!!"
"dear god, i need a rebirth  i dont kno who i am no more   amen "
"we speak in different voices when fighting with the ones we love  we speak in different voices, why cant we say what we're thinking of?"
all these bitches is my sons   if i had a <propmale> i would pull it out n piss on em  ahaha!!!!!
i just had the bombest day before valentines today! i got to see mah babe! the man look hott like always  hahaha! super fukn xcited for tomorrow!
"by far, thee most romantic n fun valentines day evveerr!!! thanx baby! i love you!"
i want a siberian husky    sad 
i just saw rihanna in person and the bitch was late but gorgeous!
so my dad n i were cleanin the garage n we found a hawaiian newspaper from 1944  talks bout world war 2  
i just made my babys week while watchn the longest yard  love 
babe! stop being so damn sweet to me! imma get diabetes!  love 
hopefully today goes well      annoyed \
my sister was bikridin n she swallowed moquitos 
i need a therapy session
i slapped my sister with a tortilla
finally got wifi in my house 
breakfast club haha!
the sandlot  laugh  
stupid ass whores these muthafuckn days dude 
<propmale> edd n eddy love 
i love <propfirst> gallo  i told him ill admit it  i hope one day we get married just to say we fuckn did it! ahaha!
sick ass day with my boobooshh! haha! thanx babe! iloveyou!
"awesome day with my babe  haha! i cooked for him too  ahahaha!!! i hope he liked it  ily <propfirst>! n now, off to church -__-   "
awesome day with my babe   so awesome that i even ended up losing my fuckn wallet   sad 
i miss you     crying 
im lost without you  cant help myself  how does it feel to kno that i love you babe?
just got my sister a bomb manuapua  or however u spell it   laugh 
u kno how in fairytales the <propmale> comes in a horse   well my <propmale> came in a skateboard  love 
theres nothin i wont do than spend my life with you love 
my babes so high on life he makes angels fall  laugh 
watchn blink 182 all the small things video   throwback!
i thought the new boyz were all bout jerkin n shit   these niggas are fake  how u gonna go from jerkin music to fuckn techno beats?!
i never thought the mess we made would be so beautiful  ilybabe love 
chill day with the nigga lexi  caught up on life n shit  felt like we havnt seen eachother in years  haha! legit!
"shut ur mouth, how can u say i do bad things the wrong way? i am human n i need to be loved just like everybody else does  -the smiths"
idk what the fuck to do    what would a bored pissed off person do?
i really need me a new video game -__-
bout to go shoppin for lil bros bday present   thinkn of gettn him a yo gabba gabba toy  ahaha!!! lil queer!
"just got done cleanin the entire front yard, back yard, n house interior   now what?"
"babe, will u marry me everyday?  smile "
"boy ur an alien  ur touch is farout, its super natural  extetirestrial love "
"the funny thing is, i fell hard for him n it didnt even hurt love "
omg  im tearin up cuz i told my babe why i wanna be with him for the rest of my life :'d
i hate these diet commercials   they so fake  its like bitch stfu  u kno u sukn it in  fat bitch  -__-
im attracted to him like angels are attracted to their halos  love  ily babe  love 
fuuuck dude 
why get his name tattooed on my arm when its already tattooed in my heart  love 
wooooow    
 sad 
how come it feels like something bads gonna happen?
one minue man-missy <propmale> haha!
and ill wake u up in the middle of the night just to say i will never walk away  
"im never his last resort, im always his first priority  thats real love ya fucks!"
"as of today, i feel numb   annoyed "
"to whoever is bitchn bout the weather, stfu drink cold drinks, go shower, or simply just deal wit the fact that its hot "
"\you mechanized cockblock!\"" lmao!"""
boy i think about u every night n day  im addicted; wanna jam inside ur love  i wouldnt wanna have it anyother way  im addicted n i just cant get enough 
ill ask 21 questions n they all bout us  laugh 
hopefully today goes well     
does anyone kno of a place thats hiring?  or can hook me up with a damn job? needy person up in here 
"if ur not supposed to eat playdough, then why the fuck they make it look so good in those icecream commercials? -_____-"
