12e46b02023c7dc890f3d514531ed543
relaxing after a hectic week!
happy new year!! cheers to a much better 2011!
movies with <propfemale> tonight! getting some much needed r&r    laugh 
<propmale>'s 4th bday today!  smile  <propmale> e cheese tomorrow!!!
<propmale>'s birthday party at 2 today! but of course it has to storm again  sad 
happy birthday dad! have a great day off work!!
outta school! hmm got more homework today   im starting to notice a trend in all my classes   give as much homework as possible  sad 
"wow made it a whole year!! happy anniversary sweety  smile \@};—"
happy 4th everyone!
"if u have a wonderful man, who works hard to take care of u, would do anythingfor u, who makes u laugh, is your best friend, who wants to grow old with u, will always pick u up when you're down, who is your worldand someone that you're thankful for, then post this to your status ?"
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in my head, spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night! you make me dance like a fool, forget how to breathe, shine like gold, buzz like a <propfemale>, just the thought of you can drive me wild! oh, you make me smile!  smile "
"i wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of u today, but that is nothing new  i thought about u yesterday, and days before that too  i think of u in silence, i often speak your name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  your memory is a   keepsake, from which i'll never   part  god has u in his arms   i have u in my ? ~ re-post if u love someone in heaven!"
"if you have a mom who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, seen you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong    remember mom's are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever!!!!! i love my mom!! put this on your status if you love and appreciate your mom    mommy u r my #1 supporter in life u have made being me possible!!!!  love "
been a long day   time to relax and watch inspector gadget with <propmale>  smile 
on our way to indy today   roadtrip! going to see my aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propfirst> with the family and my dad  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! i had a great day  laugh 
"went to open house at <propfemale>'s preschool today  she is so ready to go, she played alot and didn't want to leave  laugh "
tgif!! 2 week break from school! glad for the break except i have to clean out my front closet  sad  its a total mess 
girly movie night with <propfemale>! can't wait  love 
"without god our week would be: sinday, mournday, tearsday, wasteday, thirstday, fightday, shatterday "
well first day of preschool was a success    except for when i dropped <propfemale> off and she did not want to let me go  sad  broke my  love   unfortunantly i couldn't even get any pics so i will try again on thursday!
thinking about having a discovery toy party at my house sometime  would anybody be interested in seeing what they have?? i guess we even get to play with the toys!! lol let me know so i can see if i even want to have it  (also let me know if you have seen their stuff before and if you like it thanks)
sooo bored in math class  sad 
"long day today  but then my \weekend\"" begins!  laugh """
"been a great week so far! <propfemale> rode the bus for the first time today, was scared at first but loved it when she came home  laugh  i got 2 awards at school (perfect attendance & high honors 4 0) then going to bremen bounce on saturday! cant wait  love "
<propfemale>
 love  beautiful nites!
i like it on the counter best  wink 
had a great time w  great friends last nite  laugh 
monday already?! wow weekend flew by    math class tonight ughh 
got some much needed r&r today! you have to love all the movies on netflix  laugh 
tgif!! it has been a super long and hard week  ready for some much needed relaxation with the kids  smile 
hangin with my bestie!! prolly be dorks and watch law and order all night  laugh 
"and in the end, it's not the years in your life that count  it's the life in your years \~abraham <propmale>"
"can't wait for tomorrow not only is it friday, but im going out with my girls!! this should be interesting lol!"
on a date with my girl mandee at roadhouse lmao!
ahh got sum much needed sleep 
"dear brain,                                      why must you always stay up so late  especially when i have to get up early and had a super long day today? grrr"
one class down   one super boring class to go  playful 
so cold   i just wana curl up under a blanket and have movie night   but have to run run run 
tornado siren in goshen? wth!
"run here clean this, run there clean that   will the madness ever end? whew on the bright side of it all i've finaly lost those last couple pounds lol!"
ahh life is great  laugh 
to avoid situations in which you might make mistakes may be the biggest mistake of all 
la de la de dahhh   just happy today for no special reason at all  laugh  gota  love  these days
"you know, sum1 actually complimented my driving today  i came out to my car and found a paper on the windshield that said parking fine "
"its snowing!! its so beautiful, i cant wait for more! wow this friday just couldnt get any better  laugh "
holy crap! mishawaka is getting tons of snow! guess the day could get better lol 
bring on the fun times and people!!
"life is a big blank book, we choose the story that enters it!"
"wow, amazing weather today! perfect day to rake leaves   if only i had a rake lol"
"   if its cold outside, show the world the warmth of your smile    name that tune anyone?  laugh "
nap time  smile 
ok who was it that sold their soul to the devil for this heat wave in november?? so not cool  it should be snowing!
had a blast last night!  smile 
great day today! very productive  love 
crappy day today  sad  too many classes and not enough play     make my smile go away 
"the average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think!  laugh "
"had a blast this weekend, thanks to all my great friends!  laugh "
happy turkey day everyone!!!
i  love  lazy movie days!
"\well somethings gotta go wrong 'cause i'm feelin' way too damn good!\"" ~nickelback  laugh """
there should be a better way to start the day than waking up every morning 
"wow, where has my break from classes went? this week is just flying   "
"oh what to do, what to do? too many choices not enough time lol!  laugh "
"weekends are wayyyy to short, especially when you have a full day of classes on monday  sad "
"nothing like a long drive home after a super long day   not! but at least we made it home safe, we saw lots of accidents and slide offs tonight  be safe every1 "
"some believe in <propfemale>, and some believe in faith  well i believe that happiness is something we create!! ~sugarland  love   laugh "
"#909~ where do i begin?? you are an extremely well rounded person! you havn't been in my life for long but already i consider you one of my best buds! i can have an intelligent conversation with you one minute, and playing darts for \shots\"" the next! (which i so kicked your butt  laugh ) i hope we get a lotttt more time to spend together", even though you don't like the white fluffy stuff lol!\12e46b02023c7dc890f3d514531ed543,"#69~ i cannot believe we have known each other since i was   what? 15 i think!(working at dq lol) you have always been a solid friend, i can count on you for anything! everytime we <propfemale> out i know its going to be a blast, cuz you can make anything fun lol! like a tow strap, truck, and a mailbox lmao!! there are too many memories to mention that i will remember for the rest of my life  laugh "
"#1~ your number is correct! you have and always will be my number one girly  smile  oh my, we have had such a great 10 year friendship! we have been down, but definitely have had our ups! you are always there for me no matter what, and i can tell you anything and everything! i'm so glad we have this <propmale> to get really close again  laugh  i  love  you sis!!! btw we totally have to start planning our 10 year anniversary hahaha"
"#6694~ omg   you are amazing! i havn't known you that long but you will be my friend forever!! we connected instantly, and have been \tearing up the town\"" together ever since!! i look forward to our every other weekend adventures  laugh  we definitely need to get back on our thursday pong routine lol! i  love  you girl!!"""
"<propfemale> is eating, and eating, and eating baby food  lol i think she is trying to make up for lost time!!  laugh  my baby girl is getting so big  love "
i  love  being in the christmas spirit!!  laugh 
"oh my, is it a bad thing that shopping can brighten my whole day??"
"its official, tonsillitis it is  ouch   plz just kill me now  sad "
feeling much better today!! still have my sore throat but after two days of sleeping   i finally have my energy back  laugh 
i'm going to club b e d  feat dj blanky and mc pillow   nighty night all
why do things have to be so difficult??? wish i could just snap my fingers and make everything perfect  sad 
    is putting the pro into procrastination!
    is e playful eriencing life at a rate of several wtf's a minute 
if life throws you lemons    bring out the <propfemale>!!! hahaha
<propfemale> christmas everyone! have a safe and happy holiday  smile 
"is too positive to be doubtful, too optimistic to be fearful & too determined to be defeated!"
"in 1910 i bet people thought that in 2010 we would have flying cars and robots  but no, the biggest fads were shaped rubber-bands and backwards robes   laugh "
i  love  being right   just sayin'!  laugh 
"\   your cooler than the flip side of my pillow!\"""""
not sure what to do first   polish the angel halo or buff out the devil horn   well i think i'll do both! tgif!!!
yippee!! snowed in  laugh 
\all you need to know about men and women: women are crazy," men are stupid  and the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid\""  ~george carlin \"12e46b02023c7dc890f3d514531ed543,sooo bored in math class  i swear we learned this stuff in elementary school ugghhh
"why do people ask \what the hell were you thinking?\"" obviously i was thinking i was going to get away with it and not have to e playful lain it  o smile  haha"""
can't wait till its nap time   
"   is going to a place where im skinny, <propmale>, and have a hot man who does only what i say bahah  gotta  love  dreamland, night all!"
tgif!!!
had a blast last night! now i can't wait for tonight  laugh 
 love 'd my bff's bday party!!!
ugghh! being sick really sucks  sad 
how come doctors and scientists can't cure the common cold or flu but lysol can kill 99% of the germs that cause them? hmmm
definitely   tequila!!!  smile 
"regrets, i've had plenty  memories, i've had millions  smiles, i've had trillions, but having you all as my friends has been the best thing in my life!!! i  love  love  love  you allllllll  laugh "
wow today totally sucked  my car is totaled   but at least everyone is fine 
"it isn't how high you climb, nor how far you go   the true measure of a person is how high you bounce after you fall, and whether or not you land on your feet   laugh "
"thinks there should be five days of \weekend\"" and two days of \""week\"" """
monday   need i say more??
"in the end    what we regret most, are the chances we never took!!"
"i don't have to be me till monday! thursday, friday, saturday, sundayyyy    i'm gonna escape reality  love "
omg   now somebody just hit my rental tonight  they say things come in 3's but they better be wrong  ironicly it was exactly a week after my last crash 
"wow, life is definitely a rollercoaster! have i mentioned, i love rollercoasters?!   smile "
"im getting stir crazy already   just knowing i can't leave the house, makes me want to lol "
"i was taking <propmale> and <propfemale> to their dad's house and out of nowhere <propmale> says \chicken nuggets are only a $1? holy cow i thought they were $2!\"" lol"""
this week flew by! guess time flies when your having fun  laugh 
they are going to fix my car!! allstate is the best  smile 
"holy cow, <propfemale> just ate a whole bowl of dry cereal!! that's the first time she has ever ate solid food  laugh "
it's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice  but once you make 1 mistake it's never forgotten!
"if winning isn’t everything why do they keep score?\    lets goooooo steelers!!!"
finally!!!  keep it up  smile 
should have just left fergie's mic off     
"come on steelers! it's bad enough you let them intercept the ball, over and over again, but do you really have to let them score too???"
"ughhhh, really? steelers gave that game away   "
"dear mind,\for once, i just want to be able to go bed at a normal time! is that too much to ask?? obviously it is     because im still up   sad "
needs more sleep
live with the moment! laugh with your friends! love what you've got and remember what you've learned along the way 
today is a new day  time for great new things  time for the past to be the past  time for the future to take place!
i would like the opportunity to prove that winning the lottery would not ruin my life!  smile )
"busy, busy, busy     now its time for a little fun! then work early in the morning "
is feeling kinda supercalifragilistice playful ialidocious today!  smile 
i had a blast last night!  laugh 
work in the a m     ughhhh i hate mondays
 love  happy valentines day!!  love 
wth?! i went to bed at 5 pm lol 
if i stand on my tiptoes i think i can actually see the weekend!!
woah    friday can not be here soon enough  can't wait!!
nothing better than snugglin with my kiddos in our pj's! especially when i know i don't have to get up early for work tomorrow  smile ))
2nd place ain't so bad at the euchre party! now time for some zzz's before the kids come home tomorrow  smile 
movie day!!!
"if you don't like me, that's ok\i ain't gonna let it wreck my day\i keep stylin', smilin', handin' out the sunshine!  love "
"brrrrrr! it is so cold at my job today, im still trying to find my frozen hands  sad "
mhmm chili's is the best!!
work flew by!! now tonight should be fun  smile ))
tgif!!!
"whoever said \the freaks come out at night\"" has obviously never seen walmart during the day """
its monday and im surprisingly wide awake! today is gonna be a good day  smile 
the best things in life are free  love 
poor <propfemale> is running a fever today  sad   i hope she feels better soon 
so <propfemale> has pneumonia  sad   poor girl has to stay at the hospital tonight 
well <propfemale> and me are on our second night at the hospital  i hope she starts feeling better soon!
going home today! soooo happy my little girl is feeling better    i even got a couple smiles today  smile 
"so happy, with everything!  laugh "
"wow, what a weekend! hope there are more like this to come  smile "
one word to describe it all: amazing!!!
"<propfemale> is not always bad! im glad that all my nice deeds are finally paying off, and im getting the great things i deserve!!"
bowling  laugh 
a night with my bff is just what i needed!
"knows that things may never be the same, but maybe one day they'll be even better!"
happy!  smile 
the sun is shinin' and im smilin'!
"this time change is really messing up my sleeping pattern  oh well, time for some good sleep tonight!"
"got past monday, now bring on tuesday!"
had a great day today! got some good sleep last night and was in a silly mood all day  laugh   it feels good to have days like that again!
oh sunshine how i've missed you so! glad to have you back  smile 
"why does it feel so right, yet its so complicated?!? guess nothing with big rewards comes easily "
"its so nice out, i wanna go swimming    now if i only had a pool haha!"
i sure hope my <propmale> charming is nice and strong    cuz he has a lot of walls to knock down    and some more just went up 
friday!!! where the heck have you been??
"great day today! shopping, grandpas 80th bday party, grilled food, and movie night!  doesn't get much better than that  laugh "
"you will be amazed,when you find strength,at your weakest moment!  laugh "
movies with <propfemale> and the kiddos!!
"monday, and im awake and on time! i would say that's an achievement  laugh "
three hours of sleep is definitely not enough   
i wake up and the first thought in my mind is you  laugh     that is if i actually get 2 sleep and did not stay up all night wishing you were here 
9 hours of sleep? yes please!! i feel like a brand new person  laugh 
cant wait for tomorrow!!! make up my mind once and for all  smile 
yummm! hacienda  laugh 
oh my my my
ughh drama is meaningless   
the sun is deceiving today brrr
gotta  love  targets $1 bins! i got the kids some cute surprises  laugh  can't wait to see them!
   is going mia from facebook until further notice
payday friday!!! now i remember why i go to work  smile 
off to the circus today!!
*my time to shine*
there is something so refreshing about a newly cleaned home!
the movies megamind and switch are great!  laugh 
"do what makes you happy, be with the ones who make you smile  smile  laugh as much as you breathe & love as long as you live!"
"today i just feel thankful for everything, the good and bad!"
"so excited for tonight and this weekend! i know, i know its only wednesday and already im talking about the weekend lol!"
