36799f3a214d33315203cd517f774fd6
i'm not sure what this is for but i'm sure i'll find out 
good nite  i'm tired
goin campin
can't get into speech class
is plugging away at research and on facebook at the same time!!!
can't wait to get out of class tomorow
i have to go inside    or else i will be locked out in the cold weather for the rest of the night morning  i might have to sleep with my dog  wait! that scruffy-looking nerf herder gets to sleep inside!
gets internet in his room!!! i don't have to go outside
   and tomorrow is the deadline   
anyone seen <propmale> python and the holy grail???
stress reduction kit: bang head here
inglorious bastards comes out tomorrow
r i p  black sony headphones    you certainly served your purpose   too bad you're made out of plastic!!
the happiest states:1  louisiana2  hawaii3  florida4  tennessee5  arizona6  mississippi7  montana8  south carolina9  alabama10  maine
<propfemale> christmas to all! and happy holidays to those who are offended and happy ka-boom for bin laden!!!
i believe in aliens    i am the alien!!!
vikings shall crush the cowboys!!!
is chronicling the occurrences of headaches  not a good start of the year as far as headache occurrences go
everyone watch the most insane world of warcraft freakout ever on youtube
"highly recommends the imaginarium of dr  parnassus  it's <propmale> ledger's final film and yes, it's currently in theaters"
played the movie game with the family  i lost!!
"i have the best momma in the whole, wide world, and i am so lucky she's my mom  i love you, momma!"
my girlfriend loves my mom too!
"i have the best girlfriend in the whole, wide world, and i am so lucky she's my girlfriend  i love you <propfemale>!"
i drink your milkshake    i drink it up!!!
oh! the humanity!
favre will be back
don't mess with me
has anyone heard of blood into wine?
the wolfman was good    <propfemale> in wonderland will be a lot better
going to play b-ball
somebody stop me @ wii sports!
almost everytime the jazz blow it on nat'l television
is ready for an adventure
"one week ago, the jazz were unanimously voted by each state to place 2nd in the playoff race of the western conference, but they blow it and place 5th! no home court advantage, whatsoever  another blown basketball game!"
no more memo  sad 
"one, two, even three slices of pizza is much too small, when this monster wants his pizza get out of his way because it will be all gone"
beat l a 
shrek 4 or ironman 2?
in utah's fans and ak-47 we trust
lets go utah jazz!!
"people who believe that: \impossible is nothing\"" are flat out wrong! you cannot strike a table and not strike a table at the same time  some things really are impossible"""
ok so an estimated 28 million people will be hitting the road this weekend including obama  wow they must be cool then 
everyone is going to have fun
having a great day
someone name one person who has a cooler voice than <propfirst> <propmale>
how bout a big <propmale>?
and so the champ sits out    bwahahahaha!
how to have fun for dummies
it's early  does anyone wanna tell me a story?
"anyone ever wonder how often british people go to the bathroom? after all, most of them do drink more tea than the typical american  am i out of my mind?"
"excuse me, your balls are showing  bubble <propfemale> tuna!"
wants to go on an adventure yesterday!
first run coming off my ankle injury
sewed his pants so he could do a nasty dance
"why don't we call land lords, lords like they used to be?"
wish my ankle could actually heal like a normal person
ugh   
beware of mcdonald's sweet tea
the best things in life may be free but living with the best things are not
i want to get away! i want to fly away!
oh ya i'm having the best summer every ohhh yeah!!!!!!!
quench gum makes you full
"could really use some kool-aid! hook me up, brutha"
82 degrees at 1 am  it's even hotter in my room
click the like button if you are an american without health insurance
anyone wanna play basketball?
what is the best part about living in stockton or the san <propmale> valley?
is one of the few who isn't watching the world cup
super bowl: pats vs  giants    2008 some guys just won't let go of the game
doesnt arizon make the best sweet tea?
everyone keeps asking me what im gonna do on the fourth of july  let's all watch me reach inside my bag of tricks
everyday is exactly the same
why doesn't mcdonald's have sweet tea next to the fountain drinks?
no more boozer!
where are the jazz going to be without boozer or <propfirst> korver?
who's going to the tool concert?
would like to learn how to play the bass guitar  anyone wanna help?
would like to learn how to play the bass guitar  anyone wanna help? i'd be so grateful
is it me or is everyone getting married this summer?
"we got ourselves <propmale> <propmale>, harrington, and raja <propfemale>! booooing!"
i wonder why i don't play basketball no more?
don't eat too many good 'n plenty or else   
"let's all have a facebook birthday party with kellen  too bad we're not all cool enough to go to his land of virgins, so lets party it up here  i'm inviting myself! to be invited you must share your favorite moments with kellen haha"
haha my sis is outside my window and it's late talkin to someone 
i took a shower outside today and everyone in my house privatizes shampoo  you gotta pay to use shampoo around here 
going to boomers tomorrow in <propmale>  anyone wanna come ur invited
i actually saw another person running today and it's nice to know that some people recognize me
utter nothingness
there's a hole in the earth
bball at colonial heights right now
my eyes are so itchy i could tear them out  im straining to resist them
ugh sugar is bad for you
"the average person will make out for 20,ooo minutes in his her lifetime  this equates to approx  13 8 days!"
my favorite filter shirt went to the garbage
<propfemale> is tired from driving for so long today   but i'm glad she made it
basketball at colonial heights around 6 smile 0 today
i hate our sprinkler system in our yard  it turns on every morning at 5  also it's highly inefficient as it seems to not work well and the work it took to put it in is still evident after four months  it is still tore up   
i'll keep digging til i feel something!
im on an air head craze
does anyone want to play with me?
does anyone want to play with me or my girlfriend?
"one great big festering neon distraction, i have a suggestion to keep you all occupied"
my eyes havent been so red before and i cant sleep
hshsocfeixfrejueutla!!!!
someone tell me why you shouldnt drop the soap
my girlfriend says i have a <propmale> jackman stomach  i assume that's a compliment
oh! how i miss night class
"clever got me this far, then tricky got me in  i am what i'm after i don't need another friend "
people who work should be grateful even though they're tired 
i can't sleep  someone want to tell me a bedtime story?
the only good laker is a salt-laker
show me something interesting
subway 24 hrs a day? c'mon
i don't like my new room
"more than cracked up, you should have backed up for those who act up need to be more than smacked up"
sick puppies vs  skinny puppy
my room is a mess and it's hot 
hungry and exasperated 
i miss <propfemale>
i really miss <propfemale>
so i had to ride home with my pants falling off  zipper and button broke  i feel bad for everyone who wanted to see me lose luggage
<propfemale> whitman vs  the other guy
a headache a day still keeps the doctor away
primus concert in sacramento tomorrow
i'm jealous of anyone seeing primus! it turns out i'm not going
anyone want to do something?
i debate the question: will life pass me by?
i really miss <propfemale>
is hungry
"what is your favorite \road\"" movie?"""
"the movie \crank\"" kicks a$$"""
does dr  <propmale> even a doctor?
my ears are crackle lakin
every friend on facebook is excited about the giants
i cant sleep
"say what you need to say, <propfirst> mayer"
i'm a jealous guy
10 10 10
my room smells like booty
worksheet complete  time to sleep
6-0 jazz in preseason  1st time in history
i hate campaign ads
do red heads know what's good?
it's sittin by the overcoat; the second shelf the note she wrote that i can't bring myself to throw away
"the san <propfirst> giants can make it to the world series, therefore the utah jazz can make it to the nba finals next year  pure logic!"
 surprise 
<propfemale> fox can suck it for all i care
been looking forward to sunday night football all day! why cant i watch it!
"i know everyone hates bandwagon fans, but there's no use getting upset and yelling at them  instead, basque in your own world and enjoy the times "
i miss playing basketball
nothing
what is more important: the san francicsco parade or the election?
kings or lakers? pick your poison
"i love you, <propfirst> favre"
"\when it rains it pours\"" way to to go utah  the comeback kings  beat those heat"""
bibbity bobbity avada kedavra
kings are going down tonight
fear is the ultimate mind-killing weapon 
when will facebook get an unlike button?
too many puppies
how do you say owned in russian?
bored
do flea markets sell fleas or are they supposing their customers are insects?
the world of zombies
i miss pumpkin pie already
jazz vs  mavs tomorrow oooraw
i wouldn't wanna mess with <propmale> chandler
i might need tubes in my ears again 
"will these dreams still follow me when the dark comes, curing time   ?"
i'm so hungry i can't sleep
aint even midnite
<propfirst> was a racecar driver 22 yrs old  drank too many beers one night wrapped himself round a telephone pole
my old ihome i got over four years ago charges my new ipod classic but not my 2+ year old nano  annoyed 
what happens if you stick an s in front of laughter?
<propfirst> statham on regis and <propfirst>? tomorrow?
the lunatic is on the grass
what do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey?
does anybody have an old pantech c530 charger?
lay your head down child  i won't let the boogeyman come 
does not watching the super bowl make you un-american?
don't leave <propfirst> sloan  not yet
<propfirst> cuban looks like <propmale> phoenix in gladiator the way he watches the games
<propfirst> washington would role over in his grave if he saw sac state students going to class on president's day  look out for the zombie washington
what's happening?
there is noooooooooooo such thing as a weaker sex
<propfirst> boozer pulled an elbow move  reminds of <propfirst> malone
does anybody know someone who is interesting and is completely one-of-a-kind?
"if apple macintosh ever becomes like the <propmale> empire, i'll defend it"
my cable is out
"we might casually joke about being slaves to a machine, but one day we will actually quite literally become slaves to our possessions in the face of a machine -built world"
can the lakers 3-peat? will the celtics take it back? will d <propmale> and lebron score a title? will the bulls streak push them to the top? will an 8th seed team pull the stops on the spurs? find out in the 2011 nba playoffs on tnt!
thank you all for the birthday wishes  each and every one of them is greatly appreciated and i am thankful for all you guys individually 
is anyone awake i can't sleep
so i wake up thinking that spring break isn't over  realizing that i was wrong! wow three classes missed  one more to go
i can't sleep even though i need it
"i can't sleep\again"
