2e18e9396496560d800f185e1d68d16d
loves her stake more than anything   smile 
thinks having to stay up this late on a summer night to study for a huge history test should be illegal 
just re-realized how much she misses dumbledore   stupid snape  
loves her adventure crew!
"is extremely excited that summer semester is almost over! just keep swimming, just keep swimming   "
"just took her last final! phew  summer, here i come!  smile "
loves education week!
just finished performing an indonesian dance for indonesian independence day!    and loves indonesian food   smile 
is doing everything she can possibly think of to avoid studying 
is going to have a very productive day 
hooray for conference!  smile 
loves little warm fuzzies   smile 
what's on your mind??
loved <propmale> miserables! great job all cast & pit members   smile 
loves halloween!  smile  <propfemale>  haunted houses  parties  costumes  could it get any better?
is thinking about thinking about thinking 
's phone got stolen   sad  and she would appreciate it very much if someone would return it 
just spent her entire sunday reading  who just does that??
"congrats warriors! we reached our <propfemale> week goal of 40 smiles ($10,000) for operation smile!  smile  horray!!"
just got home from working a 14 hour shift   and is waking up in 2 hours   the things i do   
just donated blood for the first time!  smile 
"loves this crazy, tragic, sometimes almost magic, awful, beautiful life "
is not a fan of applying for college and scholarships 
loves her job   smile 
loves sundays   smile 
families can be together forever  i love you <propfirst>   love 
is off to suu for the weekend!  smile 
loves you   smile  happy valentines day!!
has tickets to see legally blonde the musical!!  so stoked   smile 
loves her sisters to death   smile 
"march madness, here i come!!"
absolutely loves her job   and is super excited to be a nurse one day    smile 
is lovin' life   smile 
has some <propmale> march madness catching up to do   anyone up for a reading party?  smile 
can't believe it's the last term of senior year  ahh!!  smile 
"thinks \how to train your dragon\"" is the cutest movie ever!! loved it """
" love  choir tour: a long journey involving 15 hour bus rides, screaming at the top of one's lungs, eating a clearly unhealthy amount of <propfemale>, hanging out at the happiest place on earth, trophies galore, laughing uncontrollably, taking way too many pictures, cheering for attractive knights, singing one's heart out, countless memories the will last a lifetime, and being with the best people on this planet "
just got through doing her taxes all by herself! mostly    smile 
"is excited for spontaneous!!  wed  april 28 @ ths commons, 6-9pm!  $10 per couple   theme is byu vs  utah, so deck yourself out in blue or red!!  smile   see you there!"
gets to talk to her sister tomorrow for the first time in forever   so stoked   smile   i love my missionary!!
is an official seminary graduate   smile 
thanks so much for the all the birthday wishes everyone!!  i feel so loved   smile 
"hahahaha! everyone should scroll to the bottom \of this <propfemale> and click on the blue \english\"" and change your launguage \",2e18e9396496560d800f185e1d6 laugh 16d,"umm   does anyone else's graduation gown only go to your knees?  i'm short, but not that short!  ha ha    playful "
"is now an alumna of taylorsville high school!  once a warrior, always a\ warrior   smile "
"just got back \from an awesome biking adventure with my fellow frog patrols!  smile   \awhh, how i love summer  ?"
edbassmaster is my hero 
"loves sundays, loves her family, and loves the fact that she is leaving for afy tomorrow!!  smile "
is walking on sunshine    whoooaa!  and don't it feel good!  smile 
"dear procrastination, why do you have to take over my life?  please just let me be   love, <propfemale>"
's car no longer sounds like a motor boat thanks to her much awaited new muffler   smile   horray!
is absolutely in love with country dancing  tonight was a blast!  smile 
mmmm    deep tissue massages are the best   smile   my poor c n a  body really needed that!
leaving for cedar city bright and early!  i cannot wait for college   smile 
is typing this from her lovely new laptop   yipee!!  college is a great excuse to splurge a little     smile 
<propfemale> and beezus is officially the cutest movie ever   smile  loved it!
ahhh four days!! i don't know whether to feel excited or sad    it's so bittersweet!
just got back from country dancin' the night away   love   last time i'll be able to do that for a while   annoyed 
"tomorrow's the big day! ahhh   smile   cedar city, here i come!!"
"cedar city: calm traffic, pretty scenery, cute old people everywhere, college within walking distance, and snow cone shacks galore  i'm loving this!  smile "
loves getting kidnapped for spontaneous trips to st  <propfirst> with the best people ever!! my summer now feels complete   smile 
locked my keys in my car   sad  just my luck that my locksmith of a dad is four hours away when it happens!  $40 of charished student money down the drain   
feels great after organizing her room for two hours   smile 
"yummm, frozen grapes are muy delisioso! college is great for food e playful erimentation   smile "
it is so great to be back home! whoever invented homecoming is the best   smile 
just had the greatest weekend ever!  family and friends- you're the best  now back to lovely cedar city!  smile 
dear facebook world: <propfemale>'s phone is unavailable until further notice   sad   contact through facebook only   thank you 
loves the feeling coming home from the gym!  smile 
dance parties rock my socks    smile  so great 
so happy with life!  smile  this college thing is fabulous   love 
"my weekend: crazy fun freshman board retreat, hiked angels landing in zion's, amazing relief society broadcast, 3 roomie birthday parties, listened 10 feet away from the president of senegal speak, and fantastic church meetings  success   smile "
it's crazy how much more i appreciate general conference now compared to just a few years back  just keeps getting better   smile  i love it!
"loves days like today! being extra productive, making lots of new friends, and eating chocolate chip pancakes for dinner = a fabulous day   smile "
"loves how dancing can just take you out of this world    smile  cheesy, but <propfemale> true   love "
it's amazing how much i can get done when i'm trying to avoid studying!
"anyone have a good book suggestion?  i need an official \read this when i donate plasma\"" book """
"poor feebi just got stuck in the snow for half an hour    until four polys came to the rescue and pushed her out!  smile  kind of embarrassing, but i'm so thankful for nice guys!"
gotta love zumba nights!!  smile 
finals    cannot wait for them to be done with!!
