f467bc36808b6a8df071502cdaa0e3c5
mafia family - a tip on getting the independence day loot    go for the mugging job    only 1 point needed and just as much <propmale> as getting the loot there as anywhere else  i got all 8 by doing that and saved my energy  happy 4th!
what's the deal with it being 110 outside?
would someone put a hit on me please?
just passed the general class amateur radio test!
thinks he may have cat scratch fever     either that or too much 80's music tonight
had to eat his oatmeal with a fork today 
is wondering why an area always gets combed and not brushed 
my washer sounds like a freakin cricket!
hey everyone   check out the hitlist  now's the time to go for your bulletproof achievement  what are you waiting for? go!
"\you can't receive a free boost from yourself\""    lol"""
labor day loot: remember mafai family   there is just as much <propmale> to get the loot with low paying jobs    so save your energy and do the mugging  i've gotten 5 out of 8 so far this morning and still have over half my energy left 
need more coffee!
"no one should die because of zombies if they cannot afford a shotgun, or even just a machete, and no one should be turned into a vampire if they get bit by one--or a werewolf for that matter  if you agree, post this as your status for the rest of the day"
who wants to be hit? the hitlist has gone wild again 
"where are you going to be september 9th, 9am? 9-9-9-9"
a golf cart????
vegging to rammstein
"you were attacked by  el cacique principal berkmeister 14 times  you won the fights, taking 157 damage and dealing 214 damage to your enemy  you gained 27 e playful erience points and $123,289  thank you el cacique principal berkmeister, come back again!"
you have sucked the lollipop!
"this stream is unavailable at this time  please try again soon  you suck, facebook!"
let mortal combat begin!
shaft! can you dig it?
who broke it this time? hmmmm????? i'm waiting    
just treated 3 cats for ear mites and didn't get clawed or bitten
who is on which side?
"sorry, you can only help 25 friends per day per city  try again tomorrow! bastages!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
a handful of people on a leaky boat are going to save the world? exactly 
good night
hello? is there anybody in there?  just nod if you can hear me  is there anyone home?
"to all of my friends family that do not play mafia wars: if you would prefer not seeing all the mafia wars posts, just <propfemale> tight    facebook is effed up at the moment and you won't see them anyway  have a nice day!"
you know what's weird? helping in a war and seeing yourself as a target  even more weird? seeing yourself dead  laugh 
has sucked the lollipop!
can't stop sucking other peoples lollipops!
had a wonderful family reunion    goodnight all 
<propfemale>'s surgery went well  she is sleeping it off 
"the crazies are out tonight         you were attacked by  brigadir <propfirst> nuts 5 times  you won the fights, taking 34 damage and dealing 67 damage to your enemy  you gained 10 e playful erience points and $17,705         you were attacked by  matyoryj baklan (mw-501e) <propmale>    6 times  you won the fights, taking 82 damage and dealing 117 damage to your enemy  you gained 11 e playful erience points and c$0 "
wonders what it would be like to spank a pank 
"ok, which one of you punks broke it this time?  playful "
"gaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fb is going to be the death of me! error error error! we are so sorry! bite me!!!!! i hate you bastages!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love my friends, don't get me wrong    but if i die from an aneurysm or heart attack it is because of facebook!"
my wife is trying to kill me! she just gave me cough drops that e playful ired in 2005!
why did my wife just flip me off?
i just ate an e playful ired cough drop    call 911!!!!!
my wife: i did not try to murder you on purpose    i just gave you a bag of e playful ired cough drops  please someone try to e playful laine the difference to me 
happy halloween everyone    i'm off to dream about witches and <propfemale> 
boo! gimme all your <propfemale>!
goodnight all    this message is one hour in the future   will see you then 
finally getting the garage fixed up and cleaned out after moving into our house five years ago 
happy caturday!
"why is it some of my friends can be at war for hours, then i can rally for help and the war is over in 5 seconds? lol"
it's not my fault there's an attack again! button 
what's on your mind?
"lol    you were knocked out by  default <propmale> who claimed the $40,000 bounty on you set by default <propmale>na "
why did i have to try and save time by mixing the conditioner with the shampoo? why?
"if you don't know, as of today, facebook will automatically start plunging the earth into the sun  to change this option, go to settings --> planetary settings --> trajectory then un-click the box that says 'apocalypse ' facebook kept this one quiet  copy and paste onto your status for all to see "
stupid blizzard! the national guard is rescuing people in oklahoma now 
russian loot dropped in fights! hurry and spend your stamina!  laugh 
tie-dye
"note to everyone posting colors: i will now be requiring proof via my inbox, for verification purposes only  have a wonderful day!"
"urgent! facebook virus alert  an email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their bra  this is a virus  to fix it, you must remove your bra, then go to settings>enable webcam>record movie  you must post it to your profile for it to work! please pass this along to all of your female friends, since the spread of this virus stops with them! lets make facebook safe for everyone  thank you "
"how cute - my 5 y o niece put two little ponytails on the top of her aunts head and called them \popups\"" """
yay for hail!
"says, not every flower can say love, but a <propfemale> did  not every plant can survive thirst, but a cactus did  not every retard can read, but look at you go!"
common sense is not a gift  it is a punishment for you so you have to deal with everyone else that doesn't have it!
is fresh out of what ever it is you need  better luck next time 
"says if you build a man a fire, he'll be warm for a day, but if you set a man on fire, he'll be warm for the rest of his life "
"going out  if i'm not back by the time you think i should be, just wait longer "
being vague is almost as fun as doing this other thing 
is working from home today because of the ice 
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by penguins  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by penguins is not something to be ashamed of  penguins are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they will be eaten by penguins    
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dolphins  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dolphins is not something to be ashamed of  dolphins are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying  93% won't copy and paste this    they will be eaten by dolphins    
"my prayer for 2010 is that people will understand that sarcasm is not a disease - it is not contagious! those who suffer from sarcasm are not looking for a cure, but acceptance     well, actually we couldn't care less, but anyway     97% of you won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 3% that does?"
"ok, so i commented, now i have to post this thing that's been going around for ever      if you & i woke up in   jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy   and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends   say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status    fair is fair ) and we'll see who can follow directions   "
planned system maintenance??? are you freaking kidding me? who plans downtime during peak playing hours? zynga does!!!!
wonders if there is an agnostic dyslexic  insomniac in the world? must be nice sitting awake all night wondering  if there really is a dog!
you can't fix stupid!
one night in bangkok makes a hard man humble not much between despair and ecstasy one night in bangkok and the tough guys tumble can't be too careful with your company i can feel the devil walking next to me
anyone want treasure chests? i'm just not  willing to spend 9 reward points on them myself 
"advises that if you are not screwed up in the head in some type of way, the chances of us being really close friends are slim to none "
happy caturday!
happy first day of spring! oklahoma is under a winter storm warning  yay!!!!!
happy caturday!
"does anyone know of a site for photo manipulations fixups enhancements etc? i use photoshop, and can edit images, and i will edit them for free for sites that i approve "
oh no!!!!! the gmail login <propfemale> lost its vowels!!!
"testing my mystery bag link      http annoyed  bit ly 92bo6g test test test if it works, you can click it once every 24 hours to get a mystery bag from me  good luck!"
note to self: croutons may not be the wisest snack choice when one has a sore throat 
daily mystery bag! http annoyed  bit ly cl5qdy
"no whining, no drama  you  were attacked because you  logged onto  mw  you were hit 20 times  because i couldn't kill you in 19   you were  killed because i can! i  took your $ because you didn't bank  it  if i  ice or kill you and you  hitlist me, i'm comin back  it's  nothing  personal it's just a game  if you want to play  nice go play farmville!"
"take a sec  & do  this!  call nestle chocolate hotline at 1-800-295-0051  when  asked to  continue in english or  spanish, wait a few seconds  press 1 for  english  keep  going, press 4   then press 7  don't give away  the  surprise!"
"you were attacked by  <propmale> cajones 15 times  you won  the fights, taking 163 damage and dealing 222  damage to your enemy  you gained 31  e playful erience points and $715,000  at least you won the $800,000 bounty on me hahahaha!!!!!!!"
folks please protect yourself     go to  spokeo com    look yourself up    if you're there   click http annoyed  www spokeo com privacy  and follow the removal instructions (you can use an anonymous email address)    this is really bad    gives a lot of  personal info that shouldn't be out there    please repost this to  protect your friends 
"facebook friends: fb is at it again! sharing  your personal information: as of today, there is a new privacy setting  called \instant personalization\"" that shares data with non-facebook  websites and it is automatically set to \""allow \"" go to account >  privacy settings > applications and websites and uncheck  \""allow\""--it's at the bottom of the <propfemale>  please copy & repost"""
fat bottomed girls you make the rockin' world go round
tornadoes hit close to home and friends homes here in ok    i even kind of drove through one   i don't recommend it   electricity is finally on in the neighborhood     everyone i know is okay 
"please put this on your status if you know, \or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by \the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire \is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants only to bring \peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to kill innocent \civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this your status for\ at least one hour?"
"your phone <propfirst> are listed in fb for everyone to see  wanna see for yourself? \click account, then edit friends  on the left side, click on phonebook  if you want to correct this - go to account, privacy settings, customize settings  set your phone <propfirst> to only me instead of everyone\ or friends or a friend list you have set up "
"does anyone else's notifications keep popping up like they have new ones, only it's the same old ones???? grrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i just fought an armored moth and won!
animals unleashed! rawr!!!
"fb you suck!\10 fr in about 15 minutes and this is what i get     \from a freakin social web site! see comment "
lots of posts going around for free gf posts  i'm gonna have to pass on this one even if it is legit  that last one left a really bad taste in my mouth that isn't going to go away any time soon 
"ohmygah     phineas and ferb had a super villain called caca poopoo \tonight "
"radio kjda - not bringing you <propfemale> \manson"
"alien calf has been hidden from your news feed \daily horoscope has been hidden from your news feed \how lucky are you today? has been hidden from your news feed \my hottest friends has been hidden from your news feed \good and evil has been hidden from your news feed \likeness has been hidden from your news feed \status shuffle has been hidden from your news feed \hotel city has been hidden from your news feed "
"mafia peeps, you have to add the two sweetest and most giving people to your mafia family you will ever find      <propfemale> <propmale> axelson and joo <propfemale> <propfemale>    not that i am trying to butter them up or anything  wink "
links to free gifts in my notes  let me know if they work 
"i'm remembering a fallen hero  a friend of mine who died a week ago  he was a great friend of the community  he is someone i've known for over half my lifetime  the police, fire, and rescue communities remember him with honor  please remember <propfirst> <propmale> with me "
my wife just said i look like cousin it 
"welcome everyone, i'm your dam tour guide arnie  im about to take you through at fully functional power plant  so please no one wonder off the dam tour, and feel free to take all the dam pictures you want  now  are there any dam questions?"
"new mafia, needs more friends! please add <propfemale> <propmale>  smile "
"okay everyone, you should all be able to post to my wall (and see it)  i know      woo hoo!!!"
the wife and i just got back from the <propmale> and dunn concert  i've never seen such a sea of cowboy hats and cleavage 
what's up with all the comedy videos?
have any of you ever had <propfemale>'s palsy? please message me 
"\you have a bad case of natural causes\"" -house"""
"you've collected on 10 secret stashes today, and have to wait 0 to collect on them again"
"this week's daily <propmale> has ended and we are now calculating the winners  please come back when we announce the winners in: 0 surprise 0\*sigh*"
what's on your mind?what's on your mind?
"i love you, i'll kill you   "
"it's so bright here today, i've been squinting like a chilean miner "
"congratulations on vaulting your collection! for your efforts, you have been awarded: home cooked meal 18 attack 68 defense"
"if you are a mission leader & you post it (help), you are obligated\ to make sure that it gets done  first make sure that all the slots are \filled, second make sure that everyone has completed what they signed up\ for  if you have no <propfemale> to do those things then please do not post \missions, you end up letting down everyone that has tried to assist \you!!"
dang man    it's 7 smile 0 outside and dark     kids are playing     when the fudge that i get old???
some people are so effin blind and so effin stupid!!! and i mean stupid with a big s! drama drama drama! certain relative in mind     no not you m!
trick or treat!
i voted
"i\ vote to officially make \pelosi\"" the cuss word for s#!t as in: \""don't \",f467bc36808b6a laugh f071502cdaa0e3c5,it's been so nice today     i'm enjoying having the windows and doors open 
"omg     i was yelling \bastage\"" at my radio     only to realize that i had my front door was open and the neighbors probably didn't appreciate it  lol"""
"if you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding! how can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?"
"who's a big boy or girl? that's right, you are!"
people! if you remove me as a friend i will remove you from my mafia! i do check these things!
happy thanksgiving!
free links in comment
trying out bit ly links   
let's see how creative my face book friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy     that's no fun
free gift links    
