31c5950bab113f21a974be5f08f33300
happy 0'10   everyone
hahahaha theres a new vgcats and super effective
he wields two magical scimitars simultaneously 
what do you call a platapus who jumps out of an airplane without a parachute                  a splatapus 
happy haloween
"\ me fail english? that's unpossible  \"""""
"someone is going to do something stupid and get them in legal trouble? i would assume that anyone who would do so has already blatantly lied about thier age  so whats the lesson here lie and be rewarded with fun, tell the truth and you will be rewarded with mistrust and disappointment  thanks microsoft you ruined my week "
"hours of researching, changing my parental settings, and staring angrily at my facebookless xbox, i gave up and decided to write angrily on my *facebook* wall  so riddle me this if you can make a facebook account at 13 how come microsoft won't let anyone below 18 to use it? to avoid lawsuits? are they so afraid that"
"well i am currently very angry at xbox live  for months i have been looking forward to the integration of facebook, last fm, and twitter  but, yesterday, it was released and anyone under the age of 18 (excluding all of you douchebags who lied about your age *cough*johnathan*cough wink  cannot use these new features on xbox  after a few"
epic google fails      www autocompleteme com
"ok, 6: o'clock christmas morning  can't sleep,  and it's like 3 hours till everyone else will get up and let me get presents *sigh*"
new years resolutions are for those who haven't done anything during the year 
"you might be a redneck, if you come from a rural area, and act as such "
"doesn't have anything on his mind, but thank you facebook "
"who's going to make the cake when i'm gone, you?"
finish him!
i hate it when im trying to go somewhere and theres a snorlax in my way 
"sheldon: yes! well, i'm polymerized tree sap and you're an inorganic adhesive, so whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns on its original trajectory and adheres to you  -big bang theory"
iwhbyd skull found
is the coolest person ever!
"i'll see you guys on sunday, cause i'm going life or death orienteering         (prolly life orienteering)"
my cats trying to eat my cereal!!!
never play leapfrog with a unicorn
[url=http annoyed  demotivationalpics com displayimage php?pos=-5830][
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?
"life is like a box of chocolates, you find a perfect day, go to take a bite and find out it has coconut in it"
"is watching zombieland, who doesn't love a good zomedy"
"i know your supposed to finish the day on a good note, so here goes,  c#"
"jack: put it away, son  it's not worth you getting beat again         will: you didn't beat me  you ignored the rules of engagement! in a fair fight, i'd kill you!        jack: well, that's not much incentive for me to fight fair then, is it?"
"the world is full of apathy, but i don't care"
"is off to camp, see all of you on sunday "
"happy mother's day mom  wheres my present, because without me you wouldn't be a mom "
"todays word of the day, machinima - \the <propmale> of using a pre-rendered gaming engine and making it into a film the word is derived from:machine and cinema \\dude,rvb is the best machinima on the web! -urban dictionary"
i'm always thinking one step ahead like a carpenter     who makes stairs
parkour!!!
"chicken e playful ress sweet tea, and rock band 2 and facebook could a friday get any better?"
"is going to play rock band 2 till my fingers bleed (probobly going to take a lot longer then it would on a real guitar, darn round buttons)"
"just had a revelation, how can you tell if a pirate is winking?"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=s6hu0wsdnwu&nr=1
porque no los dos?
tucker: are you <propfirst>? harold:      no     tucker: i thought computer programs couldn't lie   harold: they can if they were programed to lie   tucker: were you programmed to lie?   harold:                    no            i missed you rvb
"new vg cats is up, it only took them like 3 months this time  joyful "
leaving to go spackle and paint grandma's house be back saturday  i''ll miss you facebook 
just bought a dragon hatchet also wohoo lvl 78  wc 
"just discovered he has insane cooking skills  (i just made icecream soup, message me for the recipe)"
just discovered that you can make grilled sandwiches in the toaster  i shall never be hungry again!!!!
<propmale>!!!
i just lost the game!!!
got a high five from god what have you done today?
"\i think <propfirst> lautner is hott\"""""
haikus are easy but sometimes are random refridgerator
barts shirt is a classic like keep on truckin' as if i'd i ever want to stop trucking
new vg cats
is finishing season 5 of rvb
<propmale>!!!
is watching an episode of avatar he has never seen before
give him the left  the left   this isn't a fist fight!!!  you have a left sword don't you?
http annoyed  www urbandictionary com define php?term=indie&defid=762531
is back from scotland  my lappy doesnt want to work though so i might be off for a bit   (it's just sleeping  only sleeping!!!!!! wake up lappy wake up!!!)
has decided that ain't no rest for the wicked ~ cage the elephant  is the best song to listen to while playing fallout 3
is at my grandmas house working on the yard (watching tv)
is cooking breakfast for the masons and has been up since 5  why are there mornings nobody likes them if it wasnt for pancakes and bacon i think the government would jusr get rid of mornings
"my sister is watching that drama about fatcamp i think she said it was huge or something, but it doesn't make any sense they're all actors  what they need to is make a reality show and call it last lardo standing  they eat healthy and exercise and every week the skinniest kid gets sent home until there is just one kid left  the laziest fattest kid and his prize for being the last is a lifetime supply of mcdonalds "
"i am now officially a member of the preorder club  10 days, 6 hours, 37 minutes, 43 seconds"
is reading full metal alchemist and eating sour cream and onion ruffles could life get better
finally my flair are all in a line
"is going to play fallout 3, or read full metal alchemist  why must life be so full of hard decisions"
"just got diary of the dead, and <propfemale> of the dead  gonna have me a romerofest tonight"
is practicing for the zombocolypse by playing dead rising
halo reach is now live
"avast ye! this har talk like pirate day be coming to an ending, so all of ye should put on your favorite tricorn and buckle some swash before it be to late "
is going camping  joyful 
"please put this as your status if you know, or are related to someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  (i'm part of the 7% who will!)"
new profile picture  <propfirst> mcdonald your going down
"halo, it's like shooting a fish in a barrel, from a mile away "
why they wanna hold a splitjaw down
is beasting at halo just got a triple betrayal yoink 
green wizard needs sleep badly    
wants dual custody of my shmoopy pickle 
that's right soak up my analogy gravy with your mind biscuit 
"was playing halo the other day  invasion slayer on paradise to be exact  so there i was fighting the splitjaw spawn, for those of you who know the map i was in the fort in the middle  i was smiting the splitjaw onslaught with my spartan lazer "
"is watching southpark, and missing out on alot of it because <propmale> pruitt hasn't seen inception"
just reached the rank of captain in halo  <propfirst> was right you just have to remember your woop woops and lalas 
is playing <propfemale> pinata for the first time in months
"winslow: well there's your problem  why the heck do people still use machines that can't think? hannelore: winslow, don't be racist! non-sentient machines can still lead perfectly productive lives in modern society! martin: alot of things are better off non-sentient anyway  can you imagine the kind of counseling self-aware nuclear weapons would need?"
"martin: \yarwhal\"" isn't a real word! dora: yes it is! it's a piratical narwhal!"""
"my whipped ice dairy drink brings the attention of males to my place of residence and or employment, and it far surpasses that of yours  absolutely, it surpasses yours  i can convey to you this recipe, but i have to demand compensation "
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  the other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguisher"
wohoo essay got pushed back to next tuesday and i got an a on my speech  now some whataburger for lunch best day in a long time
http annoyed  www brinkthegame com 
"hmmm what am i thankful for? late nights, caffiene, and that a b is a passing grade"
doesn't update his status enough
walking dead and a turkey sammich today is a good day
is watching oceans 11 and had the sudden <propfemale> to <propmale> a bank  i wonder if they're related 
"essay you have been defeated, now to play fallout till i passout"
"installed microsoft office 2007 on his laptop today, i can now actually do things  yay!"
what do tigers dream of when they take a little tiger snooze?
just caught up to recent on questionable content  take that <propfirst>!
"type your name: <propmale> pruitt\with your elbows: <propmale> pruitt\with you nose: <propmale> pruitt\with your eyes closed:<propmale> pruitt\\post as your status but dont erase mistakes!"
who would have thought writing captions for 279 pictures would be so exhausting?
hopes he doesn't fall asleep during the eclipse 
is wondering why there aren't capital <propfirst>  or punctuation marks for that matter  there should be (capital)!(capital)!(capital)!(capital)1(capital)! i think i'll take this thought as a sign that it's time for bed(lower case) 
had all you can eat chinese food for dinner  the atmosphere was decent except for beat it playing over the radio
i'm dreaming of a wet christmas  just like the ones i used to know
needs a nap  is it christmas yet?
"twas the morning of christmas and all through the home \not a creature was stirring just me all alone \the stockings were filled and laid on the couch with care \in hopes that my family soon will be there \my parents are nestled all snug in their beds \while visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads \                                                  <propfemale> christmas"
<propfemale> christmas to all and to some good morning
the xbox ate another disk |t_t|
"guess what! taco <propfemale> no longer makes xxl chalupas  they were like a piece of deep fried heaven but now they don't have any  i can personally attest that those chalupas were the most delicious thing i have ever received through a window  but, no longer can i eat them  {t_t}"
"this planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time  many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy ~ <propmale> adams"
"wow, it just hit me that its already o'11 happy year"
all llamas should wear hats!
is doing homework in a sams club parking lot  note to self free wifi!
is considering reprogramming his laptop with a wet sledgehammer
just watched airheads and this is spinal tap  i think i just learned how to rock and roll!!!
is watching <propmale> gaffigan  this is what makes life worth living 
"just found out about a new <propmale> pegg, and <propmale> frost movie  will post more after sleepytime"
"bowling without bumpers t_t, amazing lazer tag  smile , and pizza, followed by scouts, followed by home alone watching tv  and then i get online to find my first class is cancelled tomorrow  best day of 0'11!    so far"
"ok, whats everybody bringing to the lock in?"
is officially awakish   
wohoo mp3 player just came in  amazon you make me smile
fwisd is officially fwosn
well guys my 360 is live again  if i didn't add any of you guys be sure to send me your username
tanners turning my xbox gay   
i think i have cabin flu
snow day number four stop can feel cabin fever setting in stop supplies running low stop if you can read this please send         end of transmission
"just had a thought, and i don't want to start a huge debate (ok maybe just a little bit) but, if there was a fight between vin diesel, and <propfirst> stathom  stathom would wipe the floor with diesel! hands down "
is off to the camp for the weekend
"ok, is anyone else excited about dragon age redemption?"
   
"just had a thought     a bowl, is like a plate you can drink out of   "
"assis autour de s'ennuyer, travaille sur <propfemale> d'analyse de caractères pour l'anglais, je déteste papiers   "
pretty productive day  i went to gamestop signed up for gameinformer  and i got an hdmi plug for <propmale>
so    finallu finished my halo map i probably spent at least 50 hours on it  if your on check it out on my file share street of dead
watching dusk till <propfemale> on amc  this movie is so censored it's hilarious
firefly  joyful 
long week    i hiked 10 2 <propmale> up a mountain just to take a nap on the tippy top  how many of you can say that?
"nighty night, don't let the chupacabras bite"
blames facebook for his excessive use of the third person
"i'm sitting at the eye doctors  there is a creepy old lady here telling me how i need to cut my hair  and to ask for a barber, not a beautician because they aren't as e playful erienced  now shes telling us stories about cops and how shes going to press a sexual harassmant case from the negros when she worked at a strip bar    i hate people   "
"is a little sleepy    i just read the word disheartened, as dih-sheer-tind"
is watching firefly  when i grow up i want to be a space pirate cowboy 
"\if you take sexual advantage of her then you will burn in a very special part of hell  a part reserved for child molesters and people who talk in movie theaters \"" ~ shepherd"""
