9659217322a4d1e935b5f8a0a65468d0
well i wont be in the usa after the 21st       oooo scary  so glad i packed my diapers
"i think after 24 days in kuwait, i should be considerd permanent party"
"may not be on here for a while, have to let things settle and play out"
when it comes to fbcb2       i am a god!!!!!
finished with fbcb2 bft now working on school       i'm thinking unc-charlotte
got my leave dates changed        again!
got the new brokencyde cd
found an original gameboy       then we blew it up! i really wanted to play <propfirst>  sad 
"all i want is a little of the good life, all i need is to have a good time!!!!"
"jam!!!  just jam, jam it all, its like a piece of bread and i just     jam! but then theses guys came and were like jam on the whole loaf!"
"still no water in the showers      this makes day 5!   also there seems to be a bad smell around here, i don't know why "
won't be home for my birthday    
is it bad if diveing into ditches feels natural?
"oh, i am trying this new thing called honesty! so far i found out it makes people like me less  but it does prove that i can \be bold\"" and air-assault!!!"""
hey if you want some videos let me know and i will send you the list  i got over 200 on our share drive 
"\people dont know about the things i say and do they dont understand about the shit that i've been through its been so long since i've been home i've been gone i've been gone for way 2 long mayb i 4got all things i miss oh somehow i know thers more 2 life than this i said it 2 many times and i still stand firm so i think i'll keep a walking with my head held high i'll keep moving on and only god knows why\"" kid rock"""
"my internet runs out on the 16th, just a heads up!!"
"oh, btw i am stateside!"
"back in iraq! safe and     what am i thinking its iraq, thats not safe"
<propfemale> fuckin christmas!
probably just going to sleep through new years   
great last day in nc!!!! would not change it for the world!!!
control detination my ass!!!!
"i want my purple heart now!!!  and while your at it, give me the medal of honor too "
"i need more people to talk to me, send me a message  i  have 2 much  time to think"
ok thats it   
oh snapple!!! they put me in charge!!! (insert  funny line here)
"i was told today, to forget the past and look to the future     problem is i have never forgotten the past  thats why i have never forgotten any of you  my friends here on facebook "
i knew life is like a video game! i put my life on pause when i deployed  so while all of you are living playing life  i'm save-ing it 
going to wake up  at 2am to watch the super bowl
going to wake up at 2am to watch the super bowl!! and i need a <propfirst> 
next on the list is a <propfirst>  btw <propfirst>s days has the most commited suicides than any other day 
mommy got me $3460 on tax returns!!! just enough to buy a <propfirst>s gift for no one cause i still don't got a <propfirst>        depressing
new bed!!!! and no back aches or wakeing up in the middle of the nights
"bad day, just a really bad day"
"love it when everyone complains about \drama\""  hope they never e playful erience \""stress\"" """
"woke and knew i was going to get an ass chewin, but i have gotten plenty of ass chewins in my life "
"big test coming up, and i have not studied since the last one, good thing i have a masters in b s"
jumbo!!!!!! (its swaheelee    speling?)
"so i do the work of 5 different people and i am pretty damn good at all of it! maybe even the best! yet cause of a miss \coumcinaiton\"" i have done a horrible job this entire time """
thinking of you       who?
thats right i'm a badass!!! why? cause i can do everything!!!!!
messaging people next to you     dumb ass!
when i get out i want to be an underwear inspector  you know on the tag it says inspected by number 5!!! ya that job!!
god damn it! it's not rocket surgery!
its the final countdown!! 123 days left!
"can barely get on here, email me outlawedpanther@yahoo com"
"i now live in a different part of iraq, but it's still iraq!!!!"
"now, i don't want to go on a rant here, but <propfemale>'s foreign policy makes about as much sense as beowulf having sex with <propfirst> fulton at the first battle of antietam  i mean, when a neo-conservative defenestrates, it's like raskolnikov filibuster deoxymonohydroxinate "
"omg!!! had a pear this morning, it was like an orgy in my mouth!"
zionks! your right! we're dealing with one sick son of a bitch scoobert!
bathroom is 50m away! there is a thunderstorm outside! and i have to poop! yes there is a problem!!!
thats it! for now on everyone on here will be called poop-head! i will be your leader    smart-ass!
porn!
"rofl! i looovvveee this \deception\""!  brag about leaveing and say \""i want to work with you\"" and punish honesty! woohoo!!!"""
crap! i'm late!
so i got fired and as punishment i went to a better place!!! does this make me a masochist?
"i think i grew up too fast! thats why i act like a child! more importanatly, thats why i just want to have fun! so go ahead and get serious, cause i haven't even started!"
found my barret    it doesn't fit any more!
room was broken so i had a sleep over!
ooo heated toilet seats!
on a seriouse note    i think my mind is broken!
this is your life! and it's ending one minute at a time!
huge storm!!!!
wants to spend $4544!! any thoughts?
24hrs of internet left!
are we there yet?
"finally being a \v\"" name pays off in the military!"""
i love this <propmale> breeze!
1st 4-day weekend     hanging out with <propmale>!!!
new 3oh!3 cd kicks ass!
got a new droid! !!
meetings all morning
on to the dentist   sad 
finally a half day! thought these were a myth!
yay for srp!
congratulations mr and mrs irie mccleave!
for the whole team <propmale> and team <propfirst> i'm on team <propfirst>!
i think i can survive the fall!
sweaty from basketball!
chilling at the mall! movies later!
movies!!!!
yesterday = best day ever in washington!
off to get the droid x!
award ceremony today!
yay done with the ceremony!
i am bat man!
with my baby sitter today!
may not get to go home!
i forgot how cold it was before pt!
so much pain from pt! but damn if i don't love it!
i wish i had some ammo for this weapon!
flight in less than 21 hours!!!!!
lo led in the airport!
it feels so great to wake up every 15 <propfemale> to hear about bags!
chilling in nc!
argahh then to madii's!!
i am lost!!!
i can't fly yet but im getting better at floating!
knocked over       alot!!! of people in the airport!
another four day weekend? !!
i have lost track of what day it is again!
playing chicken with a striker tank!
"so mrs <propfemale>'s manager lady, how is that career plan working for you?"
if you can't sleep fake it and shut up!
so what is real?
another stupid class! this time with a feminist point of view! skipping rocks seams appealing!
i font care tonight is movie night!
other guys!   fucking great!
think i just witnessed a murder! let's go to burger <propmale>!
mmmm bbq!
car guy is now 4hrs late!
damn you truck man with my car!
yay! it's friday the 13th!
ooo new var smell!
ooo new car smell!
really tired of people acting like children!
warp tour is done but the party is far from over!
i don't remember how i got to bed!
wonder who will fall out tomorrow?  hope i don't!
desktop is dead! time for a frankinstien build!
watching <propfirst> pilgrim!!! again!
i woke up on the floor!  but i remember climbing on the top bunk!
guffs party tonight!!
ya    lets do the errends!
"note to self: next time suttle leads pt, go to sick hall!"
damn 13 year olds lapping me with their roller blades! no respect for the roller skater!
paint ball today!
so much pain!
dec  5th panthers vs  seahawks! 50yrd line! who wants to go? offers going fast!
swimming in puddles!
a day of reckoning!
standby!!!
met a new fun drunk!
shake and bake!
birthday party tonight!
umm driving around and there is no one! apocalyptic event?
like!
armageddon is still one of the saddest movies!
bowling with <propmale> magic and fng!
so i got in wlc! less texting in the day! a whole lot less!
yay for saturday school!
homework session at fitch and hulls!
i want a gatorade!
"found some cool places to go visit, just need people to come with!"
people are silly!  hahahhaha
in the field can't text till 8pm western!
disturbed's 13th song on their new album rocks!!!
graduation today!
removing non friends from friends list on here!
ape caves!!!! after ihop!
so umm ya   
i'm a hero! saved someone today!
"thought i just won  $ 50,000!!!!  damn my perception to see and hear what i want!"
have a good idea when i am getting restationed!!!
got a sad text this morning
late night!
think everyone is too angry! be happy like me!!!
at the range so may not text!
cant find my phone    still!!!
hahahaha         bye!
party at andys?
re-enlisting at nyg vs  sea game!!!
portland again!
friday feels like sunday!!!!
wants to go out again!
thank you 4am fire alarm!
when i turn 21 what should be my first drink?
ska-doosh!!!!
hotel party saturday!!!
snow and ninja technique!
i have prepared my cave for hibernation!
high on vallium and perkacets!
"independence day, movie, speech gave me goose bumps!"
i love my mommy and daddy! 0 smile 
just be like that and its fun so try more for the thing! ya i love some!
thanksgiving! !!!
percacets make me goofy and way too honest and emotional!
"i relize now in a drugged up sense of revelation, i need to take more pictures to remember situations and friends! so everyone will be taking pictures with me!"
"for my outlook on life, actions taken, words spoken, and situational idiocy    i could be the younger brother of every character played by <propmale> galifianakis!"
its almost december!
4day?
turn it to 11!
phone dying!
updated his status!
learning about how to attend west point!
"i want to sing \we're at the top of the world\"" by <propfemale> theory in the car out loud to    well they know who!"""
"wondering why you park, in the drive way?"
christmas party!
"dad, you are like a father to me!"
i learned the easy way im better at driving reverse than i am forward!
milk them chickens and pluck them cows we're the ones who gonna fuck you now!
pisses off at stupid news story that's just going to make people dumber and things harder for everyone!
alot to do before i go! who will be awarded my little time!
lost and alone!
"shut up nipple head, some of us can't see in the dark!"
enjoying last few hours of washington
if i hear another crying baby i will punch it to sleep!
"in nc hit me up to hook up, so we may catch up!"
it's great that no one recognizes me! it appears like im a stalker for knowing so much!
<propfemale> only gave me a black eye for christmas!
sleep = best way to deal with anger and depression!
snow!!!!! in nc!!!!
so umm instead of buying presents for xmas    im going to spend all that money on new years!
found the fountain of youth! but google earth can't save my location!
i'm in lesbians with you!
shots with dad!
back in wa     that is all!
i relized <propmale> watkins run just like <propfemale> kutcher! just watch the end of just married!
army education center no longer provides sat or act testing in their facility!  bogus!!!
need to study for the sat in 2 weeks    ill wing it!
busy 4day week    have a lot of preparation to do for wp!
snow!!!
anyone else notice <propfemale> <propfirst>'s fireworks is about a guys orgasm?  listen to it again!
"\applicant academic hold for result processing completion\""       or \""take a test\"" for the simple minded!"""
i want things to be fun as it nostalgicly changes!!
"im <propfirst> varvel, and i approve this status update!"
anyone in wa have an old t-mobile phone i can borrow?
"sats, football, bowling, broken toe! ya i'm a boss!"
want the jets to win so we can relive history!
its already monday and i need some plans for this weekend!
"toe is fractured, getting x-rays on my chest and getting a blood test without studying!"
"just saw a guy have a seizure,  i saved his life!"
"183 pokes since i went to bed, no wonder i cant sleep!"
i met the biggest friendliest guy today! he's an ass!
i want mint flavored skittles!
"pooping while waiting for facial mask to dry, nothing new!"
shiboopy1
going to do what the warning label tells me not to do for now on!
group road trip to ape caves this weekend! whos in?
got my orders to go to 82nd av repl bde ft bragg nc!!!!
"ever get bad news on a good day?  i did, and it's not a good day anymore!"
im pregnant!
green bay fan today
28-17!!!
how about them packers!
car accident   sad 
<propmale> is selling his car for $800 in wa  let me know if you want details!
"1120!\\"""""
3 weeks to finish west point packet!
"situations repeat themselves, at least they are a little less disappointing!"
well my <propmale> to get into west point just got really really small!
got friday and monday off
so much shit to do im just not doing it!
615 characters out of 2500 and only worked on it for 15min!
dd tomorrow for a friends wedding party?
how can you be honest with me when your not honest with yourself?
is sad but i can't e playful lain why! and i like pop tarts!
got to love broken promises
"just saw a porno being made in a <propfirst> on i-5, live!"
what do you mean you don't want to run in a snow blizzard with only shorts on!
"i do things for me, not us! that's how it's supposed to be! ;p"
beastiality is having sex with family members!!!
there's enough of me to go around ladies! lol
ft <propfirst> has a no snow barrier!!!!
"so much stress disappearing,  anticipation setting in!"
"can someone bring me some toilet paper     3rd floor, 3rd stall, closest to the defac! thanks in advance!!!"
i've been up since 2 am because of a faulty fire alarm!
"i'm not full of surprises, my whole life is just surprising! now let me show you what i mean!"
good investments got me $140 today!
woot woot! passed my pt and tape test!
online banking on my droid has saved me from a lot of bad buying decisions!!!!
"honor, integrity,  humility, compassion"
mighty morphin power rangers = racial!!!
i race down to <propfemale> and no one that i was supposed to see answered their phone!!!
wants to know both outcomes of a choice to help friend make the right one  even if it sucks for me!
anyone else awake?
going to rock out at @<propmale> watkins show!!!
<propmale> watkins and until the sunrise were fuckin awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so apparently judging is done at the end of the night and half our group left! hopefully until the sunrise still wins!!!
<propmale> watkins and until the sunrise are in the finals!!!!
i rocked out so much to until this sunrise i cant get out of bed to pee     worth it? yes! problem? possibly soon!
watching wrong decisions being made!
the field is going to suck!
in yakistan training till the 7th      no phone too
yay! can use phones! still in yakima till the 7th
took a shower for the first time since being in yakima    12 days
bad news = bad day 
well dew to rumors i have lost a lot! i'm back to block one but don’t know how to build again     if only the truth was truer than rumors!
no more reason to ho back to nc    
