6acf3582ece7ec929a0fb0452a89b7b7
"still awake    writing  can't sleep  happy new year to all, just the same!"
"run, don't walk, to your nearest movie theater and buy a ticket for inception  sit down in your favorite seat, clear your mind, suspend your concept of reality, and let this brilliant, mind-numbing film wash over you "
still trying to focus but i keep seeing a spinning top    that just keeps spinning   
"trying to write  very distracted  so close to 50,000 words    only 28 days until my next goal  only 43 days to finish  crossing fingers "
ugh! haven't written a single word tonight! staring blankly at the screen for two hours!!
"okay, so i'm back on track    i plan to break the 50,000 word <propfirst> tonight (a day early might i add   )"
"booyah! 50,075 words    (two days ahead, btw) and now, for sleep "
"the english language is so ridiculous  transitive and intransitive verbs suck and i they are currently kicking my butt   \\lay means to put something (or someone) down  because lay is a transitive verb, a direct object will follow  a direct object receives the action of the verb  lie, on the other hand means to rest, or recline  lie is an intransitive verb, so no direct object will follow "
"my stomach is on fire  trying to ignore it and write  so far, so good "
writing   writing   writing   
"when shooting a mime, don't use a silencer or his friends will hear you "
"trying to get motivated    have to go grocery shopping, clean house, make dinner, write about 1500+ words of my novel, do laundry    blah    blah    blah   "
drowning in my own words    i feel a bout of writer's block kicking in  i swear if that happens there will be beatings 
"58,504\ words, 320 pages, 72 days    1 pretty damn good novel so far, if i may say so \myself  what an awesome journey  but it's not over yet    oh no, not \yet "
totally not prepared for work tomorrow    my team is going to kill me 
i want italian food   
"can't get this damn \animal\"" song by neon trees out of my head!"""
there <propmale>  i changed it 
"inception is #1 at the box office for the 3rd straight week in a row  it currently stands at $193,348,000 in domestic box office and $279,048,000 total worldwide  if you have not seen this movie yet, you are dead to me  go see it now!"
supposed to be cleaning  wasting time instead  this day is pretty much blah 
writing is so fun  writing is so fun  now it's time to take a break and see what we have done  shut up <propfirst>! dammit 
"holy crap, so we almost just had a novel disaster    the network connection between our two computers disconnected and then suddenly the network version of my novel (the master copy) became corrupt    i almost died  but i fixed it  so, basically this post is pointless    just thought i'd share "
i can't focus  this sucks  my storyline is slowly unraveling  my characters don't make any sense  and the narrative keeps going on tangents! i need a vacation 
"it's not that i can't focus, it's just that focus comes after 10 surprise 0pm and i have to be to work by 7 surprise 0am  i realize now that the problem is my job    and therein lies an even bigger problem  i am doomed "
"okay, so i guess chinese take-out, snuggling with my pup, writing, and listening to my favorite shows playing in the background - all while in bed - makes up for my epic crap-fest of a day "
home from work  headache to slay a horse  need to write  need to focus    need to pee!!
"78 days    61,000 words   "
this is very unsettling    all of the cheese has escaped my meatloaf 
let the weekend commence!
i am totally considering playing with the bucket of legos that's under the futon    maybe i'll build a spaceship 
it's happening again   
"woke up a little over a half-hour ago, totally inspired  i just wrote about 600 words in like 30 minutes  i wish every day was like this    oh! and it's raining!"
"62,834 words, 350 pages, 82 days    over 2 3 the way there!"
"64,000+ words    and now to bed "
so friggin busy! dang it!
"real conversation at work annoyed \\hey"," nehemiah    you on a call?\""\"6acf3582ece7ec929a0fb0452a89b7b7,i think i'm going to buy a rabbit  and then punch it  that's how i feel today 
"another real conversation at work, only just happened today annoyed \\hey josh!\""\",6acf3582ece7ec929a0fb0452a89b7b7,i am just plain blah    fed up    kaput    meh    poopy    bleck    all of the above 
trying to write  distractions everywhere   
"ordered pizza, wings, and a caesar salad  45 minutes from now, i will be a happier boy "
"getting behind on my writing    ugh! feel like it's a race against time  maybe i'd get more done if i had an ultimatum; like, the computer has a nuclear bomb hidden inside and will go off unless i write 1000 words each day  or, my mother is tied up by terrorist monkeys and the only way to save her is write a novel "
friday the 13th! whose going out tonight? i need food  i need alcohol  i need friends  you know who you are   
i want fried chicken and beer!
"on a scale of 1-10, how lame would it be for me to go out tonight to lo-lo's chicken and waffles and then grab some beers - all alone?"
"so while buying a 24 pack of beer at the store, the woman took my id and stared at it for a moment, then called a manager    ask me what happened next "
all my problems went out the window with a bucket of kfc and beer    my dinner tonight is probably over 1500 calories  fantastic 
"and now    to writing  btw, for those keeping score, i am only 33 days away from my deadline and nearly 66,000 words written, or almost 375 pages, or 3 4 the way complete "
i am very much awake!
"i'm up  i'm writing  and in the background, playing quietly on the tv, is one of those hysterically terrible sci-fi original movies with awesome (horrific) special effects and amazing (abhorrent) acting  the funniest crap ever!"
so close to my goal    written almost 2000 words today so far!
"i just have to say, writing a novel is perhaps the most difficult, time-consuming, maddening thing i have ever done  and i love it "
watching kill <propmale> vol 1 & 2  epic 
"home today  working on school stuff, birthday shopping for mom, grocery shopping, cleaning house, and writing  nice relaxing day it is not, but at least i'm not at work  oh, and btw    today is day 90 of the writing bonanza  i'm only 943 words from my goal "
"broke 70,000 words last night    time to keep that ball rolling!"
crap! just closed microsoft word without saving my work! that's 600 wasted words  ugh! double crap!
i hear the sounds of doorbells and dinner parties in our near future    and the waving of hellos to our neighbors (<propfirst> and <propfemale>) down the street    or the knock on the door when <propfemale> needs to borrow a cup of sugar to bake cookies    hurray for 1950's suburban <propfemale> allusions!!
"another real conversation at work today annoyed \josh: \what was that guys name? the one in last samurai? <propmale> wonton-tiffany or something?\""\",6acf3582ece7ec929a0fb0452a89b7b7,"72,000+ words and counting   "
"just had to drop another $92 on books for school    that's brings the total to a hilariously depressing $388 for this semester  i would buy a rabbit and punch it, but now i can't afford it "
get motivated! get motivated! get motivated! get motivated! get motivated!
"decided to swallow my pride and lower my minimum daily word count from 775 to 500  i realized that with work and school, writing a minimum of 775 a day was just too much  so, with that being said, that only pushes my deadline back to october 1st, or 136 days  however, at the rate the story is going, it may not be done until october 15, or 150 days  still not bad!"
"what the hell is wrong with the stupid asu blackboard site? i haven't been able to post discussions or complete assignments since school started last week! there's been \intermittent issues\"" with the site  i'm thinking i'll need at least a dozen rabbits tonight   """
free beatings!
we've been pre-approved for a mortgage! let the house hunting begin!!
looked at houses today  going to put an offer on one  we love it  crossing our fingers   
i need to get drunk and pass out    so friggin' stressed 
the book is so close to completion   
i officially hate currency 
<propfemale> <propmale> - 1910-2010    rip
finally hit the wall today  almost broke down at work  didn't though    didn't have time  had to go to class  and then come home a flunk a mid term  and now i can't sleep  tomorrow should be worse  bring it on 
soooooooooooooooooooo tired   
"went back to writing  it's been almost two months    still my goal to finish the book this year, and it looks achievable  besides, i have a lot of moochers depending on me to be their meal ticket    hahahaha! you know who you are    better get published soon!"
"i love how my professors that are teaching my online classes are treating it the same way as an in-classroom course    with assignments due while i'm at work, and refusing to be flexible, and requiring that students meet in person for discussions and labs    which completely negates the concept behind an online course "
staying up late so that i can make something of my life with something i've created    66 days until the deadline   
you are waiting for a train   
another late night    another <propfemale> written    another day gone  i want this book to end 
soooooo much homework    meh!
i feel like my brain is going to e playful lode out of my butt 
"i reckon he does  he's out there now, doing the does  he does what he does, and what he knows  he knows killing  he knows death  and i reckon he's killed again "
stressing and trying to blaze through mounds of homework so i can take my little brother to knotts <propfirst> farm this weekend  i'm such a good person  lol!
"democracy arises out of the notion that those who are equal in any \respect are equal in all respects; because men are equally free, they \claim to be absolutely equal  - aristotle"
something wicked this way comes   
dreading the 4 smile 0 am wake up call   
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand    boom 
"so, life just keeps getting more and more difficult  and i just keep rolling with the punches "
watching tremors with the bacon 
"on either side the river lie, long fields of barley and or rye, that clothe the wold and meet the sky, and through the field the road run by, to many towered camelot   "
chemistry lab required that i make cinnamon rolls from scratch using yeast    epic victory!
"i'm building a time machine that only goes ahead to the following date: july 15, 2011  who's going with me? (oh, and if you have to ask why it only goes ahead to that date, you're not invited)"
"so much for being able to enjoy my time off  homework: 16 <propfemale> paper in film class  30+ <propfemale> paper in english  83 modules in italian  and a partridge in a friggen pear tree  \\dammit "
yay! turkey gobble day! nothing says thanksgiving like getting up early to watch the <propfemale>'s thanksgiving day parade and bake cinnamon rolls from scratch  i haven't watched the parade for almost 10 years 
"just got back from <propmale>    have some stories to tell, and some i'll keep to myself   wink  thanks to all for the birthday wishes!"
"oh homework, how do i hate thee? let me count the ways   "
sick  no pto  murder may ensue  stay tuned   
"brain just e playful loded  grey matter everywhere  made me realize i need to buy a new mop    until i found the floor cleaner downstairs and realized that i had forgotten i, in fact, had stairs  time for bed "
only 1 more day of this semester and then it's back to writing    only have 22 days to finish the book   
"guess who's done with class for this semester! \<--- this guy "
"guess who's going to buy a christmas tree tonight!\<--- this guy"
"guess who's going to possibly decorate said tree while intoxicated!\<--- this guy"
i have so much to do and i don't know where to start    it's ridiculous 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"new deadline: may 18, 2011  exactly 1 day short of a year since the writing began  so    yeah! writing  woo-hoo  go me!"
"the <propmale>'s speech = the best film of the 2010    thus far  still have many movies to see  (and yes, it beat out inception)"
i hope the person who invented the concept of working for pay died a slow painful death  i guess that's why welfare was created  damn communists 
"76,627 words and counting   "
"just watched the social network  ironic how i'm posting it on facebook    anyway, yes it seems it lived up to the hype  the best film of the year? maybe  winner of best picture at the academy awards? most likely  \\the <propmale>'s speech is still my number 1 though    i need to post my top 10 list!"
"when life gives you lemons, cut them in half and squeeze them into life's eyes    and then, while life is temporarily blinded, kick life in the shins and run away as fast as you can  i love coffee "
"haven't slept, can't breathe, head hurts    feel terrible  ugh "
"so i just used a neti pot  found out earlier it doesn't work if your sinuses are already swollen and stuffed up so you can't breathe    almost drown myself  anywho    after taking the meds, nostrils opened up a bit, and the neti pot worked! weirdest thing ever! i should post a video   "
still sick    still at home   
<propfemale> hathaway is <propfemale> <propfirst> (aka catwoman) and <propmale> hardy is bane in <propfirst> <propmale>'s final film in the batman trilogy: the dark knight rises 
"okay, feeling somewhere between 40%-60% better  going to drag myself into work tomorrow  i hear it's a nightmare right now    work all piled up    three weeks behind    oh joy "
i love <propfirst> bourdain 
severe beatings need to occur   
"doing homework on the couch  lucky sleeping next to me  suddenly, the smell of a fart that wasn't mine wafted into the room    spooky "
well    i'm up with what feels (and tastes) like a sinus infection  i cannot breathe to save my life  i cannot sleep if i cannot breathe  sudaphed doesn't work  nothing works  going to the doctor tomorrow  this sucks ass 
so this is what 26 hours of no sleep and not being able to breathe except through my mouth feels like!
diagnosis: acute sinusitus due to infection  fantastic! still haven't slept   
still can't sleep  decided to do homework instead to pass the time  i suppose i'll just wait until tonight to try again  32 hours and counting   
it's been almost 44 hours and i still can't sleep  the codine gave me the jitters  the antibiotics are upsetting my stomach  and the sleeping pills have yet to kick in    it's going to be another long night 
"so, yet again    <propfirst> <propmale> is snubbed for best director  what the heck academy members? you nominate inception for best picture and original screenplay and 6 others, but not <propmale>  but hey, at least the <propmale>'s speech got 12 nominations! that's awesome  social network got 8 nominations  will it still win? hmmm    february 20 can't come any sooner!"
back to work tomorrow  we'll see how long i last   
"well, i can breathe finally    well, sorta  the antibiotics are clearing me out, but now i've got nasties dripping down my throat  i almost puked all over the files on my desk earlier  this is so much fun that i can barely stand it!!"
"my nose hurts  i mean, really hurts  i just want to cut it off at this point "
so bored with people in general  does that make me a nihilist? or am i just tired?
planning to take a nap  then i need to go out tonight for a drink  any takers?
"just watched \ghost\""  <propfirst> swayze was so dreamy  the movie's such a tearjerker """
sooooooooooooooo booooooooooooorrrrrred         
i'm flying to neptune!
"the <propmale>'s speech surprisingly just won the pga for best film and the dga for best director - totally shutting out the social network  the sag awards are tonight    things aren't looking good for the social network \\btw - the social network and the <propmale>'s speech have been battling it out for the #1 slot on my top 10 for 2010    i still have a few more movies to see, and then i'll post it "
"writing! broke 80,000 words a couple nights ago    109 days remain until the deadline "
taking a break from work    working at home  yeah  trying to get this project moving and done right for a change  ugh 
my brain is fried  homework is going nowhere  everything looks like it was written in chinese  i need to go to bed soon 
i decided i'm going to save up and buy a really great hd video camera and film a movie this summer 
making clam chowder   
drank 6 cups of coffee at work today  i'm still shaking  i want to build a fort  and then stock it with booze and fried chicken 
going to <propmale>'s place for a drink around 8 smile 0  anyone wanna join me so i don't look like a complete loser?
i guess i'm staying in tonight  lame 
