a6ff7a1f755c7d6ae28ba2bf0e34f74e
"  for all the things i take for granted, thank you lord!"
eh  ill clean my room next year   
"man, i havnt taken a shower since last year   "
  liking her tomcat  purr   
  1) read bible  check!
  bank of <propfemale> online banking sucks!
facebook chat is not working! i am so mad!! wheres my boy? i could literally kill my boy right now 
  facebook chat anyone?
  mold me  sculpt me  make me who you want me to be 
  it snowd? what??
  365 days until my next birthday  smile 
"  happy easter! today is the day the lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad "
"  ah noh noh, miss  t-faux!"
"  i love my little brother, <propmale> thyfault "
  tgif 
  i have the act this morning   pray for me   
"  ohhhhhhhhhhh, who lives in a pineapple under the sea? spongebob squarepants!"
"  finally added some new pictures  smile  go tag yourself, im busy "
"dinner was delicious  i love these girls, and our waiter <propfirst>  wink "
"  with god, anything is possible "
"  i left my phone at work  sad  i won't get it back until sunday  but, i'm having fun in san <propfirst>!!!"
  im home and i finally have my phone!!
"  i just can't wait to graduate  its my fate  dont hate  gangster g, peace out "
is stressed out   
  i just moved out  im at my fathers 
  just ate at doughnut   with <propfemale>  smile 
  that's so crazy it just might work!
"  my song is only like 2mins and 10secs, but 2mins and 10secs of awesome!"
"  do it, i dare ya "
"  what are you talking about, <propmale>?"
is playing her guitar with her new purple chicken pick 
  stop hitting yourself   stop hitting yourself   stop hitting yourself   
  im always in the mood for a good burrito  smile 
  may 4th  laugh 
  what a freaking beautiful day!
  today is national day of prayer  remember to give him all your thanks 
  all beautiful for prom  smile  hope i make it to the limo on time 
  had a good night!!!  smile 
"  last day of school?   yeah baby, that's what im talking about!!!!"
  i'm getting old   
  <propfirst> hays is the coolest ever!
"  i had meant to go to so many graduation parties today  i was super busy getting my own stuff together    sorry guys  sad  see you all later today, since it is 12am "
just graduated  smile  thanks to everyone for their support 
  god has blessed me so much  smile 
just ate a delicious smoothie 
is in italy   
can't get enough of this salsa   
  mmm   sunburns   
  my friends are so nice  smile 
  it's definitely good to be back!  smile 
  going to a concert tonight  smile  text me if you wanna come 
  i literally just saw a yellow plane o o
  last day at papa murphy's  laugh 
  first day at work   talk about boring   
"  yeah, you'd like that wouldn't you?"
  best date ever!
is feelin' pretty darn tootin' fantastic!
has an obsession with crushed red pepper 
"  skating rink, 7 bands, $5, 8 tonight  smile  be there "
  i am the master at wasting time 
  i could easily do this every night  smile 
"  shopping with my bff, <propfemale> "
  you woulda hada been there 
  the concert last night was amazing! i crowd surfed  smile 
"  lamb of god, you take away the sins of the world  have mercy on us "
  what if i told you there's hope? would you believe me?
  sometimes we just say words 
"  maybe when i'm blind, then i can see "
  yes! dad bought chocolate soy milk!  laugh 
  laser quest + clubbing with the girls = one awesome saturday night!
  are you aching? yup yup yup  for some bacon? yup yup yup 
just had a good bike ride with <propfirst> hays  smile 
"  i see dead people   walking around with human flesh, and breathing "
"  god is good all the time, all the time god is good "
had a good date last night  smile  being serenaded and getting flowers was my favorite part!
  you've gone bonkers  simply mad 
"  dang, i was really starting to get used to the long weekend   "
is superlative  smile 
"  i can't see, or touch you  but i can feel you in my heart  faith "
"  he makes good use of bad scenes, produces life from a phase of death "
lake tonight! rock quarry at 8  smile 
  come to the donut whole tonight for an awesome comedy act at 8! see ya there  smile 
  facebook is for stalkers 
  copying isn't stealing  you still have the original 
  no e playful lanations &hearts;
  free awesome concert tonight guys!!! 8 smile 0 at the bandshell in el dorado  text me if you have any questions  smile 
  battle of the bands concert tonight in the y parking lot at 6 in el dorado  be there and support faux reality!!!  laugh 
"  maybe my reality is better than my dreams, maybe i'd rather stay awake "
  <propmale> harstine is awesome!
  i've never met anyone who didn't like <propfirst> wooldridge  smile 
"is being a manly man! she's taking care of the beastly animals, and killing vicious spiders "
  together we will make <propfemale> 
  last day of classes!!!!!  laugh 
"  guess who got an a in both of her classes this summer   me, that's who  smile "
  every night i sleep with a smile  god has blessed me 
  i get to see my daddy! just picked him up from the airport  smile  he was in australia 
  i may or may not have a sweet tooth   
"  some people say, \only fools rush in \"" but i can't help myself """
  my car sounds terrible   
wants to publicly thank <propfirst> <propfirst> mendez for bringing me a <propfemale> yesterday  he brought one to all of his female friends just because  talk about thoughtful  smile 
  already starting to stress out =s   
"  anyone need a general psych book, or english comp 1 books? i'm selling them  smile "
  kat: so i'm really looking forward to doing my own laundry  me: do you know how to do it yet? kat: know how to work a laundry machine? *laughter* well i guess that answers your question   
  don't ever work financial aid 
  this is not coincidence 
  driving home from my grandparents  laugh  i get to see my man tonight 
"  greetings, from apple world!"
is at the <propfemale> jones concert  be jealous 
is going clubbin' with <propfemale> harder  smile  p s  i never wanna see that again   
is having a good day 
"  okay, so maybe i am excited for school   "
  time to get down to business 
"  excited for the concert tomorrow  wanna come? 7 smile 0-11 at the bandshell, it's freeeeee  laugh "
had a good weekend  not looking forward to waking up at 6 smile 0 all this week though 
  guys on motorcycles think they're so cool   no matter what age they are 
"has a crush on <propfirst> hays     shhh, don't tell anyone  wink     "
  i havn't been in many tagged photos lately   i need to get out more  smile 
"  great weekend as usual     smile  i got some good friends, good family, and a good god "
   smile ) double <propfemale> 
got to eat licorice with <propfirst> hays tonight  smile 
  late to class because of a crappy printer and a flat tire 
  isn't life just peachy?  smile 
"  while eating my mcdonalds cheeseburger, i could literally feel my hips getting bigger   "
"has 193,220 <propmale> on my car  smile "
  and oh yeah  laugh  todays my favorite day  september 17th 
  is almost to the state fair  smile 
  hot <propmale> cafe at 8 smile 0 tonight! grab a bite and chill out to faux 55 
just listened to faux reality 's sample ep  you should too 
cannot wait to get a new car in two weeks! mine sounds terrible   
"just watched the entire 10 mins of javonte nikko <propmale> 's new video  can't decide if it was worth it or not lol  jk, love you home boi "
  walnut river festival tomorrow  laugh  come and watch the butler vocal music department at 11 in downtown el dorado 
  going to see @<propfirst> hays play tonight at the hot <propmale> cafe  should be good  smile 
  homework   
got her scuba suit for the weekend  beaver lake may be a little cold this weekend   gonna wish i was at the reef again  sad 
  just got my hs yearbook and they spelt my name wrong almost every time and they said i went snorkling when i went scuba diving   
  i would marry old <propfirst> wonder just to hear him sing 
"is headed to beaver lake for the weekend  scuba diving, fools "
  diving was good  excited to come home though  smile 
  too good to be true   
  getting my hair done tonight  should i go short?
  it's gonna be a good weekend  smile 
  tgif!  smile   smile   smile 
is hanging out with tomcat 
  popcorn is weird 
  look at the double rainbow!  smile 
  the bank is closed for <propmale> day  sad  i have to wait till 2maro to get my new car   stupid <propmale> day   
"  hear that? hear what? that's right, my new car doesn't make noise when it drives "
"  <propfirst> your calendars! october 29th, party at my house "
has some good friends  smile  gonna miss my brosef <propfirst> wooldridge  
  trying to get car insurance   idk what the heck i'm doing   
  <propfirst> hays is the cat's pjs 
"hey everyone! the bcc headliners entered a nation wide contest for nbc's \the today show  they announce tomorrow who made it to the top 4  if \headliners make it in the top 4, all of you will have 24hrs starting at \8am tomorrow to vote! if we win the contest we get to fly to ny and perform live for the today show! we would love the support so make \sure you tune in tomorrow morning for the top four announcement!!!"
  vote for butler headliners!
"  thanks to everyone who voted  i speak for all the headliners when i say, \we appreciate you!!!\"" congrats to the winning showchoir in florida!"""
  good morning krusty crew!
  the computers on campus suck 
  aw  sad  the pirate language setting is gone 
does anyone have a <propfemale> pack i can borrow for friday? preferably pink 
"and <propfemale> hansen are throwing a halloween costume contest and dance party!!!! you gotta be there, you just gotta  smile "
"  halloween party tonight!!! my house, 8 o' clock  text me for directions  smile "
  i was not worthy  but you opened up your arms for me anyway 
  halloween is boring when you're old 
can't wait for snow!!!
  i love my snuggie 
  i wish i was cool and ate fruit for breakfast   
  my boyfriend got me one dozen roses tonight  smile  he makes me smile  see? i just smiled 
is in kc 
"  1:58, 1:59, 1 surprise 0, 1 surprise 1   "
"is giving a persuasive speech tomorrow on avoiding underage drinking  so you can run and tell that, home boi "
"  i hate it when they test sirens on campus, its creepy "
"  i wanna move into el dorado this summer  i know that's awhile from now, but who wants to be my roomy?!"
  turn that frown upside down 
 11-11  smile 
"saw <propmale> wonka last night, and tonight is going with <propfemale> to see hs musical  smile "
  <propfirst> lopez is soooo annoying 
  just saw the best high school musical at valley center called honk with some awesome friends 
  i feel most <propmale> when i tithe 
movie night at my house on wednesday at 7 smile 0!!!  laugh 
loves <propfemale> harder so much!! i also love it when she takes pictures of me when i'm asleep   smile 
"  happy thanksgiving, you turkeys!!!"
  don't tell me what to do  smile 
  <propfirst> hays is the best boyfriend!
  ugh! im sooo busy!!!
  why does everyone have a cartoon as their profile pic?
change your default picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse and invite your friends to do the same  smile 
  woo! last week before break  laugh 
"  woooee, that was intense  laugh "
  thank the lord!
"if you're free friday night and want to do something that's free, go to the nursing home tour kick-off (december 17th) !!! i'll be there  smile "
"  i live with my dad but i havnt seen him since sunday  on a brighter note, i have a hot date tonight  smile "
"  best christmas ever, and its not even here yet  smile "
  i am so blessed 
  going to jacobs well  who wants to join me?
"  hey <propfemale>, please forget to fall down  hey <propfemale>, don't you go down "
"  happy birthday, jesus  thank you, god "
  i hate hot tubs 
  finally fulfilling my craving to watch dumb & dumber  smile 
  i don't really like kids   
  ummm   i thought i got paid today but apparently i didnt  there goes all the plans i had for this weekend   
"  i'd fight for you, strive for you  faux reality"
  what a perfect day for no school or work 1 11 11  i wished for this  smile 
  had a good night with <propfirst> hays  last night  smile  as always 
"  school tomorrow  sad  dang, i was really enjoying the break   "
  when is spring break again?
sooo excited to get <propfirst> hays ' birthday presents i ordered!!!  laugh 
  there's a <propfemale> sleeping on the side of the road  it must be really tired 
  i smile at the sound of good music 
  <propfemale> hansen would make a good wife 
  i wanna squeeze your hand at the sound of flat notes <propfirst> by the soloist on stage 
  gotta love that bass line   
  oh what a beautiful day 
  true friends are nice friends 
  i have a great guy and his name is <propfirst> hays  and his birthday is sunday  smile 
  we're different because we strive for true love 
  can wait to make dinner for my <propfemale> tonight in celebration of his birthday week  smile 
"  lets just say if i conceived a child the day <propfirst> and i started dating, i wouldve popped right around now  9 months  tmi? maybe "
  my door is not a jar  its a door!
"  today is <propfirst> hays' day of birth! he's a handsome, fine, young lad he is "
"  <propfirst> <propmale> - \so much cocaine!\"""""
  skipping class cause my mommy told me to 
  can't believe how lucky i yam to have <propfirst> hays  smile 
  i'm not as fun as i used to be   
"  my boyfran is weird, just like me :{d and that's why were perfect "
"  i have classes at 10 and 11  today i thought my calc  class started at 11, instead of 10  sad  i really needed that time   "
is having a good day!  smile 
"it looks beautiful out from a window, but don't be fooled! its coooold "
"  if i was a <propmale> girl  na na na na na na na na na na naaa  see, id have all the money in the world if i was a wealthy girl "
  going to dinner and bowling with my brothers!  laugh 
  i'm flooded in!
"  in soviet russia, horse rides cowboy!"
"  i lost my purse the other night  it has everything in it! if you see a big tan plain looking purse around, tell me!!  sad "
  yay!!!! my purse!!!!!
"warning: i may show up uninvited, eat all your food, and insist on sleeping in your bed "
  <propfemale> that i'm a <propfemale> 
"  believe me, god can change people "
  as i lay dying was pretty good  but im so proud of <propfirst> <propmale> for opening for them in nothing is everything  smile  my cousin is legit 
  are we fooling ourselves?
"  going to <propmale> productions presents: wild orchid children with orbs! tomorrow night! you should come too!! it's not too late to get a ticket, or you can just pay at the door  text, call, fb me for any info and i will hook you up  smile "
"  my man is performing tonight  man, i love my man performing   "
"  oh my gosh, i love chai!! nothing better than wasting time at mead's corner  smile "
  tortillas and sour cream tastes like bagels and cream cheese 
"  be nice to someone, and don't e playful ect anything back "
  you could have unlimited gas if you didn't drive anywhere!  laugh 
  my birthday is tomorrow 
  most longest boringest day at work yet 
  had an amazing birthday yesterday  thanks to all the birthday wishes  lunch with my family and a date at night with the wonderful <propfirst> hays 
  time to grow 
  i am a ailurophile 
  i'm not losing you 
"<propfemale> hansen - \i've been exercising every day   for the past two days   \"""""
  i miss <propfirst> hays on facebook   
"welp, just failed my calculus test "
"  after this weekend, i'm getting skinny!! diiiieeettt "
  weddings make me cry   
"  having a great time in missouri with my frans, but i'm really looking forward to see my <propfirst> monday  smile "
"  katie: \i have the best belly button in the world \"""""
  groovy weekend with groovy people!
"  11 months of, roller coaster   of loovve  we have our ups and down but we make it through  smile "
  just got done literally running back and forth across my house to get ready in time and e playful ress my love in the form of cookies for <propfirst> 
"  haay yah, hay yah  my boyfriend's back!"
  alright! who has a y membership and wants to go to zumba and step with me at 5 smile 0 to 7 smile 0?
  i'm spending waaayyy too much money  smile 
  he knows just what to say to make me smile 
pray 
  i think i have an irrational fear of tornadoes  where's my brown paper sack so i can breathe?
  i am a calculus genius!
"  dear world, every night i pray for you "
"picnic today w  tomcat, he told me to bring somethin & wouldnt tell me what he was bringin  i brought my famous quesdillas & he brought guacamole  smile  perfect "
"  its easier to go down a hill than go up  on that same note, its easier to run down a hill than walk "
  hoppy easter  smile  remember why we celebrate 
  it's not having what you want  it's wanting what you got 
  not looking forward to this summer  sad 
"  today was <propfirst> hays' and i's 1 year  i didn't get to see him though because of show week  btw, i have a ton of homework to do and finals to study for  i have an enormous headache and i think i have a ear infection  i feel like shipoopi "
  were just two totally different worlds away  
"  if it weren't for my mom, i wouldn't be here "
  i love my boyfriend <propfirst> hays  he is my lovely guitar man 
"  work day, 9am to 9pm "
poop
  pray the storm dies down  sad 
  i just want go in a hole and hide 
  i woke up and thought i was late for work haha  horseback riding lessons today  can't wait for vacation!
  <propfirst> should get scuba certified 
"  you'll never know when you'll go  so be prepared to say goodbye to those you care about, and be prepared to see our lord at all times "
lake party on thursday! hope y'all are comin  smile  west beach at 7 smile 0 
  i know that not all adults are mature 
  8 at the lake!!! time change 
  i hate getting beef jerky stuck in my teeth  i love <propfirst>  ha!
  <propfirst> is doing guitar lessons  message him if you wanna learn 
"  all you girls better be jealous, my boyfriend is the best!"
  i probably shouldnt work so much   
"  going to jam for joplin today!! hot <propmale> cafe, main st  in el dorado, 12 o'clock  chea dere  wink "
  were stuck again  planes are dumb  smile 
"  if fiesta mexicana was a person, i would marry him "
"  we are finally in grand cayman island  hanging out at the resort, it is beautiful  can't wait to dive tomorrow!"
"  happy birthday, <propfemale> harder!!! love you, sorry i couldn't be there   "
  sour gummy worms are not sour at all 
  me: i hate eggs  dad: that's why you gotta eat em!
  never put makeup on a peeling face 
played scuba-opoly last night with my family and <propfirst> hays on skype 
"  goodnight, last night at grand cayman  airport at 6am tomorrow   "
  sleeeeeeeep deprevation   
  pictures of grand cayman up  smile  take a gander 
  i actually have a day off at both jobs! happy freaking 4th  smile 
"  salad, fresh cherries, carrots, and water for lunch  yuck!"
  going to a faux reality concert on the 19th! you should tooooooooooooo  contact members of the band or me to buy a ticket  only $8 buck-a-roos!
  i have a stinking headache   
  my mom can dance  and my dad loves to rock and roll 
  does anyone need to buy a ticket for the show on the 19th at the eagles lodge?
poop
"?'  saw <propmale> potter tonight, loved it  you know what else i loved? seeing <propfirst>  he is amazing, the best boyfriend ever  i'm sorry this summer i've worke"
?'d a lot and neglected my friends and my boyfriend 
"  if you don't know god, he won't recognize you "
  i love thom thom  smile 
  ummmmmmmmm      faux reality
  i love being in a relationship with <propfirst> hays 
  i am not a morning person   
  the ac is out at papa murphys    it's gonna be a long night  
  with my love in little sweden 
"  had an amazing awesome day with my boyfriend, <propfirst> hays "
  going to my second wedding this weekend  bringing my hot date along with me  smile 
  and i think to myself   what a wonderful weekend 
  god works in mysterious ways  give a prayer out to <propfemale>  i'm glad i was in the right place at the right time 
  i'm at scooters in down town el dorado    you should be toooooo  smile 
poop
  i really don't want to go to school tomorrow   
"  spent all day yesterday with my awesome bubby, <propfirst> hays  we went to church, made lasagna, took a nap, and <propmale> out with beki keraly and <propfirst> hays  easy classes today  dreading tomorrow   "
  i miss tomcat   
  show at the bandshell tonight  right by the pool in el dorado  7 smile 0 and freeeee!!! you just gotta be there  smile 
  show at the bandshell tonight  right by the pool in el dorado  7 smile 0 and freeeee!!! you just gotta be there  smile 
  everyone needs to go to school and get jobs after they graduate high school 
"  oh, my, god  it is beautiful outside!"
