d14934b6062b3534e6ed818ece98fa5c
geezus! why do people need to celebrate new years as loud as they possibly can?
"okay, my internet is finally working right  i might be able to actually do something on here now  smile "
kicking butt watching jeopardy  would probably be more impressive if i was actually on the show 
i have been watching way too much supernatural lately 
just downed a 32 oz  raspberry iced tea in 3 minutes  think i might throw up   
"so, i''ve decided that i am going to celebrate my 18th birthday by going to see 30 seconds to mars play in medford on 9 23 "
"just spent the last 56 minutes watching a show about a psychic, and didn't realize it til now "
"so, i've recently discovered that my dog hates led zeppelin  he leaves the room everytime they're playing, but he does enjoy the song <propfemale>, by the allman brothers "
dr  <propfemale> westheimer is on the doctors today  she makes me feel uncomfortable   
is anyone else in love with <propfirst> <propmale>'s newly acquired facial hair?
yes! just got my styx tickets for friday!!!!!
how is it that every woman i draw ends up looking like a drag <propfemale>?
"watching a woman on tv compare gays to pedaphiles and adulterers, and waving her bible around like an idiot "
"yes! just e playful lained schrodinger's cat to my dad, and he didn't get it  then we started to watch ncis and they were talking about schrodinger's cat, and my dad threw his arms up in the air and stormed off talking about his brain e playful loding!"
"ate 4 pices of hawiian pizza, 5 buffalo wings, a big bowl of chocolate macadamia ice cream, drank two big glasses of root beer, and then polished it all off with a 32oz  raspberry iced tea  i feel fine now, but something tells me tomorrow i won't   "
"so, my dad just said that dingos are from africa   "
chickens at rest tend to stay at rest  chickens in motion tend to cross the road 
"i wish i was in coquille right now  it's so boring here! wow, that sounds so wrong "
"just watched bear grylls pee in the ocean, because he wanted to wrestle a shark with his bear (haha! get it!) hands, and then eat it  needless to say, the skark got away  there is something really off about a guy that will go skinny dipping in the arctic and use urine to fight a shark "
"oh my god  jackass 3-d  *sigh* that's it, i give up on humanity "
"so, i want to do a portrait of someone, but instead of drawing them, i want to make them out of legos  that would be so cool!"
"so, apparently my paternal greatgrandfather and his older sister were raised by a man named <propmale> clowers on wolverton mountain  when i found this out, i couln't stop laughing for like 5 minutes \\p s  if you don't know what i'm talking about, google it "
finally checking my facebook for the first time in a month  thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday  i wasn't ignoring you 
how can i want to see a movie about a bunch of owls? they're so mean!
"so, marrying someone that is crazy will probably make you unhappy  thank you, cnn "
"so, is <propfirst> <propmale> like god now?"
go green- pee in the shower 
"waited all day to watch the first 10 minutes of waynes world, and it was awesome! or should i say excellent?"
i hate burger <propmale> commercials!!!
why does the icecream man's truck quack? do duck noises attract children?
"wow, <propfirst> <propmale> sucked  how come we never learned that in elementary school?"
"damn you, fuzzy wall song! get out of my head!"
watching a syfy movie called blood monkey  it's about a monkey that kills people  not that great a movie 
"i kind of wish <propmale> zombie really would make a movie called werewolf women of the s s , not just a trailer "
"god, what is wrong with me  i'm watching watchmen and i actually like it "
"great, the movie we want to see isn't even playing here yet  now what are going to do today?"
"i feel so lame now  why did i paint my pumpkin that? it has nothing to do with halloween, and it looks like crap "
"<propmale> noir looks like <propfirst> jett  sorry, <propfemale> "
kind of want to throw up 
i really wish that grandpa wouldn't leave his underwear hanging on the bathroom doorknob 
"first mrs  cleaver, now mr  cunningham?"
"took gunny on a late walk, and he was so happy that he was finally going that he started dragging me down the road and i almost got hit by a semi  he's cute, but i want to kill him right now "
"gunny ran off today when i got home from\ school  found him stuck in a pond behind a retirement home  <propfemale> and <propfemale> had to help me get him out "
"god help me, i'm watching a countdown show "
can't wait to watch the exorcist tomorrow  have never seen it in a theater before 
"just listened to rock'n'roll high school, rock'n'roll girlfriend, and rockaway beach by the ramones  so, i really only listened to one song  the ramones music catalogue is kind of like schrodinger's cat "
"just got out of the exorcist  still laughing hysterically, and crying a little bit "
i really wish dad would stop trying to convince me to continue drawing  he doesn't get that i don't care anymore 
oh god  grandpa ate two bowls of beans and half an onion for dinner   sad 
i hate graphics! why did you leave me <propfemale>? they're all idiots!
masters of the universe or the breakfast club? i can't decide which one to watch 
ouch! i'm never giving blood at school again! my arm has never hurt this much after giving blood!
"great, dad and grandpa both think i should go to the emergency room  i'm not giving blood again "
"i have no idea how i didn't notice this before, but grandpa sounds like <propfirst> <propmale> throrton in sling blade "
went over to <propfemale>'s house to work on our government debate  didn't do a thing  debates are going to  suck 
"walked into the kitchen and there was a potato skin on the dinner table  no idea where it came from, but it wasn't there earlier "
"feeling a lot better after going to <propfemale>'s, and we actually studied for government!"
just had to pretend that the really nice lady dressed as a clown at safeway didn't scare the hell out of me 
ah! just got coughed on by a trick-or-treater!
just saw on tv a baby running on the beach like <propfirst> hasselhoff in baywatch  he even had a chest full of hair  it was possibly the greatest thing i've ever seen 
damn  grandpa tricked me into riding with him to <propfemale> point 
i can't believe i'm actually watching miss march  this movie is so stupid!
it's a great feeling realizing your own family doesn't even notice when you're around 
"just watched a hilarious video from the show the ocd project  a woman was convinced that everytime she drove her car she'd hit a baby, so to treat her, her therapist had her drive in circles while he threw cabbage patch dolls at her windshield "
"so, took gunny to the vet  today  found out that he is allergic to beef, wheat, corn, milk and milk by products, fleas, and me  my own dog is allergic to me  awesome "
"i feel like an extreme dork, but i really want to see tron legacy "
"great, my dog is leaking again "
no! no! no! i hate you new politics!
the sandlot is on! possibly the greatest movie ever made 
"holy crap  an hour ago i was extremely hyper, laughing like a demented chipmunk on crack, and crying hysterically from all of the laughing  my poor dog was terrified now i'm totally calm  i don't think i should have any caffeine for a while   "
tomorrow is going to suck so hard   sad 
i think i am going to start a new portrait  haven't done one in about 3 months   
"i just realized that my music collection is seriously lacking  i have hardly any <propfirst> sinatra or <propfirst> <propfirst>, and absolutely no <propfirst> buble  what is wrong with me?"
my dad just said that i sound like a man when i talk on the phone   
i hate it when i can't stop thinking about things when i want to go to sleep 
"today while i was in life skills i got to listen to a man with a strong indian accent talk to a boy that has a speech impediment  i felt bad, because i had to try really hard not to laugh "
how is it i always miss the first five minutes of fanboys?
oh god! gunny just went up to <propfemale> and started humping her leg! he has never done that before!
why are the neon trees freaking everywhere? it's wrong!
ouch! played the guitar for a few hours for the first time in months and my fingers feel like they've been skinned  probably shouldn't have started out with the spanish guitar   
awesome! i was sick at exactly this time last year! hopefully this time won't require a hospital visit 
"i must be really sick, cause i'm on a boy band kick at the moment  does anyone else remember bbmak?"
"so apparently when i get sick, cheesy songs from 90's boy bands are the only thing that will make me feel better  i have been listening to this crap for two days!"
"okay, what the hell is boogaloo shrimp?"
"thanks to <propfirst>, and toxoplasmosis, i won't be getting any sleep tonight!"
"dad's coming home, i get to see my cousin's two adorable little girls, i can finally breath again, and <propmale> potter tonight! thanksgiving is kind of awesome this year "
"dad actually brought with him my guitar from redmond, and i put brand new d'addario extra lights on it  love breaking in new strings  plus, i finally got the all that i've got tabs so someone (you know who you are!) better not chicken out, cause i'm already learning it "
<propfirst> nielson dead? surely you can't be serious!
"have you ever been face down in the mud, and been kicked in the head with an iron boot? of course you haven't! no one has! it's a stupid question! forget i even asked!"
"well, let's see  first the earth cooled  and then the dinosaurs came, but they got too big and fat, so they all died and they turned into oil  and then the arabs came and they bought <propfemale> benzes  and <propmale> <propfirst> started wearing all of lady di's clothes  i couldn't believe it "
"shoo fly don't bother me, shoo fly don't bother me, shoo fly don't bother me, cause you belong to my friend link    good catch!    meat group!"
"stop it! stop it! stop it right now! stop it! all right, no one is to stone _anyone_ until i blow this whistle  even    and i want to make this absolutely clear    even if they do say, \jehovah  \"""""
the goonies is forever ruined! thanks a lot!
"change your profile picture to your favorite childhood cartoon and invite your \friends to do the same  until monday there should be no human faces on \facebook, but an invasion of childhood memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children   smile "
"snapple fact! flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down! wow, that's weird   "
"no, nat <propmale> <propmale> stuck his finger in the pie and yanked out the bird!"
i am getting really tired of being groped during 5th period!
"wow, i just realized the my favorite band's latest album, which i have had for over a year, is basically a soundtrack to 1984! how did i not catch this before?"
oh my god  today is taking way too long!
"what? where'd it go? i just posted something, and now it's gone! anyway    i have a new favorite sociopath! sounds bad, but i'm totally fine "
don't close your eyes  it's impossible to sneeze if your eyes are open  open your eyes    you're being selfish 
"okay, i just walked into the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in liquid  not water, but liquid! it's gross, and grandpa claims that he has no idea where it came from!"
"cancel the cakes, <propfemale>, <propmale>'s gonna use a trenchcoat instead!"
"there are like, four garbage cans blowing around outside  it's like that bag thing in american beauty, only really loud "
"frick, no power "
just made two pans of <propfemale>  it should last 'til the end of the week 
"it was wednesday today, which was strange as yesterday was friday "
my best friend just violated me   
"okay, now i have to see the social network, because <propmale> reznor did the score for it "
"forced, reverse urination? that doesn't sound good "
i love wrapping presents  it's fun making them look pretty  coldplay is surprisingly good gift wrapping music 
"okay, i am in love with top gear (us)  a '71 cutlass supreme and a '86 pontiac fiero in one show? the colors are horrid (pea green and gold?), but the cars themselves are gorgeous!"
"\no! that was terrible! now the men are just punching animals! it's worse than before and it's in no way a good solution!\"""""
"i have been working on the graphics design for the last few hours and guess what! it's is really freaking hard to make a cool red devil design for lime green and traffic cone orange t-shirts! i hate graphics  actually, no, i hate the people in graphics  morons!"
"damn you, qwop! i get that wonky ass runner to go 50 metres, and i have to make him jump over a hurtle?!?! i only got him that far by making him do some weird hump thing! how am i going to make him jump?"
yay! hot chocolate and toast!
"watched last night's conan, and holy crap, conan o'brien kicks butt on lead! that was amazing! that was better than listening to <propmale> <propfirst>, or even <propfirst> mcfly!"
"been tracking <propfemale> for the past few hours  he is a speedy fat man  spent less than 2 minutes in <propfirst>, kansas "
<propfemale> is in oregon!!!! where the heck is newberb?
"it's christmas!!!! oh my god! i am so happy! actually, this holiday was a lot more fun when i was little  well, at least i get to see my family today  <propfemale> christmas everyone!"
christmas was pretty fun  loved <propfemale>'s rendition of <propfemale>'s believe  she was spot on!
i just found $5 in a pair of shoes in the back of my closet  wonder what else is back there   
"so, gunny just walked into my room  he sat down, bent his head towards his butt, farted, looked at me like he was confused and walked away  now my room smells like dog farts and febreze "
"so, tomorrow i am going to destroy my computer  i am tired of this piece of crap and have decided to just buy a new one  good thing that i have my netbook to get me through 'til thursday "
"geesus, colonel sanders was an a**hole! why can't we just watch top gear?"
oh my god! finally got to see tron legacy and it was amazing! i am in love with the soundtrack 
no! if your mother is in a park with a lesbian it is very much your problem!
"avenged sevenfold in <propfirst> on 2 13, and i am going!"
"avenged sevenfold tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lower bowl, directly across from the stage!"
geezus! why is it so freaking cold in my room? every other room in the house is perfectly warm 
a spinal tap reference in an episode of doctor who?! this show is amazing 
ouch! stupid guitar strings  my finger tips feel like they're on fire and look like ground up meat 
"??u??? ? ???? ?ou s? p???? no? ???? ???? ?z?l??? no? ??ns ?ou ?? ? ?nq 'p??s ? ?u??? no? ???? pu??s??pun no? ????l?q no? ?ou? ?\sorry, but i felt like being a butthead "
legs? yes  bowtie? cool    i can buy a fez 
it's a fez  i wear a fez now  fezzes are cool 
"just had a horrible flashback to 3rd through 5th grade, when all of my \friends\"" insisted on calling me <propfirst>  god", that was awful  i hated hayden brian sooo much for that  \d14934b6062b3534e6ed818ece98fa5c,"my graphix sweatshirt is awesome! the front is a little bit wonky, but it still looks fine "
"1580? that's alright, casanova doesn't get born for 145 years  i don't want to run into him  i owe him a chicken "
"listening to my chemical romance and it is awful  someone needs to give these guys about 10 bottles of prozac, some eye makeup remover, and a walk in the afternoon sun  cheer up you bitches!"
how can a movie about a homeless convict heroin addict be so adorable?
"what is with girls making duck faces when their picture is being taken? either they think ducks are attractive or someone happens to hit them in the face before every single picture of them is taken, thus the pouty duck face "
"dear god, what is it like in your funny little brains? it must be so boring "
"i said that she's got an 80's dress on, but an old fashioned lamp in her room  they're different words in a different sentence   "
"goth detectives! the mystery adventures of goths <propmale> skeleton (<propfirst> fielding) and macabre de coiffure (<propfirst> brand)  when the theme tune starts they run out of their coffins    weeelll not run, more like saunter  goths don't run \\macabre: \the goth detectives can get the job done in 48 hours!\""\",d14934b6062b3534e6ed818ece98fa5c,"\cable cars are fun - everyone gets on board and becomes a rhesus monkey \"""""
"\he's like a child dizzy on lemonade!\"""""
"finally got new cell service! at&t won't let me cancel my contract with them though, 'cause even though the account is in my name the ssn on it is my dad's!"
accidently drank my grandpa's real milk instead of my almond milk  gross 
"geez, when did linkin park start sucking so hard?"
"listening to sherlock holmes the rediscovered railway mysteries and other stories  the stories are really good, and i love <propmale> cumberbatch's voice, but i cannot get used him being watson  it's just not right "
"t-minus 24 hours 'til avenged sevenfold concert! probably won't sleep more than a few hours tonight  not because i'm too excited, but because i am a professional procrastinator and have yet to even start my government project, which is due next week "
new medicine blows 
"okay, new medicine is even worse than the new politics and the neon trees combined  they suck so hard i wish the stage would collapse "
"avenged sevenfold and stone sour were amazing! that was the best concert i have ever been too, even if the first two bands blew chunks so hard i thought i might drown in it "
"closing time just starting playing on the radio, and i am freaking out!  i love this song! haven't heard it in ages "
"it's weird when someone tells you something and it seems like it should be bad news  but really, it's more like good news  it makes you feel relieved, because you know things will be better in the long run "
no good has ever come from my love of cheesy 90's boy bands! i just got caught singing along with a backstreet boys song inside safeway   annoyed 
"well, today was less than awesome  the show was cool, and there was some amazing peices, but pretty much everything else sucked  especially swocc, cause i have to do that again next week "
at least supernatural is on tonight 
"aww, that angel killed <propfemale> collins  what a <propmale>  ah, who cares  he cried like a little girl  still, a <propmale> move                              i love supernatural "
"\you mix your wheeties with your mama's toe jam!\"" best movie ever """
is anyone else getting annoying adds on their news feed?
"nothing like deviled eggs at 10 surprise 0 at night  yeah, i am so not sleeping tonight   "
big wolf on campus! i loved this show when i was little! haven't watched it in years  almost forgot about it 
"i'm trying to waste my time by watching the news, but the news channels keep on wasting my wasted time by talking about that licentious piece of crap, <propfirst> sheen  i wish that i had the capacity to be able to love anything as much as that guy loves cocaine and porn stars "
the meter is running dude! crap or get off the pot!
fun fact! babies aren't dishwasher safe 
"okay, so rango was disturbing  definitely not a kids movie "
"you know what? nazis had doctors, <propfemale>! they had nazi doctors that fixed their nazi legs so that they could walk around being angry!"
why the heck is the thunderstorm warning coming up in only spanish? i don't speak spanish! the only thing i know in spanish has to do with moldy cheese and a bathroom!
"and god came down from the heavens, and he said unto \the chicken, \thou shalt cross the road \"" \",d14934b6062b3534e6ed818ece98fa5c,i love watching old 50's westerns with grandpa  he likes to have conversations with the characters  it's awesome 
gahhh!!! i am going to be so whack with poo brain if i don't get to sleep soon 
"$845,000 for a hybrid that looks like the batmobile? good job! anyone that actually goes out and buys that <propfemale> is a moron "
"somehow, the oneness of this shared e playful erience, the coalescing of millions of minds, had affected the randomizing function of these machines, organizing their outputs and bringing order from chaos \\it's national book week  the rules are, grab the closest book to you, turn to <propfemale> 56, post the 5th sentence as your status  don't mention the title  copy the rules as part of your status "
just chased my dog through the cemetery again! grrr! at least there wasn't a funeral going on this time  that was awkward 
"tales of girls and boys and girls and marsupials, tales of girls and boys and girls and marsupials dododododo   baba dododododo   wahwahwahwah baba dodododo   "
"i love listening to my infant sorrow album  the clap, man, that's like my childhood   smile "
my touch lamp keeps turning on by itself!
"this is my timey-wimey detector  it goes ding when there's stuff  also, it can boil an egg at 30 paces, whether you want it to or not, actually, so i've learned to stay away from hens  it's not pretty when they blow "
"so, the ghost adventure guys want to use the american idol contestants to piss off a bunch of ghosts? you have no idea how badly i want this to happen "
"got my graduation announcements today  they gave me about 20 more than what i ordered, but i wasn't charged for them  i was also given a rhinestone dogtag, instead of the senoir key that i ordered  that ticked me off  especially when the guy said that he'll \check and see\"" what i really ordered  i know what i ordered!"""
"my can of easy cheese just e playful loded in my face, and i'm taking it as a sign to go to bed "
"just watched the new foo fighters documentary, and am bouncing off the walls because their new ablum is out on tuesday  probably going to be on a ff kick for the next few weeks "
"the coolest time travelers are the ones that travel in a phone box  e g  the doctor, <propmale> and <propmale> "
"my mood just improved significantly, because i remembered that a new supernatural is on tonight!  laugh "
"thank god for youtube  even though being at coachella would be amazing, watching it live is the next best thing, i guess  the strokes on now, and she wants revenge later tonight, after kanye west, which i am not watching, and the duran duran encore that i probably will watch "
"don't make me come down there, boy, and put a dolphin suit on you "
"what? <propfemale> <propfemale> smith is dead? aww, doctor who just isn't the same now   sad "
"apparently, gunny does not like it when i pretend to cry  probably because he doesn't like it when i actually cry, and they both sound pretty much the same "
are your cats old enough to learn about jesus?
what possible downside could there be to getting 1 million free stickers? waiting the two weeks it'll take for them to arrive   annoyed 
"the new doctor who episode was disappointing and predictable  felt more like they were half way through a series, instead of starting one off   annoyed "
"not only will <propfirst> <propmale> be in the hobbit, but <propfirst> tennant too! as an elf!this movie needs to come out soon!"
one of the perks of having food poisoning is that you can stay home from school and watch torchwood all day  everytime capt  <propfirst> introduces himself i think of <propfirst> <propfirst> 
anyone up for a game of pelt the rabbit in his big white face?
"\there's no point in chucking the baby out with the bathwater \"" what the hell does that mean?"""
"go running with chicken  it's not racist, because white people like chicken too "
dammit! it's the quacking ice-cream truck 
obama got osama 
ever sneeze so hard that for a moment you thought you might pass out?
"given traditional islamic burial rights? i'm impressed  certainly more than he deserved, in my opinion "
does anyone else have trouble remembering who is hall and who is oats?
"i did get rescued out? of a pond, out of a puddle actually     by a starfish     me and <propmale> <propfirst> dyke were in a puddle, out of our minds, on meow meow "
"so, why does fox news spell osama like usama? i know that fact checking isn't really their m o  but still   "
"the greatest superhero ever! enema man: fighting crime, one hose at a time "
"yes, yes, i know, i know, very bad luck to break it, but look at it this way: there's a stroppy, homicidal mermaid trying to kill all "
"so, i guess i'm doing 17 credits next fall  yay     annoyed "
0118 999 881 999 119 725   3
"you wouldn't steal a handbag  you wouldn't steal a car  you wouldn't steal a baby  you wouldn't shoot a policeman, and then steal his helmet  you wouldn't go to the toilet in his helmet, and then send it to the policeman's grieving widow  and then steal it again! downloading films is stealing  if you do it, you will face the consequences "
"personal jesus! i love this song, haven't heard it in ages! i need to start listening to depeche mode again "
