4ed3dd3dd679d3814e36ef7fab8aaec4
you'd think i'd be sick of grape kool-aid by now
my friends aren't sneakery enough  no one's made a fool of me yet 
where do these bruises come from?
"it was a beautiful day today, also, i saw a pig roaming freely in the front yard of some trailer  stay classy, muhlenberg "
what a beautiful day! begs the question why i'm inside updating my facebook status 
"woke up this morning, feeling fine   "
nothing like blowing all your responsibilities off and sleeping in til three o'clock in the afternoon 
"goodnight sweetheart, well, it's time to go "
*yawn*
woah  dude 
que sera sera; what will be will be
i feel icky
i made guacomole!
someone should bring me two avocados  i would love them forever
thanks to 7arah for making this guacamole possible
"attics are full of wonders  and sometimes, thirty year old dog food "
rip <propfirst> <propfirst> dio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
smells like a giant donut
can dance a cajun rhythm
good night face book friends
wants a labotomy
is waiting for <propfirst> to get home so she can play the second boss in a boy and his blob  it's too scary to go it alone 
super fun!
my bike just kicked my ass
is sooooooooo hungry
anyone wanna do my homework for me?
has a brand new pair of roller skates  who has a brand new key?
me duele la espalda
hates research papers
finally made herself do her homework! yay 
loves to look out windows
what do you want me to do? to watch for you while you're sleeping?
omg
"you can see stunning beauty anywhere anytime, if you only know where to look "
*yawn* heat makes me sleepy 
is way hungry
fireworks are dangerous 
the millicents have nothing on me 
"hey mr  tambourine man, play a song for me!"
should a body meet a body coming through the rye   
goodnight facebook land  i am very tired 
sooooo boooooored 
my cat won't fit into his cupcake sweater this year  sad 
what a great sunday
i am finally done with this class forever! on with the next one 
it feels good to blow off homework  it will feel terrible tomorrow 
i feel icky 
"i kept thinking there was a persistent knocking at my door, or perhaps a rousing game of b-ball going on outside, but it's just my brain throbbing against my skull  yikes "
i should have been a cowboy 
yay i made a 91 in my digital imaging class!  laugh 
"\   i'm not as callous as you think  i barely breathe when you are near  it's not as bad when i don't drink  i think i'll wait another year\"""""
i wish i had another 45$ worth of sushi about right now 
potatoes
i knew a man bojangles and he'd dance for you
pump up the jams  pump it up 
what's your favorite color?
i know the evening's empire has returned in to sand  vanished from my hand  left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping 
kevlar doesn't exist  rule 34  prove me wrong 
is not failing her information design class anymore!!!  smile 
*yawn*
made a 95 2 on her information design test!!!
"facebook, i hate you "
never thought i'd be so happy to get a c-
i should not should not should not work in customer service  oh my god  people  for real?
left her apples at jax   sad  hey  lol  apple jax   smile 
sleeping on concrete sucks   sad 
i hear that train a-coming 
had the most bad ass dream about hanging out with <propmale> curry and <propfirst> o'brien at huddle house  lolz 
fvjksdavdsa;fnjksda;fvsda;fhsd;a  i hate you 
there aren't enough cigarettes in the world for days like these 
i'd sell my soul for a back rub   sad 
*cough*  sad 
who wants to take me to the doctor? and pay for it too???
i envoke the powers of fox mulder to heal me in this time of sickness 
"i need you around, lady  come back to me   love "
i'm a freakin' dragon 
