d6ea99b2727d19657c6ece8bb5f704c2
know anyone in the greater sacramento area?  please hook me up    going there soon!
rediscovering my favorite music!  hell yes to drowning out the obnoxious neighbor 
"looking for dog-friendly month-to-month rental in sacramento, rancho cordova, or folsom, pronto   "
"can you help us move some boxes & furniture into storage prior to or during the 4th of july weekend?  if so, please contact me or <propfemale>   ideally we need a pretty big posse all at once   much thanks!"
homesick and emotionally exhausted 
"according to weathermap, sb was 72 degrees today, sac was 102  *whine*"
concert in the park was lotsa fun tonight  am getting past the weather and realizing sac has many charms 
"how can i have a cold when it's 105 degrees? didn't anyone e playful lain the word \cold\"" to the bug? maybe i'm just allergic to something   """
stoked to be seeing <propfirst> and crew in <propmale> tomorrow!
boot camp is kicking my ass 
"if you like persian food -- or any food at all -- and you're in the rancho cordova area, try sharzhad    i had my tastiest meal in forever there last night "
"really, really, really contemplating getting a pre about now "
should have been asleep 4 hours ago
"built to spill, saturday august 22 @ <propfemale> jones in <propfemale> <propfemale>  who's going? lemme know  tickets @ clubmercy com   "
it's true: salinas is the salad bowl of the world  watch for falling croutons 
mi familia es loco 
o to the y 
"official late-night sick & tired feel-better soundtrack: broken social scene's \you forgot it in people \"""""
"work weekend in bako   no offense to the bakersfield residents among my friends, but it smells here like 700 metric tons of cattle poo mixed with a catastrophic oil spill "
gaah!  why do i always get sick at the worst possible times!
need help transferring files on a <propmale>  i'm in the salinas hollister area  it's urgent  ideas? thank you 
"disk drive situation settled  thanks for the suggestions, all!"
<propfemale> voce: the heat can melt your brain 
respect 
did you hear about the butcher? he backed into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work 
i wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger  then it hit me 
did you see the dog giving birth by the side of the road? a cop cited her for littering 
"i love the rain, but seriously now    for weeks without stopping?"
finally felt well enough to walk dog  promptly twisted my ankle foot so badly that i should probably be at urgent care  ouch x100 
it's official: i broke my foot 
"would like friends and family to stay healthy, please "
anyone got spare tickets for roller derby tomorrow 2 27 in ukiah?
sad lack of roller derby 
trepidation 
"from the ecstatic reports of folks at my office who did not miss the roller derby, there was no half-pipe around the track, so every time someone ate it, they took down part of the crowd with them  still not forgiving myself for missing it "
is spending saturday night doing laundry  wild and crazy 
a rubber band pistol was confiscated in algebra class because it was a weapon of math disruption 
"in one week: health care reform passed, student loans improved, key appointments made, underwater homeowners sent a lifeline, arms control agreement reached with russia, afghan surge ramped up   all despite total obstruction from the opposition   about damn time obama had a good meal at the taking no more shit bar & grill "
"the world of facebook friending is vaguely disturbing   someone adds you, and you have to confirm them to see a photo of who it is, upon which you realize you don't know them at all, and (feeling ine playful licably guilty) you delete them  strangers-as-friends and \deleting\"" people    it's like an episode of dr who """
"the only thing better than peeps is stale peeps  (fellow lovers of extra-chewy marshmallows, back me up here)  scored the last pack from the half-price easter clearance aisle  it's the little things   "
titanium spork  that is all 
could get used to not being poor 
"it has been brought to my attention that i \wouldn't f*ing last a minute in new jersey \""  i take this as a compliment """
are there any beaches in the greater eureka area where lots of friendly dogs roam and play?  my dog needs to meet some buddies 
"apologies if anyone got spammed by that stupid quiz virus thing  don't allow it access to your stuff    if you accidentally allowed it by pressing the wrong button (like me and the person who passed it to me), then go to account, application settings, delete to get rid of it  aaargh "
attn friends: i may be couch-surfing the first 3  weeks of june  am gratefully accepting (dog-friendly) sofa appointments  now  thank you 
"<propfirst> guerrero's \a little bit o' somethin'\"" is still my all time fave late night chill album   if you're still up -- it's late night   go download it """
anyone interested in going in on a cool rental house in sb?  or have one with an opening?
tired of being tired 
"if every day had today's weather, humboldt county would be a paradise "
i lost my phone   sad 
anyone read <propfemale> silverman's book yet?  ciaccio?  anyone?  worth it?
"in sb today, presently farting around @ jitters "
"bought used vw passat w under 50k mi  repaired so far: three oil leaks, one coolant leak, 6 spark plugs  next up: another coolant leak, two ignition coils, and 6 plug wires  unsurprisingly, the dealer doesn't seem interested in honoring the warranty "
"suffering the allergy attack from hell: after untold claritins, 3 benadryls & a cortisone shot, i'm still miserable   "
"needs to do more sleeping, so he can do less screwing up "
does not understand why anyone would stay home to watch the south african national vuvuzela symphony orchestra (aka world cup) on tv when the ***summer solstice parade*** is happening downtown  best people-watching in universe 
"who wants to offer up a truck and some muscles this weekend?  time to move the contents of the storage unit into the garage, so i can stop paying to store my junk offsite "
"my sister and her 3 kids will be visiting sb from july 24th to 30th, and i need a place to park them  anyone know of a house needing house-sitting during that time, or   ?"
the deveros are really good and i feel privileged that they practice in my garage 
"omg, high school reunion "
http annoyed  nyti ms cniivd
class reunion did not suck  money well spent  up with people and so on!
advice to norcal friends: do not do business of any kind with berkeley honda  they ripped me off and failed to respond to the dmv investigations or the better business bureau -- from whom they have an f rating  looks like i may have to <propfemale> 
"lovin' the new bbq   noticed that if you put the food on a little grill (such as a wire rack) and put that on top of the main bbq grill, it's much easier to remove the food   this is what we call hot grill on grill action "
"friends, can you do me a favor? contact berkeley honda owner <propmale> bienke and \remind\"" him to pay me the $850 warranty reimbursement he's been promising me for 2 months  cel: 925-323-3177  work: 510-295-1400  emails: timbienke@yahoo com and tim@berkeleyhonda com  let's harness the power of facebook to defeat shady business practices """
"friends, can you do me a favor? contact berkeley honda owner <propmale> beinke and \remind\"" him to pay me the $850 warranty reimbursement he's been promising me for 2 months  cell: 925-323-3177  work: 510-295-1400  emails: timbeinke@yahoo com and tim@berkeleyhonda com  let's harness the power of facebook to defeat shady business practices """
"anybody live in the berkeley area and want to visit my \friend\"" <propmale>?"""
tomorrow i will be in our nation's capitol  whee!
"so, beautiful san <propfirst> peeps!  i will be in your town on halloween   got any plans?  can i crash em?"
http annoyed  nyti ms cbpywy
i greatly admire my attorney 
pfft  oy 
