887de291017e13fe26748c8565ed9278
didn't send any stupid drunk texts  victory 
"new year, new levels of crazy "
 love 
is in new brunswick till sunday morning 
ba dm bahp ba ba dm bahp ba dm
just saw marley & me for the first time and cried like an idiot 
congrats to my little bro and the wths class of 2009! (god i'm getting old   )
sleep is for the weak
has a tummy full of edamame and a brain full of music 
omg <propfirst> <propmale> noooooooo!!!!!! say it ain't so  sad   sad   sad   sad 
refuses to believe tmz right now 
rip mj may angels lead you in
mj tribute for the 4gy! ideas suggestions ready go!!!!!
all 4 belskys + the hangover = win
why don't people want to buy my useless junk today?  sad 
"omg i break everything i come into contact with, but why god why did i have to break this???!!!! i'm going to cry   "
rjd2 is god
"is overwhelmed by reason  propellerhead's reason, that is "
all dogs go to heaven  rip <propfemale>  love 
tomorrow is the first day of the rest of my life 
just let her family's brand new puppy sleep on her for two hours before giving in and putting her back in her crate 
needs an external hard drive  real bad 
came back from <propmale> & busters with a fluffy elephant and some nerds ropes  win 
the puppy runs into walls and closed glass doors  we belong together  love 
who wants to go to the riversharks game with me next saturday?? let me know before wednesday!
 love   ny
is hoping her peanut butter chocolate cheesecake e playful eriment doesn't turn into a disaster   
drove today!
can parallel park 
can drive on a highway 
so many stories of where i've been and how i got to where i am   
"gave up on her phone  communicate with her on facebook only until further notice  oh, and meteor shower tonight!!!!"
never thought she'd wish she remembered how to use perl for parsing data      ugh
has returned to the universe 
has her drivers license!  smile 
is postponing her nb move-in till this saturday  see you all then!
just had papaya salad for the first time since she was in bkk     she nearly died and went to heaven 
"is there a \kill everyone's farmville animals\"" app?"""
is pretty sure she just heard a gunshot  welcome back to new brunswick!
thinks the lost confused freshmen are cute 
"shockwave auditions tonight! 9pm, hardenbergh a6-- don't be shy!  smile "
"be aware that what you <propmale> may not be worth catching  if you cheat for it, you will come to resent it  if you steal it, it will haunt you  what you work hard for may become the sweetest thing in life "
slept through her 10:20  sweet 
are you a female who loves to sing? tonight is your last <propmale> to audition for shockwave! 9-11pm in hardenbergh a-6    don't miss it!!!
is workin at the dcc again!  smile 
jah na va dow da no doh <propfemale> joh
is so happy to have everyone from last year back in her life again   love 
"is going to be awake for a very, very, very long time "
"doesn't think now is the appropriate time to get into <propmale>, let alone glee  when is she gonna sleep?"
"they don't know who i really am, and they don't know what i've been through like you do  love "
ravi shankar is the perfect afternoon snack
it was just another night with a sunset and a moonrise not so far behind   
all hail <propfirst> guinness!
is blessed 
just ordered her halloween costume  laugh 
sick  sad 
forever21 com
"i'm surrounded by dead and wounded electronic devices! sigh, i need a tech makeover   "
dude screw this typing challenge!!!
everything good needs replacing
"open up your plans, and damn -- you're free!"
hopes new york is ready for us tonight 
is thankful and understands this is a sign that she needs to grow up 
"needs sleep, it's scarce these days"
"isn't blowing you off, she just stupidly left her phone in her apartment "
i cannot phreakin believe this omg go phillies!!!!!!
thank you to everyone who came to see us sing last night! it meant so much to me to see all of you there!!  love   you all
just went back and read all her bumper stickers  hysterical 
is wired on abp coffee and ready to devour 30 pages of material 
phillies!!!!!!
isn't fuckin no turtles tonight
hopes her voice comes back so she can cheer her phils on tonight! game 6 baby!!
nothing's gonna change my world
13 going on 30  love 
knows what to do 
"to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield"
 love  rhapsody in blue
one nocturnal son of a gun (ba ba da da)
is thankful for her beautiful exciting unpredictable life and everyone in it  happy thanksgiving! in twp till sunday!  smile 
watching hook with the family     gotta love the holidays
"awkward - <propfemale> parks  a new apples to apples legend, thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> "
has no phone till further notice as a result of being her typical self 
"shockwave is singing tonight in the dcc, trayes hall, 9 smile 0pm! come get a preview of our epic winter cd release 5-year anniversary concert, happening this fri, dec 4 @8pm in <propfirst> hall! reserve your tix now, email rushockwave@gmail com with your name and how many student non-student you want  do it "
"what are you doing this friday @8pm? wanna be serenaded by 20 beautiful ladies in <propfirst> hall? wanna party with them too? reserve your shock wave tickets! email rushockwave@gmail com with your name and how many student ($5) or non-student ($ smile  tix you need  (please come see us, i will  love  you forever!)"
"is a muppet mess    but at least she has her phone, wallet, keys, and id back "
"this is my winter song, december never felt so wrong"
"is suffering from an acute case of christmas spirit, no recovery in sight until the 26th   "
work 2-7 smile 0 fml    come visit me please!
waastedddddddddddd
 love  iron & wine on chilly monday afternoons
(619): microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes 
how bout the power to kill a yak from two hundred yards away    with mind bullets??!!
lab report < sleep < aladdin
is not ready for her long day today
= caf-fiend
first all-nighter in a long long time  wish me luck!
wants to see avatar  bad 
 love  her muppets
has a 21-year-old little bro and is therefore officially old 
"feels like she's on vacation  oh wait, she is!  smile "
"warm, sleepy, happy, home for christmas  what more do i want?"
"is thankful for everything in her life this christmas  happy holidays everyone-- stay warm, indulge, laugh, and share love!"
"<propfirst> <propfemale>, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> <propfemale>, and whoever else: avatar tomorrow?? hit me up!"
"doesn't think the world will ever need hallucinogenic drugs if \avatar\"" is the future of cinema  go see it if you want to seriously feel like you're on a trip """
"is so quick, she's even fast    asleep!"
making pizza and garlic bread from scratch with <propfirst> krause  smile 
long island here i come!!
"loves you yeah yeah yeah, with a love like that you know you should be glad!"
black!
"life moves pretty fast  if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it "
"if you're a battery, you're either working or you're dead  that's a shit life "
go birds!
"feels a lot better after watching \up\"""""
back to the bruns!!! woooo!  smile 
"has a dead phone until further notice, message her online instead  sorry!"
"landed in <propfemale>, spain two years ago today, not knowing how much her time there would impact her life  where does time go?"
"still phoneless till tomorrow, bear with me!"
"new phone!!  smile  can't charge my old phone and transfer contacts for a little while, so till then i can't barrage you with texts unless you give me yo numbah     can i have it?"
"back in nb, for more than one day this time!"
hates garage band for ruining the past 8420984302820 hours of life  time to drown myself in the cure 
ever drink <propfemale>'s from a shoe?      laugh  back in the bruns after a crazy-fun weekend in mo'town!  love 
has no heat in her apt till tomorrow (cuz the d-bags downstairs never paid their electric) and wants somewhere warm to sleep tonight!  sad   sad   sad 
yay for space heaters  smile 
"peace, love, and shockwave"
 love  magnificent city instrumentals
"nyc spain reunion! what better place to celebrate the most beautiful six months of our lives?? two years later, and we're still family    i couldn't be luckier   love "
is thinking about cutting her next class so she can beatbox in her empty apartment for the rest of the night   
"oh, my life is changing every day, in every possible way   "
"is fairly certain of regular crack (and or human) trafficking on her street  new brunswick: home of the shady back window-knock, hooded backyard huddle, and unmarked van-hop "
snowed in    nothing to do but practice vp!
"for the record, i did not go emo! it's a pic of <propfemale> branch, not me!"
oh that sleepwalk should be over by now i know   
"god it just feels so, it just feels so good!"
"congrats orphansporks, so proud of you guys! my shock wave ladies should be proud of their amazing performance tonight too    we rocked it!!!"
is off to get some much-needed retail therapy!
is literally dying to know who her mystery honesty box correspondent is after his painfully accurate and intelligently crafted description of her most deep-seated flaws  she is both shocked and utterly flattered  who are you??
"and the lord said, let there be a snow day! and the snow came, blustered, and covered the roadways  and it was good "
drinking wine and watching <propmale> jr  we're not creeps or anything 
"ok, i'm just gonna go ahead and say it: i miss <propfemale> dei chorale    we sound better than you (and we always will) "
= in twp tomorrow till sunday 
this weekend needs to get here quick!
"take me in, into your darkest hour, and i'll never desert you"
hoboken!
baking is a form of meditation 
i wanna get down lower than atlantis goin toe-to-toe with an enchantress
spring  break   love 
"home at last, home at last, thank god almighty, i am home at last  smile "
is a cinnamon roll-baking machine 
"\i'm gonna kill that neighbor! do you have a gun?\"" -mom"""
"renee: \danielle    there's a problem with your lemon bars \""  me: \""what??\"" renee: \""they're *too* perfect \"""""
"strawberry pie < lemon bars < cinnamon buns  yep, still can't top those "
"just got asked to go to a frat dance in the middle of the library  hope it was a joke, cuz i laughed in his face "
"the heat is on and the stakes are high-- rutgers' shockwave hosts midatlantic icca semifinals!!! a cappella at its finest, next friday april 2nd! hurry and book your tickets online now!!"
"epic a cappella showdown right here on our home turf -- rutgers' shockwave hosts midatlantic icca semifinals!!! this friday, 4 2! get your tickets online today!!"
wants to thank shockwave for interpreting her arrangement so beautifully tonight that she cried  this is the reason she loves a cappella 
it's like battle of the bands    without instruments!! rutgers' shockwave hosts midatlantic icca semifinals!!! come see some of the best collegiate a cappella in the northeast face off right here at ru *this friday*-- get your tickets online today!!
happy birthday to my lovely cousin <propfemale> belsky!! two more years and we can hit the bars together haha  wink 
two days left to snag your tix online! rutgers' shockwave hosts midatlantic icca semifinals!!! come support casual <propfemale> and orphansporks as they compete for the last spot at the icca finals!!
"only three things in life are certain: death, taxes, and ru a cappella pwnage "
easter sunday  adc on my mind    miss and love you all   love 
it's always better to be a first-rate version of yourself than a second-rate version of someone else 
will be in beautiful boston for the weekend!
"is happy, grateful, and ready to take on her glorious tri-state weekend "
"26 dollars round trip to get to new york starting may 1st? this is crazy, nj transit "
where is my phone?!  sad   sad   sad 
shock la la la la la la wave
"sweet like <propfemale> to my soul, sweet you rock and sweet you roll, lost for you i'm so lost for you"
i'm falling to pie            
"hey what are you up to saturday? wanna hear some sassy ladies sing their hearts out? i think you do  may 1, 8pm, <propfirst> dyck 211  shockwave's spring concert  new tunes, fun show, crazy afterparty  don't miss it "
"wow feels like summer already    relishing the first day of may, then rocking out at shockwave's spring concert!! 8pm tonight, <propfirst> dyck 211, $5 student tickets! enjoy our sweet sounds and our new songs    not to mention the afterparty! hope to see you there  smile "
"using the computer lab for the air conditioning  there, i said it "
excited for formal tonight!
--->twp for mama's day weekend  smile 
was bat mitzvahed ten years ago today  where does time go?
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  love 
congratulations ru class of 2010!
best of luck to the red states on their sing-off callback!!
"is attempting her first lemon meringue pie tomorrow  if it fails, we're back to lemon bars  if it's a success, coconut custard pie is next!"
curling up with my book and waiting for the thunder
"cheesecake > cinnamon buns > blueberry cobbler > lemon meringue pie > blueberry pie > coconut custard pie > strawberry pie    to summarize my baking so far this year  question is, what next?  laugh "
"oh how you laughed at my complete lack of grace! but i could not recall a more perfect fall, 'cause when i looked up into your eyes it didn't hurt at all"
"<propfemale> shapiro, <propfemale> ostroff, and si am mese: we need a reunion asap "
"blueberry cobbler - gone  angel food cake - almost gone  strawberries and cream cheese tart - almost gone  <propfemale> de leche cheesecake and authentic southern red <propfemale> cake, coming right up!"
i just made the most disgusting brownies in the world and my family still loves them  i'll never trust their culinary opinions ever again 
"mom: \remember back in the old days when all the women were domesticated?\"" me: \""   you mean domestic?\"""""
"on tonight's menu: authentic polpette <propfemale> napoletana with spaghetti and garlic bread, and a surprise red <propfemale> cheesecake for my parents' anniversary  yes, everything is from scratch except the spaghetti, and yes, you can come over for leftovers!"
is blessed to have such brilliant talented friends 
decided to dump the matrix to live happily ever after with inception 
just made the most amazingly gigantic cream puffs ever! next time i'll know to make them half the size   
"went to her first dci show and loved it! touché bandos, touché   wink "
four-layer moist fluffy dark chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and fluffy peanut butter frosting    happy thursday everyone  smile 
"jesus this, <propmale> that, <propmale> hit me with a wiffleball bat   "
loves <propfirst> figueras for the giving the sweetest phone call in the world! when are we all gonna reunite and sing a mass together again?
best  weekend  ever 
i wish you could like the fact that someone likes something on facebook  is that too complicated of a feature?
"scenes from a double e bus      freshman boy 1: you're the beatboxer! me: yes, that would be me  freshman boy 2: i didn't get to see you! can you beatbox for me? me: not right now  freshman boy 1: but you did it in front of like 5000 people! me: b t sk t b t sk     you convinced yet? freshman boy 2: yeah i guess  me: good "
back to twp for ldw  smile 
<propfemale> <propfemale> everyone    may it be sweet as apples and <propfemale>!  smile 
"perfectly and speedily assembled a shelf all by herself, with tools and nails and everything! pfft, and mom told me to get a boy to build it for me    ha!"
baking jewish apple cake > organic chemistry homework
"but i knew that you, with your heart beating and your eyes shining, would be dreaming of me, lying with you, on a tuesday morning"
"just found out you can reserve machines at the gym in advance!! belsky, party of one, elliptical 4, reservation for 12:45pm every wednesday?    umm yes!"
ahh home sweet home  smile 
 love 
yummmm goldfish grahams! get in mah belleh!
"my oven clearly enjoys burning all of my creations, even when i set it lower by 100 degrees  unbelievable    sigh, i need an oven thermometer   "
shock la la la la la la wave
"wishes she was as cool as reneè belsky, homecoming <propfemale> nominee extraordinaire "
"you really got me bad, you really got me ba-ad"
beating this gloomy day by baking dutch apple pie for some special people   smile 
i reckon it's again my turn to win some or learn some    but i won't hesitate no more
my boyfriend has never had pumpkin pie  something has to be done 
arranging  forever 
i like it on the floor 
is so happy she could die 
has a job!! it's so true that good things happen all at once    loving life right now     love 
"how to ease your sorrows: 1 ) catch up on the jersey shore  2 ) arrange music like there's no tomorrow  3 ) look forward to all the wonderful things coming up, e g  first day of my new job  4 ) remember that pain is inevitable, but suffering is a choice "
"first day of work!! lunch shift 12-2 smile 0, dinner 5-9    then going out?  smile "
"\boys    you know    they grow up so slow  they're idiots \"" - mom"""
thank you shock wave for brightening my week as always  love 
+ <propfemale> mucciarelli + <propfemale> <propfirst> = legendary
"danced it out, got free drinks, won 120 dollars, met cool people, made new friends, slept for two hours, laughed more than i have all month, and got back just in time for work! funny how life is "
apple picking! streudel baking to follow  smile 
muse this sunday! omg!!!  love 
"'cause love's such an old fashioned word, and love dares you to care for the people on the edge of the night, and love dares you to change our way of caring about ourselves  this is our last dance  this is ourselves under pressure "
"take a deep breath, ready set go"
"my boss (with serious face): \danielle come here one second please \""\",887de291017e13fe26748c8565ed9278,if you ever loved somebody put your hands up
"poll: what are your essential dancing drinking party songs? list your top faves, i'm making a playlist for this weekend and i need suggestions!"
has party goddess extraordinaire si am mese to thank for quite possibly the world's most epic halloween e playful erience ever 
"\do you like smashing pumpkins?\"" \""i love doing that!\"""""
toxic + sw = shoxic?
retail therapy!
"for your kindness i'm in debt to you, and i never could have come this far without you"
"what are you doing tonight? did you know shockwave sings at rutgerszone! at the lsc at 9 smile 0pm?? beautiful women, beautiful voices    what more do you want?  love "
"fool me once, shame on you  fool me twice, shame on me "
every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end
my phone's dead so don't call me! oh and last night was ridiculous    pretty sure we initiated a shockwave cult following 
"it's a new <propfemale>, its a new day, it's a new life for me    and i'm feeling good"
is so excited to see <propfemale> martínez tomorrow!!!!!!
lunch with twin  sexy new haircut  leavin for morristown till wed  can today get any better????!
did i make weekend plans yet? someone remind me   
no! no more glee-related statuses till i catch up! gahhh!
"'i hate to break it to you babe, but i'm not drowning, there's no one here to save'  smile  thank you shock wave, <propfemale> bareilles, and <propfemale> <propfemale> hughes for helping me fight my battles today  tomorrow's don't look very scary anymore   love "
dreamed she swam through an underwater cave to an ancient meditation sanctuary where she could clear her head next to a gentle waterfall surrounded by ruins  then she realized her friends were there too and they had met a group of sexy spaniards    pretty sure heaven is just like that 
to the boys playing guitar and harmonizing beautifully downstairs    your voices melted my heart on my way out the door  let's be friends?
"\you can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore \"" -<propfirst> <propmale>"""
pacha
krause and garan are awesome!!!!!!!!!1!!!11!!!one!!!eleven!!!!
what the hell happened this weekend
krause=most awesomeness
"american girls are weather and noise, playing the changes for all of the boys"
"and what a beautiful mess this is, it's like taking a guess when the only answer is yes"
i'm probably going to eat again   laugh 
baking for some special people tonight  smile 
me: \mom," if you were a dog what kind of dog would you be?\"" \"887de291017e13fe26748c8565ed9278,"to anyone still awake: are you bilingual or have you ever dated someone bilingual? are you slightly bored? message me, i have a project to do!!"
getting into the holiday spirit with some peppermint ice cream and the hebrew hammer
i ate too many cookies
coffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffee
"what are you doing tonight? omg, me too! see you at the shockwave winter concert!    8pm, <propfirst> dyck hall, don't forget!! thank you i love you buh bye!!!"
"biggest words in my status cloud: \shockwave\"" and \""pie \"""""
homemade sugar cookies + epic denzel movies + boyfriend >> studying
i think you ought to know that i intend to hold you for the longest time
"finally has her itunes library back!!!! omg, life is friggin fantastic!!!!!! (today's moment of extreme elation brought to you by <propfirst> krause)  laugh "
sleep is the cousin of death  studyfest 2010
paramus!  laugh 
brb baking focaccia
"ah, i had forgotten how happy my cinnamon rolls make everyone  smile "
"goodbye nb, hello twp!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!! hope <propfemale> brought you everything you wanted!  smile   smile   smile 
"mom: \i can't wait to see trom tomorrow!\"" me: \""tron \"" mom: \""trong \"""""
brb bf
snowed in with my baby in good old north jerz  love 
carrot cake for <propfirst>'s dad  smile  hope he likes it!
brb mad men marathon
brb lbp2
wish #54923: there needs to be a coffeeshop in arc
omg how have i never seen the creme fraiche episode of south park before
my favorite getting-to-know-you question: which actor actress would you pick to play you in a movie about your life?
congratulations 2 7 11 for the fine distinction of official worst day ever
brb wow
i am loving the fact that my newsfeed is blowing up with nothing but <propfirst> j-related posts statuses!!! so glad to see she's gaining well-deserved rep!  smile   smile 
victory ice cream!
so my amazingly talented a cappella group is hosting the icca midatlantic quarterfinals @ rutgers university tonight at 8pm    if you're not there we're no longer friends  just sayin 
beautiful weather today! it's all the love in the air i think  wink 
drunk quest
coffee black and egg white
and i'm petrified hypnotized every time you walk by and i can't get you out of my mind   
"sont des mots qui vont très bien ensemble, très bien ensemble"
"sandwich you need to say, sandwich you need to say"
snooki's at costco today! my day has been made
"the best began when you didn't let me go, and my god i forgot what it's like to hold onto something true"
how have i never listened to <propfemale> monae??? been deprived this whole time   
my lab <propfemale> just made a goosebumps reference and nobody else got it    am i really that old?
\so i wait for you like a lonely house\,887de291017e13fe26748c8565ed9278,can't wait to go home and get my hands on some <propfemale> potatoes      laugh 
"banana chocolate chip cupcakes? muffins? well whatever they are, <propfirst>'s going to eat them all "
"why doesn't snl have a <propfemale> deen & sons skit? seriously, it's comedic gold"
crepes with raspberry preserves for my love  smile 
