ea9ff2c8a3a130e63c331e07c54aeea4
  taking suggestions for my naughty elf name 
smartwool socks 
was involved in a movie mishap    as a result has no phone access   please friends send me your digits!!!  i am lost!!!!!!!
gangster documentaries on history channel    yeah
what isnt on my mind??
"home, home again "
      who cares??
have mafia job posted on my wall!!
   comfy  surprise )
   is feeling saintified!!!!
      still smiling  ;0)
alleluia!  he is risen 
    it's on!! i have found the cure   running!
    red dress and cowboy boot mood   feel good!!   surprise )
     had an une playful ected adventure tonight!  thank you!  ;0)
      has the weekend off!  yooooooo hoooooo!!   surprise )
mr tone at the <propfemale> tonight    great show    don't miss it!
    great weekend!  surprise )
    this week started with a bang   surprise )
    doesn't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows 
yeeee haaaaaaw!!
my future's so bright      surprise )
"   in t-town!  \the city of champions\"""""
    no !!!!!!
    hard to say goodbye   rip my dear friend <propfirst>
    fortitude 
"    has a saturday off!   crawfish, music, friends and fun await     surprise )"
     loves <propmale> <propmale> 
    avoids cliches like the plague 
       fireworks!!   surprise )
    it's all good   surprise )
    thursday!!!!  yay!   surprise )
       doesn't wanna hear mustang <propfemale> 
     is shocked and awed 
poll:  run away with the circus or to alaska?
   sailing on my mind 
    the best things in life are une playful ected   surprise )
    trick or treat??  surprise )
      checkmate 
"     vote, victory, valor, variety, vacation ^v"
   you dont wanna know    lol
     he better hide where i will never find him 
     what next?
    just shoot me 
    grateful for the brave men and women who have served our country well  thank you all!
    things have changed 
"    gives thanks to god for strength, courage, wisdom and acceptance    surprise )"
hope i've harnessed enough strength to face the day  peace 
"     keep it loose, keep it tight "
   waffles!!  yummm  surprise )
congrats meridian high jv cheerleaders!!  2010 6a state champions!!
blue christmas
"lawyers, guns and money      w z  is missed "
    time is on my side 
   for my next trick i'll need a volunteer 
black crowes on pbs!!  yay!!!
"   is diggin this weather, feel like a kid again running through the mud puddles and gettin all wet    surprise )"
"kudos to <propmale> park mohr, honeyboy edwards and friends for the fantabulous tribute to <propfirst> <propmale> last night at the <propmale> center  to those who didn't purchase the big head blues club cd- order it!  great great great!!!"
"love 'n happiness    makes ya do right, and makes ya do wrong   "
i'm pregnant!!
prom dress shopping and cheerleader tryouts in the same day    whew!   so far no injuries!
