56c2964be1bd90da32c2a1c899fb80b5
thank god it's over  2009 sucked 
my new profile
"everyone reaches for heaven, but we all try to get there though hell "
i wrote and just finished recording an awesome song for a friend  double-d mcgee!
i'm not a fan of the snow   
"no matter how long the night, <propfemale> will break "
how am i unable to get a yellow egg in 10 tries if i have a 1 outa 4 <propmale>?!?!?!
"quote of the day: ben: nice  whoever creates these facebook apps is trying to flunk us out of school, and it's working on  you   "
it's easier to be what others think you as then what you know you are 
just saw avatar and it is sick as hell!
an original life is une playful lored territory  you don't get there by taking a taxi - you get there by carrying a canoe 
really sucks at staying on task and doing his homework 
in the studio recording when i should be doing homework  great success!
"i just found out that \how've\"" isn't a word  i've been using it since i can remember  even in english papers  this is disturbing news   """
book of <propmale> just blew my mind   
life goes on and we all turn to the timberwolves  oh wait  they're 9-36    so who's ready for baseball season?!
the world isn't just black and white  there is plenty of room for grey 
i have 4 extra wild tickets  anyone wanna go to a game tonight on me?
ddr rules!
"when dealt a shit hand, play it like a <propmale> flush "
brain fart  can't write 
anyone wanna go to a movie tonight?
no more writer's block!
"just had the best day in a very long time  in the morning i learned how to fix the headaches, after school went on trails then went free-running with emmanuil, then went to see kick ass which was amazing!"
an original life is une playful lored territory  you don't get there by taking a taxi  you get there by carrying a canoe 
"with all the damage said and done, we'll finally see how far we've come "
"i always wanted to be somebody,but now i realize i should have been more specific   "
i gotta stop staying up late 
just made apple and asian-pear pie because i ran outta apples  it was a bit of a stretch   
"the fire hydrants are open today for a good spring flushing, and i took it upon my self to zig-zag through my entire neighborhood to drive through all of them  woo! free car wash!"
success is only a byproduct 
i miss having a science class so much! english just isn't even close to interesting 
"dear facebook, \stop sucking "
everyone must dance to the song pata pata once in their lives 
party at my place  come on over 
going rock climbing tomorrow after making up all my saturday detentions!
"everyone reaches for heaven, but we all try to get there through hell "
i got the awesomehat back!
syphilis sucks   
anyone wanna go rock climbing tomorrow?
i just got a new phone so can you text me a message containing your first and last name if you haven't already?
"uhg, i had a tooth crumble dream again   "
today is just tomorrow's yesterday
my legs are so sore!
rock climbing tomorrow  you can meet us there around 12 smile 0 or meet at my house at 12  bring a swimsuit for after 
there's only one way to end such a perfect 4th of july weekend: a flat tire   
late night just isn't the time to try writing upbeat music   
"when i give food to the poor, they call me a saint  when i ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist "
<propfemale> mathews still needs to learn all of i giorni  soon!
my toaster oven just started on fire    and the worst part is it was the last of the chicken fingers   
one broken string can really ruin your day 
there is nothing worse than one stupid cricket having an obnoxious conversion with itself right outside your window  why cant a hungry bat or something show up?
recording a new song  still no lyrics  bummer   
is anyone going to wefest?
moving in at st  <propfirst> tomorrow 
i am bored!
there's a rock climbing club here! i want in!
dude!!!!!!!!
broken string and no car to get a replacement  shit 
i finally got you back son! <propmale> reilly was here!!!!
first day of rock climbing club was awesome!
climbing at 7!
accidentally locked myself outta my room when i went to take a shower and had to go to the grace (girls) dorm wrapped in a towel to get my roommates ket  i suck 
mrahahahaha gotcha again!!!! <propmale> reilly was here 
going to reel rock tour
st  <propfirst> is boring on the weekends   
you can’t test courage cautiously
mrahahaha i am good at this game! <propmale> reilly was here 
need my banjo to play mumford and sons!
i love <propfemale> mcneil!
<propfemale> mathews should learn oltremare  i would love her forever 
never thought i'd stay up til 4 smile 0 playing scrabble   
broke a banjo string    someone will pay dearly   
most stressful day ever   
gonna make cookies in the gracement!
i'm so sore from climbing last night i can't even play guitar  this is going to be a long and boring day   
just one more day of classes   
i was so sore last night i couldn't even hold a pencil    who's up for climbing saturday?!
i have the best mom in the entire world!
does anybody use <propfemale> on itunes?
i still have rope burn behind my ear   
i dislocated my finger last night climbing! woo!
time to start the worst weekend ever!
an all-nighter to end this dreadful weekend  yay   
just finished my paper! bedtime!
"pleaseput this as your status if you know, or were related to, someone killedon alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues to kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this     willyou make this your status for at least 1 hour?"
finally started recording again!
why are lyrics so much harder to write than music?
i'm getting pretty good at these all-nighter things!
i'm gonna play <propfirst> cash for a talent show    blindfolded so i don't have to see all the terrifying people!
climbing canceled this week?! noooo!!! this whole week has become pointless!!!
all nighter completed!
i have the best sister in the world!!!!  love you <propfemale>!
joedave ceplecha and i are the heros of grace hall!
<propfemale> <propfemale> teague is really amazing  and so is joedave ceplecha
<propfemale> <propfemale> teague amazing  joedave ceplecha and <propfirst> baden  are amazing too
hi i am cool
this was a very fun night!
this fucking english grade is gonna kill me!
another all-nighter tonight!
that astronomy final was most likely the easiest test i've ever take    yay?
<propfemale> is the love of my life
is doing it in the grace elevator
any reviewer who e playful resses rage and loathing for a novel is preposterous  he or she is like a person who has put on full armor and attacked a hot fudge sundae 
<propfirst> blattner is the best person ever 
"eat, guitar, workout, guitar, homework, guitar "
a victory for upfish!!!!!
school is snowed out for tomorrow! it's a president's day miracle!
buying the best movie ever! 127 hours!!!
no more snow!
why am i always up so late?
watching pirates of the caribbean   <propmale> bloom is so spicy  yuuum
"i have the best mom, best sister & best grandma in the world   oh yeah, best dad too    surprise )"
ahhh the 2 3 rule    flawless
"after trying for 4 and 1 2 hours to fall asleep with no prevail at 5 surprise 0, i'll just have to call it a loss  what a waste of 4 hours  i should just stop trying to sleep and take up underwater basket weaving   "
