1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624
i am falling for my ex again   this sucks  oh well   i get to see him 4 of july yay!!
duuudddee    lol i dont know why i did that  i guess i get it from my brother(s) lol  being bored   did you know emo boyz give the best hugs and kisses ever? lol i did!!!
chillin at home lol no parents!!  smile 
is soooooo extremly tired  parents got back from the lake and i figured out they might buy a condo down there so that when we go down i wont have to go out on the boat  i can have my own room and a indoor pool  get to go see seany(brother) tomorrow!! im s
is a little worried about a friend  oh well   going to see my bubba graduate basic training!!! yay  love 
just got into the hotel  im so relieved im not in that freakin car anymore  14 hours is the worst 
just got back home from goergia! that was the lamest most boring 14 hour road trip ever!
"happy birthday <propfirst>!!! love you!!! going to the park tonight for the greenwood days so, if you are going, see you there!!!"
is having the best   well one of the best days of my life! i love you all!!!
"i'm stunned  wow  that was so une playful eted  anyways, having fun! i was taking a shower this morning and draike(my baby boi) jumped in with me  talk funny! he is just a dog! literatly   "
"he's got somethin special, he's got somethin special, and when he's looking at me i wanna get all sentimental, he's got somethin special, he's got somethin special,  and i can hardly breathe somethin's tellin me tellin me that he could be the one  ha, i d"
is so tired i feel like i am high   not that i know what high feels like lol  <propfirst> and i went for a mid-night swim and we didnt have any bathing suits so   we went in our bra and underwear   kinda creepy  lol oh well
so confused   and in pain    a lot of pain 
"ok, im sitting here, eating waffles and my moms like \wanna go to the lake today?\"" and im like \""no!\"" and then she bribes me  is that even legal?"""
watching t v and playing with my puppy  i am so tired and idk why  haha my mom is still bribing me  i guess i should just give in  lol
liqued soap   on the babies face  hahahahahahahahahahaha!! ask <propfirst>  did you text jesus yet? hahahaha ask <propfirst>
"stop being a freakin kackajew lol ask <propfirst> not this crazy mofo  <propfirst> is trying to get me to spell cuss words here but its not working very well lol  hanging out with ojo, lol  we will post a video on here later so watch and comment?! no wait, thats a "
"sitting at home, missing him so much  wish it was sunday already, that way i could talk to him  well, going camping with ojo friday  12 or 14 mile canoo trip  we are going to top that thing so many times, i just know it "
"people are always getting on me about having 54 friends on here  i know i have a lot more friends on here, but so what? i dont feel like finding everyone i know just because i know them  if they want to be friends with me, ok  but im not going to waste my"
"i see him with another girl   and i'm going to let go  well, at least he's happy  smile  then   (metephorically speaking) im happy"
"i throw all of your stuff away, then i clear you out of my head, i tear you out of my hear and ignore all your messages  i tell everyone we are through, cause i'm so much better without you  but it's just another pretty lie cause i break down everytime yo"
justnnnnnnn is being creepy   well i guess thats himself  being bored and missing my other brother from another mother   ok not really but i miss seany! he called!!! yayayayayay!!!
<propfirst> is my pretty rave girl
sitting at home doing nothing   really bored  i'm so bored that i decided to do cart wheels which wasnt a good thing to do considering i just got home from camping  talk about no bueano
is sooooo excited!!! well   shouldnt be but i cant help it!!! even though its not deffinet   i might be able to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> this weekend! so happpy smile  i mean   ah screw it   i'm soooo happy!!!!
who else is on silver team? 1 hr: math lab 8 (suck at math sad  ) 2 hr: <propfemale> arts 8  3 hr: p e 8  sls  4 hr: early american history  5 hr: integrated science 8  6 hr: pre-algebra  7 hr: personal skills  i have fifth hour lunch  sad  that freakin sucks!!!! lucky i can eat a healthy snack in science though smile 
"ow   i just cut myself 5 times   it hurts sad  not it that bad way!!! i mean from shaving  well four 3 out of the 5 were from shaving, the others were from a knife i was trying to put away   i am so clutzy  annoyed  oh well smile  hanging out with <propfirst> this weekend smile  sooo excited!"
"i'm so excited right now  by the way, if your excited and want to calm down   dont eat 4 popsicles!!! thats all i got to say "
is extreamly tired  i passed out last night at 10:40 and woke up at 6:10 to take draike out  then went back to sleep  had a great time at the movies   probably one of my favorite movies in the world 
i feel different today   but in a good way smile  very good way  look up tonight by fm static  its a good song  not my type of music but i like it  thats just me though 
i cant believe you  but whatever  i dont want any part of you  go be with the better person  what ever makes you happy is fine with me  not even sarcasm  no matter what though   i will always love you  goodbye   
"ritengo che male di <propfemale>… vog<propfemale>ate perdonarme<propfemale> tipi… voi entrambi è gente grande… spiacente per rendere tutto così difficile  ti amo entrambi… anche se non <propfemale> conosco mikily, spero che possiamo essere amici grandi  (i feel <propfemale> bad   please forgive me you guys   you both are great people   sorry for making everything so difficult  i love you both   even if i don't know you mikily, i hope we can be great friends )"
so glad we can be friends  it would suck if we weren't able to be  like seriously!!! >_>
"-do you ever think, when you're all alone, all that we could be, where this thing could go, am i crazy or fallin in love, or is it really just another crush, do you catch your breath when i look at you, are you holdin back like the way you do?- love that song  kind of how im feeling right now "
"didnt get much sleep last night   i can't help but think that all this was my fault, and if it was   which it was   i'm going to fix it like i always do   texting   lol who wakes up to one of their best friends calling them at 7:50 asking if i want to come outside and eat doughnuts with them? i love doughnuts!! smile "
"jeez you're so over protective   oh well i guess  lets not talk about it anymore, please?"
"ti amo   not  hahaa  i got a hair cut, and really   im <propfemale> pissed off right now that i could care less what anybody says to me but really   all i want is to see my best friend again "
"i'm pretty much screwed so   yeah  well this isnt going to be a fun ride  at least i got myself   oh wait, that little shread of dignity was lost a long time ago so here i am   alone again  huh   "
"i feel like i'm going to throw up all over  thats how scared, upset, angry, sad i am   and its all my fault too  im the one actiing like the immature baby  im like a mother who cant let go of her son   im pathectic   and quiet frankly   im not okay with that "
"-i wish you were here with me tonight  tonight i've fallen and i cant get up, i need your loving hands to come and pick me up, and every night i miss you i can just look up and know the stars are holding you, holding you, holding you   tonight   "
"morgan   you know what to do, so do whats right  if you dont, ill still love you no matter what and i'll stand behind you the whole time "
"did i ever mention how much drama sucks  yeah, its not my favorite thing in the world  never has been  i'm so tired  annoyed   i feel like passing out right here on my desk  i guess i should go to bed and get some sleep   heart-broken "
"just got up about 20 minutes ago  pssh   im really going to die tuesday  5 smile 0 in the morning to wake up!!! i never got use to it last year, i'm deffinetly not going to get use to it this year   "
" annoyed  i miss him a lot   he said he couldn't make it a week   and i told him i couldnt make it a day   and look, i can't  listening to right now "
"-when tears come down, like fallin rain, you'll toss around and call my name! you're gonna walk the floor, the very way i do, your cheating heart   is gonna tell on you!- > smile  thats an oldie   but i dont care, i like it  it describs how i feel too "
"up late, being bored except   hanging with my homie <propfemale>!!! didnt go school shopping sad  tomorrow i dye my hair, ohhhh yea!"
"ugh   dyed my hair dark red   i guess its okay  lol <propfemale> says i look like im a vampire lol im so <propfemale> because i cant go out into the sun for long periods of time   its really gay actually  my stomach is killing me   ugh  well im tired and i really dont want to go to school in the morning, i mean im excited but yeah   im still in my pjs! ha! i wanted to spend the last day of summer in my pj's  smile "
"tonight i've fallen and i cant get up i need your loving hands to come and pick me up and every night i miss you i can just look up and know the stares are holdin you, holdin you, holdin you   tonight"
-yawns- jez   woke up at 5  so not use to that but i'm gonna have to get use to it real quick  bored and is acutally a bit excited to go back to school to see all my friends  just seeing people will be fun  i can believe they moved homeroom to the end of the day   they have serious issues if you ask me 
"ha, my mom gave me these big ear rings and they're hoops so now i feel like im in the freakin 70's so   yeah playful "
i wanna go back to sleep  surprise   ha i would throw a tantram to go back to sleep if i could  but i cant   so blah playful 
is tired  i dont want to get up tomorrow and go to school  actually i want to sleep the day away
"meh   ha ha! yeah thats right! i totally stole your word!! ha  ha! aw   its not fun anymore   sad ( well im deciding that i should starve myself tomorrows so i wont be in pain  unless i can get my normal lunch, a slushie  yum!"
im tired   i have no phone because the button that directs the phone thingy to go downward broke so if its not completely useable then i'm not using it  its a pet peve 
"i am a very lonely person right now  please dont ask why, i dont want to talk about it  i miss him lots and i dont think i can live without him  hes always been there for me since day 1 "
i am so tired  im glad this weekend is longer than normal   but not by much!! getting braces on thursday! if i cant even take spacers then i bet i cant take braces  but they say its less painfull   hopefully!
grr   im really turning 14 not 18 lol  i really have no idea how that got onto my <propfemale>  lol oops  got a new phone smile  yayayay!!!  love 
"although we do not live far away, although i have a couple of things i want to say, although i cannot talk to you, i wish you'd only knew, that i do   love you   smile  i just came up with that"
is so relieved that my mom finally told me yes! got braces today sad  only the top though  blue purple and light blue green smile  they hurt though  going to the west thingy tonight!!!
"grrrrrrrr  stupid life! ah! it always ends bad, doesnt it? i mean relationships  well not always, but some for stupid reasons  thats just me though "
my mouth is killing my   mouth  ha! that made no sense whats so ever but thats ok  im just good like that   at making no sense   which doesnt make sense either  im confizzled! ha fun word 
i am so tired  i dont feel very good either  may have a fever  im not willing to check though 
"is still up? wow    ha im still sick though  thats what i get when i have a disease  anyways, ive got a question   blue or pink? in my opinion, blue but thats just me "
yay school!! ha just kidding! what i meant to say was   yay friiiiiiddaaay!!!
tired  but i'm okay  waiting up for @<propfemale>  grr   i'd be in bed by now but oh well  tired and listening to music  not a very good mix 
owie   i burnt myself with a noodle   i know what you're thinking so dont say it  yeah   only me   smile 
6 weeks and 2 days until <propfirst> comes home!!!!!!!!!!!!
would anyone be mad at me if i   supposedly got a hair cut much different from the one i   um have now?
halloween movies are scary   but i laugh in the face of danger mwahahahahahaha!!! -pst- that wasnt creepy at all  ?
a little upset   oh well  i can deal with it  listening to music that rocks my socks off! ha wow   im so out of it right now   playful  warning of the day: dont mix pop rocks and skittles!!
"im so tired  ! i wish i was outta school for like   a 7 day weekend! ha! my pup is chasing his tail and even though he has it in his mouth, hes still chasing it!    i think he gets it from me "
"when life gives you the <propmale> to be with the guy you've had a crush on for years, months, weeks, or days, then take it  if you dont, you never know what could have been  it will haunt you for the rest of your life   crying "
"happy thanksgiving smile  one thing i am grateful for this year is that i get to spend thanksgiving with my whole family, mom and dad, justing, <propfirst>, and me smile "
"really bored right now, lol  hm, have you ever tried to make something rhyme and have all these words that werent real words? ha, i do that all the time "
watching my mom bake the best sugar cookies in the world! yummy!!!!
watching over my mom  she don't feel real well today 
"i've made up my mind   im gonna go! i dont like dresses, but ill wear one anyways! ill try to look beautiful!"
is going to the dance   im going to try and look at least pretty smile 
sitting at home taking care of sean sad  he gots a fever  playful 
sitting at the counter playing on facebook watchin seany play mycafe and let me tell you   there's nothing more embarassing then having your brother post something on his facebook about you saying something about your animal on petville scratching its butt 
is bored out of my mind  i really have no idea what to do  i dont feel like texting  i dont feel like thinking and   it seems to much like work to get up from the computer and go to bed    guess im spending the night on my desk  wink 
bored and pissed cause  we arent opening presents until after breakfest instead of 2 surprise 0 am  fml 
<propfemale> christmas! do you all have something your grateful for?
just got done working out  an man   it was hilariously fun!
happy birthday daddy! i love you! and remember   your wii fit said you were 35 and not 41!!!
nerf gun is to my brother as to nerf bullet is to my forehead  playful  the army taught him well   young grasshoppa 
only i would trip twice then wonder why   when both legs were in the same pants hole 
"bored  thats all there is to say  actually, i was <propfemale> bored that i beat cod: modern warfare 2"
"if you could give me a pill that could make me do that, i would buy it"
im am soooooo tired  third day back to school and already i want it to be break again   playful 
"instead of singing, \follow the yellow brick rode\"" you could be saying \""act sick and run away from the big yellow bus coming your way!\"" lol i wish """
"i am bored  sitting her with my friend typing with her  lol   so much fun  hello captain obvious, my name is lt  sarcasm"
ugh   what am i going to do  ? i have no idea what to say or do  maybe i should just give up an let it die 
 crying  i dont like whats going on  i really really dont 
we <propmale> did  smile  put that together! lol my daddies funny
hanging with my friends <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile  so cool!
bored  playful  tired  playful  probably going to fall alseep in social studies 
watchin the state of the union address  i think i could score some extra credits in social studies  what a nerd i am 
bored  playful  i dont feel very well  i havent felt well all day  gonna go curl up and watch t v  i got nothin better to do
in science doing a stupid project 
"i see your face in my mind as i drive away  none of us thought it would end that way  cause people are people and sometimes they change our minds  but its killing me to see you go after all this time    and i cant, breathe without you but i have too, breathe without you but i have too  (love that song)"
bored sitting at home with jussssssssssstnnnnnnnnnnnnnn  smile  lol
"bored    urg    hmm    something clever to say is    \why so serious?\""  smile  lol"""
i am so bored  playful  lol what to do    party!!!!!!!!!!
"got my hair cut today  smile  i dont know 'bout you, but i look pretty cute "
"they say that we'll never be accounted for in life, but truely    everything we'll ever do will account towards something in life "
how in the heck can i be cold and be sweating??? beats me 
"\you're a great friend but if the zombies come and are chasing us   im tripping you first \"" \""procrastantors unite      tomorrow \"" \""it ok i dont bite        wait thats a lie \"" \""what do you mean i have add? oh hey look!!! a butterfly!!!\"" \""i didnt say it was your fault   i just said i was going to blame you \"" lol some funny quotes """
ugh   who knew that love would suck so bad   but be as sweet as the first time he smiles at you?
this sucks   got home at 8 smile 0 to only get done with my boating packet now and i still have social studies   sooooo tired   
heheh   wanna know how you freak out mr haase? tell him hes beautiful  i would know  wink 
"if the zombies come after us, im tripping you first  smile "
"\the best quality about you is the way you can forgive people like its nothing \"" do you honestly know how many times ive been told that??"""
"brace face   ? i welcome that name because when the day comes of these bad boys comin off, your gonna wish you'd never said those things "
"yeah, i may be ugly and i may be fat, but theres one thing you cant fix   you cant fix stupid   laugh  ha, thats what my dad tells me to tell people who call me those things and boy does it cheer me up "
"when i was little, there were times i thought that you were my only friend  id get mad  then you moved away  now, im lonlier then ever and i could use my one friend back "
"you look back at when you were little, when you were daddies girl  when you didnt have to make hard choices, when you could wear a sundress and not get started down, but instead smiled upon  when boys still had cooties and girls still swang on the swings  yeah   those were the days "
dont you just hate that feeling when your perfectly warm then you get one <propfemale> little shiver and then your freezing?? i do!!
"have you ever noticed that when your looking up at the <propfemale>s and a shooting <propfemale> crosses the night sky, that you werent really looking for a shooting <propfemale>  but when you try and find one, you cant? pisses me off  "
"shawty's like a <propfemale> in my head that i cant keep out  got me singin like, na na na na everyday  its like my ipods stuck on replay  smile "
i cannot believe i just ran into an opened door  what is wrong with me?!?!?  playful  i feel so stupid
"i cant believe i ever doubted you, that i ever pushed you away when i needed you the most  i also cant believe   that god matched me up with someone as amazing as you  smile "
"lol my friend pointed something out  the song ima <propfemale> by the black eyed peas kinda sounds like, \applebees applebees' appl-appl-applebees\""  smile """
"i love you is eight letters, so is bullcrap "
"\may i have a coke?\"" \""is pepsi good?\"" \""is monopoly money good?\"""""
he told me i love you and i laughed and asked if he was serious 
"do you really know the muffin man?? wish i did, then id get free muffins  smile "
i am so tired  playful  lol this is the second day ive spent at home all week  ive been other places but home so now im relaxing and watching the snow drop which is ruining how the weather should have been  playful 
"snow is amazing, you go outside to build a snowman then you end up solving a mystery like scooby doo lol"
"its pretty sad when your friends look at you and say, \i bet you cant even remember the theme songs to drangon tales and blues clues \""    then you start busting out in those songs """
i like yooh  smile  is there really more to say?
"for one day, i wish guys could understand all that a girl does, all that a girl has to go through, and how much we really love you  then, maybe when we cry about you, you wont laugh to your friends about how idiodic we look"
flairs remind me of buttons   and i like buttons  smile 
"i dont wanna run away but i cant take it i dont understand  if im not made for you then why does my heart tell me that i am? is there anyway that i could stay in your arms? because i miss you, so so strong that it takes my breath away    smile  i love that song "
 love  hard to believe its already been one year since the first day i met you   smile 
was as red lobster with my friend and her family  lol this waiter was supposedly hitting on me  i didnt see it though   i think they're just crazy 
 love  the sweetest of feelings is not only loving someone   but having that someone love you back 
"i know that you get me into stuff, and i know that i take your crap  i know that you care about me, and sometimes you even sit on my lap  we lay down in grass, and look up at the sky, we make jokes about each other, and sometimes we even cry  i love the way you listen to me, and how you tell me everythings ok, but even when its not, ive gotta say this, i know ill listen to you, somewhere, someday "
lol cant spell you without u lol
dizzy and tiried playful 
"love me or hate, still an obsession, love me or hate me that is the question  if you love me then thank you! if you hate me well then *&%$ you! lol i love that song!"
map testing is going to be oh-so fun!!!  sad  not 
"i dont get why they never see who's right in front of them  they're always out looking for the right girl, or trying to get their crush to like them  and all along   you just wasted your time waving your arms high in the air so all you could get was, \were only going to be friends  nothing more \"" what a kick in the face """
"<propfirst> <propfemale> i love you, and i know i can be harsh  i know that i can be mean, but i know its worth it when i can see you smiling again  smile  i love you "
at my dads office  smile  its awesome!!!
"when my heart aches for you, sometimes i just push the feeling away  when my hands urge to grabs yours, i sigh and make my hand into a fist  when we are looking at the stars, my body urges to lay  but when those tears are stearming down my face, and you're the one that caused them, i know that your not worth my time if all your going to do is hurt me "
my throat is killing me and i cant breathe out of my nose!!!  playful  im sick and it sucks 
i can actually sing up to ti now without my voice cracking!!!! yssssss!
hm   i hear colors and see sounds  wows   
you stole my heart    so i stole your last name  wink 
we are like an equation    me+you(love)=us
"when you spill your guts to someone and all they can reply back with is \yeah \""       pisses me off """
mountain dew at 2 in the morning is woooonderful  smile 
"and thats what you get for falling again, you cant get him out of your head "
just another day       rainy and all   playful  who asked the rain to fall? they should be shot 
"i just might die if you kiss me  so, kiss me again  that way, i can die happy "
"its pretty sad when you pass by the cullens funeral home and think, \i didnt know they died \"""""
"i was talking to kenzie faith nitz today after school during practice when she stopped me mid sentence, grabbed my hand, and asked me, \we're you writing?\"" \""shut up       ima lefty\"" """
"i remember when you said always and forever, but some how, always and forever came to an end "
you know what i hate? i hate it when girls complain about guys throwing things down their shirts when their shirts are barely covering their boobs  its so annoying 
"i have a new laptop  okay, well a not-so-new laptop  lol  hamidown!! whoot!"
dude   my feet are in a cold sweat 
   i am now blonde 
"baby, you're so hawt that you not only sizzle, but the ozone layer just got really jeleous"
"what you've got boy, is hard to find  i think about it all the time   smile  your love is my drug "
 annoyed  it's summer   so why am i waking up at 8 smile 0???
"all the love that history knows,\is said to be in every rose \yet all the love that could be found in two,\is less than what i feel for you "
 playful  i was doing great with allergies   until now
ice cream is yummy  smile 
whats wrong with be random??
dontcha love blueberry muffins in the morning  smile  i doooo!
everything is more fun when your blonde  laugh 
"snow slowly melts into the grass,\i now realize that winter's storm has passed \i breathe in the sickly sweet smell of flowers,\and i feel the earths powers \instead of the beautiful white puffs,\and being alive seems to be enough \i am grateful to be alive "
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>       man!!! thats a really long name 
"you know what i like?  smile  bubbles  but i dont really get why they make flavored bubbles  its not like were gunna run around with our mouths wide open\ psssh speak for your self """
"i've got sunshine on a cloudy day  when its cold out side, ive got the month of may  i guess youll say, \what can make me feel this way\""   smile  my boy """
i dont care whatcha you say   im still where my puppy slippers  smile 
"i dont get why they just made a toy story three like 6 years later after the second one  same as the little mermaid 3 \ playful "
smores!!!!!!
"i dont always know whats right, and i cant help but be me  i can only hope that one day i'll be ready for flight  to spread my wings and fly far away, and be the person i wanna be, i just wanna say what i wanna say  can you except me for me, or are you going to push me away like all the others? am i that hard to see? please forgive me if i'm different, but im not sorry  i am glad i am different "
"statues can be loved too, you know!"
come on get higher loosen my lips faith and <propfemale> and the swing of your hips just to pull me down and drown me in love  smile 
"can i be as cool as the new sprint 4-g network phone? now that is some serious upgrading\"",2010-06-21 03:59:53""",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,is so estatic!
"black dress, with the tights underneath  i got the breath of the last ciggerett on my teeth and shes an actress need but she aint go no need shes got money from her parents and a trust fund back east  smile "
"\you know   your the creepy one in the scary movie that makes it out alive  did you know that?\""\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,(>'_')># i was going to give you this waffle   #<('_'<) but then i was like  (>'#'<) im hungry  (>'-'<) so i ate it  (>^-^<)
"the water was as black as a cloudy sky with no <propfemale> and no stars  it shone with fireworks, colors from blues to oranges  loud booms echoed into the night followed by another "
i broke our waverunner  playful   it has a really big hole in it 
playing majora's mask  smile  fun fun 
okay   im offically weirded out even more by my parents 
"i love how you lie to me and then think i'll never find out  heh all i have to say is, game on "
terrettes is a serious disease   but its seriously hilarious  laugh 
"i hate big feet, the mess with your balance  maybe thats why i test gravity a lot "
is feeling stupid  turned my dvd player on to watch a movie and it wouldnt show up on the screen  took me 20 minutes to realize the tv wasnt on  this box blonde is seeping into my brain and corrupting it 
eating greens is a special treat  it makes long ears and great big feet  but it sure is awful stuff to eat! i made that last part up myself  laugh  i love thumper
"\you want some altoids?\"" \""you have my altoids with you?\"" \""yeah theyre in my back pocket\"" \""then theyre asstoids \"" \""well   do you want an asstoid?\"""""
i love you  smile  i love you so much that i could just kiss you   smile 
babysitting today  fun 
party today  smile  super excited
i hate how you're always on my mind 
talk to the fist cause the face is pissed
accept your wife for what she is: a very big hoe
"im not here for your entertainment, you dont really wanna mess with me tonight  just stop and take second, i was fine before you walked into my life  cause you know its over before it begins  keep your drink just give me the money  its you and your hand tonight "
my dad listens to im on a boat   and sings to it too  help!!!
had the best morning ever
we have a giant fan we need to bring with us   or else you girls are gunna hate life
why should i avoid you and say i hate you when i could say it too your face?
weird is the new defintion of cool 
lol did you know there is a bar named bumps barefoot bar?  laugh  everything is 6 bucks!!!  laugh 
"blue's clues use to be so amazing  now, there is a creeper on the show  playful  what a douche "
going to get my schedule today!!! well hopefully they let me with out an immunization   or else im <propfirst> 
"1st hour: 9th grade women's choir, mrs  krinke\2nd hour: asl 1, <propmale> rasdall- master sergeant switzer\3rd hour: algebra 1, mr  krey\4th hour: french 1, mrs  begnaud\5th hour: biology 1, mr  vovk\6th hour: advanced studies english 9, mrs  mosier\7th hour: american history, mr  turner\advisory, mr  parrish"
"im freaked  so i had one dream about zac efron, one about the <propmale> brothers, one about <propfirst> bieber   surprise  it was the biggest nightmare ever "
"i wonder   who was the person who decided to squeeze a cows tit? i bet they were like, \omg white stuff! ill call it milk\""  laugh """
"thank you, <propfemale> <propfemale>  playful  you have offically got me addicted to california gurls and smile  oh and some country songs i cant think of  your such a quacker  smile "
"so, we made pizza last night and my mother forgot to take the cardboard off  so we tried cutting it and it wouldnt so my dad came over looked down and started laughing  we were like, what? and then he told us   and we felt like goobers "
bye bye blonde hair  laugh 
why do parents have to yell at you to wake on a saturday morning at 9?  playful  man   its still summer    
"some days, you just gotta be glad for what you are given "
"so, i figured high school would be scary, but its really not all that bad   smile  i mean, the only thing scary about it is its size  lol"
"quiet frankly, i dont care what you think  and if i said sorry, id be lying   smile "
im excited for school  smile  this year is going to be a blast!! hope everyone has a great year   smile 
"learned how to count to ten today in french  smile  took me from hour 4 till now but, by golly, i got it  laugh "
"okay, so, so (lol like that extra so?) far i've met really cool people   smile  nice to meetcha all "
thank god its friday!!!!!!!!!!
its funny how the people you love always come back when you threw them away   and give you another <propmale> even if you dont deserve to even see the light of day 
no one can see me in camoflauge 
thanks to the people who have made me smile  smile  you guys are great!
 smile  thank you to all the people who've told me to have a happy birthday  smile  you guys are great
" laugh  i passed with an 87% on the first try  smile  driving with people over the age of 18, here i come  smile "
"i've never heard of a kid who was like, \yay!! its 6 surprise 0am and i want to go to school!! whoo!!\""\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,"dont go to the <propfemale> mountain, <propfirst>!!! they will steal your kidney!"
is hanging out a lsn with my bf  smile  kickin party here!
   alright that is really disgusting 
 smile  ismile  a lot 
what is the point of a twitter? facebook is better
my tear drops have your name in them
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in the head, spin like a record, crazy on a sunday niigght  smile  oh you make me smile "
you make me want to shank your eyes out   playful  shut up already 
why? cause <propmale> <propmale> said so 
a man in a kilt holding a lightsabor   now thats something you dont see everyday 
i like it againts the door  smile   love 
<propmale> <propmale> once urinated in a semi trucks gas tank as a joke   that semi is now known as optimus prime 
"deep inside theres a skinny girl trying to get out, but i can shut the bitch up with cookies   smile  \"",2010-10-09 18:57:19""",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,"i dont steal and i dont lie but i can feel and i can try   a fact i'll bet you never knew, but to cry in front of you  thats the worst thing i could do "
slootyhooey isnt in the dictionary  ?  smile 
your tasting my rainbow!!
"your pmsing, arent you? is that just another way to say that im being a bitch?"
it feels like a saturday  playful 
does it make me crazy to talk to myself? only if you answer back 
sex is a sensation brought by temptation where a boy sticks his location in a girls destination to increase population for the next generation  do you under stand my e playful lanation or do you need a demostration
thats the chizzzzznet  smile 
"roses are red, violets are blue   oh screw this, im done with you "
i wonder if i cross his mind as much as he crosses mine   
"there is a point when epically epic of all epic fails become funny again <propmale> seyfried  lol wow, what a spirit lifter  laugh "
my dad took my chips away from me  wanna see a woman go crazy ninja?! take her chips  playful 
feels so much later then it really is  playful 
"i cant promise that i'll always catch you, but you can fall into me and i'll do my best to stay strong for you "
"dear math,\get to a point where i can actually use you in life \thanks   smile "
hey you!  smile  yeah you  smile  do you like tacos?
dont follow in my footsteps   i run into walls 
curled my hair today again  playful  hard work!
cookies? i think yes!
how come you're never on when i really want to talk to you?  love 
i hate the feeling you get when you just know that your not good enough for him
i dont think i'll wear a uniform tomorrow   smile 
"your awesome, i know   smile "
"i dont get why im doing this but, why wassup?"
i did not fart   i tooted!! lol!!!
"you really shoulda kept it in your pants, now im hearin dirty stories from your friends  maybe you shouldn't kiss 'n tell "
"i dont know 'bout you, but im ready to kick back, relax, and enjoy my week   smile  yay for thanksgiving break "
"ok, you try to mess my life up, you stupid girls  but honestly, my life is pretty good  so give me your best shot  and i promise you, i'll give you mine "
"dude, your eight layers are showin "
"apparently, math has no use in life  naw, really?"
my hair still smells like car oil  thanks dad   playful 
"i put your picture away, i wonder where you been  i cant look at you while im lyin next to him   love "
"im not a facebook creeper, im just checkin up on you buddy   often   smile  haha oh wow "
"i love you  love  \no, i love you  smile \oh shut up i said it first   smile "
"\shes team edward!\"" -edward-\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,"\knowing is half the battle\""\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,"i guess its bad to want to spend time with parents, so next time im just going to tell them that since im a teenager now, its genetically impossible for me to want to be seen with them "
highschool is for finding who your true friends are and for finding the friends you can never trust 
i am now a dinosaur  thanks <propfemale>  smile 
fact: you cant really taste the rainbow 
fact: hot water burns cold toes  playful 
fact: <propmale> <propmale> is better then <propfirst> <propfemale> 
fact!!!: its christmas <propfemale>!!!  smile  i hope every one has a wonderful christmas day!!  smile 
using my new ipad  smile  maaan never in a million years would i have thought that i would get one
"there are somedays that you just want\to go back and repeat "
a friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart 
of course my mom would beat me at just dance when a disco song came on 
"\i kissed bella   and she broke her hand    when she punched my face   it's all a misunderstanding \"" ha! i've never laughed so hard at a movie before """
 playful  this break is way to short for my liking  can we start over?
"\computer malfunction\"" more like operator error """
i think we should just have tomorrow off  theres no point in going to school for one day of the week 
\brianna," more laundry! come get it!\""\"1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,this box is suppose to be filled with something amazing  playful  well i can't think of anything so   rawr smile 
"today, just might be a wonderful day  smile "
 smile  jusst got my hair done  smile  finally!! yay!!
"\i noticed that all the coins except <propmale> are facing to the left  i guess you can never really get over being snuck up behind and shot in the head\"" win"""
"kill the lights; these children learn from cigarette burns, fast cars, fast woman and cheap drinks  all these aphicsiated, self medicated take the white pill youll feel alright "
"haha!! victory!!!  laugh  sprint, i dont have you anymore   smile  so i can offically say you suck!  smile "
nothing good ever comes without something bad having to ruin it 
"life isnt about just having fun or taking up responsibilities  life isnt about making friends or pissing your enemies off  life isnt about losing friends or making new ones  life isnt even about finding someone that loves you  life is learning from your mistakes and correcting old ones  but most importantly, life is learning to love what life its self has given you "
my dogs butt shakes when he walks  he's such a porker  smile 
even the perfect needs to be perfected 
video games dont make kids violent   lag does 
"pretty, pretty please don't you ever, ever feel like your less than, less than perfect  pretty, pretty please if you ever, ever feel like you're nothin, you are perfect to me   love "
"be who you are because in the end, your just going to lose yourself in a person you don't even know"
"behind these eyes,\and unimaginable world lies \untouched and hidden,\unscathed and forbidden \colors splash these walls,\like a rainbow of waterfalls \harmless visions of love,\move out to the world above \but only i can see,\these desperate eyes before me "
good job to the people who were involved in the musical! you all did a terrific job
youre my favorite person  smile 
"i was sitting in my kitchen with my dad and i was like \thats not a lot of bacon   \"" and he was like \""its quality not quanity\"" and i was like \""still   \"" and he was like \""man  rich people are so stupid  someone could sell them two pieces for 10 bucks and not know that theres the same stuff out in a store for 50 pieces for 10 bucks  <propmale> people are so stupid \"" lol"""
miley <propmale> really re-sang every <propfemale> has its thorn?!?! ruined  just ruined 
yeah   thanks  jerk 
"the sanskirt word for \war\"" means \""desire for more cows\"" """
ill wait on you forever even though forever is a long time to wait
"normal sad onforming with or constituting a norm or standard or level or type or social norm; not abnormal  welp, guess im not \normal\""   smile """
"getting braces is just another way of saying \i'm going to straighten your teeth by using metal that will make you want to cut your jaw off without quite breaking your teeth off\""  for real   playful """
"i hate how you make my heart beat and how you always leave to soon, but i love your smile and i love the way you talk  smile  for real "
like a boss
"don't be jealous  you've got nothing to be jealous about  you've got everything i've ever wanted, everything that i will ever need  your the girl im jealous of, the one person who has the boy that i can't live without "
just when things start to get bad  they get even worse 
"if you really love someone, you've got to be willing to let them go if their happy, even if it kills you inside "
"yeah, it's pretty awesome out right now smile "
you  are  amazing   smile  no doubt about it 
your hand was made so mine could fit perfectly in it   love 
wow your so mature  it amazes me 
went to the mall today with <propfemale> north!!  smile  i had so much fun!!
what goes up must always come down   
happy saint patricks day!! hanging out with one of my bestest friends today!
<propfemale> <propfemale> long i imitated one of your laughs today and my parents started laughing   smile  now you know im not the only one who thinks your laugh(s) are super funny!  smile 
i look up at that dark sky that is lit up beautifully by those <propfemale> stars and that bright <propfemale> and think of you   then i wonder if you're looking up at the same sky thinking about me 
if i could take every <propfemale> out of the night sky for every time youve made me smile than i would be holding the whole night sky in  my hands 
"when your with him, it's like it doesn't even matter wether the sun shines or it rains because as a matter of fact, he is the sun that brightens up your day "
"this is me swallowin my pride standing in front of you saying i'm sorry for that night, and i go back to december all the time "
"i would go through all this pain, take a bullet straight through my brain but you won't do the same "
i won't apologize for who i am 
we were talkin bout <propmale> dunham in 2nd hour today  smile  best  hour  ever 
i only like you when you give me cookies  smile 
i can't wait till tomorrow!!  smile 
"\your as blind as a dog\""\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,"\how do you bake a poster?\""- allyssa dejarnette\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,you are the thunder and i am the lightning 
"you're so hypnotizing, could you be the devil? could you be an angel? your touch magnetizing, feels like i am floating, leaves my body glowing "
you're so far away but so close
"\eyeballsac\""\",1293785c193dbb97fdedd2e5d3843624,so raise your glass if you are wrong in all the right ways  my glass is empty  that sucks  lol
"oh joy  oklahoma   well apart from probably getting sick, i know i get to miss school and <propfemale> out with a bunch of friends!!  laugh "
just got home   playful  thanks bus for driving me home even though you sucked 
i wish it was saturday again
tonight im lovin you  love 
shoulda known you was trouble from first kiss
60 degrees and sunny   then why am i so freakin cold?!?!
i hate pizza shoppe  eww   playful 
"dear those stupid fences with spikes on them-\you really suck  thanks for scratching me today \\<propfemale>  smile "
"baby tonight, the dj got us fallin in love again "
some things arent meant to be  we are one of them 
in the arms of the angel fly away from here  from this dark cold hotel room and the endlessness that you feel 
"never had i imagened living without your smile  feeling and knowin you hear me, it keeps me alive, so alive "
if love is so good why does it hurt so bad
trying to forget someone you love is like trying to say youve never met
"at this point, what does easter matter when he needs us more? he doesnt deserve to be treated that way   hold on, we'll be there "
what a long trip  playful 
i guess i'm just not open enough for you 
i figured out that my dog doesn't take a treat unless he does something right 
"we had it, we lost it, and to where it went i have no clue "
"i no longer believe in what my mind tries to persuade me to do, but instead i believe in my heart to do what i know is right "
"never sell your heart to a boy, it will just end up getting crushed "
all this pain and suffering for something so great it could have lasted a life time   
"what hurt the most, was being so close  having so much to say, then watching you walk away  then never knowing, what could have been   not seeing that in loving you, is what i was trying to do "
