139c72186db9c1a15421f16df6420142
hey guys! my old account decided that it didnt every want me to go on again!! so this is my new account! have others add me smile 
you can't control everything that happens in life    you can only take what each day gives you and try to move on to the next day as the good person you are 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments "
why can't weekends last forever???
so happy my parents are once again coming to see me play smile  i wish i could show them how much i love them to death!! now i just gotta make it the frozen four so my whole family can see me!!!  love  you all!!
leavin' today to head to providence to go to the banquet & than big game tomar at noon!!!
going to the finals tomar at 12 smile 0 vs  bu!!!
i can't believe everything ended so early     especially when we had something so special this year!! i love you seniors so much it will never be the same with out you!!!
enjoying myself at the garcias house in canada!!!
just saw remember me and omg loved it!! great story!
folding laundry    and now unsure what to do with my life! i miss skating sad 
normal college student go out and party      but me and my roommates    we stay in and clean!!!! whats wrong with this picture???
great first 6a m  work    already look like a freak when a walk smile  love that feeling!! good job everyone!
wow i love my life    sitting around with roommates making many notes with the greatest person alive sami <propfemale>!!!
another great 6a m  work out again!! good job girls! ready for the day now!!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> is the \smartest\"" person everrrrrrr!!!"""
just saw <propfemale> johanson live and she was f***in great!!! i love the old lady smile 
"\i tamborined her right in the face!!\"" <propfemale> <propfirst> hahaha"""
"\<propfemale> moore is being very <propfemale> moorish\"" announcer    really <propfemale> has her own word    moorish!!! haha go uconnn!!"""
champs once again    no big deal!! uconn you the shit!! <propfemale>     you my girl!!!
another national championship thanks to our ladies and a very <propfemale> day    what else could i ask for???
cant wait for my 6am workout with mo yayayayay than drink all weekend!! sun please come out!!!
pub crawl with the girls!! thirsty   teds   here i come!!
the twins beat the red sox!!!!!! yayyyyy
if i could have any power    i would read minds cuz people are so damn hard to read sometimes!!!
spring weekend    please just come!!
i can't get really drunk cuz i dance alot     that ='s jeans ripped in the ass!!!
i am offically done with school this week    hand ball at 6 am tomar    and than starting drinking at 9a m  woop woop gotta love spring weekend!!!
"wow great weekend!! carriage thurs night, 6am work out drink from 1 til 3 in the morn    get up at 7 smile 0 for kegs & eggs head to beer bash right after    tiffs bbq and and than wonder through storrs ct til 3am again!! thats what uconn huskies do!"
2 more weeks of school thank god!! lets just get it over with!
i will officially be attending game 7: capitals vs  the habs on wed!!! ovechkin here i come    bring me the win baby!!!!
leavin' now for the big game tonight!! let's go capitals!!!!!
i think its funny when people hook up when drunk!!! gross when they do it front of others!!
done with classes yayyyyyy!!
mcd's was sooooooo amazing smile 
can't believe how hard im working for finals right now  ?!?! weird lol
i have concentration issues!! i hate you finals!!!
1 exam down 2 more to go!! just be over already smile 
liar liar liar i hate liars
offically done!!! asl monday tho!!! fml
at work than heading to my big softball game!!! than time to study for asl baby smile 
sooooooo tired frowny 
omg grey's is nuts
just got my first tattoo!! love it!! so happy!!
wow    i should have not had five beavers last night!!
coming home for the 4th!!!! can't wait to see my lovely friends and beautiful family!!!
just one more day smile  can't wait!!
although i'm excited to go home tomar     twilight eclipse comes first!! woop woop
although i'm excited to go home tomar     twilight eclipse comes first!! woop woop <propfirst> here i come love 
finally home!! and loving my family and friends smile 
it was great seeing my favorite family in the world    gotta love the pull tabs!! now heading to the cabin love 
going back to uconn    wont be back til the end of the month smile  <propfemale> can't wait to you wink  haha
people can bring you down but that doesn't mean you have to stay down    tomorrow is new day back to training and time to get serious and <propmale> dreams
screw you    i'm going to move on and enjoy life    if you can't take it that's to bad you made the first mistake!!
<propmale> here i come smile  cant wait to see you sing your lil heart out to me!!!!
can't wait to see <propfemale> kretovics skate tonight!!!!!
can't wait to see two of my favorite people this weekend     sami <propfemale> & brayden krusch
never going out with <propfemale> kretovics     she doesn't follow the rules we make when going out!!!!!
can't believe i'll be 21 by the end of tomar!!!
going to start my pregaming and off to the bar to celebrate smile  less than 5 hours!!
"intermural softball champs, my birthday, teds tonight, home tomar to celebrate      what else can i ask for???                  thanks for the bday wishes everyone also love you all smile "
flying home at 2 today!!! can't wait to see everyone smile 
just went rollerblading    now going to go skating with my brother smile  yay
wow     good workout   now hanging out with my girls smile   love  home!!
about to play bingo   with a few beers gotta love life smile 
one day down at national camp    now i can't wait to get on the ice smile 
skate at 2 and than done for the day!! yay!
is bored   
finally saw the new twins field with the family!!! god i'm sad i have to leave them already on friday!!
leaving for uconn tomar morning    yay
so far   a pretty good first day of school!!! i am offically a <propmale> and still wondering how i'm still here lol
"\this beat was bubble gum    so i had to chew it!\"""""
just wants the weekend to come   
<propfemale> schleper is tooooo good to me!! wow i miss my pumpkin soooo much!!
working on building a relationship with god!! thanks pumpkin!!
great afternoon at the team picnic    now movie night with some of the girls!!
wow let the weekend get here soon!!
"\delight yourself in the lord and he will give you the desires of your heart \"""""
"sami <propfemale> and i offically completed day 2 workout    jump roping(skipping), arm bridge, toe touches, and 6 pyramid abs!! 6 pack here we come!"
all my classes were cancelled today and still in bed loving life!!
game day!! home opener vs  unh!! lets go huskies!!
i'm coming back to mn for good!! can't wait to see everyone!!
wishes each individual came with a <propmale> on life
just painted my room today! loving my family and home smile 
"every person has 1000 wishes  a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as their status, but i know that my friends will be one of the 3% who will put this as their status, at least for an hour, in honor of those who died because of cancer, or are battling against it "
i had a great halloween with my fellow goddesses at stout looking forward to another party on saturday night smile 
"wow   hated yardwork when i had to do it growing up, but just enjoyed working with nate all day in beautiful weather!! it looks great which makes it rewarding at the end of the day wink "
"believes\in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put\this on their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of\your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of\heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not\   afraid   show it: repost!"
job searching suuucks!! but soon should have one!! lots of work to do tomar smile 
"work tomar, than working out, and than watching dancing with the starts with my favorite auntie wink "
sooo proud of my lil bro <propfemale>!! they made it the ship and will be taking it this sat!!!
it was a great thanksgiving week    maybe have partied a lil to much but so worth it and so proud of my brother making it soooo far!! love you <propmale> you make me sooo proud to be your sister wink 
gotta love going to work    yuck
besides having my car towed and paying to get it out of the impound lot    i would have to say my night with the girls was pretty great smile 
just got with one job and now heading to another in two hours!!!
just competed all my xmas shopping at kohls    spent $700   saved over a thousand   plus they gave me $90 to spend before xmas!!! great day!! and it gets better    going to stout to see all my favorite ladies to have an ugly xmas sweater party    and snow storm on the way!!! yay
"i hate <propfirst> i'm so happy to see <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>!!!!! love all you girls!!!!"
"life is always full of surprises    some good some bad, but it shows true character in how you handle those surprises!! i did quite well this weekend!! it's funny how you can grow each and every day you breath!"
it's a great feeling when giving   way better than receiving!!
out at stout with my fav ladies!!
"<propmale> christian: hey turn the fan (oven fan) off! <propfirst> nicole: yeah its cold in here!\lol priceless shelb we all love you wink "
can't decide how much i wanna spend on rihanna tickets for june    the thousand dollar ticket really sounds worth it!! anyone wanna donate??? lol
life is made up of choices that you must make day to day    do i know what i wanna do with the rest of my life this second    no    but i will enjoy each and every second i breathe because tomorrow may not come!
all i ever see on my news feed wall is <propfirst> justen <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> panning     its not even fun going on anymore lol love you girls
