727f41fc3df379d9ec2fbf5fdcf94ca2
nothing's on my mind 
lunch at bj's in the bay   wink 
"uhhhhhhhh  yeah, somethin' like that "
"uhhhhhhh, no thanks "
this damn ipod takes a long time to charge 
i've never played such an addicting game before!! guuhh! damn you adultswim com!
"needs to find a new rock band that sings their vocals, is on time, and has some interesting sound from this decade that isn't all too mainstream or pussie  also, not these bands today with their constant screaming throughout entire songs  something like '90's incubus but from a band of today  pleeeease!!"
"must do work, but no motivation  dx"
"new gorilaz album was released, need to get soon "
"\should i apologize if what i said burned your ears or stained your eyes?\"""""
grrrr  needs new headphones 
taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang  i thought you had left my life forever 
"my speakers blast incubus because i spell motivation with a capital \i \"""""
welcome to the world of the plastic beach 
really hope we go into the weight room for 0  and that i'm not late again   laugh ;
goin' back to sleep  kthx 
"can't fall back asleep, but too tired to get anything productive done  -_____-;"
can't wait for my fix of <propfirst> law in repo men 
"so who wants to let me borrow like 200 dollars or so? it's not much really, i know one of you can cover it   smile "
too sick and tired to get work done 
not lookin' forward to notebook 
"fuck the notebook, i'm just plain fucked this quarter  need to get on the ball "
new fall of <propfirst> cd's  in the unlikely event and phantom on the horizon  do not fail to disappoint  god the guitar is always so sick in their songs 
breakfast in san <propfirst>   laugh 
"to be completely honest, i truly do miss you ~"
"fuuuuuck! perfect example of life is right in\ my lap at this moment  one of the most important questions that i have \to answer is this: stay in this hell after high school, or move to the\ next? fucking great "
"so close to the end, i can just taste it "
"anyway, it's done  i'm out "
"watching some weird paranormal series on youtube  on ep  16 out of 26 or so  if i die mysteriously afterwards, then you know it had to do with this series "
brownies brownies brownies ~
it's always fun to wake up at the end of the england vs  usa game   indecision 
greece!!! you gotta step it up!
greece vs nigeria and <propfemale> vs  mexico tomorrow  oh boi!
<propfemale> vs  mexico: 27 minutes  greece won!!!!!!!! suck it!
mexico takes it with 2-0!! suck one <propfemale>! victory for greece and mexico=great thursday 
no sleep at all  fuuuuuuuck my life! it hurts!
i hate how some random application just changed my post  
"ahhhhh!!! wow, thanks everyone for the happy birthdays!"
what are you people still doing up  
who ever is on needs to get some damn sleep 
"soooo  if anyone has tumblr, the link's on my profile  look me up  and i just might get into it "
\words sentinel invisible infidel interstellar\,0a221c258fbb860ba236714a2f1741eb,just rented paranormal activity from overton's blockbuster machine    i don't know if it will be any good or just stupid    hmmmm    we shall see 
