f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47
"old face in different places \\and 21 surprise 0 on my 5k  not too bad "
*cackles maniacally*
"last full day    and i spend it taking apart christmas decorations \\ffffuuuu-"
i just deleted something and i don't know what it does   dammit 
"when you're living with your parents, why is it called \still living at home\""? isn't your home wherever you live?"""
"blizzards are quite delicious   well, until you work at a dq  then they're sorta \meh\"""""
"noo! the mosquitos have found their way into the house!! dear god, they're everywhere!"
lawnmower + stray barbed wire = me underneath the lawnmower with a cutter trying to remove the barbed wire from the blades  i hate math   
my god   why is supertramp's logical song so amazing?
one hundred and sixty-six mosquito bites  one hundred and sixty-six  i was bored enough to count 'em 
why pay a dollar less for something that will last half as long?
"yo dawg, i herd you and yo dog likes yo-yos, so i put yo dawg on yo yo-yo so you can yo-yo yo dawg while you yo-yo, dawg "
i do like the pessimists' point of view  it makes life that much more fun 
so   i just discovered that scientists recently concluded that the triceratops never actually existed  the fossils and skeletons they observed were actually juvenile forms of the torosaurus  my mind has been blown   
does not appreciate 93 degrees  i hate hot weather and wisconsin is full of it 
"some days, sitting back and just relaxing is the best way to enjoy life  other days, it's not  i'm so bored > >"
"man, i wish they had a little caesar's up in chilton =c"
"it's 11 surprise 0 at night, and i really, really want to go for a run "
cousin came back from australia  i have a boomerang  smile  now i can finally fight the squirrel horde in the backyard 
work today  hmm   
"there are certain stereotypes to go with gender, race, and age when ordering food at a fast-food restaurant  i find it hilarious "
"up and down\and in the end\it's only round and round"
pt in oshkosh for navy  time to see how out of shape i am 
this is the first time i've ever realized summer is almost over and not been immediately depressed  *relaxes*
"i'm glad i don't have 300 dollars, because if i did, i'd waste it on a new xbox  > > 250 gigs, man  two hundred and fifty gigs!"
i think   i'm going have a snack 
ribs? oh hot damn!
just watched shutter island  what an incredible movie  twist through me off completely 
so i can't do a backflip off a swing into a pond  what of it?
so i work today  i'd much rather go swimming 
so much to do and so little time to do it   and yet i'm here on facebook  annoyed 
is singing the lyrics to an instrumental 
"birthdays on the 19th, 20th, 21st, and 23rd of this august \\that's a lot of presents on one paycheck   "
"they say there's a heaven for those who will wait\some say it's better but i say it ain't\i'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints\the sinners are much more fun   "
b-b-b-blue man group tomorrow in chicago! yeah!
"blue man group tomorrow!!1! whoo!\\although, i gotta get up at like 5 tomorrow morning  sad "
chicago and blue man group? fun  walking around for hours and getting back home around 1 am? not fun  going to work the next day and standing the entire time? =c
mowing the lawn  x(
i'm bored  how bout the rest of you?
"hot damn, i'm still tired from chicago trip  i'm getting old   "
i'm so very much tempted to go to the fdl water park one last time 
whoo! internet isn't sucking at the mome-*disconnects*
amazingness: http annoyed  gawker com 5614579 how-to-make-justin-bieber-sound-incredible-slow-him-down-800-percent
birthday week fast approaches and i've yet to finalize the buying of the gifts 
half an hour left <propfemale>  enjoy it while you can 
"if cryogenics were all free, we could all live like walt disney and live for all eternity inside a block of ice   "
so i just found out i got a 4 on the ap psych test  i am pleased 
"i feel like writing, but don't know what to write  first five people to give me any topic will recieve a poem and or a short story depicting their topic "
i am a sore loser through and through   
to feed teh horses before work or not to feed teh horse before work? probably feed  wish i could feed the horses and somehow not the goats 
"i have a song stuck in my head, but i know none of the lyrics, the artist, or even the name of the song  it's just the same guitar riff over and over again  gragh!"
"well facebook, since you're so <propmale> to find out what's on my mind, i'll tell you  sleep  anti-climactic, wasn't it? *passes out*"
i really want to ride my bike all the way to fdl just for kicks  but riding back is gonna suck  and i'd get bored halfway through  anyone feel like going for a bike ride?
why are mosquitos such an integral part of the ecosystem? why can't we purge this blood-sucking evil from this earth without causing an unstable and chaotic imbalance in the food web? why god why??? *itches bite on knuckle*
:headdesk: grah! why can't we genetically modify mosquitos so they don't have to suck blood in order to feed their offspring?
dep meeting today  gotta drive to oshkosh  they fix 41 yet?
what day is it? i don't even know anymore 
bwahaha!
11 hour workday  i'm fairly awake yet too 
fuck it  i can't take it anymore  going for a run after work tomorrow before i e playful lode 
"running would have worked today, except i was at dq until 7 instead of 5  and my knee is acting up  damn it, this isn't supposed to happen until i'm 40 "
today would be the perfect day for dq ice cream   if i didn't work there > > blugh
: biking to work whenever possible 
"is not happy about the xbox live price increase, despite not having an xbox "
don't drink the kool-aid!
blueberry pancakes  yesssssssssssss
what the hell's the point of being able to upload a  gif if it doesn't move anyways?
"it was only fantasy \the wall was too high, as you can see \no matter how he tried, he could not break free \and the worms ate into his brain "
"saw a bunch of kids playin' good ol' fashioned kickball today  i miss kickball  i was able to identify the pitcher that always tossed bouncy, the one kid that demolished the ball everytime, the one outfielder that snags every catch, and the girl that's better than most of the guys  remember those guys from your childhood?\\i was the kid that always drove a wormburner straight back to the pitcher "
"i'm starting to figure out the organizing options on the fb photo uploader  they couldn't possibly make this anymore difficult than it needed to be, unless they integrated time travel "
trance techno  best or best ever?
i think i'll write me up one o' them there fancylike workout schedules 
ffffuuuu-
"the amount of boredom coursing through my veins is unparalleled  someone, for the love of god, save me "
"ok, folks  after a very heated discussion debate shouting match about the definition of \suck\"""," i'm still quite angry  what would warrant the deeming of a game as \""suckish\""? \"f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,"so is there a weed eater out there that *doesn't* fling sharp and pointy objects (pieces of nettle, woodchips, the occasional rock, etc ) at my face at faster than the speed of jesus?"
\nothing is as it seems \,f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,inception might quite possibly be one of the greatest movies i have ever watched  ever 
going for a run  back in thirty 
"so an e playful ected thirty minute run turned into a twenty minute run, because i ended up running the intended route a third faster than e playful ected "
there's no such thing as winning and losing in debates  only which side looked more like an ass  you can spam me as many links as you want  doesn't necessarily make your rant coherent 
"every time i hit the backspace button and it takes me to the last <propfemale> i visited, i die a little on the inside "
today's one of those days where the only thing that can make you feel better is punting babies across your yard 
bored and tomorrow doesn't seem to pick up much   annoyed 
"cutting down trees, splitting wood, then work from 5-8 tomorrow   sad "
awwww  no chainsaw today  it's raining   sad  guess i gotta split the wood now > sad 
woooooorrrrkkkk tomorrow 
am i the only one with random urges to drop-kick people?
"i don't know what person discovered this, but i rediscovered it  if you spill your glass of beverage, it immediately pools up under the closest paper related object  book homework legally binding contract  wtf??"
"shitty weather makes it harder to get motivated  don't feel like running today, despite actually having time to "
"i amused by the fact that i'm sitting here, being amused at the fact that you're all in school and getting pummelled with homework while i'm sitting here being amused   smile "
my ankle hurts   sad 
"so as i go in to change the sign at dq, i notice all the trees and the tp flutterin' in the breeze  i look around and realize \man"," these tp jobs suck \""\"f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,fucking facebook   
anybody out there in concert band i? i wanna know if shipe stabbed or strangled anyone yet 
"\internet e playful lorer cannot load minecraft net\""\",f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,minecraft   love 
"minecraft  so simple on the outside, so complex on the ins-creeper! noooooo!!"
stupid family day at dq  sad 
"damn you <propfirst>! \mary had a little lamb and her dad was pissed as hell\"""""
boom chyick chyick boom chyick chyick
curb-stomping puppies since 1992 
so  much  shit to do  sad 
"was waken up at 6 this morning and again at 7 smile 0, had molten sugar fall off my pop-tart and stick to my hand like napalm, woke up again at 8:45, and then again at 10 to change the sign at dq \\i better win the damn lottery or my day officially sucks "
"i don't understand why no one understands  someone's word should be held in the utmost regard  there should be no deception  there should be no lies or loopholes  trust and loyalty are some of man's most important virtues and it's pretty damn embarrassing that we live in a world where both are tossed aside  if no one can believe your promises, then what good are you?"
"breast cancer awareness month kinda pisses me off   i seriously don't mean to offend anyone, but why is it any different than any other type of cancer? it's lethal and can be stopped if caught early  it shouldn't be breast cancer awareness  it should be cancer awareness "
"oh my god, i have hall and oates stuck in my head! xc"
"i want to go to the fdl parade, but i work from 5-8  such a useless shift  sad "
smashed some fingers on my hand while splitting wood today  missed three hours of work  damn  coulda used the hours 
the temptation to buy a 70 dollar fish is high  but my will is strong and i shall resist!
work work work work work work work work work work work work work
"outclassed, outnumbered, outdated, and i'm out of <propfemale>  fml > >"
packers  git <propfemale> shit together 
"monday morning is usually met with groans and a rather loud \son of a bitch!\""\",f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,"neenah has proved once again that they suck  big time   sad \\stupid volleyball team "
"cynicism is the best form of flattery   \\not really  but i rather like being a cynic "
"i was so eager to gtfo of work and get home, but now that i'm here, i'm bored  annoyed "
my calves hurt xc  digging up canna beds were a little more exhausting than anticipated 
"canna totals for 2010: 255 gallons of green and 45 gallons of red \estimated totals for 2011: twice that amount "
"no, i don't want to create a god damned group! leave me alone, facebook > sad "
: contributing to obesity ratings 1500 calories at a time  annoyed 
i bet that woodchuck would be chucking something else if it saw your face  > >
"i used to care about my grades  when i was in middle school, it was all just for me  when i was freshman, it was for my parents  when i was a sophomore and <propmale>, it was to make my teachers' disapproving glares go away  when i was a senior, i stopped caring  what's the point? when i'm dead and gone, nobody is gonna say \that guy only received a c+ in spanish iv\"" as they walk past my grave """
"why is all the good music old? \\ex: miserlou  seeing a 70 year old guy demolish a guitar with awesome playingness makes me wish i was there when it was popular "
\you go," girl!\""\"f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,please allow me to introduce myself  i'm a man of wealth and taste 
ultra sad face does not even begin to describe my emotion right now =c
payday was two days ago and i'm already looking forward to the next one 
<propmale> matthews  you are my hero 
entertain me 
"to hell with that one fly that keeps landing on you, no matter how many times you try to swat it away "
meh  bored   sad 
so nanowrimo   i hear you're back in town  that's cool  *silently panics*
"how do ads on facebook work? do they use tracking cookies to determine where you've been spending your time or are they just generalized ads?\\i just saw a private minecraft server ad and i'm a bit curious "
gah! i have la rodana stuck in my head  that song was from sophomore year!
"work  work  work  work \\yet i don't care  must be the e playful ected 80 hour paycheck next friday   smile "
"yes   i think facebook adverts are stalking me \\i'm now recieving ads about nanowrimo and minecraft  stupid cookies "
"it was early morning yesterday   \i was up before the <propfemale> "
the nether is the scariest shit ever  fuck your silent hill!
"haaaaaang on sloopy  sloopy <propfemale> on \\please  oh please oh please oh please get this song out of my head "
"bluh  2,000 words behind  i just *can't* get motivated today "
please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by a dragon  my wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of  dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying and when people go against them unprepared       there is almost no hope  93% won't copy and paste this as they have been eaten by dragons 
holy mother of god! http annoyed  kotaku com 5677841 you-wont-believe-who-is-killing-zombies-in-call-of-duty-black-ops
"after <propmale>, i'm not surprised that wisconsin went republican  eh "
what's this about me moving a piano now?
cold stone creamery  why the fuck has no one told me about this before?
"fuck this weather  it's driving me crazy  it's gonna pull me in and trick me into enjoying it and once i'm used to it and happy, bam  -30 degrees with wind chill and ice everywhere "
"i feel like   meh  nvm, it went away "
it takes an entire hour of my time to check up on all my internet stuffs every morning 
"i don't understand  the christmas lights went into storage all in working order and in tight little bundles  ten months later, they come out of storage all fused together into a giant ball of death and knots and only half of them work  did a fucking grenade go off some time in those ten months?"
"fuck, espnu campustown is almost exactly like farmsville  and i'm hooked   sad "
i got a raw spot on the bottom of the inside of my mouth from a popcorn seed   sad  it hurts 
went and saw megamind with my cousin  it's a cute little movie  animated is getting pretty realistic 
"why isn't wisconsin in the top 10 affiliates for espnu collegetown?\\why is arizona state the top affiliate? it's arizona state > >"
*wishes he had someone to run with*
"we will miss you, petrenko   sad "
"god dammit redskins  had you won, i would have won 25 bucks from my football pool  sure, i put point(s) on the eagles, but that's irrelevant "
still pissed i can't figure out how to add fans on college town 
"i'm such a fucking rebel  i mixed my colors with my whites in the laundry \\don't mess with this shit "
"if the customer is always right, what happens when they admit they are wrong?"
omg! they now have nerf battle-axes and maces along with the nerf swords 
packers are deliciously destroying the vikings  savor teh flavor 
rhiiiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanoooooooon  rhiiiaaaaaaaaaaanooooooon 
i'm gettin' friend requests and i don't even know who you are  who are you people!?
"sometimes i wanna copy someone's status, and then punch them in the face because they did the same thing to someone else, and it's not very creative "
"turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turk-mmph! blah! wtf is this? no, i don't want any walnut cranberry sauce! why is--oh god dammit, the juices seeped into my turkey!"
"delicious, delicious day "
your religion is less fictional than all the others  prove it 
"is there a trail in this world with waterfalls and steep cliffs and towering trees and clear streams? with the earthy smell of dirt and ferns rising from the ground and birds chirping and water rushing  a place where the sun shines brightly and when it rains, you don't give a damn  a miniature world with fresh air and tranquility  somewhere where i can run for <propmale> and never get bored "
"if i stare long enough, my vision turns to black!\\seriously, i should probably take my contacts out before something bad happens "
"fdl mall is boring  a&a is tasty, but i almost threw up the cheese stuffed mushroom "
"stop blaming suicide rates, depression, shooting, global warming, and desensitizing children on video games, you political fucktards!\\i can guaren-fucking-tee that the generation bashing us was bashed in their youth by the generation abovt them "
"oh <propfirst> assange, you rascal!"
"oh the weather outside is frightful, but the fire inside's delightful  since there's no place to go, stay the fuck inside \\i don't mind the cold, but i'm not a fan of the snow this year "
first one fifty one or you're wrong 
"oh hey facebook! what's u-paf!\\ow! the angst has taken physical form!"
race tomorrow  it's gonna huuurrrrt  hope to get under 13 minutes 
"whoo! 12:59 31 two-miler after a whopping three days of running  signed up for kiel sleigh <propfemale> run on monday, started working out on wednesday \\and then i worked for eight hours  annoyed "
"post the results to sleigh <propfemale> run, you bastards  sad "
good news! <propfemale> bowl 
"there appears to be a battle between pokemon and old 90's cartoons \\venusaur used vine whip"
"like this status if you even know who i am \\i don't know a lot of you "
stepping on landmines is an old family tradition 
"\rook to e7\"" \""   we're playing checkers\"""""
"fuck you, facebook advertisements  i don't know how you caught me looking at vibrams fivefingers, but now you're just being a little bastard  =c"
<propfirst> lennon  that is all 
i like running in the snow  laugh 
typing something about my life on facebook that's obscure and completely pointless to people who don't know what's going on already
*watches self flex in mirror* *pities self for being a scrawny little bitch*
"two snowplows crashed in the ditch in the same area on my road  i'm not going anywhere \\can't say the same for the vikings lol"
*wants a pitbull for xmas*
oh my! it appears that i personally have found myself to be located upon an aquatic vessel in which many <propfemale> activities can take place 
i pee amongst the trees 
so i'm starting to see authors purchasing advertising space on the television for their books  talk about broadcasting to the wrong audience lol 
"well, it's be fun, but i'm done \\free at last, free at last  kinda "
reeeepptttttaaaaarrrrr!!!
 sad 
"all it takes to end all wars is a little bit o' gift giving  \those damned infidels must all di-muhammed! you didn't have to get this! it's so much \"""""
"feliz cumpleanos a ti \\wait no "
to the person who ate my leftover prime rib out of the fridge: i hope you rot in hell!!!!!1!!!1!1!1!!!!
"bleh, so tired  a few days of nonstop running around  tomorrow might be better "
vibram  five  fingers 
*is tired* *is going to sleep*
"when will i learn that with great joy comes great sorrow? nothing will ever go as planned and there will always be the turd in your cheerios  \\apparently, every move i make is the wrong one "
"i will destroy whomever moved my retainer from my dresser to the floor next to the stairs \\i can feel my teeth shifting  there goes several thousand dollars' worth of dental work  :facepalm:"
see y'all in two months 
"it's 4 am here at o'hare airport  i've been up since 1 am and i'll be in charleston in a few hours  \\p s  boot camp sucks  missed many of you  didn't miss a whole lot more "
i miss anything?
ever have more than one song going through your head at the same time? it's like firing jello out of a cannon at 400 mph: not really achieving anything and a pain in the ass to clean up 
<propfirst> hungry  <propfirst> smash 
"the biggest decision i've made so far today was whether i wanted ramen or oreos for lunch \\i went with subway "
hoo-yah angry birds!
:headdesk: :headdesk: :headdesk: :headdesk:
bah humbug > sad 
finally recovering from whatever illness i was inflicted with  pfa tomorrow though  sad  so any progress my lungs made will be demolished tomorrow at 0600 
"for not being charged taxes, the nex is decently e playful ensive > >"
"i better get paid, congress  i better  get  paid "
so much pollen!
last day of briefs! gotta survive one more day!
"debating whether to toss in an application for naval academy or sta-21 in the near future, or if i should wait a few years  leaning towards waiting "
i want a physical copy of the inception soundtrack  what do?  sad ] *is lazy*
half gallon of orange juice in 10 minutes? oh yes   i feel scurvy free 
chaplain selling large pizza hut pizzas for ten bucks outside today  that's cheaper than pizza hut pizzas normally 
oy! did track start back in fondy yet? i think it should have 
i just found out about the fdl police officer who was killed  =<
quick dinner of chef boyardee before heading back into the building for some scheduled study hours 
*is going to take a long nap now*
0600 muster on a saturday fffuuu-
"whew, busy day \\tomorrow is school and an une playful ected 5k  now if only i had my vibrams  =p"
i've done nothing but eat junk food and study today   sad  feel like shit 
bleh  exhausted 
bm1 test tomorrow  awww shiiit
 sad 
tiredtiredtiredtiredtiredtiredtir-zzzzzzzzzz
cici's pizza: meh
"to lose one you've known and admired and looked up to for your entire life is a very hard loss indeed  to be able to handle the effects of such a loss marks a remarkably strong person  i am not strong enough, but i know those in my family who are "
fingers are too damn big for touch screen
"hey! hey! hey! guess what! hey!\\   it's friday, friday   "
"\i'll sleep when i'm dead\"" \",f11287518cc4c6cfc3089bf079378e47,oh damn  my birthday's in three days  completely forgot  where has my youth gone?
haven't writtededed anything in a while  any theme suggestions?
> sad 
"well, tomorrow's the end o' that "
"*sighs* done with class, time for study  prolly be done around 10-ish"
"math is over for now, but i do believe that well over 80% of my conscious day was spent in the rickover "
"t'anks fer all da birthday wishes and d'ose der congratulatory messages  i try t' have fun, dontcha know "
birthday cake = zebra cake
"the whole point of working my ass off is to do better, not worse =c"
did you know their are a lot of trolls on the interwebz?
this brownie is triple <propfemale> wrapped =c can't get it open
like this if you hate it when people ask you to like their comments 
"looking for different genres of music  trying to e playful and my horizons =p  any decent covers or songs that positively blow up minds?\\please, no trolls  i'm srs bsns here "
