acb7231a90863af001be2c3502bba457
says: fml!!! he needs to get out of fremont!!!! if anyone is willing to give him a house     
"says: fml!!! he needs to get out of fremont!!!! if anyone is willing to give him a house       also, he misses evveryone"
just went to hot topic and got some kickass tripp armwarmers that he just now realized look too feminine on him   but whatev
mmm  modes are tasty   would you like some tonic?  i now know where they hid the c4   ohhh i love music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all we are is dust in the wind   
has been reading too much <propfemale> austen
thinks it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia is hilarious 
i watced both versions of <propfemale> of the dead last night for the first time  they are the shits 
anyone got good ideas for excellent movies to watch?
may <propfirst> swayze rest in peace
needs to eat more
wants to be near you when the zombie apocalypse happens   
editing in finale is a bitch!!!!!!!!
wow they really made the graphics for runescape a lot better    it still sucks though
aaaah help help i am sucking at life specifically ear training holy crap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   sad 
<propfirst> cheese is the the shits
hates all the fucking ads on facebook about hot christian girls and find a girlfriend and is she hot   just cause i'm 18 and male doesn't mean i'm into that shit   jeez   get a life facebook   what ever happened to fuckin' chivalry?
just found an excellent  hotkey for selecting text you just wrote 
doesn't understand life
needs some photos in his facebook album that don't make him look like a crazy bastard
21
16
"thinks that if you add the vocals of maps of the problematique to the instrumentals of bliss, you'd get a pretty kick ass song"
oh shit it's friday!
oh god the bugatti is sexy   
i wanna be the very best 
wants firefly back!!!!!!
is psyched to realize that his birthday is only 2 days difference from the guy who writes qc
is going to be in cupertino tomorrow!!!!!
loves how facebook lists religions as superstitions in pirate mode
fight club is fucking awesome!!!!
really needs a better mic for recording
what are some great songs to download?
mawr   he misses having dances to go to   sad 
"all that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost  from the ashes a fire shall be woken, a light from the shadows shall spring; renewed shall be blade that was broken, the crownless again shall be <propmale>"
"swweet, it would only take about two and a half hours and 7 bucks to get to san <propfirst>"
now has an aim account! sn : asher42a
wants to know what it's like to kiss someone 
"\wordplay\"" by <propfirst> mraz is awesome"""
just do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you know who you are
just found a wow ripoff that's free and actually preetty good called the chronicles of spellborn
better than watching uri geller bending spoons
oh great  dad's on his rant about the government again    
"well, it seems like m4a actually is of better quality than mp3"
castle!!!! <propmale> fillion is hot   
really wishes that the pirate store in his town called seawolf trading company would come back   it was seriously a store dedicated completely to piracy 
yes  we  cane   glee ftw
boo
needs a wingman
"have you ever been so hungry that you can't eat?  yeah, that's what i'm feeling right now"
shiny toy guns is the effing shits!
ten nine eight and i'm breaking away i'm all dressed up and i'm ready to play seven six five four and i'm all over you counting three two one and i'm having fun   
"no, i don't want a cute girlfiend, to be your friend, or have some nice tits in my mouth, so shut the eff up facebook ads!!!!"
so it was an earthquake
zombies on the brain
"i see you, <propfirst> aldenbrook"
no i don't
yes i do
"wishes he were less of a whiny asshole about getting a girlfriend, but honestly, it's about time he had one   "
no puckerman noooooooooooooooooo!!!
omg <propfemale> <propmale> why are you so nice?
glee glee glee glee glee glee glee glee glee glee glee glee glee
wtf is up with facebook?
"hey, if someone wants to give me a ride, i'll prolly be free tomorrow from 1 to 7, and can come visit you guys in cupertino   "
"how much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?"
is watching <propfemale> the vampire slayer
"for i am xander, <propmale> of cretins, may all lesser cretins bow before me "
wants to know how girls get their hair to look so nice
"started watching hp 6 and is only a few minutes in, but has an inkling that it's going to be actually good this time"
"ok, my first question is: should i write it on the computer, or on paper?  my second question is: am i the only guy amongst my friends doing this?"
well this isn't good   already i'm considering giving up on nano   wow
"and i don't want the world to see me, cause i don't think that they'd understand   and when everything's made to be broken, i just want you to know who i am "
"facebook e playful eriment   if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of me that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragraph on your own status, you'll be surprised what people remember about you   "
ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod wash isn't dead!! i just saw him in the show v
677
is watching zombieland
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo wh?y did they pass it! grrr i hate <propfemale>
legen    wait for it
dary!
"needs a wingman   it's not exactly like he can go up to a girl and say; \haaaaaave you met anthony?\"""""
aahsdhfasdjfkasdkljfodjfaorjtosdjlfkjalfj!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!wejr
daddy's back!
i still need a wingman!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"the facebook trick: press up, up,down,down, left,right,left,right,b,a,enter key then right click  then press up then down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page   put this as your status if it worked for you!!"
omg!!!! nph now has a twitter!!!
"once more, with feeling!"
oh my fucking god!!!!! glee was awesome omg the police
balls
is wondering if you can grow marijuana on farmville then sell it on mafia wars?
foul mouthed mofos
looking for wingmen
dollhouse is fucking epic
dollhouse tonight!!!!
it's over nine thousaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaandd!!!
is seriously going to punch something preferably someone
is back in town bitches
celebrity rehab tonight! go watch please
mrawr
aaaawwww shit
likes the new facebook
balls 
women!  why!!!!????????????? aaaaaarrrgggh
"you know that i could shoot somebody, somebody    "
soooo   i heard you like mudkipz?
"love your hair!    what?   no, i   i   i love the   uh   air    yeah  anyways "
"this appeared as a moral dilemma, though at first it was weird that i swore to eliminate the worst of the plague that devoured humanity; it was true, i was vague on the how, so how can it be that you have shown me the light?"
that's when she said i don't hate you boy i just want to save you while there's still something left to save  that's when i told her i love you girl but i'm not the answer to the questions that you still have 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
i'm on a quest to watch every pokemon episode evah   
to protect the world from devastation to unite all peoples within our nation to denounce the evils of truth and love to extend our reach to the stars above
"it may not feel too classy, begging just to eat  but you know who  does that? lassie  and she always gets a treat "
never going to give you up   never going to let you down  never gonna run around and desert you   never gonna make you cry  never gonna say goodbye   never gonna tell a lie and hurt you   rickroll'd
"what's the point?  seriously, like what the hell is the point?"
women!!!! grrr
sweeney <propmale>!!!!
any suggestions for an awesome song to learn to play would be cool   
augh holy fuck lost tonight
ohmygodohmygodohmygod <propfirst> baldwin is in <propmale> i did not know this must watch now aggggg
maybe if i brought my guitar to school   do you think that would work?
i've given up   i'm sick of feeling   tell me: what the fuck is wrong with me?
screw the world i am going to go kill someone now
went to the library over the weekend   got first three twilight books   lolololololol
stupid dumb sparkly vampires
team <propfemale> and <propfemale> should just realize they're gay for each other and have some sex already
huh   <propmale> brothers aren't horrible   along the lines of such bands as all american rejects and yellowcard imo
why did they make the <propfemale> montana character have blonde hair when miley <propmale> looks so much hotter with her brown hair?
you shall feel my wrath   okay not really
sick like a dog   
woah   google has changed wtf
it's kinda funny when you realize that the twilight series would have been so much better if <propfemale> and <propfirst> weren't in it 
i wish i could say the right words  to lead you through this land  wish i could play the father  and take you by the hand  wish i could stay here  but now i understand  im standing in the way
when can i watch glee again?  i wants!!!!
i love to diloricate
a wizard is never late 
spoiler alert! dumbledore dies!
the game   that is all
"yes, m4a is much better than mp3"
thanks to <propfirst> hultquist for introducing me to <propfirst> day    pretty epic
dood!  itunes genius is pretty damned good
ah crap
beecake is awesome
look at my horse my horse is amazing
"everywhere i go, bitches always know, that <propfirst> scene has got a weenie that he loves to show (bitch)"
the sign for 'i want a marsmellow milkshake' in asl is hilarious 
there is a massage of people poking me all of a sudden   i likes
"<propfemale>! laurië lantar lassi súrinen  yéni únótimë ve rámar aldaron! yéni ve lintë yuldar avánier mi oromardi lissë-miruvóreva andúnë pella, vardo tellumar <propfemale> luini yassen tintilar i <propfemale> omaryo airetári-lírinen  sí man i yulma nin enquantuva?"
i gets money todai yai!!!!!!!!!!!
i just won the game biatch
wait  so what happens if you forget you've won the game?
"ah, the lay of beren one-hand and luthien tinuviel is so perfect "
"seriously, can i get a life now?  i needs one   kthxbai"
"people need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want, to be accepted  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~ will you be in the 7% that will, and leave it on your status for at least an hour  it's special education week!!"
is there such a genre as orchestral rock music?  cause if there isn't i need to make some 
satan   that is all 
bored bored bored
"why does everyone seem to love covering lady gaga songs?  i mean for christ's sake, 30 seconds to mars did a cover of bad romance   true story "
let's put the fork in the garbage disposal!
met an old friend today   he is happy    smile 
sweeney <propmale> was amazing!!!!
noooooooooo!!!!  i can't even get on the freaking waitlist for the summer classes i want    sad 
"please put this on your status if you\know,or are related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was\obliterated by the death <propfemale>  my wish is that people will understand\that the empire is a band of murdering scum  the rebel alliance wants\only to bring peace to the galaxy, but the evil empire continues to\kill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this  will you make this\your status for at least one hour?"
what a crazy random happenstance!
my gums are killin'  me   hellppppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hey, zombie apocalypse?  don't happen today   these shoes i'm wearing are not good for running   kthxbye"
omg nph on glee plus joss whedon directed it omg fuck yes
lol this week's himym was pretty good 
"so for those of you who have never seen lost, here's a basic recap to tell you why you should watch it:"
sooooo all you mv people and other cupertino friends:  i will probably be coming to visit mv this thursday around 2 o'clock   just so ya know
i have this strange feeling that something recently has made me cry profusely recently   except i know i haven't had a good cry in what feels like forever   wtf?
"wants to <propfemale> out with his friends again, but doesn't have a way of doing so   dilemma "
where's a good place for a 19-year old to meet people and make friends?  besides school or work?
"poke\me if you have ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a good friend  inbox me if you have ever wanted a relationship with \me  comment on this status if we have had good memories  now let's \see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on theirs "
i miss my friends 
"i want to start a record label\any friends of mine in a band interested?"
"so i might (and that's a big might) be coming to cupertino next wednesday to play some fugitive   cupertino-ians, beware!"
i'm going to be famous 
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours  you can ask me anything (inbox only)  i will answer no matter what  you have my complete honesty  but i dare you to put this as your status  see what you get asked  just do it 
boo
i much <propfemale> to come to cupertino and <propfemale> out with my friends   anyone able to give a ride?
"the wild women, the wild women   the rippin' and the tearin', the rippin' and the tearin' "
my new favorite phrase:  auditory prostitution 
i'm so excited for school
how come facebook never  shows when my friends write a note anymore?
so i've been talking to strangers recently and getting to know people   it's been awesome
is happy 
i saw a hobbit today 
so the guild totally made a dr  horrible reference   teh awesome
hulu is teh awesomes
holy freaking shit!!!!  oh my effing god!  <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part one is out in only 2 months    and it's in effing 3d  holy shit guys!
"new mcr album\omg\need i say more?"
like this status and i will tell you my 4 favorite things about you smile  then post this as your status too
went to san <propfirst> yesterday   it was awesome
i'm up too late     
baking is science for hungry people 
new favorite band: broken social scene
yess i'm so excited they're making this book called it's kind of a funny story into a movie   i loved that book 
damn this week's glee episode was hella sad
had an awesome day today
wants to move to new york
just realized that most of the streets around where he lives are named after shakespeare characters    awesome!
oh shit!   summer glau is gonna be in a new series called the cape about a superhero it  looks hella good!
"<propmale> potter was really good   i enjoyed it quite a bit, although there were some points where i was a little bit bored   "
"the new my chemical romance album is actually really good, a hell of a lot different than their previous albums "
finn and <propfemale> finally broke up   thank god!!!!!  worst pairing ever 
the 90s were undoubtedly the best years for disney movies
the entire <propmale> potter movie has already leaked out on the internet   wowwwwww
best christmas song in my opinion:  last christmas (the <propfirst> eat world version)
the new facebook layout is awesome but it is very hard to get around
"confession time! inbox only  2010 is almost over, confess something you've always wanted to tell me or ask me  100% private  put this as your status, you might be surprised "
oh mah gawd <propfemale> johannsen is soooooo hot
<propfemale> christmas y'all
"had a hella good new year's <propfemale> with <propfemale> <propmale> , <propfemale> wirth , and <propfirst> epperson    then had a more intense new year's day with <propmale> holladay , ean taijeron and russelle <propfirst>    oh yeah "
let me ask you: are you ready for this?
"i'm going to make something for the first 5 people who leave a comment   but, if you leave a comment, you've got to copy and paste this as your status and do the same "
socrateeth the philosoraptor strikes again!
how is babby formed?
omwf!
greedo shot first 
i don't wanna be a taurus!!!!
now has skype hit me up
i think i'm depressed   but i'm not sure     annoyed 
got the slingshot bitches
so i went on chatroulette   i was on for five minutes and got about 10 chicks and no dicks at all   i thought that place was like meatcentral or someething?
