f2a460d588950c89dbb8807fba037f24
yay! my first post  just trying out facebook to see how things go   smile   i hope to add more pics soon of my ultrasounds  i'm so excited about sharing my journey through my pregnancy  ^ ^
"humm   thinking of buying an elliptical  but will i use it? lol it's good exercise during pregnancy, and i am a bit out of shape   annoyed "
i found out yesterday that we lost the baby  please keep us in your prayers 
feeling a bit better after the baby news  gonna keep looking forward  i have a doctor appointment friday to discuss where we go from now  we hope to try again soon for another baby 
"wow, i'm up too late  i'm happy to report that <propfirst> and i are going to do ivf again  everyone keep us in your prayers "
"i was looking forward to seeing my little cousin tomorrow, but he's running a temperature   sad  hope he doesn't have anything bad "
"hope everyone is having a happy halloween! i only had 1 trick-or-treater, now i'm left with a massive amount of <propfemale>  lol"
went to the doctor today and hated driving in the rain  got to go back on thursday   all these trips are going to wear me down  sad  but it's worth it if i can get my own bundle of joy!
"made homemade baked spaghetti and meatballs for the first time, and it was yummy! even if i do say so myself  lol"
"i'm going to <propmale> city tomorrow to have surgery to remove eggs for ivf  i'm sooo nervous to see if all this will work out  please keep me in your prayers, i want a little one so badly   love "
"ouchies! i'm feeling pretty sore today, but overall doing good  definitely feels better than last time i had to do this "
"got back from the christmas parade in honaker about an hour ago  it was great, except my nose keep getting cold  burrr!"
happy thanksgiving everyone!
"woke up at 6 smile 0 this morning and took a pregnancy test, and it showed positive! thank god! keep me in your prayers that everything goes well   smile "
got the 'official' word from the lab that i am pregnant  i have to go again tomorrow to do the same test again to make sure the hormone is doubling  can't wait for the first ultrasound to see if it's one  or more! lol
going to the doctor today for my first ultra sound  i'm so excited!
"we're having two! i'm so excited, i will put up a picture of the ultra sound later tonight  i couldn't believe it when he said there were two  he also told me they were very healthy looking  hurray!"
thank god for neighbors who help dig you out of the snow  smile 
"my parents aren't e playful ected to have power until after christmas, which means we will probably have christmas dinner at my house  scary! never fixed a dinner that large before "
"i'm so nervous about tomorrow, i'm going for my second ultra sound  hope everything looks ok   smile "
"had my ultra sound today, and am relieved to find that both babies are doing great! i heard their heart beats for the first time, it was so wonderful "
"happy new year everyone! this year was the best year of my life, i got the most precious gift imaginable, a child   love "
"9 weeks today, can't wait until monday to see our little ones again  smile "
"well, there's good news and bad news  the bad news is we found out we lost one of our babies  the good news is the others is doing great  it's healthy and is growing a little ahead of schedule "
"i went to wal-mart, k-mart, magic-mart, and roses  no one carries maternity clothes!! i'm going to have to make a special trip to the mall just to get clothes that fit  lol"
"went to the doctor today and heard the baby's heartbeat, it was 145  i also heard a lot of kicks, seems we've got ourselves an active baby  laugh "
"had a great day today   smile  went to church, ate chinese, and had a long walk with our doggie at the park"
"just got home from the doctor, and we're having a boy! i'm so excited! the ultrasound also showed that he's healthy, what a blessing  can't wait to meet our little <propmale>  smile "
"hope everyone had a great easter sunday  mine was great, even though it started out with getting a flat tire on the way to church this morning   smile "
"i'm so excited, <propfirst> was just able to feel the baby kick for the first time!"
"we are adopting a new dog from our local shelter today  her coat was matted badly, so we got a free grooming  can't wait to see how she looks now   smile "
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh,  that you can say is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who  you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down,  who is your world , and a man that you can thank god every night for   copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary 5-21-05"
"i keep seeing pictures of everyone's beautiful babies, and it just makes me so excited  i can't wait until <propmale> gets here in august!"
went for my checkup and <propmale> is doing great  i was also referred to a chiropractor for my pinched nerve and found out that he can also fix my scoliosis after i deliver  the pinched nerve was a blessing in disguise 
"i'm so upset! we ordered a mattress online, it got here today, but the delivery guy didn't even bring the mattress inside  said it was to heavy  we were promised installation!! i'm pregnant and can't help <propfirst> bring it in, what are we suppose to do??"
thank you so much <propfemale> for getting your husband to stop by! it was such a big help   smile 
"sitting here feeling the baby move, and wondering how strong the kicks will get in the end  he already gives me a good beating   i can only imagine what it's like in the final month "
"had my 4d ultrasound done today, and it was amazing! i watched <propmale> wiggle and squirm and once even suck his thumb  can't wait to get the video back "
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl \3years old, picked up by a man driving a grey car, license \plate:q72b381 put this as your status  it could save her  this \kidnapping is recent so do it  3 seconds will not kill you  if it were \your child, what would you do?????"
"today is the baby shower, getting excitied!  smile "
had a great time at the shower yesterday  i'm blessed to have so many people to support us  i also posted up the album if anyone wants to take a peak   smile 
just finished sorting out all the baby clothes  now all i have to do is wash them all and store them   
frontierville friends:  i need 2 more ribbon  smile 
"had a bit of a scare yesterday  went to the er because of a pain in my side that wouldn't go away, found out i was going into preterm labor  thankfully all is well after i took some magic pills that stopped my contractions   smile "
i'm so bored  i think i'm on house arrest  no one wants me to go anywhere by myself anymore since what happend on thursday  <propfirst> even does all the shopping now  it's all for the best   but i'm still bored!!
so did anyone catch eclipse at midnight? i was wondering if the movie lived up to the book   smile 
does anyone know when and what day richlands or lebanon will have fireworks?
"lions and tigers and bears, oh my! wizard of oz is on  how many times have i seen this? lol i sitll love it  love "
"had a fun 4th of july  went to my parents for a cookout and got to see my baby cousin i rarely get to see  he's 2 and so cute! then went to elkhorn to see fireworks  got home pretty late, but it was worth it "
"went to the doctor today for my checkup, everything was great  i got to do an ultrasound and they estimated his weight to be 7 lbs  3 oz   i'm only 35 weeks! lol i'm gonna have a big boy i guess   smile "
"went to church with my parents today and my mom's bible study group gave me a baby shower  it was so nice of them, especially considering some of them have never even met me  i got some cute clothes and more diapers  can never get enough diapers!  smile "
hurray! i get to go off my meds to stop contractions  now that i'm off of it i'll probaly end up waiting the full 40 weeks  lol only time will tell 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  love 
getting nervous! the doctor scheduled me to be induced on the 5th  i can't wait to see <propmale>  love 
sitting here crying and watching baby shows  lol *pokes belly* aren't you here yet!?
"finally made it back home  <propmale> is doing well, he has a bit of jaundice but they let him come home and just have a doctors appointment on saturday  i'm so glad to have my little boy home!"
"took <propmale> to the doctor today to check his weight, and he gained 3 oz in 4 days  smile "
"first day taking care of <propmale> alone, i sure am tired  i miss <propfirst>!"
"i have carried a child within my body  i have nourished and comforted a\baby upon my chest  my body is not magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i am happy because i see a mother, and there is no greater honor  make this your status if you are proud to be a mom   smile "
"watching <propmale> sleep  then i hear him start to stretch and i just know a \wahhhh!\"" is going to come soon  i think it's feeding time soon  love """
"*yawn* wish the baby would go back to sleep, i could still use a few more hours "
"<propmale> had his first visit to mommaw and poppaw raines's  it was a good visit, but he seemed to be a bit cranky and cried  he calmed down when he got in his swing at least   smile "
"<propmale> smiled at me twice this morning   love   it took some time to get him to do it, but he let them slip eventually   smile   i can't wait until he does it on a regular basis "
woo hoo! mom is coming over to help with the baby in the morning so i can actually clean house  thank god for mom's  love 
"thinks <propmale>'s hair is turning brownish red, instead of strawberry blond  maybe he will have hair like his mom   smile "
"had a great day  went to church and then visited <propmale> and <propfemale>   smile  <propmale> was so nice for most of the day, just cranky when he was hungry, but what baby doesn't do that lol"
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried \but never met, or those we have held but could not take home or the ones\ that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you or\ someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby        in memory of \all lost angels "
"wishes strangers would leave me alone when i go out, i know i have a cute baby  but if i don't know you   please don't touch!! maybe i'm just being an over protective momma, but i don't feel comfortable with strangers touching my baby  sad "
"hot cocoa, relaxing music, baby asleep   bliss  love "
i got a mom haircut today  lol no more little fingers getting tangled in my curls  i sure do feel light headed now  smile 
"going to try and ween <propmale> of his pacifier  i had hoped this time wouldn't come until he was 2 or 3, but he's waking up almost every hour or so in the night to want it put back in his mouth  i can't take many more of those nights   sad "
"<propmale> took his nap with only a few minutes of crying for his pacifier this time, last nap was 15 minutes  i hate doing 'cry it out', it makes me feel so bad know all i'd have to do to make him happy is giving him his paci, but if i gave in, there'd never be any sleep  sad "
wonder how many trick-or-treaters i'll get this year? last year i had a grand total of one! lol happy halloween everyone 
i think <propmale> is becoming a 'momma's boy'  we went to my parents today and the only people he would let hold him were mommy and me  he cried when daddy or my grandparents tried to hold him   sad  i guess it's because he doesn't get to see them as often 
"<propfirst> took care of <propmale> for most of the day today  he gave me a three hour nap and then i had to leave for an eye exam and went shopping  when i got home he told me he didn't know how i did it, it really took a lot out of him today  lol!"
had a great thanksgiving yesterday  i got to see my cousins that i don't get to see but a few times a year  now i'm clearing out a space in the living room so i can put up the tree tomorrow  <propmale> is only 4 months old and has already taken over the living room  i hope i can maneuver all his things around to fit the tree in  smile 
"<propmale> has finally learned to roll from his tummy to his back! <propfirst> got to see his first time this morning, and i just saw him do it again   smile  he's been in the floor looking at his feet and rolling from side to side, and sometimes rolls on over to his belly "
"jacob---my\ son is the only one who knows how much i love him   because he is the \only one who knows how my heart feels on the inside  {{post this to your\ status if you have a child that you could never live without}} mommy \loves you so much i couldn't ever imagine my life without you    you \will always be mommy's baby boy   "
had a busy day shopping in <propmale> city  i had my first 5 guys burger and it was great  then went and got <propmale>'s picture taken with <propfemale>  he smiled so big!
"<propmale> is growing so fast  i noticed his shirt was very hard to get off of him, it's size 3-6 months, i tried a 6-9 months on him and it fits perfectly!  love "
"god saw you getting tired & a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around you & whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched & saw you pass away  although we love you dearly, we could not make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke our hearts to prove to us, he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas"
"greatest man in history, named jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master  had no degree, yet they called him teacher  had no medicines, yet they called him healer  he had no army, yet kings feared him  he won no military battles, yet he conquered the world  he committed no crime, yet they crucified him  he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe with all your heart  <propfemale> christmas  "
"had a wonderful christmas  <propmale> is loving his gifts, especially his new exersaucer  when i put him in it last night he went straight to playing and jumping in it  he giggled so much, it was so sweet   love "
<propmale> loves music so much  every time people are singing on t v  he automatically looks up towards it  it even makes him stop in his tracks when he's in his exersaucer  lol
"<propmale> is teething   low grade fever and very fussy  i'm excited for his tooth, but the process is horrible!"
"i just read an article that disney is no longer making <propfemale> movies after tangled  they say after 5 or 6 girls are no longer interested in <propfemale>, instead want to be 'cool' or 'hot'  that is not something they should promote! bring back the <propfemale>'s!"
"your son will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime  its sons week    if you have a son who makes your life worth living by just being around them, and if you're proud of your son, copy and paste this to your status "
"<propmale>'s tooth is starting to poke through  i can barely feel the tip of it, but it's there!"
so cold   snow go away!
"you would think that when the dog barks, <propmale> wouldn't like it  instead, he thinks it's funny  lol how strange "
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping, or whom we have carried but never met, or those we have held but could not take home, or the ones that came home but didn't stay  make this your profile status, if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  the majority won't do it, because unlike cancer, baby loss is still a taboo subject  break the silence  in memory of all lost angels ?"
"i know it will be a while before <propmale> can crawl, but he wants to  his toy pooh bear is out of his reach, and his little arms and legs make the motions   smile "
<propmale> is scooting a little across the rug! it won't be long now until he figures out how to crawl  love 
loves being a mommy more and more each day  love 
wants spring to get here! i want to take <propmale> to the park and walk the dog  i miss getting outside and walking   sad 
loves it when <propmale> sleeps through the night and then takes a 2 hour nap later in the day   that means i get to catch up on my zzzzz's!
recently discovered i like wonder woman comics  i am such a nerd   playful 
"made chocolate chip cookies last night   from scratch! lol it was my first attempt at home made cookies, and they were very good if i do say so myself   smile "
making chicken pot pie for dinner  yum  smile 
my poor doggie  i believe our dog will be <propmale>'s incentive to crawl  i can put his toys in front of him and he doesn't seem to care  the dog sits near him and he starts to laugh and reach for him  only problem is  our dog is afraid of him! lol i guess <propmale> will have to learn to go faster to catch him  playful 
"<propmale> is able to get anywhere he wants now  it's not quite a crawl, but very close  he uses his arms and legs together now   love  he's slow   but i bet that won't last long "
"just got back from a day at <propfirst>'s parents house  <propmale> did great in the beginning, but got a little overwhelmed by all the noise when everyone else arrived  we get him home and he's laughing out loud and chasing the dog  where was this enthusiasm earlier??"
"? ? ? if you have a wonderful partner, who helps balance your whole world  who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you  who works hard and would do anything for you  who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, and who you are thankful for everyday, and who you could not live without  brag about your love a little and re-post this as your status  ? ? love "
"watching the today show, saw a clip of a mom punishing her 7 year old with hot sauce and a cold shower! that's just so horrible! i can't believe what some people think is acceptable discipline   sad  at least she's going to court for child abuse "
"<propmale> has so many toys in the living room floor, yet he decides he'd rather e playful lore the kitchen  time to put up the baby gates  lol"
"going to try to make homemade applesauce for <propmale>  he hates the store baby food version, so we'll see if he'll like this better  plus, it's fun to try to make something new  smile "
cleaned <propmale>'s room and put some of his clothes into storage  i look at his newborn clothes and i can't believe how much he's grown 
"i figured out why i'm fat! the shampoo i use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\""  i'm going to start using \""dawn\"" dish soap  it says \""dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\""  re-post if you have the same issue!!"""
i am proud to be from the south - where tea is sweet and accents are sweeter; summer starts in april; front porches are wide and words are long; macaroni and cheese is a vegetable; pecan pie is a staple; y’all is the only proper pronoun; chicken is fried and biscuits come w  gravy; everything is darling and someone is always getting their heart blessed  y'all have a good day now! true southerners will repost   wink 
humm   wish they made baby rogaine  <propmale>'s hair is growing way to slow  lol maybe i need to start massaging his scalp  laugh 
"<propmale> just sat up on his own! he has been rocking back and forth on his knees, i thought he was going to crawl, but instead he thought he'd sit  lol"
"i see posts on here about a shooting in grundy, anyone got more info?"
"does anyone know how <propfirst> is doing? i can't hear anything on the news, just one deputy is in serious and the other critical  i'm very worried   sad "
"i went to kingsport and saw <propfirst> today  only got to stay in the room for about 5 minutes, didn't want to monopolize the time, there were others waiting to see him  but i was so glad to see him  he seemed groggy, but he talked with us some  he promised he'd sing for me at church  i can't wait for that day! i thank god he's still with us "
"husband and wife week--if your spouse is your best friend, who works hard for you, who has been with you through thick and thin, who loves you when you're at your worst, and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with the date you were married  may 21, 2005"
"bought <propmale> a superman outfit with a cape for his 1 year birthday party  i know it's 4 1 2 months away, but we couldn't help it   smile "
via hope <propfirst> ramey: just talked to <propfirst>  the miracles are already coming for <propfirst> and he just got to atlanta today  <propfirst> said that they had told them that they thought they could fix his colon and bladder  also they are going to do surgery on his back next week and they said that was going to do everything they could to get <propfirst> walking 
"i loved you the minute i heard you were coming  i loved you the minute you were born  then i saw your face and fell in love some more  you were only a minute old, but i knew i would die for you and to this day i still would  when you choose to have a child, you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life"
the past two nights i have dreams that <propfirst> is walking unassisted  i seem to keep him on my mind a lot  i know god can make those dreams into a reality!
making sugar-free chocolate chip cookies  you can't even tell the difference with splenda  laugh 
banana
"i listened to the cd <propfirst> made, it was so touching  i listened to it over and over on the way home  couldn't help but break down and cry  he is truly talented "
<propmale> stood up on his own this morning  so proud of him  smile 
"waiting for <propmale> to be ready for his nap so i can start cleaning the house  it's a mess, i haven't touched it all weekend, and i think a whirlwind went through it  lol"
"cleaned house, made dinner, and gave <propmale> a bath  it's been a very productive day  boy am i tired!"
