57c8fd10a115eb9030b2665914cbe065
finally has the internet  love    hallelujah
is in mexico  with my family   but surviving lol  missing my baby!!!!
can't wait to have her first full night's sleep in a week  fingers crossed!!
is keeping her fingers crossed 
not feeling well 
is about to go <propfemale> out with her best friend and her freakin' awesome puppy!! yay for friends and puppies  smile  lol 
is so super-not excited about her biology test today  fingers crossed!
lost a war with a curling iron and burned all right-hand fingers  lol!!!
eyes hurt  ouch 
"is sick, probably with strep throat  who knows? and the day before the big interview, of course!"
got the job!!! yay!!!! still sick tho lol  but yay!!!!
still sick and bored out of my mind 
not very optimistic about schedules working out between new job and little part-time job  little part-time job might just get scrapped  oh well!
"lunch with <propfirst>, yay!"
losing every trace of sanity 
worked a double on my second day  so tired!! back to work at 9 lol 
about to watch g i  joe    not e playful ecting much  lol 
has actually had a relatively constructive and pleasant day   how unusual lol  smile 
worked hard and ready to relax  smile 
"facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     it will work! put this as your status if it worked for you       haha i love my circles!!!!"
had fun with <propfemale> tonight  smile  woo-hoo for fun with <propfemale>!
feeling underestimated and sick of the sugar-coated half-truths 
more than a little bored
so ready for break!!!!!
happy thanksgiving everybody  smile 
"working 2-midnightish today, then 11-midnightish tomorrow, and then 9 smile 0-4ish on sunday  so not excited  see everyone after the weekend!"
"got to work for the meeting  manager said \i knew i forgot to tell somebody that the meeting was cancelled!\"" thanks moron  back at 5 anyways"""
just got some great news  smile  i will go to sleep happy 
"going to work, working a double tomorrow and the next day  hope everyone has a good weekend!"
no work till friday! yay!!!
going to crash the c-b christmas party tonight!!
gets paid today! finally! then taking an exam and then <propfemale> is going to attempt to get me some math skills lol 
lunch with <propfemale>  yay  smile 
"not even the tiniest bit excited about going to work tonight, lol "
"has \if you only knew\"" stuck in my head in a way that has becoming almost annoying  still love the song!!!"""
goin to <propfemale> out with ri-ra  smile  again lol 
just got home from work  what a fun night  ha ha 
is ready for the semster to be over  two days down!! haha  smile 
thought i would never get out of work tonight  seriously  it's nearly 1 am  this is stupid lol 
would like to know who keeps calling me from a restricted number  i will eventually remember who that voice belongs too   
very very bored 
"so glad my double is over!!! yay for tomorrow  smile  party-time! hope i'm actually awake for it, haha  smile "
so glad this weekend is over; hopefully the rest of the week will fly by a little less eventfully 
spending the night with ri-ra!!!
going to class and then straight back to work for the rest of the day  woo-hoo!
ready to toss the computer (and the effin' printer) out the window  sad 
somewhat agitated 
can't hide anymore!!! lol! (inside joke)
ill 
has the day off somehow and will probably be bored out of my skull all day  text me!  smile 
"thank you mr park ranger   whoever you are   for unlocking the gate to let us out, lol! did not want to sleep at <propfirst> mt tonight!!!"
i love chocolate milk 
some people have a lot of nerve  but at least it's entertaining!
havin fun at hollys!
sing-a-long at hollys lol! baby got back!     
got to talk to <propfemale> <propfemale> steele ! i miss her so much!
going to be bored outta my mind tonight  sad 
can't sleep due to foolish scary movie watching right before bed   duh me!  playful 
"very, very ill  very ill  blood might be shed   "
ready for tonight  smile 
really sick and wishing my mom was still here!
real food again yay
has a lot on my mind and needs some prayer for direction 
wishing my spanish report would finish itself
"23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca, 10,000 in az and 17,000 in il  nj,fl & ny are cutting teachers jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise and educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers copy and paste this into your status"
"has joined up, once again, with one of my stinkiest partners in crime!!  wink "
it is national doughnut day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
white christmas!!!
"please put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post  (hahaha)"
quite sick  i feel like death 
today is rare disease day!  love  the family bwahaha
"in the month of march, our nation's unemployment sank to 8 8%, a two-year low  yay!"
six flags!!!!
i saw a shooting <propfemale> on my way home tonight!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!
