5bfa4986a9f8cf33d8830630d88dd180
"dancing with you hands, turning strangers into friends!!  laugh "
still do not have internet  sad 
borrow his lab woot woot
ugh bug waitin 4 clothes 2 get cleanified so i can go easter egg huntin with tha buds!!
gots me a volleyball rofl!!! get to see me new second cuz yay!!! love yalls
"yay i got to hold <propfirst> <propmale>!!!! yay, he so small"
bored lolz nothin to do of course  new <propfemale> last night       ok i guess but the book better  so yepp text me!
skittles taste the freakin rainbow :-]
bout to eat some food watchin power puff girls!!!!
bored nothing to do
sleepyness <propmale> house last night funtastic  wink 
"got my computer back yay!!!!!!!!!! but no sound        :'[ i am crying, no music *tisk tisk* :'["
had the most awful dream! pewf just a dream :-[
scared outta my mind  surprise 
"ahhhhhhhhhhhh hi, my bro <propfirst> went to thunder over lousville <idk if i spelled that right but i cant spell :[ anyway wonder whats up with him"
i am the most horrid frend in the whole intire universe  how do i stop that dumb non true stupid rumor?????? :'[
yum yum chincilla hyper off of  smarties!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"arkansaw (yea that how i spell it got a prob?!?) was a blast rofl!!! got some tees for cat, ash and me!!!"
ok no offence to anyone in the 6th grade but if you have this crazy little girl rubbin up all over you and you and like all your bff's say something to her and she is threating you and you say something and you gettin introuble thats cracked!!!!!!
got my colorgaurd from in  missin skool was fantastic!!!!! everyone missed me right?  wink  text me
"she was the bestest friend anyone could ever have         what went wrong? it all happen in second grade, then it slowly faded away  to everyone out there who has a bff that just suddenly stopped, be yourself! you have way to many friends to be bummed, she'll come to know that she made a huge mistake of loseing you and she knows it  so <propfemale> in there it happen to me too  ~madison moloko"
dancin in the rain lolz! 12 more days till me birthday yay!!!
kurts ungayified on glee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wowness!!!!!!!!
omg i love total eclips of your heart from glee!!!!!!!!!! i can't get over it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nothing
waiting for everyone to get up  bored outta my mind!!!!
*thinks back to a simpler time* elmo: la la la la la la la la la el-  madison: *take police club out* um excuse me dis is my world!!!! not yours!!!!!!
finally got the book!!!! mra ha ha!!!!!!!!!!
"i pray to be only yours, i pray to be only yours  i know now, your my only hope  - a walk to remember"
yea woot woot bestest b-day week ever!!! great friends and family  i love yall all!!
singging!!! la la la!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gots a shot pew little kid kep on slappin me!!! got a <propfirst> duck bandaide!!! it did not hurt at all overeaction for nothin! and got a huge surprise for mr  smith aka smitty!
la la la la laaaaaaaaaaa need some <propfemale> change very badly  gots me a haircut!!!! woot woot!
i felt like <propfemale> in wonderland going to lissie  you have to go though this huge bush and when you come out your in a whole new place!!!!! :-]
brused my pinkey in colorgaurd  sad   hitched a ride wit muffin  so much indimidation!!!! ugh!!!!! and tottaly embarassed myself  they warned me  o well just gonna listen to baby!!!! lolz not that song is stuck in my head dancein to it!!!
omg lolz today was soooo fun!!!!!!! but so much friggen drama!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh why an i typein like this?!? anywho i am soooooooo friggen eggsited about you know what          wink ! baby just say yes lolz :-] i s\\do not know how to get this friggen text thing out!!!!
oh em gee yall i hope yall had the coolest year wit me!!!!! loved the last day in out hommroom!!!!!!
i'll uplode the rest of the pics from the end of the day in homeroom later it messed up so i cant put no more
i am so fricken slow!!!
<propfirst> on glee in that lady ga ga episode looked like lady ga ga      i still loved her costume though!!!!! it's safe to dance!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  wink  i  love  glee!!!!!
help me!!!!!!!!!! go to my pics and go to the one that says help me plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i wanna bedazzled pull-up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omggg disater date is sooooo funny!!! <propfemale> bored!!! text me yall!!!!!
"gots to get me a shower, wash clothes, gettin ready for colorgaurd tonight!!!!!!!! see ya there :-]!!"
that guy from pants on the ground (<propfirst> plat) is not dead that was just a rumor        
"a chair is still a chair, even when there's no one sittin' there\but a chair is not a house and a house is not a home\when there's no one there to hold you tight\and no one there you can kiss goodnight  wink  i  love  glee"
"last night was soooo scary, when that flash of lightin come ahhh!!!!!!!"
gots some new shoes for colorgaurd!!!!! lolz think i need to go to wallmart 
la la la la la la bored going to wallie world soon!! yay!!!
glee season fanally tonight and i may have to miss it?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i mite as well just die now!!!!!!!!!!!!!! arkansas was fun but cincinattie no not at all!!!!!!!!!!!!! (p s  still can't spell anythin!  wink ) what did i ever do to the world to hate me!?!??!?!?!????!?!?
yay i get to watch glee tonite woot woot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the world dosen't hate me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yessssssss i knew her water was goin to break then and there yessssssssss perfect timeing yess i smelled it comein omgggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bestest ending ever omggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just fainted!!! lolz jk jk jk ahhhhhhhhhhhhh herd a loud bang and no one in tha room now i am hearing knoking ahhhh reportin live i'm <propfemale> moloko
"coolest dream ever! i was a frekin power ranger!!!!!!!!! how cool is that!!!!! i went on a mission to like blow up something and we all went to school at highland but it was like a middle skool, buut any way, like everyone douted us and then we proved them rong, and then i woke up :'[  but coolest dream ever!!!! <propfirst> was in it!!!!!!!!!!! (the red ranger)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"your dreams are in the plam of your hand, so make them come true! :~]"
"do not fold, bend, or manipulate my package!!! :~] gowsh i miss good ole lunch  and remember       i deliver                  "
don't you just love when people have random outta tha blue conversations on your post or status???????? i do!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love glitter balls they are soooooo frikin fun to play with
bored   text meh!!!!!!!! need something to do      tryin to win holiday world tiks for ash and <propfemale>          
oh my frickin gosh they have do you lie waffles and the campfire song song and         f u n song on i tunes i am soooooo gettin them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-]
swimmin was a blast!!!!!!! that <propmale> guy is an azz cracker              his frind and him were smexy!!!!!!!!
"ugh people are such gizzards these days        (*cough cough* \that <propmale> guy that says he goses to drakes creek\"")"""
"feels like <propfemale> montana      i am livein bowling green one day and then bam glasgow the next            when i want to got to a big city bam i live in  bowling green, when i want a small town bam glasgow           life is complicated sometimes       "
omg my frikin nose shrivled from tha sunburn!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"do you wanna get frosty with me?  wink  oh coffee toffee twisted frosty! lemme break it down hand spun with real coffee bit girl just like you like it!!!!!!\oh me i just love that catchy tune    it's way better that fast food, it's wendys!"
i'm free yay yay yay cuz all i do is win win win!!!!!! rofl
just relized that they took the time outta there dumb azz lifes to hate on me!! i feel so friggin special!!!!!!! i love when people take time outta there life just for me :-]!!!!! my jet just took off and now it is flyin! :-]  haterz make ya famous!! yall remember that now!
colorgaurd is going to be total hell for me            plus i know i am going to owe at least $20 for tryin to e playful lain what happen last night     can't even get a shirt on without screamin in pain     
"1st\person to like this, i will comment on your wall at least twice a week \the 2nd person to like this, your last name will be my last name for a\week  the 3rd person can dare me to do one thing (within reason, or i\might not do it  playful )  4th person, i will say i'm married to you on fb\      for a week  smile  put this on your status if you    dare"
       my next door people have a slip in side                   i wanna go                                                                            
omfg it is about over!!!!!! pain and more pain about over!!!! yay!!!! hapy bever:-]
i am soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo confused wich one is the real ash?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!
waz in a simie for the first time        still a lil fajazzeld and confused about this dci thingey lolz of course!  laugh  laugh   laugh  text meh!!!
i got sad news!!!!!! i am going to do the hardest thing that could possibly kill me (more than likley not but for dramatic purposes it will  wink ) 
dci and idk stuff tommorow idkk i am frustrated right now! :'[
"ughh bugs all on me, dci later, take a freggin showwer <propfemale> claywell plz comment and tell me you got home ok!!!!!!"
omfg dci was soooooooooo friggin amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
omgg!!!!!!!!!!!!! his slot machine dose magical things!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhh dci fabuloseo (my new bf is in the cavaliers  wink ) andd the <propfemale> scouts (that shirtless asian was an awsome dancer) where fab!!!! and the cavaliers were superduper!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"when the lights go out, we'll be safe and sound, we'll take control of the world like it's all we have to hold on to, and we'll be a dream  ~we the kings: we'll be a dream"
car wash=rough~~~~~~ so frekin sleepy
"eh 16wishes was ok i guess          never had sunburn on half my leg b4 so i am just going with the flow  but people are so rude these days, serously when people just randomly pull up to a car wash and get everones hopes up and just drives off you know you want to go after them and smack them down!!!!"
going to the pawn shop    (maybe) to get some game boy games :-] (wow game boys are so old <propfemale>!!! wtf do you stll have one?!?) well my friends i am a cheap kinda person and still has her game boy :-]
i love sha-nay-nay she always cheers me up with her smart remarks and her sassy attitude  smile  yall look up <propfemale> nay nay on youtube and tell meh how much yall love her!!!!!!!
:[ feel sad for some reason            oh well               people are so rude these days         :-] but then some one brightens up my day and i am better but the feelings are still there            not much you can do about it                
i'd banana boat him anyday!!!!!  wink 
my mood just changed from  annoyed  to  surprise   surprise   surprise   smile ]]]] in like a split second they have new boys like girls wrist bands!!!!!!!!  surprise  surprise  surprise 
oh em gee i just dreamed that i went to a boys like girls concert and i got to meet them!!! and there was this girl that was like your such a poser your not going to meet them and i was like yea i am and i did! the whole time there was this guy with me that idkkkk  but it was an awsome dream! and my phone is dead again!!! stupid green light that runs it down!
"ugh     i have this feeling       idkk what it is         love, pain, happyness, idkk, it is just there and i am despert to find out what it is         "
real world=interesting this season          
readind a book    i have read like 3 books so far and they were all quite interesting if you ask me      i need to get the next book of vampier diaries dark reunion (4th) and then two more books and then i am done with that series!!!
wishes boys like girls would come to glasgow but chances of that are like a kadrilloin to one  annoyed   but alls you have to do is wait and hope :-] 
"when you see that someone and you tell you friends, and try to make them notice you by acting all silly and then you can tell that they don't notice you, but they are secretly lookin at you and falling for you  love   love   love "
colorgaurd was beastin!!!!! when we were throwin the flags at eachother <propfemale> threw it and hit my fingers!!! lolz but it was fun!!
:'[ that hurt real bad          
"i've wached his wildest dreams come true, and not one of them involving you!~  love   love   love "
noo i can't belive she turned on me and we have knowned eachother since we were little kids!!!
"car wash july 2nd at primative spa!!!!!! direction \text me or chat!! it's for glasgow colorgaurd!!!!!!!!!!!!"
:-] car wash was soooooooo random! creeper started preachin to us about god      and a girl guy named <propfirst>! gettin pink strecks in my hair as of today when all the colorgaurd desided on it!! and       a very random guest       (yall know what i mean      )
"likes when old people (ya relitive and mom) talks about facebook like this: \she put something on my thingy \"" \""your wall <propfirst> you wall!\"" \""well whatever         gosh facebook is so hard  how dose my preacher when i was in the 10th grade pop up on my sugestive friends just by putting i went to barren?!?!\"" \""mom the people who go to barren have him as a friend    \"" ahhhh good ole 4th of july       """
ugh                    i am so confused                             annoyed 
just relized what bet stands for!!!  laugh 
"\everything is edable in this room my friend even i'm edable but that my friend is called canableisum and is frowned apon in most society \"" <propmale> wonka!!  laugh """
hey hey heyy!!! got to go to practice later as for now i am free!!!!!!!!!!
lovein me some cooptana thaa ganggbanga!!!!!!!!!!
people make me so mad when they dout what i can and cannot do  people don't know me that well to judge  i am not quitting  i can do it no matter what some idiot thinks! you can do anything if you put your mind to it!!!
"like this status and i'll tell you something i like about you, dislike about you, a confession, and first impression"
tv vewin power rangers is on yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
noooooooooooooooo it was to be continued!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wait another week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
every girl needs a guy like <propfirst>!!!  love   love   love 
i have a random question to ask       hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm           perferably someone that knows alot about hair and bleach and dye           
juss relized i was sick  laugh   laugh   laugh  lolz
 laugh 
 playful  pratice tonite!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!! can't wait!!!!!!!!! hmmmmmmmm  laugh 
<propfemale> elleman man down man down!!!!!!!!! :-[
         who knew frekin m&ms could have 23g of frekin sugar?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!? life suck and is so low sometimes                     annoyed \ thats depressin                           
"friends help you alot and i love them, but music, it helps everything!"
sleepy! lolz idk what to do today 
sing us a song piano man!!!!!!!  playful 
"hmmmmmmmmmm hart, heart             why is hart county not spelled like heart but it sounds the same?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?! ocd!!!!!!!!!!!"
well i text some random creeper thinking it was elishah n  smith and it was some guy named <propmale> and his wife had a cancer sugary and she laughed at me he sed she got a kick outta it! and he was all creeperish he was like we can pretend it elishah and i was like no creeper!  sad  never been so scared in my life!!!
ahhhhhhhhh one more frekin day!!!!!!! yay beach bend park!!!!!!!!!!
omg saturday is going to be beast!!!!!!!! 1st power rangers to be continued episode is comein on  surprise  (they just found out <propfirst> was the evil green ranger!!!!) then beach bend then we pitch a tent up!!!!!
of course they do not frekin fit me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am to frekin fat!!!!!!!!
omg they fit!!!! but it is squezzin the crap outtaa my stomach!
hows it tootin?!?! tootin=country slang for going  wink 
lolz well i got this googaly band that looks like a squid them little things that kill you on pac man  cuzzin it  a pineapple  i jelly fish        rofl! thanks clarkie  and i gots a bump on me head from hittin my head with the flag and today is friday!!! ash is comein over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahhhhhhh beach bend was soooooooooo fun!!!!!!!!!! me and <propfemale> brown got stuck on the haunted house ride  surprise  and there was a cute blond hair brown eyes so frkin hott!!!!! and and and rode the rumbler 6 times cuz there was a cute guy trhat worked there!!!!!! ahhh it was carzy!!!! text meh for more stories and p s idk but she just purred
band camp (or should i say pup camp) starts today       annoyed  goodbye life outside school              
idk what to think about her she justed purred??? ha lovin what i say to juss random people! purr!
omgg i am so confused!!! between claps and sarcasum and dawson mcallister and flip and shiz (tha doliphin splashin gettin every body all wet but this aint sea worl this as real as it get i'm on a boat mother effer! (sorry off subject)) but camp was soooooooo long and i am sleepy and confused     i need a nap  laugh 
bahahaha wow how low are they????  laugh  they juss don't get it!!!  laugh  bahahahahah i least i got it but that dont matter!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  thats all i gots to say  laugh 
vv make a random face in tha comments vv  laugh 
o o forever scared 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh pup camp is over         band camp starts  annoyed 
pup camp = overr!!!!!!!! ate me some wonderful cookies afterwards mad by the senoris (if i can even spell it d smile  but they were good 
i'm awsome i talk to myself on my facebook wall!  laugh 
bentley is the prettyest cutest name for a guy  it is soooo cute!!!!!!!!! i love it!
new song for my life is misery business  if you listen to the lyrics and you are like one of my good friends you would know but you can text me lolz idc 
"woke up at 5 smile 0 with a tummyache and headache and vomited, but all better now!  laugh  goin to tha pool!"
iz super duper happy  laugh   love 
wachin juno for the 1st time  laugh d
so in the movie juno she think the name <propfemale> is gayy  annoyed  rude      laugh  oh well my bro named me so blame him!
well went to the pool and saw some really mean people! saw mrs  bartley and she complemented me on my colorgaurd skills  laugh d  so not ready for band camp!!!!!!!
my knee!!!! :'[
 laugh  woke up like idk when  is sooo ready to finally get the last toss done!!!!! hmmmm whats for breakfest?
 laugh  pumped!!!!! i am going to get the toss done and learned  not going to hold everyone back and not doing pushups!
" laugh  like heyyy whats up tehe  no way am i redy for skool, it's gonna be drama for ya momma! tehe i wish i knew my classes!"
:i nothing to say  my finger is jammed and i am so confused 
 laugh  te he wow nerd day pics       awsome!
"cuz this is the real thing, love changes everything  this is the night when every heart's e playful loding  the real thing slow down, it's happening cuz you got time to burn in the heat of the moment  that summer radio fireworks off the patio a 3am string of green lights in a row and the real thing love can change anything if you can just let go! ~ real thing, boys like girls  laugh d"
tehe last week of band camp  laugh  bored lolz got anything i could do?
"hard to breathe, feels like floating\so full of love, my heart's e playful loding \hands are shaking\my heart is yours for the taking \acting weird and not myself\dancing around like a keebler elf \finally time for this poor schlump\to know how it feels to fall in love"
"band camp today! d: my tummy hurts  hmmmmmm idkk these days, juss go with tthe flow "
thinks she needs to start gettin redy!  laugh d
"1st literature owens\2nd  math turner\3rd  govt  crain\4th  cr lowery\5th  science biggers\6th  chours all year!! (p s  mr  smith they better put fame out or else i will get held back just to be in the play!!!  laugh d)\7th  economics though history ????? wtf? 2nd term art\3rd pe 4th desingn nd modlein"
 laugh  band camp  listen to the most beloved song of mine  love  learning to fall boys like girls 
sooooooo frekin sore!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cupcakes  love 
"playin with this <propfirst> mouse club house mini skateboard!!!! tehe, still wishes that my ring pop still had <propfemale> on it   laugh d"
feels like it would work if i just had the guts to say hi to him  annoyed 
i love you <propfirst> <propfemale> lynch !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
now juss awatin for him to text me  love   love   love  i can't wait!!!! i hope it works out like <propfemale> tobin says it will!!
hey mpreactice tonight then skool!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh  jk whatever this weekend ate at mi mi's moes and gi gi cupcakes! was going to shop at the avenue but thats some other time  laugh d
i gots me a letter from mrs  owens how sweet!!!!!!!! omg i was like awwwwww someone cares  laugh d gonna be awsome year!!
"skool  laugh d i love mrs  owens she is like frkin nice and me homeroom! mr biggers is like hilarious and random if i do say so myself  playful      welp i saw him today and it juss was not there anymore, so i guess that means i am over him  laugh d yay no more drama "
 crying  practicing in the storm was scary o o i felt the power within me come alive  surprise o
heyy  laugh d
"practice tonite!!  laugh d so redy with my fancy glove thingy!!!!! woot woot, well skool was well skool  annoyed   soooo cant wait to meet the 6th grade thats in choir!!!  playful "
sniff sniff horray!!!!!  laugh d gettin a new phone     d: i need a phonearule! my mom dose not know if the cellular company can retrive all me stuff on it!!!!!! that phone is my life!!!! ddd:
got a phone and it has all me contacts!!!!!! yay!  laugh d
 laugh d our bus is like a reality show  laugh d so hilarious!!! ok so idkk text meh!!!!
the knowing is <propfemale> mixed emotions type of movie!! very intense moment in it that i wanted to scream into the teleavision (and p s  thats what she sed  laugh d) and then so sad!!!! ugh jaincked but i loved it!
omg!!!!! fez from that 70's show is manny on handy manny!!! wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh dumb rain!!!!!
cerry coke zero freeze!!  laugh d yumm yumm!
"spokes, i got tha swagger of a cripple, i got lil biceps gettin fatter in tha middle  laugh d"
wtc!!! people are being hacked and sendin me random viruses through chat!!!!!!
i did this juss to qet on <propmale> <propmale> edwards nerves!!  laugh d cuzz i am qhetto like that  i replace my g's with q's!! lolz jk
heyyyyyyyy sup?!?!?!?  laugh d
so in mr crains class i had an outburst of random sinnging for no reason  laugh  he told me to hush!
i love being in the toaster as bred     but then come out as toast!!!!!!!!~~ colorgaurd was funn!!
omg baby zoey <propfirst> is born!!!!!!!!!  laugh d  laugh d i  love  babys
i twich alot  laugh d
lastnight was amazing!!!!!!!!!! feels like she is finally a true colorgaurd girl!!!!
they are making me choose between legally blonde and titanic!!!!! so hard!!!!! oh em gee the bend and snap works everytime!!! and i'll never let go d: so hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
really now the patriot vs  titanic!!!!! wtf!!!!! i hate life desions!!!
"it's all good, gonna have a go with the flow day ya know?  laugh d family reunions are so random sometimes "
i  love  really scary hiking trails that lead to a hobo hut in your neighborhood and then lead to a random street of briar <propmale>  laugh   laugh  such adventure in this lil girls heart :'] i love you lissie!!!!
"welp i have been talked about  oh well if i would have been there, well look out  we are going to rock the feild!"
:'[ i am sad i can't spell at all and i am serious! i am dumb!!!!!
"waiting for a zu-zu pet, i picked one out it is between num nums, mr  squiggles, or scoodles  i hate having to pick  annoyed  it could change my life!! well nights to all, and all good night "
"that feeling you get when you wake up and bearie bear is right beside you, it's gonna be a good day!  smile "
feed <propmale>  laugh d
went to the random wood trail again and got a thorn stuck in meh pants  annoyed  and we found a mini cave but it went like a steep hill down and plus we kep hering random stick nosies and we saw a ghost car so no way!!! then we layed down in some comfy grass  good day  yesterday was amazing!!!!!!! we were so beast band!!!!  laugh dd
 smile  happy for them but yet still sad that it can't happen to me  annoyed 
colorgaurd was beast!!! swag level- up top!!
thank you thank you thank you mr  <propmale> <propmale> for tellin me where to find #1 on my homework  laugh d
hmmmmm?
ahahahhahahahha omg today was like a roller coaster!!!!bahahahahhhaahaha wants to sing her some dancein <propfemale>  laugh d
muffins  laugh d
 annoyed  ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i hate this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 playful p hey
is abuse from rubbing two sticks together to try to make fire for the apocalypse       thanks cologaurd  laugh d
"so woke up to boys like girls screamin at me  smile  got on the computer headline was \is the mothman real?\"" with some random pic of a stik person with red eyes  and going to vandyy and rockin the world! today is going to be great  smile """
fun fun bought a hat  laugh d
bout to go to colorgaurd!
blah blah blah today  laugh d
hmmmmmmmmmm haircut ideas for me?  laugh d
ahhhhhhh my super physco sweet sixteen 2  surprise ooo i wanna see it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! who wanna party that day?!?!  laugh d
i have a new nerd game  laugh  yay me
looks completly different!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whoever invented the alarm clock for the phone      was a frekin genius!!!!! thank you alarm clock guy  laugh dd
"had fun wiff my sexy melons, my sexy muffin and sexy cucumber!!  laugh d jammin home with the bro  fun fun "
 laugh d
1st place at regionals with an 84 4 so wtf now! yay!!! state finals next  wink 
 laugh d i  love  cuppycakes  wink 
"ughhhhhh hate the pain in my foot d: not going to give up thought, i have state finals i need to go to  laugh "
you are now looking at a girl who has marched on astroturf and won 1st plce in class 2a at states! dimond rings here we come!
shew i just got up  laugh  that is sign of a state champion that didnt go to sleep till 4 
"money card!!!!!!!!! internet shopping, here i come!!!!!  laugh d"
walmart          you are now one of the most dumbest stores ever!!!!! screw me being 16 just to get a money card  sad 
sad =[
bahahaahahahhahahhahahah guess what?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
am i mean??? please feel free to give me your take on me and my so called (meanness)  laugh d
"*clears throat* excuse me,  laugh d and now i would like to sing a song!: take my breath away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  wink "
ok so is like mad!!!!!!  sad  i need that dress!!!!!!!! anyone have a job i could do??
i got the dress!!!!  laugh d yay me
i wish people would stop being such creepers sometimes  bahahah
"kinda in a \dum <propfirst> dumm dumm\"" mode  laugh d"""
"i am drained from crack actingness (yes you can be that way) muffins and popcorn!!!!  laugh d o o ready to go to bed  laugh d wait   ,,, i gots me a par-tay to go to! and guess what?!?!?!??!?! nothing  playful "
 smile   always act like your sleepy hyper
blee blee blee!!! hmmmmmmmm i guess i will starrt my hair to go to the par-tay 
1st time in years o have roled around in abunch of leaves!! the party was funn!!!
why do i feel like everyone hates me and i can't please anyone?
"ok so sitting here and my brothers creepy <propmale> bobble head from the hangover just randomly said \i'm not suposse to be withing 200 feet from a school!\"" and i didnt even touch it  surprise o creepy much  laugh d"""
is remembering her childhood besties *tear tear* bedore school ever started *tear tear* :']
oh jeez  playful  if you like this i'll tell you why what's up!
"somewhere deep in your heart, i see the real you and it shines so bright  you juss gotta let it shine!!!!!!"
omg ******* omg if you type your password on facebok it comes up as stars ******* thats amazing
hey you dang woodchucks!! quick chukkin my wood!!
i just died                 really noooooooooo i needed a boys like girls wrist band!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! d': i cant belive it!! i died beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep sorry <propfemale> moloko has just died  we are sorry for your loss   nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
reading               laugh d
the last airbender           freakin amazing  laugh d
"cramming seasons of hope in my brain (hey at least i got the solo  laugh d)!!!! d: oh joy come monday    so much to do in one little day! 3 to 5 play practice, 5 smile 0 to 8 smile 0 wintergaurd! fun fun"
the only thing that keeps me up in the morning      a the sweet sound of boys like girls  b jaw breakers  and c alarm clocks  laugh d
danceing with myself  laugh dd <propfirst> idol!!!!!!! about to rummage around to fined things that a hobo would wear! and <propfemale> hall i like <propmale> and <propfemale>  laugh d
i did it  love   love   love 
little hope in my cell :i i will check at skool  sound is back  surprise  finally listen to music
i found it!  laugh 
let go  love 
knows how to have a good friday without anyone  laugh d
hotel  laugh d
discovering new music!!!!!  laugh d
can i make the great escape?
movies!
do you know whats better than 1 ring pop?!?!?!?!??!?! 10 for each finger!!!!  laugh 
ahhhhhhh quick ebay good or bad?!?!?!?!?! boys like girls wristband i need it (but it ebay)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
theres a party in your bedroom all night long  laugh d tehe awsome song
gasp i found my old friend  surprise oooo i love facebook!!!!!!
amazon kindle amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i got a pillow pet  love  yay!!!!!!!!!
"went for vampires suck last night, easy a today  laugh dd mmrahahahahahahaha"
"*jumps on table* take me away, a secret place  a sweet escape, take me away!!!!!! loved easy a by the way  playful "
"had a nasty nightmare  annoyed  evil vampier zombies took over the city of baltamore and me and all my friends lived there and we were the only ones left, the <propmale> gave us one day to escape the city, then i woke up d: well i am going to read and watch that 70's show  laugh d"
geee i could run about a mile today i am just soooo not tired          not!
my itunes is now fix! success!!!!!!!
off 2 skewl  annoyed  girrrrrrr
well i found out something interesting  laugh d ahhhhh this changes everything!
 sad  i live like between the edmonson and <propmale> line and edmonson is out > sad  there was like no snow where i was at 
"parents should know better then to cuss at there kids, really, and then they try to say that the child is makeing everyone stare at them, um newsflash it is you screamin and cussing at your kid! parents wonder why the child acts the way they act well tada theres your e playful lanation   laugh d"
ahhh i am so blind! i need my glasses fixed!
needs to get new glasses and a eye doc!!!! not in one thats in 3 months  annoyed 
ugh i can't decide!
 surprise  is all i have to say! this day just got magical!
oh bubble trumps  smile 
10 things i hate about you (the movie  wink )  love 
i shiver too much! even without being cold!!! ahhhh
ok so wtf with all these new zodaic signs?!?!? i was a taurus (earth) all my life!! now i am a aries (fire)  annoyed  thats a bummer
theres a bar names moloko  laugh  my life is complete  love  !!!!!!!!!!!
 laugh dd new random texting buddie thanks elishah n  smith and  <propfemale> brownfield
forget him  laugh d
pink or green?!!!?!?!?!?
now that i have seen my childhood skewl turned into the alternative skewl          my memories are crushed! :'[ i almost feel sorry for the people that go there now 
whoa today is the latest i have ever gottten up         1 surprise 8  smile  well good morning all 
steelers yay!!!!!!!!!  laugh d haha
feels like my lifes in danger if i get in the car to go to skewl!
backstreet boys  smile 
7 surprise 0 come faster!!!!! vampire diaries  laugh dddd
omg worst most amazingest ending to vampire diaries ever  laugh d lolz ugh
i sit here and find myself listening to 'baby i'm amazed by you'          thats akwardish  laugh d but strangly amazing  laugh d
:[ my bow broke-eted
da do do juss dance  laugh d
stranger danger!!!!!!
sleepy
i feel like remebering something i can't 
happy birthday aunt <propfirst> stancil!!!!!! i wish you a happy birthday b4 ur own brother haha
hmmmmmm well i am dumb watching my most terrified childhood movie  lol 'the hollow'  laugh d
family video          yep that place ticks me off                  
i <propfemale> alez moloko have gotten over my fears with my most terrifed childhood movie and watched it!!!!!!! it has been like about 8 to 9 years ago since i watched it cuz it scared me so much  love  i feel accomplished
"i am going to fail p e  it is official, all because i cant find a stupid norwegain dance      or however u spell it idc"
yea imma go play a game  laugh d
parents that make the simplest things difficult!!!! picking highskool classes isnt hard father! but thanks for caring  smile 
yep so i am juss gonna forget the last 5 months of my life      
my new nickname is number 4!!!! woot woot i am number 4!
let my phone rong ccuz i was half asleep relized who it woukd half a <propmale> be kicked off my covers fell off the bed ran and ninga jumped a pile of clothes then got to the phone and screamed!  smile  so i'm just gonna stay up cuzz i cant sleep  smile 
homework!  annoyed 
i learned how to play snake on youtube!!!! produtive day  smile 
i have a new love     cash cash  love   love   love 
tehe yay i did it!!! my banner thingey  laugh d
imma get naped today  annoyed  stupid test we have to take for no reason!
skewl is cool  laugh d jk
ok i have never been so hyper in my life!!! shotgun was amazing  laugh d
when did <propfirst> bieber even turn 16?!?!? whoa shows how much i care!  playful 
"is locked outside her house, cell is dead and i just have my stupid kindle! really!?!"
sometime i really wish i hadnt listen to the answering machine to see who called          :'[
"came home and saw wild <propfemale> <propfirst> just a swinnging  smile  looked outside my window and saw her  for me not to be creeped out, thats just love  laugh d"
tutu!!!!!!!! gir it is hard ot do!!!!!!!!!! imma bout to e playful lode  laugh d
tutu shows the power in me  laugh d
"so aparently i need to \get with the program\""  laugh dd"""
tehe i am so outta the loop right now!!!!! sirens went off?!?!?
ahh my house just shaked  playful 
patriot  laugh d
who spends 90$ on makeup?!??!?!?!!?! i do aparently  annoyed  gosh dillards is costly
y r the sirens goin off it is 6 in the morning!!?!?!?!??! idc about some dumb non exsiting tornado!
very long day  smile 
gooood night!!!!  smile 
do tha creep  laugh d
just relized halfway home i signed up for spanish and i cant even do that rolly thingey with my tounge!!!!!  surprise oo well crap
the boombox could change the world! you gotta know ur limits to the boombox!
"9 kids, 4 husbans, huge house, 23,000,000,000  yep i think i had and epic win!"
drag me to hell was an epic fail  playful  it was funny! until my bro scared the living crap outta <propfemale> and i  smile 
"wanna make a pizza, but i mite blow up the house sooooo i'm juss gonna sit here and wish i could make a pizza  laugh d"
hopefully i wont miss the bus  smile 
       :'[ ders random people sleepin in my living room!!!!!!!
ymca was amazing!!!!!
yep glee is getting stupid  annoyed 
omgg!! one side of the street is poorring sown rain and on the other there isnt even a drop  surprise oooo
someone       no names gonna be sed (<propfemale> brownfield) left or put a push pop in my backback        
just relized vampire diaries  laugh d but not new :[
think i need to start on some hw      naw i think imma go look up cash cahs hey monday and boys like girls tickets  laugh d
"loves how when people knock at our door and they see me with a mop and people think i have been cleaning, but in my head i grabbed it cuz people scare me when they knock at the door and i need a wepon to protect myself!"
if only lizzy spann would frikin text me bak i would love to go to narnia!!!!!
ughhh i am soooo bored          smile  put this as your status and see what people rate you: 1  crazy 2  i'd kiss you    3  hyper!    4  jerk    5  i miss you    6  best friend    7 pretty     8  smart    9  dumb    10  i would date you    11  random    12  hot     13  funny    14  huggable    15  amazing    16     tough  17  cute     18  beautiful    19  awesome!    20  i love you  21      sexy   22 friend   23 hate me
"soooo imma be a doctor and say that i have \runners knee\""  annoyed  awesome    """
doctor        plz hurry!!!! :[
today was a diffrent kinda day at school     smile 
i wanna bedazzle my knee brace  smile  tehe im sleepy
hardest decision ever made        annoyed   but the right one
numbing my leg!!! tehe omg it hurts!!!!!  laugh d
"if you like my status i'll post a heart on your wall   \i'm doing this because i can  so yeah "
yep i saw a ghost of a cute guy on my street         im scared!!!
"soooooo cash cash may 16 (may 12 is my b-bay  wink ) boston <propfemale> $12  laugh dd perfect present ya know, just gotta get there first      just a thought     you can make come true      juss sayin  smile "
i had a dream i had a heart atack and died cuz cash cash was on american idol!!!  fail  laugh 
         yep i'm confused
welp imma go dream about havin a heart atack agian (silly cash cash)  laugh d wish me luck!
welp gots my maziey (tehe spelled that rong!!! but i like it  wink ) costume!!!!  laugh d i  love  factory connection!!!
bed  laugh d
when you get something in life respect it cuz i am positive that thing may get takin away if you walk all over it   
bed  laugh dddd
tsk tsk im about to see you after practice if you keep actin like this!  laugh d
tehe what to do today????
like my scar face impression?!?!?!?
"good awesome food, some really awsome people, ky cats game on, nicee day  smile "
waiting outside the lines      
came home to see that i was taggedd in 47 pics     all of which were the play      gotta love play time 
so basicaly a robot is sayin im dumb      nicee  smile 
i love you!!!!!!!!! sun drop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> brownfield has the hot boy stalking powers of jesus!!!!!
yea go die in a tree                             please
yet another earth quake hits japan          the world is ending    
"all this pics of seussical that i am in, why cant i have one nice looking photo of me?!?! no i have one where i am doing something random and outta the blue!!"
truth is    (like this)
"1 more day  love   love   love   cash cash pre order bundle pack, here i comes!!!!  smile "
violent games          oh how i love to kill myself in various ways in 5 <propfemale>  smile  adult swim games  love 
welp this day has sucked!!!!!!!!!
well this is gonna be an intresting week!!!  annoyed  8 days  love  yay!!
yep imma bout to fall over dead with lack of sleep      
"theres a place down town where the freaks all come around  it's a hole in the wall, it's dirty free for all!  love "
<propfemale> murphy died?!?!?!?!?  surprise  wtf!!!!????!!!
yea its muddy outside!!!! i just ran though the grass with flip flops and my jeans and feet are sooked!!!!!  smile 
"dear stupid grasshopper,\<propfemale> has random spaz attacks when she sees you jumpin around everywhere! grasshoppers are not ment for showers, so stop creeping on me or you will die! i threw my pants on you so die already!!!!! i hate you!\with no love,\<propfemale> moloko"
would you make me numba 1 on your playlist?  wink   love 
if i dont get some of this sun drop before it is gone       imma be mad!!!  laugh d
i just relized that it is the 16th!! ahhhhh tuesday come faster!!!!!!!!!! i had yet another dream about getting this cash cash budle pack!!!!!!
"finding a song to sing as a group that has no cuss words, not innapropret for school, that is an acually good song!! ughh"
all i can say now is that     i am free at last!!!! i won't be sorry  wink 
pokemon  smile  my brother makin me go to sleep while playin pokemon  sad 
"i found a song!!!! finally! this better work or imma be mad, it was on <propfirst> neutron! and i think my finger is broken :'["
i am in love!!!!!!!!!!! ahhh
omg cash cash budle gets shipped tomorrow!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh i can smell it!
omfg i frikin love our cats testing group!!!!!!  laugh dd i have a feeling that somethings gonna happen     if you know what i mean  love   wink 
okay merrick mccall black dosent belive me but       what do you think i would do if i went to an all boys school???? and what would i do if i went to an all girls school??????  laugh d i will win this debate!
sang e t  to a hot guy taking me and my friends money though the drive thru at mcdonalds!!!!!!!!!!!
i love the kindergarden class i am mentoring!!!!!  love   love   love  they are so cute!!!!!!
white n nerdy!!!!!!!!!!  laugh d ohhhh yeahh <propmale>!  love 
vampire diaries        wow!!!!!!!! i was like   surprise o for like 5 <propfemale> !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! omg it is so frking intence!!!
"yay! the cash cash bundle pack it at my cousins house!!!!!!!!  love  this calls for a 7th grade luch inside joke! do not fold,bend,or manipulate my package  wink "
gonna be a surpires when i come to skewl!  smile 
omg the clouds are moving all over the place!!!!!!!  laugh d so cool!
dang bees           go die!
glasses free now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh dd yay
yea i kinda just hand cuffed myself!!!!!! imm run up and down the streets sayin im free!!!!!! laugh d
hmmmm note to self; never ride a bike hand cuffed     
where is this music comin from?!?!?!?
i am in the  liking mood today!!  laugh d
walmart!!  smile 
no walmart       :[ but we did go to freds!!!!!  laugh d i frekin love that place! cheap stuff woot woot!!
fruit loops  love 
fruit loops are a double negitive  laugh d
hmmm nails suck!!!  laugh d
has anyone heard?!?!?!?!?! osama bin laden is dead?!?!  laugh d
we want the funk!
everything in my phone is spanish!!!! bahaha
omfg!!!!!!!!! 2 words        vampire diaries!!!!  surprise oooo i was an emotional wrek!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh words cannot describe how i felt!!! well <propfemale> and i will get shushed all 3rd period talking about it!!!
"i would like to give a shoutout to daija mashak you are awsome!!!!!! don't let some dumb       person  smile  try to start stuff with you, she needs to get a pair of glasses and get her priorites strait!!!  laugh  juss sayin"
hey guess what?!??!?! its friday!
sunday!!!!!!  laugh d
