2cb5906f8fa52d072e0ddde3b6ba1c6c
just got off x2! woooo so awesome!!   and cold!
stuck at 6 flags who wants to come pick me and <propfemale> up? lol
since no one wanted to pick us up we got our own ride! we're good hitchhikers  smile 
3rd facebook i make   idk why they keep getting deleted!!!!
can't wait till my bday show  smile 
myke hawk! lmao!
anyone interested in buying a trumpet?
"love, love, love is on my mind!"
saw a lot of people from middle school at the fair today   it was like a maclay reunion!
still can't believe i lost 13lbs   i'm trying to gain weight here not lose it! > sad 
i got court tomorrow    sad 
uncontrollable hiccups at 2am is really annoying - -
i can't believe i'm awake this early   grrr  
vma's! woooo!
my date was amazing! i had fun today and resident evil was freaking awesome!  laugh 
i've got a tight grip on reality but i can't let go of what's in front of me here
pretty in pink ??
wierd dream (o o)
don't drink and segway!
i want a torta or burrito sooo bad right now  sad 
go green ?
i can't wait to go back to sylmar i miss my purple room and the silence in the mornings(- -)
what a horrible night morning  
oh my god they killed <propmale>!  surprise 
i think i'm just about ready to crawl under a rock and stay there for the rest my miserable jobless life   
"appearantly \el chamuko\"" is in me because i whistle <propmale> <propmale>d and <propmale>dy while eating *_* (that's what my mom said)"""
can't wait till later! i hope everything goes out as planned or better! x) night night!
i had so much fun tonight! even though the cops came and searched our house (idk why o o) the  show went awesome! i hope everyone had fun  joyful 
"i poke <propfirst> on facebook and she comes into my room, pokes me in my tummy and says poke! mars you're a    loser! hahaha!  playful "
"idk why everyone is complaining about the weather   i like it!  joyful  boba tea,  jersey shore and ac! yay!"
11:11 make a wish  
5 more mins   x)
 joyful 
what a perfect weather   loving it  
thank you all for the happy b-days! ??????????????
there's no such thing as too much cheese!
the boy ?
i've never felt the urge to punch someone in the face before   until now -_-
mmm bk ? so full! x)
off to my secret relaxing place! i love how i don't get reception there x)
mmm mcd's!    damn i really need to lay off the fast food  surprise  starting next week!   or month   hehe x)
mmmm i could go for some dominos right now   is it too late to order?  
what if you were living yours instead of hating mine? finding truth and spreading love and searching deep inside   see me gliding swiftly to that place i need to be that home grown irie zone  
"strip away the layers and reveal your soul, give yourself up then you become whole, you're a slave to yourself and you don't even know, you want to live the fast life but your brain moves slow  "
hanging out down the street same old thing we did last week not a thing to do but talk to you!
it's all lies   and make up  
<propmale> marley's accent ?
i hate it when i forget i can fast foward the damn commercials!!   and i wait for them all!!  >=[
"had fun today ? \  p s my phone is disconnected =["
now that i know the truth i don't know what to do   i wish i was never told   -_-
gonna go eat some tacos! yummy!! rika was hereeeeeeeeeee watch out for the illuminati!!! run niggaa!! runnnnnnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
first time i wake up this early in months   and i hate it -_-
out of darkness comes light ?
finally saw him ?
"ima bust a \into the wild\"" when i grow up   more -_-"""
i remember when everything was rainbow flavor   now its like <propmale> road  
"~ few cases of eyestrain have been developed by looking on the bright side of things\  "
last night this morning was so much fun!! saw 3d was   bloody? haha
i need glitter!!
happy halloween  playful 
had a fun time with my babe ?
i am free of all prejudices  i hate every one equally   joyful 
"\youth is the engine of the world\""- matisyahu ?"""
munching on some menchie's thanks to my babe! ? yummy!!  joyful 
stupid drunk man   -_-
home alone    joyful 
havent seen him for more than a year and i miss him terribly   ?  sad 
i have the attention span of a 5yr ooooooohh shinnnnyyyyyyy o o
"i have fell into this place i call my own, i think i'll stay here for a while "
i guess all that waiting was for nothing then  
going out with my babe  smile 
"we all <propfemale> these things, inside that no one else can see  they hold us down like anchors  they drown us out at sea "
poor leno  
tao!! hell yessssssss!
? pandora
got a new phone   need contacts!   again -_- text me ppl!
ugh work   almost kinda a little bit done!  yay!
yay i woke up on time this morning!  laugh  no thanks to my alarm that was supposed to go off at 7am! > sad 
should i start going by <propfirst> or <propfirst>   i go by both (exactly 50 50) but i think i should pick just one no?  
guess who got their medical card? (^ ^)
i love the little piggy that cried all the way home in that one car insurence commerical   weeeee weeeeee weeeee weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!! he's so cute  playful 
damn my shynss!   and awkardness   -_- grrr  
the lie 
my name is ???????????????? in japanese!! coooll!!  playful 
just finished reading one of the most amazing books ever  smile  now i can go to sleep in peace cause i know how it ended yay!
i wish    sad 
i'm just in awe of what's in front of me 
memories 
"i have a bad feeling about this   o,o"
today was fun  smile 
wake and bake  laugh 
just when i thought it was impossible for him to get any stupider   he did 
fell asleep underneath the flowers for a couple of hours
"i love anything that has the word \dream\"" in it   for example; bluedream xxx   hehe"""
everytime the <propfemale> shines i become alive
whoa   i had a dream about a person that i rarely see or talk to and when i woke up i had a text from that same person telling me to call them o o
i'm half elf  smile 
ehh  
even walking down the street bring back memories  <propmale> may be gone but will never be forgotten  
"me: \ma es la <propfemale> de la manana!\"" mom: \""aayy hija porque?!\""    oh mother lol"""
someone hire me damn it! -__-
mmmmm orange crush  love 
change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is to not see a human face on facebook till monday december 6th  support the fight against child abuse by copying and pasting this as your status 
blueberry crush  love 
if i sent you an invite to the <propfemale> chat thing i did it by accident i just clicked on some button! sooorrrrryyyyy!!! lol
let the drummer kick 
it's time for change    ?
phoneless   again   -___-
"biking around pacoima and mission hills was actually pretty fun, i think i found a new hobbie "
date with my babe  smile 
"after a few smashed fingers and toes, sore arms, a huge headache and a messed up back i finally finished rearranging my room!   so it could somehow look exactly the same as before  -_-"
 love 
ugh i need a massaaagggeeee!!  
 sad 
i always believed that everyone had at least a bit of good in them but now i realise i'm wrong and that makes me really sad   what a cruel world this is 
"woke up with a bump on my forehead, even in my sleep i hurt myself  -___-"
i have hit rockbottom 
<propfirst> pilgrim vs the world  love 
"up up here we go, let's fly "
"my mom (grandma) always tells me the story of how she came to <propfemale>, i know it so well sometimes i'm the one who ends up telling it to her lol oh mother mother    smile "
a little <propfirst> of sunshine is all i need to make my day  smile 
reach for the stars so if you fall you land on a cloud 
and if you keep that smile then you'll find a way and if you keep the sun out then you'll find a way and if you keep the pressure down you'll find a way 
last time i walk somewhere in the dark ;o
"ima gonna go crawl under my blankets now, someone wake me up next year -__-"
me and <propfemale> would get lost and somehow end up at raging waters in san dimas at 2am on xmas!lmao! i realized i have 411 on my cell too late  playful 
my love brought me menchies  smile  i am one happy camper!
i had a dream i was running and i woke up this morning with the urge to run so ima run!  laugh  run run run! ahhh why am i so hyper??  surprise  hahahaha
ran on the treadmill and my legs still feel superlight and restless! > sad  next stop the mile!  laugh 
my whole body feels like a noodle! but it feels good! i can't wait for another run tomorrow! anyone wanna join??  laugh 
had a great run!  laugh  now i want some food and by food i mean   subway!!
'cause i know i might lose it by taking the <propmale> but love without pain is'nt really romance  ok 
"stay or forever go, play or you'll never know "
so i was reading about my zodiac sign and   it describes me perfectly!  surprise  even the negative part! whoa  
"just got back from a nice run at the mile, going again tomorrow anyone wanna join?  smile     this time for reals lol  playful "
an eye for an eye  i don't care if everyone ends up blind  i enjoy my sweet revenge and that's that 
i feel better when i stop caring    smile 
i'm off to the dream world! let's see what my subconscious has in store for me tonight x)
i am dreaming 
i hate watching the episde where maes hughes dies it makes me so sad   but i can't not watch it! agghh  sad  poor <propfemale>  
it's been 5 months since i last had a conversation with my dad and now my fasfa application had to ruin it -__- ugghhhh so not looking forward to it  but it's a sacfrice i'm willing to make for school i gueessss    
eeepppppppppp! <propmale> rogen is soooo hoootttt and super sexy!  laugh 
omg everyone is making a big deal about everyone making a big deal about theyre zodiac signs changing  surprise  lol  playful 
"today was a good day  smile  ran 5 <propmale> and e playful lored the nature side of hansen dam, found new trials and beautiful views, i even got to climb a big tree! i love trees!  laugh "
you feel like paradise and i need a vacation tonight!!
what to do what to do today  annoyed 
i don't know how i'm surviving without my cell! ahhh!
it was just a nightmare o o
<propfemale> likes whaaattt??  surprise 
"so i'm reading this one book that's supposed to e playful lain why marijuana is bad   but it's saying how it treats health problems, makes you hungry, sleepy, relaxed and gives you a euphoric feeling   how is that bad? -__-"
everytime i hear jumper it reminds me of yes man! i love that movie x)
delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol ^ ^
strawberry chapstick  love 
and i can't see at all but even if i could it would all be gray
it is better to be hated for who you are then loved for who you are not 
"i can handle having a bad hair day, dropping greasy pizza on me, spilling hot coffee on me, crashing into walls that suddenly appear out of nowhere and having a dead phone all in one day i can laugh about all that but i cannot and will not handle losing my ganja! that there is no laughing matter  sad ((("
woke up nauseated -_- ugh the smell of food makes me wanna throw up
lui  love 
my tummy is asking for food because i havent eaten all day but i can't even stand the smell of it  sad  why does it feel like someone is pounding my head with a hammer??  sad ((
i try    annoyed 
uh oh it's starting! i woke up with a stuffy nose d: i dont wanna get sick  sad (((
i miss middle school  annoyed 
woke up feeling productive this morning  smile  i give it 2hours <propmale>
"me: don't blow it up, it's gonna pop  tere: *blows it up* balloon: pop!"
my saliva is my own worst enemy it tried to choke me to death twice already  literally - -
reality is prison your mind can set you free
finally talked to my big brother!! yay!!  laugh   love  whoa! it's the afternoon <propfemale>!  surprise 
i love glowsticks!  laugh 
seriously?   - -
waited in line at the dmv for an hour then we had to wait another hour inside but we got to cut in front of everyone cause we had a 5 year old cutie pie!  laugh 
what a nightmare o o
what a fun night  love   smile 
limitless!  surprise 
seriously funny kids!  love  lmao!!
today was a good day x)
shopping  love   laugh 
misssion: poke evverrryyoneee!!!!  playful 
freeeddoommm!!   ima miss it when i go back to pacoima    annoyed 
finally saw him  smile   love 
forgotten   annoyed 
where are all the insomniacs? - -
early morning insomniac thoughts:
oh god! i'm so tired of these lies i don't think i even care anymore!    hmmm   do i?    ummm no 
does anyone know what time the free lykke <propfemale> concert is gonna be at???
it's really hard trying to be sneaky when you start having a cough attack out of nowhere - -
let's fly
our dreams will break the boundry of our fear
if one more person tells me i look skinnier i will start breaking necks - -
"i need a punching bag - -     or a room full of breakable unneeded objects, that would make me one happy girl"
i dropped my phone in the toilet - - and it still works!!  laugh 
theres a world out there that we should see
i can't wait for tomorrow night's full <propfemale> (^ ^) 14% bigger and 30% brighter!  surprise 
wow yesterday was a great day night morning! let's see how this day turns out  smile 
where is the redo button on this game called life?   or more like reset? i feel like i'm losing so i don't wanna play anymore d:< unless i get to start all over  
fuddruckers!  love 
i would love rainy days if i had someone to spend them with    sad 
beautiful <propfemale>  love 
anyone want a cute <propfemale> cat? he black and white and really really playful!
"if you feel like a tourist in the city you were born in, it's time to go "
i was happy once upon a time 
insomnia @ @
