63f4c4f44953d9e7193de95604dce0e4
happy halloween! tonight is going to be fun! can't wait!
so sleepy   
had to go to the e r  this morning but i'm feeling a little better
i love the rain!
happy new year!
went to see the four tops and temptations in concert with my mom and <propfirst>  it was fun and now time for bed 
its snowing!  smile 
work at 4 today   blah   but no work tomorrow!  smile 
blah
no work today!!  smile 
no work today! might go to the mall   idk yet 
everyone is talking about the earthquake but i didnt even feel it lol
comment the new pics!!  love 
can`t wait for my vacation next week!
having a good day spending time with my husband  love u babe!  love 
chillin at home with my husband  love u  love 
having dinner with my babe  yummmy i love japanese food  love 
i love my husband! he`s my best friend  i don`t know what i`d do without him  love 
i hope my <propfemale> <propfirst> will be ok  he`s really sick  sad 
hey the pirate language on here is awesome! haha
r i p  <propfirst> i love you  love 
miss my <propfirst>  sad   r i p  baby boy
r i p  <propfirst>  love      omg i'm gonna be 25 next friday! i'm getting old haha
 love r i p  toby love  can`t wait til friday! i`m gonna be 25! gonna have a good time with my family 
gonna be 25 tomorrow! omg so weird lol
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes  smile 
ugh i hate the heat  i wish it was winter!
made chicken enchiladas for dinner  they were yummy  smile 
watched the fireworks at morongo  they were pretty cool  now its time for bed!
at the park with my neice having fun  smile 
i have a sunburn on my back  it really hurts  maybe i should start wearing sunblock lol
blah   i`m so bored  i hope we go out this weekend 
last night was crazyy
true blood was so good tonight!
in-n-out sounds sooo good right now!
had fun last night at the hookah bar  i really want to go to the beach soon!
so sleepy   goodnight 
going to the eye dr  today  i hope my eyes are still good and i don`t need glasses 
eww some people bug me   
had fun at halas last night!
yay true blood is on!!  smile 
hurt my ankle and i have to use stupid crutches ugh
finally got my haircut today  it doesnt feel so heavy anymore!
my ankle is killing me  sad 
i have this headache that won't go away   it hurts really bad
blah   
ughh wtf??
omg i feel like crap
about to clean the house   oh joy lol
let's go chargers!
omg its cold but i love it!!
sooo pissed   omg
so sleepy  i think its time for a nap!!
 sad 
making dinner  smile 
i love this weather  love 
i'm so annoyed right now
i hate this heat!!
making stuffed <propfemale> peppers  yummy  smile 
its so cold outside i love it!
i feel so sick  sad 
watching the first season of true blood  smile 
woo hoo chargers won!!  smile 
watching the chargers game  love 
so irritated   
i want to make a chocolate cake!
wow myspace is trying to be like facebook lol
i love this cold weather  love 
playing just dance 2  smile 
happy thanksgiving!
decorating the christmas tree  smile 
i keep having the strangest dreams   so weird 
yumm i love stuffed <propfemale> peppers
wow its 28 degrees outside! i  love  the cold
"changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon from our childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday here should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is for violence against children   "
getting some christmas shopping done
chargers play tomorrow  go chargers!
had a good day today watching the chargers game at my dad's 
wow it is super foggy
<propfemale> christmas!
epic <propfirst> is so fun!
it's snowing! i  love  it!
wow the snow is coming down good  and there's thunder and lightning  crazy
wow its 22 degrees outside! i love the cold i get to cuddle with my hubby  love 
banana
got to see my nephew today  he's so so cute!
just got my haircut  it feels so much lighter now  i love it 
my knee hurts so bad  i think i hurt it on the trampoline ughh
