d00405b6c4342f41c2d698fb29de24f9
happy new year everyone!
sky blue
is sleepy 
veging out  <propmale> is sleeping next to the cat and the cat is grooming his ear  sometimes they actually like each other   playful 
"just made dinner  homemade black bean soup with crumbled bacon, topped with sour cream, flavored with cumin, celery, carrots, onions, and chilies  warm and yummy "
happy easter everyone! hope you all have a lovely one 
"it's official! i am heading back to school in the fall  i met with my advisor this afternoon, my deposits are all in, and i'm beginning to register for classes   laugh  soooo excited! a little scared, too  but mostly excited "
sent you a farmville invite to wrangle a mustang   check your e-mail   smile 
scrubbing cat yak off the living-room rug has totally been the highlight of my day   annoyed 
"if anyone got weird emails or anything from me yesterday don't open them  i think this computer got a virus and am still determining the extent of the damage and how it got here  i started up, walked away from the screen to grab some dinner while firefox booted up (before i had the <propmale> to touch anything) and when i got back everything had gone kerflooey  i wasn't even here to click anything; no idea what happened "
"having a rough day so i went to the mall  hopefully this doesn't result in ill-advised \i'm unhappy\"" purchases """
"i'm sitting here eating cheese and crackers and writing music  i haven't composed a piece in almost 6 years now but was wandering around the house singing \lo how a <propfemale> e'er blooming\"" this morning and was broadsided by the urge to arrange some type of brass chorale around it  so i downloaded a demo of finale and am doing so   smile """
saw 'inception' today  that's a heck of a movie   smile  very trippy 
"computing on my new hp with a core i7  omg, is love  rocket power!!!!!!"
"pretty much all moved in to my new on-campus apartment  had some super-awesome help (thanks again, guys!) and got so much done today   smile  now i just have to finish the minor stuff and pick up the few things i forgot "
sleepy  what a week it's been!
"well, i got one of my books today  i need to become a professor and write textbooks  $115 dollars for one stinking book??? unreal  and they were all sold out of used copies  plus it turns out i need to go off campus to a different bookstore to get all the rest of my stuff  gotta make things complicated   playful  oh well "
"wandered all over campus today timing out how long it took me to get from building to building  everything looks do-able, even the three back-to-back classes i have that are a good distance apart  i can make it if i hustle   smile "
must go find a mailbox somewhere on this campus   
had a blue day today  hopefully tomorrow will be better  at least <propmale> was perky!
"rain rain, go away    or stay so i can write poetry about you for class "
ugh  sick   sad 
i has a clean bathroom! clorox toilet wands rule  and lysol too  i like lysol 
went to an awesome reading by <propmale> schneiderman tonight downtown at hallwalls  it was so much fun  he's quite a performer! looking forward to reading his book!
"tired  test in poetry tomorrow that i'm worrying about  he's going to give us a few lines from a poem and we have to be able to give title and author  there are about 30 poems that we've gone over so far  i'm working on them, so we'll see how things go  my memory is not so great and i'm concerned i won't be able to know them well enough "
"just got back from poetry test  know i missed at least two and there were only 25 questions  don't know what else i could have done to study for this thing; i sat down and recorded myself reading every one of nearly 30 poems and looped it onto my ipod and listened for hours, wrote poem titles and authors endlessly in every permutation to cement them into my brain, and still couldn't remember them when i needed to "
just saw a sherwin <propmale> commercial where the entire thing was made out of animated paint chips  it made me squee  i likes paint chips  they is colorful 
"got an a on my poetry test: 96% i missed 2 but the curve was nuts  you could literally have gotten a 40% and still passed  one poor soul apparently got a 0 \\but, i had my computer science midterm this morning and i blew it  i had a fever of 103 last night, am on 4 different cold meds, really out of it, and still sat the test  i took every last second but didn't finish  professor said she'd grade it and we'd talk   sad "
i hate people who put their laundry in both of the two machines that we have for the entire apartment building and then don't come back for over two hours after it's done  i'm never going to get laundry done tonight 
"i think this stupid cold or flu or whatever is starting to break up a little  i don't feel like i'm going to rupture a lung anymore, anyhow "
"1 of every 10 people born is gay  1 of every 10 people is instantly put down, given bad labels, left alone, put in a minority & so much more, all for something they didn't ask for  many gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping  if you want to tell them life will get better & you respect them for who they are, copy & paste this, most of you won't, but let's see the 5% of you who will "
"got home from work, ate dinner, and now must finish writing paper, and reading things  lots and lots and lots of things "
cheeseburger doritos = not so good   annoyed 
midterms suck 
"these 12 and 14 hour days are killing me  having both morning day and night classes is brutal  one or the other would be ok, but not both  i wish that all the classes i want were offered during the day "
"woohoo! 2nd computer science exam was much easier than i thought it would be  (hopefully? as long as i didn't get tricked by anything, lol) i think i did pretty well on it "
"papers, papers everywhere! aahhhhhgh! thank goodness thanksgiving break is next week "
i got a nook color!!!!!!!!!! dad and mom got it for me for an early christmas gift! soooooo happy!
making cheesy smashed potatoes! turkey will be done in half an hour and then yummy thanksgiving dinner!
"pissed off at farmville right now  all 5 of the foals i was supposed to have successfully gotten from the feed tonight never made it to my gift box, and my 80k pink holiday tree is missing from my farm  so much for a nice break from finals  now i'm just ticked "
yay insomnia!
"making turkey chili for dinner then must go finish christmas shopping  not looking forward to hitting the mall tonight, that's for certain!"
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! hope you all have a wonderful day wherever you may be  safe travels to those that are, and best wishes for a lovely christmas day "
classes start again tomorrow!  smile  here's hoping for a good semester 
"ok, thought this was fun, so i'm playing now before i go to sleep so i can get up for spanish class annoyed you and i wake up in jail together    using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   4 words is hard to come up with!"
"first day's classes went well  bio sounds like it will be easy, and spanish sounds challenging but interesting  the professor spoke all in spanish right from the start, and i managed to get most of it, so i'm hoping it won't be bad  \poor <propmale>'s tummy is bothering him tonight  i'm hoping we both manage to get some sleep  poor boy  \here's to a good night and an even better tomorrow  hope you all had a lovely day "
robot chicken is awesome   smile  now i can go to bed 
"made the <propfirst>'s list for fall semester! just got the e-mail a minute ago   smile \\in other news, holy bejeepers is it ever cold today! <propmale>'s poor little footies are freezin'! and far be it for mr stubborn to wear a set of boots    he'd rather be in pain  he limps worse with the boots on than he does with them off  stupid, hard-headed, incredibly lovable and wonderful hairball  what would i do without him?"
"dogs are fantastic  <propmale> farts, then gets up and runs out of the room and leaves me to deal with it "
"i am so done with being sick  come on, body, time to get it together "
"i am supposed to be writing  damn you, facebook  why can i not stay off here? i can't shut the computer off, either, 'cause i need it to work on my classwork    why i ever joined this thing in the first place, i'll never know  it's like a freaking addiction "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
"today is my birthday and i'm raising money for circle tail, inc  service and hearing dogs  click here to donate: http annoyed  wishes causes com wishes 227427?bws=st"
"today is my birthday and i'm raising money for circle tail, inc  service and hearing dogs  click here to donate: http annoyed  wishes causes com wishes 227427?bws=st"
"today is my birthday and i'm raising money for circle tail, inc  service and hearing dogs  click here to donate: http annoyed  wishes causes com wishes 227427?bws=st"
"today is my birthday and i'm raising money for circle tail, inc  service and hearing dogs  click here to donate: http annoyed  wishes causes com wishes 227427?bws=st"
so frustrated right now  trying to work on stuff for writing workshop and can't get a story started to save my life  where did all the ideas go?
"anyone got any home remedies for an upset stomach? it's been weeks (more like months, but who's counting?) and i've tried prilosec and nexium from the doctor, ginger peppermint tea, tums, crackers, white rice, yogurt, not eating, eating only fruit smoothies, sipping icewater    i'm just plain out of ideas  anyone have any super-secret family remedies they can share? at this point i'll give just about anything a shot "
pissed off  the absolute earliest the gastroenterologist could see me was may f'in 12th  so i get to spend the entire rest of the semester feeling like crap 
