3c21a41f2c3b37eef6178935271686a8
finally posting a picture from a great facebook reunion!!!
finally hitting the hay at 3 smile 5  thank you <propfemale> and <propfirst> for an awesome new year party!  happy new year to all my friends and family!
black
"alright, now that i am really trying to stick with this facebook thing, someone has to tell me the difference between news feed and live feed "
"taking the kids to see <propmale> & the chipmonks \the squeekwal\"" today   any reviews?  how painful will this be?  i have to say   the first one was kinda cute   part 2's usually bomb   anyone?"""
"i've seen the \squeekwal\"" and live to tell about it   not as painful as i thought it would be  kids loved and that's what counts """
brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!
meeting my friend <propfirst> for lunch on long island today   very looking forward to seeing her!
"finally a day at home to put my house back together after new furniture deliveries, painters and christmas   christmas decorations be gone!"
the new carpet is in  the new carpet is in   hooray! looks like a different house 
heading out to <propmale>'s soccer tournament   go hawks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   
off to yoga  ahhhhhhhhhhhh zen 
just curious   what ever happened to the swine flu?  and what disease of the year will they threaten worldwide death with next year 
happy birthday to my little guy <propmale>! he is nine years old today  how could that have happened so fast?
"recovering from a very long, very fun night with friends  <propmale> had a great birthday  thank you everyone!"
i am so proud of my son <propfirst> and his band after september for putting on an amazing show at the <propmale> today  you guys rock!  and thank you to my friends who came out and were so supportive  we are so appreciative 
yoga today! i get to completely leave the planet and shut out the world for an hour  what could be better?
"okay   can we be done with the whole \life is too short for regrets\"" crap   we all love eachother   blah blah blah    let's get on with it   it is getting very boring!"""
"let it snow, let it snow, let it snow    i mean make it stop, make it stop, make it stop  wasn't e playful ecting this today!"
take out from <propmale>'s  steak and pasta     can't wait!!!!!!
high school talent show tonight  after september will be rocking the win!
i am back from florida  mom is doing much better than i e playful ected  it was very hard to leave her though  hitting the ground running today  what did i miss?
i win biggest loser of the the day  i spent the morning getting the house ready for the cleaning lady only to realize she doesn't come until next week  i am losing it!
"what is your \personal\"" snow prediction for your area tomorrow? i am guessing 6 inches in <propfemale> """
my facebook just changed  is there no more news feed and live feed?  is most recent now live feed?  not getting it!  help?
the snow is really putting a crimp in my plans today! i wanna get out of this town!
2 hour delay and i'm still predicting no school for tomorrow  it better be all over on friday because i need to get <propmale>'s toyota recall problem fixed and my car inspected among other things  inspection way e playful ired  busy day friday thanks to all this weather 
<propmale> boys were extremely unhappy about the weather this morning! it's pounding snow now so i guess there is always the <propmale> of early dismissal?!?! don't know what to make of this weather 
<propfirst> is the goddess of my life  she consistently meet my needs  i could not find my cleaning ladies number   <propfirst> had it  she has my kids guitar teachers number and always tells me what time it is  this is my formal shout out!
rain    rain    rain   will you ever turn to snow?
finally snowing!!!! hopefully we will all be sleeping in tomorrow!
day two of soup diet  had soup for breakfast today  will be having soup for lunch and oooh   soup for dinner  this better freakin' work!
"soup diet day three! today i can have fruit and soup  cantelope for breakfast today! yum  and    down 3 pounds! i am good at maintaining, but not losing, so if i could drop a total of ten pounds i will be psyched "
day four soup diet  very excited to be down 5 pounds already  today i get to add in bananas and skim milk  love bananas    hate milk  it should be interesting 
soup diet day five  chugged a lot of skim milk yesterday - yuck! did not gain or lose weight today  day five allows me a steak  cannot wait!!!! five pounds down and hoping for more!
soup diet day six  got to have an awesome steak last night  i so needed that  today i can have steak and veggies and soup  i only lost 1 2 pound more so i'm down 5 5 pounds  hoping for a big end of week drop if i'm gonna make it down ten 
"soup diet day seven  last day of diet, still only down 5 5 pounds  hoping to see more tomorrow morning  today is brown rice, unsweetened fruit juice and soup  i think i'm just gonna throw rice into the soup for substance  glad it's the last day  gonna try to be good after this though  if anyone has good heathy meal recipes, let me know!"
"soup diet - over! total of 6 pounds down in seven days  not as good as i hoped, but definately worth it  let's just see if i can keep it off now! - <propfirst> i will definately walk today "
"just found out that <propfirst>'s band \after september\"" has made it to the third and final round of the break contest  winner of this round plays at giant's stadium      fingers crossed!"""
is anyone's allergies going crazy? poor <propmale> has not stopped sneezing for five minutes today  he's like that girl that was on the news for sneezing every 20 seconds 
"took my son <propmale> to the emergency room last night for excessive sneezing  he was worse than the girl on the news  sounds crazy but everyone working in the er said that they had never seen anything like this before  everyone was coming by his room to check him out  they gave him benedryl and prednisone  he slept good, but woke up sneezing  not as bad as last night though  hoping it's the tail end "
<propmale> spent most of the day still sneezing  it seems to be gradually diminishing  after this second dose of meds we are hoping to have a sneeze free tomorrow  thanks for all the good wishes 
is anyone out there actually happy about this health care <propmale> passing? i really need to know 
"so they just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it, passed by a congress that exempts themselves from it, signed by a president who smokes, with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes, all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese, and better yet it is to be financed by a country that's broke "
"i would like to thank the debellos for having us over for easter and making us part of the family for the day  great food, great friends  what could be better?"
the appliance guy is here working on my dryer  will today be the day? will it actually work agian? i despise the laundromat!!!!!
after september had a great show yesterday  they are unfortunately not one of the bands moving on  we could not be more proud of them  i would like to sincerely thank all of our friends and family who continually support the band  we truly appreciate it  the boys were thrilled when the judge told them they wouldn't be suprised if they were as big as all time low in a few years 
blown water heater! at least they can have it replaced today  it's always something 
"just reorganized my closet and had to figure out what to do with all my boots, shoes, sandals and sneakers  when taking all my footwear out of my closet and looking it over it was overwhelming  i need to know how much footwear does the average girl have? i want to know if my number is normal or exteme so post the total number of shoes, boots, etc  that you think you have         "
"i love going on vacation    i hate packing  clothes everywhere, nothing in the suitcase "
back at the pool after an awesome night at the casino  may the gods shine upon us again tonight 
back at the pool  hot sun   crazy wind  still loving three card poker  looking forward to another decent day at the tables 
"vegas was awesome, but now i have the aftermath    clean the house   catch up on laundry    supermarket    i miss vegas already!"
"<propfirst> is my favorite son and i love him very much  oh and i am very jealous of his hair and good looks, he can thank me for that  but really i should be thanking him for all the joy he brings me love "
jagermeister with the neighbor's   things are getting ugly  gotta love 4th of july weekend 
in the theater anxiously awaiting the start of eclipse 
off to great wolf lodge with my neices and the debello's  fun!
got to great wolf lodge water park and forgot my bathing suit  pricy error 
trying to get some sun in the backyard  don't seem to have the stamina for it anymore 
"on the plane, ready to take off   grandma here we come!!!!!!!"
mom's homemade eggplant parmesan for breakfast  i have a very happy belly!
gambling grandma's trip to the casino was again a success  she is one lucky old lady  i so love getting that one on one time with my momma!
<propmale>'s here!  <propmale>'s here! my day is complete!!!  smile 
"<propmale> told a joke that his poppy told him  i told him that poppy's a funny guy  he said \mom    funny? he's hilarious and he does magic tricks!!!\"" i told him he was very lucky to have such a poppy!"""
"under a pavilion in a thunderstorm at a little league game in middletown, new york   gotta love summer baseball "
"saw \the other guys\"" yesterday  by no means an academy award winning film but definately had some really funny parts  worth the trip!"""
today my oldest son (and one of my best friends) turned 16  i couldn't be more proud of the man he is becoming  he got his permit and we spent our morning driving around  life has just changed drastically 
"great day at universal's islands of adventure\ off to waste away again in margeritaville for dinner   i predict a very pretty ice cold drink is in my future "
just rode the rip ride rocket at universal  may need a visit to the chiropractor after that one!
back in new york after an awesome vacation  hope weather is better tomorrow than it is today 
<propmale> is very excited to have ms  demme for his fourth grade teacher as am i 
"every year i can't wait for the first day of school to come  then when it gets here i always think \i could use just a few more days \"""""
brrrrrrr! had to warm my car up for the bus run this morning  i am sooooo missing summer already!
just got home from my third and final curriculum night  thank god!!!! i think <propmale>'s last year in elementary school will be the best  what an awesome teacher mrs  demme is!
brrrrrrrrrrrrr!
just want to thank my friends for always being troopers and making my halloween party a success  every year we consider doing a best costume contest but i could never choose  everyone was awesome this year! too much fun!!!!
a much needed night out with the girls!!!!!
sitting outside the mid-hudson civic center patiently waiting for <propfirst> and his crew to emerge  soooo bored 
love my neighborhood!  partying at the underground pub at <propmale> and <propfemale>'s with my coolest neoghbors 
"in the theater,  anxiously awaiting the start of <propmale> potter   my excitement is way beyond normal!"
at the dentist with <propmale>   having a baby molar pulled  i think i'll give him the rest of the day off 
just want to wish my family an early <propfemale> christmas  wish i could be there to celebrate with you guys  love and miss you!
<propmale> is playing basketball against <propfirst> girardi's son in <propmale> 
not even 9 surprise 0am and it's all over  i am getting to say <propfemale> christmas to my friends and family on my new laptop! now i can scrabble from anywhere  i just want to wish everyone a very <propfemale> christmas!!!!!!! have an awesome day!
husband already in bed    six kids shooting darts throughout the upstairs   i'm soooo bored!!!!
very proud of my son <propfirst> and his band after september for a very stellar performance at the <propmale> yesterday! pretty confident they will be making it through to the second round! and a big thanks to the higgins for hosting the after party!
school tomorrow?  2-hour delay?? no school???  hmmmmmmm??????
already got the call for tomorrow    2 hour delay 
"bye bye spring break! if we had 5 snow days in january, how many will february bring? i'm making the best of it with homemade chocolate chip waffles! only problem is trying to keep the kids quiet while their dad works from home  he's on one phone call after another  shhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!"
"i am hosting a <propfemale> dinner dance for our cooperstown baseball team on saturday april 2nd from 7-11pm at arbor ridge in hopewell junction  the tickets are $75pp and will include ****full open bar****, butlered hors d'oeuvers, dinner, dessert, dj and dancing! it's like a wedding without the annoying relatives!!!! come as a couple or as a group! tickets are on sale now! get 'em while their hot!!!!!"
