f2e637b86d525ef89f377f0c4f1180a7
"4 more days of school     field day sucked, are yearbooks look horrible, but that was the only good thing about today  laugh "
tired   my house is getting new carpet so the furniture is everywhere o o   wow    and my room    the closet is clean   but everything else    i would like to not go their   
"we're the type of friends that don't know why we start laughing, so we laugh harder"
sooo tired    wanna sleep    *yawns*
i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts  there they are standing in a row big ones small ones some as big as your head give 'em a twist a flick of the wrist that's wut the show man said now that i've got a lovely bunch of coconuts everybody knows they'll make
soooooo   has anyone heard any good jokes lately????
lalalalalala i am soooo bored  laugh dd
i am gonna be soooooo tired when i get home     just thinking about it gets me even more tired 
"going to forks, washington tomorrow  smile     early wake up though  sad "
got back from forks  laugh  i loved it   small town though 
marley and me makes me sad  crying  i cried  sad 
*yawn* i have no life   anyone wanna' talk?  laugh 
"i finally harvested my super berries on farm ville! it took a while   gosh, i am really bad at harvesting my crops on time  laugh "
getting my 8th grade schedual tomorrow! please let me have good teachers!
"period 1: high, honors language arts; period 2: band cadet, oki; period 3: healthfitness 8, victorino; period 4: world studies 8 honors, bishop; period 5: science 8, <propmale>; period 6: geometry 1, rosenfeld "
it's not denial  i'm just very selective about the reality i accept 
i want school  i want school  i want school 
school starts tomorrow! finally!  laugh dddd
i loved the first day of school  smile 
i enjoyed geometrey     that is scary    lol  laugh 
watching supernatural    omg   it's intense  smile  i love castiel!!!  laugh 
"i've been working on the rail road, all the live long day   lol "
lalalalalalalalalal
nothing to do   nothing to do    
omg  laugh  i was with a strom trooper at the puyallup fair!  laugh 
"i hate hw, lol  too much already!!!!"
"the weekend should last longer    how about two weeks, lol   laugh "
gonna go get my hair trimmed   be back whenever 
"i'll cu all at school   oh and just for the fyi, homework is like perdition  it sucks "
prove it!! use evidence from the text!!!!
*sighs* nice long weekend ahead  smile 
"nothing to do   oh yeah that's right hw   nah, who needs it  laugh dd"
why does school get out at 3 surprise 1!! it's stupid! what are we going to learn it one minute?! i mean seriously!~
"i got my flu shot (not swine flu shot, just regular) at target tonight  in other news, penguins are taking over california  playful "
going to bed  night all  happy halloween!!
november 1st    we can an extra hour of sleep!!! finally!!!
dinner time! gtg  laugh d
yeah  i'm growing my hair out to my shoulders  once i get a new curling iron my hair will be curly like this!  laugh 
home work should be illegal on the weekends   
lalal   so bored    *sighs* i don't wanna go to bed!
"from now on, whenever i think of buzz lightyear, i will think of gravy "
well   in about 13 minutes will be leaving for the dentist to get my braces on   yucky!  laugh 
"history day is the worst e playful erience in the enitre world  and this country wonders why we hate social studies sometimes? people who enjoyed history day (not learning new things that are interesting, just the entire thing in general) are idiots and should die in a hole "
hates history day  but at least it is over unless you go to regionals   playful 
omg! i have 101 friends now!! yay!!!  smile 
omg! saints are goin' to the supa bowl!!! woot!~
do you think teachers should give us homework on the weekends? e playful lain 
"lindsey: <propfemale> n , you're a gay purple dinosaur <propfemale>: but i don't want to be <propmale>!!  (yeah  we have weird conversations at school  laugh )"
"omg, okay so my dog was on a walk with my parents, when suddenly a rat came out from this one man hole, so they let trixie go, and she catches the rat!!! it squeals when she bites it, but my dad pulled trixie away from it and let the rat go because there were kids around *rolls eyes* who cares!? they'd get over it!  laugh d"
has a <propmale> headache do to the gizmo in mr  <propmale>'s class    who cares about stupid sin and cos stuff until we are in algebra 3-4  way too hard too much work    
lalal   just chillin'
this itunes download is taking a really long time    5 hours remaining  sad  its really pissing me off 
wow   i just randomly started clicking yes and no on friend quiz  laugh  this should trun out interestingly    
the secret of getting ahead is getting started  does that mean my 5 hours of homework was worth it? hmmm    
"is going to disney world!! will be back online next sunday! i'll miss you, guys! (you know who you are!)"
"just finished reading the first book in the death note series  i admit light is a bit   odd   but he's smart  and hot, so its all good!  laugh "
is running really low on socks *sighs* oh well    its not that bad  i at least have enough pairs for 7-10 days  so its all good   kinda  laugh 
140 friends! i need more!!  laugh ddd
"girl: this is so boring! there's nothing to do in this stupid forest!\boy: just look around you  nature is wonderful!\girl: what's to love about nature! all i see are a lot of trees and two squirrels wrestling \boy: ummm    they're not wrestling \girl: oh    "
msp    stupid name=stupid test  click like if you hate msp 
band field trip is going to be amazing!  smile  12pm-12am  awsome  smile 
thank god the laptop roll in is over! i want to get back to my normal schedual at school and not miss any more lessons 
like this status & i'llwrite on your wall saying something i like about you  set this as your status
school dance is tomorrow  who's all goin'?
can't wait for the dance    gonna be fun   who else is going?!?!??!
has anybody gotten their pictures from the dance that the one lady was taking and stuff?
bestfriends are siblings god forgot to give you  smile 
last day of school tomorrow! eighth graders will be freshmen!!  smile 
look out kw here comes class of 2014!  smile 
"omg i need 10 cherries, 9 coconuts, and 9 pineapples!!!!"
"someone should send me some cherries    and pineapples    on restaraunt city (i know i probably didn't spell that right, but i do not care!)"
golfing in about fourty two minutes  hope i have a good round!  smile 
"benny: (about <propmale>) peeping at girls, getting into fights  boy when that kids juevos drop, its like thunder! (omg i love geroge lopez  laugh ) "
"i need pineapples, cherries, and coconut in resteraunt city, stat! quick, we're loosing it!!! o o"
someon should like totally send me a hammer in frontier ville!  smile  plz?
"\it's so fluffy!\"""""
you know you're from seattle when you think 45 degrees is warm 
"just left the st  <propfirst> airport and am driving to germantown, illinois  smile "
"ahhh, washington  it feels good to be home, illinois was too humid  laugh "
ahhhh! people should help clear my land on frontierville   its insane!!! o o
mariners are a disgrace  enough said   m's dropped a season-low 23 games under  500  watch the m's play badly and then fight eachother!
got rubber bands for my braces today! fun! *sarcastic*
who knows me the best? my full name  age  birthday  eye color best friend(s)  nickname(s)  post this as your status and see who knows you the best
"put this as your status!(c what people say)\rate me 1  bestie 2  i hate you 3  homies fo' evas 4  i wish we went out 5  i love you 6  i loved you 7  i miss you 8  dumb 9  sarcastic 10  talkative 11  hot 12  funny 13  amazing 14  tough 15  cute 16  random 17  crazy 18  i'd marry you 19  barely know you"
what do you like more: pepsi <propmale>? or coca-cola zero?
 smile  had a great day  smile 
how many more apps is facebook going to create?!?!? there are way too many!!!
"dad: son, i think we should add a school to our lego city  \son: we don't need one, everyone is born smart  \dad: aww, son, that's beautiful  \son: and all who are born stupid will be ground up for food!  smile "
i am obsessed with the old tv show rescue 911  laugh dd
i love it when you hop into bed and your pillows and sheets smell amazing  smile 
"everything in this room is eatable  in fact even i am eatable, but that is called canabalism my dear children and is frowned upon in most civilizations-willy wonka"
"1st: roche (history)\2nd: band (simpson)\3rd: <propfirst> (science)\4th: <propfirst> (algebra 3-4)\5th: henderson (french)\6th: barnes (english)\advisory: gregson"
getting ready to play at the kw football game! woo! go conks  smile 
"alright   dismiss my previsous status  i am getting ready to play my flute for pep band at the kw football game! god, as if i'd play football  playful "
steph and i  are gonna have a supernatural season 5 marathon!!!  laugh  yayayayyayayaayyayaya  peace~out!
got a b on my algebra 3-4 chapter 2 test    i'll take it!  smile  (it could have been a lot worse    ) 
i watch you when you sleep  laugh  (babysitting was very eventful tonight  only <propmale> would get this)  i'm super bored doing a part of my project for roche     ugh    i am getting really sick of the renaissance!
successful people are successful because they are willing to do what unsuccessful people are unwilling to do ? so simple  so true 
go kw!!! kw is winning 12 to 7 with 9:25 left in the 4th quarter
kw wins with a score of 19 to 7 against auburn!!! we own!! totally dominated aubrun 
"has anybody ever noticed that \studying\"" is \""student\"" and \""dying\"" put together    ?"""
kw beat kl 30-28!!!!  laugh dddd hahahh! take that!!!
steph was here!!! ahahaha!!
"put\thisas your status and see what people rate you: 1 = crazy , 2 = i'd \marryyou , 3 = i love you , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = i'd \kissyou ,7 = moody , 8 = smart , 9 = energetic , 10 = spoiled , 11 = \random , 12= hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough"
"some kids were dropped as a baby     you were clearly thrown in the air, smacked by a ceiling fan, hitting the wall, and tossed out the window  "
"wow  the pokes between steph, <propfemale>, and i have been going on for   dang   months     laugh "
2 days of no school   sweet  smile 
"jon: you haven't been very good this year, you know  what are you asking <propfemale> for?\garfield: leniency  smile "
what channel is the apple cup on for comcast?
bow down to washington!!!
this new profile layout is   interesting   to say the least 
"these are my thoughts as i read the book \the time traveler's wife\"": in the beginning of the book: \""aw! this is so sweet and romantic   very nice book \"" in the middle: \""wow   this is getting slightly sad   more hardships    but still a great read!!\"" in the end: \""wow    this was the single most depressing book i have ever read in my life  emo time  laugh  \"""""
got a new phone  i need #'s!!
"*boy whispers to his mom during a wedding*\boy: \mommy?\""\",f2e637b86d525ef89f377f0c4f1180a7,"house: is it still illegal to perform an autopsy on a living person?\cuddy: are you high?\house: if it's tuesday, i'm wasted \cuddy: it's wednesday "
"house: \there's a bullet in his head \""\",f2e637b86d525ef89f377f0c4f1180a7,we're all pathetic  it's what makes everything interesting  smile 
"\you don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment \"""""
"the sims2 deluxe (the sims i need to install the e playful ansion packs  obviously) decided not to work, so i decide to try out the e playful ansion packs   and they decide to work as though the sims 2 was already installed   that is messed up  playful  but i guess i shouldn't complain if it works  laugh  it's just weird     smile "
"house: listen here \mom\""\",f2e637b86d525ef89f377f0c4f1180a7,"i don't feel like going to the band concert tonight, but i know i have to or else it'll affect my grade  indecision "
"the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on, hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you know  put this as your status if you're against bullying"
"you and i end up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well "
steph ogden was here     surprise 
