f4468b6f16ec665862ee170e6c0990db
aaaah finally just found out what hall i'm staying in and the name of my roooomy     exciting 
"if only, if only  "
mom surprised me with breakfast! - the sausage + bacon  she knows me too well 
hope for change   
worst night of my life    sorry m+d
betrayed again     when i cared so much 
all gooood 
never again 
my last day in hermiston!!! almost gone 
best last night      ever!!!
all set in my dorm room  smile 
love it here now  meeting some awesome people 
my mind is blown 
<propfemale> why are like 5 people form teh 5th floor in finley on fb right now!? crazzzy bitches   smile 
gaaah  homework  annoyed 
aaah  coffee is not good 
i miss my baby!!
the cutest thing   smile 
"finally writing a new song! aaah, it's been so long "
aaah  sakdfjoweldekdw   annoyed 
twins birthday  celebration    i think so   smile  whoop whoop
really wish i had a ***** right now  ha
"boom, and here comes the dynamite  \                         smile "
"boom goes the dynamite\                smile \             ahaha"
noope 
thirsty thursday awaits!   
who are you?!
"multiple personalities?    ya, stop wasting my time "
working hard   ahh
i don't even know!
lay to rest my emotions 
ah-ha my plan worked 
"aaaaaaah    somehow it always surprises me, and then i get disappointed all over again "
"when i'm zone, i'm feeling alright   smile "
i want to wait for the best but time is making me find new interests    hmmm?
aaah  homework for over 5 hours today  want to be done!
what you know about them beavers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
see you soon hermiston!!!
"it's so weird to drive around the streets of hermiston, and <propfemale> with my old friends  i love it!"
pretty sure i bombed my math final     sad  sorry parents 
just got into town!
can't sleep  my mind is thinking bad dreams 
i love my friends!
gone tomorrow  i'll miss you mom dad sisters friends yogi    but i gotta do it 
what to do    what to do  ?
rainbows everywhere!!!
first pay check    booo-yeeaawh 
i haaate math!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
midterm canceled tomorrow!!! yaaay 
i do not enjoy today 
i hate   
quiero desaparecer <propfemale> noche 
no home greeting    ouch
