1c53caf30bc1f7355dddbce84c0f8fe9
bored out of my mind!!!! got to take the baby to the doctors here in a little bit   he is not feeling well!
sick of men making me feel like i am not good enough!!!
bored out of my mind!!!! wishing i had something to do!!!!!!
my nephew turned three today!!! they grow up so fast!!!
tired    wish i could get more sleep!!!!
i dont know what to do anymore!!! why does he have to be such an ass all the time?
just got done swimming with the bestie and 2 out of 3 of my favorite boys! he is sooo amazing! can't wait to go up there in august!
things are getting better! i have him somewhat here with me! i can't wait for august to get up there and <propfemale> out with him! <propfirst> you are sooo freaking amazing! zac you are a great friend and i will always love you!
it's 7 years today since nonna passed away! i love you nonna! i miss you sooo much   i hope to see you again one day! missing the baby daddy more than ever right now! i just need someone to be here for me  i try to please everyone but the miniute i need someone they are never here for me! i love you <propmale>! forever & always!!!!
off from work doing his laundry!!! might go fishing this weekend if i can get a vehicle   i love you zac you will always have my heart  lets be a us again! dont know what all is going on today but i will figure it out 
had a good time at the carnival last night  hoping one of them will call! until the hanging out with sky until zac gets home then heading over there to see him   
just <propfemale> in there <propfirst>! i am here for you and i will always be here for you! confused about a lot but time will sort it all out for me  i do know that the feeling aren't there with zac anymore yes i love him but in a different way than i use to  i think it is time to move on now! i am sorry zac!
i've been spending all my time just thinking bout ya  i don't know what to do i think i'm falling for you  i've been waiting all my life and now i found ya  i don't know what to do i think i'm falling for you!  love 
sitting here bored out of mind  waiting for my test results to come in    can't wait to say i made it!!! loving my life and all the people in in    had lunch at mikey's pizza today and it was awesome!!! lol
2 months till my birthday!!! i can't wait   things are starting to change with me and i am not sure what to make of it!!!  all i know is i am missing him more than anything! 3-14-07
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now! wish right now! things have have changed! i love him but i am not sure what to do move on or hold on!
off from work and i am not sure what is going on today! had the weridest dream last night but thats ok  at least i got to see his face! <propfemale> in there sweetie things will get better i promise!
"wats\ your best favorite memory of you & me? thats wat i would like to \know smile  tell me & then repost this & see wat people says theirs \is about you"
had a long day at work  wish he was here to make it all better! clueless on life someone plz help me  oh and btw i need a boyfriend <propfemale> someone help me out! lol
gonna have a great paycheck tomorrow! wishing he would just understand what i am trying to say! oh well got to get my self back out there!
"just got back from bowling with momma    had a great time   now thinking about cleaning my room in a little bit   but no baby this weekend and i am going to the beach tomorrow! yay time toget sunburned!lol can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shoting stars! i can really use a wish right now, wish right now! wishing i could go back intime and fix my mistakes  but then i would't have learned anything"
i did it  i past the first 3 parts of my ged!!!! i am so excited!!!! home from the beach! going to <propfemale> out with the bestie tonight!
got off from work  haven't been able to get him off my mind! he truley is amaing  the best part is he accepts me for who i am and not who he wants me to be!
why can't she just leave him alone?? he dosesn't want you dummy so get over it! you had your <propmale> and you messed that up   let him be happy  you chose to live this life so freaking live it and leave me & <propfirst> out of it!
hanging out with the kid and baby daddy tonight  wishing he was here with me! oh well tomorrow is fathers day! got to help the baby cook for his daddy!
happy fathers day!!! hope all you dads i know enjoy your day! happy fathers day babe! have fun and go see your son!
where halfway there!
itshot outside! hanging out with the best friend and the kids today!!!
sitting at home with the son!!! i love my life   i wouldn't change anything about it! skylar are <propfirst> are my world! i love you to zac but your just my baby daddy best friend  i know i can at least always count on you!  love 
you can't break the girl if she thinks nothing of you and everything of herself!!! i am going to be happy  one way or another its going to happen!
"poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like this staus if your my \friend  inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment me \if you ever loved me  now lets see who is brave enough to re-post this \and whos brave enough to be honest about me"
my fliping back is killing me!!!!! got the kids this weekend  wishing my best friend and her daughter would <propfemale> out with us  oh well maybe another time 
heading down to cocoa today  taking my sister back where she belongs! hit up the cell if you wanna chat! i love you babe!
i wanna spend the rest of my life with you by my side    forever and ever! every little thing that you do baby i'm amazed by you!
little brother will be down here friday for two weeks  gettin the neice as well yeah  double the children double the fun 
i love how people think they can lie ot talk shit and the other person wont find out!!! guess what i am alot smarter than that!!! and as for your comment piss off! i have what i need and want and i dont need a child like him in my life! and no i am not talking about sky 
not really feeling good  but oh well back to work in the morning
have not been feeling good today! my mouth hurts and i feel like i am going to get sick   but oh well back to work in the morning  mwah  love  i love you babe!
why are people sooo stupid? if you would have just listened to every one and left things alone you wouldn't be where you are at right now  oh well you did it now take the punishment!
it's my birthday!!! and to and to it i am freaking sick  ugh in hate being sick but thats what they make meds for  to make the icky sick bug all better  thanks everyone!
"inbox only: tellme something you've always wanted to tell me, whatever you tell me willstay between us  post this as your status & see what you get  =}"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!! i am off to bed  work in the morning  i love my life and the people in it!!! thanks <propmale> & <propfemale> for the addition to my tat and thanks <propfemale> & everyone else for my ipod and stuff to go with it! thanks daddy for the money!
starting to miss the way things were back when we first got together    i miss the good times and being able to call him mine! i wish i could go back and fix everything but things happen for a reason! just know i do love you and i will always be here for you  
the baby daddy is coming over tonight!!!! wow its going to be crazy  sky is now sleeping in his own big boy bed! my baby is growing up on me   
"yay the air feels soooo nice!!!! lol    time to study, got two test lest and i take them december 3rd and december 10th "
took a long nap with sky today  had fun went to the gym  one day i will have a smaller body  i am working toward it  i have set a goal and i will achive it!
"september is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family \member, and friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honor \of those who continue to conquer it! put this up if you love someone who\ has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did  will you??"
birthday for zac firday! then fishing with the family sunday   i love where i am at in my life  one day i hope to get past all of this so we can be happy and be a family 
so things might be turning around for me  i love my life and everyone in it! can't wait for friday!
"ahhhh-choo!!!        ?(-???•?)?    if\ you're allergic to bullshit, drama queens, head games, liars, two-faced\ fake people, keep this sneeze going         i can't wait to see who \posts this!!!"
i am sick of people telling me what i can or cannot do with my child  i am his mother so back off and let me and zac do thing our way!!!
praying for aunt <propfirst>    hope everything will be ok  i love you! circus sunday with sky <propfemale> and <propfemale>  smile  i cant wait!!!!
people just need to grow up and relize that life is not about them  yeah she may be your family but that doesnt mean that is not our family as well  and people talking shit about my mom tellin her that she is the reason nonna is dead  no i dont think so   that was no ones fault!
r i p aunt <propfirst> & <propfirst>  i miss you and love you both  praying for <propfirst>  we need you here with us!!! love 
r i p <propfirst>  love  good news on <propfirst>  he is slowly getting better  he still has to face a <propmale> surgery but he will make it through  he is a strong boy  just keep him in your prayers 
its mommy week! repost this with the date you became a mommy! 3-7-08
"post this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a <propfemale> bulldog fan  being a <propfemale> bulldog fan is a real mental disorder & should be taken seriously  there is still no cure for the affliction of uga & sympathy does not help alleviate the symptoms,but   we can raise awareness  99 9% of bulldog fans will not     repost this  go gators!!!!  smile "
"post\ this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a \<propfemale> bulldog fan  being a <propfemale> bulldog fan is a real mental \disorder & should be taken seriously  there is still no cure for the\ affliction of uga & sympathy does not help alleviate the \symptoms,but   we can raise awareness  99 9% of bulldog fans will \not     repost this  go gators!!!!"
just dropped mommy off at the airport    had a great weekend  be safe and i love you! can't wait for next time 
i love ou <propmale>!!!!!!! no matter what i will aways love you    
hope everythings ok with grandma    waiting to hear from someone to find out what is going on 
omg i hate math!
i need a boyfriend!!! any suggestions???? and apperently i need another job   
"3years\old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years old: mom\whatever 17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna\leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's house  50\years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would  give  up\   everything for my mom to be here with me  post this on your wall if you\appreciate your mom! i love you"
had a good day today  i got momma to go to the mall  we spent 2 hours there  wish i could fix the past but i can't  i just have to keep moving forward and hope it works its self out 
"i'm done hoping we can work it out, i'm done with how it feels spining my wheels and letting you drag my heart around  and i'm done thinking you could ever change  i know my heart will never be the same but i'm telling myself i'll be ok  even on my weakest days, i'm getting a little bit stronger!"
well i had a great year working with you! i will miss you <propmale> & mr  g!!!! well life goes on and we get stronger every day    love 
"welcometo the united states of america   please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you   jesus christ and the american soldier  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree   copy and paste in your status   god bless!!!"
well starting at the new store on monday! i can't wait  found out if my hours are going to be the same or if i am going to be switched to a full time employee! yay go me!!! lol    still going to miss you <propmale> and mr  g!
had a great day at the zoo with my 2 favorite boys  got to see <propfirst> fridya and saturday! he looks great   
laying down with my skylar & my <propmale>  then i am not sure what we are doing  having a great weekend though   smile 
i am so sick of him being irresponsible  he needs to fliping start acting like an adult  he worrys about giving everyone else money and leaving me to take care of sky by myself  sorry to tell you sweetie but if you cant do what your suppose to then move b
loving my new job  bosses are nice and the customers dont seem to mind  working alot the next two weeks  going to have a decent paycheck for christmas  still going to miss you <propmale> and mr g   
putting my skylar to bed  i love my big boy  its hard to believe he is almost 3    he loves his mommy & daddy  yay christmas is coming  here comes <propfemale> clause!  smile 
sitting here waiting for zac to get done cooking dinner  i love my small and broken family!!! lol  love  back to work at the new store in the morning!
back to work at the new store tomorrow    i am getting way more hours  just in time for christmas  i am loving my life and all the people in it  cant wait till friday  going to see <propmale> potter with the bestie 
happy birthday <propfemale>! can't believe my neice is already one    
"special\ needs kids are not sick or gross, they only want what we all want: to \beaccepted  can i make a request: is anyone willing to post this \andleave it as your status for at least an hour? it is special \educationweek, and this is in honor of all kids who are made in a unique\ way"
heading to see <propmale> potter with the bestie!!! yay i cant wait  going to <propfemale> out with <propmale> tomorrow night     going to have an amazing weekend 
omg <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 was amazing!!!! i can't wait for part 2 to come out!!!! going to <propfemale> out with <propmale> later on   its been along time  hanging a great weekend  have fun on your date bestie!!!  love 
"hanging out with <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, <propmale>, and will  having a blast  drinking and playing games     cant wait to see my baby again "
had a great time with everyone  <propmale> keeps being mean though  but thats ok i keep forgetting why i am mad at him  i guess you cant stay mad at someone you like  oh well  get to see my skylar later today!!!   love 
had a great weekend!!! hanging out with everyone is sooo much fun    back to work in the morning!!!!!
i have been talking to my <propmale> all day    
home from work    been texting my <propmale> all day!!! can't wait till friday  cocoa here i come  hopefully he will come with me 
"had a long day at work  didnt get to talk to my <propmale> much but thats ok  he will text me when he wants to talk  he said he would go to my daddys with me  yay  i get to spend time with skylar, <propmale>, my little brother and my daddy  its going to be an i"
had a long day at work today    working these long hours i am tired as crap    hanging out with the family and baking for thanksgiving made homemade pumpkin pie  going to cocoa this wekkend to see my daddy and little brother  going to be a great weekend hanging out with skylar & my <propmale>!
"happy thanksgiving everyone!!! spending the day with my skylar, then going to <propfemale> out with my <propmale>   love  hopes everyone enjoys there holiday weekend! i know i will!  love "
"had a wonderful thanksgiving  <propmale> out with sky, then went to the familys house to draw names for christmas    then i went and <propmale> out with my <propmale> for a little while  going out of town tomorrow and wont be back until sunday!!!"
"do\ i work?, i work 24 hours a day  why? because i'm a mommy  i am a cook, a\ cleaner, a parent, a teacher, a referee, a nanny, a nurse, a handyman, a\ maid, a security officer and a comforter  i don't get holidays, sick \pay or a day off  i work through the day and night  i am on call at all \hours  now tell me your job is harder than mine  re-post if you are \blessed enough to be a mommy ?"
home from work    what should i do next? i dont know  i might acctually clean my room    depends on how long skylar has been asleep    ged test tomorrow  wish me luck!!!
study time   
sitting here rackingmy brain on how to do math   i am not sure i am even going to need half of this crap  in real life    like since when does y sad -8x)+3 even compare to my job or my life for that matter???? ughhhh i hate math!!!!!
sitting here waiting for the ged test t start  looks like i will be doing math at 8 in the freaking morning  oh well it has to get done  wish me luck    have a great day everyone    
finally got the last two parts of my test done  now all i have to do is wait a month to see if i passed!!!! yay i might be a high school graduate!
hanging out with the family tonight    watching zac try to climb trees 
sitting here playing on facebook waiting for time to run out so i can go rinse my hair     time for a new color  the seasons c<propfemale>ed and so did my hair! lol  love  going to <propfemale> out with my <propmale> for a couple of hours while momma goes and does christmas cards with grandma   
had fun with the boyfriend  came home to a pissy baby daddy but in the end we had a good night  ended up getting in a toy war and he wacked me in the head with a toy  but i got his ass back  lol i love my life and the people in it!
"heyyou, listen up!!!   in case some have not seen:  change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood   join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
going to bed  work in the morning  hoping to see my <propmale> at some point this week  decorationg the house for christmas  i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend  things just keep getting better and better   
home from work    dont know what i am going to do for lunch  thimking about maybe ordering from mikeys     me and sky have to eat  benn talking to my <propmale> all morning    its freaking cold!!!!
ong its freaking cold out     i swear its going to snow in florida this year    skylar is taking a nap and then we are off to the gym once momma gets home   
so sick of people and there attitudes    i have done nothing wrong so please don't take whatever it is out on me  i have a wonderful boyfriend and an amazing son  going on a date sunday yay!!!
omg its freaking cold outside    it was 28 when i got to work this morning     i hate cold weather unless its going to snow we dont need it!!!
put some more christmas decoration up arund the house  i dont think this is much more left to do on the inside  now we just have to decorate the tree and get papa to finish the outside  its begining to look alot like christmas  going to see <propfemale> with sky on saturday then a date with the boyfriend!  love 
hanging out with skylar & the bestie today    then later tonight i have a date with the boyfriend     not sure what i am going to wear yet   
 love  took skylar to see <propfemale> today    had a decent day with the baby daddy as well   get to stay home and clean mine and skylar's rooms tomorrow! yay that should be fun    i love my life as a mommy and his girlfirend!!!!  love 
sitting here at home    trying to find a job  life is boring when you have nothing to do  on top of all of it  it's freaking cold!!!! oh well i am waiting for it to snow here in florida!
not sure on how cold it is outside today  the weekend is almost here  hanging out with my bestie friday night and then saturday i might go stay with the boyfriend and his roomates to have some fun  next weekend is christmas yay!
just got home from the mall with my boys!!! <propfemale> didnt show up sooo i hope we can <propfemale> out tomorrow    spending the next few hours with my babies and cleaning the house  
sitting at home doing nothing    waiting for the boyfriend to go on lunch and text me  hanging out with my skylar today and then just relaxing tonight whie he goes off with nanny    i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!! love 
just got done wrapping presents    almost done with everyone  just have a few more left to get and then i have to get the boyfriend something    hmmm i wonder what i should get him    oh yeah that one thing he has been wanting! lol  love 
sittinng here thinking about things  cannot believe she was invited to christmas dinner  looks like me and sky will be spending christmas day alone at the house    i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend      love 
sitting here at <propfemale>'s bored  going o be heading home soon so zac can pick up sky for the weekend  tacky sweater party tonight and then going to the boyfriends tomorrow    i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
the feeling of being replaced sucks    i wish i could go back and fix things but i can't    trying to make the best out of the holidays but its not working for me at all  at times like these i need my grandma  i love and miss you nonna!  love 
going to have a better night  going to a tacky sweater party with the bestie tonight and then i am going to the boyfriends tomorrow night    sorry if i offened anyone earlier but its how i feel  i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
had fun last night    <propmale> out with everyone  now i get to go to the boyfriends in a little bit for the night  things are slowly getting better  i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
had a good night last night with the boyfriend    i got to meet his daddy and his ex girlfriend all in the same night    tired but i can't sleep   oh well about to wrap some christmas presents with the bestie    i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
so she may be his girlfriend but i am his baby momma    i will always be here after any girl that comes and will eventually go  i am part of the family so get over it! i love my life as his  mommy and his girlfriend!!!  love 
"god saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arms around u & whispered come with me  with tearful eyes, we watched and saw u pass away  although we love u dearly, we could not make u stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest   god broke our hearts to prove to us, he, only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this christmas!"
i want to thank everyone for the advice they have given me  it really has helped out a lot!! it makes me feel better to know that i have so many people here that care about me and how i feel  ya'll are all special to me in your own ways  some of you have became like family and some of you have became friends but i know in the end i wouldn't have any of you if it was not for <propmale> 
 love  well it's time i suck it up and face reality   i am going to christmas dinner with my family and weather or not she is there i am not going to let it bring me down   i am not going to let anyone try to walk in and just take over my life  so i guess i will see everyone there!  love  i love my life as his mommy & his girlfriend!!  love 
about to make sugar cookie dough and then when sky wakes up we are going to make some cookies for <propfemale>!!!
just got baking sugar cookies with my skylar   ugh i hate the mess afterwards    christmas is in like 3 days yay i can't wait!!! i love my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
just got home with sky   <propfemale> brought all the good boys and girls toys   sky was amazed  
christmas is tomorrow!!! yay its finally here!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! hanging out with skylar and the baby daddy today! then going to see the family later tonight     love  loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
<propfemale> christmas!!!! yay <propfemale> came    lol doing the family thing tomorrow    can't wait to see the look on sky's face tomorrow morning!  love  loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!!  love 
hopes everyone had a good christmas! i know me and skylar did     going to see the rest of my family thursday  yay i get to deal with snow!  love  loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
so sitting here thinking about the way things use to be and all the fun we had when we were together  i found some old messages between us and it just brought a smile to my face    i miss you sooo much  come home soon!!!
"can't wait to go to new york and see the family    i am sooo sick of hearing about him and her    thats ok  sky is really excited about going to play in the snow     love  loving my life as his mommy, his girlfriend, and the baby momma!  love "
2 days left until i go to new york and freeze my butt off  but me and sky can't wait to get up there and play in the snow  going to have a great time hanging out with the family and partying with them for new years!!!  love  loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
so i love it when you try to do the right thing and help someone out they don't care  oh well she will one day find out what he is all about!
i leave for new york tomorrow morning for 3 weeks    i can't wait to get out of here and do things my way! i am going to miss alot of people and ya'll know who you are!  love  loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
so i am sick of his attitude toward me and i am really getting sick of his girlfriend!!! going to ny tomorrow for 3 weeks1 yay i am excited and so is sky!
my butt is cold  just got back from sleding with sky    he loves the snow  we miss everyone but we are having a blast
hanging out with <propfirst> and skylar today  just sent allyssa off to school  it's flipping cold up here  can't wait until it starts snowing some more  missing the boyfriend     love  loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!!  love 
"sitting here waiting for people to get off work  at my aunts house with <propfirst>, allyssa and skylar    bored out of my mind   "
sitting here bored out of my mind  waiting for the boyfriend to text me  its freaking cold up here   
sitting here at my moms job waiting for someone to pick us up    it's been snowing all day!!! two more weeks and then i will be home  missing the boyfriend and everyone else    i love my life as his mommy & his girlfriend!!!!  love 
"i've carried a child within my body  slept with babies on my chest  i've kissed boo boo's and mended broken hearts  i've been puked on, peed on, and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair  but i wouldn't have it any other way  my body isn't magazine perfect, but when i look in the mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor       or blessing!!! post this to your status if you are proud to be a mom"
ughhh there is nothing to do!!!talking to <propfemale> but other than that i am bored out of my mind!!!!!
i made it     i got my results today    i am a high school graduate    yay i am soooooo happy right now!!!
laying in bed and can't go to sleep  ugh its flipping cold  missing everyone in florida 
hanging out with <propfirst> and skylar today!!! loads of fun    i didn't get much sleep last night   don't know why   but i am a high school graduate! i made it    now what?
skylars birthday is coming in like less than two months  wow i cant believe he is going to be 3   seems like just yesterday i had him    but nope he is my big boy now!!!
heading back to florida tomorrow    cant wait  sky is excited to  going to miss my mom and everyone but its time to go back
i am home!!! yay! now back to the real world where cigs are only 5 55 a pack!
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who has or had depression  will you do it, and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives "
i am never flying by myself with a kid again    carrying the suit cases hurt me    off to releax!! sky is finally asleep and in his own bed for a change
once agin i have sky because he didn't take him because he is going to <propfemale> out with <propfemale>! i freaking hate his girlfriend!!!
"going to the besties during the day, then going to <propfemale> out with the boyfrind for the night    so much fun this weekend    i am dying my hair again  its going to be a bright auburn this time  i am the new red headed step child! lol loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love "
"all eyes on me when i walk in   no question that this girls a 10, don't hate me cuz im beautiful   my walk, my talk the way i dress  it's not my fault so please don't trip   don't hate me cuz im beautiful!"
ugh my freaking ear hurts    looks like i will be going to the hospital tomorrow! this sucks
still sitting at the house bored    my ear doesn't hurt as bad  wish i could go see the boyfriend    maybe tomorrow  
so it seems like everyone is trying to hide stuff from me  its like i cant even trust anyone
so me and <propmale> broke up    some dude started texting me telling me he cheated on me    funny part is the dude wouldn't even tell me his name  message me with any questions!
omg my baby is not a baby anymore    he has started his potty training    yay go skylar!!! loving my life as his mommy     love 
ugh i need a job    trying to find a decent receptionist job   but the serch is not going all that well    
off to a job interveiw in a little bit    wish me luck!
"if you love me: comment on this status \if you think i'm a good friend: like this status \if you ever had a crush on me: poke me \   if you hate me: message me and tell me why \if your not scared post this as your status  =p ?"
so bored    got to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and skylar today! then went off with the bestie! so all went well  now what to do tomorrow    i think i am going to clean and mop my house but we will see how that goes tomorrow! loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
"bored out of my mind    lunch with the besties, skylar, and <propfemale>    then off shopping with my bestie <propfemale> and the kids    hopefully will get something done while skylar is napping"
who actually knows me? i bet nobody can answer all the questions correctly  first name____ middle name_____ last name_____ age_____ birthday_____ eye color_____ hair color_____nickname_____ favorite color_____ best friend_____the one person(s) i love the most____?favorite food_____ favorite thing to do______put this as your status to see who gets it right
"going of in a little bit with the bestie  going to watch the new movie \the roommate\""   very excited!"""
"just got back from the movies    went and saw \no strings attached\"" instead of \""the roommate\""    i tell you that was a funny movie    in the end someone will always end up falling in love with the other person! but had a great night  now for an intresting day tomorrow! loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love """
just got back from hanging out with the boyfriend    had an amazing day  first took skylar to ashlynn's birthday party and then the boyfriend took me to dinner    loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
cleaning the house today    just put sky down for a nap   so yay i get to sweep and mop all the floors in the house  and they say thats the small chore! haha yeah i don't think so  it takes forever and it kills my back! loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
so apperently green bay won the super bowl!?! not really sure didn't care to watch the game  got my mystery all figured out now  yeah it pisses me off but that just shows how immature people can acttually be! loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
"i believe everything happens for a reason  people change so you can learn to let go  things go wrong, so that you can learn to appeciate them when they're right  you believe lies so eventually you learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes things fall apart so better things can fall together!  love "
&&& she's the girl with her middle finger in the air because for the first time she just don't care!!!
"there comes a point in your life when you realize who matters, who never did, who wont anymore, and who always will  so don't worry about the people from your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future!  love "
"life's too precious to worry about stupid sh*t  so have fun, go party, and fall in love love   say what you want to say and do what you want to do    regret nothing! &&& don't let people who don't matter bring you down!"
i may not be perfect but i am always me!!
judge me & i'll prove you wrong  tell me what to do & i'll tell you off   say i'm not worth it & watch where i end up    screw me over & i'll do it to you twice as bad   call me crazy & you really have no idea!  love 
behind every beautiful girl there is a dumbass that did her wrong and made her strong!
skylar is such a big boy    we have started the potty training and he is doing amazing!!! i am sooo proud of my little man! loving my life as his mommy and his girlfriend!  love 
"i don't know why we all <propfemale> on to something we're better off letting go  it's like we're scared to loose what we really don't have  some of us say we'd rather have something than not at all, but truth is    to have something halfway is harder than not having it at all  "
"yes i do    yell at the computer, tell the tv what to do, yell at my hair brush, and talk to things that can't talk back    but you still love me!  love "
everything he tells you now   he has told me first so stop thinking your sooo special!
"??????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????\? if you miss someone that's in heaven, put this as your status! ?\??????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????"
so still looking for a job  but that's ok i will find on  also trying to find myself  i am not liking the girl i have become  i want to go back to the old me    and i will get there! loving my life and everyone in it  i have some of the bestest friends a girl can ask for!  love 
skylar is asleep    hmmm what to do now?
so all registered for college classes to start my career    yay go me    i am startin to climb the ladder of success! skylars birthday is in 32 days yay! my baby will be 3! loving my life as his mommy!!!  love 
so when people commit crimes like that they sooo should not be given a second <propmale>    that child did nothing to you so why should they have to suffer because you are a drugie!
go tomorrow to take a placement test for college classes   trying to find me a decent car that i can get around in and get a job    that way i can hopefully move out on my own here in a little bit  i feel like a big girl! 32 days till skylars birthday! loving my life as his mommy!!! love 
so just got back from fscj and taking my test! i passed    off to orentation on monday! i am going to be a college student  i am sooo proud of myself! 31 days till skylars birthday  loving my life as his mommy!  love 
"1st person to like my status - i will have your last name for a week\2nd person to like my status - can dare me to do one thing\3rd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall\4th person to like my status - i will answer any question  (inbox only)\put this as your status if your brave enough  wink "
i need a freaking car! i have looked all around on craigslist and i have yet to find anything   
"i am an unapologetic <propfemale>n!! i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  i grew up reciting this every morning in school  we no longer do that for   fear   of offending someone!!!! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will repost this and not care about offending someone"
so they think they can keep playing the happy little family and everything will be ok   well i have news for them  he is my baby daddy not your so stop trying to take over what he has with his child just so yours can have a daddy that's not how this is going to work    and they wonder why skylar is not aloud around her!
 love   love   love  happy <propfirst>'s day!! love   love   love 
so yeah  i am sick of him talking to me like i am stupid    i am not a dumb little girl  so watch what you say because it will bite you in the ass   
so i am sick of everyone taking his side   just because he is family  they say that i am to but when it comes to stuff like that they don't make me feel like i am    its becoming carzy  to the point where i don't feel like i belong in the place that i call home  oh well as they say suck it up and deal with it 
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded sleep for dark circles, salon haircuts for a ponytail, long showers for quick ones, late nights for early mornings, and designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  let's see how many moms post this who don't care what they gave up and instead, love what they got in return     post if you love being a mom"
going to daytona tomorrow with papa and allyssa    gonna go watch my first races in person    so that should be fun  got some party planning to do  skylars bithday is in 19 days  yay my baby is going to be 3  he is growing up sooo fast  loving my life as skylar's mommy!  love 
off to get allyssa and then heading to the races  text me
home from daytona with papa and allyssa    had a great time  my face is sun burned and half of it is brighter than the other side!
"so i just got into a mud fight with zac, skylar, and <propmale>    so much fun  those are the moments that we live for  hanging out with <propmale> tonight and then <propfemale>'s birthday party tomorrow!"
ugh i am freaking sick and whay happened to our beautiful weather??
hanging out with the kids today   hoping to get my <propfirst> legal!
got my <propfirst> legal    been riding around for a little bit  it runs great  saw the stone crusher and he signed skylars shirt  yay off to monster jam tomorrow! 10 days till skylar turns 3  he has grown up so fast    loving my life as his mommy!! love 
off to monster jam in a little bit   skylar is sooo excited  he just loves grave digger! 9 days till skylars birthday! he is growing up sooo fast    loving my life as his mommy!  love 
monster jam was fun  8 days till my babies birthday
off to bed  skylar's birthday is in 6 days    wow he is growing up <propfemale> fast  it seems like just yestersay i was in the hospital waiting to have him and now he is turning into this wonderful little boy   mommy is <propfemale>o proud of you  loving my life as his mommy!  love 
so skylars birthday is coming and i need addresses so i can send invatations
so i need some addresses so i can mail out skylar's birthday invatation    my baby will be 3 in 5 days! wow he has grown up so fast 
"single or not , put this as your status and see what youu get   inbox only !\? = i want a relationship\? ? = i'm falling for you\ smile  = i wanna hug you\xxx = i'll lick you\             wink  = i like you\ sad  = i miss you\ laugh  = your sexy\ surprise  = i want you, but i can't have you\ playful  = i want you\: * = i wanna kiss you\ sad  = i want a second chanc"
three days until skylar will be 3  wow he has grown up so fast     loving my life as his mommy love 
happy birthday to <propfemale> & <propfemale>!!!!
just to think this time 3 years ago  i was laying in a hospital bed waiting for him to be born  now my baby is not a baby anymore  he has grown up so much    mommy loves you skylar!  love 
happy birthay to my baby boy skylar  he is now 3   
happy birthday skylar <propfirst>! mommy loves you 
skylar is so excited     everytime i tell him happy birthday he says happy birthday mommy
skylar's birthday was fun  i love my little boy  he is growing up so fast    its amazing how a children can bring so much joy into your life 
ok so i was going to bed last night and my mom showed up for skylars birthday
skylar's birthday party is today at one     wow he has grown up so much  mommy loves you
are you ging to kiss me or not? are we going to do this or what? and you know i like you a lot and we've got a real good shot   are you going to kiss me or not?
the one u just called fat? she has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs  the one u just called stupid? she has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the one you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? she is abused enough at home  theres more to people than you think  put this as your status if your against bullying  
ewww pepto pills are nasty but a lot better than the liquad crap
does anyone need a day time baby sitter while they go to work  i have plenty of e playful erience with children and i am willing to work with you on the prices   
sitting at home bored     someone entertain me   text it if you know the number
so had an over all good day  going to the beach with the bestie and skylar tomorrow for her birthday!!! about to go to bed though    i am extremly tired   
"hanging out with the bestie having a girls night playing wii  kicking her butt at bowling!!!        \\skylars mommy love "
bored out of my mind    someone talk to me!
"only an aunt, can love like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and behave like a friend  if you are an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews then re-post this\i am posting this cause i am that aunt     ?"
i hate my stupid computer  it doesn't let me do anything important on it and it is really starting to piss me off!
skylar is doing his first sleepover with a friend tonight  off to the landing with one of the besties tonight to have a goodnight  then i have the boys tomorrow! so i am in for a good weekend!  love  loving my life as his mommy!  love 
indecision is the key to flexibility!!!! have fun at the landing    
"??????????????????? ????? ????????????????\? if you have a gorgeous son or daughter put this as your status ?\??????????????????? ????? ????????????????"
sitting here thinking that maybe things could be different between us  i do love him but i am starting to think i lost him for good please tell me how to fix it
happy birthday pug! hope you enjoy your day!!!  love 
ughhh i hate fscj    all they do is give you the run around! i need to get this crap taken care of!
