fa5713fbfb989387d769117e2480a2cd
raisinets!!
left shoe    no right shoe 
need to start packing for anchorage!
"going crazy    wait, still in crazy   "
"the better side of me wants to say \look! i can see your face from here!\"""""
peirced my ears! a third time!
"children, don't stop dancing, belive in life  children, don't stop dancing belive you can fly, away, away  -creed; don't stop dancing"
i like kittys
leavin' on a jet plane 
all up in my kool-aid 
leavin' in three hours!!!
this jell-o tastes like a swift round-house kick to the face    yum 
back home!!
<propfemale> toast at midnight!!!! yummy!!!
friday friday friday!! a day of wonderful moments and good food!!
"a moment, a smile, a gesture    then comes that shiny baseball bat, straight to the face "
eeibagyiba 
i love dont trust me!
school of hard knocks!!
"school starts soon, i cant wait to be able to see all my friends again  home is boring and frustrating  needs change "
killer dentist!
"theres gotta be something else to do  my musics are gone!! my sterio is busted, my i-pod needs to be charged  so i'm listening to tunes on the computer instead  *stupid <propfemale>, charge the ipod when it tells you to*"
"when you see my face, hope it gives you hell hope it gives you hell  when you walk my way hope it gives you hell hope it gives you hell  when you find a man thats worth a damn and treats you well, then he's a fool you're just as well hope it gives you hell "
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
blaarrggg!!
"run <propmale>, run!!"
double chinned bald man! ---------->   (  laugh ))
<propfemale>!! --------->     laugh 
spilt the beans  spilt the beans  spilt the beans  spilt the beans  spilt the beans  and i think i've been spelling the whole thing wrong   
not the littelest hobo!!!
"wow, i am not going to bed until this song is downloaded!"
"but we've got the biggest balls of them all!- big balls, ac dc"
"damn the man!! <propmale>, empire records!"
dig it!
i'm obsessed with the buttons at jacks alley!
i like nachoes   
i can feel my brain melting through my skull! make me stop thinking!!!!
"if i could tell you everything, i'd spend all day saying sputtering and choking and you wouldn't understand it anyway "
i like cookies!
yay! i'm serious black! catt!
i like watching little kids lick the sped bus windows   
blahhhh    writing the same thing over and over gets confusing  confusing  confusing  confusing 
testing  testing  sp2 driving me crazy!
it won't let me log out!
mom's milk duds have been crushed 
woop!
"look! its a    a    a    god, what the hell do you call those sw- its a corndog!"
happy halloween!
eating <propfemale>!!
getting <propfemale> outta me teeth!
loodeedoodeedoo
"live life to the fullest, because nobody likes it when the glass if half empty  -bran"
look! a loopole! loop hole!
"talliehoe, fu**ers!"
wicker shmoogler!
"don\t spill me!!!!!"""
"okay, now i'm bored "
not going to the dance tonight    sadness   
is eating moms reeses peices  which i can never spell right 
loooopppp!!!
"shmack!! (gah, i love that song)"
yyyyyaaaaaakkkkkkkkkk!!!!!
i watched jayden doing the mj air-hump on trevors phone all lunch time!
lobsters are sturdy 
i can read your mind  hold still 
"fear not the end: because it doesn't include you, only removes you "
holy macaronilunchfiestas batman! they stole the idiot mobile!!!
"oh, crunchy"
cooorrrrnnnnn
pens are for people who don't like chewing on wood 
wipe that smile off your face  gimmie some cheese!
wooopp!!! i made us a muffin!!
"i'll remove the cause, but not the symtom!"
"my sweet revenge will be yours for the taking it's in the making baby *ah-ahahhhahahhhahhah* i saw her laugh then she said then she sa-aid go away-ay, go awaaay my sweet revenge"
my new addiction: pickled carrots  yum!
??d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s si?? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i
good times 
and thats the way the cookie crumbles 
"virtual hugs: demeaning and creepy, would rather have a real hug "
"strange, yet satisfying! *lion <propmale>!*"
"i prefer to think of it as \half clothed\"""""
"welcome to alaska, where the games are made up and the points don't matter!  smile "
i have stewie boxers!!! yessness!
tempu tempu!
"i like 9 volt batteries!! \lick!"""
"this is like british humor    dry, and slightly confusing "
those flies are dropping like    flies 
modern white teenagers are now listening to hardcore polka 
"to hell with big words! give the dog a bone, give the cat a fish, gimmie some love, and everything is just fine "
"y'all want a single? say f-* that, f-* that f-*that boom boom boom"
"i would feel better if you did what i wanted you to do, not what i tell you  stupid machine "
"wanna love ya  wanna bug ya  wanna squeeze ya  stupid girl wanna touch ya, wanna take ya, wanna shut ya, stupid girl  i can't take this, born to break this  she's going away, (she's going away) what's wrong with my life today? she's going away, (she's going away) what's wrong with my life today? stupid girl, stupid girl "
woke up  couldn't find my glasses  took a shower and forgot my towel in my bedroom  streaked   laugh  had only one clean sock in my drawer  tried putting a shoe on a foot that already had a shoe on it  i've had one hell of a morning 
today is not you're infinite forever 
beaten what for can't take much more 1 nothing wrong with me 2 nothing wrong with me 3 nothing wrong with me 4 nothing wrong with me 1 something got to give 2somethings got to give 3somethings got to give nnnaaaooowwwwww!!!!
"and if you have a minute, why dont we go? talk about it somewhere only we know? this could be the end of everything, so why don't we go, so why dont we go, somewhere only we know? somewhere only we know    love "
"am i the only one thats optimistic anymore?! what happened?!? just because were teenagers  now means we have to get all pessimistic and think our whole life was a pile shist? yes! shist! rocks and dirt!no! quit it! lighten up!, and stop being so    unhappy!"
<propfirst> <propfemale> picked a peck of pickled peppers 
nuggets from hell!!!
"hey you hey you, devils little sister  listening to your twisted transistor  hold it between your legs, turn it up, turn it up  low end is comming thru, can't get enough  a lonley life, where no one understands you, but don't give up, because the music do music do music do "
booooppppp  machines 
neon green straws    my new hell 
reffahs m idnarb si eman ym 
someimes i worry about you <propfemale> 
dill pickles  like    yum 
<propfemale>'s newest self-debate: burger flavored chips   
dillhole: noun; (dill'hole~) hole in and inconspicuous area in which you insert a cucumber aged and soaked in vinegar and other substances  noun; a dunce 
"choke on it! *pop* oh wait, wrong person    i'm sorry ma'am    thought you were somebody else"
wow  um  okay 
its trickay!!
i like hemp necklases i decided  i want one  smile 
"*sigh* doing laundry on a sunday nearly to eleven o'clock  by the time it gets done, it'll be past midnight  i wish one of my friends were on riht now, then i would have something to do other that sit here and make comments on everybody's stuff "
"good afternoon eveybody! i think i might be riding today, i have a scooter and lots of time "
"okay, so i lied  after an ocd moment of chores and looking for radar, it turns out that all my sunlight had gone, and i didn't get to ride my scooter  maybe next time  i can always hope  i could go for a car ride right about now   smile "
i'm not sure    but i'm having some weird ass twitchy movments in my abs    it feels really creeppyy   
"what's on <propfemale>'s mind today? hmmm    i\m so exited! 16! its like    another year older!!! i wanna    giggle or something!! yay!"""
tenthousand fists in the ayyyaarrr!!!
"in the space provided, please give me a noogie  haha, i hate noogies "
"good evening, welcome to newsminute, and we have a news flash! am i getting shorter, or is everybody traveling to the shallow end of the happy pool? i really need a comic releif, because this clown is a fist length from retirement!!! and guess what! once i'm done, the whole world will be less of a happy place! work with me!! thats the end of our show "
"thank you! i\m sixteen now!!!"""
and there i was: face to face with a large crack in the sidwalk  i did the unthinkable! lift step! ride!!
"hmm    the rain- tech ni9e, reminds me of my family  i like this song "
somebody came up to me one day and asked why i listen to angry music  simple: i'm happy 
"kiss me, i'm <propfemale>! happy valentines day!"
valentines day! sunday! we know what that means! dinner at gram's place!
"alrighty then! i'm back from anchorage, got food poisoning, and then had a blast! pillow fights can actually be a hazard, and i ate shark!"
hmm    i is having of a slinky  i lika da slinky  slinky from iindiuu!
floating fudge forks!! i wonder why every time i try to talk to my sister the computer logs her off  what a world  so much for communication 
"hmm    ever meet one of those people    they think they're just like you    i find that so annoying  get your own problems, and stop bragging about mine to me  if you want to be my friend, you gotta be the socially akward!  love  be true to your buddies "
this is life  welcome to city of jesters 
"i need to put my pencils on a leash, or my cat will find it, take it, and lay on it  stupid cat, i love you "
"a sudden mango addiction? i think so! revenge is served so many different ways  even my fridge screams with satisfaction! take that, you fruit!"
"crappapalooza? sounds like some kind of fair, but for flies "
"i need you more than words can say  it'll never turn out right, but here goes anyway  every day i miss your touch, never thought it'd mean so much  all the words i coulda said, got me feeling torn to shreads  every road i go is nowhere, but i know your out there somewhere  these voices in my head, got me realin' torn to shreads  def leppard"
so    what brings you to this fine day on the eac?
"boredom    i need to do the dishes    im going to work in about four hours    gonna watch mom get stabbed in the leg about 16000 times    my cat wont let me get a decent nights sleep    life is good   smile  well, except the sleep thing    i can live without that "
"after an intence moment of staring, <propfemale> realized that the pattern on the toilet paper was butterflies "
"sigh* i really hope we get that trailor    i wish for just this one time, something could turn out how we want it to  eveything seems to go all arwy at the last minute  wishing it will get me nowhere, but please oh please oh please, with all the luck of the <propfemale> i have  we need this "
i need a vacation 
she's the one that's speechless- i'm the one that's tounge tied!
"hmmm    places to go, things to do, animals to feed, parents to pick on, things to plan, questions to ask, feelings to feel    i've decided i like this life  i will make it mine "
"sitting behind the bushes    waiting    waiting    waiiiitttting    he's getting closer    we will be alone soon, yes  yes we will  little does he know    i have a pie, and its going straight to his face! muhahahaha!"
somethings gotta give 
"welcome to three-o-three in the morning  where the words are made up, and everything you say now, won't be remembered when you wake up at brunch "
"i don't wanna give in, i know i'm going to  she wispered in my ear, she said she said she said: i don't wanna love you, hold you, i don't wanna know what your about  i don't need your name or number i just wanna get in and get out  i'm only in this baby, just for tonight  but i promise that i'll leave you, i'll leave you satisfied "
"just got some nw song interests, must get    onto i-pod "
chooo chooooooo  crazy train  i like pie!
rock muthufudger  rock the muthufudger  rock muthufudger yeah!  chew it up! spit it out! sick bubblegum! blow it up! stick it out! sick bubblegum! turn it up! push it down! sick bubblegum! shove it in! rip it out! sick bubblegum!!
"happy? no  unlucky? yes  no luck this year, things just got a little depressing "
"kinda in a bad mood  gimmie a break! well, i have two options: option number one: get fat off a junk food binge, throw up and eat more? or option number two: paint my face in dark clown stripes and pretend to be from icp  i choose option number two  lets make me happy "
playing vidio games!
i have been playing video games for four hours  my brain is fried 
new favorite song? maybe  rusted from the rain- <propfirst> talent
disect me till my blood runs down into the drain my bitter heart is pumping oil into my veins i'm nothing but a tin man i don't feel any pain i don't feel any pain i don't feel any pain i'm rusted from the rain   go on crush me like a flower rusted from the rain c'mon strip me of my power beat me with your chains and if i'm the <propmale> of cowards you're the <propfemale> of pain i'm rusted from the rain i'm rusted from the rain
that's what she said
spill the beans? what for? i might want to eat those later 
newest musical master! omg <propmale> zombie!!
wish granted: big white chocolate egg  thank you work 
zombies    are    awesome!
it's all in the family
giggity
"he who gets slapped and he who gets saved  he who brutalizes the timeless stage  he is the mongerel, he wants it all  he lives for rilics, <propfemale> on the wall   don't you wanna ride it, educated horses? don't you wanna ride it, educated horses? foxy foxy, what's it gonna be? foxy foxy, what's it gonna be?"
hmm    is this a good thing?
"<--- look at that boy over there, with the curly hair in the stripes!  love "
lizards    hmm   
so tell me: does a ten pound bag of flour make a really big buiscuit?  laugh 
i do beilive that is somekind of mutated frog squirel on that mans shirt 
"some days i stand on the roof and never want to come down  other days, the falling sun takes me under with it "
"face the music, because the facts are so boring!"
"to family! sunday dinner is burgers and fries! same time, same place! bring your smiles!"
whooppp  today is a good day  sun!
"you know, whoever said that nothing is impossible, never tried slamming a revolving door "
"yall cmon now, lets git on down  doseedo now  we gon have a good ol time  <propmale>' be scared there ain' nothin to worry bout  let ur hair down  and square dance with me "
"if i knew the words i'd sing them if i could bake it, i'd pour in my heart and soul if i should never know the future tomorrow i'm only human "
"short poems? <propmale> pruitt, i do belive that you have inspired me to start writing again!  smile "
intence!!
sssshhhugaaaa!
"anytime i need to see your face i just close my eyes and i am taken to a place where your <propfemale> minds and magenta feelings, take up shelter in the base of my spine  sweet like a chicka-cherry cola   savage garden!!"
mystery pop-tart falls from ceiling today    must be a sign   laugh 
loooooooooooooooooooooop! boredom    i like cheese 
bizcochito! wooho!!
welcome to my kitchen  you make me a sandwich!
<propfemale>'s word of the weekend: ~tallyhoe~ a pimp's way of keeping track of his    lady luck 
whoo! up whipple creek i go gettin ready to cross the creek barefoot! cold water here i come!
word of the weekend: claustrophobia- fear of cats mixing beverages or soups 
i would write something clever and interesting    but the only thing on my mind    is my skull 
"ah god, the smell of the gasoline on my hands is givin me a headache  not to mention i'm blue  stupid paint thinner  gravity works "
"sirius, <propfemale> and the lunar child\giggle and the flames grow higher\dance in a circle around a central fire\the indigo children\wine, song, food and fire\clothe, shelter and seed\no more need for the old empire(fare thee well to the empire) the indigo children\the indigo children come\the indigo children"
<propfemale>'s word of the weekend: ~catastrophe~ tribute to the south end of a north facing felis domesticus 
"damn the man! save the empire!\ empire records"
shoooopp daaa woooooooooop!
real riot makers!
play me like a fiddle and i'll beat you like a drum 
tang tang tang tang tang is not orange juice 
"\pepsi or cola?!\""  \""i drink pepola!\"" \""whats that?\"" \"" pepsi and cola!\"""""
"bran's word of the weekend: escape- a cape that was formerly in one's possession, but is no longer "
dead people don't talk  shut up 
look <propfemale>! no hands!!!
"don't test me man, i has a handgun! *holds up hand, thumb up, finger pointing*"
"hum hum maxwells silverhammer went hum hum hum hum hum! dammit, i cant get that song out of my head! i've been humming it all day!"
i never changed outta my pj's today  absolutley nothing happened    lazy day 
summer is proving to be relativley boring    but the toast is good!
hmmm    why is it that i'm the only one that never has anything inspirational to say?
"baby, grab a hold of the joystick  take control of the motion  i can feel it when you *ah-ah* baby you make all of the choices, all the players can join us if you feelin like you wanna play games!"
"ah    my own room for now  now i can listen to music without headphones, sing it like its me that wrote it, and dance like nobody's looking!  smile "
"rain makes corn, corn makes whiskey, whiskey makes my baby feel a little frisk-ay! back roads are boggin, up my buddies pile up in my truck  we hunt our honeys down, we take em into town, start warshin' all our worries down the drain! rain is a good thang!"
red tastes better than black  i think you need to use more red 
i have the sudden <propfemale> to make ballon animals    jester instinct? i think so 
"sunnnburntttt    i like this, besides the pain  we need more sun  i need more burn  tomorrow hopefully i get more burn on the front    then it will be tan!"
i don't wanna be a chicken i don't wanna be a duck so i shake my cat daa da da da 
simmannommm! yummy cinnamon rolls!
i'll show you special delivery!
i'm a jeenyus  just ask my mother 
the moral of the story is that bands with no talent can easily amuse idiots with a stupid puppet show 
this is the house
disco stick? the pillsbury dough boy would be riveted 
"i have a wierd, rare, most epic non-contagious disease and i'm proud!"
"potheads are funny, especially if you switch them with a lamp shade!"
"please oh please oh please, let there be something eventful soon!"
wood is a funny word  just say it    wwwood  wood  it sounds like wuuud  i should stop thinking 
"and there i was, standing in front of my dresser, forgetting what i was there for    when i looked up and felt the strong inner need to take a flame thrower to the une playful ecting mosquito on the wall "
i think i just stole my boyfriends sweater  i like it 
i ate a hot dog 
i got rid of the evidence   smile 
"\if you bark again i'm going to rip your little tounge outta your <propfemale> doggy crainium \"" \""   arf!\"" \""    i hate you \"""""
i don't wanna be anything other than what i been tryin' to be- i don't wanna be anything other than me 
"is that puss in boots? nope, it's <propfemale>'s stupid cat in grandpa's extrutuffs  this really is alaska "
i have the sudden urge to talk with an <propfemale> accent 
ima getchuuuu!!!
"this is the part where i usually scream and run, but since it's you and not me, i'm just gonna stand here    pointing and laughing!"
getting exited  when child support get here me and my mama are going clothes shopping  then when dividends get here i'm gonna get a perm  time to get in touch with my feminine side  smile 
the joys of a <propmale> air pump  my mouth is dry   laugh 
"get a life, get a friend, get a job, get a grave "
"i hate sprinkles  call me evil, but sugary rat turds do not appeal to me   "
"me to me: \disco's dead!\"" \""then why are you dancing?\"" \""because thats the way (uhu uhu) i like to (shakeshakeshake!)\"""""
"me to me: \tweeezers  tweezerrrs  what a funny word \"" \""you're not right in the head    the tweezers even said so \"""""
get off my lap  no  the purring doesn't help 
the ravioli commercial makes me hungry 
hmm    i wonder what would happen to the tides if we could bring the <propfemale> to touch earth    would all the water get sucked to the <propfemale>?
nothing nothing nothing  my time on the internet is not well spent today 
two years
"cheeseus rice! i've eaten a banana, orange soda, and jalapeno chips, because thats all i can taste   laugh "
hmm    drive drive drive drive! i like-a    be    da driv-uh 
"i just launched <propfemale>'s cat, like, five feet into the air   laugh "
thinking of thoughts? whoda thunk it? i'm wondering how you are   
my first kiss went a little like this!  laugh 
"you don't know how you met me  you don't know why you can't turn around and say goodbye  all you know is when i'm with you, i make you free, and i swim through your veins like a fish in the sea "
"ah, normal day  school: done  homework: done  chores: done  shower: now!"
boom!
"la-hoo,za-hur!"
time to re-arrange the fridge    after my cereal 
"must be doin' something right  i just heard you sigh  you leaned into my kiss and closed those deep blue need you eyes  don't know what i did to earn a love like this, but baby, i-- must be doin' something right "
root beer: the original failed miracle drug 
"welcome to <propfemale>'s house of pain  would you like the shovel, the duct tape, or would you rather \jump around\"" on hot coals?"""
watched a movie last night  ate some bananas  me time   smile 
"c'mon hillbilly! can your horse do a *fuce playful licitkin* wheelie? you love it down south and boy, you sure do got a purdy mouth   smile  korn=  love "
to many animals 
where is everybody?!?!
curse you and your twinkie water!
come and be with me  live my twisted dream  pro devoted pledge  time for primal concrete sledge!
"i love potatos and all, but this just sucks "
"i remember the island with red and white    how i miss that little island  the blinking light that glowed at night    when i was just a child  no worries, leaning or falling backwards  how i miss those times tonight "
alien ant farm!!! scooore!!!!
"you know, i thought i would be okay if i just ignored you  now you had to go and push my \feminist button\"" and all i want to do now is punch you in the face """
"(btw, my room smells like stuffing)"
"\what can i get for ten dollars?\"" \""anyting you want!\"" \""anything?\"" \""anyting!\"" (funny noises i shouldn't e playful lain to the public)  laugh """
i like to blow it with my friends 
"you think that by crying to me  looking so sorry that i'm gonna believe  you've been infected by a social disease  well, then take your medicine\\i created the sound of madness, wrote the book on pain  somehow i'm still here to e playful lain  that the darkest hour never comes in the night  you can sleep with a gun  when you gonna wake up and fight for yourself?"
"pimp made of bacon!\   wth?"
"sistersweek! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, pulled your hair, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fall, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong and can't live without! copy and paste this to your wall"
lleeeerrrooyy jenkiinnnnsss! *catastrophic confusion*
"you know, i love to lick a battery every now and then, but getting the hell shocked outta your hands when you disect an old desposable camera? that just hurts "
"dear strange, gross feeling in my stomach: i would appriciate if i could eat something without seeing it twice  i do enjoy my food, and i need the nutritional value  thank you very much "
"time to use google earth to look up the <propfemale> trench, just because i want to    again "
i just realized that i haven't worn pants since seinor carnival     laugh 
"gimme a head with hair, long beautiful hair! shinin' gleamin', streamin, flaxin, waxin  gimmie down to there! shoulder length or longer- hair! here, baby, there, momma, everywhere, daddy, daddy! haaaaaiiiiiiiiir flow it, show it, long as i can grow it, my hair!"
what i want for this sandwich: dill pickles and miracle whip    and onions! (don't judge)  tuna sandwiches just aren't the same without them    and i want one 
i look like a raccoon   
"i really need to get off the computer  i'm only on for a couple minutes at a time, but every half hour? this it ridiculous  note to self: lay down, zone out "
*sigh* nothing new    might be spending the night at bri's place    don't feel like staying in tonight 
"oh no, somebody ate spaghetti in the shower again!"
"the travel channel! good food, big rides, and a good way to laugh at strangers who get wedgies from water coasters!"
<propfemale> effin bored  (but the rock on tv is helping  go skillet!)
somehow i ended up sitting on the floor    ?!?
crazy <propmale>'s twiddy dinkies    just doesn't sound right when you don't know what it's about   laugh 
"why yes, this is a scarf pretending to be a skirt "
wanting something with potatoes 
estoy cansado de inglés 
"my daddy, <propfirst> llanos jr, laughes at me when i burn my knuckles pulling tater tots out of the oven, and then laughes harder when i accidentally scrape them against abrasive surfaces "
i wanna blow something up 
<propfemale> morgon schum    oh how i hate those middle school photos 
"boom-lay boom-lay, boom!"
"if you were dead or still alive, i don't care, i don't care  just go and leave this all behind, cuz' i swear(i swear) i don't care "
"oh, say what you will about the holidays, but i'm not looking forward to it "
"my birthday, february 6th: national frozen yogurt day?    sweet!  laugh "
like my status and i'll write you a letter    dear ____  you have a cute ____  if we were in a room together i would ____  me and you should ____  if you hugged me i would ____  you are ____  i'd get your name tattooed on my ____  you have just been dared to make this your status 
la leche con chocolate está congelada  haha   laugh 
"<propmale> zombie was formerly a production assistant for the television show \peewee's playhouse \"""""
"so go, now find yourself  you're selfish, condescending  you and me are now forever    (forever) so go play god in someone else's life, 'cause you and me are now forever (forever dead)  (sevendust    pretty good stuff   smile  )"
"what has two thumbs and likes fried rice?\-this girl!"
"feel me, touch me, gimme some more  call me, text me, answer the phone  and make it faster, faster, listen  talk to me more, more, mo- mo- more  -<propfemale>, crazy loop "
"california is cool an' all, but there ain't no girls like alaska girls   smile "
my hair is cool today   smile 
"just shoot me, the christmas songs are on every station "
"wow    this really sucks  in a funny way though, i totally knew this would happen "
"drugs, sex    alcohol and cigarettes  drama, (your mama) hey, man, you wanna? rock music, dye my hair  got a problem? (grow a pair!)"
egg nawg!
"i just walked into the living room, where my great grandfather was watching dragon ball-z    ooook "
"saying the same thing over and over, but louder, doesn't help me understand what the hell you mean  just so you know   smile "
"girls: please  we're all very pretty, but if your blond, stay blond  brunettes: stay brunettes! highlights, understood, but really! our natural skin tones don't match well with our wacky hair dyes   smile  this goes for red heads too!  smile "
"wow, these radio guys talk like they have a gun to their back or a stick up their @$$  i bet i could do that job way better "
haha! hahahahahaha! fake tans   laugh  look at all the orange people!
*long line of really bad words and mega frustratioooonnnn!* i am such an idiot! oh the humbling e playful erience of grabbing the wrong book to finish my world history notes! oh the test! now i don't even have the card! huge face-palm! mega fail! failure! failboat! failtastic! *more bad words!*
"red-bull, and hopefully someday: gin   smile "
"red-bull, cuz i'm crazy   smile "
"\you want this cake?!\"" \""i want it!\"""""
my pocket smells like a fireplace   smile 
"*looks at computer for a long time, then at the tv* \what in the bawls am i watching?!\"""""
okay so: for some entertainment i decided to drink tea from a ketchup thing    no ketchup in it   laugh 
"hold back your fears you're more than home  could it be that the tears no longer sad but true  break the moment into something more than gold  and i realize it now, it was never meant to hold "
"i can't take you seriously with that silly profile cartoon  pedophiles or child abuse protesters: either way, i can't help but laugh "
it's not music  it's free therapy 
it's too bad we never talk anymore  but on the other hand    life is better with you gone 
"a person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you wont post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post"
should i be nervous or exited?
"i don't even know why i'm on the internet, i'm to tired to even eat anything "
"being a celebrity isn't a job  these days, you can't even be a cashier with a criminal record "
what an interestingly random time to ponder how you're doing 
"man-o-man, does my stomach feel icky  damn you <propfemale> l  llanos and <propfirst> bachant  for getting me feel so gross on the insides "
loo <propfirst> doo 
"faster then redheaded step children, quiet as any ninja, drunk as any pirate and cooler than <propfirst> the ripper: the creepers!"
what have i got myself into this time?
"i swear, food is out to get me "
only in alaska will you find a hatchet next to the cheerios 
"yeah, i know nobody knows where it comes and where it goes  i know it's everybody's sin  you got to lose to know how to win "
how many people can actually claim that they've broken a whoopy cushion by sitting on it?
"ever get that sudden \i-wanna-drop-kick-a-pickle-across-the-empire-state-building-while whistling-the-'benny hill freak out speed'-theme-song-because-i-can\"" feeling?"""
irony: it bites me in the ass every day of my life 
i need a change  something exiting    or at least something worth a memory 
"i've decided to widen my interest in the human skeleton  i know all the <propmale> ones, but now i'm working on the hands and feet and soon every plate in the cranium  my 2011 goal: memorize more than half   smile "
"i used to howl at the <propfemale>, yeah i've been known to roam  then i caught her trail one day, followed this girl home  i ain't the same    she knows how to put my chain "
"okay, so i finally got the bright idea to go to youtube and look up this \what what?\"" song that <propfirst> hendricks <propmale> pruitt and <propfirst> <propmale> are always singing  i officially burned my retinas and almost puked chocolate milk all over  thanks a lot  you guys are nasty   laugh """
wndr wht th wrld wld b lk wth n vwls 
lemons 
"i know it's cold outside, but if i wanna wear shorts and sandals and clean my room to the beach boys    i will  i'm pickin' up good vibrations     smile "
i almost told you that i loved you  thank god i didn't 'cause it would've been a lie  i say the damnedest things when you're on top of me  i almost told you that i loved you  <-- my newest favorite   smile 
step two: carpals 
i bet this would go a lot faster if i could just pull up my big girl panties and call 
what do you think my last words would be?
promises mean everything when you're little and the world's so big  i just don't understand how you can smile with all those tears in your eyes  tell me everything is wonderful now  please don't tell me everything is wonderful now 
let's start a debate  cereal is best eaten cold in the late afternoon  agree disagree?
just took out all those braids that were in my hair  i have an epic poodle ponytial   laugh 
"a \smart ass\"" is someone who can sit on an ice cream cone and tell you what flavor it is """
this is when you'd e playful ect me to come up with a witty comment  i'll show you a witty comment 
quitcherbitchin'  so there 
want somebody to distract me 
i just tried to call my i-pod  mlia
sick of seeing the same old people    blah 
sunlight     love 
hammer time 
oh joy  getting up early 
my third orange in 15 minutes! yay for vitamin c!
hahaha    hahahahahahaha    hahahah        sinner 
waffles?
"ooooh, hot, ahhh, i'm burning   laugh "
"yo everybody, thanks for the \happy birthday\""s and stuff!"""
if i seem to be ignoring you i just wanted to say that your assumptions are right  leave me be for a little while 
momma made me good noodles  i'm happy now   smile 
just got cd two of three from my dad   smile  1 ) exited to get mail! 2 ) pm5k: it speaks for itself  i love it 
guess who got her homework done! me!
"somewhere on the other side of nowhere  that's where were going and you'll know when we get there  somewhere on the other side of nowhere, that's where we're going now "
lame 
love comes in all flavors and they are all pretty damn delicious 
then i realized that the only thing keeping the plate balanced was the tatertots i was eating 
"when you give me k-kisses  (that's money, <propfemale>) when i'm your lover and your mistress  (that's money, <propfemale>) when you touch me it's so delicious  (that's money, <propfemale>) baby, when you tear me to pieces  (that's money, <propfemale>)\that's m o n e y, so sexy, i"
"yeah baby, who's that long, dark haired goddess in a big \taz\"" tee shirt? me   smile  now i'm going to bed """
let's see how creative my facebook friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy   that's no fun    
i spent most my day in a gorilla suit and this is what i got from it: dancing with people is fun when they don't know who the hell you are!
the name is pickles  got it? good 
"got my heels after all  the little reddish pair are smaller and easier to walk in, but the ice-cream shop ones give me an extra six inches  i'm as tall as dad in them  thanks for the late birthday gifts, momma   smile "
"maybe i should just take pictures of myself rather than let everybody else take them, because seriously, in some of these i just wanna rip my face off   laugh "
"yay! now we can enjoy jerky together like real cannibals  \* carnivores!"
"fill in the blank: \i could really use a ______ right about now \"""""
"salt increases water density, but chocolate powder makes milk nearly impenetrable "
"oh joy    another seemingly pointless day  woke up, went to school, had a few laughs, went home, cleaned (most of) the kitchen (hope i don't get in trouble for skipping the dishes ) waiting for a call that most likely isn't coming  wishing for an e-mail from someone that probably isn't home    *sigh* another day "
inspector gadget *<propfirst> na-na-na nat na!*
my i-tunes top 3: alternative  rock  metal  yours?
"yeah, that's right  roll with them punches!"
what a yummy blue cereal    i like frosted mini wheats   smile 
"bored  the snow looks fun, but it's not fun when you're out there by yourself  then it's just cold and quiet "
"it takes an actress to be pretty in pictures, but it takes a woman to be pretty in real life  take that, models and media, take that "
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along! four words is harder than you think!  laugh "
"okay, okay take it! take the weiner, just get outta my crotch!"
holy schist! my status just changed!!
the gettysburg address is kickin' my <propmale> <propfemale> 
oy  why do people need sleep in the first place? i never wanna go to sleep    but when i get up in the morning i would give my left imaginary nut to stay in bed 
"<propfemale> lauth: \it's chocolate!\""\",fa5713fbfb989387d769117e2480a2cd,we're having pizza tonight    and i want absolutely nothing to do with it 
<propfemale>!
hmm    i don't know where this bruise came from   
"zombies are cooler than vampires, werewolves, big foot, and crazy frog all put together "
"a friend in need's a friend indeed, a friend who'll tease is better  our thoughts compress which makes us blessed and makes for <propfemale> weather "
it's gonna be a long week    dammit 
my shoe's untied    i think i should tie it  if i don't i might trip over it    we all know how awesome that looks 
riddick!  laugh   love  !!!
i robbed a crackhead because that bitch stole my taco 
for natural male enhancement: put your hand in a bag of imported bananas   smile 
wanna be a rebel    don't have the bawls to get into trouble   laugh  well    at least mom and dad don't have anything to worry about 
somebody  entertain me  or at least step on my fingers so i can entertain myself 
getting better! yay! felt like i was dying for a while there   laugh 
"yes, it is fudgy and delicious  no, i'm just kidding, it was strawberry   laugh "
"random piece of conversation with myself using movie lines annoyed \so"," what brings you to this fine day on the eac?\""\"fa5713fbfb989387d769117e2480a2cd,you    you make my butt itch  > >
then i realized    things get awkward when you're involuntarily pelvic thrusting and nobody's watching 
"the hills are not alive with the sound of music  in fact, the hills are alive with the sound of godzilla stepping on your head  enjoy "
