ec7cf6208217a0262ceaba32ce435045
"i have no clue what i'm doing right now, but my grandpa is telling me to \fry the darn chicken\""   """
"chemistry, chemistry   and, chemistry! sad "
"i love the lady who runs the chinese restaurant by my house, shes such a business women!"
ii can't wait for fcat to come and go so my dad will quite buggin me about it
i am finally allowed back on facebook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i waited for you watching you sleep; machines were beating for you  dolled up in white, wrapped in tubes; you wore them so gracefully  angels and demons were fighting for you;your maidens do your bidding  if you wake, mine will be the first eyes you see "
"i really need to do some crunches, my youngest sister fits into everything she tries on!!! as for myself, maybe 1 in 20  wink "
i think the only way im gonna get a permit or license is if i drive a tractor   or a moped 
"i think people who commit themselves to a full on \marriage\"" type of relantionship right from the get-go are scary   """
i have just decided that i am going to be a nun 
"my sister is no longer allowed to possess anything of technological value   she lost the phone, found it at another persons house, and said it was no big deal  i think otherwise "
thick hair is such a blessing  smile 
i just got a new computer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!thank you lord god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
school needs to go away   now 
"yo!!!all of the people i know at school need to go to my church on easter sunday! interseted? talk to me then or send me a message, i will reply!!!"
bon jovi's dead or alive is an amazingsong   
i just made the best enchaladas in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im bored   again 
i just made porkchops!!!!!!!!they were awesome   
spring break is so borign  i have nothin to do  anybody want to take me to the beach? please?
i am sooooo not the athletic type
"tarzan the book is waaaaaaaaaaaay different than the movie   its kinda like what disney did to <propfemale> in wonderland, they pg-ed the movie because the book would have terriffied small children-cough cough-johnny depp!"
"today we of evangel <propfemale> were commisioned with a 28 day period of reading a chapter from the book of acts a day  read it with me, and comment  smile "
"just got back from multicultural night at school   those of you who were there since two pm, i am so glad that the crisis was avoided! anyways, i have just discovered that todance all you have to do is shake your butt, thats it!!! what is up with people these days???"
"my parents finally allowed me to get my permit and after 4 grueling hours, i have completed my drug-alcohol test!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woooooooooohooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"on what were its footings set, or who laid its cornerstone-while the  morning stars sang together and all the angels shouted for joy?who shut up the sea behind doors when it burst forth from the womb, when i made the clouds its garments and wrapped it in thick darkness, when i fixed limits for it and set its doors and bars in place, when i said,"
"\this far you may come and no farther;here is where your proud waves halt\""?   last two were job 38:6-11"""
"if a genious worked at that, those verses would make a great human video  smile "
imma makin smoothies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
most of his books are banned from school libraries and my republican english teacher likes this guy??!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i am slightly infuriated   
so i attempted to iron a shirt i want to wear to church tonight annnnnnnnnnnnd i think i just made it worse  sad 
church    what can i say? somethin une playful ected every time 
going to disney tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!wakin up at 4am not gettin back till o'dark thirty in the mornin   what a wonderful day i gonna have tomorrow!!!!!!!!! laugh 
i have so many people talking to me   i feel special  smile 
finally allowed back on the computer!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!still grounded?    probably  sad 
me and my big mouth   does anybody have some ducktape i can borrow??
"ok, so im gettingmy haircut next saturday and i have no clue what to do to it   any suggestions?"
"is there no room in your life for a little pancakes  in the morning,i in the evening, in the middle of the day??!!   i love you berachah  smile "
alright everybody   i need 35 people to like <propfirst> stinkin <propmale>'s status   go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   like this status and ill give you a like dislike and confession
absolute by the fray   im in love with the intro
dont ever visit the <propfirst> wagons in namby-pamby land   
"so how about my guidance councelor for oakleaf called me today with som issues in my schedule   aparently i am the only person to sign upfor ap physics and 1 of three to sign up for ap biology     needless to say that there wer no ohter ap science courses offered   therefore, i willl spend a class period a day in the iss room doing ap biology online     this should be interesting"
i wish i was going to sunday school today!!!!!
the enemy is playing checkers while gos is playing chess  smile 
"my smiley faces in the chat boxes are invisible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\\now im sad    "
ok guys   so i have a birthday party coming up on the 28th    its gonna be a cookout swimming outdoors kinda thing at goldhead state park  if anyoneis interested in going will you please like this status so that i can get a headcount to tell my grandma how many people are coming and how much food we need to bring?  anyways   its gonna be fun because its my 16th birthday party  laugh 
a liberal  by definition   is a communist groupie 
"this is my new and updated schedule annoyed \1  ap us history-knapp\2  drivers ed -keller\3  ap english composition-napier\4  pre calculus-veczko\5  delinquent class- bullock\6  spanish 3- sein"
"sooooo    my dad going shrimping today means that we get to decapitate, dismember and devein a cooler full of shrimp   right now, i am on a break after an hour and a half    we probably have two hours to go    and after five minutes of hot soapy water, i still stink  playful "
to all of the wonderful people whom i love so very very much    thank you from the bottom of my heart!!!!!!! yall have no idea how much i appreciate everything yall do for me!!!!!!!!!!!
calling all pre-calc veczko students!!!!!!!!!!! does anybody know how to do number 48 on 1-6????????
i hate popcorn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im kinda worried about my uncl-aunt <propfemale> right now    laugh 
sooooo   you know an exam's gonna be bad when you realize that no one finished without christmas treeing and the asians didnt even get a perfect score       or when the teacher decides to call his own test some not very nice things    thanks mr  veczko  annoyed 
sophmore   needmore    gotta love pre-calc  wink 
"in my dreams, your dreams come true-josh turner  smile "
"miss ohs  pageant, the most amazing girl up there won    i knew all that coaching would come in handy  wink ! just kidding, she did that all on her own  smile "
i wish argyle had pools like oakleaf does   
