61638fef09f46d7841464bf6ebe6ea01
"it's late   if i had it my way, i'd be asleep   only have four hours before i have to be up again   "
"`lotta things going on in life   i'm sure we all have our own problems to their own varying degrees, but i can't help but look forward to the future   i know that there are good things on the horizon just waiting for us to reach out and grasp them "
"i've never known myself to be emotional   actually, i'm usually quite the opposite, but here lately i've been forced to deal with a lot of changes   normally changes aren't so bad, but   i guess you could say that they're really affecting my self-esteem  my sister's become   overly emotional lately; my old man keeps complaining to me about his truck; i've got issues to worry about bill-wise  i don't know what to do "
"here lately, an old flame of mine and i have been talking, and while we're not going to be getting back together anytime soon   she still drags out that hurt side of me   i doubt i'll recover from how she hurt me in the near future   but all these emotions, all this stress, and all this uncertainty   it's destructive   and confusing "
"\where am i going in life?  what are my goals?  how can i acheive those goals?\""  these are questions that are floating around in my head   but there are so many more    \""what is the purpose of following a path in life?  why do i need goals?  what is the true purpose of acheiving them?\"" but that's just the tip of the iceburg   why am i so confused?  why can't i understand?  what is this test?"""
"layers upon layers of thoughts and emotions are roiling inside me, threatening to take over my mind and soul   i feel like i'm being ripped apart and the only thing i can think of is how painful it is   i'm so confused   "
wish this month wasn't here yet   
"   so i did that zodiac compatability thing, and found out that my closest friends are either taurus or saggitarius   not that it said i was compatible or anything, but i only pout my close friends names up there   i didn't realize i associated with bulls and archers that much!  no complaints!   playful "
blerg
   being single sucks   
feeling more optimistic that i have in a long time 
"it's christmas, so why do i feel so alone?  lol!  i sound emo!"
<propfemale> christmas everyone (or happy holidays if you don't celebrate it  playful )
i'm feeling better!  i stopped by the gas station to pick up a few things to eat   and had this really attractive girl check me out  playful  i feel much better!
i had a girlfriend some time ago that i dedicated almost all my time to   we were happy   happier than i'd been in a long time 
"sadly, it ended, but i can't hold it against her   love's a two-way street, you know?  but the least she could do is talk to me   she was one of my closest friends, and the next thing i know, i call her and get a \i don't think you should call this number again   \"" and hangs up   and now i'm left with nothing but pain and confusion     and i can't help but wonder why   """
feeling older than i've ever felt before 
"i've been going to the gym for about a week now, and i'm starting to see some improvement   wonder what'll happen after a few months?"
"i can't help but wonder what the plan laid out for me is   i'm a firm believer that everything happens for a reason, but is there a reason for nothing happening?  i really wish i could get a glimpse of the future, so i would know what to do now   i want to follow what i feel inside, but should i do that if it only leads to another's pain?"
"have you ever just wanted someone to talk to, but known that if you talk to someone, they'll think differently of you?"
"i got to see an old friend at <propfemale> corral tonight!  haven't seen her in a long time and, oddly enough, i ended up sitting at the table beside hers without even knowing about it!"
"so, i have this friend that i work with, and she just got a promotion   i'm happy for her, yes, but for some reason, she felt it necessary to delete all of her friends from work from her facebook to 'keep it professional' "
"for some reason, i think she's taking this a little far   she didn't get a promotion to management, she got a promotion to specialist   she has no real authority or power, so why exactly is she forcing everyone away to keep a job that requires extreme contact with people professional?"
fried potatoes
they tell me to stay away   those two words i can't obey   
i hasd a mentor once who would go on and on about the 'real world' and he was right to an extent   but never before would i have guessed that it would be this       disappointing   
"is se fee fee, leh leh ehone!"
you never know what you've lost until you touch your arm and can't feel it 
"there ain't no rest for the wicked, lol!"
"someone managed to thoroughly piss me off tonight   i'm an easygoing guy, but do not question my integrity "
"yeah, i can't be quite sure, but i think being awake would be much more interesting without allergies   "
"first day at the new job was rough, but i'll get used to it soon enough "
"i'm tired and i'm lonely, but worst of all, i don't know if i would be able to take companionship even if it were offered   my head hurts   i'm tired     i'm passing out for the night   got more work in the morning "
"another day at work   different job though, lol   after a bit of thought i've come to realize how little time i'll have to do anything   with all the work that needs done to the trailer, i think i'm going to be very sleep deprived for a while "
"off work   it's kinda nice, but i'm beginning to like opening at ecycle more, lol   maybe i'm turning into a morning person            nah "
i'm evil   and i love it   lol
got my first paycheck from my new job today   and wow   i made more in a week than i do in two weeks at bam   wtf?
"poke\me if youever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a goodfriend \message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on \this if we have had good memories  lets see who's brave enough \tocopy and paste this on their status "
"so i was hallucinating on the ride home to the point of signs growing taller and seeing various movements at the side of my vision, but that doesn't compare to the fact that i had mostly gotten used to it at the end of the ride but apparently that deer that i nearly hit was not, in fact, a hallucination "
"i'm getting tired of fakes   it's okay to say one thing and mean it, but when you're trying to be someone you're not and then, as an offered outcome is happening, suddenly change your mind and say that it's not who you are   i believe that is among the highest forms of betrayal    intentional or not "
imagine sitting a work with a drill in one hand and a hard drive in the other   now imagine your best friend walking up with the walls of a <propmale> (about 30lbs) above his head   now imagine that he throws it and drops it on your head!  it freaking hurt!  knocked some sense into me though   and a migrane t-t
on saturday i'll have my first day off in 20 days o o  so   very   close   
just drove a forklift for the first time in 3 years   and had it figured out after 10 seconds   lol   didn't realize such a complex machine was so simple 
i'm being forced to manually delete 99% of the updates that my computer has installed over the past 6 years t-t
saw avatar on thursday   i saw both the worst and the best acting of my life in that movie   lol 
imagine my surprise when i'm driving down the road and see this massive bird on the roadside   i wasn't aware hawks got that big o o
why does it still hurt?  nearly two years have passed and it all but subsided   and now it's back   why does it still hurt?
so close to the uproar festival   so   very   close   
"i'm hot, sweaty, my hair is sticking up in random places and is clumped together from dirt   i have shards of glass and plastic all over my hands, arms, and face     yup, just another day at work "
"halo reach is out   and i'm at work for another ten hour day   \why must it torture me so?!?!?  t-t"
not feelin so hot   something feels off and i can't pinpoint what it is   
"was sitting on red top mountain, talking to my mother, when my passenger \(ace winterborn) held up his hands like he had a police laser   and the car he was pointing at immediately slowed down!  lmfao!  it was hilarious!"
i now officially know how hemophiliacs feel o o
i actually lost it tonight    i actually lost it! that hasn't happened in years!  wtf?!?
it's been an interesting night; i'm sure the coming months will get a lot more interesting 
"okay, i give up    what in the world does fml mean?!?!?!"
"i remember one night when i was pizza driving, a bigger dog wandered into the road when i was about to pass another car, so we both slowed down to a crawl   well, i decided to honk to scare the dog out of the road   it didn't work that well   the dog tried to run across the road, but stared at my car the entire time   "
not feelin so hot   i haven't felt normal in over a week   this sucks!  lol 
today has been one of the strangest days of my life   i woke up at 9 smile 0 suffering from hyperventilation cause apparently i kicked a blanket off me in the middle of the night   in a room that was below 70 degrees   
"it never ceases to amaze me how little luck i have   today, at work, i was requested to pull a music display to the other side of the building   half way there, the bottom ripped and everything toppled over   well, if nothing else, at least i keep the job interesting!"
here's to learning from our past mistakes and knowing exactly what will happen if we try them again 
"some words are best if left unspoken,\some paths are best if left untread,\but in truth, we all are broken\and left in a world that's tainted red   "
"i wonder what's worse   hurting because of something you did, or regretting telling the truth, because had you lied, you would be happy "
yep   i'm bored   i'm thinking of buying some weights just so i'll have something to do at 4 in the morning other than lay on my stomache on the computer   this way i can be lifting weights while sitting in a chair on the computer ^-^
i have officially used a shuriken to pull out something 6cm under one of my fingernails   i feel complete   lol 
so apparently being awake between midnight and 6am isn't actually normal?
"for some reason, when a woman wears less clothing, it makes her 'hotter'   who though that crock up?  sorry ladies, have some decency and put some clothes on   that way you might actually find someone who think's your beautiful without the sole <propfemale> of getting in your pants "
finally!  i found the combination i was looking for!  this song's ganna be great!
"gotta be up early   but every time i try to go to bed, something stops me "
"i hear the siren's call, leading me to nowhere"
running out of bullets?  the sns has the answer:      more bullets!!!
"dear mr  president, i hereby want to freeze payrates for the military next year  are you also willing to cut your own pay to save money? while were at it why not cut the congressmans pay as well  if your not willing to pay the people who risk their lives everyday why should we pay those who take no risks at all? keep this going if you agree "
"5 months left   5 more months and i can finally go back to school   after waiting a few more for the semester to start back up, lol "
"i meant to post this on friday, but was too tired to do it when i got to my computer, so i'll go for it now   friday started our unforgettable hours at b a m  and was one of my more   interesting days   started off with waking up to my best friend trying to get me to help take down a tree   "
"pain   lots of pain   dodgeball was fun, but the after effects if it kinda suck   i managed to get hit when i was falling backwards   and it was enough to propell me to the ground, roll me over, and land me in a crouching position   i'd be laughing at it too if it didn't still hurt o o"
"so i've come to the conclusion   i'm not one of the 'nice guys' anymore   lol   i figured that out some time ago, but never really got around to thinking about it   not much of a loss now that i think about it   \words of advice to all the 'nice guys' out there: look for more   there's more to it than being reliable and treating a lady nice "
"there aren't a whole lot of people left in the world that i would call 'gentlemanly', but today my girlfriend and i were at a subway when we began speaking to a seated elderly couple   after some time and a lot of laughs, we learned that they had been together for over 50 years "
two days!  o o
one day!!!
"moved into the new apartment!  downside?  i got fired the next day t-t  oh well, trying to keep a positive outlook   searching for a new job  annoyed "
"it's beyond me how   but somehow or another, i ended up with 77 emails in a span of a couple days o o"
finally got a new job!  only took a month this time o o
