2d5d5d672d5be65b1a7f58f8084d6082
"finally, i have a facebook "
i can hear club la vela music from my living room 
"i was flying through that history quiz today, hope i can do that on my essay "
oh my gosh another maximum ride book! (i'll be even more excited though if they drop the global warming theme)
i walked more than half way from school to the bridge and i liked it  smile 
downloading music  my mp3 rocket's working again 
i feel awesome  i did my math homework without my teacher telling me how to do it!
"so sad, the air force academy doesn't appear to have criminal justice or psychology majors "
"so i got on the wrong bus(technically the right bus but it had a different route) and the closest it got to my house was the opposite end of my street(which is probably a 20min walk)  i had no problem with walking, but i lucked out and my friend's mom from a street down drove by and gave me a lift  thank you <propfirst> & <propfirst>'s mom!"
"whoa, i didn't know you could have negative farmville bucks  how do i get farmville bucks fast without buying them?"
"we got two bunnies for easter! they're the cutest softest things ever! oh, and go see how to train your dragon, it was great "
i got my driver's licence!!!! laugh 
there should be a cute cashier at the end of every long line in walmart  smile  it helps you get over how annoying the wait was 
i want to go to the beach  anyone wanna meet me there?
my little brother has been on my profile all day playing mafia wars 
still don't have a date for the prom sad 
well my schedule just freed up significantly 
@ my grandparents farm  they have baby bunnies!
i beat my brother at egyptian war! which by the way never happens  i slowed his reaction time by turning on the tv 
i know i'll do better on this math quiz  this time i have some idea as to what's going on 
this band trip is going to be the best ever! i wanna scream i'm so excited!
"i know i need to get started on my economics project, it just doesn't feel urgent yet "
"wish me luck, guys  sat tomorrow "
parents just got a new obstical course: pirate themed! so much fun 
i got so lucky; i was late for the sat but they let me in 
my brothers take wii tennis too seriously 
uploading photos takes forever 
"finished chapter 6 assignment  by the way, any guys looking for a date to prom?"
"new comic book! it's just a shame how short an issue is  also while i was there, i got their new hero click nightcrawler, my favorite x-men!"
i'm watching final destination 3  i had to leave the room during the tanning bed  
i'm the march hare in the <propfemale> and wonderland skit tomorrow!
i think i had a mini heart-attack  i just got asked to <propmale>'s prom 
going to <propmale>'s prom  so glad it's a double date 
"great weather today, feels like fall  anyone know about parade of homes today?"
"good luck on the aice & ap tests, i know i'll need it "
wanted: group of friends to join with for prom 
"has anyone ever seen a picture of arcade, the assassin from x-men? it's a shame he's insane, his smile is adorable "
5-hour energy is amazing!
a little worried now  can't find my cellphone  which means i can't find my alarm clock or calender 
phew! worst of aice exams are over  now i just have to get caught back up in math and economics 
i hate this heat!
my mom sprained her ankle 
"time is a funny thing, isn't it?"
it is too freaking hot! i need air conditioning 
i haven't seen lightening in forever 
"i've finnished all my math homework, now i just need to score decent on the exam  yikes "
feeling numb anxiety  i didn't finnish my thinking skills or statistics exams 
i was up all night at <propmale>'s project graduation  bay students dance so much better 
i was reading it by <propfirst> <propmale> out loud in the car and i scared <propmale> 
got a big fun day planned smile 
and once again the plans fall through 
"i think i'm going to the beach tomorrow with family, unless the oil hits early  how close is it now?"
was tired of other people messing up my plans so i went to dipp'n dotts myself 
finally! mom said she wants to go to the beach 
"went to the french quarter yesterday   by myself! so much fun, so many cool masks  oh, forgot to take a picture of the unicorn mask  ask about it "
my father loved the card i got him  laugh   i didn't know there was a dad of teen daughter section 
the horror! my brother is getting in trouble at church camp!
"how many of us really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you    i want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after your comment,copy this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responsesyou get   will be    interesting to see    who comments"
"everyone! check out comedian myq kaplan, he just went on last comic standing and is up there with <propmale> cook!"
my cat is inspirational  starting a new story tonight 
grrr  someone ate my fudge!
when will this weather let up?
lots of hot sweaty work today 
how long is it supposed to take to download a lousy computer game?!
nights like this are why i can't wait to get out of town 
been having awful nightmares the past three nights  the last one was like final destination for band kids 
really hopes plans don't fall through tommorrow 
"pirate hat today, bay high beret tomorrow "
"plans fell through  i swear! i type that more than i type \made plans \"""""
i'm back in town  did you know dolphins are in the <propfemale> river? there are loads of them 
loosing a phone charger is a scary thing  anyone know how to charge a phone without a charger or batteries?
anyone else horrified and ecstatic for senior year?
"what are we supposed to use this \notes\"" thing for on our profile?"""
you know what? screw farmville >=p
ta-da! finnished the <propfemale> eyre work!
"who knows a thing or two about computer animation? it's the weirdest thing, but i feverish <propfemale> to know more about it "
i just figured out how to make cool eyes and clothes on sims 2!
what time is the icecream social?
waiting for friends to show up 
ahh! what kind of timeline goes from 4000 bc to 30 bc? help! what do tiers look like?
i'm going to be a bride's maid for my aunt! laugh 
"i just got my dress, it's so cool! it's the kind that you can twist into different styles so i can wear it for anything "
"hope i did this project right; did we get a rubric? oh, and now i like unicorns because unicorns would like me  smile "
"i just saved bedtime care bear  almost every seam on him was busted, but i fixed him  smile "
"owls are now my favorite animal, right up there with buffalo "
"best of luck to my neighbors  they're moving in the morning and they left me a nice bike! it has signs of age, but it's perfect for college campuses "
i want everything to just freeze for a few hours 
"i'm working on the aeneas project, and then i'm going to work in applications "
"oi, essays  i'd have a lot more done without them "
my uncle is in town! laugh 
"just ran across a strange website about a book comming out soon  if any one ever read may bird, you might want to look this up -the haunted ghost orphans of ravensbreath castle  warning: the pictures are creepy "
i saw bridge to terrabithia last night  who else cried watching that movie?
"off to play racket ball  never played before, so this should be fun "
i have no idea how to analyze my poem 
how long did we have to learn about <propmale> architecture? it feels like it was less than a weeks worth 
"good luck on aice exams tomorrow, everyone "
what idiot said that senior year was easy?
"megamind is inspiring and touching  i never watch movies over and over again, but i'd make an exception for this one!"
essays make me sleepy - -zzz
been doing math for three hours! i need a break 
what a wonderful weekend this will be!
do guys shampoo and condition beards?
i've been admitted to university of west florida!!! laugh 
eating dinner then off to improvments!
my computer won't let me on the band website! it says something about an api password 
my brothers are watching the lovely bones  worst  movie  ever 
that band trip has my sleeping pattern all out of wack 
"back to school, can't wait for christmas break "
my brother had a 102 on the exam and a d in the class  anybody else see a problem with that?
i just sent my application to <propmale>  they are offering me a huge scholarship! i wonder why  
so what time is coffee house and how much will it cost?
i'm watching the sing-off  go whiffenpoofs!
"homework done, so tomorrow i can do lots of family stuff smile "
going to visit great grandma at the nursing home soon 
i just finnished the 13th episode of helsing  he is so awesome!
that shakespeare-pig-piggybank is totally on my christmas list!
"<propfirst> your calender! pirates of the caribbean: on stranger tides, may 20th!"
i have sculpted the greatest suhada bhatt christmas ornament ever 
downloaded singing in the rain umbrella from glee  that was such an awesome performance 
i won a case of make-up from dirty <propfemale>!
watching the hunchback of notre dame 
wouldn't it be amazing to work at disney?
just accepted to <propmale>! i'll need a big pell <propmale> to afford it though 
craziest thing just happened  i e playful anded my singing range 
got home last night  just saw cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs  are scrunchi's really that nerdy?
"my parents have uf bounce house now, so when we start getting accepted have a party and call me!"
i'm looking at pictures of pacific northwest tree octopus to decide if they're real and it's blowing my mind  i can't wrap my mind around it! it sounds so si-fi!
the secret to a good weekend is for the fun to start immediatly after leaving campus 
i watched pet sematery  i cried when gage died 
i got an 80 on the asfab! that means i can do anything i want!
so who all is going to grad bash? i need to find roommates 
"aw, thanks everyone!"
anyone else going to the soccer game?
i'm accepted to uf!!!
went skating last night  had the best time ever!
"my heart doth beat for a voice and being as is like a <propfemale>, nay sun, for i have always been in thine pressence, and like me a morning thou's pressence has just dawned on --\my renaissance faire status "
did anyone else make a ren  status?
i'll be working at applebee's on the beach soon smile 
full day tomorrow! hopefully i'll feel better in the morning 
i think everything i planned just got tossed out the window  i have orientation for my new job tomorrow  i'm going to miss the mardi gras parade and d&d will be cut too short to get anything done 
going to mardi gras after all!
my day was eventful after all 
first day on the job  come eat at applebee's on the beach!
"'morning seniors, did you sleep well?"
i'm giving up this tetris app for lent 
"after monday and tuesday, even the calender says wtf --steven <propfirst>"
"if i'm a good friend, like this status \if you love me, comment \if you hate me, inbox me why \if you have ever had a crush (or still do) on me, poke me \if you're not scared, set this as your status &, see what you turn out with ?"
"hey, i know everyone is going to the beach tomorrow, so come visit me at applebees for dinner laugh "
delivering pizza is the best teen job ever 
i'm accepted to fsu and uf 
i met <propfirst> bowen's female equivalent and her name is <propfemale> myska 
"found a prom dress, finally "
<propfemale>'s mom: <propfemale> needs a date for prom  all male friends or nice boys please apply 
i had my first dinner in two weeks  salmon burgers with brocolli and cheese yum(=
went to pier park with the family  got new shoes for prom and saw red riding hood 
came home with a smile on my face  reason? i walked in at 7:45 and not 10:45 
we have air conditioning!
finally went to the beach smile 
60 degrees next week? i thought it was summer time!
