b9192440732f3ebd2a2152b8adfd26d4
"got off work early today, it was a good day "
get off work at 3 smile 0am tonight     crap!!
yea finally off work now i can get some sle       zzzzzzzzzzz!!!!
has been thinking a lot about friendships lately
"\nobody really knows how much anybody else is hurting  we could be standing right next to somebody who is completely broken and we wouldn't even know it \"""""
is eating a bowl of mint chocolate chip ice cream at 1 surprise 8am
"just had an amazing workout session,feels absolutely great although i can barely move my arms to type, it hurts so bad but it feels so good!!"
"woo hoo, time to put out the wednesday new register!!! fun fun fun"
back to work     (sigh)    crap!
"i just found out i can play guitar hero left handed on medium with no problem, weird!!"
"woo hoo lovin my itouch!!!, its awesome!!!"
just bought new tires for my charger woo hoo
i love working on saturday!!!!!      huh damn
has been up for 25 hours and still going
just bought sonic the hedgehog 2 for my itouch its sweet!!
had an incredable night with my girl!
"well the suns coming up, time for bed goodday everyone"
had a great night with my baby
"some of the greatest things in life are unseen, thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream   "
just went to the gym with trev had alot of fun
estoy mucho cansado sad 
disgusted with myself
had an awesome time with my girl tonight smile 
i love <propfirst> de lune by <propfirst> debussy
probably partied a little too hard last night lol
"she is laying on my bed, playing my computer, super sexy smile "
"be honest! if you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me, put a?   if i'm your friend, put a  smile    if you ever wanted to go out with   me, poke me  if you miss me, put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush on me,message me saying so if you're not scared, post this as your status"
good workout! time for the cool down jog
fml!!!!
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a bi**h, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if they have been months or longer, apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are!!  laugh "
miss her sigh     just missing her
great day with my sweetheart smile 
"had such a good day with my sweetie, we didn't do a damn thing and it was great!, i wish everyday could be like this, can't stop thinking about her"
making grilled cheese sandwiches with my sweetie smile 
