62890599fccd506d4e12c1537eaabe48
i've caught up with time    i am oon facebook 
what's always on my mind    think about it 
i'sa tired fool 
<propfemale> seminar over easter 
"takin some time for myself   i'm not doing anything for anybody, if they want something    do it yourself cause today is my day t do what i want    absolutly nothing "
too pooped t poop
"phone crapped out, so its out till i get another   life is a joke!"
"phone is workin for th time bein, its still screwy but it what i got for now   i'm waitin for <propmale> barker t call my name"
"e playful losive, nuclear, meltdown, planet busting gravitic dialator, zero point galactic sigularity disrupter, anti dark matter temporal disterbance, with a universal transdimentional coaleser    any challanges?"
"peaches and cream, preferably th cream"
life is good today   for today   started wokin out   i'm gonna get a new ass!
"<propfemale> joplin's \i need a man\""    it a great song"""
when is jenn gonna get me some pictures of me?  i know she has em!  damit <propfemale>!!!
getting off today   gonna go get some pants 
i've got new pants!!!  i'm moving into th decade now   ya outta see my shirts too   plus shoes!  happy me birthday!!!
"ok, so i merely shapeshifted and didnt actually die   when you live forever you gotta play dead every now and then just t fit in "
i need luck wished for me   testing 
cant wait t get my back peice!!!
"ah, what a gorgious day!  does my heart good to wake up to the pouring rain, rolling thunder, and flashes of lightning   i'm almost ready to go for a walk in th breeze   it's a beautiful in this nieghborhood    "
lonely 
tat and marked!!!
i need a squirl 
green eggs and bacon
wink feedle thistledown biddleboon
"guys, i'm not on farmville anymore   i already earased my account "
i dont wanna hear any shit from anybody for th next 6months!!!  no joke!!!  only cookies and lollypops
can somebody throw me a cookie?  i'm tired of bones 
i'm goin t have a funeral   everybody has to come   i'm going to cremate my old self   i'm aiming for tis to happen this weekend 
"i'm going t have a funeral   everybody, we need t find a time that everybody can be there   i'm thinkin at bout sundown   its going t b a cremation ceramony   thats right, i said there was gonna be fire there "
"did you know that number of people that die every year of breast cancer, that number or more die of seizures!  there is more fundin for breast cancer than there is for people with seizures   more funding for breast cancer alone, i'm not including funding for other types of cancer "
happy bomb day everybody!!!
time for a haircut!!!
sleepless   
i got a job!!!  i'm employed officially on monday!  hip-hip-horay!
"boy, its hot outside"
work is a workout for me    no joke 
monday is always th hardest
"i hate flakes, even frosted flakes   the only flakes i like are snow flakes   damn it!!! arent i a delicate little fuckin flower!"
it was a good day   rain refreshes th earth    smile 
its hot
went out last night    it was a blast
sunday catchup 
monday was hot   surprise surprise!
fear not i am finaly here darling
two snaps and a rewind   thanks for comin 
i need t sacrifice my truck t th truck god   it has sinned and forsaken me so i must cast it down into th horrible pit of a compactor 
i hate people that try t make others feel bad t make themselves feel better
a crick in your back is never fun and thats exactly what i have   fun times let me tell you 
i'm hot    who am i kidding   i'm always hot!  and after work i'm a dirty boy!  playful 
"hit my head and was silly the past two days, just now feelin normal whatever that is   believe me, head injuries are no joke!"
the week is over!!!  everybody clap and cheer
splash is this weekend!!!
it just amazes me how things seem to look up and go well then fall apart like dried shit
splash was a blast!!!
when is th koran burning again?
does being a muslim mean your a terrorist?  please tell me cause i'm so confused 
i think i found him   all i had t do is tell him i knew sex magic 
i love th rain!!!
where is mad anal rim job tonight?
i predict a cold halloween 
open bundle?
happy national coming out day!!!
"is gay and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because marriage is th bonding of two souls not two gender opposite bodies  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=160600&rsource=stream "
been biting into alot of shitty chocolate lately 
"children\ with special needs don't have an illness, so there is no cure and it's \not contagious  they want what we all want, to be accepted  most of you \probably won't copy and paste this  could you do it and leave it on \yourstatus for at least 1 hour? it's special education week!"
i tell ya whats on my mind     facebook needs t fix th damn glich!
happy new year!!!
i would get sick after a holiday   got a good job lead   everybody cross your fingers for me!   smile 
things seem t be lookin up
god i miss th music they played back in th day!!!
i guess i got th worm today 
happy thanksgiving!
i love the rain 
"i love th rain too, i just wish we had a turd floater on its way   i make no garantees"
i guess a picture is worth a thousand words
   
grinchy
i'm excited bout th soltsice!
got m starter for th truck!  every body clap!
somebody throw me a bone!
things are lookin up!
looks like dont ask dont tell got repealed   we're one step closer to peace oon earth and joy to th world   i think i'm gonna deck th halls with balls of    
its yule time!!!
"yea, i dont know what that is, i think i clicked on th wonrg thing"
happy new year!
wow!  what a snow fall!
i just need a big hug!
sometimes i feel like i need t shave my hair off     today was one of those days   who wants t see pics of me bald?
blah
"ya know, i find it interesting that no one else commented on my bald pics   i'm still digesting what that means "
its great to hear from old buddies from way back and catchup    smile 
i hate er visits
wish m luck on th interview
"on the way to my interview, i was behind a truck pulling a loaded trailer   something fell off the back and bounced underneath me truck breaking my drive shaft "
who has internet e playful lorer?  if anybody can assist me that would be great   i have afew pre-employment tests i need to do   i'm on a <propmale> that doesnt support e playful lorer      help <:-i
special full <propfemale> tonight!  its supposedly th closest its been in 18yrs 
just call me twitch
it wasn't an amazing day   it was magical!
"when you get to the bottom, well    you know the rest   ;-p"
"gonna go see my new friend the dentist   damn, wisdom teeth hurt when they hurt "
its april fools day   we'll see who the fool is when i pull out my bludgin stick      no stupid jokes better be pulled on me today    i'm ready!
