c7795c3adf939abc23205c8f24a1692c
is having an alright day so far   
this is me changing my status like you said   
"www conqueronline com, volcano server  free download and firewall  look for ~black_lotus~"
got internet back  havent been on since last month 
we got a new car
~black_lotus~!!!!!!! finally famous!
memento mori
momento mori
momento mori and i can't wait for mine
havin a rough day  sad 
everything is perfect
boring weekend
going to cinci on thursday
good times
feel like i can relax and not worry about anything cause i can't fail now
go blue!!!
feels like the weekend already
im so exhausted
no more heaviness!
pain in my chest is coming back   hurts to frickin breath again   miiight be in a bit of a bad mood if its not gone tomorrow morning
i'm happier than i've been in a very long time   all because of you  wink 
life feels easy right now    exams are gonna breeze by and it'll be the 25th before we know it  wink 
went out w  <propfemale> today   food wasn't the best but we still enjoyed it  smile 
"a question for anybody who wants to say somethin   if you could come up w  a great gang group name, what would it be?"
monday and tuesday   and thursday   are gonna easily be the best days this year  smile 
"okay, so i was listening to a new album   to a song called nightmare anatomy   and while i listened to this creepy rift my bro decided to stand in my doorway and watch me   he scared me so bad   i've never before jumped so high or screamed that loud    i'm glad i made his day though he's not gonna shut up about it"
"pretty good weekend, saturday was great  smile "
funny how march madness is the only time i'm actually interested in ncaa basketball
just went to target and found out a nice bit of info bout the thing i purchased
damn cards ain't workin!!!
"my god, everything about life is so much different   spring air, this uplifting emotion, the world around me feels so much different"
"nice, sleep and ogt week go hand in hand i could use a little more sleep w  the quick week"
"seriously, how did my weight drop more than 20 pounds?!?"
"interview went great, got my guitar, everythin's great"
i really don't wanna do the showcase presentation tomorrow d:
that showcase presentation sucked   but i get officially hired 2morrow  smile  i get to miss 1st and 2nd period for a physical so i sleep in  laugh 
what a great life this is
the weekend  last days of break   all spent working morning till late night  sad 
okay i got on again so hey smile  its not like im antisocial or something
i'm pretty bored   don't really have anything to do this summer
god it feels great to not work for a couple days
very rough week
"there's a time when there's 'too much' family guy, and that time is now"
theres nothin to do at 12:45 am   kinda what i e playful ected
dyed
why does everything i try to do seem so fuckin impossible?
"livings just not hard enough burn me alive inside, living my life's not hard enough take everything away"
i just love it when i actually need money and somehow my managers seem to know cuz they dramatically shorten my schedule
moos  moooooooooooooo 
"kept away from daylight\deprived from all the songs i loved\these walls may hold my body captive,\but my soul is attending every sunset\this is the hardest there was to walk,\but nothing i regret\our death would only be the thing they're praying for,\time won't force us to surrender,\their crippled freedom is not the one we're longing for"
"i said i'd never let you go, and i never did\i said i'd never let you fall and i always meant it\if you didn't have this <propmale> then i never did\you'll always find me right there, again"
"in many ways i'm the burden that devides us from the light\in many ways you're the halo that keeps my spirit alive"
no more spending money on things i dont need  only 1 more year 
"on the edge of a new age this is still our dogma\no grave for millions - tortured creatures,\but a common grave for our morals\this slaughter - an ethic i deny\an archaic way of thinking, so monstrous and absurd"
cutting friends cuz only like 6 of you even know me a little bit   tired of ppl fuckin assumin im things that im not
if u can read this u aint one of the 140+ ppl i cant stand   yet
people in general are so damn hard to trust
finally my managers know i need money lol im workin today   and my paychecks finally improved!!
"curse the day, hail the night\flower grown in the wild\in your empty heart\in the breast that feeds\flower worn in the dark"
im really bored
theres a little bettle tryin to get upright and is runnin on his back next 2 my keyboard lol bug fail
am i ever gonna be entertained again?
"in the parallels we struggle   struggle to upkeep, there is a better way for us to be set free \from all it is we crave, there must be more to life than to simply stay alive   to simply stay alive \\we are not the same as i hope to show  there is a better way if we just let go \we are not   we are not the same  we are not   we are not the same  let go    \\-parallels, as i lay dying, the powerless rise"
"eh, im ready for school yet relaxation sounds sooo good right now lol ill treasure the last two days of peace like they were the last days i lived"
wow get to see my friends all this year finally! can't wait to see u guys  smile 
suddenly theres a lot to do around here
"into battle we ride with gods by our side\we are strong and not afraid to die\we have an urge to kill and our lust for blood has to be fulfilled\we'll fight till the end! and send our enemies straight to hell!"
"<propfemale> katsoi maan reunalta tahtea putoavaa\nyt kanuiit kasvot neitosen peittaa karu maa\jokaisen taytyy katsoa silmiin totuuden\silla aika ompi voittoisa, mut' <propfemale> maa on ikuinen\\   k now anybody know any finnish cuz i kno what its generally about but idk exactly lol"
"the ground rumbles as we attack\in the throes of rage, we will fight\the lightning's flash, the thunder's roar\will petrify the weak\we'll show no mercy, we'll kill them all!\we are sworn in the name of steel"
if this comp ever breaks down im gonna make a bonfire out of it and do a chanty dance around it as it burns  then ill get a better less janky one
awesome im workin 11-11 next sunday
funny how a person can warp a situation to make them look good and make the victim look like the victimizer
"mother mercy, take my hand \follow me through this forsaken land \father time, return what's mine \the innocence you stole from these eyes \because i feel numb  for the vision burning before me is one of former glory \an icon cast in the light of freer times, now writhes in a bed of lies "
this was an awesome day
"k, got the alter game friday, paintballin saturday mornin, and x-fest sunday if a certain somebody can get his answer"
life is hilarious  in a good way
how old do i really look? seriously now
kinda wish i coulda gotten off work for x-fest
couple weeks left till go time
damn its wierd seeing messages i sent a year or more ago  didnt know they stayed on there  a little spine tingling to read though thank god they are gone
"vodka, wipes away your tears\vodka, removes your fears\vodka, everyone is gorgeous\vodka, yeah vodka   i dont live by this its just hilarious that these are actually lyrics"
"two things that always make me smile no matter what: vodka by korpiklaani, and <propfemale>  smile  no relation to the two of course"
"ahhhhh peace is so awesome   but my damn back still hurts  still, i get to relate quotes from my env  lit class with inside jokes <propfirst> and i have from across the room!!"
got my robinson jersey
too many chemicals lately
idk whats goin on tomorrow
forgive and let die
had an amazing time friday w  the guys
"today was easily   without a doubt, the best monday ever"
time is not made up of lines  it is made up of circles  this is why clocks are round!
i need to go on this canoe trip
wtf! this is already becoming a terrible weekend! why the hell is everybody being stupid?
i really wish i could fix my flaws
gonna be an exciting week
out of all the rough things goin on tomorrow   one really exciting thing comes to mind  smile 
the michigan wolverines will take back the state that is rightfully theirs  msu has had their time! go blue!!! crush the green!!!
eh 
feelin muuch better  smile 
am i really all that much whipped?
"guy came into bobs covered in    ganja tats and a ponytail and nose ring   and three weeks before that an actual pimp   cane, purple suit, and hooker included! i guess everybody needs farmy old people food"
feelin a little sick   but hey only 2 periods tomorrow!
wtf!! when can i just stop caring? all this shit at one time is driving me fricken nuts!
started <propfemale> today
why can't i live in a fjord
wow i am so screwed
i am not comfortable with the way people try to comfort me
such a dull and mindless weekend   just to do it again next week
its been a pretty good week so far
everthing starts to pick up at least a little bit now
ill try to fill the cat request from my friends when i can just give me time
i love it when i win no matter what
a good monday? this is truely rare and should be written down   but some bastard broke my shovel! i will make them pay for it   with money
"tenacity is something i've never really had, but i guess through a time-tested relationship and an inward pull at what's right, potentially dangerous situations can be resolved in   an hour and a half"
can't wait till thanksgiving break
i've never felt more worried about a college football game as i do for this saturday   wisconsin is scary good and our defense is pretty damn inconsistent   only way we could possibly win is another high scoring game   or a good old fashioned upset  but more likely a really high scoring game
the one saturday i get off work   and everything that has occured has gone wrong
there's so much to be happy about
kinde (beardy one) is gonna take a trek with me to <propmale> for an ensiferum finntroll barren earth rotten sound concert in february!if i miss this i'll prbly never have another <propmale> to see them again before they all run back to finland never to be seen again on american soil  sad 
i'm seeing pokemon everywhere
r i p <propmale> <propfemale>
ugh long week   only one more to go   
"had a great time with <propfemale>, her family, and her   'special' dogs  smile  maxx's birthday party's tomorrow, and i am so excited for that ensiferum concert in <propmale>! only two more months!"
"the party was awesome   some hilarious, stupid stunts   and some of the best madden i've ever played "
im so glad i dont work christmas <propfemale> and christmas   im too damn tired to be there now  i was fallin asleep at the podium today and with me runnin around it was awful
"hope everybody had a <propfemale> christmas  my regards to <propfemale> who's stuck with the worst group of people possible for christmas: a rapist, a whore, a guy with an std, and political uncles in cinci  smile  glad i could make it as good a time i possibly could in that situation for you"
attention! my general manager at <propmale> evans far hills wants me to find a friend of mine so she can give said person a job  if ur interested and want a weekend morning job bussing tables  comment if ur interested and i'll get it worked out 
new year's gonna be great  and btw gratz iowa on upsetting the #12 team in the nation! great start to the big ten bowl run  good luck to illinois who plays baylor 2night
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha lions beat the vikings! welcome to suck world vikes! and finally! goodbye to favre!
this is the longest week ever
whyd they have to change up the exam score thingy while we're seniors? why not next year? oh well at least we only have 1 semester worth of exams!
elder scrolls v: skyrim comes out on 11 11 11  this game looks kick-ass
i will work hard at work   but i just can't work hard on the other things  im too exhausted from working 
party was great  wierd conversation kept us from doing anything  if <propmale> wouldve kept talking we'd prbly still be talkin about it 
"ooooh god i suddenly feel terrible   stomach and chills  damn dew, chips, pizza and sleep deprivation!"
yes! the packers won! now the jets just have to beat the steelers
i hope the packers steamroll the steelers   but i feel like it'll be a good one
finally!!! my bad luck with concerts ends!! the ensiferum finntroll barren earth rotten sound concert in <propmale> is on president's day monday! no school!
thanks to <propfemale> i killed that fuckin virus and got internet back!!
best day ever!
"thanks, god  you've saved us from an annoying, drunken wave of big-headed, loud-mouthed steelers fans  let's all be glad that the team in wisconsin won "
today seemed to stretch on forever at school now its flyin by   school is making me live longer i guess
