3ec9207505575ab3c8b20017e853feb9
i really have no idea how to work this facebook thing 
i cant have a fishy it would die  sad  but i want one 
oh dear lord people! my life is insane right now ha
today is going to be a hard day i can tell already geez
i hate hate hate being angry but i dont know what else to do i tried talking to him about but it wasnt happening 
yay feeling better!
the best thing just happened to me right now! i saw my little brother that i have never seen since he was born and i saw my beautiful little sisters that i havn't seen in forever! i am so happy!
ready to go to work! wooo lol
freaking out a little bit
happy 4th everyone! i hope everyone has a great day today!
facebook confuses my life!
i am so very excited! despicable me tonight! hell yeah! wooo go me!
my love is coming home home tomorrow i am so happy right now! i love him soooo much!
butter people! thats all i have to say!
i am sitting with my love yay me! hehe
 crying  thats all
bruises bruises and more bruises tonight was not a great one!
"<propfirst> lohan gets her name and face all over the news because she went from jail to rehab  <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst> <propmale>, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst>    goeke, 23, and <propmale> tate,    27,  are all marines       that gave their lives this week! honor them by reposting this "
woo whoo! my phone was shipped today i can't wait to get it!
i got got gotta get ready for work now lol!
my phone should be here today! i am sooooo happy about it!
i cant wait for my car to be all fixed up!! yay!
im very excited nervous to start college! oh my gosh!
i am very disappointed with some of my friends choices lately i hope they find the decency to apologize for what they have done 
i saw a comment on here about icp fans i happen to be an icp fan and i don't start crap with people  you guys are judging all juggalos by the way that some act and i think that is very ignorant  you wouldn't base what some people in a certian race do on everyone in that race would you?
need to figure out things for my car but its not working out so well 
"4years: mom knows everything! 8 years: mom knows a lot! 12 years: mom reallydoesn't know everything! 14 years: mom knows nothing! 16 years: mom,what mom!18years: mom is outdated! 25 years: maybe mom knows! 35 years:beforedeciding let's ask mom! 45: i wonder what mom thinks!    75      years:i   wish mom was here to ask her! post this in your wall if you have the best mom in the world"
except im 18 and i know my mom know a lot more then i do 
let me ask you one simple question  was it worth it in the end?
i have removed a stressful person from my life and am feeling relieved!
"<propmale> made me coffee and before i sang him a song about him making me coffee it was beautiful and he loved it it went a little like this \reys gonna get up and hes gonna make me coffee because he loves me and i love him and he promised to make me coffee forever and ever and now i get my coffee\"" and yes yes i did lol thanks babe love you so much!"""
i am fixing my car (again) today! but i am very excited because a family member of mine showed me a reall cool website that i found lap tops on for school and they are only 300 dollars!
they are calling about my car today a little nervous about much this is going to cost   rut roh
i am not really single lol i got to break up with reys old profile to get with his new profile! dont worry anyone 
my first day in college is today! oh geez a little nervous but things should go well 
i am currently on my new laptop! i am so excited about it! its awesome and it will really help me out with school!
i like it on the floor!
college is going great! lots of homework but it will be worth it in the end yay!
lots of homework to do i better get going lol
school is going well people i got a 92% on my math test and a 93% on my english quiz yay!
very very tired today yuck
today was hard day  i am sick  sad 
i am feeling much better today!! yay i can go back to school and work tomorrow!
i am trying to decide if i should change my hair color back to the color in my profile picture hmmmm???
woo who i have deleted drama go me!
hello facebook world i feel like i havn't seen your beautiful face in so long  i have missed you  how are you doing?
sooo tired very happy i don't have any of my classes tomorrow yay me! thank you to everyone who helped us move you guys are awesome!
passed all of my classes very happy but i could have done better i am going to be working much harder next quarter!
i leave today oh my gosh so excited nervous!
i want to go back blonde people lol i am home now
"i'm the luckiest girl in the world because i love him and he loves me, that's all we need  smile "
my mother is about to post something absolutely mortifying i would caution anyone who wants to keep their innocence to stay away from the video and cover your eyes if anyone around you is planning on watching it!!!!!
<propfemale>
i got my kitten today!!!! she is so cute  smile  i named her rainy i love her already!!!
wish me luck people! i am going to take my written part for my drivers test!
hey you! over there ----> yes you! i just wanted to tell you to smile! it looks good on you!
i have decided i am done with stupid people lol and they will not get me down  smile 
sooo tired lol!
totally stoked!!!!
i love coffee! how is everyone today?
whoah can you say long day lol at work from 8am till almost 8pm it was pretty awesome though!
