f7b3afe0043260bfc833be2e13c7df0f
h
"i quite my job tonight  i have become so tired of this rat race i am in  all i want is to raisew my children  yet, i do understand that i need a job to take care of the financial side  confusion is my companion tonight people "
today is a new day and i am happy  it has been a long time coming 
"i have been blessed in more ways than one  \look at the blessings you do have because it is more than you could ever know \"""""
no more avatars or cartoon pictures  lol
i am so blessed!!
just filled out my census information and placed it in the mailbox  please fill out yours and mail it back in asap  be counted! this will insure future government funding for all our communities 
"i have come to realize that i set an example for my people here in <propmale>  family is very important to me   when i come back home almost 4 years ago it was <propfemale> clear that i had become a <propfemale>  i had no choice in the matter because i am the eldest  what hurts the most is that my mother can longer stand to be <propfemale>  needless to say, i stand, i rise and i am free to be me  a black native american <propfemale> "
with change comes pain and with pain comes growth  we are all growing right now  lol damn it hurts!
"family means, \nobody gets left behind or forgotten\""  now how many has been left behind and or forgotten? look at the whole picture and not just what we want to see """
"hello everyone, been off line now for almost a month  back up and running  i am answering all messages and emails  to all my sisters love you and please forgive, struggling on this end  seriously!!! congrats to <propfemale> on her graduation!!"
understanding is the key to unlock the door of wisdom  thank you jesus
"being a blessed woman is more than have material things, it is having a deep connection to god and to nature  having favor with god is not asking him for something and he gives it, it is the uncontional love that you feel in your soul  knowing that god is looking down on you and he has made the sunshine because he loves you  understanding is the key and wisdom is the door  i have just walked through the threshold    "
"now i understand why my sister was so pissed  there is a right and a wrong way to do anything in life  by choosing the wrong way you are creating something very evil  freedom of speech is something our forefathers fought and died for  true somethings should not be said, however if they were not said we would not live in this country called <propfemale> and we would not have the constitution "
"looking at life through spiritual eyes gives wisdom, being humbled in the soul is a blessing that is given in do season  understanding comes when you truly let go and let god  compassion comes from deep within the human soul, it is authentic and genuine  be genuine, be authentic, be compassionate, have humility,so you can be blessed!!!"
"speak to my heart lord, give me your holy word, if i just hear from you, then i know what to do  i won't go alone, i will never go on my own  ~donnie mcclurkin     i love this gospel song  the words are up lifting and it truly lets you know that god is on the move "
one of my bestfriends (have 2) will be moving to chicago tomorrow  i miss her already!! love you <propfemale>!!!!
"omg!!! i am ready to cut my hair  it is hard to keep up with sometimes  i look forward to the day when i can go to the salon (like every week if need be, ya feel me)!!! lol"
"back in my late teens-early twenties i was an exotic dancer  i lived a life of glamour, money, and pornography  i am not glorifing this life because it came with a price, a high one  i should have died in this world but it was god how showed me mercy because he saw the woman i would become  now i am a devoted mother and a saved woman  life molds you into the person you will become  live life and learn!!!"
"after reading my last status, your looking at me crazy, right? well, i look at it like this  i have lived my life, some parts were good and some bad  i have no regrets because regreting just mean you have learned nothing and <propfemale> be to god, i have learned  when you learn lifes lessons you will be rewarded and the reward is a gold ring of wisdom  i got my ring, you got yours "
"even though in the picture that you see of smooshie, she is not me   lol even though it states that i am tagged in it  there is another picture of me  too all my friends on fb i am not pregnant   lol"
"i am watching a wonderful movie on lifetime, it is starring <propfemale> <propfirst>, she is a wonderful singing and an equally wonderful actress  catch \sins of the mother\"" excellent movie  excellent!!"""
good morning sunshine!!
i am so thankful that bp is giving up 20 billion dollars to the people and businesses in the gulf  bp has stated that if more funds are needed they will give it  i am equally worried about the wildlife in the gulf  gases are seeping into the water and this will create a dead zone  what is bp going to do about the eco-system?
"to all my facebook friends   please if you can, take time to read my notes  i would love to know your feedback  please be honest about your thoughts as well as your feelings  i am in the process of writing a book and would really love to hear what you think about certain topics  thanks!!"
to all my fb family that stand and be the man to and for their children  this shot out also goes to all the women with bigger balls than their baby daddy!!  happy father's day!!!
"i've been thinking about my father for the past week or so  even though we've had our ups and downs, i forgive him however forgetting about it is the hard part and guess that will come in time  bottom line he is still my father  happy father's day <propmale> jones ~aka~ daddy  \with so much pain brings healing beyond understanding\"""""
"life has a way of showing you whats what and who's who!  if you could see my face right now, i am smiling from ear to ear   thank you jesus!!!"
"what's considered a \golddigger\""????? lol"""
"let me rephrase the question, what classifies a woman as a golddigger? i was told that it is a woman that dates a guy because he has money  is this correct?"
"omg  my 6 years olds permenant teeth are coming in crooked, he will need braces  mo money! mo money! mo money! he gets that sh**t from his father side of the family "
"my 2 year old decided to launch a plastic baseball bat through his bedroom window this morning, thank god no one was cut  the bat was stuck in the window like a missile  mo money! mo money! mo money!"
god is moving mountains for me and my son's!!! all i can say over and over again is   thank you jesus
mf are pissed at me because i decided to speak my mind  f**k all that talk their sh*t behind my back but don't have the balls to do it to my face  to all my sisters on fb love you and stand strong  to <propfemale> b (<propfemale>) congrads on your move  this shows your maturity and tell those cornball haters to kick rocks with no shoes  it's time for me to start healing (my mind) 
"read and understand what our ancestors struggled and died for  understand and remember how our great nation was founded  once you have understood all that is written, then with your spiritual eyes you will see were we (you) are going "
"i miss you <propfirst> j <propmale>!!!! \you rock my world\"" and my life!!! check out the website on my <propfemale>!"""
at the age of 33 i am finally taking the steps to heal my mind and my heart  it is amazing because i am seeing who is my friend and who is truly my family   wow! i love therapy!!!
"happy 4th of july!!!! all my fb family and friends, you know who you are! and too everyone else god bless, peace!"
"my feet are itching again  it is time to move, where? i have a dream of moving me and  my little family to montana  my native american blood is calling me home  i no longer want to fit in or belong  you know what fb fam, i wish i was a full blood (native american) and not a half-breed  damn i like therapy!!!"
"i filled out section 8 papers for kalispell, montana yesterday  my heart is so excited because this town is in the heart of the blackfeet reservation  my grandmother is from here  i'm aching now because i have to wait for the paper work to go through  i am ready to get the fuck out this nasty, ignorant, superficial and mattress back ass city  i'm not trying to be mean or anything, i just hate it here "
oki-ni-kso-ko-wa
"evertime i turn around i am being blessed  i am learning a new way of living and a new way of thinking  wow, all i am need now is for my money to flow like water (coming) and my section 8 in montana to go through (coming too)  <propfemale>, things are getting better!!!!"
"how small this world is, wow! god is good!"
"today was a day of reflection  i like days like this, it always opens my mind to new possibilities and helps me to look past the horizon "
"i awoke this morning at 4am, so i got up and made me a pot of coffee, picked up my bible and prayed   i saw the sun rise!"
"here i go again fb fam dropping bombs on yo head! stirring emotions in your souls and even changing hearts along the way  \comprehension is the key to unlock the door of wisdom \"" (fortune cookie)"""
"i am exhausted, i've been up sense 4am and i had therapy today  it is amazing how the mind can hold so much yet produce so little  i've been holding on to a lot of pain and today i released some of it  wwooww i feel so light  amazing"
"my mind is still clicking from therapy yesterday, its difficult to write when i'm this way  all i want to do is release these words  i'm destine to make millions if i do! being this way is like trying to squeeze water from a dry spondge "
"slowly the waters of my thoughts are being absorbed my the spondge of my mind  thanks <propfirst> for those thought provoking reads, needed that!"
"he is hot as hell here and my 3 year old is crying for some paper, my 6 year old is eating all the food in the house  their only 3 and 6, what in the hell am i going to do when they get 13 and 16? !!shaking my head right now!!"
"thought it was going to rain, no such luck"
"good morning fb fam, its another hot one in the 216  those storms last night was welcomed  i slept like a baby "
"we can sit all day long and tell a woman that loves a man (whether he is good or bad) to leave him  it is not for us to tell her what to do because in the end she is going to do what she wants  as women we must give understanding because we all have been in her shoes  the question is, \did you learn anything when you was there or are you still dum as fuck?\""\",f7b3afe0043260bfc833be2e13c7df0f,"i thank god everyday! i am a survivor and it is because of god i am here  i sit back and read some of the statuses on fb and i wonder what have they learned in their lives? or better yet, are they learning anything in their lives? it is mind boggling, how many are stuck on stupid, looking for dum and searching for crazy "
"please read carefully what i write!! to my cuz <propmale>, nigga you need to get it together  i am not angry nor am i hurt  just a little curious!!! ruffling feathers i see  i have a right to speak and write what i feel  everyone else does! so please don't get upset because i feel if your upset then it is you that i am talking about "
"good sunday morning fb fam  i just re-read all of my statuses from yesterday and i must confess, i am a controvercial person  i have always thought outside the box and i have always ruffled feathers  the only difference between now and then  then, i would hide after i spoke my piece, afraid  now, when i speak i stand strong behind what i believe, i am no longer afraid "
"today was an eye opening, soul shaking day  there is peace inside, <propfemale> be to god there is peace inside  so on that note, lets keep moving forward!!!"
"it is time for me to purging my friends list again  i need genuine people in my world  fake mf produce to many head games for me  i am already healing from a lifetime of head games from my own kin  i can't change my kin but i can change my friends   if you are deleted, you will be blocked!"
"it is done!!!! i have successfully deleted all the head gamers  if i missed anyone, i garontee i will weed you out  all that is left are family and friends that give me peace of mind and know that i love you "
it is amazing how much you miss out on when you have a bunch of trash in the way  i'm glad i took out the trash this morning!
my 3 year old is always up with the sun rise!
today is another day of e playful loration of my mind  what an adventure!!!
"the day is coming to a close and i must say, the devil was busy today but jesus had other plans and the devil was defeated!!  thank god for jesus!!!"
"i don't feel good today, i really need a hug and a bottle of merlot with good conversation  maybe not the merlot  lol but the hug and conversation show do sound nice right about now!!!"
i feel alot better today 
my cousin <propfemale> has passed her ogt exams  we was worried when she failed them this past april but she retook them and passed with flying colors  keep moving forward <propfemale>!!! i am so proud of you and i love you so much  check out her beautiful prom pictures on my <propfemale>  she has grown into a smart and resourceful young woman!!!!
"bright as the morning sun i rise! \i rise!"
"freedom, from all the ties that bind  \freedom, from all the curses of old  \freedom, from all the heart aches and heart breaks  \freedom, from all the nasty comments  \freedom, from all the lies that were told  \freedom, from the chains of oppression  \freedom, freedom, freedom!"
"other day here in <propmale>  i look forward to moving to the big sky state  i'm in a fight right now and i have the victory! my name is girlisha, not <propfemale> "
"this picture is in montana  <propfemale> be to god, i can wake up to this sene every morning and watch the sun set between these mountains every evening  watching my son's grow up in and with nature  free!!"
this is fort peck lake in montana 
"god is good and he makes ways out of no ways for the ones that trust him  trust him my fb fam!!\love ya  smile "
telling the truth shames the devil  it is time for the truth to be told  everything that glitter is not gold 
"i am very thankful with the way my life is going  i have bloomed in adversity and i have discovered that i'm a beautiful flower  <propfemale> be to god, it can only get better  smile "
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  i have been off-line for over a month  i was in an accident  i am ok but my left hip and my lower back will never be the same  i love and miss all of you    smile 
a woman of true beauty can take a picture and it does her no justice   ~gdh fortune cookie~
"how often do we purchase stock in the wrong people, places and things; and in the end it is our stocks that crashes not theirs!  ~gdh fortune cookie~"
happy thanksgiving facebook family!!
"good morning sunshine and happiness, good-bye long night of confusion "
it's beginning to look a lot like christmas!   smile 
"it's cold as hell outside and my hips and back are throbbing, damn i hate walking with a cane   sad "
i am just to blessed to be stressed  i have let go of all the pain that has held me down and i have distant myself from individuals that are not of un-conditional love  real (healthy) love have no conditions or strings!!!!
"with the new year coming in i must admit that i am excited  this coming year is my time  i look forward to my move to montana, my life is sssooo blessed!!! joy has become my companion"
"whats up everyone  i'm holding it down and the boys are wonderful  looking forward to our move this summer  wow, it is almost here "
"i am posting this for all who need the encouragement and hope,\i am valuable \i am loved \god has a great plan for my life \i have favor where ever i go \god's blessings are chasing me down and over taking me \everything i touch prospers and succeeds \i am excited about my future \believe and it shall be!!!"
"i am looking forward to my first real native american indian days in montana during the summer  i am almost there, yall  almost there!!!    smile "
