208ca9b26a4520f0af9d35076acfbb74
loves dah old school songs! yay wonderwall!
choo choo katchu tomarrow i see the big blue!  playful 
freakin loves in and out burger! i'mma go get me a burger!
i just about 2 birth a fool!!!
hey late thanks 2 everyone who wished me a happy birthday you guys are great  laugh 
word
i got up early! 8o
heeelllllllllllllloooo hellllllllllllllllowww hellow!
man snow again! grrrrrrrr! > annoyed 
i can't stop listen 2 <propfemale> <propfirst> today 
sick of being talk through not to today 
will try not to confuse anyone with his status this time haha
talent night was intense <propfirst> u rock dude!
phone gonna be out for lil so i guess talk 2 me through here facebook if u want 2 get ahold of me
brains all cluttered 
greatest concert ever! snunk past security at paramore and met <propfemale>! she was very impressed! <propfemale> and me are such badasses!
is all paranoid right now
lol is done taking lortab begining 2 like it 2 much bahaha
is ready 2 have a sexy weekend!
by the way i tried to say i'd be there
birth!
way wants 2 see kick ass again
robot fish confuse me  how's that work?
"needs 2 start living like i\m dying and writing more lyrics again"""
decided i love garbage cans!
has had and amazing night  i haven't felt this awesome in a long time!
<propfemale> is just amazing!!    
 wink 
i got in trouble for breaking into the zoo and freeing all the kangaroos!
good burger
doesn't wanna fall asleep only 2 find out i'm gonna be blended into bits!
knee grow! that man is a knee grow!
ninja'd my way outta of a house this morning ;p
had the best food ever!
wants 2 chew on something silver    :v
word up!
is grateful that he is not allergic 2 the pants i'm currently wearing cause that would be striaght up uncomfortable
crakers    
"i've got a sick obsession, i'm seeing it in my dreams "
"i've never felt more alive, i never felt more dead     all of this because something i read  hundreds of things left unsaid   "
"following my heart, likes going with the flow instead of against it   smile "
i've been waiting for tomarrows all my life
and she's brown!  wink   love 
needs 2 get things together   
bahaha wow fail oops
wishes the days didn't go by so fast  i've been enjoying every minute of them lately
it's gonna be freakin crazy hard   
about 2 go bussi on your ness
word up!
super super happy i'm not dead  i crashed into a semi this morning i thought i was done for   sad  <propfemale> i love you babe thanks for everything!
sitting waiting wishing   
wow what a relief    i didn't realize how easily my world could come crashing down  everythings great though 
wants 2 listen 2 some msi
i love <propfemale> she is awesome
amaza-zing!!! <propmale>
yay!!! i finally have my own apartment! contact me if u wanna know where i live
r i p  my lil <propmale>   
ladidadidadi
"never give up, never hold your head down "
are u part of the problem or the solution?
<propfirst> this is <propfemale> babe     is your love my drug
this is going to be a fun week       h
yay i can my shots and physical crap done!
last day of school tomarrow! intense haha
i seriously have the most amazing girl ever!  smile )
yay my externship is fun!
sweet i found some old school mortal kombat for my sega!
i've gone for tol long living like i'm not alive  so i'm gonna start over tonight begining with you and i  -paramore
ludo was a party!  playful 
i got the job as a medical assistant!!! all that hard work payed off!  smile 
i love my new job!
i love my girl! period!
i'm excited metroid is so awesome!
i was glad my fiance loved the toilet paper  wink 
dang i'm excited i'm getting married!
sweet i get payed on holidays! score!
love ya <propfemale>! haha that is all 
hey i'll play the numberz game to  message me a number 1 through 9999 and i'll tell ya what i think about cha and what not
#4989 school was way past awesome with you! you always help with my girl trouble haha  im glad you found a nice guy u that treats you better
777# i'm jealous of you dude  next time you do something crazy like go swimming in a dress hit up! lol i still give you <propmale> props for that
10# dude your a smart guy  u always say things i agree 2 but honestly i didn't understand what u said  haha we need 2 jam sometime
#77 yeah man you should come 2 my apartment sometime 2 chill  i have a lot of respect for you  your always cheerful and positive
3462#i really miss chilling with you all the time way bad  you were always there 2 listen and i know your still an awesome friend hangsoon?
4# your awesome i still have the picture you made me <propmale> up in my room! u made my shoe break up with me though    its ok i'm over it haha
17#i feel bad about how things went down  i would of told ya in person if i had the <propmale>  your a beautiful person though i had fun hanging
yay work! haha
717# your way awesome  i never see you anymore but i'm going back 2 studio regularly pretty soon so yeah  miss you and your pipes!
lol good advice!
my work party was completely bomb! i was suprised
family force 5 today!!!
sweet i just one free tickets 2 ff5 tonight! so i got 2 extra tickets!
my awesome soon to be brother in law is awesome
moy's a homosexual!
moy's a homosexual
moy forgot 2 mention that guy was himself
"i am white, male, straight, engaged  my fiance is mexican  i like sonic the hedgehog  i don't drink or smoke  i believe in god  i forgot 2 eat breakfast today  i am wearing green with gold shoes"
my butt is so frozen from sledding baha
sweet it's all official and what not! invitations are on the way and it's set for the 29th! if you wanna come send me your deets  oh and we'ze be registered at target!
happy birthday sweetheart i love you! i'll make your birthday awesome  smile 
i'm just grateful for everything  god bless  happy birthday babe
oh snap one week pending! i'm excited
awesome bp haha and i don't mean blood pressure!
yay! ice cream
pokemon apoke'lypes on youtube baha check it out!
yay lenkas coming!
i know this is way late but thank you all so very very much for the awesome birthday wishes! lol i have internet at my apt now i can reply on here haha
