f6df0a262e629682c3919dbbd8dcbcfd
i've got some business to attend to today  i'm gonna be one busy lady!!!
watching food network  some the new shows are kind of silly   
"just got home from my son's football game  they lost by 1 touchdown, but they played great!!!"
watching <propfemale> and her friend watch a scary movie  funny stuff! it just ended and she said it is time to watch disney!
somebody needs to spike the water in east texas  i really want to be an aunt!!!
i got the yummiest welcome package from american crafts today! i can't wait to get that stuff in the store!!!
watching arkansas beat s carolina    not by choice though  i think i'm gonna go upstairs to scrap!!
getting ready to take <propmale> to an end of season party for the wrangler football team  it's time to wrap up all things football and focus on bball now 
all is good in my world  i'm not losing any sleep tonight 
i'm not really understanding the point of the pokes   
i really don't want to be in arkansas right now!
it can be very frustrating and hurtful with people jump to conclusions!
just learned to make a kick booty pomgranate martini   oh boy!
"i have so much to do, i can't seem to organize my thought into something i can work with  so what do i do? go to fb  geesh   i think i need coffee!"
about to kick back with a martini and watch movies with the family 
"times, they are a changin'   "
hopes <propmale> picks vienna and sends <propfemale> mouse home!!
i finally let my 15 yo son get a fb account and i'm freaking out a little  am i over protective or what? actually i have been a little mental lately anyway  somebody come save me!
pondering life  i love how some things never change!
missing east texas soooo much right now!
is finding it difficult to get and at 'em this morning  it's gonna be a good day though!
ok people   would you please quit voting for <propfemale>??? she can't freaking dance!!!!
im gonna win the lottory tonight  y'all wait 'n see!  smile 
"he's telling us this and he's tell us that, says it doesn't matter    "
why do i always have a typo?
i gotta learn to stay off of facebook when i have a show recorded 
"i think i have the most compassionate son in the world  he may have a big ego, but his heart is gigantic!  smile "
"i won, i won! $5! see, i told ya  <propfemale> your nickle is in the mail   playful "
"laundry, done  early dinner tonight then off to watch a naturals baseball game with the girls  gonna be a great night   smile "
woo hoo!! arkansas naturals beat the travelers! way to go boys!!!
"rain, rain go away! (but hey, thanks for watering the lawn)"
"\ oh my poor westley! what have i done?\"""""
is having way too much fun watching <propfemale> and <propmale> play just dance on the wii! great stuff!
has a killer freaking headache that just will not go away! uggghh!
i made a really awesome pot of chicken and dumplings tonight! not at all like the gunk i made for aunt <propfemale> and uncle <propmale>  why is it i always make crap when i cook for other people?
well i'll be damned    we had an earthquake today  2 5 first ever for <propmale> county arkansas  the big one may be closer than we think   
"there are children who read my posts so i am  gonna be nice, but i am wondering    how many times does a person have to defend themselves, or how many people does a person have to threaten (pubically, i might add) before that person realizes they are the real problem? when you stop callenging the world around you, life gets so much easier  let go of all that hate and anger and let love in!"
i just added a new playlist of some of my faves right now  mostly older stuff  i'm not really digging much of the new stuff lately 
is wondering how my folks in texas are doing the day after the party  i love you guys!
schwoo    cole is home from his fca retreat   now i can breath again
happy mother's day to my beautiful mommy!! happy birthday to my step-dad! i love you both!!!
why o why can't i go to sleep?! ugh!
ouchie   
"how many folks do you know that have been invited to <propfemale> on the tour bus and then just eat pizza (and drink water) and watch the food network? yea, i may be the first   laugh "
is thinking auto correct is playing games with her 
"finally got my crawfish boil last night, but i had to say goodbuy to a couple of really great friends  i love you <propfemale> and <propfemale>  best of luck with your new adventures! can't wait for christams in july!!"
it is so quiet in the house this morning  beautiful!
is no where near ready to go to bed 
dum ditty dum ditty dum dum dum    
bonefish + great friends = wonderful evening! thank you girls for a great time last night  i had so much fun!
"you know you are a scrapper when you force your son to take a camera with him on the last day of school  i hope i get some good pics to work with  \)"""
"first day of the summer at home with the kids all day   running in and out   needing this and that   yelling my name   fighting  ***sigh*** i can do this  \)"""
the roast that has been cooking all day smells soooo good  i'm getting very hungry!
"thanks guys! ya'll are amazing and i love you all! \i was surprised with breakfast in bed  i have a couple of things to finish up this morning, then i am off to pick blueberries! and the rest of the day i'm slummin' it  i'm a lucky girl!"
thanks to everyone for all the wonderful b-day wishes yesterday  it was a great day!
hates when you get up in the morning and the house still smells like last nights dinner 
i've got something good a brewin'   
"at the moment, kind of bored i am "
"i wanta, really really really wanta zig a zig ah!"
i want s'more!!!
"just made what i am certain to be an amazing new friend! too bad we live so far apart, cause i'm thinking maybe we could tear this town up!"
all i wanna do is zooma zoom zoom zoom and a boom boom!
"had a large time this past week  very well worth the loss of sleep, sore muscles, a few ine playful licable bruises and this insane neck pain    but waking up in my own bed, walking outside at 10 am to 73 degrees and actually being able to get on the internet with lightening fast speed     splendid!"
i'm swearing off sodas  that means i need to find a new alcoholic beverage or drink the bourbon straight  i don't think i'm ready to do that  any suggestions?
y am i up at 5am with a bunch of crazy crap on my mind? *sigh* ima turn on some ragweed and waller    
"dear facebook: cyber poking makes no sense and only serves to get on my nerves  \dear everyone else: if someone out there wants my attention, i don't care how stupid you sound    speak!"
day two of no soda has gone great! it is easier than i e playful ected it to be  prolly cause i am so much more determined than i have been in the past  so now i'm about to try a little something with alcohol in it  i think i'm going with vodka tonight   
"inbox\me and tell me something you have always wanted to say to me & i'll\keep it between us!!!! post this as your status and see what you get   "
"no cravings for soda, but dude i could sho use some oreo's n milk!"
uggh! i feel like a crazed cat on red bull juggling hot potatoes while riding a unicycle across the atlantic 
question: i wonder if one knows how unintelligent one seems when one utters the word 'supposebly'? seriously folks   supposedly  it really isn't hard 
"i think we all should be able to have exactly what we want, when we want it  dang it! frustration abounds!!!"
"gonna pack a picnic lunch, load up the jet ski and head to\the lake! whoop!"
"spent the day on the jet ski and gotta bit of a sunburn  i swear, spf 100 won't protect this white girl!! anywho    now we r off to the <propfirst> <propfirst> concert at <propfirst>'s  i'm afraid a sunburn and a crowded concert r not a good mix "
"so    do you get on a boat, or in a boat?"
"crap! this sunburn feels like it is getting worse  could someone please follow me around with a spritzer? spritz, blow, repeat       "
my momma cracks me up!!!
"that's right that's what i said \\that's the best thought i ever had \\so what do you say?\\we've got nothing to lose     "
"i'm thinking, i wish i could wiggle my nose and dinner would be on the table  where is <propfemale> when you need her?"
"i finally saw valkyrie  it's a great movie  i \highly recommend it  the only problem i have with it is i'm thinking \liam neeson would have made a better <propmale> stauffenberg "
i had such an amazing week reconnecting with old friends and making new ones  my heart is full of joy and my cup runneth over!
it feels really great to know what you want  but getting it is a whole other story 
no bullsh*t here! not even one miniscule drop 
"baiting a hook is not the most fun thing in the world, but watching my grandfather catch what he believes is his first fish in 20 years is so worth it!"
woohoo rain!!!!
"when you truly love another person, shouldn't it be unconditional? if it weren't, very few of us would be loved  what a sad world that would be  trust that when i let you into my heart, it is unconditional and i hope for the same love in return  that is the very least we all deserve "
