01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6
a high of 18?  that's chilly 
"bubble, bubble, toil and trouble     i am attempting to brew up a garlic cayenne soap concoction to spray on the garden and the front flower bed   -- in addition to the ongoing battle over the strawberries, last night something ate my beautiful potted pet"
the smelly concoction didn't work   more petunias mowed off today   potting soil all over   haven't checked the berries   drat   (i'll get those guys yet    )
"i was trying to represent being pregnant on my new profile picture   they didn't have a maternity body to choose, but i picked the baggy top and wrote \#3\"" on the belly   and the banana   (why not?)"""
"is not a big fan of the watermelon, but my husband bought one that is so good -- that happens once in a great while "
"passing this on from me matey <propfirst> galante    step1: go to the bottom of your facebook <propfemale>  step2: click on english (us)'' step3: when all the different languages appear,click on english (pirate) too funny!! arrrgh!"
it just sucks to be pregnant   it's so hard on the body   no one would ever do this if it weren't such a wonderful and magical e playful erience 
"tired tired tired, and getting through another day "
happy 4th!  we're off to oh    
back home -- back to regular (sleepy) life 
<propfirst> is acting like a three-year-old today -- it's rough on both of us 
"another slow day on facebook? no, it's just their feed algorithm is broken   only one new post in 24 hours!  the last three items to appear on my home <propfemale> are tue at 12:54pm (<propfemale>'s photo album), yesterday at 7:26am (<propmale>'s toilet photo), and 11 hours a"
has gotten fired up about genealogy again   uh oh 
"our annual bbq and thomas-bday bash:  the tent is rented, we have tables, chairs, and the helium tank reserved   balloons and most decorations purchased   now it's time to think harder about food prep     "
"today: breakfast, pilates, a couple errands, clean out and defrost deep freezer, and sweep garage   (i always start out with big intentions but <propfirst> out after the first couple things )"
"ahh, a new day     i am going to try again     my hips feel twice as good (or half as bad) "
"all excited about doing the beets tonight, i just went out to get my beets     they are all eaten up, dozens and dozens, presumably by the same rodents that ate all my strawberries last month   this time i'm actually (and embarrassingly) in tears    frowny "
is making garden tea for the first time this year!  the house smells great 
nice quiet morning and baby appt this afternoon   
"we waited and waited and waited and waited and waited and waited for our first tomato to start to turn red (we have many dozens of green ones), and then *poof* it got eaten hollow just like all the beets were!   my husband likes tomatoes (unlike strawberr"
weather report for party saturday says scattered t-storms and 50% <propmale> of rain   uh-oh 
is still amazed that i ended up with such a wonderful husband 
"little stressed out   tomorrow i go to <propfirst>'s for beaucoup chicken, farmer's mkt for beaucoup corn on the cob, make coleslaw, cuke-salad, and several other pre-prep-able dishes, and start tent setup and decorating as much as can be done the day before   (today i was supposed to do the above shopping, but was so busy all day i forgot   )"
"the weather forecast for tomorrow has gradually changed over the last four days from scattered t-storms, hi=74, and 50% <propmale> -to- partly cloudy, hi=80, and 20% <propmale>   woohooooo!!!!  (i will gladly take the hotter humid in exchange for not having to have everyone cramped in our basement during a storm   )"
still awake 
"great party yesterday!  just a little rain, but not enough to ruin anything   it's so hot and humid now, but we're getting it cleaned up out there   "
happy birthday to <propfirst>!!!  (my baby boy is 3 now!)
"ok, it's back to real life for me   (plus big-time housecleaning )"
i just saw on the news that <propmale> <propfirst> died today 
happy to be heading to bed       goodnight!
why am i so dad-gun tired all the time????
is staying cheery    for the most part 
how do you clean play-doh out of holes in the little guy that you smush his play-doh hair through?  really    i can't get it out 
"is missing \comfortable\""   probably won't see it for a while    """
"yesterday, there were a bulldog and a pitbull running around in our backyard (quite unusual)   one of them got a groundhog, just slightly off our property   today, i am sitting in my b-fast nook watching the buzzards clean up   "
9am: i slept in because <propfirst> slept in   nice   time to go wake him up 
the opposite of sleeping in today   we have an early dr appt down in the city 
"today: kindermusik, 1hr glucose test, then maybe walmart if i still feel up to it   (and very sorry to hear about sen  kennedy)"
today is one of those days that it is just fun to be a mom   <propfirst> and i have been having so much fun just hanging out with each other  (and he hasn't acted up once!)
"today <propfirst> has his 3-yr-old doctor's checkup, then we're off to oh!"
"up until today, this has been the heartburn-free-est pregnancy for me yet   like i said, up until today     (i hope it was just a bad day and not the beginning of heartburn city )"
"much better today about the heartburn   (about the hips, tiredness, and queasy belly, not so much )  happy "
another busy day for me and <propfirst>!
off to bed for me   library in the morning; root canal in the afternoon   looking forward to getting tomorrow over with 
had my first root canal today   actually not that bad overall   (why can't they use all that mouth-clamping-open stuff -- and get you that numb -- for a filling at the regular dentist?)
"oh, i get it     root canals hurt worse on the 2nd day   yesterday i was wondering what all the hoopla is all about because i was doing fine   today, the whole right side of my face feels terrible   i will be spending the rest of the day doing as much lying down as i can get away with "
i failed my 1-hr glucose screen (same as last time)   going for the 3-hr test on saturday (which i passed last time and hope for the same    i really don't need any more excitement right now )
well i was hoping to get more done today   my todo list keeps growing and i keep not making it get shorter 
is off to the vampire's office   
"it was a big day for me    started with my 3-hr glucose test, did lunch and walmart, <propmale> started stripping wallpaper in the baby's room, and then we went out to lowe's and grocery shopping   i am so pooped, but at least auburn is winning   war eagle "
just finished finely shred chopping up six heads of red cabbage   we will can tomorrow 
shouldn't be awake 
getting back into the swing   
's day started with no telephone or internet -- our cable modem was all screwed up again   now we're fixed 
why oh why do i live in the godforsaken part of the country?  the auburn game is payperview!!!!!!!  (which is actually good considering so many of them aren't available at all   )
waaaaaaaar eagle!  (it wasn't as much fun watching the espn gamecast app as it would have been watching the game   )
today we will go straight from church to our hospice's butterfly-release ceremony   all of my preparation for this daughter is sometimes hard to do while dealing with the upcoming 'anniversaries' of our first daughter   it will be nice to have the afternoon be about remembering 
keeps checking facebook for some level of amusement    but ya'll are being pretty quiet this afternoon   
really bummed about this weekend!!!!
"ok, all ya'll who are going to our 20th reunion  this weekend -- have fun and take lots of pictures to post on fb!"
"just dropped an e playful loding jar of spaghetti sauce at giant eagle   clutzy as i am, i have never done that before   my grace [haha] appears to be leaving me to go join my short-term memory, wherever that ran off to   "
wishes i were in sarasota 
"just impulse-bought a box of swedish fish   (oh, btw, forgot to notify that i found out 2 days ago that my gestational diabetes test was negative )"
has thankfully very little to do with the city this week (in spite of all the doctor's appts lately)   but we need to get to magee tomorrow morning and saturday morning   does any pgh friend know how to find out about the traffic stiuation over there?
"had kraft macaroni & cheese and extra-gooey grilled cheese sandwiches for supper   (even if i had a gourmet chef working here, this would be what i wanted tonight -- yummy )"
we had a kind of birthday party for baby <propfemale>   we released a dozen colorful birthday balloons for her and watched them until they disappeared into the clouds   it was a sad day 
we are all home now (minus one gallbladder)   everything's ok 
"only 3 weeks til scheduled \c\""   so much to do """
is whining to all ya'll again about not being able to watch auburn football again because my cable company doesn't get espn360!!!  (last week it was on tv but i could make it past the 3rd qtr because it got to be so doggone late )
is loving the bag of york peppermint patties that i bought yesterday     (can't just walk on by that stupid halloween <propfemale>)
"auburn friends, i want you see what i live amongst   "
"i have to repost this story for those of you monday-morning types     \what it's like to be an auburn fan in pa\""    """
trying really hard not to take a nap
tomorrow we have kindermusik in the morning and a non-stress test in the afternoon   (that should be just enough )    smile 
it's past 9am and still only 54^f at my house   (the official weather says it's 42^f )  i don't know if i'm ready for this          
"i am a terrible at-home mom    today for lunch, <propfirst> had a lunchable and i had two reese-cups and a giant bowl of coleslaw     smile   weird cravings, what can i say?"
"the first day in forever that i don't have multiple appointments and things to do   do i (a) go out in the cold and rain to get all the errands and shopping done that i have not been able to do all week, or (b) curl up on the couch with a warm, soft blanket   hrm   "
"only 2 weeks til the big \c\""   ordering carpet and shades tomorrow   <propmale> will finish painting before the carpet installation   so many other things i want to get done that aren't even decorating-related   """
off to oh for the day     we're going to the cemetery to spruce up a bit   can't believe it's been a year 
actually got to see the very end of the auburn game last night   but i didn't watch the whole thing because i wasn't home because i had checked the tv schedule and saw that i couldn't get it again   drat   (at least the end was awesome because we won   )
"got a lot done today!  (not enough, but i'm still proud of me )"
is finally getting my permanent crown put on today   i am ready to be done with the tooth saga   august 8 is the day that i originally lost the filling that caused this whole stupid mess   
"a new first for me -- <propfirst> and i stopped for lunch at mcdonald's!  (and he actually liked the chicken mcnuggets, but not as much as the fries )"
"<propfirst> has his first day of school today!!!  (long story, and not my first choice to start him so close to baby coming   )  i know he'll do fine, but i'm one of those annoying moms who'll have to cry a little    smile "
hasn't the words to describe how tired i am 
"ok, i am watching auburn play football for the first time in awhile     they look so dumb so far, i can't figure how they've managed to win so much and then act like this   but they'll snap out of it, right?????"
that was disgusting 
kaa-razy     when we got up this morning it was 37 degrees and there was frost in the yard   (am i ready for this?)
"it was a big day for me   hospital for regular dr appt, then two stores, and now i'm shot for the day "
"i am just now packing my hospital bag   seems weird, but i guess since today is 36wk, it would be about the time i should be doing it anyway   "
"can you believe that 48 hours from now, i will [almost definitely] have this baby out of me?  (happy, sad, anxious, excited, nervous, ready, not ready, and lots, lots more   )"
"well, here's the news: no c-section tomorrow because my placenta has pulled up -- no more previa   this is good news because baby is now allowed to go full term   (but it was very une playful ected because it was so *incredibly* improbable   i am still in shock about the change of plans   but yay )"
is making hot spiced cider (smells fabulous) and trying to take care of the todo items that don't involve standing up or moving around too much   
woo hoo!  war eagle!!!
good morning!
the last few days have had nothing on the schedule because i intended to be in the hospital   today it's back to regular calendar life 
"is running out the door: <propfirst>'s school has a \field trip\"" to a pumpkin patch today   (and then straight to the hospital for our weekly nst )"""
"early dr appt at hospital, then kindermusik   back to the busy end-of-pregnancy lifestyle "
getting ready for some au football!  (i am on my side again with persistent b h  contractions this evening )
it's  a bright and <propfemale> morning -- yay!  i am sitting at my kitchen table noticing how badly my house needs dusting -- sigh   
"still holding    working on baby's room, trying to find out how to get flu shots, and 1st appt with <propfirst> this afternoon now that we've transferred back with him      smile "
it's weird for me that 7am is still completely dark outside 
is home from the hospital (this afternoon) and exhausted but fine   have gobs of pictures to post but it's hard to find the time *and* get any rest   will do soon   promise 
"introducing <propfemale> <propfemale> pichieri --- born 2009-10-28, 9:42am, 7lb13oz, 20 5in --- we had to see her and get to know her a little before we could pick a name this time   she's absolutely wonderous "
"beautiful <propfemale> day!  <propfemale> baby has her first doctor's appt this afternoon, so we are leaving the house for the first time "
"almost every time <propfirst> touches <propfemale>, he says, \she so soft!\"""""
<propfemale> seems twice as big as she did just five nights ago   <propfirst> seems huge compared to two weeks ago   perspective 
thanks to everyone who brought us food this week!  right this minute i am feeling especially thankful to whoever brought the hartzler's chocolate milk!!!
"is getting used to this fabulous lifestyle of not leaving the cozy, warm house   (wish it could last all winter   )"
the world is a better place because of chocolate chip cookies 
is still losing about a lb a day this week from lying around doing nothing     (if only real life were so kind )
off to a nice start   
is still loving the baby days   <propfemale> is awesome   we pretty much just lie around and sleep together all day   
"ok, to my ndr friends    wth happened at the tjmaxx last night?!  (internet news isn't cutting it )"
my husband is awesome 
tomorrow morning we are attending a memorial service at the children's hospital of pittsburgh for the families of children who died from july through december of 2008   this should be interesting to go back and see our doctors and nurses (and palliative care people and social workers and so on   ) again 
just home from ohio where we had stutzman thanksgiving   it was great to see everyone -- thanks for the food and fun   and i am thankful for the great night last night with <propfemale> and <propfirst> -- thanks for having us   (<propfemale> and <propfirst> enjoyed it )
good night!
i am thankful that my life just keeps getting better and better     happy thanksgiving to everyone!
it's really snowing out there
"ok, today is <propfemale>'s one-month birthday! to celebrate, she decided to cry loudly at least every half hour all through last night   we have been so spoiled by her not-crying and by her awesome nighttime sleeping, so it was harder to cope   wish us better luck for tonight!"
wishes i didn't have to get a headache everyday around this time 
tvland is showing the <propmale> episode where <propmale> and <propmale> get captured by the lady prisoners   love it!
"<propfemale> has officially entered the peely-headed, hair-losing period of her babyhood   but i of course still think she's beautiful "
"every night since <propfemale> has been home, we have woken for just one night feeding always between 3am and 4 smile 0   except tonight she woke at 2 smile 0, and last night when neither of us woke until i did at 5 smile 0   [so much for that little bit of regularity ]"
"hrm, as an auburn alum who hates the florida gators more than anything, what am i supposed to feel here?  (don't tell anyone but i am lovin' it   )"
how do i know when my always-super-sleepyness is no longer from surgery childbirth and just from regular life?  it's almost six weeks now   (zzzzz)
21 degree at my house right now -- just too cold -- how do people live this way?
"three years ago today, we packed up the last of our belongings, walked out of our beautiful home in florida for the last time, and began our drive to pennsylvania     can't believe it's been three years!"
"we went to see <propfemale> tonight but <propfirst> suddenly didn't want to go when it was time   we did get a nice picture but he didn't want to talk to him   after we got home, i asked <propfirst> what happened, and he said, \i got shy \"""""
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i want for christmas is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen "
"well, the snowing has started right on time     i saw at about 5 surprise 0 that our winter weather advisory started at 10 surprise 0pm    we are supposed to get a lot of snow tonight and tomorrow "
"just finished addressing and stamping a big pile of christmas cards!  (hey, it's done way earlier than last year     go me)  off to bed now "
went to both target *and* walmart this afternoon     insanity!
i do love sending and receiving christmas cards   i am such a geek that i got curious enough to to tally up by state this big pile of cards we are about to dump into the mail  even more geeky to post my tally on facebook: <propmale> 2 ak 1 az 1 ca 1 fl 18 il 1 in 2 ky 1 la 1 md 1 mi 1 ms 1 nj 10 nc 1 oh 21 <propfemale> 31 (including hand-delivered to people at work) sc 2 tn 1 tx 1 va 3
it's beginning to look a lot less like christmas!!!  (i e  the snow is melting fast)
"is sick?  really!?  but i *never* get sick, much less for christmas!"
good christmas morning!  <propfemale> ate the cookies!  it's freezing-raining and supposed to warm up to regular-rain later this morning to melt our white christmas snow away   hope we have a decent drive over to oh 
"ok, i know it's not daylight yet but i am ready for everyone to get up!"
"as a friend of mine said recently: peace on earth, goodwill towards all men   let's work on getting that done "
<propfemale> is two months old today!  she had her first shots this afternoon 
watching <propfirst> and his dad and uncles play in the snow   they are finally getting some speed going down the side hill 
"my friends' birthday-reminder thingie is full today!  happy birthday to all you new years' babies:  ande (today), <propfirst> (1st), and <propfemale> (2nd)"
hap
thankful we don't need to leave the house today -- what a mess!
shouldn't be awake at this hour 
men of a certain age 
nobody's asked me either ; i googled it
getting ready for the game       go! whoever's playing against bama   
i want some tang   seriously   almost enough to send my husband to the store    wink 
"how exactly do all these games help breast cancer? if they are just for fun, then that's fine, but don't say it's for breast cancer       seriously, i don't mean this to be a rhetorical question; if there's an answer, i would like to know it "
"breastfeeding reduces your chances of getting breast cancer (and the longer you nurse, the lower your risk)  and it also helps your daughter reduce her chances of getting breast cancer  so post this instead of the color of your bra today! yay for lactation!  smile "
just got back from dropping off <propfirst> at school for the first time since dec 16   i miss him already!
"pancreatic cancer has the highest mortality rate of any cancer; half of those diagnosed with it die within six months, and 96 percent die within five years "
"ups is not not not shipping anything [under or over 50lbs, for free or for pay] to haiti   american airlines is not not not taking doctors and nurses to haiti for free   etc    please do not repost this info without verifying!!!"
i licked my best friend in my car because the voices told me to 
"for lunch, <propfirst> and i had pbjs, cheese, pears, and tang    smile "
"one man come in the name of love   one man come and go   one man come, he to justify   one man to overthrow"
"you gotta be bad, you gotta be bold, you gotta be wiser, you gotta be hard, you gotta be tough, you gotta be stronger, you gotta be cool, you gotta be calm, you gotta stay together"
"sunday, it was very rainy and the last of our snow from a few weeks ago disappeared   monday, it was wet, very muddy, and warm -- all of the creeks looked close to overflowing   last night it snowed   today, it's all covered with white again   i like white better than brown "
i've got a loaded pez dispenser and i'm not afraid to use it 
we had no power all afternoon!  the temperature in here got all the way down to 64!  i was standing by to evacuate if it went much longer   smile 
<propfemale> baby is 3 months old today!
if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy & paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say   
i just made a raisin box whistle!
"goshen, in was just on cnn!  they were doing a story about how badly the recession has hurt small-town <propfemale> but especially elkhart co "
"it's 4°f right now   i am awake to see if there is a school delay, and there isn't so far "
has the hiccups
doesn't have the hiccups 
i am rooting for the saints' fans   i don't know any colts fans 
"and the snow has begun   we are about one hour into our 30-hr \winter storm warning\"" """
<propmale> and <propfirst> are going outside to play in all the snow   i am a little jealous because i haven't played in huge snowdrifts since i was 5 yrs old 
our neighbor just came down the driveway with a huge snowblower on his tractor! (350ft driveway covered with about 2ft of snow) <propmale> was only about 10% done with his dig-n-plow out   hurray for good neighbors!!!
more snow this afternoon   wow 
still waiting to see if tomorrow is another snow day (like yesterday and today)   <propfirst> and i made his valentines today 
today is <propfirst>'s half-birthday 
is so irritated by people who really think that this snow disproves global warming 
is loving this opening ceremony show  but i've just got to go to bed soon 
i wish for my usual sunday afternoon nap   probably won't happen 
"not a snow day, but another day off from school   happy presidents' day   [and another 6''-12'' of snow tonight?!!?  will we  ever  go back to school?]"
"wow, it seems like a monday because it's our first day back to school since feb 5   i'm gonna miss <propfirst> today!"
i fell down the stairs yesterday   there is a space below to make fun of me 
"i asked <propfirst>, \what is all over <propfemale>'s sweater?\""   (the answer was hearts )  he said \""spit \"""""
"just made the call to keep <propfirst> home from preschool today   he has started a runny nose which causes a gross-sounding cough, but no fever or any other sick-symptoms   (if only everyone could afford to be so courteous, <propfirst> might not be sick now!)"
is the goddess of kitchen disaster
"<propfirst> has turned sick   maybe not   he is still very clear-snotty, but still playing   he is tired and his eyes look like he could fall asleep at any moment, but he doesn't want to lie down for any longer than a couple of minutes at a time   i think he might feel a little warm to the touch, but i can't measure any fever   his eyes are watering like crazy, but not red or gooey "
no oh this wknd   sad   <propfirst> took a little turn for the worse and is now doing the whole fever thing 
"i pretty much leave cnn on all the time, and i just watched an insane interview with <propfirst> <propfemale> and someone named <propfemale> velez <propfirst> in response to a sea world press conference   my question is how do i tell cnn (and their advertisers) that i will from now on immediately turn the channel if i ever see <propfemale> velez <propfirst> on my television again?"
"<propmale> is stuck on i-79n trying to get home   standstill traffic, but interestingly, not because of an accident   when has this ever happened to you:  cops came whizzing up the medians, blocked off traffic up a few cars ahead of him, then came walking down through the vehicles to talk to everyone to inform about what's going on -- how nice, huh?"
"is sick   on a brighter note, <propfirst> is better "
just took delivery of the girl scout cookies that i ordered weeks ago    yum 
"tonight as i was leaving the room to change <propfemale>'s diaper, i heard <propmale> burp and then quietly say to <propfirst>, \that was a mommy sound\"""""
"my car wouldn't start today -- dead battery   very inconvenient when you're getting in the car to take your kid to preschool   <propfirst> says thanks for the ride, <propfemale> and <propmale>!"
is sleepy beyond belief   <propfemale> has decided to cry all night every night this week  why?
signs of spring:  time to stop using the garage as a refrigerator    (56°f!)
"as much as i hate to lose an hour, i love the spring time change so it doesn't get dark so ridiculously early "
beware the ides of march
why are reese eggs so good?  there is something about them that no other reese shape quite has   
<propfemale> kept me awake from about 5 smile 0 on    now she's sleeping and i am awake   no fair 
"the census is not an invasion of privacy, you idiots   you should be proud to have your existence recorded and counted "
"this is only like the sixth time <propfirst> has vomited   (maybe seventh, i lost count    )  on a related note, what kind of thank you gesture would you make to apologize and e playful ress gratitude to the girl who cuts his hair whose shop he messed up and who took such good care of him and got him all cleaned up?"
so sorry <propfirst> has to miss school today   they are dying easter eggs 
"<propfirst>'s eye is swollen completely shut this morning   it looks terrible   it is all dark but nothing is oozing   so we're going back to the doctor this morning   if they tell us the same thing, we're thinking we'll drive down to the er at children's    "
the spence is killing me
"<propfirst> went to school today and the eye looks much better since i picked him up   nevertheless, i made an appointment with an eye doctor which we are about to head to    "
"the eye doctor thinks it is allergy, too, but instructs us to keep taking both the antibiotic and the antihistimine for longer than originally prescribed   eye is much better, so hopefully we don't need to worry anymore   also, after being repeated asked about new allergens (no to new pets, new carpets, etc ), we've remembered that <propfirst> got a new bed pillow a week before this happened   hrmm   "
my husband left today for a few days in okc   i am on my own tonight with both kids for the first time   <propfirst> is climbing the walls and i am trying to get supper together while <propfemale> is mercifully sleeping for a second   no doubt bedtime will be a fun new e playful erience      smile    smile    smile 
"<propfemale> slept all night for the fifth time in a row!  she started doing that at about 6wks, but the last three weeks have been just brutal for some reason   here's hoping she's back on the sleep-all-night groove "
dang!  it's cold!
"this is why, back in the olden days, they used to write horrible songs about babies falling out of trees and stuff   "
spent a lot of money on clothes today   do i feel better about myself as a person?  --a little bit 
"zippity-doo-dah, zippity-a, my-o-my, what  a wonderful day!!!!"
out like a lamb!  tell you what!
just woke up from a nap (awesome) with my two kids on top of me (awesomest)
"is going to get driver license picture taken   have lots of makeup on, which happens rarely   smile "
"is very cool   a lot of  people don't seem to know it on their own though, so i have to tell them "
we are leaving for ohio now!  happy easter!!!
had a really fun weekend    now back to regular life on much less sleep than usual 
is hoping to be asleep soon and to be allowed (by the grace of my baby girl) to stay that way for the remainder of my bday   i had a great day -- sincere thanks to everyone for the well-wishes!
oh <propfemale>!  for the love all that is good!  please let us sleep!
just put <propfemale> down   shh! good   night   for now 
heading toward oh very soon   pack-n-run morning!
had a great weekend!  thanks to everyone who made it great!
used my brand new hoover platinum cordless stick vacuum today   love it!  it really sucks 
"local friends: does anyone have a jeweler that they do or don't recommend?  i need to get a jewelry appraisal insurance                     evaluation   on a related note, i also want to get a new engagement ring made since i had to have my original one cut off (and it was set shoddily in the first place) "
what a yucky and cold day!  i should watch  the weather once in awhile so i can start not always being surprised by  changes 
 smile 
happy half-birthday to my <propfemale> baby 
we decided to leave for fl a little early -- tomorrow afternoon!  i am in a packing frenzy
"yesterday was a packing frenzy, so today ought to be an insane hysteria   <deep breath>  ahhhh     ok: ready, set, go!"
losin' my marbles   but gittin'er done 
heading to fl!
"we pulled in parking lot of rental ofc & <propfirst> said, mommy, we arrived at florida!"
"hey srq girlfriends, where should i go to get my toes done?  my feet are atrocious and i want to treat myself   "
"having fun!  wish <propfemale> would sleep better, though "
last day at siesta beach was nice (but hot!)  hopefully we'll make it back tonight for sunset because we're leaving for disney in the morning   
"goodbye, srq!  hello, wdw!"
"back online for the first time since sarasota -- one of the reasons why disney is not-so-great   had fun, and almost home   "
stayed in <propfemale> last night; should be home around suppertime 
"somebody died today after a painful fight with cancer   yes, life goes on for the rest of the world, but please just take a moment to think of this man and his wife and three children, and his of father and brothers and sisters, and silently wish them as much peace as possible in their grief "
"goodbye, sweet-smelling baby poo! and hello to the stinky stuff:  i am proud to be able to say that until today <propfemale> has injested absolutely nothing but breastmilk!  (except some medication here and there ) today she had some rice and did pretty good "
"in spite of being always tired, am determined to go through vacation pictures and get some posted on here   "
"cool!!!  go \google\"" something and play some \",01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6,"back to real life, but i feel stoned, i'm guessing from taking alavert all wknd -- just   want   to   sleeeeeeeep   "
having one of those i-don't-want-to kind of days 
"left for nj last night, earlier than planned   now we're halfway there already starting out this morning "
"hello, facebook! i just got back from the wilds of new jersey where i wasn't on the internet all weekend "
just got my check from the mcneill recall   that was really quick since i filed it less than a week ago 
"wondermom just finished feeding herself and <propfirst> poptarts for breakfast   (yes, it's almost 10 surprise 0 )"
"my promise to my children: i will stalk you, freak out on you, lecture you, drive you crazy, be your worst nightmare, embarrass you in front of your friends, hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why i do it  then i will know you are a responsible adult  all because i    love you  you will never find someone who    loves you and cares about you more than your mother  i am your biggest fan   love "
what do teenage babysitters make nowadays?  trying to get one for the first time and no clue what is normal to offer 
"i always try to avoid jumping on popular public-opinion bandwagons without doing my own research to back me up   but i have been too busy to really look into much detail of all the bp crap   however, today i can announce that <propfirst> hayward really is a slime "
"<propfemale> just totally stood up just now   and yes, she's not 8 months old yet "
<propfemale> got so sick today (fever and throw up -- soooo much throw up) i actually went to the doctor   now i am starting to feel the achiness of a fever coming on   man!!!!
"busy day!  clean, pack, clean, pack   hopefully, i won't run out of steam until i get at least half of my list done "
misses the beach a lot sometimes 
"leaving for nj now    have a good weekend, everyone"
"for fathers day we bought <propmale> a new garage door opener and keypad for his downstairs garage   he didn't get aroung to putting it up right away   last week, my garage door opener went pop and broke   conveniently, we happened to have the extra one sitting around   he's installing it now "
loves lightning bugs   love 
"tip from facebook security annoyed \on facebook", there's no way to see who has visited your profile  we've \01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6,"today is <propfemale>'s 9-month birthday!  (and she's been in a relatively good mood    smile   )  happy birthday, little baby "
one week til party time!  i am entering hyper-prep mode   (why-o-why didn't i start earlier?)
"aw! facebook has put up a little reminder of my wedding anniversary   and it's a good thing, too   i would forget with all the stuff going on"
"after a very busy day of preparations (coming after an insanely busy week of preparations   ), it's party time!  can;t wait to see everyone!"
"i walked under a ladder today   seriously   then i remembered it was fri the 13th   at which point i dared fate to make things any worse for me today than yesterday (i had a mini- breakdown yesterday afternoon)     \just go ahead and try!  just try!  i dare you!!!\"""""
" \rules for always having a clean house and a happy husband annoyed 1  don't live in your home   no cooking or eating   no wearing clothes   no sleeping   go elsewhere to do these things \2  don't get married   dating's okay, if you must, as long as you go out to eat \3  don't have children   admire other people's kids from a distance, and be glad other parents have to care for them "
i think i've lost my marbles!
get ready folks (and sorry) for another season of my whining & complaining about not being able to see auburn football up here!  today's game i could (but won't) see for $115 ppv   that's just stupid 
i am getting super sick of all those \the irs will relentlessly pursue \,01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6,"i know i am supposed to hate bama (because i love auburn and because they are ranked highly), and maybe i'm supposed to like pennst now (because likeitornot i live here), but i've gotta say:  i am always happy to see an sec team whoop up on a big10 team   (so keep going bama    but you didn't hear it from me )"
"i usually do better than this in public, but i lost it and started to cry at <propfemale>'s kindermusik class today   tomorrow is <propfemale>'s 2nd birthday  i, as usual, am having a tough time with autumn \\please bear with me and think of my family during the next couple of weeks   our daughter <propfemale> was born on september 22 and died on october 3, 2008 "
"grief is the price we pay for love   though death comes, love never goes away "
"this morning annoyed \mommy"," i don't want to grow anymore   \""  \"01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6,south beach phase 1: game on!  (i'm a little scared)   playful 
"i'm always proud of my hardworking husband, but today i'm extra proud to congratulate him: <propmale> is (as of today) the director of engineering at cheetah technologies!"
"just posted my dining room table on craigslist   (been meaning to get around to it for about 7 months )  anyway, i should have asked some of you first if you are interested, particularly my young and just-starting-out cousins   "
craigslist rocks   man that was quick 
yay wde omg
"day 14 of south beach phase i completed   i've lost 7-10 lb  (depending upon where my starting point was)   wtloss was slow at first but i've averaged nearly a pound a day for the last few days (with very little exercise)   we originally planned on phase one for three weeks, but at this rate i may just have the will to go for four!"
the prime purpose of being four is to enjoy being four - of secondary importance is to prepare for being five 
am surprising myself by being glued to this miner rescue coverage   
"fake(+)(+)\ perfect(o)(o) perky( wink ( wink  cold(^)(^) and even grandma's \\  \\   big( o \)( o ) or small( )( ) save them all! repost for breast cancerawareness!"
fake(+)(+) perfect(o)(o) perky( wink ( wink  cold(^)(^) and even grandma's \\  \\   big( o )( o ) or small( )( ) save them all! re-post for breast cancer awareness!
"october 15th was pregnancy and infant loss remembrance day  according to \they\"""," \""marking the \"01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6,here we go     war eagle!!!!!!!!!!!
the end  yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
enjoying watching the good times in <propfemale>   (and having happy memories of getting so excited and running wild out on the field )
number four
"we worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today   ~stacia tauscher"
"i just gave $20 to wikipedia   i am not usually a random donor to stuff like that, but i have always been impressed by its concept and its success, and i usually go there first anytime i wonder about looking up *anything*   comparing my usage to what it would cost to buy a relatively lame encyclopedia, i feel a little cheap for not donating more   "
time is never a factor when joy is involved 
<propfemale> just walked   three steps   i am glad i happened to notice   (one week before her 1st birthday!!!!!!!!!)
"on a related note (before the walking happened) i was going to announce that <propfemale> has finally gotten a tooth through   it's on the top, still nothing on the bottom   it actually cut through two days ago, but i wasn't positive until this morning "
looooooooooooooooooooooove it!
"number one!!!!  seriously!?! (sorry, i just found out!)  woo hooooooooooooooo!  war eagle!"
wore a pair of jeans today that haven't fit since 2 5 yrs ago (when i was preg w #2) 
" \happy 1st birthday to my <propfemale> baby!\\today you are you!  that is truer than true!\there is no one alive who is you-er than you!\shout loud, \i am lucky to be what i am!\",01008f3b3d099c50e984ccfee58f32a6,"wonderful party!  thanks to everyone for coming!  thanks mostly to my dear husband\ for cooking   i am too tired to post pictures, but i will try to get on\ it tomorrow   no wait, i'll be halloweening all day tomorrow   soon \then "
just watched toy story 3 with <propfirst> and <propfemale> this evening   (tears were shed by all for varying reasons )
"please\ copy & paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been \affected by someone, who keeps posting things like this in \their status  people who post these damned things affect the lives of \many! there is still no known cure for these posts; however together we \can raise\ awareness!    93% won't copy & paste this, & those people are \evil kitten haters who kick puppies & hate double rainbows!"
it's snowing  !!!!!!
hatin' cbs
"wow, even after i spent the last however-long knowing that we'd won it, something about watching all the confetti drop while the band was playing war eagle just brought tears to my eyes   war eagle to all, and to all a good night "
cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing   ~phyllis diller
in oh today and driving home later this afternoon   hoping the weather isn't as nasty as they're saying it's gonna be 
"aw! <propfirst>'s school is cancelled today! it's the last day before getting off three weeks for christmas   he will be so disappointed since we have presents for the teachers, plus i know he has been so excitedly working on a \present\"" for me htat they were going to finish today """
"if someone uses his or her status update to voice an opinion on a political or social issue and you don't agree with the opinion, don't be a rude jerk by disagreeing (starting an argument) under their status!  \\if you feel you must tell the world how you feel, then you have your very own platform: your own status update (aka wall) "
"the irony of school closing because of the wind chill:  <propfirst> would be relatively toasty if i dropped him off at school and left him in there, but now he will have to lug around with me and <propfemale> to her dr appt and to giant eagle   having him along greatly slows the process of getting in and out of the car, so we will all be a lot colder today because of the school closing   oh well "
still wrapping       (and hoping one last package shows up tomorrow!!)
"had a fabulous morning here at home, and now we're off to oh!"
<propfemale> day-after-xmas! today is my grandpa <propfirst>'s 89th birthday!
i >>love<< resting  wish i could do it even more 
"wow, <propfemale> was good to me this year   (and man! i love him soooooo much!)"
jelly belly buttered popcorn flavor are better than actual buttered popcorn 
"i have just watched the last about 4 minutes of the nc tn game, and i have no idea what has been going on "
today is our first day back to normal routine   it's also the first day since dec 23 that i have woken up alone with the children 
"and a happy monday, january 10th, to everybody!!!  war eagle!"
i believe in auburn & love it
"\we are the best football team in the united states of <propfemale>   and war eagle \"""""
i wish i could be at toomer's right now!!!!!!  am considering going out to roll my own trees 
"hey, sarasota people: i need some help   my parents need some minor help with their computer and i don't live their anymore   can you recommend any geek-squad-type person or business (or if you do that stuff yourself   )?"
"granted, it's no fun to drive in and no fun to shovel plow -- the slush is a mess -- -- no one hates cold more than i do \\-- but, in a most childlike way -->\\it's pretty cool to watch the world getting covered up under an undisturbed blanket of the white stuff    smile "
"ok, it appears that <propmale>'s fb account has been hacked but it's ok now   he got an email message to verify that he had changed his password, which he hadn't, so he clicked no   in the meantime, everyone should know that we are safe and sound at home!!!!"
"we are not mugged and hurt in london and don't need you to send money!  (if you want to send some anyway, though, you have our home address )"
the weather on my phone says it's 4degf   yet we're headed to the grocery store with the children  brrr 
"<propfirst> just asked if he could use the swiffer to sweep the kitchen floor   (um, yes you may   )"
today <propfemale>'s is 15 months old   looking forward to her dr appt on tue to see what she weighs   she just had an obvious growth spurt; we might even be able to turn her car seat around finally     (she was only 16lb at her 12-mo appt )
boy they sure are making a big deal out of the storm coming   looks like it won't be too bad (relatively) here for us   hopefully 
"out on a date with my beloved! (yes i'm fbing while he is emailing , oh well  smile "
<propfemale> was 17lb7oz at her doctor appt   up 1lb fro 3mo ago   so still not turning around   the poor thing has her legs bent up into almost a squatting position when she's in the car 
hey my facebook profile says i'm married to some guy in an orange shirt with a kid stuck to his head   (i e  they've finally reinstated @<propmale>'s account)
happy half-birthday to my <propfirst> baby (who is 4 5 today)!
thank you all for being my facebook-friends!  you interest me and amuse me every day on such a huge variety of subjects (even when i am silent because my hands --or my schedule -- are too full to type anything)   just letting you all know you are appreciated    smile 
every now and then i need a day like i had today to refill my pitcher and remind me how truly awesome and fun both of my kids are!  we had a great playdate with friends at children's museum of pittsburgh and a really nice day 
"the comment i made yesterday about my pitcher being full -- just want to clarify that that was my \love pitcher\"" -- because my \""energy pitcher\"" is dead empty"""
we left millersburg six hrs ago   we have been sitting on our exit ramp on i-79 for almost halfhour and can't find out why!!!
we're home now   6 5-hr trip 
just reserved same place on siesta as last year for 3rd wk of may
"bought size 3 diapers for <propfemale>   (2's still fit, but they were out )  in other words, my 16m surprise ld is finally going to start wearing \cruisers\"" instead of \""swaddlers\""    sad """
"the sun did not shine, it was too wet to play    "
this evening we tried something new and made jello-jiggler cutouts   turns out neither of my kids care for jello  they were both visibly grossed out after the first couple of bites   (atleast the cutting part and making the mess were fun )
"so let's get this straight   kelsey grammer can end a 15 year marriage over the phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone  yet, the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? re-post to your <propfemale> if you are proud to support equal rights!"
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along    4 words is harder than you think      !!"
crappy weather   don't like rain   don't like cold   not going out   no 
"<propfirst> and i drove through starbucks for green tea frappuccinos this morning!  (we do that all the time, but it was a nice green thing to do today!) happy st <propfirst>'s, everyone!"
not wearing a coat today   feels weird   like i'm forgetting something 
happy birthday!  be sure to watch the super-moon rise for your birthday   how cool is that?
"copy and paste this if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts  ? ? ? ? for goodness sake, don't forget the hearts  ? ? ? ?"
"it's beginning to look a lot like christmas      oh, wait "
it's my birthmonth!  let's start celebrating 
i just dusted last week   but it didn't do any good   it just needs it again today    sad 
"tomorrow is my 40th birthday, and i am going to a black-tie ball (juuust a little out of character)   which made me reflect on how i've spent my other '0' birthdays   when i turned 30, i was pissy about it and wanted to be alone so i walked down to the beach by myself with a 6pk and had a nice relaxing afternoon   on my 20th birthday, i don't remember exactly what we did but it was fun and probably involved a rodeo "
at the salon getting an updo!
"when my husband was in high school, his nickname was 'peach'   (football team nickname from his last name; it's on his letter jacket )  when i was in 8th-9th-10th grade, my nickname was 'plum'  (originally called that by a teacher because of my haircolor )  i only recently connected those two facts to realize the cutesy coincidence "
"if there's one thing i need more than sleep, it's to stop coughing long enough to get to sleep   hack, cough, hack, arg "
i dislike cats 
i am really thinking about getting a haircut   this is terrifying for me since hair-down-to-my-butt has somehow become part of my personal identity   but yet   
"my whole family has been sick with colds for like 5-6 weeks   today, i have a new sore throat and <propfemale> and i are both running low fevers   (<propfirst> seems fine )  i am soooooooooooooooooooooo tired of being sick "
"i was born on good friday, 1971   so     , it's kinda like my birthday again   if you want, you can send a present   (i should offer lessons in how to milk a birthday for all you can get   wink "
"thankfully, there are worse smells than the smell of skunk   that being said, my whole house smells like a skunk just sprayed in the kitchen   can't tell where it's coming from and don't want to open any windows or doors to find out "
"mommy, can we get a fish and then if it dies we can buy another fish?"
"my <propfemale>baby has gone from being a baby who toddles to a full-fledged, if small, toddler (who has a voice and an opinion, too!)  happy 18mo-birthday to <propfemale>!  we go to the doc this afternoon "
"well, <propfirst> is finally on oral antibiotics for the first time   and not for an ear infection or other sick --> it's for a finger infection!"
"ok, i'm finally going along with the mother's day profile picture thing: me with my dear grandma <propfemale> miller  <propfemale> gave me this photo after <propfemale> was born since she looked so much like me  i miss her so much "
"this irony still amuses me a couple of years later:  i mail-order and buy things online a lot, and the single time i've ever received a messed-up order was from organize com   the invoice and packing slip were correct, but the box simply didn't contain everything i ordered  (*immature teehee about having a disorganized shipping dept  wink "
almost done packing     sooooo tired      almost done    
just bought a bottle of cheerwine since i'm passin' thru <propfemale>  (<propfirst> doesn't care for it )
we're in fl! now only 5 hrs to go!
"beachin' again   btw, any of you guys  i wrote about getting together with us, please text or call- - i'm having even less than usual ability to follow through with calling and preplanning anything   "
"<propmale> is always talking about the e playful erience of doing certain little things with his son, like camping or going out for a hotdog  well this week i got to teach him how to walk way out in the gulf and then ride the waves in to shore, to dig up coquinas and watch them bury themselves, how to build creations in this wonderful sand, and how to catch lizards  pretty cool "
"<propmale> and i got fried today at the beach  he looked like it there already, i was totally surprised by the lobster color just now while changing into my jammies  (kids are both ok ) guess we might have to skip tomorrow our last day  #lamebrained #shouldknowbetter #stupidtourist"
think i brought 10 pairs of shoes on a 7-day trip  duh 
"me=happy     yeah, well, chattanooga was a little out of the way but i got to see old friends and nothing beats that  except maybe watching my kids playing with their kids "
"well, we would be getting home about now, but we decided to take our restless and noisy kids to a taco <propfemale> for a quick snack an hour ago  everyone is calmer now, but we won't be home for another hour   annoyed "
"we're home, and most of the stuff is out of the car and piled in the living room "
"phone prank: call and ask people not to use the phone because it may be dangerous for the repair crew nearby  wait 5 minutes, then call back and when they answer scream like you've been electrocuted "
finally got around to buying petunia hanging baskets today and planting a few other flower baskets (including the almost-dead pansies that i've had for a month)   <propmale> got to a <propfemale> bit of the stuff he wanted to do today   <propfirst> enjoyed planting his carrots   <propfemale> dug in the above-mentioned flower baskets and ate a lot more dirt than usual (but fwiw it was potting soil rather than ground-dirt for a change)   smile 
lightning bugs
wish i liked sausage because my house smells terrific   my man is making himself italian sausage w onions and peppers and it smells just like a cart at the fair!
"i am not positive, but i think i just saw my husband attack a groundhog by throwing a garden rake at it, javelin-style   he missed and then charged after it   i only saw the motion out there in the corner of my eye so i missed the real action   #<propmale>"
"<propfirst> called <propfemale> \muffin\"" today   where did he hear that???"""
"spent the morning (and now afternoon) making a disfunctional storage area downstairs into a functional storage area   or, at least, starting to     (off to buy some more heavy-duty shelving!)"
partway through the first day of an insanely over-scheduled 5-week period   taking a lot of stuff at the y   and storyhour at the library   and a zoo camp week   and a vbs week   plus looking at preschools for next year   fun 
"i fell down at the friggin zoo   getting achy all over, and my chiropractor is out for the rest of the week   dangit "
"put my kids through <propmale> like a rolling stone earlier in the car with me singing my heart out while driving   hours later now, <propfirst> is walking around singing \how does it feel!!! how! does it feel    \""   smile """
"hh  hh  hh  hh  hh    (excuse me, that's just me panting from the heat)"
this is my first pirates game since 1986   (believe it or not ) i seem to be messing things up for them 
aug6 made its appearance on the 10-day forecast yesterday with scattered t-storm and 60% <propmale>   today it is the same   maybe should look into possible ways to have same birthday party somewhere indoors if it comes to that   (our garage might be big enough if we clean it out?)  sad   i will try to find a plan b today   
this is freakin' awesome! (<propfemale> lent me her laminating machine     i didn't know how much i've been missing out by not owning one of these things!)  thanks!!!
"i am so completely and seriously beat i can barely move my fingers   smile  but what a fun party!  thanks to <propfirst>'s friends (and their parents!) for making it a great party for him   thanks to bigemma -- you are awesome as usual   thanks dearly to my man, aka '<propfirst> the grouch,' for backing me up -- however grouchily when tired -- and for being terrific and putting up with everything   baby you're the greatest "
"five years ago today, i became a mom   it has by far been the best five years of my life "
something about the last two mornings (maybe the <propfemale> of the sun?) is making me feel like fall   and bumming me out 
i need a remedy    for what is ailin' me    (you see?)
    and we're off  to michigan  kha <propfemale>? call me 
holy toledo!
"i happened to be watching cnn when the earthquake news   i didn't feel anything here at the house, but <propmale> called me from work to tell me they got shaken up and they didn't know what it was then yet   seen other reports from places in pittsburgh, too  wow!"
am having an exceptionally tough time with being a parent today 
f
"september is national prostate cancer awareness month!\--prostate cancer is the #1 'male cancer' in america \--this year about 240,890 new cases of prostate cancer will be diagnosed\--this year over 33,000 dads, brothers, husbands and sons will die from prostate cancer \--early detection is key\#screenings #prevention #savelives #notjustanoldmanscancer\\(thanks, reposting from <propfirst> <propmale>)"
"my cousin insists that my previous post about breast cancer awareness \don't tell the guys\"" games was against her personally   so anyone else this has offended:  i have nothing against it and usually do the silly posts along with everyone else   (look back at my wall )  i have also a history of questioning publicly knocking the games' connection to breast cancer awareness   (look back at my wall )"""
"oh, and my favorite one was: \i licked my best friend in my car because the voices told me to \"""""
war eagle!!!!
"dear new auburn football team,\   congratulations and war eagle! \but you owe me a manicure   and a couple of rolaids \love, <propfirst> lorae stutzman, '93"
thinks uga's new uniforms make them look like they ought to be working at the north pole  not that there's anything wrong with that   
i guess that storm that was delaying games in mi and in yesterday hit here at about 3am   it was a loud lot of thunder and rain   but now it's all done 
"just remembered last week's quote of the week: hey, mommy, this magnet sticks to your phone!\ --<propfirst>"""
"ok, so then as we were on our way from <propfemale>'s school to pick up <propfirst>, we got rear-ended hard by someone   so hard that the plugs for the phone charger and dvd player came out   so hard that the girl who hit us was stunned since she hit her face on her steering wheel   but we're ok "
what the??? someone please fill me in   i could only watch the end on a live chat   very frustrating and still not sure i understand 
"me (walking into the room where the kids are playing nicely together): hey <propfirst>, what are you guys up to?\<propfirst>: hey mommy, we're playing pretend \me: that's a great thing to play    so what are you pretending about?\<propfirst>: we're pretending to be grown-ups  grown-ups without kids   \me: really \<propfirst>: yeah, without kids   we're going on vacation "
"i hate fabric softener   the smell makes my nose hairs hurt   and reminds me of cat litter   i don't understand why everyone in the whole world (it sometimes seems) wants to coat their clothes with noxious goo that really does nothing (even if they like the smell, which i can't understand) "
"this is the second time i have been involved in a car accident, neither my fault, for which my insurance company has called me before i even did anything to report it   in both cases, the person who hit me jotted down their insurance information for me at the scene, but they both then called their own insurance company to report and \take fault\""   allstate just called to set me up an inspection appointment with an adjuster   #peoplearentthatbad"""
"the most important gifts you can give are your love, time, and attention  slow down, take time to smile & enjoy loved ones   life goes by way too fast "
hooray for <propfemale>! you're terrific!!!! thanks 
"just heard fire and rain on the radio  and the dam has broken  i'm now being washed away by the flood of emotions and tears  please think of us today, it's still so hard "
why are all the amish people in their sunday best? (seriously i'm curious if it's some kind of holiday )
"what a day   sincere thanks to everyone for the love, the help, the well-wishes, and the kind words "
i love oxiclean   it's like magic 
"this is definitely more photos than i would normally post on a facebook album, but that's mainly for the benefit of <propmale> so he can see them all after hearing all the details of our afternoon   "
