81846ead0d9c2035c57e9d3c419b0aff
"i am soooo glad to be back in town, to sleep in my own bed and to work on my class which is always fun, anyone as bored as me??? dont leave for gramma's house til much later!!! ggggggrrrrrr oh well im having fun"
sooooo bored and tired of working on this class because it gives me a list of things to do and then i can't go ahead with the class until i finish it so i have nothing to do until i finish my food log thing that lasts for 2 days      anyone want to <propfemale> o
is really bored and is ready to do something exciting with her life     don't know what yet     am still figuring it out      how bout some ice cream      that sounds good to me
"happiness shouldn't rely on others' opinions     it should rely on ur own feelings, like the sun!! it doesn't let the clouds tell it to shine, it just does whether or not people will see it    so you always know it's there shining    "
im sooo tired of really big drama queens and their fake problems but yeah having fun with orchestra and it's fun even though some girls wanted to steal my 1st chair     but other than that im having fun!
omgosh! life sure is fun with everyone falling asleep around me     and it's only 3 smile 5 pm! what's wrong with them?? im jealous!
is glad to get out of the house and away from sickness! gah! it's like the sickness sprouts from the walls!!!
so tired and feeling very lazy     but i made bread so that helps     and it smells sooooo good!!sorry <propfirst> im not sharing my amazingly awesome bread! im hijacking it all to myself  ha!
gotta be happy no matter what today! just ignore everyone's comments and be me! ok? ok!
"am very bored, but those cupcakes were very good and now my hands smell like potpouri! gosh! how do people eat sooo much! i love birthdays! and corn on the cob"
gotta love school     well don't really have to because i have to walk there and it just keeps raining! gah! well anyway! not complaining today! how's it working??
my driving class is now over and im sooo glad because it's really exausting to concentrate for 2 hrs every day       supposedly there's a dance on saturday but i don't think im going        study study basketball game study study! gah! too much studying!!
i need a hug!
time to find something to do before i have to help with the north south football banquet! yay for that     not really but sure!
gar! i don't want to finish preparing this stuff! i don't wanna! if you can't tell    im whining today     if you get annoyed you can tell me to shut up     
just got done with a haloween carnival!!! it was fun        ish        im really exhausted now          gosh! and i get to do the same thing tomorrow      at the pumpkin festival! yay! i wanna knock down the really big pumpkin man! hahaha jk!
is frusterated with family and arguements      why can't we all go sledding and get along already???         wasn't able to give blood today because they threw away the parent permission slips so they couldn't register me      that's their story! ha!
likes sleeping in when it's cold outside     unfortunately        i can't gosh dang it! i wish it would just snow and get it over with so it's not so cold outside! gar! haha im having too much fun ranting     can't you tell??
had a really boring day! has a 4 weekend! it's going to be epic!!!! omgosh!!! im sooooo excited! not really but i pretend to be    
doesn't want to walk to school in this mess         gross!
cleaning by itself doesn't work       now listening to christmas music and cleaning      that is sooo much fun! you get to sing while cleaning and not worry that anyone will hear you! especially when you're home all by yourself       for two days in a row      come on i thought my friends were going to invite me to things but oh well i'd take wailing at the top of my lungs to their company any day! totally jk guys!!
i love christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale> c h r i s t m a s !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
day 4: landed safely in utah at 845 am and now heading to <propfemale> square     i hear its beautiful  smile 
is sick of homework and what it entails       as in 5 hours of non stop working! gar! raise your hand or two if you hate homework as much as i do!!
12 more or less      actually less now that todays over      anyway 11 days til my 18th birthday! totally stoked!! and i have 6 days til i find out when i get my brace off finally!!! it's a good day!
4 more days til my birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!! and next week im taking the test for my licence!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!!
is very frusterated because of college applications      gah! i hate it when people get their information wrong       oh well i have til feb  1st to get it sorted out
adams gonna do the bend and snap
is soooo tired of life and others' problems     oh well i got to go make valentines early
is very bored and not looking forward to tonight        well at least a little just cuz im hungry and the parental units went to <propfemale> corral without me! *sad face*
haha thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!! im having fun being 18!! i get to vote! and be a legal adult!! yay!!!!!!
im soooo tired and waiting for a big break because im helping to make <propmale> hodgeson famous!!! hint hint!! haha jk <propmale>!
is excited to eat chocolate chip waffles and bacon and have fun with my friends watching a movie!!! yay! im only soooo excited because im sooooo bored here at my house!!
im soooooo annoyed with everyone and their freaking problems!!!!!!!!!! gah!!!! i just want today to be over!
is working on my classes and trying to meet all deadlines imaginable!! omgosh! it's a lot!!! ok dad i need ur help just to let you know! let them eat cake!!
is frusterated because my cord for my laptop is broken so my computer is about to die         crying          sad day! oh well at least i got to do stuff for academic decathlon     haha sooo much fun!
i got accepted to byu idaho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im gonna be an aunt again!!! yay! thanks <propfemale>!!! love you!!!!
im gonna go to sleep now      it's not that late i know but im soooooooooooooooo tired                good night to the world!
i don't leave for college until around new years      school starts <propfirst>  4th       ugh time to work      
haha we won our volleyball game today!! our first game this season      not that i did much anyway but still     we won!
"the sun is shining! the flowers are growing, but toad is not up yet       hahaha at least  i think the flowers should be growing! come on spring! even the birds are chirping     chirp chirpity chirp! haha good play"
ahhhhh being in the sun walking is the best kind of exercise ever!! at least i think so! it's <propfemale> relaxing!! love sun!
is tired and waiting for the three and a half day weekend so i can go pretend to ski and have fun hanging out with my friends      key words      pretend to ski      hahaha
is ready for the challenge! here we go! 14 chapters of anatomy in one month! go!
loves being in the sound of music     us as a nuns chorus sound amaazing!! and that was the first day we practiced together so everyone needs to come see it!!!!! we are awesome!!
i have a lot running around in my head     i think there's a race going on in there      or maybe a party or a concert      it's soooo loud up there i wouldn't be surprised    
is decidedly very bored and trying to finish chores cuz i have no school today      hmmmm maybe i should go biking     it's nice enough today    
hey guess what?! im married!! hahaha guess to who?!
thinking that there wsa something wrong with me when i decided to get up at 4 am this morning       ugh     i don't think i'll last thru play practice       ugh!
is ready for the concert to be over so i can sleep and feel better     loss of sleep tends to make you not function         that's what happened     ugh
is finding it hard to sing a high c after just eating a hamburger        knew i shouldn't have done that              oh well at least my play practice is going good!
is ready for a day off of everything!
just got back from senior fun day !! it was epic!
was getting followed home by a creepy dude  decided to run home instead of let him catch up to me! fun day today! not 
the sun has gone to bed and so must i  goodbye!
kinda in pain because of my dumb braces       anyone gots any yogurt?? that would make me happy!
so today was pretty eventful so far     i woke up! and then i walked to school     and then          i did absolutely nothing! yay! boredom is fun sometimes     especially when there's the play and school and chores and work  fun times      but the good news is basically i woke up today so    best part ever today!
really wants to just go back to bed and sleep      don't know why im <propfemale> tired      ugh     maybe cuz im getting sick      not good     have play practice
"only has two more days of school to go!!!!! yay!!! a week more of seminary, and three more days til we start performing the play!! and it's <propfemale> today!! this is starting to be a good week!!"
haha my face loves the three days i don't have to wear makeup!
gets to go play in the orchestra for my friends' graduation!! yay for them! i still don't graduate til next week! so at least i have their's to celebrate!
is going to try not to talk today       strep throat is not fun and so i don't want to get it!
"needs to find a job! maybe if i take the bus, i can get a job at red robins       maybe          gotta see if it works      "
"just went to my first single's park night       it was fun! saw my friend that i haven't seen in 5 years, got stuck on top of a rock wall, and got rained on        no im not being sarcastic, i really had fun!"
mom and <propfemale> decided to start yelling at each other at 8 in the morning       really tired       got to bed at 12 smile 0ish maybe 1 because of a certain guy that shall remain nameless           see that <propmale> you don't have a name haha sorry
haha so i was about to turn off my phone for the night and give up on my phone ringing when it finally rang! its a good night    
any and all people who have my cell # just to let you know my mom took my phone so don't call my cell! haha yeah i'll try to call all u people later!!
is getting my computer taken away because they think i locked my mom off the computer on purpose       it's just that my computer has a problem so it will only show those on it that use it the most often      ugh     
is sad that youth conference is over and it was my last one           crying            oh well i got the singles <propmale>            smile   but i'll still miss my friends!! sad day but also good day so i guess it's all bittersweet! see all my friends later! promise!!
just got a job!!! you all should congratulate me! hahaha jk you don't have to but it's gonna be fun!
didn't remember how much she liked the movie national treasure! <propfemale> good!!
is confused         some of her friends are having a good day and the other half are not          am very comfused at why some of her friends don't have a good day just living      ??
"just got off work! it was really fun!! should do that more often i think       and i don't care what people say, my feet don't hurt! weirdos! haha jk!"
is really tired and not feeling <propfemale> good but i still have to go to work         sad            well maybe not       smile  it's still fun so i shouldn't be sad       ok yeah if i can get over not feeling good i'll be good      smile 
has her first day off and is soooooo bored! might go see a movie      don't know      would rather be making money      and tips    hehe
"is getting ready to go to the overnighter and have lots of fun! work was fun! talking to my friend for almost an hour was fun! and believe it or not, cleaning while listening to musi was fun! haha so it's a good day and looking forward to the overnighter!"
gets to work tommorow!! yay!!!
is really tired from staying up late and then getting up suuper early       ugh! 2 smile 0am to 6am      not fun       ready for bed!
was up coughing most of the nite cuz i forgot to take cough medicine       now im getting ready for work    get to work my shift and then be pm on call too       it's gonna be a good day          so how's everyone else?
"went to the doctor and found out i have bronchitis, came home and slept for 4 hours       it was amazing       the medication i think is helping but i still feel like i died       oh well it'll get better      "
is sick of being sick       wanna go play in the sun
hahaha why is it that i feel better today than i did yesterday when i started taking the medication?? funny stuff that     
slept in til 1pm today      guess i was really tired        not ready for work today cuz i still am coughing up a lung but oh well work is fun so i'lll get over it  smile      
tried to chat with two people and they got offline when i started talking to them       u'd think they don't like me               i wonder         no that can't be it             can it?          no jk!
"ok       it's an hour before the surgery        if i don't come out       i wanted to say thanks to everyone for being my friend on facebook and off, and i wanted to say adeui to them all!!!!                                         i sound very dramatic right?? well i will probably be out of commission for the next couple days so don't try to talk to me       sorry! love ya!"
is thinking all this milk that i have to take for the medication is making me feel sick       very lactose-intolerant apparently       ugh        so having fun       yep      
is almost done going thru my *stuff* and realized that i don't have almost anything        most of my boxes right now are full of books       so 3 out of 5           i need a bookshelf           would totally be able to pick up and move out now if i had to         like to college           fun stuff          miss my friend sorcha hazelton       love you girl!
is not really wanting to go to work       would rather paint the room      but have to wait for <propfemale> to do that       haha oh well      i have friends at work so i will be good haha
made it back into town an hour ago       doesn't really like driving for 2-4 1 2 hours        even if i was switching off       when i got home i really realized how tired i was           ugh
heaven just got back an amazing person who loved life to the fullest and was always out in it rather than sitting on the sidelines watching  we will see you up there <propfemale>!
is going to work today to earn some more moolah! yay! and i get to see all my amazing friends haha        the ones that will laugh with me if a balloon blows up in my face       haha that already happened last night!
my day off is tommorow but alas i need to go to a funeral so it won't be a day off      but what better way to spend one than to help a family grieve for a loved one? really? it'll be a good day by the end of it      sad but good 
wow       27 of my friends are online right now       what is wrong with the general population? does no one like sleep anymore?? im about to go to bed      what about the rest of them??
"is going to bed now! if anyone objects     they can deal with a girl who's had 4 hours of sleep on average every night so im cranky       haha not really, im just weird when i get tired so goodnight world!"
is debating on wether or not to eat more noodles       darn hard decisions!
time for work! yay!
off to work again! man i think it's taking over my life! haha well the money's not bad tho     niether are the people so gotta go!
's day off was sooo blissful       loved being at work to get paid and not work that day! haha love it!        now tommorow on the other hand       haha jk back to work!
is soooo happy to have two days off! has lots of stuff she has to do before this guy shows up at her house       haha never gonna tell what im talking about!
is excited to go <propfemale> out with friends for once      tho the guy i was supposed to go <propfemale> out with today didn't call me      that's stupid      oh well i'll see him at work today so it'll be good      wow im weird     
s  u  n   !!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!
after working a double at work is definitely ready to go to bed! yay!
22 of my friends are still online at midnite      what is wrong with my friends? haha jk and before anyone asks i just got on to see if i had an email from work     im getting off now so don't worry haha  smile 
thinks that voting makes everyone crazy       i don't like it! these are all issues that should all stay under the rug on a regular day       haha as u can probably tell i don't like politics      ugh
its amazing ho much time i have when im not at work! haha so everyone def  needs to look up or watch this song       
totally did not know that <propfirst> schmidt was mormon and how cool all his songs are!
this is the longest i've been online since i got a job       wow i feel lazy     gonna get off now haha
yay!
"is <propfemale> excited to spend time with her friend tommorow! lots happened this week       crosstrained to be a busser, learned how to drive a stickshift, went on a date, and got friday and saturday off! its been a good week!"
is having wayy too much fun living life! 4 days off work this last week and then having fun with friends and the little people! good times! now i get to go back to work and have fun with friends again! hahaha wow i love life!
is ready for bed      why am i still up this late? ugh     haha jk im just fine but do need to go to bed     gots work in the morning      
"i love having fun! i haven't <propmale> out with my siblings in <propfemale> long and then <propfirst> was over too and i was having wayy too much fun! then i took that fun and went to work so my friend and i figured out that there were 4 \girl\"" bussers working that night even tho (shhh) there were only two girls and technically 2 guys      but they both scream like girls so there!"""
"is sad that i had to work today     love having sundays off but it didn't happen today      sad  oh well i did have fun tho eating dinner and listening to \some guy\"" play guitar haha it was a really good day """
i wanna get better and go to work and see my friends and go to school and have fun and live life to the fullest and not have 3 days off this week and finish writing my book and just do all the lord has for me to do  the most important is the last one   smile 
someone once told me that the secret to the best relationships is to try and outserve the other person     i think he was right
met someone last night that looked really familiar but can't for the life of me figure out where i know him from      gosh darn memory! i hate that
idk how im gonna do this       ugh        its not working        grrrrrrrrrrr 
yay!!! i am going to see sorcha hazelton in an hour!! haven't seen her in almost 5 months! dang! haha she's my other sister!
is not feeling good today     my stomach hates me today and i just wanna curl up in a ball and take a nap       or take a hot shower and then take a nap      sounds good rite?
ugh      has a secret but can't tell anyone yet cuz she hasn't put it up here yet      ugh                                         i think i need to get a life and keep busy so i won't tell people     haha now u guys are interested huh? too bad!
is having a good relaxing day       i hope it lasts  smile  wish me luck!
dang i wish someone sent me flowers! this girl just keeps getting flowers like everyday
is feeling lots better today! went to dinner with my parents at two diff  times haha that was fun     sat at red <propfirst> for more than 2 hours and 45 minutes omgosh! fun stuff     i was being illegal  playful 
a day off from work     now its time to do laundry and dishes and make dinner and clean my room and rake leaves       wow that seems like a lot of work for a day off      playful  not sure i like it haha jk
is getting excited for tonite!! cant wait! see everyone there!!  laugh 
welcome back winter once again!      the snowflakes fall gently to the ground     but i keep u warm! love that song! love winter!
is going to go get ready for work and then be in the sun long enuf to get to work and then be inside until the sun is down below the mountains      how sad      but i'll enjoy being at work today  smile  cuz im feeling better today so its a good day!
is ready to go out and eat for once      wants to but doesnt want to hint to certain people      *hint hint* pst pst i really wanna go do something on my day off      but first i gotta find out when my day off is haha
getting bombarded by little children and can't focus on filling out my insurance waiver like im supposed to be doing rite now so i can register for classes! aarrgghh!! so frusterating!
going to go see <propmale> potter!!! haha yes im bragging!
so        getting ready for work     trying to get everyone i know to <propfemale> out with me before i leave       and have exactly 31 days now til i leave the state for college!
is getting <propfemale> annoyed with tech support    theyve transfered me so many times that it finally disconnected and i had to start all over again! ive been on hold for 15 minutes and they said it would only take 8 minutes! darn people who can't figure out the problems!
would love to be on the show the amazing race     but alas no one wants to do it with me     sad day  sad 
is <propfemale> excited! i get to go to the <propfemale> tonite for the first <propmale> ive had in a year!
i think im going crazy  thought i saw a great green man walking round the neighborhood      idk but it was weird! i shoulda taken a pic !
is totally ready for my recital to be here and done cuz i love christmas music and i wanna sing it! anyone wanna come to it??? i would love u too!!
<propfemale> excited for school! 20 days til i leave the state!
is really mad rite now! and anyone who asks why can just go jump off a <propmale>  the person who made me mad    u know what u did!
"today was my last day at red <propfirst>      sadly i didnt get to see and say goodbye to all of my friends today      well bye guys! luv u! \now time to finish packing     and keep things from distracting me     especially a really hard thing that might make me cry     but oh well    gots lots of packing to do  smile "
is almost ready to leave the state      some last minute packing and goodbyes to friends and i will be good if i dont end up crying      sad 
"why is no one that i havent said bye to on facebook rite now!?! i would love to talk to sorcha hazelton , <propfemale> clough , summer christiansen <propfirst> <propmale> , and chelseeyee <propfemale> wayde !! where r u guys?? i wanna say goodbye but ur not here!!"
8 5 hrs til my plane takes off     6 5 til i have to be at the airport    this is my last post on facebook from alaska ! at least for 7 months  playful  so what to say?? love u guys! next post from washington! peace!
¨er and thru th woods  playful 
"dear mister sun, \thank you for shining and actually being warm  smile  it makes me love you   "
highlight of the day: i went to the beach today!
day 8: today was the first day of classes  it was really fun but i had 6 classes today with only an hr and half break in the middle  cant wait to start hmwk  playful 
my first friday as a college student and i have no plans at all! not even homework to do! haha its <propfemale> exciting  playful 
is really liking today  got to go to devotional and am listening to music before i go to my last class then watching remember the titans with friends  joyful 
today was a good day at the <propfemale>  joyful 
totally mastered one of my fears today! today was a great day!
i totally take back all those times i really didnt want to take a nap      man right now i wish i could  gnite world!
sang a song in church on sunday and now gets to sing it again to those friends of mine that were not in town and being slackers  playful  jk i love u guys!  smile 
wants to be done with homework for tonite but it just keeps coming  playful  ugh haha jk
