504a5a10cf4b8dca65553a93ee7e1cb5
"lazy sunday, wake up in the late afternoon "
i can't believe soph  year is already pretty much over  good year guys! haha 
headache  sad 
is at yearbook camp 
october 16th  owl city and thesceneaesthetic!!? who wants to go with me??  smile 
2 am runs for icecream   my favorite  smile 
textsfromlastnight com
i miss <propfemale> <propfemale>     annoyed 
hmmmmmm  
awesome 
its so beautiful over here 
"if cats could talk, they wouldn't "
bumbershoooooooooooot 
bumbershoot was awesome!
im still awake  wtffff
owl city is sold out  crying 
i can't wait 'til i never have to see you again 
"i hate to say this, but    "
so    i miss everyone 
i told you that i'm crazy bout these cupcakes cousin 
after 6 weeks i'm finally ungrounded   smile 
"-if you are reading this, whether we speak often or not, post a comment of your first memory of you and me  when youve finished, post this paragraph on your own status  its fun reading about what people remember about you "
got purple vans  smile 
ohmygoodnesss  
dont meth around 
hmmmmm smile 
<propfemale> neighbors
4 8 15 16 23 42
woow  total dejavu  sad 
zunehd omg!
 sad 
im such a ho
my name is supposed to be <propfemale>
yayyy i'm getting cable finallyyyyyy  and lost is on in one week   smile 
just close your eyes and i'll meet you there 
4 8 15 16 23 42  smile   smile   smile 
oh my god  i knew the smoke monster was trouble 
this weekend was funnnnnn  smile 
#32 enjoy the little things 
i pretty much wish i was doing track
*n* oone *e* ver *r* eally *d* ies
i have omphalophobia 
"and when i see you, u?op ?p?sdn no? ??s ?????? ?"
death cab for cutie is my favorite    smile 
i am starting to get anxious about tuesday  
surgery tomorrow at 1 smile 0  then lost at 9 if i'm awake haha 
today was craaazy but i made it  smile 
it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia!
"the distance is quite simply much too far for me to row, it seems farther than ever before"
i would prefer not to
seriously 
don't worry about it 
"the one person that i hate is now dead, not sure how i feel about that "
the rest of this year is going to go by so fast 
"i dont understand why i get my hair cut, i just end up hating it afterwards  ohhhh well, im going biking tomorrow  smile "
"lost , only two episodes left"
4 1 2 hours of lost  so great
youve got to be kidding me  haaaha
 sad 
can someone give me the time
"my uncle got me a new bike, it's beautiful  duthie hill is so awesome"
i totally would 
 annoyed 
i really hate being sick  annoyed 
if i don't die or worse i'm gonna need a nap
forever always seems to be around when things begin
i just love how i wake up at 3 smile 2 like every single night and can't go back to sleep  annoyed 
i really don't remember the last time i smiled this much   smile   smile 
welllll i hate not having insurance  i just want to drive everywhere 
mariners game with my favorite cousin? yeaah man!
about to cross into that place where they play hockey and drink <propfemale> syrup  bye  smile 
soooo i guess i walk too fast
"weeell i guess if you like this status i'll tell you what i like dislike  my first impression and a confession, hahah "
tyedyeing shirts  so sick
the gift of memory's an awful curse 
"just got home from seeing inception with jennica kreger & <propfirst> wrigg and i already want to go see it again  best movie of all time, of all time!"
"you go have a good time, bring back stories, i will stay behind "
yearboook caaaaaaaamp
leave the drama at the door  seriously 
i like coming home to a clean rooom  maybe i should just keep it clean all the time hahah
 annoyed 
i had a fantastic night with my favorite aunt  smile  we saw a guy named <propmale> who had a big head and was frirnds with some monstrrs 
what does @<propfirst> neighbors do for a klondike bar? 9 hours of <propmale> labor  what do i do? pay him 2 dollars  who got the better deal? hahaha 
well guess who finally got a real job  smile   smile   smile 
"this isn't even a joke, i am pissed "
what a freakin day     annoyed \
"i've been busy lately, i like it    smile "
ooooooooooooooooooooooookay  annoyed 
"i have had the craziest past couple of days, you don't even know  hahah "
"finally got insurance, so now i can finally drive, did i say finally yet? ahh"
"working, driving, paying for stuff, not sick anymore,  i feel like a real person now! hahah"
i just hate my car's battery  it always has problems  but i love <propfemale> pearson !
"i hate how when you finally realize something, it's too late "
"just watching training day with my bro, no biggie  warped tour is in 3 days!  smile "
i feel so gangster when i listen to nwa 
waaaaarpedtour 
"i love you one, two, three should be two, four is more than i can afford and i know someday that i'm gonna say the truth, i love you five "
"oh heyy since i haven't posted this yet  annoyed 1  garcia -por la clase de espanol 5\2  hodgins - honors cwi\3  fry - american lit\4  chilson  smile  - yearboook\5  berg - ap psych\6  riffel - personal finance?"
"\i feel like i look better with music\"" hahahahaha"""
sometimes i just like to talk with an accent 
there's nothing like sleeping in and starbucks on a saturday 
"what i used to be will pass away and then you'll see, that all i want now is happiness for you and me"
sooo i left my zune at work  ksdjfahkdfjghadkfjg i'm dying   annoyed 
i have been to the er way more times than someone my age should 
don't \\die a duplicate 
i just want to listen to music   sad 
sometimes i've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast 
thinking about switching to the dark side     
bblackkeyslblackkeysablackkeyscblackkeyskblackkeyskblackkeyskblackkeyseblackkeysyblackkeyssblackkeys!
i am i am i am 
perfect timing  
you write such pretty words
i love extreme pita 
first day of work and i'm already making huge sales  gotta love ittt!
busy busy busy
let's find some beautiful place to get lost
oh my god my mom was just in an accident    please be okay
i wish i wasn't allergic to everything annoyed 
"just watching the national dog show, ya know it's whatevaa  haha i don't want to work overnight  annoyed  at least i'll have <propfemale> <propfemale> straume with me  smile "
postthis on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffers from being a wsu cougar fan  being a cougar is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for coug flu andsympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  100% of cougar fanswon't repost this because they    don't know how to copy and paste  apple cup 2010!!!! do it for locker!
i hate when people put a u in neighbors  neighbours is not right 
"i don't know me and you don't know you, so we fit so good together cause i knew you like i knew myself"
i forgot to remember  
all the true things i'm about to tell you are shameless lies 
you just never know when a fake cop is gonna steal your motorcycle
"your kid is not that hilarious    kids are always funny, didn't you learn that from <propmale> cosby?"
<propfirst> gordon-levitt movie marathon after work  smile 
was that a sneeze or were you trying to beatbox?
"just chillin in my snuggie, waiting for my flight to hawaii  smile "
i feel like i'm on the set of lost
"and while you all were at school, i was swimming and standing under a waterfall  what an e playful erience"
garmina you are such a liar
not so ready to go back to 40 degree weather
"wake up, it's no use pretending "
"\yeah\""   - usher c  2004"""
i'm amazed breathing isn't too mainstream for you 
"two big changes tonight, this sucks"
it's late and i'm tired of feeling so tired
my fingertips are sore but i learned two new songs so it's okay
so it goes 
<propfirst> dabbagh beat me at scrabble     twice   annoyed 
i could never do stand up 'cause i tell jokes better when i'm sitting 
someone still loves you <propmale> yeltsin
and if the devil is 6
it's like they just hired every band i have ever wanted to see and put them all in the same festival!
guess who just won freaking sassquatch tickets!!!!!!!
may 27th    i can hardly wait!
you should probably go see the <propmale>'s speech 
"i used to live in a heartbeat city, i swear i'd fall in love every minute on the street "
lol i have a penis
codes and keys - may 31st
but you don't really care for music do you
one time out of ten everything is perfect for us all
i swear we just e playful erienced a horror setting at school  but i guess that's what i get for being there this late on a sunday   
i am a visitor here
i'm tired of pretending like i'm not a total freakin rockstar from mars
"and when the cold, the dark and the silence come, it's like a sudden rush of water through your heart and lungs "
"i hate moving, my room is so empty "
"we graduate in 1,870 hours "
does anyone want to help us move on saturday?  smile  free pizza!
i do not want to work today 
well it's almost time to wake up    who needs sleep anyways?
we're all so funny but he's lost his joke now
my new car has a tape deck and the only tapes i own are <propmale> and backstreet boys  hmmmmm  
