af15e1956237f6ff109f66d167b136db
"ok, so pdg gold downloaded and installed   and its 0346 in the morning!  damn time zone switch!  studying starts monday!  hmmm tech!"
"its a good thing today was not a work day for me, as there was a glitch with iphone alarms  mine never went off for today   heres hoping it works tomorrow like they say it will!   playful "
loves her jj
loves my friends
thanks for all the birthday wishes!   smile 
it will all work out in the end  
knows her future!  and its great
"ok ok, i got nothin"
how come you can have so many different emotions run through your head at one time and still feel like you know nothing?  stupid stupid   
"let me know, do i still got time to grow?  things aint always set in stone   let me know, let me know "
can you human traffic a heart?  whats the price to get it back??
"so i give my son some advice today and i was like holy shit, i think i should listen to myself!  crazy when the words of wisdom come out "
"focus, relax, breathe, faith"
"focus, relax, breathe, faith"
off to germany     the next chapter begins
"thx to my fam for sitting at the airport for 3 hours!  crazy dogs, and lots of bags   seeing aiden and his pop pop cry was rough!  miss you <propmale>!"
in germany    trying to focus and breathe
inprocessed the sq   im officially here
new iphone and snow in germany   now just need the new 3 series  laugh 
"spent 8 bucks on a cab ride to the bx, then i find out there is a shuttle for tlf that does it for free!  oh well   aiden got a new toy besides his ds, yay!"
"so, need to go look at houses so i can get out of tlf right?  how do i get to them if i dont have a car and cant even drive until i get my usaeur license, on the 17th?????"
"really wishes she wouldve called the daycare lady yesterday   o rtalked to her when she picked up aiden, even though the kids were sleeping   just tried her and the permanent spot was filled yesterday!!  she was nice and aiden liked it   wth was i thinking?!  this blows   there is no one else around ramstein base   have to look 15 minutes away now, and hope the cdc spot opens soon!!!"
pretty sure i found my house in germany   these things go like crazy over here!
"good day in germany, but my new town looks like the boonies!  lol, oh well!  its cute!"
atrophex makes me happyyyyyyyyyyyyy!
"so, cdc daycare price laugh 68 a month, home providers and <propmale> economy= 460-580!  cdc is full, im screwed!"
"yay, passed the <propmale> diving test, so now its time to learn how to drive my stick rental!!!   playful "
"ok, redo   passed the <propmale> driving test, now its time to learn to drive stick, thank you very much  smile "
"i feel like i have been running around all day, when i was only out from 10-2   it was the damn stalling in traffic circles and red lights with 6 cars behind you!  all on a base where i have no idea where im driving!  hope tomorrow is better"
"ok, the search for a sitter is still on, stick wasnt too bad today and i really want to know whats up with my stomach   i cant eat or do anything without feeling nauseous!  stupid <propmale> stomach bug "
prolly should be driving this damn stick more huh?!
"all finished my homework, movie and wine time before bed!   smile "
everything is finally falling into place   comms are open   now just missing one thing!   wink 
"ok, time to calm down and relax   took the dogs out to pee, left the house key upstairs, aiden sneaks out and follows, and closes the door   automatic locks     luckily i had my car key on me and my id   so me, aiden and the dogs pile into the car and drive to billeting to get a spare   and its the wrong one!  so back we go and get another   but finally inside and hour and stress later   that is all "
"had a good girl's night, even with my drawing on my face!   playful   who wouldve known there would be that many cool girls in one place"
"blue's monday, and a broken rental car   stupid starter, yay for <propfemale>!"
one more day and i get my house!  guess im doing furniture on my own!   playful   *you know who you are!
happy easter!!
so bought the kid a portable dvd player in the <propmale> economy and forgot about dvd region codes   does not play us dvd's  back to saturn it goes  thank goodness for laptops!  smile 
so bored in this house with nothing to do!
so my road is narrow as hell and there was a car parked on the middle of it   so reversed into a lil spot w a ledge  some guy outside is pointing and speaking in german  pretty sure i just got yelled at!  playful 
"so tmo movers just finished, didn't want to unpack but they did  smile  now i have a room full of stuff to put away!"
best way to start a morning heading to work?   doing 100 on the autobahn!!
"got the tv and ps3 hooked up to a transformer and me and the boy are watching the sandlot, sitting in one pappillion chair  good, fun times!  smile "
easy tear cheese pouch for kraft <propmale> n cheese  almost broke my nail and tooth
finally has internet!  just took me an hour translating <propmale> line by line on my iphone to figure out what to do for registration on the telekom site!  celebration time by visiting some pages and shopping!   laugh 
missing something
vin number for new 2011 bmw?  check!   laugh 
"tell me why my rental car, which is parked on my hill driveway w  the e-break up, rolled into my neighbors car?!  no damage tho!  pheww!"
very fun night at the landstuhl festival   aiden loved it   thanks kat!!
well its almost another monday   fits my mood exactly 
"sometimes you just gotta let things go, even though it hurts   heal yourself before you begin again, right?  you will only become stronger  "
thank you <propfemale> for making me dinner 
"if you dont know me, dont pretend you can anticipate my feelings or know what im thinking   those that do, im glad to be able to call you my friends and i can count you on two hands   but the main spot hasnt changed and it wont   thank you "
"if i breathe, i can make today a good day  "
"oh my, facebook from work     all i can say is wow"
"yay!, feels so good to pick up weights again! low weight and reps but it's been since december so it's a start!  smile "
"ok, so two crappy things right now   sucky slow <propmale> dsl internet (need to go see them) and aiden's fake ol cryin in his bed 50 minutes past bed time   oh yea, fun times  smile "
just don't know
"don't try to watch grey's anatomy with a 5 year old, they ask to many questions for a doctor show, and if i'm gonna get back in shape, i need to stay away from all the <propmale> bread and pretzels!!  playful "
"right now i'm gonna go tell the state if ohio i'm not carrying an id anymore, because everyone should know who i am!  *for you <propfemale>! glee!!  playful "
yup
"nice day in germany, putting together a bunk bed, but still, something is missing"
        
so finally finished bunk bed after me and <propfemale> had to make a couple holes of our own and got a knock on the door   seems one of the kids let <propmale> out and he was down at the soccer fields with a bunch of germans and food!  what a sunday!
why is it my emotions are relegated to the back of the line?  where's my concern? seems my daruma is taking a break  
at least i can breathe
the <propmale> weather is fickle like my moods right now       playful 
can i sleep like rip <propfirst> winkle until my future is decided?  just give me the end result so i can press   
"this silence will be deafening, heavy enough to crush "
"this time tomorrow, i will have a gorgeous blue 2011 bmw sitting in my rainy <propmale> driveway!"
my bmw has arrived!
"omg, <propmale> ate an effing dead baby bird that i didn't want to pick up   in two bites   i heard it, it was gross!"
"congrats to <propfemale> for making master under 11 years! good girl, your friends and family are proud!!"
it's been a good week  smile 
"so made my first phone call while driving in the bmw! pressed the voice button, said phone book, kat, they asked call kat, i said yes and i got kat!!   playful "
on my way to <propfirst> with <propfemale> and the kids  smile 
home from <propfemale>!  now to see what the dogs have done    
"happy 5th birthday aiden <propfirst> olsen!  the best man in my life, i love you!"
so stupid <propmale> internet is not working and i can't find anyone at telekom that speaks english    sad  i don't know how to fix it    thank god for my iphone
meh
so i miss pedicures in korea!  so much more e playful ensive and no frills in germany!  i miss the hot towels and leg massage   oh well   
"if you work through all of your todays, the time will go by before you know it   and the future is totally worth it!   smile "
sitting at ikea with a bunch of stuff while my friends go pick up a rental truck   thank you <propfemale> and mash!!
it is what it is!
two things:  just saw a dude in a dress suit on a moped   suit up or shut up?! and just discovered a short cut on one of my driving detours after two months   now each way is four minutes instead of ten!
"pushing forward to the inevitable, progress is good!"
meh   
meh  
rock band!    chyeaa!
watching the <propmale> horror picture show with <propfemale> after pizza at moni's!   smile 
off to frankfurt for greek and cirq de soleil!
can i fast forward through all the crappy parts of the movie to get to the happy ending?   
no words
all the obstacles are worth the reward in the end
"can someone please tell me the plan?  cuz for the life of me, i cant seem to remember "
"its like those big trucks you dont see coming    only you kinda did, just thought you could make it "
sooo   last night i was doing a homework paper on a pathophysiological system   took me 20 minutes to even figure out what that was!   
off on my mommy and aiden date to lunch and a movie!
death by spider almost happened in the car   but i got him first 
"its amazing im not bald, with all the hair i find in my drain!  gross, i know   "
still have a battle wound from dodgeball   darned disney princesses!
bbq was good times!  now off to ikea and commissary with the boy 
just let it be and let it go  !
tonight seems like a good night to clean the floors in heels while listening to beyonce!   smile 
"just got the biggest full body workout ever   chasing dog through 3 yards, jumping 2 fences, then carrying said 30lb dog back over fences and yard  in sandals and i got a <propmale> horse!"
mmmmm  cantina!!
hmmmm
just had a soda and it was amazing    dr  pepper to be precise 
british rappers are hilarious but i love the song be good to green (mr  green ft <propfemale> <propfirst>)  he looks like the slightly dorky boy who is a crazy drunk w tattoos!  haha
hmmm
"just had my day made by my <propmale> neighbors and their friends  i let them use my extra parking for 3 days and i come to a bottle of wine, choc and a note on my door   totally fixed my down south mood  smile "
"so, <propfemale> has been in germany for a year and a half and just now got that ausfarht sounds like ass fart    so what was the point of all those jokes about that word?   ohhh!"
tattoo time
"sooo, kinder has only been going for two weeks and i already have to go in for a parent teacher conference because he is diseuptive in class!  find out how severe next wednesday!!"
sitting at bakery after dropping aiden off at school  mani pedi in an hour  least it's a day off!
blizzak lm25 run flat tires w  bmw rims ordered  smile 
so i remembered this morning that not having my reflective belt on would be a crappy thing during the inspection   hooray shiny yellow plastic!
95   woop woop 
"got an \a\"" on my school paper that i thought i knew nothing about"""
so    my kid decides today he wants braces!  lol!
getting ready to watch the league
code word: this weather sucks!
half a paper done on the microbial metabolic environmentla growth of salmonella enterica done!  now just gotta do the same for stapylococcus aureus!!   playful 
haha so i'm reading cosmo and it turns out it's the bachelor edition  they asked them if they manscape!  i find that hilarious and that some said no!  ewww
"mmmmmm!  chicken tenders, fries and   wine!  lol"
hooray!!  no flu shot for aiden  he got the mist and still asked for a sticker!
"too much taco, appetizer sampling and fried iced cream!  all topped off with a mango <propfemale> "
ok  new kanye west and <propfemale> minaj  aaaaahhh! i'm a motha f@ckin monsta!   playful 
"so aiden just says \mommy i'm going to stab my weiner w  my gun!\""  i say don't do that and his response?  \""why not?! i'm the boss of my weiner!!\"""""
wishes people would own their shit  smile 
"oh ikea, how i love you!  you take my breath away!  playful "
sooo i've had my beautiful 328i since may and i just now found out you can't open the gas tank when your cars locked   n there i thought it iced over for about three minutes!   playful 
maloneys has real toilet papepr    the harp doesn't   
"another weekend down and 21 days until me and aiden go see the fam! shopping, vigilia, christmas and food! swiss colony sissy!"
"\im on a diet but my pockets eatin cheesecakke!!\"""""
"well, aiden and i put up a few meager christmas decorations i bought today but it's a start!  this living room finally looks like a place you would want to be!  tv, couches set up, us and the dogs!  smile "
"so get to cdc to get aiden and they call him on the walkies to sign out  nothing  they say maybe he's outside  tell them nope, saw him on the ramp inside when i got here  start to get mad cuz they're taking forever and didn't call him again  as i'm asking should i just walk room to room, he comes out of the bathroom!  he was in there for the whole time, 10 minutes!"
"the only laugh from my homework on sars and characteristics of viral infections:  viral infections may spread through air, water, food, through skin contact or through sexual contact; such a spread is called horizontal   \how bad is it that it actually amused me??"
ivvhhjxjemjcmx cmzmxnf!!!!
b_ _ _ _ _ _l
oh the joys of having a day off work but still getting up at 0600 so you can take your kid to school  *sigh*
"just carried a 36\ old school tv from 2002   from the basement out into my car  thought i was gonna hurt my poor babies door!  i'm pooped!  lol"""
"no more lies, i can see them through your eyes, one day we will see the master plan, but right now all i know is, i can"
haha ewww!!  i totally threw my phone in the garbage when i was cleaning!  just had to go outside and dig in the garbage bag!  thank god it didn't fall down to the food nastys!  was with a bunch of papers!
"so, sandals i couldn't find since i pcs'd here in march   tht i left in tlf   just found em in a small spot in suitcase!  yay  here's to waiting 5 more months to wear them!  playful "
"so, landstuhl closed it's main gate and trying to get off   pause (happy?!)    is super hard  but i totally by passed a crap ton of cars"
nemo's not very fond of the smoke alarm     
"thanks <propmale> davidson for introducing me to failbook com lmao\and to breon m <propfirst> for showing me how to put people's names in my status!  hahahahaha"
gonna make pizza for dinner with aiden!  smile 
"\you got me thinking twice to just breathe   but i got a couple a tricks up my sleeve   i know longer need your attention   at ease \"""""
off to the airport for a trip home to the states  thanks for all your help <propfemale>!!!  love 
made it to b-more about 2 hours ago   had to get settled and access to internet!   smile 
side swept bangs or no??
has a phenomenal <propfemale> <propfirst> song in my head
hahhahahahahahha! all i got!   smile 
deserves the best!  nuff said!  laugh 
\you're my devil, you're my angel \af15e1956237f6ff109f66d167b136db,toast for the douchebags   on repeat in my brain
last full day in the states
just made it back to germany  smile 
got a new corkscrew  i can actually open wine bottles now!  it is my new best friend
welp   whatev 
test date:  17mar11   not too bad!
aiden and mommy's first ever trip alone in germany!  off to koln on sunday!  laugh 
back from cologne with aiden   we had fun and he became a photographer  playful   now its time for me   for real   the season needs to change!   wink 
"so, studying pdg gold, and was super excited to see a question about my current job as the ra!  i got it right  smile "
"\i threw it on the ground!! my dad is not a phone!!  duuh!\"""""
when did i cross the line that cleaning my car became therapeutic and relaxing?!  i love my car  smile 
"someone may have went on a eating spree and consumed four berliner donuts  i'm going to regret this in about an hour  and on monday, it won't happen again!"
meh 
holy throwback   listening to the korn self titled album and loving it
so!  i was super excited to find out its bulk trash pickup   when exactly?  i dont know but my neighbors have been putting stuff out all day and the next village has tons out!  so i empty my basement of all my remaining junk from hhg storage  yay!!   
"phenomenal workout!  the dumpster divers came back, glass of wine and i'm happy   all and all a good day!!"
11 months in germany and i finally have afn!   playful 
"i'm more than just a number\hey, hey, hey\i doubt you’ll find another\hey, hey, hey\so every single summer\hey, hey, hey\i be the one that you remember"
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  on fb and at work!   smile 
"again  \'i'm more than just a number\hey, hey, hey\i doubt you’ll find another\hey, hey, hey\so every single summer\hey, hey, hey\i be the one that you remember'"
tickets purchased    off to rome in 20 days!!
who gets teary eyed at the end of nanny mcphee returns?!  this girl!  lmao!
meh
<propmale> wine and drake
"so just made an awesome dinner  had no idea what i was gonna do  but three together whole wheat pasta, chicken, garlic, summaries tomatoes and <propfemale> oil!  delicious!!"
"so  aidens in the shower, listening to drake; miss me  all of a sudden aiden goes <propfemale> minaj?!?!  is that his girlfriend?!  she sings too, ya know!"
o m g    so hyper    damn you atrophex and me just being awesome at my job!  it still has me pumped!  maybe this wine will help me out   playful 
                       
baby you're a firework    
"\you so anti dont not matter  you so you so anti  \""!!!"""
just realized tomorrow is valentines day       
"so it's valentines day and i'm gonna love myself and be conceited!  yea, i'm hot, what?!  playful  happy valentines day to meeee!"
good day  smile 
wine and study time!!
*sigh* pretty car again!!   laugh 
tour of the vatican booked!
meh  whatever
life goes on    and i go to rome
annd were off!  <propfemale> in two hours!!  laugh 
back from an awesome trip in <propfemale>!!!
wonderful day!!   laugh 
totally proud of my 60% on my first pdg gold review test!!
" laugh \whatever whatever and that means yay!!  smile "
chyeaa!! a 91% on my second practice test!!!
\there's a fire starting in my heart,\af15e1956237f6ff109f66d167b136db,wow  watching jersey shore for my first time ever with jayd presnell-keating!
"the best part? i'm not even angry  smile \my life has moved on and i realize it took me with it!  smile "
"stupid people make for stupid lives, and jealousy of other people makes for some very sad haters   check ya own shit first bitches!  playful "
tech test tomorrow at 0730 on st  party's day!!!  hope i got my <propfemale> luck on my side!!
"done  smile \with so much!"
so here is my evening with 3 kids   catch <propfirst> say he's making out with a girl (and him and aiden are playing military?!?!)  aiden says your making out?  in the military??!  and now <propfemale> is looking through my v secret catalogue telling me which girls are hot!  and she's four! lol  she then reminds ms that <propfirst> likes hot girls 
haha so my five year old just asked me if i knew <propmale> and the hendersons!!  haha wtf!?
<propfemale> just had to help <propfemale> mechler find where she parked after lunch by driving her through the parking lots  i love my best friend  smile 
my house is moved!!  thank you to everyone who helped meeeee!!  smile 
sleeping in my car while i wait for fmo   
first time ordering taoramino's to my new house  smile 
\welcome to the danger zone \,af15e1956237f6ff109f66d167b136db,just got my first ever spray tan with <propfemale> churchill mechler and <propfemale> <propfemale> griffin!!  smile 
"so, aiden just puked in the middle of the kmcc (bx) in front of the <propmale> restaurant!! lmao  but there was a nice guy en route from the sand who helped out  strangers can be awesome sometimes  and this was my first public puke!!  hahaha"
t-ball!  pictures soon!!
"so i feel like such the soccer mom, only with t-ball   i helped coach aiden's first practice and i volunteered to make the snack schedule  and actually enjoyed it  wtf?!?!  lol  "
"plant down, plant down!!!    aww it broke!"
voldemort can suck it!!
\finally, i can see you crystal clear\af15e1956237f6ff109f66d167b136db,aaahh   homework!  two classes annnnndd      go!
i forgot how many bugs were in germany once the warm weather starts  
so i just get informed by aiden that the only reason he ever said he hated lil gabbi garcia is cuz <propfirst> sings aiden and gabbi sittin in a tree every day and he doesn't like it  but he swears gabbi hates him and wanted me to call her mom and see if it was true!  sooooo cute!!!
t-ball opening day begins
"first four papers for my two classes turned in   module 1 down, 4 more to go  "
sandlot!!!!!!!!!!!
"awesome day!  ran, tattoo idea finalized and bombay with barndee!!  smile "
omg  my lawn became a forest  i need someone to mow it
\like a jersey, jersey \af15e1956237f6ff109f66d167b136db,"annnd  friday, go!"
"so, fell asleep on the couch with aiden and <propfemale>, watching deathly hallows  everyone slept til this morning  enter chocolate croissants and movie finishing time "
i am drawing a blank with this homework  
"omfg i have internet!!!!!!!!!  i know its only temporary, this damn router and they havent set mine up yet but i can do things!    "
i just ate a chocolate filled donut  wtf  i hate you ammera el sawi schmidt!  playful 
it's official  aiden inherited his momma's allergies  icky eyes and all  he just got his first eye drops and nose spray prescription 
