eac891c15db193ab793b70d915c4a992
"snow i miss it, stupid florida y couldnt it snow here it snow in south texas, boooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is so bored
needs neighbors on farmville
is bored : [
is sooo bored  playful 
copy this into your status and see what people rate you: 1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:bangable  6 sad lubhead  7:moody  8 laugh umb  9: spoiled  10:mouthy 11:random  12:hot  13:funny  14:fit  15:amazing  16:tough 17 sad ute  18:bf gf type  19 playful layer  20:the best  21: god loving 22: smart 23: loving 24: loyal 25: trust worthy 26: fake 27: spiritual
just went hunting with my dad soooo much fun but got boring sitting in a re stand for a long time
just got a new i touch case and it is sweeetttttttttt!!!!!!!
u all have it easy for a warm down yesterday at swimming i had to swim a 1300 kick and a 800 swim so mean and we had to swim it in about 40 minutes so tiring and i hate kicking
<propfemale> christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"has to learn to like country music because i am going to related to <propfemale> underwood, woot woot good to have canadian relatives"
"<propfemale> christmas every1, have a <propfemale> jolly good time"
every1 is getting an itouch ugggggggg y
like 93 days until my birthday yah
pacetti bay on wednesday yah (not really) :_(
"hey where did we go, days when the rains came down in the hollow, playin' a new game, laughing and a running hey, hey skipping and a jumping in the <propfemale> morning fog with our hearts a thumpin' and you my brown eyed girl, you my brown eyed girl "
"aruba, jamaica, ooh i wanna take you to bermuda, bahama, come on pretty mama key largo montego, baby why don't we goooh i wanna take you down to kokomo, we'll get there fast and then we'll take it slowthat's where we wanna go, way down in kokomo -beach boys( good song)"
"you're a falling <propfemale>, you're the get away car you're the line in the sand when i go too far you're the swimming pool, on an august day and you're the perfect thing to say  and you play it <propmale>, but it's kinda cute ah, when you smile at me you know exactly what you do baby don't pretend, that you don't know it's true cause you can see it when i look at you  [chorus smile  (cant believe i listen to this song)"
"hey where did we go, days when the rains came down in the hollow, playin' a new game, laughing and a running hey, hey skipping and a jumping in the <propfemale> morning fog with our hearts a thumpin' and you my brown eyed girl, you my brown eyed girl "
uhh study study study for tomorrow great
doesnt get y people put  love  after everything they say
"i got reward day today, four day weekend woo"
"97% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison (<propfirst> cullen from twlight) standing on the top of a skyscraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn saying \do a flip!\"" then copy and paste this as your status  laugh """
"<(\)'s r awesome ppl"""
guess what if u look up liberal in a dictionary it says: willing to discard traditional values    lol
i dare u 2 press the like button 
just found out that his birth stone is a <propfemale> lol
lost his touch and is mad!!
"testing, testing, 1, 2 ugggggggggg"
"is happy bc he got a 100 on mrs  mclaughin's test, got a 94 on a science test, and his current average in math is 86!!!!!!!!!!!"
is really happy bc his average in history and computers is a 99
"huhhhhhhhhhh, i hate hair cuts, but over all i got new clothes!"
 love happy valentines day! love  evry1 love 
i love the color of blue camo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ahhhh my mom washed my phone! yay!!! i get 2 get any1 i want now
does not understand y ppl like <propfirst> bieber its just weird lolz
hates how he gets 50 (no exaggeration) emails from camyoo a day uggg
cos if one day you wake upand find that you're missin' meand your heart start to wonderwhere on this earth i could bethinkin' maybe you come backto the place that we meetand you'd see me waitin' for youat the corner of the street (song of the day)
"man i have a stupid swim meet 2morrow, i had some plans 2 do but nooooooo i have 2 go 2 the swim meet ow well! greatttttttttttt"
mon that is my second great uncle 2 pass away this year life is just so mean  :_(
hellllppppppp with my building in farm ville was not feeling well 2 day
is like soooooooooooooooooo ooo bored its not funny!!!!!! lolz
ok so there goes my wekend uggg dumb baseball why must it rule over my life i mean seriously give me a break a 13 year old boy needs a break every once and awile but what ever when life gives you lemons squeeze them and make lemonade im i right yah thought sooooo  well see yall l8tr gonna be at palencia all day 2morrow
noooooooo i have skool in the morning great but my room was painted over the weekend and now it is a awesome blue but i really dont like the color bluue owell that is what u get for allowing my brother 2 go and pick the color
ello ppl wuz upppppppppppp
on my way 2 swim team yay fun!!!
i just found he funniest <propfemale> evaaaaaaa and im sending it 2 u guys lol
daytonaaaaaaaa for spring breakkkkkkkkkkkkkk sittin on the beachhhhhhhh hahaha lozerssssssssssssq!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haahaa my word wall was flibbertigibbet hhaaaaaaaaaa
who says im shy i will talk 2 some1 for hours
baseball
is bored so like as <propfemale> would say teexxt meeeee
goooooooooooooood morning happy easter  smile 
the blind side is amazing
"had to do a birthday swim and got 2 25 on a 200 im swim and the im is fly, back, breast, and free and i had to do a fifty of each without stopping lost by  5 of a second to some1"
i was called to the deans office man it scared the daylight out of me
im smart!!!!!!! 5 a's and a sad nerve racking b  sad 
has had a stupid blonde moment when <propfemale> woke up from a nap and walked straight into a glass slider door hahaha it hurt
me wants the e playful o
im backkkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i  love  facebook missed it sooooo much and yes my friends 2
"if u would date me click the \like\"" button and if ur brave enough put this as ur status"""
i hate when people don't respond cough (<propfemale>) cough cough man it is very aggravating i mean its not like she cant hear the *plop when a message comes in gosh
my brother is coming from norfolk moms picking him up from the docks yay!!!!!!!!!!
"hates arguments with his bestfriends!   :_( and <propfemale> farmer because of u my thigh hurts realy bad, so bad that i can hardly walk, thanks a lot, im gonna do so bad 2morrow at my swimmeet!! so mad!!!!!!!! but so sad  :_("
is your finger suppost to turn purple???? if not great!!!!!!!!!!!
going for dinner dads birthday not going to swim yay i mean shucks  smile 
apparently im very mean to 2 people so yah what evr
if your my friend like this status!
"is a nerd bc he goes 2 the library in the morning, but, i do talk 2 people instead of playing chess, 1 of his bestfriend is in there every day he is"
taste the rainbow!!! yumm
try to say <propfemale> wristwatch  its impossible
<propmale> gump is awesome
"is working on his best friends birthday gift, planning it with brother  happy almost b-day <propfemale>  wink "
mhmmmmmmmm i luv chocolate if i could i would marry it   ahhhh!  smile 
"just ccame back from the pool was there for seven hours with <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale>  sooo mucch funn!"
peace
swim l8tr yeah! not!!!!!!!!!!!!!
august 21 2010 cant wait!!!!
"thinks this is the dumbest name ever \la-'in (pronounced ladashin)"""
"poke me, if you ever had a crush on me  like this status, if you think i'm cute  inbox me, if you ever wanted a relationship with me  now, lets see who's brave enough to copy & paste this on their status"
summer going to palencia pooll for a party 2night at 5 yahahahahhaha  love  summer
is being stalked!!!!!!!! help me!!!!!!!!!!
me and _________ make a cute couple  post this as your status and see what people say  honestly 
tired urrrrg bord out of his mind )()zzzzzzz
i know i'm asking for trouble put this on your status and see what people rate you (1)crazy (2)wish we went out (3)talkative (4)sarcastic (5)loveable (6)sexy (7)smart ( smile spoiled (9)mouthy (10)wild  (11)goofy (12)funny (13) awsome (14)amazing (15)beautiful (16)cute (17) drama <propfemale> (1 smile bestfriend (19) i want to get to know you better (20) i miss you (21) nice
omg! if your crush says this to you then he she likes you!: http annoyed  tinyurl com death-footage
§dustin•garner§ is amazin!!!!!!!
has stupid <propfemale> science camp for the next 2 weeks great! owell it gets me out of swimming for 2 days
back from church
saw the funniest thing today hahahhahahaha
i hate hackers urrrrrrrrrrrr so if u get weird things from me just ignore them
how long does it take for a ipod to back up urrrgg
ipod 4 0 is amazin!
y do i even trry to be nice to people when all they do is stab u in the back!
did amazing at his swim meet
like this status and i will tell u what i like what i dislike my first impression and a fact about u
urrrrrrrr in a bad mood right now urrrrrrrr hates bipolar people
surfing tomorrow this is gonna be interesting~!~
"sittin on the sidwalk chewin my bubble gum waitin for the train to go woot woot, and along came <propfirst> the worm he was this big and i said <propfirst> what happend, he said well i ate a (random choice of food) then u repeat the cycle ugggggggggggg <propmale> was singing that for 10 minutes strait i was about to strangle him"
29 more days  annoyed 
wow i have to go to a fish house realy? y would i want to go there owell
has make a skype for no reason
omgosh!!! today was so stupid 10 of us had to go to a fish house and it smelt so bad then we went into a fridge and accrost the way we all cramed into a -10 degree freezer it stunk! then we left it and it was 90 degrees so it was a 100 degree temp change in 1 sec! then i almost fell of a dock into oysters  sad  i could have died yah then i almost fell of the peir bc the rail made a creek noise like it was about to break
i hate mowing the lawn so much!!!!!!!
"today was so much fun at salt run, we got to cast net and mess around with the blue crabs ( haha <propmale> got pinched bye 1 and he was realy sad when we couldnt take 1 home to eat) saw 2 horshoe crabs btw they can be very heavy and be stong! swam in the water the bottom is like it is an oil slick not good o well had sooooo much fun  laugh "
yes!!!!!!! <propfemale> underwood married my cuz finally
wants to go to the beach l8tr
epic tomorrow!!!!!!!
blue springs tomorroow has to wake up at 6   sad 
i love how people complain about getting up early well u have no room to talk i wake up at 5 smile 0 to go swim from 6 to 8 five days a week and i swim up to 4 thousand yards so yah quite complaining  smile 
"blahhhh has nothing to do this week gurrr, birthday party 2morrrow"
loves writing on a mirror like its a dry erase board
if u kno zen <propfirst> likke this or if he added u as a friend
nothings better than a chocolate milkshake with whiped cream
the shortcut is a weird movie
try outs today dont wanna go  annoyed 
"beach was fun, i look like a lobster"
"got my scedual\1) hope\2)commercial arts\3)english 1 honors\4)biology 1\5)drafting 1\6)team sports\7) geometry 1"
bye florida see u in 4 days
blah bored might go to the pool today  smile 
"f you're brave, copy this into your status  see what people rate you: (1) crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) sexy (7) strong ( smile  spoiled (9) mouthy (10) wild (11) goofy (12) funny (13) awesomely awesome (14) amazing (15) beauitful (16) cute smile  if you are shy or dont want people to see what you say, message it to me"
"blah i dislike my scedual\hope\communication arts\;anguage\biology\drafting\team sports\geometry"
just saw lightning strike in his front yard literally 20 feet away o o
had to mow the lawn hate it so much -_-
skool was good my classes willl be interesting  playful  e playful ecially my hope period 1
so the new update for facebook is gonna get me killed  annoyed 
swim meat was good did realy good go nease swim and dive!!!!!!
cloe
like my status and i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of! 5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  challenge you to repost this   smile 
arnt brothers amazing piling at 11:54 at night were all u hear is blahhhhhhh now my up stairs smells like a port-a-potty grows
like this and ill tell u the truth
got his varsity letter on friday!
fail      sad 
stupid touch thinks its 1969 gotta restore it great-___-
"change your facebook profile picture to a favorite cartoon character from your childhood and invite friends to do the same until december 6th  there will be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of childhood memories  this is for violence against children  post this as ur status to help spread the word smile "
watching a movie with the fam  very good christmas
bored  watching my little brother play black ops  already can tell that today will be boring 
creepiest moment of my life o o
truth is:
does anyone know if we have to dress out for hope b tomorrow?!?!?!?!?
might have to invest into flats bc my little brother might grow taller than me  frowny 
today was not a good day for me
ahhhhh creepiest moment ever ahhhhhhhh i herd someone talk into my ear like a whisper then i turned around and no one was there the the lights started to flick
bout time i got home
burned my feet great!!!!
inbox me colors!
finally its friday took long enough!!!!!
this daylight saving thing is killing me im so tired
this is <propfirst> hacked yo facebook boy swim and stop making lovey dovey faces with yo future wifeeee
who has skype ?
guess what if u type ur faceboo password it doesnt show!!! see ************
thnk you for all the birthday wishes
friday yay! this week went by fast fcat next week  sad  o welll time for my weekend break
guess who can drive  this guy
copy this as your status if your brave  for this whole enrire day i can't lie  ask me anything in my message box and i'l answer it 
bored out of my mind right now !
random calls make my day
