507b7d44c4f1a7a718d48adc66417d4e
hi random people that i call my friends
mom's 80's hair due is not working very well
undead fishhead
random penguins everywhere
i am having sooooo much fun
i feel happy that i have contact with one of my friends
i like 2 give people hugs
i'm goin 2 the valintines dance with my friend  smile     but my mom thinks its a boyfriend girlfriend thing (and it isn't)!!! =0 she even wants pics!!!  laugh 
contest in hobbs tomarrow have to wake up at 5 surprise 0 in the morning!  laugh 
last day in <propfemale> before i go 2 mississippi     laugh 
"there is nothin 2 say    <(\)"""
everybody!!!! fight the power!!!
"ello every1!! start school next tuesday!!! yay!!!! <(\)"""
"ello every1!!! iam now offically startin school tomarrow!!! <(\)"""
omg squirrel!!!!!
is bored out of my mind and wishes that i had something 2 do!!
y do i loook so weird!!!! well     at least its not the pic from 2 years ago!!!
"there r afew words 2 describe my family annoyed 1 weird\2 fun\3 crazy"
well   nothin much goin on   
studying 4 my french test on thursday   smile 
sooo happy!!!!  smile 
i feel happy and yet i also feel sad i guess i have mixed emotions    oh and i met the french ambassador    it was interesting 
super super super happy!!!!
tired     laugh 
voodoo fest was so awesome last nite!!! muse is awesomeness!!!!
voodoo fest waz awesomeness!!
today was so weird! the school had a 4 day weekend and we just came back and my mind is so confused!
school waz coolio
mirlaton fest was totally awesome everything was great!!!  laugh 
today was interesting 
"i was running for the door of the school thinking \finally get 2 go home!\"" but i forgot that there is a step as u go outside the school   so i trip and land on some random person     laugh """
me my mom and kat had a gud day    we sold six pieces of <propmale> and i got 2 talk 2 alot of cool musicians that could help me with my music  laugh 
tomorrow some of my family is coming over smile   and then on thursday i'm going to visit family that just moved to mississippi  smile  and then going to <propmale>'s house    not much to say bout that 
"today we had about 30 or more jars of jelly and when we come back to the house, we only have 7 left! i still can't believe that we sold that much! i'm so happy!!!"
<propfemale> christmas every1!!!!
today was gud   
got new scheduale it works a lot better than the last one! they did something good!
i  love  mardi gras!!!! i had so much fun last night!!!
