45b459962e344cae577c529ba7d60e35
had a blast at high altitude camp!
is really wishing she was better at sight reading
is soooo close to getting her license!
finally has her license!!!
"if you're a pirate, then i'm an orphan "
is pretty sad school has started becasue she loves summer too much!
hmm   now how am i going to get out of this mess?
nothing like an 8 mile run to get the day going   
"\   every so often we long to steal to the land of what might have been   but that doesn't soften the ache we feel when reality sets back in   \"""""
homework    is hard 
whoa! losing all this sleep can't be good for me!
is just realizing that what she thought was going to be a relaxing day is really just going to be a day filled with homework    sad 
"when in doubt, play out "
go titan xc!!!
life is like fighting a t-rex  its freaking hard!
"i've found a new joy in life  it's called the dog park! its so fun  you can go and dog-watch  you know, like people watching except for this is with dogs  its so much fun! i love it  i might become a hobo and go there every day when i'm old and have nothing to do   smile "
where the wild things are is a strange movie    i usually don't cry in movies but this one got me!
if only we could gain an hour of sleep on a weekly basis  will someone please invent that and become <propmale>? i'd love you forever!
um   well   yeah   smile 
there's nothing quite like thinking you knew what you were doing and realizing you are doing it all wrong 
give it everything you've got- then give a little more 
what separates a talented individual from a successful individual is a lot of hard work  -s  <propmale>
"i love my life! i love it, i love it, i love it!  laugh "
"wow    i really am strange, aren't i?"
"dear winter break, \thanks for all the fun times, and thanks for christmas, family, friends, and fun  thanks for letting me sleep in and relax and also get a lot of things done  my only complaint about you is that you are not long enough  farewell!\love, <propfirst>"
is so happy!  laugh  don't know why i'm happy but i just am!  laugh 
"hey mcqueen, eat your heart out!"
let's just smile because it won't hurt anything and its the simplest remedy for any problem   laugh   laugh 
i  love  relient k!!!  laugh 
"hi, i'm <propfirst>  i'm addicted to running! and dang does it feel good!!!  smile "
cloudy with a <propmale> of meatballs is one of the funniest movies i've ever seen!!  laugh  lol
preference was awesome! had a blast last night!!  laugh 
"<propfemale>'s at college, <propfemale> is snowmobiling with her friends and thus i've been an only child this weekend    and have come to the conclusion that i want my sisters back!!!  sad  being a lonely child isn't fun!"
tour is coming up    i'm so    freakin   excited!!!!  laugh 
excited! excited!  laugh 
"whoa   what a trip! i'm unbelievably tired and exhausted, but that was freakin' fun!  smile "
is headed to the conference center to see general conference!  laugh  i'm excited! this is gonna be awesome!  laugh 
happy eat a grapefruit day!  smile 
ew  i hate large puddles 
boo-ba-doobadoo   smile 
 sad  doesn't like precalculus  sad 
i've figured out why i don't like precalc: asking me to do precalc is like asking me to start an ant colony  i just don't know quite how to do it   
monster day today- federation and the <propmale> invitational! this will be fun    
wow    is this a dream or did i actually survive today? got a superior rating on my flute pieces and got a pr in the 400! what a day   
thinks that <propfemale> mcfarland is the best sister in the world!
" laugh  good day, good day   laugh  don't you just love good days?"
pretty much can't wait for prom   its gonna be fun!!!  laugh 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! i love you all!  laugh 
cookies and cream hershey bar= simply delightful!! yum   smile 
i  hate  school  grrr!
wow  my life is way too busy for my own good  i think i'm going crazy!
ahhh! i've lost my sanity  will give reward if found!! hopefully i'll make it through this next week without it   
"at this point, its down to 3 essentials: water, comfort food, and sleep  its been an extremely long day!"
really loves <propfemale> and the frog  can't get the freakin' music out of my head!  laugh 
ahh    cloud watching on the high jump pit is so fun! reminds me of my childhood days   laugh 
state is almost here!!! i'm trying to decide if i'm excited or just extremely stressed!! ahh!
1 day down   1 more to go!! let's go titans!!  smile 
wow   i can't believe this track season is like- over!  sad 
"i'm thinking of something cold, wet, and that comes from the sky   you guessed right! its the rain!!!"
"oh where, oh where has my little phone gone, or where or where could it be?? if you text me and i don't text back it means the hunt for that little device is still on!  smile "
haha wow! had a freakin' awesome time at morp  that was so fun!  smile 
norbal people participate in physical activerties!  smile 
whohoo! yay for a successful chamber concert and wonderful people   smile 
what is a weed? a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered 
i love water  i really really do!
ah    ahh! i'm     so    thirsty!!!
ah- busy day  gotta love busy days!
"haha well, 4 o clock is waaay to early for anyone to be alive, but i'm so excited i don't even care!!! albequerque here i come!  smile "
ahahaha!! pasta is yummy  laugh 
"well   i've come to 2 conclusions: there are a lot of super fast people, and 100 degree weather is miserable!!!"
i could cut off my nose right now!! i'm done with allergies!!!
tuesday treat day!! such a lovely time    laugh 
ugh  now i remember why i don't eat fast food   
oh dear rain- please stay for a while! you are sooo beautiful!!
does not want to wait 2-6 weeks for her shipment   sad 
oh look! some deep fried mushrooms! i be happy now!  smile 
ladies and gentlement- an amazing miracle has taken place! my room is clean!  laugh 
yay! oatmeal for lunch!  smile 
loves aviators!!  laugh 
i have over 700 songs on my ipod   yet i'm in the mood to listen to only 1  interesting how that works!
"chocolate chips, peanut butter, syrup and pancakes   a good mix!!  smile "
hmm  thinking   typing  saying what i'm doing   thinking   
happy father's day! i  love  my dad!!!
ooh man  a nice run on the trails sure feels good on a monday morning  smile 
summer is    w o n d e r f u l ! ! !  love 
is kinda excited for girl's camp!!! woot woot!!  laugh 
"home from girl's camp! boy, was that fun!!!  smile "
 smile 
whoa-hoooo   all i gotta say is that i am fully and truly team <propmale>   smile  wow  haha!  smile 
whohoo!! pizza night!! can i hear a yee-haw yum yum?  smile 
one week goes by so slow but yet so fast    i can't believe its friday already!!
put a smile on your face- its the tenth of juuuuuuly!!!  laugh 
things get confusing when you mix up your dreams and reality  weirdest feeling ever!
reward excellent failures  punish mediocre successes 
"off to the cabin!!!  laugh  i'm so excited! gonna enjoy some time with my family, space from reality, and rides on horses all week long! see ya syracuse!  laugh "
wants to have a run-in-the-sprinklers-like-we're-four party  who's in?  smile 
through strength i found love    in time i found myself in happiness    with you   love 
"\its so fluffy i'm going to die!!!\"""""
wow!!! 9 30 and i have already had a epic trail adventure!!!  smile 
summer   goes by way too fast  sad 
"thank you for nothing, you useless sunscreen "
high altitude camp!!!  laugh   laugh  i'm so excited! haha  smile 
high altitude camp!!!  laugh   laugh  i'm so excited! haha  smile 
20% done   80% left to go    ugh   
"you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy, when skies are gray    smile "
"leaving for cedar city tomorrow! i  love  the utah shakespearean festival! and yes you read this right  i love shakespeare!!!  laugh  eat it, yum!"
its time for a snack!
loves shopping!  smile 
boating in the rain was pretty epic today! got super super cold but had a super super lotta fun!  laugh 
"well, i finally got the results for the symphony i tried out for in flippin june!! and its a no go  sad  but i'm pretty okay with it, since the closer fall gets, the more i realize how busy i'm going to be!!! crazy, crazy!  smile "
"i think running a race and then going horseback riding in the beautiful mountains is a great way to spend the last day of freedom, don't you?"
well   here comes my senior year whether i want it to or not! gonna make the best of it   its gonna be so awesome    smile 
"the lion <propmale> is the best musical ever!! it is so amazing!!  smile  i love it!! unfortunately, a facebook status update hardly does it justice at all  but nevertheless   its phenomenal!!"
what an eventful day!! haha  smile 
hakuna matata    laugh 
<propmale> <propmale> <propmale>!! fun fun fun!! xc is the best sport ever    smile  i love it i love it!!
what a day!  smile 
ahhh yuck    sad 
happy birthday to my dad! he's the best!  love 
time goes by soooo fast!!!
so    much   food     !!!
so    xc is like   the best sport in the entire world   smile 
sometimes life just isn't fair   annoyed 
yay!!   for mood swing day!  sad   smile   annoyed  playful 
region!! was the best race ever    !!  smile  way to go titans!!
"state is tomorrow     smile  i'm so excited! let's show them what we got, titans!!  smile  xc forever!!  love "
wow    what a busy busy day! but i am alive  smile  thankfully!  smile 
thats the last time i'm taking the act  what a happy thought    smile 
 smile  sadies was so much fun last night!  smile 
wow  my legs are not used to sprinting   !! this transition will be fun!  smile 
\the greatest loss in life is not death  it is what dies inside while we are still living \,45b459962e344cae577c529ba7d60e35,"wow, don't really know what to think about all of this!!!"
"contemporary music plus contemporary ballet     equals very, very, strange!!  smile  but still quite cool!!  smile "
daylyn johnston is the best ever!!!  smile  had a great run this morning  smile   smile 
wet wet wet! cold cold cold!
"ah, the weekend is almost over   sad   sad  gonna relax today then brace myself for the looooooong week ahead!!"
"holy crap! go grease lighting!!  smile   smile  amazing job, shs theatre!! everyone better be sure they go to see grease! its awesome!!"
"<propmale> potter time, <propmale> <propmale> potter time!! yeah!!  smile "
how about that teen angel?  wink  i'd say he's pretty cute!!  smile 
thoroughly enjoying thanksgiving break  yes!  smile 
doesn't like goodbyes   sad 
my brain hurts   
california here i come!!  smile   smile   smile   smile   smile 
there are so many different types of people in the world! just saying  smile 
ahh!! footlocker was sooo much fun!!  smile   smile 
somebody remind me why i do 400 workouts    ahh   that flipping hurt!!
absolutely the best late start ever!!  smile  thank you madrigals! i love you so much!  love   smile 
only a week until christmas!! haha i'm so excited!!  smile   smile 
 smile   smile  i love christmas! its just sad that now its like   kinda over!!!  sad 
i love to run   and run and run!  smile 
snowbasin today  smile   smile 
i think we're in planet hoth    
"my car hondo is like those adorable elderly people- no matter how shaky he is, you can't help but love him to death!!  love "
<propfirst> swift   love  love 
this track season is going to be awesome! i'm so excited for everything!
"dear mr  <propfirst> whitacre,you are a genius "
