06bbbfa86a11d59195e70ad94fc26a24
stupid people amuse me so long as i don't have to deal with them first-hand  laugh  thank god for reality television lol 
"i'm feeling achey all over, but that\s not gonna stop me from having a good day  smile "
all work and no play makes <propfirst> a     wait    there's never a day of all work and no play  love 
feeling very icky-sicky and had to miss work today (sorry guys  i hope it wasn't too busy  sad  )  i'll be resting my butt off so i can get better for the rest of my busy week 
i decided to eat something light and created a cool new recipe! all of this was done with organic foods ( love  ya mom!)  i call it a cooked salad! the recipe won't fit in one post so i'll put the steps in the comments below
i hate it when people i've wanted out of my life just show up out of nowhere with the same old bullcrap as before  and naturally it had to be right before work  i'll see all y'all at 4 when i get out 
post this as your status and see what people hate about you! i hate your______________!
"when i see 3:16 below a rockin' skull tattoo, it makes me smile  it proves my point that people aren't always what they appear to be "
"there are too many people in this world that have forgotten one basic principle: \don't bite the hand that feeds \"" they're the people that i laugh at """
"yeah   definately up later than i should be  it may be a morning shift, but at least it's a short enough day  another plus is that i got the sewing portion done on my costume  the rest is just spending money for clothes i need to get anyway  well, g'night all  love "
carving pumpkins then treating myself to a very late dinner  tomorrow begins my first weekend off in a long time  yay!!! mall-trip tomorrow!
"mall trip cancelled  i'm all achey and tired, but at least i have the weekend to rest up  as it was once said on family guy, \dying hurts   \"" :b"""
*yaaaawwwnnn* sleeeeepy  i lost track of time playing videogames again  it's definately time for sleep  g'night everyone!
"not looking forward to another morning shift, but at least that means i get the afternoon off  achievement unlocked: look for the silver lining  1500 pts"
ugh    this has been one hell of a day  it even took me several hours to get my internet back up and running  at least that's over    i hope   
"stil deaing with laittle day-to-day frusterations, mostly with myself  i skip a day of work because life makes me ivid, but so many people around me have a multitude of problems far worse than i  i've decided to go as blonde as i can get  it's kinda like pulling a <propfemale> spears, minus the shaving my head "
"wor kwas interesting to say the least  random stupid person #58,973 just couldn't understand why an insurance granted by a catholic <propfemale> wouldn't cover birth control  some people, i tell ya   \in other news, i've been devoting too much time to my artwork, and not enough to sleep  g'night!"
"went to the dentist this morning and got my teeth cleaned  as i thought, i'll need to get all four wisdom teeth out  i'll schedule that when i'm a little more financially stable  getting ready for work  i basically only go home to sleep tonight as i close tonight and open tomorrow  at least i'll have tomorrow afternoon off to go with my saturday!"
"the more i watch reality television, the more i question the stability of humanity as a whole  i love watching it, don't get me wrong, but really? also, there are talk shows, which irk me  why people feel it's necessary to air out their dirty laundry on national televsion rather than the privacy of their own home is beyond me "
watching season 4 of csi miami  love 
"it was an interesting day at work today  i was poked, prodded, and had dead viruses injected into my bloodstream  on a brighter note, my cholesterol is great and i am vaccinated from the flu "
had an awesome day today considering it was the same ol' work and home deal  i won't argue with being in high spirits even if i don't really have a reason for it  in other news: <propfemale> makes a damned good chili!  love  now on to the weather: the snow is pretty
it's been a long week  i'm glad to be able to rest for now at least 
"ugh    i think i might've caught a cold or something  it's like a mucinex commercial is going on in my chest right now  taking some robitussen and going to bed  have a good night, all!"
sonic colors = very much epic! i might have to get my own copy for the wii  later though  finances get tight this time of year 
"had a great thanksgiving with mom  i always look forward to our simple thanksgiving tradition every year  <propfemale> runs her 5k, we <propfemale> out in the livingroom, have a dinner of turkey burgers and asparagus and watch a movie of our choosing   i hope everyone had a nice thanksgiving, too! also, i'm thankful for the joy of simplicity  smile "
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, december 6th  *join the fight against child abuse*, copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same"
grrrr    i can't watch english subbed sailor <propfemale> anymore 'cause toei animation put the smackdown on people who had it uploaded  any site i find with the sailor <propfemale> episodes i'm on are all the crappy english dub  this makes me quite irate 
thank you julien-k for helping me to wake up (no pun intended) for those icky eary morning shifts 
"not enjoying the thought of going to work tomorrow morning  it really irks me that someone that may hold the one thing that'll save your life (a doctor, er, pharmacist, etc) gets about the same amount of respect as someone who flips burgers for a living from too many of the general populace "
"being the person to relay the strategy guide is an awful and incredibly annoying task when said guides are \incredibly vague  _ "
full lunar eclipse at 2:41 tonight!!! i know i won't miss it! (though i'll be tired at work tomorrow  lol)
another mouse lost to the whimes of fate  rip muu  this one didn't even last very long  what do i keep doing wrong???
fed up with people placing far too much material emphasis on christmas  it really brings out the worst in people as they freak out over nothing at all  taking a nap 
been sick all day  it's nearly impossible to keep anything down so it's hard to tell if the nausea is from being sick or barely eating anything  any tips?
"it's such a good feeling when you've been sick for several days, are still wearing your pjs, look like a mess, and you hear \she's cute\"" as you leave the register after making your purchase  laugh """
"i got two new mice earlier this month, thinking they were both female    whoops! one of them was too young to correctly determine the sex  i'm actually excited about it though  soon i might have lots of little baby mice!! i was thinking about giving them up, but knowing me, i'll fall in love with them all and keep them   love "
"i finally got up the guts to fill out the application to suny plattsburgh, but realised i don't have the $50 for the application fee  oh well  guess it'll have to wait until friday  no problem!"
"getting ready to brave the tundra  of all days for so much snow, it had to be a work-day  oh well    maybe we won't get so many people at one time today "
"kids with special needs only want what everyone wants--to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour? it's special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way "
is fighting an urge to eat out by looking up recipes on the internet  i'm still stuck in-between though  laugh 
too much dancing with the xbox kinect too soon after eating  blargh   
<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> (lets see who gets it and follows the instructions) 
playing fallout 3 while eating manwiches and listening to sonic music    can life get any better? i submit that it cannot!
hungry and lazy are a terrible pair  i'm just sayin' 
"slow-going day today, but at least it's nice outside  laugh "
bleh    not feeling very motivated right now    but at least i managed to get alot done today!
"well, story of my life    my computer is on its last legs even though i've barely even had it a year  i thought things would be different since it's brand new this time, but once again life effs me in the a  i'll just haveta keep system restoring the effing thing until i can afford something that'll survive longer than half a year   "
often wonders what happened to the sanity of the world  then she realises that it probably never existed in the first place 
my applications for college are finally done! now i can relax until i hear the yea or nay 
"somehow, i get the feeling it's gonna be a very long day   "
"busy day today  dr's appointment, followed by picking up paycheck, setting up savings account, calling my former insurance company about the status of my reimbursment, making a payment on my dentist <propmale>    so much to do and so much snow falling on the day i have to do it  just my luck    oh well  c'est la vie "
i'm tired of causing problems and getting in everyone's way   
"yay! my baby boy is okay! he's safe and sound in his cage, and his two little e playful loits since the mama had her babies, he has earned a new name  <propmale> houdini   or <propmale>    or houdi for short  smile "
"pokemon on sunday  laugh  i'm such a nerd, i don't even    lol"
"it's great that it's finally warmer out, but the sudden shift in temperature has left my joints in alot of pain  oh well  that's not gonna stop me from enjoying my day!  smile "
i pray to god it won't be as bad outside monday morning as they say    i'll have to walk out in it    only one way if i'm lucky o o
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well "
"after giving ther room a much-needed cleaning, i ended up working llonger than e playful ect, which is cool  i can always use the extra cash! lol  now it's time to get back to pokemon!"
it's one of the most frightening things when you think your friend is someplace and then a police officer comes knocking on your door 'cause no one can find them  i'm glad she's not in trouble but i hope she's okay    
brb    getting my ass handed to me at the dragon gym    
i have one word to decribe how i feel today: owwie   
wow   holy crap! uber-coughingx10! post-nasal drip sucks  i'll just chill out in the nice warm enclosed porch at <propfirst>'s until the meds kick in so i won't wake anyone up  smile 
i know everyone has their problems but i'm sick to death of feeling like shit because everyone is slamming shit around and screaming at eachother  i can't wait until i get the <propmale> to move out and get away from it all   
i love my mother and i love my sister  that's why it hurts me so much to have so much strife in our home   
"things have quieted down quite a bit, and hopefully it can remain that way  at the very least, tonight is peaceful  smile "
why am i so tired and why can't it wait until a more decent bedtime?
finally! my busy week is over!!
why???? why has the snow returned????? *headdesk*
it seems like every cosmic force imaginable is trying to ruin my day   
<propfemale>'s party went great! i might've spent a bit too much money though  lol :b
went to a wing night with my sister for the first time  it was fun  smile 
blueberry  smile 
"i'm sick to death of being shafted by third party companies and <propmale> corporations  now at least i understand where a lack of trust comes from as well as the origin of several \big-brother\""-esque conspiracy theories  i juset want to wake up and have it all be over and done with  my trust in people is pretty much done for   """
i'm gonna nap so i can forget the world exists for awhile  call me on my cell if you need anything
"things have been really stressing me out lately, so i've decided to put everything on the back burner for awhile and just get through the day to day until i can get things on track  also, thanks for the computer repair <propmale>! you're awesome! you, too, <propfirst> since i'm sure you had your hand in it, too!"
it's finally a nice enough day (that i have off mind you) so i'm gonna get on my bike and ride around town for the day  laters!
"today's ride went great! i went to glens falls and visited this awesome cafe (i'm totally going back there) and a few little shops, then went across the bridge to south glens falls and went cruising around there  i'm tired as hell now, but it was awesome!"
"yesterday's prank worked beautifully! for those who didn't know, i baked a bunch of sugar cookies shaped like dog biscuts and put them in an empty box of dog treats  i then proceeded to eat them in front of customers and co-workers  smile "
so tired    so achey    so glad i don't have to work    ugghhhh   make it stop   
\waking up, breaking out\06bbbfa86a11d59195e70ad94fc26a24,"can't sleep    cleaning my mouse's cage triggered a pretty bad allergy attack  alot of coughing and wheezing, but otherwise just fine  the benedryl should kick in soon  smile "
"all better now! just feeling a little off-kilter from the medicine i took last night  i gotta go to work soon, so we'll see how that goes  smile "
my body is awake but my mind is not  that should make work interesting this morning  lol
ugh    i'm so gonna need caffiene tomorrow  it's hard to sleep 'cause it's friggin' hot in here    and for some reason i'm all energized  i hope it wasn't the 2 hour nap i took    <propfemale> can we take down the storm windows tomorrow please????
working today during part two of last night's thunderstorm  it should be very interesting   
feels like a liabiity in her workplace
hungry   and bored
why is there no cake? i demand cake!   oh right    i'm broke    where's marie-antoinette when you need her?
whoops! forgot i had a dentist appointment tomorrow! good thing i have tomorrow off anyway  laugh 
i didn't think i'd get everything done so quickly tonight  guess i do get time to chill out before i pass out  laugh 
