2f314a52a867160de1d7672d8bc2c760
is about to die of boredom  give me something to do plzzzzz
about to watch some spongebob    yeaaah!
free high fives! get em here!
about to go play golf at north creek with my dad
- -
i like the rain - -
i dont know what to do now that homecomings over    i feel empty
bored out of mah mind
im ready to beat down center hill and others 
***tskb***
goodnight all
stoked for the vanderbilt contest w00t
"just wish i could sign up for the fall festival video game tournament ftw, no band practice pwns"
me gusta sacudir pron abajo 
spent all day             working     in a concession stand 
aidans not gay 
finally finished typing that paper for computer ftw yesh
watching the office
soooo    the lost premeire is on today  and it's the last season   sad 
watching lost on xbl and eagerly awaiting kickoff 
playing drums
already has to do my homework  this sux
craigslist    is    awesome    
t-mobile sucks eggs 
tried to shut down grays computer in the lab  didnt work  they made it to where you have to enter a password to enter a password 
"the cat's in the cradle with the silver spoon, with little boy blue and the man in the <propfemale> "
goin paintballin saturday  txt meh if you want to come
tgd owns 
tomorrow will own 
<propfemale> in wonderland later today and chillax until that comes 
today = win  next monday = win  next monday morning = win  smiley faces =  laugh  
there's on opossum in my yard 
watchin the office in the hotel! best trip ever 
disney world really is the happiest place on earth 
band banquet?
"well, a lot of things happened today  got stung by a wasp, mr  <propfirst> dropped the bomb, and other things  but i guess i need to have hope for next year "
see you cats on the flip flop laterrrr 
watching the survivor finale
well   that's not what i was suspecting from the lost finale   but it was good 
i be going to kyoto  | indecision >
not 
goin to play golf
watching the greatest freakout videos   haha     
deciding whether i should start mowing other peoples yards so i can get a rail or settle for an slg
hates when people don't answer texts 
prototype is the best 
playin smash bros  n64 
ordered my slg four days ago and it hasn't even started to ship  bush 
just found all my old n64 games  just need a n64 controller!
today was freakin' amazing 
just re-ordered my slg  never order from the actual proto site 
trumpet sectional from 10-12 tomorrow 
just watched zoolander  it had its funny parts and was a little weird 
just finished 6 hours of yardwork 
my slg finally shipped!!
can't wait for halo reach to come out 
hates fire ants 
bleh
is cooking 
just got his new slg and needs to gas it up! laugh 
woah i forgot it had psp mode   
"call of duty:mw2 is a game made specifically for n00bs and \crowd followers\"" """
anyone going to chf this weekend?
what nationality is serj tankian?
i loves my new gun
is anyone going paintballin this weekend
cookie burgers and banana nut chocloate chip mayonnaise bread!
skate 2 is amazing 
"\this definitely tickles my fancy \"""""
"now loves the following games: half life 2, fallout 3, and dragon age "
more summer plox  playful 
can now base pedal like no ones business 
can now bass* pedal like no ones business 
i nearly have all the supplies to make my ghillie suit 
has been unraveling burlap for the past hour 
"\see you cats on the flip-flop laterrr \"""""
http annoyed  www facebook com photo php?pid=1195278&id=1617532527&ref=notif&notif_t=photo_reply#
can't wait to meet this person  laugh 
going to play golf  wink 
school pictures today! yay 
"yesterday, before the football game, white band a k a  shaft band went to mcdonalds and had some fun times  this includes obtaining a demonic red riding hood doll and tying her to the wheel of the bus  she stayed there until we got home "
loves composure 
todos son mis esclavos 
has had a pretty good day so far   laugh 
"it's competition day, and i'm pretty excited! we will do well  or else   "
"so, i'm going to be <propfirst> mercer for tuesday  it's going to be boss "
yesterday was pretty much the best  laugh 
i now have a congo drum haha  laugh 
its october!!!!!
"\holy crap! my attic is soooo dusty \"""""
super electric yes mom!
"is playing his acoustic guitar, and thinking about today's events "
is watching marble hornets   laugh 
i are at crackabarrel  laugh 
someone hit me up with some plans for tonight!
that's right  i just created a <propfemale> for the trumpet section 
i wonder what i could be for halloween   laugh 
i bet i could be pyramid head for halloween hahaha  laugh 
"today was pretty amazing  awesome room assignments, funniest prank call ever  yeeeahhh  laugh "
shineh newish trumpet  laugh 
its raining again?! good gosh 
i have successfully carved a pumpkin  laugh 
tonight was amazing  laugh 
dragon concourse?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
haaaaaaa
grace is mean  she pushed me down  playful 
"who do they never have soy sauce or teryaki sauce by the fried rice at lunch? oh yeah, it's a school lunch   playful "
where are my parents?!?!?!?
today's going to be awesome  laugh 
"\i got married to every girl there!\"""""
this weekend has been truly amazing  especially yesterday  laugh 
that party was the shiznit 
i just heard a pew pew laser in the distance 
i beez makin fried rice!
woot! new ipod touch and ghillie suit! hahah best chridmuh <propfemale>!
hahah you've been hacked by the bestest person ever!  laugh 
"it amazes me how some people have no discretion in the presence of god  how do these \people\"" live with themselves?"""
i ar master of fawlout 
me llamo <propfirst> redfield  me gusta matar los zombis y mis brazos son muscular 
hahahwhhw! you have yet again been hacked by the greatest person ever! even though you hate me   
first mosquito bite  yessss 
i don't know what to do with all this time!
"thank you, everyone, for the birthday wishes  i greatly appreciate them "
