f356af98cbd929d5ece697973786fecb
very sun burnt! ps: the island in the middle of lake balinger is on fire 
wondering about some things  smile 
is confused
very happy about how life is going  smile 
" smile  had a fun time at the zoo,"
had fun swimming  smile  now chillin thinking about what to do
is leaving for camp tomorrow  chillen with <propfemale> and <propmale> 
"leaving in the morning for camp, bored and cant sleep"
just got back from camp!
going back to work  smile 
back from hanging with people and beths cafe    tired 
got done earning some money and now has bumper shoot tickets for last day! gunna chill with people and see inglorious bastards midnight showing 
just listening to the new stuff on my ipod  thinking about what to do today 
back from the mountains
bumpershoot
just got back from bumpershoot  saw everything on the mainstage  pretty awesome stuff  smile 
just got home from hanging out with people  smile  good stuff
just got home  smile  had a pretty good day
just got back from <propfemale> garden and katies birthday
got a new puppy!!! pure english settler
"    yeah, new dog just peed on my bed    late night laundry time  my favorite"
chillin with rocko
"i need some opinions, rocko or rosckoe? my puppies name"
cant wait for zombie land  looks great
"saw zombieland, awesome "
plans to go shooting today fell through  time to find something else t do 
"went rock climbing, more fun then i thought it would  be  smile "
tired  wants to go rock climbing  smile 
"just ran my dogs to hickman park and back, got an 8 hour shift tonight"
its supposed to rain for the next few days    sucks
awesome day at work for once  smile 
"tired, 8 hour shift  got time and half but tired as all hell   "
soooooooooooooooo tired   
"cant sleep, listening to some tunes "
just brought roesco for a really long walk in the rain 
roesco ate baby jesus out of my moms plastic thing   
is sick  sad 
got two sp-1050 merantz speakers for free with an amp! gatta make a trip to radio shack to make em work 
"thanks giving was cool, chillin with <propmale> and rocko"
messed up my knees and ribs at fire night  got a concussion and passed out  smile 
happy new year! back from campin 
book of <propmale> is an awesome movie!!!
mom got hurt playing duck duck goose at school by some giant kid in her class  really random 
pumped for the show at studio 7 tonight!
just got an amazing guitar amp from my uncle!
"got back from rock climbing, fun but fingers hurt "
going to bellingham tommorow!!!
back in town  amost sighned up for spring classes!
"got a hair cut, now work time!"
"downloaded audacity, one step closer to myspace songs!"
"midgets vrs mascots, funniest movie i have seen in years "
is going to see get down <propmale> on wednesday at studio 7!!
just got back from the show at studio seven  get down <propmale> cancelled but the black squares were awesome!
great day  looking at quotes and watching zombie land
where are my cleates!!!
im now playing football for the snohomish vikings!
"back from deception pass, <propmale> got himself his new ranger "
so glad im back in football  time to make some law abiding violence!
work     ugh   
just got home from work  i cleaned the most vile reaches of the meat departmen; an area untouched for years  it was a tragedy! now for school at 8 smile 0!
8 hour shift on a saturday  sad 
"just got back from joeys musician birthday party, good times haha"
do i look like i should be one of the guys in a budlight commercial?
8 and 1 2 hour shift    not looking forward to being stuck in costco for that long on such a nice day!
my computer broke  sad 
the newspaper says dio died  sad 
today was a great day!
where has the sun gone?!?! it gives me hope   
"just went out shopping with <propfirst>, got a nice guitar pod  time to jam"
"ahhh bon fires, i need to go to more "
finals are done!!
goin camping wednesday!!
"had a great night haha, <propmale> is the man  and arya "
i havent been night fishing since last summer    that needs to change
"happy birthday <propfemale>, and roescoe"
blew up a car muffler at the river  good times 
just got back from climbing a mountain
red dead redemption; if only i met you sooner! time to waste some glorious hours on this 
farcry is the worst movie of all time   
done with work!! why do little kids always think im so cool?
"got my dog out, went swimmin, saw people  good day off!"
wild waves and a new sunburn  hoorah 
"working on houses again, i missed working outside "
mowed a lawn in the morning mist  smile  gettin ready for seattle 
"sick of the sickly things that people make me sick of  wheres the love? it needs some bombs to be constructed in the confines of its own inter-being, intertwined to agree with lies outside of this giant slice of pie  - know what i'm sayin?"
machete was brutal and amazing  i could see it again 
its been a great night  people are being chill once again and peace has been restored 
anarchy burger! hold the government!
"\i don't want to end up a cartoon in a cartoon grave yard\"""""
just started reading the hagakure!
\well the devils apprentice who gave me some credit,\f356af98cbd929d5ece697973786fecb,just bought a beautiful acoustic bass and a guitar-banjo hybrid  i feel like it was a worthy purchase 
my gecko <propmale> died    he lived for 15 long years  rest in peace little <propmale> 
"hmmm pirate metal seems to be an actual genre, or at least that is what pandora is telling me"
where are my cleats!?! i think they got donated    sorry guys i'll be out next week with some 
when i'm an old man i want to play my guitar on my back porch  then i'll sing till my dentures fall on out  the neighbors will love me 
last minute halloween costume - complete success
just a leanin' on my shovel in a grave yard of dreams 
ran a few <propmale> in the rain only to find my hand had turned orange  the dye in <propmale>'s fake leather leash is now also all over his back  taiwan i blame you 
finally learning how to read music and covering myself in theory  might as well reach higher and higher 
roescoe just ate rat poison     sad  ran him to the vet and left him in the care of the doctor 
i am now the proud owner of an accordion! how do i play this thing?   
"i was preparing my beard just for this snow, and it works perfectly "
any good bands i should check out y'all?
goin to <propfemale>  laugh 
now a proud owner of a trumpet and ukelele for freeeeeeeee!! it's feelin like a <propfemale> of collection 
just dropped off <propfemale>  smile  should be a good day ahead of me 
just got back from camping at the river with a morning full of rain 
ugh   
"feeling the pains of falling on a snowboard for most of the day, good times "
<propfemale> bacon ice cream!?!?
overcrowded basement show ftw!!!
the seahawks eighth punt of the day so far   annoyed  no bueno 
"finally have a board, boots and bindings "
"first day of hvac school, not bad  learning the systems "
"12 02 2011 - seattle, wa - el corazonv   usa\finntroll!  laugh "
"i'm bored, can't sleep and you tube guitar solos have gotten boring fast "
"tooooo muuuuccchhh metallll, ears will ring for days o 0"
"finally feeling like i'm not going to die from sickness, buuuut just found out my grandma died  sad "
"uuuugh, can't sleep for stupid reasons   sad  gettin up at six to go work on some small unit mechanics "
"tiresome day  d: lovin my class, tomorrow gettin up early to switch out a stuck compressor for one we have to mod for the system!  laugh  hooray for free labor!!!"
"i suppose stupid is what stupid does, right?"
gah! the sickness came back!!! the bane of my existence   sad 
