3668d2c33f1705cdcd01297d42e542f9
i do not understand farmville 
it's so nice out 
fuck the philippines! they can fill up my ass 
only twelve more days of pssas! fucking a 
does anybody have an extra verizon phone they don't mind parting ways with? i just kinda put mine through the wash   fuuuuuuuck
"start sending me your <propfirst>, guys "
need some <propfirst> again guys  i got stuck with a god damn razr again   _  just text 
man  i am hungry 
welcome to the world of the plastic beach!
i just learned the rain song  it's so fun 
happy hitler's birthday everybody 
has an interview at bonanza tomorrow!
"a girl sits alone on a swingset, not swinging  a tear silently rolls down her cheek  \where's daddy?\"" jager """
i remember when guido was a derogatory term for italians and not a nickname for greaseballs 
"alright, whatever "
ain't no party like a scranton party 'cause the scranton party don't stop 
"hey, kids, gather 'round  yeah, i need your focus  i know sometimes it seems like the world is so hopeless "
my basement smells like gunpowder  and i fucking love it 
"no one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun "
"summertime, and the living's easy "
man  i fucking love almonds 
"so here i am, minding my own business and breaking a hungarian half-breed when a cougar decides to come and fuck my shit up  this is not the last you'll hear from <propfirst> marston you fucking jungle cat asshole "
"http annoyed  www easyvouch com?join=20266\easy money  seriously "
i keep accidentally drinking all my snake oil and moonshine on rdr because my right bumper is being retarded 
i'm hungry 
am i really the only person that got really pissed at the ending of rdr?
i'm coming up only to hold you under 
i fucking love dream theater 
"well i can go, go, go in my hoveroooound"
fuckin' super pretzels and shit 
"there are like, 6 cats on my porch  wtf "
i just gave a chicken strip to my dog  my dog put it down and my cat ate it 
nobody can do anything today except for the people that are going to the mall  and the mall sucks  fuck today 
four hours til my birthday  weeeeeeeee 
any other insomniacs? someone talk to me  i'm so bored 
"stand and deliver, your money or your life!"
show me your moves!
holy shit  everyone is online 
pierogies and salisbury steak!
*yawn*
"<propfirst>, i'm not your uncle!"
good nyews everyone!
i guess i'll do the like dislike impression confession thing if you like this status  but only if i get one in return!
i am so mad i missed the picnic  d:
update from teh exbokz  it's fucking 5 smile 0  x_x
someone make weekend plans with me? anyone 
"you're now chatting with a random stranger  say hi!\    stranger: hi\    you: hi\    stranger: m f ?\    you: no, i have my radio on the m a stations  i like classical music \    stranger: haha funny\    stranger: i'm 37 m usa\    you: that's a strange name\    your conversational partner has disconnected \\oh, omegle "
"only this manupod, crescent in shape, has escaped "
i want a headcrab hat  someone buy me one?
i think i am the only person not going to warped tomorrow 
more like ten shitloads 
plans for the day include downloading world at war for some nazi zombies and sitting on my ass doing nothing else  damn you warped tour 
i have my headphones in and i wasn't playing music yet and i forgot my volume was at 100 because my monitor has shitty speakers  i turned on some btbam and the rest is history
eluveitie fucking rules 
*yawn*
world at war is taking forever to install on my pc  i want to play nazi zombies!
what's so great about dumb old texas?
i just played the afro samurai demo and it's fucking awesome  i wanna get the full game 
i'm better at soul calibur iv than i thought  everyone online sucks 
"i'm here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, but my feet are gone "
i need friends on msn now 
"put it on blast for the passengers and messengers, 'cause this is a disaster  where the fuck are the rescue workers?"
fl studio is fun as hell 
e playful erimenting in fl and trying to make some dubstep stuff  fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i hate canker sores 
dr  pepper is my life force 
do any of my facebook friends play counter-strike: source besides <propfirst> and pickle? i need more people to play cs with 
downloading audiosurf was the best idea i've had in a couple minutes 
i just made a two-minute thing in fl studio  it's just sort of a revision of something i made a while ago  does anybody wanna listen?
calling all insomniacs
i'm making a chocobo theme mix in fl studio  this is so fun 
hello everybody 
<propmale> raccoon fell back into his room only to find gideon's bible 
sleep? what is this sleep that you people speak of?
mmmmm iwabo 
"less than a week til school?\oh man since when"
"ooh, we have corndogs "
how did we meet? (copy this as your status and see how many stories you can get)
i'm so sick of all these random spambot invites on my msn 
"my story has stumped <propfemale> wars historians, deep in debate, buffet plate at bennigans!"
"actually, i don't know why everyone is so depressed about school  because this summer, for the most part, fucking sucked  i'm looking forward to just getting all this bullshit over with and actually being able to see everyone more often than i saw them in the summer "
so the first couple days of school were pretty awesome  and college algebra is probably one of the easiest things ever 
"had a fantastic time at rockstar uproar yesterday with <propfirst> slattery, <propmale> palermo, and <propmale>'s brother  my voice is gone and i'm still entirely physically drained after 11 hours of sleep  jeez "
new glasses! i can see again! yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
"ow, my freakin' back "
i need some headphones  does anybody have an extra pair?
those skittles commercials make me wish i had a skittles tree growing out of my stomach 
if the molehill won't come to <propmale>   then <propmale> must come to the molehill!
"dear sickness,\fuck off  thanks "
"lol, my mom doesn't think i can polish off two quarter pound burgers  bottomless pit stomach time "
hi everybody 
goodnight everyone  i'm fuckin' tired 
"so apparently my mom makes a pretty bitchin' chicken quesadilla \haha, bitchin' chicken "
"it's a bird! it's a superman! no, it's just a plane   "
"so my sister comes out here, looking for her phone charger cord, and rips almost all of the cords i already had in the computer out and tosses them wherever in the room, while her cord is sitting right on the fucking table  now i can't find half my shit  ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff"
da!
"hell yeah, grilled cheese "
wizaaaaaaaaaaaaaard!
\mom," can i stay home from school tomorrow?\""\"366 laugh 2c33f1705cdcd01297d42e542f9,so i put ten pairs of socks into my last load of laundry and six and a half pairs came out of my dryer    what the fuck 
hi guys 
"this weather, jeez "
wtf the wind is killing my house 
that makes me a saaaaaaaaaad panda 
where is ammo? nikolai is in deep shit!
i hate having sensitive teeth 
i need to stop being a soda junkie 
"there's just no way that we can win, that was a masterpiece "
"for whatever reason, i'm getting worse at cs the more i play \what the hell man "
"flames vs  panthers tomorrow \florida is going down \not that 99% of the people that i have added on here even like hockey   _ "
"oh man, i just shot <propmale> in the face "
"can anyone tell me how many times they say \excellent\"" in <propmale>'s world? 'cause chacha doesn't know because they suck <propmale> and i can't text kgb because i don't have premium texting """
"calgary is losing 2-0 to florida?\   really?\what the fuck man "
"dr  pepper makes a barbecue sauce?\   there is a god!"
"<propfemale>! get to the commvee!\smashing "
i want to play conker's bad fur day right now 
"hey, whoever called me at like 3 in the fucking morning and left me that retarded-ass voicemail \can you like, not do that? i like getting a good night's rest \thanks "
"time for the beddy byes \and i swear to god if i get another random-ass call at 3 in the morning i'm gonna blow up the universe "
playing through link to the past for the 5th or 6th time in the past 3 months 
"so, today, in my math class, ms  bingham was talking about the vanity plates her students made that were on her wall  one of them said \cream\"" and had a bunch of money signs on it"," and she said it stood for something  and i was the only person in the class that knew that it stood for \""cash rules everything around me\"" \"366 laugh 2c33f1705cdcd01297d42e542f9,you know i'd give you everything i've got for a little peace of mind 
"so i've been tagged in that 100 truths thing by a few people already, and just so you guys all know, i'm not gonna make one "
"since tomatoes are fruit, is ketchup a smoothie?"
good morning world  or at least the section that my facebook friends cover 
what's up guys?
"shit, today is depressing as fuck  i've already seen like 6 r i p  statuses and they're all for different people  what the hell "
"and my lips become percussion and my fists become the rage, and i pound on this table 'til it gives me something to say "
too many pup pup pup pup pup pup puppies
i love hot sauce 
"this raisin bran has more raisins in it than i've seen in a box ever \seriously, two scoops? this is like 45 "
"so, i wake up and walk into the bathroom so i can shower \immediately after i close the door, like within 2 seconds, my sister knocks on the door  \what do you want?\"" \""i have to use the bathroom real quick \""\",366 laugh 2c33f1705cdcd01297d42e542f9,am i the only person that isn't excited for prom doesn't know or care what the mistletoe ball is?
garlic bread is the shit 
anybody else considerably less excited for the snow since it starts as soon as we get off of school for thanksgiving?
bitches 
"rest in peace, xbox power brick \i wish my mom knew how to not plug a million things into the outlets around you and not blame me on it when all i have in the outlets is my xbox and my tv "
my xbox is unfucked!
"so, anyone else see that \walking shoes\"" ad?\",366 laugh 2c33f1705cdcd01297d42e542f9,"electronic <propfemale> claus\electronic <propfemale> claus\electronic <propfemale> claus\e-lec-tronic saaantaaa"
"i just saw a \buy a kilt for christmas!\"" advert and cannot control my laughter """
"i had a pretty fantastic night \but i wish the crowd knew how to shut up during songs "
a full refrigerator is a beautiful thing 
all i ever see when i come on here is disappointed people 
"just because i've already seen 20+ \school closed!\"" posts already i will make myself the first person to 'not realize' school is closed until around 10 o'clock"""
"i think i preferred my first semester's classes \although, these ones aren't the worst either "
"no school?\ok"
hello moscoooow
"fell asleep logged onto facebook \this could have turned out much worse "
"yeaaaaaaaaaaah go pittsburgh penguins!\that's who's going to the superbowl, right?\i never saw so many rbi's in one game of lacrosse though "
"just walked home from tank cause my bus got stuck in snow \great way to start the weekend "
"man, i love pierogies "
maybe i should respond to some of these app requests  'cause they don't stop coming 
"so there's a band named grimus?\creative  i have no idea where they could have gotten that from "
and just when i thought we were done with this fucking snow 
"hey percussion ensemble kids \someone tell mr  forte i can't make it tomorrow  i got suspended "
"why is it that every single time i get a little bit of alone time lately, i wind up thinking about how things were 4 years ago, and how people used to be, and all the good things that have come and gone? to be <propfirst> it makes me a little depressed "
8 months 14 days 12 hours and 15 minutes 
"one of the reasons why zune>apple   \ipod touch 8gb: $204 99 new\zune 80gb: $139 99 new"
"school website says closed - district offices closed\wnep says 2 hour delay\i don't even?"
dead space 2 is the shit 
there are few things on the planet more disappointing than an alarm clock on a school day 
i have decided to give up mortality for lent 
"boy, today's gonna be great "
eddies in the space time continuum 
i'm not ready for today 
shitty week is finally over 
"<propfirst> bieber was arrested for possession of bath salts?\hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha"
flames vs  avalanche tomorrow  hoping they can earn that 8th playoff spot 
"can someone wake me up?\this day could not get any shittier right now "
panzerfaust  bazooka-zooka panzerfaust 
"my phone is officially dead  charge port isn't working with any charger, i'm assuming the inside wiring is fucked or something  but thankfully my good friend <propfirst> gave me his spare phone and i'll have it on after service comes on after 6 am  may or may not be staying up  but if you still feel like texting me, hit me up with your number on here, don't send a text until like noon tomorrow  maybe later, just to be safe "
phone is now activated  send me a text with your name if you have my number  no pranks please? i'll just ignore you 
"woke up this morning around like 2 smile 0 i'd say, drenched in sweat  changed out of my clothes so i wasn't gross anymore, and have been awake since my mom got up to get ready 4, unable to fall back asleep since then  heart's beating abnormally fast, mouth is dry, lack of appetite, stomach pain  if i ate anything, i'd throw it right back up \i hope i can stay home, or today is probably going to be really shitty "
"if anyone has an env touch that they don't  use, if they wouldn't mind throwing the inside screen and or battery my way, that would be great "
is anybody else noticing that everybody seems to be wicked tired today?
do you think that if you were talking about guinea pigs to somebody in public that any nearby italian police would get offended?
i can't believe there are kids in my chem class that still think that making fart noises is funny  seriously? everyday?
so i miss playing the quads so much that i'm playing cadences on my futon 
heat lightning is cool as fuck 
"oh boy, i can't wait to run on 0 sleep today "
"i've never had such a long conversation about kh in my life \and i didn't even start it or want to partake, honestly  >_>"
<propmale> class is dragging 
"chillin' at band practice with the rest of the band fucking around behind me ohohohohohoho\i need a new picture "
what's with all the retarded order of operations math questions i'm seeing on here?
