c4841a796852f2dd388486b333e33bed
"this is so cool! try it  smile  the facebook tricks: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click  then press up & down & magic circles will appear (kinda like a <propfirst> of sunshine) the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     put this as your status if it worked for you  (totally sceptical about it, but then it worked  gets annoying though)"
third day in a row of going to sleep at 4 and waking up at 3
after looking at all my tagged photos i have decided that it is impossible for me to look coherent or sober in any picture 
"her face is cracked from smiling, all the fears that she's been hiding, and it seems pretty soon everybody's gonna know \what band and song? no google"
"i just got my new phone, same number as before 1-815-677-3837, i have no contacts though so text me so i have some "
"ya know that one 21 question app, well just read all my answers and got to say,  i'm a little surprised to see what the answers were   really makes me wonder about who answered them     (ponder)    "
"well everyone, it's been one year and we still all feel the pain of that day   rip <propmale> 1993-2009"
"well, i guess all i can really say is shit sucks and life is life   the only thing we can do is keep digging and hope the whole fucking thing doesn't come crumbling down on us "
"just so you know, the bass is in your face!"
"had an awesome week, played two shows with altered reality; my band with me, <propmale>, feiden, and <propfirst> feiden; and tommorrow gonna go <propfemale> out with <propmale> <propfirst>   life is good"
"i think what needs to be realized is that all these relationships we forge right now won't last forever, so we need to <propfemale> them while there here and remember them when they leave "
"when death sleeps, it dreams of you "
no one talks to me  sad 
first day of school     fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
today someone called me a hippie like its a bad thing   i'm a goddamn hippie and i'm fucking proud of it 
"same shit, different day"
"set out running but i take my time\a friend of the devil is a friend of mine"
"ran into an old friend today,  and i think im catching the flu "
"i am so fucking tired of our generation   you gotta have some fucking respect for yourself, other, and everyone in general   basically,  fuck shitheads, fuck em"
"i got my hair cut, and now look like im in a 70's rock band   this is awesome"
eyes wide open
"yaaaaaaa, today i found out my ban from 4chan has been lifted!  i just about shot through my ceiling with the dirty excitement "
"man, it's so nice to have finally kicked depression right were it needed to be kicked, square between the legs!"
i'm the fucking man and everyone should fucking know it!
"had a great day yesterday at marching competition, and hoping i'm gonna have a great day today"
"thanks you guys, it really means a lot to me   i have so many friends, lol"
"altered reality concert tonight, come see us play the oregon high school 'night of screams'!!"
"boring tuesday, boring wensday, boring th      "
"they\ say true friends go long periods of time without speaking and never \question their friendship  these friends pick up like they just spoke \yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live \and they don't hold grudges  they understand life is busy but you \      will   always love them  re-post if    you have at least 1 of \these friends  i am privileged to say that i do!!"
"happy halloween, bwahahahahahaha"
"woke up in the morning, \clock say half past one, \i have no sunglasses as i step into the sun "
"does <propmale> <propfirst> care about you?\<propmale> <propfirst> voted no!!!!"
"i think yelling should be reserved for only the most critical of \situations   like when someone drinks milk from out of the carton!"
come waste your time with me
"played civ for 6 hours, time to play again!"
"cleaned my room, it was getting waaaay to dirty, lol"
i am starting to find the beauty in silence
"shovel stairs, shovel sidewalk, discover stairs are covered in snow again    fuuuuuuu-"
"i hate winter, when i'm inside all day i get really tired and take lots of naps"
<propfemale> christmahanakwanzika!
"for christmas robb made me watch one man, one jar   i made him watch kids in the sandbox   <propfemale> christmas"
"got a nook and an xbox,  awesome!"
third day of straight xbox all day 
"she's a twentieth century fox, aw yeah"
i am so fucking bored
"hippy new year, start a revolution  v('-')v"
last day of freedom
"piece of advice, don't read about serial killers before trying to sleep cause every noise you hear will sound like someone breaking into your house to kill you, lol"
"my computer is broken, nooooooooooo       "
what is government if words have no meaning?
sometimes life just works against you  sad 
"just listened to the <propfemale> underground and nico, don't know how im gonna fall asleep, lol"
nobody said life was free and easy 
"one word, ween!"
controlled by gamma lights!
"truth, justice and the american freeway"
white pines is very serene this time of year
"come sail away with me, to portaguese, with fishes free and smooth musicians playing on the street for money"
"ever have one of those great days? 'cause i just did, lol "
ba-ba-badaboom!
