043e9ff8edbb351126e3a500f664d971
-today is a beautiful day 
is on her way back to albuquerque   smile 
thought that <propmale> <propmale> was amazing      but he could have played a few more songs    i'm in albuquerque until friday  smile )))))
is not a sculptor     blagggghh
is going to be a banana for halloween    smile  and she is going to albuquerque tomorrow   
hates essays 
is on her way to albuquerque
's facebook is written in a different language    
"is thankful that she has finally started that essay that she has been procrastinating for so long   \ """
isn't answering the phone anymore 
wishes that the zuhl librarians were more helpful and understood how to use a computer in the first place    ugh 
"is going to vomit if the couple next to her does not stop \baby\"" talking to each other   it would also be polite if they could make out somewhere else """
might be at unm next year   
eh    maybe not 
is up early studying for her <propmale> history final--the last one!!  and the most difficult   sad 
doesn't care about football 
"aaah, work is cancelled today  annoyed "
"soo   has anyone seen that juaquin phoenix documentary \i'm still here \""  weird    i could probably find something better to do with my time """
"is in <propfirst>, looking at schooolllss"
"doesn't know if texas is her thing     maybe <propmale> again     <propmale>, it is    smile "
hates washing dishes   blegh 
really really really doesn't want to go to work today 
hates her job 
"aaahhh, tooo muuuuccch vasari  !!!"
"has had too much caffiene, and has too much to do    ugh  overwhelmed "
"1 surprise 0 am, almost done   might have time for a couple of hours   "
"aaaaah, the weather is scary here   "
--two weeks notice!  let's see how this goes   
we often forget that we are nature  nature is not something separate from us  so when we say that we have lost our connection to nature  what we are really saying is we’ve lost our connection to ourselves 
reps questlove
"hey las cruces, you're really boring lately "
really likes st  <propfirst> of assisi 
<propfemale>! stop drawing in your italian renaissance textbook!
"hmm, the weather in las cruces is so beaauuutiful "
has a very nice boyfriend who will go to the store to get her medicine when she is sick    love 
"wishes that her apartment's water heater would stop going out, and she wishes that it wasn't so dang small and crowded and hot in here    sad   blegh "
   
hates you linolium 
"is cutting more linolium, drawing <propfirst> nicholson in charcoal, and listening to <propfirst> snore veeerrryyy loudly   love "
feminism isn't about having control---it's about having self respect   ugh  you're ignorant 
"will be in the print lab allll night long  \ """
"hasn't slept in 32 hours  and now that i can allow myself to have a break, i don't want to waste my time sleeping "
has a lot to doooo
wants to fall from the skyyy
   best  procrastinator  ever 
is mad at nmsu's <propmale> dep<propmale>ment for only offering drawing iii at 7 smile 0 in the morning 
"juuust might be in the library all night, regardless if they close or not "
just realized that it is rude to talk to yourself in the library    and weird 
gets annoyed 
"if someone in las cruces is looking for a roommate, let me know!  pleeaaasse "
registering for classes and figuring out financial aid stuff is the worst ever  ever 
"feels a lot better about her financial situation   and also, is moving "
is going to go write the worst research paper in the world    sad 
wishes that everything on her to-do list were done  and that her car wasn't broken  and that she were completely healthy     sad   bad week (s) 
    everyone is having children   iiicck 
"blah  too much caffeine  also, neighbors-can you please stop being obnoxious? i know you are drunken, redneck, college students, but i have things that need to get done  and you are hurting my head "
"lady behind me:  if you're conversing with me, all i hear is you being noisy   if you're not, this is a library   stop talking  i apologize for being mean about it "
wants for you to recommend some good music to her   thaaank youu!!
"\oil painting is an <propmale> for  women and lazy people like fra sebastiano\"""""
is in los <propfemale> 
"is in los <propfemale>, and is feeling very sagittarius-like    love  love  love "
had a very wonderful night 
"did well on her effing research paper  smile   smile   smile  now, for a week of no sleep and a million drawings, a million prints, and some graphic design "
likes the odds waaaaay better than the evens 
ugh  everything is difficult sometimes 
"if anyone is an e playful ert on adobe illustrator, i would really like your help, if you don't mind     thankkksss  ( i just have a simple question)"
"ah! nevermind, i got it   haha, i almost had a panic attack "
will be in this creepy drawing studio alllll niiiggghht long 
"computer, now is not the time to be slow   i need to use you "
there's no tiiime for planning!!!!!
"is a zombie!  also, is anyone willing to give me a ride to el paso tomorrow?  there's gas money and a hearty handshake and or hug in it for you   "
"wants to know if anyone is willing to drive her to el paso tomorrow?  there's gas money and a hug (or handshake) in it for you     (anyone in las cruces, that is)"
"okay  i need to figure this out   and now you won't answer me   if this is the way it is, then this is the way it is "
feels a million times better about life-situations   courtesy of a long-needed talk with a good friend  smile 
"hey arizona, can you please describe to me what an illegal immigrant looks like, i certainly would not like to come across one of them    "
locked the door  good luck getting in jerks 
has really really bad test anxiety and feels sick   sad 
"blah! stop being so dramatic, <propfemale>!!"
"okay, 57 minutes left   i feel like my heart is going to rip out of my chest   it should be really cool "
"is done with the worst test ever, and did better than e playful ected smile  aaand,\i'm very excited for the upcoming summer: interesting movies,\interesting books, graphic design, and las cruces being beautiful  love  love  love "
frustrated frustrated frusterated!!!
is a little heartbroken 
ugh  frick 
would like for you to look at her family 
got a job!  ah! yes   smile 
 smile   grades  are  innn   love  love  love 
loooovvves  a lot 
ugh  people use people 
has two jobs   smile   busybusybusy summer 
"ugggh  eweweewww, one of las cruces' giant cockroaches lives in one of my portfolios   will someone pleeeaaassseee come over and kill it?!?!?!?!"
"okay janitors of nmsu, and former ca   i don't know when we became friends  but it's creepy   i just wanted to let you know "
loves you 
"  and he was screamin, and everyone was like 'whatchoo screamin like it's the end the world?' and he was like 'well it is   '"
misses her piano 
--i don't understand you   that bothers me a lot sometimes 
can't remember a better day than today  love  love 
"sometimes i'd stand by the <propmale> wall, the sky'd be so big that it broke my soul"
's camera is not  working   sad 
alright  just got off work  i'm booooreed 
"okay, interesting night "
is moving  agggaaain 
"is doooone with work for the day   the mirror feel off in my car, so i guess i'm going to go glue it back haha  but, i'm off to climb picacho peak   love  love "
"camped at aguirre, with wonderful people, and is going to albuquerque at some point today  love "
"is back in las cruces    love   haha, already "
loves you 
"yellow is the color of my true love, yellow is the color of the sun "
"is lonely for the weekend \work, movie nights, books, and laundry sound nice   \call me if you're bored "
"yellow is the color of my true love's crossbow, yellow is the color of the sun \\ love "
"loves beautiful days  especially beautiful days where she is done with work, and gets to listen to beautiful music for the rest of the evening "
"did you all know that it is illegal to <propfemale> a lunch box down main street in las cruces?  and, did you know that a few years ago, a council member in albuquerque wanted to ban <propfemale> claus from the city? and, did you know that 400 words of \sexually e playful licit\"" content was supposed to be cut from <propmale> and <propfemale>?   i thought you would want to """
is very very very happy that <propfirst> is back   love  love  love 
is grumpy today 
is cleaning  and grocery shopping  and waiting for konrad to come visit me  smile 
is off work 
feels like having fun 
"if you ''like'' this status, i will post on your wall something i like about you, i guess   smile "
ugh  i hate you room 913 
"alright \i'm going to be in <propfemale> <propfemale>  albuquerque wednesday night  smile  until saturday-night "
ugh  this is why i live far away 
thank you thank you thank you earth for a beautiful las cruces down pour   love  love  love  love 
is bored at work   i want to do something liberating today 
wants cs5
"ah! no worries today, i'm just going to have fun "
wants to travel  out of new mexico 
is going to be lonely for the next two weeks   sad  blaaah 
is going to <propfemale> out with her grandmother today 
wants to know if anyone in las cruces would like to do something tonight?
is boredboredbored 
"is getting rid of one third of her clothes, and could probably still get rid of some  it was something i meant to do a year ago, probably  ah, now for the cleaning "
my head is going to e playful lode if i ever have to talk to an automated voice machine again 
's poor little kitten has to go to the vet today  sad 
"okay  plan:  clean, organize, goodwill, groceries shopping, veterinary, camera repair (finally), gym, el paso?, laundry  sleeeeep and mentally prepare for ridiculous people tomorrow "
"we live in such a beautiful place, las cruces   smile "
"we live in such a beautiful place, las cruces  \ smile "
"yes, pulp fiction "
thinks she will take a hike on tuesday up dripping springs  would anyone like to join me?
united blood services   stop calling me 
"has two days off this week, was able to get someone to cover for her next week so she can head to portales, and is excited that she finally has time to do something   smile   smile   smile "
's eyes are too tired 
"yesterday, <propmale> of mesilla told me that there was a place in heaven for me, and he also asked me for a glass of milk "
really hates the grove  their general manager is by far the rudest person i've met in the two years i've lived in las cruces 
aaah love love love
"ahh, school tomorrow, work today  summer's over "
"hmm, no roommate yet, and school starts tomorrow? yessss    "
ugh  first day of school and i already feel like there is too much on my plate 
"okay   i'm now stuck with just one job (unfortunately), a potential internship  (cross your fingers), and a full schedule  one less thing to worry about   now for dealing with the trolls at financial aid, and a day full of converting files to pdf format, organizing my portfolio, and printing my \will do for now\"" business card """
"oy, can't the world just love each other?"
"i don't need negative people in my life   i don't need ignorant people either  and i don't need people who won't talk, but only argue "
ugh  girls are too dramatic  i wish i could just forget about it 
"has a new photo album,  smile "
"ah, morning full of almond-vanilla coffee, yoga and getting ready for class    love   (check out my new album!)"
accidentally hit a butterfly with her car  sad  it came out of nowhere    
just sprinted across campus because she was three minutes late to her class only to find out that that particular class is only held on monday mornings   i could have slept in for four more hours  ha 
you think you're so smart? i'll tear out your liver and eat your heart 
goals for this semester:  start my screenplay; perfect my portable pinhole camera;  complete my woman-prints 
uggggggh  i guess i will clean now  i guess 
"is finally able to get all of her supplies, and is pretty excited about it "
"ahhhh, suuunnbuuurrrrrrn  ouuuch "
"ahh, i'm cold and hot at the same time  blaah"
is soooo tired 
neighbors below me: pleeaaase turn down your obnoxious hardcore music  please 
"oh, hello there thunder    "
just wants to be healthy again   
wants her health back! aaaaaaahhhh
"is grumpy this morning: i was rudely awaken  at six fifty  today is the only day out of the week that i'm allowed to sleep in later than that, my dramatic cat won't  shut  up  aaaaaannd i'm still sick  ugggh "
is excited to finally go to albuquerque in october for the cocorosie concert!  love  love 
"oh shoot--was almost better from the stomach flu, but luckily a head cold came my way   that was a close one     "
"i've got a cold-thing now  but, my class got cancelled, and it's only two weeks til i leave to albuquerque-family, friends, cocorosie, and the balloon fiesta  smile  so, things are good "
"photography as realism: this is a picture of my love in this daguerreotype photograph, except he's really not that <propfemale> "
 sad  i gave <propfirst> stomach flu 
uugggh  i'm such a terrible cook   i'm going to be eating quesadillas and plain spaghetti my entire life 
"went to albuquerque for a bit, saw my family, and was glad to <propfemale> out with a select few   and disappointed that the rest don't really care "
"needs a graphic design internship for summer 2011  aghh  any pointers? any criticism?  tips? i would like to go somewhere in portland, or or california, or maybe sante <propfemale>? <propfirst>? dc? florida?  i don't know, but i need to get the show on the road "
"alright camera, let's go shoot "
is sleepy 
"hey albuquerque, i'm leaving las cruces tomorrow to come visit you    should i bring a coat? maybe a hat and a scarf? or are you just not that cold yet?"
"cocorosie-amazing, beautiful, strange; albuquerque rio rancho-i need a break for a sec "
"has a very, very long day ahead of her "
"   baah, it's seven "
"heeey, my phone keeps randomly shutting off, in case you were texting me or calling "
   goodness 
aaaaaaahhhhh  i just want love and peace for everyone everywhere 
"sooo, for halloween: a \from the gulf of mexico-mermaid\"""""
"ugh  i hate football   all the bros took up my parking space at toucans, and it bothers be very badly that nmsu spends more money on athletics (4 1 million) than they do on their students "
blah  tired  grumpy  tiiiirrred 
is mad at her photography teacher for making her show up to class when he didn't  especially after he gave a lecture about being on time and showing up 
wishes that sleep weren't necessary 
has anyone seen the triplets of belleville?
"is going to be an actress today  give me pointers please, it's my first time "
 here it goes 
"is wiped  \ick  and i have fake blood (corn syrup chocolate syrup  red food dye) in my hair  blaaaah "
"a fun-filled day of cleaning, homework, cleaning, & homework "
blah  anyone use shutterfly? i'm frusterated 
"okay <propfemale>  make a list, and put everything that you need to do on said list  just don't lose the list "
"aaaacced her <propmale> history exam, and has completed her drawing  ah! now for the photo assignment "
ahh weekend 
"heeeeey!! i need models for a new drawing that i'm doing  i need eve--and <propfirst>   i have a garden, and a forbidden fruit  which is the same thing as a pomegranate in the drawing   smile   give me a call asap!  \\thank you!"
is tired  again  and has a lot of homework  again  sleep? or be sleep deprived? again     
"still doesn't care about football  \and also, \loooves this time of year, especially in lovely las cruces "
bahhh---i can't find the transparency compound    sad 
draaainned  draaaaaaiiiiinnnnneeed 
prefers when it is free 
"is glad you returned safely   now, i will yell at you for hours and hours if you ever do that again    love "
must not ever sleep again  tips comments suggestions?
 sad  boo new mexico 
"alright  advising today, got my spring 2011 schedule worked out "
just found 20 dollars in my pocket  smile 
hey! who's in history of photography with <propfemale> <propfirst> with me?!?!?!?!  you should call me! 505 934 2049
"ugh  <propfemale> sontag is comparing guns to \point and shoot\"" cameras """
wishes that she were a prisoner in plato's cave so that she could better relate the situation to photography  photographs 
 sad  drawing class at seven in the morning  what i'll really come out of this class with is how to sleep and draw at the same time 
"has finally made something worthwhile in printmaking, she thinks   it took long enough "
wants to go overseas 
"ha, registered at six this morning   \schedule: darkroom photography (  smile   smile   smile   ), graphic design, and multicolor digital production, culture of the 1950's and illustrator   annoyed   one more   i think i'm going to not take an <propmale> class   astronomy? i kind of want to take witches wives and women class   that sound interesting, i just don't want to overload myself with <propmale> history "
is going to screaaaaammmmdsfal;kd;fj
is officially on thanksgiving break   this whole week will be constant homework doing 
"hey, i guess i'm going to be in las cruces after all for thanksgiving   anyone down to help me make a thanksgiving dinner?  it'll be fuuuuun "
will someone take me to see <propmale> potter?  is it going to be out tomorrow?  is there a midnight showing?!  i want to knooooowww 
blah  i dropped the turkey  it slipped 
"ugh   drawing, you have frustrated me once again "
it's just me and <propfemale> today       annoyed 
"is bored, and everyone's gone "
is 21  smile 
alright  all-nighter  let's do this  nowwwww 
"all-nighter: night #2  (soooo tired   don't fail me now \7 hour energies\"")"""
"the river is scary at night, sometimes "
"just one more all night for the semester  i mean, i think  and hope "
k  almost done with prints 
ugh  my macs not charging   
goal:  out by midnight 
"completed my goal, and got a good grade in printmaking "
good luck on finals everyone!!
just got a b on a seven <propfemale> paper she wrote in an hour   it's a miracle!!
"aaah, muuust concentrate     "
write like the wind <propfemale>!!!
is officially done with the first half of her <propmale> year 
"heyheyhey, guess i'm going to albuquerque on tuesday  smile  ((and coming back thursday or friday) "
ugh  when are grades going to be posted?!
is in albuquerque  and has stomach flu  again blah!
" smile   feels much better, and it going to start her day off with some green tea, yoga, and a nice hot shower, and maybe a walk in the snoooowww love  love  love "
"had a lovely, lovely day with <propfirst>  went to breakfast, went to the bookstore, went to a museum, dinner, and a movie   smile  (and tron was really neeaaat, by the way), and now moving on to red wine and apples to apples   \\hmmm love   love   love "
accidentally cut her hair way  too  short   ugggh 
"is done with her travels for now, and is back in las cruces "
is not looking forward to stepping out on this <propfemale> day 
does anyone know when nmsu's financial aid office will be open?
"man, i'm so organized when school isn't in session   eating healthy, all my laundry is done, the kitchen is clean, aaand i'm starting to recycle more "
wooorrrk today  lame 
"today, and hopefuly the entire semester, i am motivated "
loves her little kitten 
"i had a dream that i was climbing a mountain, but i was terrified of falling  when i finally got off of the mountain, i showed my father a lunar eclipse   my dreams don't make sense "
does anyone have a bookshelf for sale?  something around $50 or less   (mostly less)
who wants to bring me a five hour energy drink and a foot massage?  pleeaaaassse 
skype me!
bah  annoyed  annoyed!!
"is never going to catch up with homework, work, laundry, dishes, cleaning or anything "
"and <propfirst> built a bookcase   sort of  it was twenty five dollars, and from walmart, but, i guess it works "
loves life! and thinks you should too!!!
"how i started my morning:  with a cough, a hoarse voice, and an exacto knife in my big toe, and finger   happy monday!"
"heeey, facebook adobe illustrator e playful erts:  i need your help!"
who wants to bring me soup?
make my hair grow  aagggghhhh
"ah! love the google valentines icon today, very <propmale> glaser  also, \happy valentines day "
just finished her first professional logo and professional product illustration!!
"hmm, something exciting happen in my  life today, please "
is having a beautiful day 
"okay, adobe illustrator cs5 e playful erts::::  for some reason whenever i make shapes or fills, or anything to do with color, it doesn't come out in color, only in a gray scale   what am i doing wrong?"
okay   who here can help me fix my car?  you would the nicest person ever if you did 
"\i have a grandiose life  sorry my life is so much more bitchin' than yours  i planned it this way \""  --<propfirst> sheen """
"meant to wake up at 5    \blaaah "
"okay  off of work, darkroom, date, homework, reading, and work#2 "
"first day of spring break love \and i have lots to do   but nothing school related, for the most part "
noooo   today is the last day of spring break  sad 
"yesss, critique first class, and cancellation second class   love "
"is doing spring cleaning, and just found twenty dollars in an old coat  yes "
