7b447e8d8a77197671de3fdb92c5e444
"if you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack  if you don't have it, no matter what else there is, it's not enough "
nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up
my cars broke (needs an o2 sensor) and i cant wait for this mission trip!!!!
"i wish i was a little more outgoing    o well, lifes still good"
"beach was awesome,  now im bored   "
sometime were so busy trying finding others that we loose ourselves  will i wake up tomarrow and remember who i am?
"sometime were so busy trying to find others that we loose ourselves  when i wake up tomarrow, will i remember who i am?"
going to play some paintball 
"if being powerless is evil, is having power justice ? then is revenge evil ? but then how can friendship coexist with justice?"
tears bring pain to those around you    a false smile brings pain to one self
the world won't change with pretty words alone
tears bring pain to those around you   a false smile brings pain to one self   
would you taint your hands with evil to defeat evil?
i found a friend or should i say a worthy adversary to keep me entertained     (evil grin followed by maniacal laughter)
im bored    im gunna go drive around 
"no, but what you can do is take a size to small socket and hammer it on and then use a ratchet "
"a) yes definently b) anyday, im free all week  c) sure pizza sounds good  d) definently what games what games do you like?"
"to love is to risk not being loved in return  to hope is to risk pain  to try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest danger in life is to risk nothing  (then i will take the risk)"
"i know that you believe you understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what i meant!"
"does anyone car enough to let me vent, im in a really really rough spot and i need a person to talk  too "
"does anyone care enough to let me vent, im in a really really rough spot and i need a person to talk too "
thanks to all of you!!!!
my answer is yes
the answer is yes!
   now     screw it im to tired to think of a status     so     whatever
"my hope was just hit again, im not going to be on facebook much anymore  so if you need me for something important my cell (919)636-2892"
everthings gunna be alreight!!
he's got an athletic cup for a hearing aid!!!
im not pretty!!!
"before when i shut my eyes i just saw darkness, now when i close my eyes i feel the light on my face, and it is warm with hope for a brighter tomarrow!!!"
"before when i shut my eyes i just saw darkness, now when i close my eyes i feel the light on my face, and it is warm with hope for a brighter tomarrow!!!"
stopppppppppp just shut up please you two stop i cant type because your doing this to much
"to love is to risk not being loved in return  to hope is to risk pain  to try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing "
"before when i shut my eyes i just saw darkness, now when i close my eyes i feel the light on my face, and it is warm with hope for a brighter tomarrow!!!"
"when your mind is out of the way, your heart can shine brighter then any <propfemale>!"
"too often students are given answers to remember, rather than problems to solve "
18 year 6 months and 6 days   ok now what?
"hmm, district 9    a strange biography    a little pervasive   but it was cool!"
feels like he's fading away from    everything    
"if you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack  if you don't have it, no matter what else there is, it's not enough "
"if you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack  if you don't have it, no matter what else there is, it's not enough "
"you want to think and say that you have everytning you need, but then you realize that something is missing, someone is missing    and once you think you've found it, it goes and disappears on you and you don't understand what to do or even where to start looking for that missing piece of the puzzle  you sit at home in lonely frustration and you just wait   wait   and wait  no where to look, no one to look for   "
"you want to think and say that you have everytning you need, but then you realize that something is missing, someone is missing    and once you think you've found it, it goes and disappears on you and you don't understand what to do or even    where to start looking for that missing piece of the puzzle  you sit at home in lonely frustration and you just wait   wait   and wait  no where to look, no one to look for   "
"you want to think and say that you have everytning you need, but then you realize that something is missing, someone is missing    and once you think you've found it, it goes and disappears on you and you don't understand what to do or even    where to start looking for that missing piece of the puzzle  you sit at home in lonely frustration and you just wait   wait   and wait  no where to look, no one to look for   "
happy!!!
life is hard right now so im going to give a quote    never let go of hope  one day you will see that it all has finally come together  what you have always wished for has finally come to be   you will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself    how did i get through all of that?
never let go of hope  one day you will see that it all has finally come together  what you have always wished for has finally come to be  you will look back and laugh at what has passed and you w   ill ask yourself    how did i get through all of that?read more
never let go of hope  one day you will see that it all has finally come together  what you have always wished for has finally come to be  you will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself    how did i get through all of that?
"all moved in, and leeching off of some randoms wireless!!! apartment is awesome!!!"
"moving on, is an easy thing, what it leaves behind is hard   so remember   a friend is a hand that is always holding yours, no matter how close or far apart you may be  a friend is someone who is always there and will always care  a friend is a feeling of forever in the heart!"
internet is bad    text or call me
"will get internet cable next week, and his job finalized tomarrow   and also has a possible room mate so    well i dont have any complaints!"
"has a room mate lined up  moves in oct 1, cable internet comes  next week so i dont have to go to panera bread    and school started     i have 8 class room test and 6 engine rebuild test in    haha 15 days    14 tests    15 days    im  actually looking forward to my tests    sweet but still wish me luck, and pass a prayer, as i am for all of you! peace"
a call wouldnt kill ya?! i need someone to talk to   
yo yo
decide for me    yes or no?
i choose__________maybe   
something deep down in my soul has come unsettled     something is not right in this world   and for some reason i feel that it might be connected related to me      but what is it? pray for all those around me 
        life is         well you know    
life is odd    that just makes it interesting!!!
is confused at what god wants him to do     so    what should i do?
are my words empty?
"we must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us "
"cool christmas sky, i love the stars  i wish for hope and joy to all my friends, and remind them tonight that god (and me) loves them!"
"is a little lost, and could use advice    "
"when its finally over, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends "
i'm not asleep    but that doesn't mean i'm awake
war does not determine who is right--only who is left
better to get up late and be wide awake than to get up early and be asleep all day
it's so lonely when you don't even know yourself 
it's this week again   
"lost my cellphone, but should have a new one by wednesday"
"feel like an afterthought, full of meaning but has no use "
¡??po? ??o? ?u??o? s? ????o?q ?? ???? p????x? s?
¡o?q s?? ???? ????? o? ???? ?u?? '??p?n??s s??? ??o? ou
"sad that bens gotta go back tomarrow, but enjoied having him home this weekend!"
this is a small world
   really? am i that wrong all the time   
"materializing in the midsts of a desolate wasteland, fallen gently glanced around, scanning the <propmale> of empty dunes  raising his right hand, he aimed his index finger towards one dune in paticular, slowly raising the finger  smiling, he suddenly gripped down into a fist, chuckling as the sand detonated from within, each grain self-destructing in a titanic force* good  i still have my abilities, if <propmale> "
"almost 60,000 people in this city    yet theres n surprise ne i want to see, no one i want to talk to, no one i trust  dont think it depressed  just lonely "
"im still the same   almost 60,000 people in this city    yet theres n surprise ne i want to see, no one i want to talk to, no one i trust  dont think it depressed  just lonely"
i finally got a new cell phone    but now i have no <propfirst>    anyone want to helo me with that???
so school     im bored anyone wanna <propfemale> out sometime???
"\no school   im bored   anyone wanna <propfemale> out sometime???"""
1st barely anyone gave me <propfirst> when i asked   so the 4 people i have phone <propfirst> for dont cant <propfemale> out    so yea still sitting in my basement    really depressed   
"if you have built castles in the sky, your work need not be lost; that is where the should be  now put the foundations under them  when my friends move away it makes me wish that i had tried so much harder to be with them    i really wish they wouldnt leave "
sometimes people good intentions can really hurt you    
??? ????? ?? ?????? ?????   
???? ????? ? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ?????!!!!!
"my, cellphone is having text problems, so i cant send or recieve some texts    sorry"
theres a party at my house and im not invited
life is odd   
what are your opinions on manga and anime???
"you block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith  i put my faith in god's wisdom, because no fear is bigger then him "
has en stuk in bed with a fever the last 2 days   
"my internet is really laggy, and is missing half of the letters i type"
