74dcdba677c14c97e923be6f5d436931
three days tell my family comes to maryland    soo excited!!!!
<propfemale> left today  sad 
doesn't feel so good today  sad 
very irritated
watching my sister attempt to get all dolled up for <propmale> michaels tonight  toooo funny!!!! i should go in my pjs hahah!!!
wondering what the heck i should be for holloween yikes!
"is reevaluating her life today, very home sick!!! i love <propfemale> but my heart is in wi, lets face it there really is no place like home   sad  i want my mommy cause my sister just isn't cutten it!!!!!!! lol  i only kid <propfemale> gosh don't take my head offf after readin that!  playful "
anyone feel like paiting with me ?? lol
"soo   my dog decided to show me how upset he was at me by allowing me to come home to my brand new sofa all chewed up  now he sits outside in his kennal in the rain, should i feel guilty?"
happy sweetest day   
"how to rate a movie   the \crystalmeter\""    level: holding blanket over her eyes to dry the tears sobbing  lmfao"""
my head hurts today  sad 
"dog park didn't go so well today, it's that time for sampson to get snipped    poor guy!"
copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1 sad razy  2:i'd marry you  3:talkative  4 annoyed arcastic  5:moody  6: spoiled  7:mouthy  8:random  9:hot  10:funny  11:fit  12:amazing  13:tough  14 sad ute  15:bf gf type  16 playful layer  17:the best  18:quiet  19: adorable  20: annoying  21: rude  22:boring  23: charming 24: sassy  dont be shy tell me now    haha! this shall be fun!!!
"<propfirst> <propfirst> passed away on april 29, 2009  i could tell you his story but in no way, could do as great of a job his family had done, when they created a website in his memory  i ask you tke a look at it even if you hadn't known him  his story really makes you think how much the choices \we\"" ourselves make can effect those we leave behind  http annoyed  www jessejamesmason com <propfirst>s_webpage my_lesson html"""
watching the game with my boo                
thhehhheee ravennnns ssuuuuuckkk!! haha jk but my friends will not be thrilled i said that anyways  playful  nanana boo boo
"wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; people with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least an hour "
thank you everyone for all for the congrats 
"wow! lets just say my husband believes ive made some poor choices recently  like blurting out to our friends & family how he bought me a new pair of shoes! yep i said it again baby! so mr  michaels revenge was to paint our entire bathroom kirmet the frog green omg! yes, he got a few good laughs out of my reaction, but at the end of the day it took him three hours, and i got the last laugh  love you too baby ?"
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh, that you can say is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down, and a man you can thank god for every night  copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date  2-16-10"
"people need to understand that kids with special needs don't have an illness, there is no cure & it's not contagious  they only want what we all want: to be accepted and treated the same  most of you probably won't copy and paste this  will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour? it's special education week and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding "
"another beautiful day to be outside in my \not so there yet\"" garden"""
such a beautiful day here in <propfemale>  smile 
"mothers' day declaration ~ i wanted and loved you before you were born  i loved you when you were born, i saw your face and i knew that i was in love  before you were a minute old, i knew i would die for you  to this day, i still will  put this on your status if you have children you love more than life"
"tough girls come from new york, sweet girls they're from alabama, but us wisconsin girls, we have fire and ice in our blood  we can ride horses, drive tractors, throw left hooks, and drink with the boys, all while making some beer brats, tending to the kids and baking a cake  and lord knows if we have an opinion, you are going    to hear it! repost if you're a true wisconsin girl!!!"
thank you everyone for the b-day wishes     xoxox
"watching <propfirst> and his brother lay tile    who would have thought remodeling is so exhausting!!!  to hell with buying a fixer upper and personalizing it yourself, give me brand knew!!! but thank you to all my other friends who have helped during this time *muah"
going to my daddies today with the boys to play with the big boy toys    figure they need a break  plus my hunny's paint ball gun looks pretty interesting    perhaps a little pointing it at the boys while there riding there 4wheelers?? hehehe
just put my kiddo to bed   long day when someone doesnt get a nap! now it's movie time with my hunny muah*
can't believe my little one has started school   missing the mommy and me days already!!! hummmm now what??
wish <propfirst> liked the heat as much as i do : ( soooo not excited for this time of year  cold and foootball season!
"rain rain go away, come back another fkn day!!!!"
i need to get away
"what a crazy morning! and now i forgot it was picture day at school  what was i thinking  \bad mommy\""   thank god for picture retake days """
"i carried a child within my body  i have comforted a baby on my chest  i have kissed booboos, mended broken hearts, been puked on, peed on, woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child  my body isn't magazine perfect (beauty is only fleeting), but when i look in the    mirror i see a mom, and there is no greater honor or blessing  make this your status if you're proud to be a mom  ?"
i love you hunny!!!
"i might not be the most beautiful, or the sexiest, nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyones first choice, but i'm a great choice  i don't pretend to be someone i'm not, because i'm too good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, but i'm proud of who i am today  take me as i am or watch me as i walk away! post this to your status if your proud of being you "
"sanding sucks, our house is a mess plus a four year old who i am unable to cook for because mommy can't use the kitchen, tell who knows when  i thought this was going to be a much easier job, boy was i sadly mistaken  gurr"
"wow, exhausted!! i got a lot done today in the kitchen, only took until 2 am  can't wait for hubby to see  he will be so happy, because that means little work left for him to do  hahah"
"another day of painting, never ends!"
"so today was picture re-take day, and on the way walking into school <propmale> went face first into the side walk  his face looks just awful, just our luck! there for leaving us no choice but no pictures  sad  mommy <propfemale> sad  <propmale>, happy    he says he's tuff!!! haha <propfemale> cute muah* \ soon to come pictures\"""""
"my first halloween in wi vs md in three years without all my friends  i really miss all of you now  sad  tonight wont even compair to the memories we have made  now it's time to make new ones  thank you everyone for the great times we have shared together and please have a drink for me, or a few lol  love ya!!!!!!!!!! xoxox"
"the next person that dare speaks, is about to get an ear full    "
"coles in bed, hubby gone     can't get use to this day light savings time now i'm bored  sad "
gone hunting all weekend
trying to figure out weather or not to like all the knew snow our to hate it 
"i can't sleep, wish <propfirst> would get home already   : ("
ugh! please god give me motivation to get through today 
"okay, so who has netflix and uses it on wii?"
just <propmale> and i today and i couldn't be any more happier 
"update:: surprise n friday, facebook will start using your photos in ads that will appear on the profile pages of your friends  it's legal and is mentioned in the fine print on account creation  to prevent this, click on: account, account settings, the \facebook ads\"" tab on the top right  it may tell you about their \""policy\"" (click close) and then choose \""no one\"" on the drop-down menu and save changes  please pass this on!"""
i am so upset with my sons father right now gurrrrr!!!!!!
