62ce1e79e847131eb62113d85ec1bb57
"the road to hell is paved with good intentions \lauryn hill\"""""
was told he was cute this week by a uk girl   smile 
is so exicted for his up incoming national speech competitions and journalism classes
"is here, and is significant "
"internalized this truth: \to be great is to be misunerstood \"" - <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"""
is ready for speechhhh team national competition and journalismmmm
is tired 
is taking up smoking for a healthy hobby 
is alone 
is in love  i had the tendency to fall fastly in love 
is learning optimism and the <propmale> of independence 
says facebook is depressing 
i look around and wake up alone 
"he takes all of my positive energy, trapped in my memory "
<propmale> is now a a broadcast journalism student 
is now a broadcast jounalism student 
will be loved the way he loves 
cell phone as of today is lost and needs to be found 
today i called and talk to a staff member at harvard university   i told myself hey why not?
"will be performing stand up comedy at \comedy on the couch\"" on the 3rd floor of atkin-colby at 9 pm today """
says thank you to all who wished me a happy birthday 
"is remarkably not depressed today, i am thankful for this "
"looks back and says \i've been thorugh the fire and the flood and i'm still here \"""""
is in a open relationship with his mind 
is in a prolific open relationship with his mind 
is a little lonely  sad 
"was told to \take a hike\"" from someone who says their not trying to be rude   laughable """
is fighting in the game of life 
teacher learned under the same professor who taught <propfirst> <propfirst> 
anyplace is better  starting from zero got nothing to lose  maybe we'll make something  but me myself i got nothing to prove
anyplace is better  starting from zero got nothing to lose  maybe we'll make something  but me myself i got nothing to prove2 hours ago clear
"wonders is my living in vain?   no, cause after all its eternal gain "
"lately i've been thinking about my own protection, so whats love got to do with it?"
"lately i've been thinking about my own protection, so whats love got to do with it?"
"lately i've been thinking about my own protection, so whats love got to do with it?"
is the ultimate token 
got to convey a message directly to <propfemale> hill (his prophetess)
realizes that the cost benefit factorin ending a relationship isn't always black and white 
personal truth is more powerful than socialization 
all things can not be e playful lained merely within and all solutions cannot be found merely within   humans are social beings 
is taking one day at a time in acheiving contentment 
is learning to write broadcasting news yay!!!
"was invited to perform in peoria, ill  tommorow "
has a terrible skin rash    sad 
just had a heated racial debate with his friends who happen to be white 
just had a heated racial debate with his friends  who happen to be white    talk about provocative!
for once won't say what's on his mind on facebook 
"beware the false motives of others, be careful of those who pretend to be brothers, and you never suppose it's those who are closet to you "
jesus was a socialist 
is moving on 
is sad 
performed and had the croud the rocking  i feel much better 
the love of all mankind should reflect some sign  of these  words i'm trying to recite
<propmale> <propfirst> finially admitted he's gay  congratulations!
did some serious networking with local and national tv news directors today!!!
is fed up with quiet racism and speculating on it 
was just told by a hispanic criminal justice student that he is fine with racially profiling and does it all the time 
was just told by a hispanic criminal justice student that he is fine with racially profiling and does it all the time 
needs peace of mind 
"is in a dilemma  pride and dignity are having a war, sometimes fighting on the same side aganist me and for me "
just got invited today to go to the house of a olympics usa today newspaper sports writerand also got two former tv reporters <propfirst> today 
is on the front <propfemale> of the daily vidette newspaper today!
i've been the victim of a selfish kind of love 
shot the sheriff but didn't shoot no deputy 
facebook is depressing 
the daily vidette newspaper chose my picture as pic of the week!
"is particpating in a day of silence a national movement bringing attention to the silence faced by gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people and their allies "
"black youth arrested for drug possession  for       the first time are incarcerated at a rate that is forty-eight       times greater than the rate for white youth, even when all other       factors surrounding the crime are identical   <propmale> wise"
"black youth arrested for drug possession  for the first time are incarcerated at a rate that is forty-eight       times greater than the rate for white youth, even when all other       factors surrounding the crime are identical  <propmale> wise, harvard and national speaker"
has finally for the most part moved on 
"says \what's on your mind?\"""""
"just walked out of the presence of a friend because of his insensitive heterosexist remarks, which he calls jokes "
just had his motion picture opening today 
thinks he may have been deleted today by 2 people   life moves on 
room looks like a crackhouse according to <propfirst> luo     interesting movies we are watching   
living the status quo is boring 
exchanging self worth for company has been too costly 
exchanging self worth for company has been too costly 
is <propmale> l  <propmale> and is loving that fact again 
is in the process of weeding out negative influences and has been so much healthier because of it 
is reminded everyday despite his accomplishments; he's still a young black male 
is writing a story on gay teen suicide 
"fear is bes sustained by convincing them(blacks) that their bodies are ugly, their intellect is inherently underdevel'oped, their culture is less civilized, and their future warrants less concern than that of other peoples "
"fear is best \sustained by convincing them(blacks) that their bodies are ugly, their \intellect is inherently underdevel'oped, their culture is less \civilized, and their future warrants less concern than that of other \peoples "
"question: how would you react if someone told you, to them you look like a classier homeless person?"
is black 
after much thought and conflict i've made the decision to disassociate myself with some crude so called family members and friends 
"i wonder my former bully's, ever thought about their legacy  i bet there are many former racists who live in regret  will my generation feel this way about their mistreatment to us in the glbt community?"
i wonder if my former bully's ever thought about their legacy  i bet there are many former racists who live in regret  will my generation feel this way about their mistreatment to us in the glbt community?
"i enlightened a young woman last night, which made the world less hurtful  priceless "
jesus was a socialist 
me and <propfirst> z agree that <propfemale> hill is the greatest female rapper of all time  i think she's the best of all time as well 
a study came out recently that showed that over 90% of whites disagree with reparations for black decendents from slavery but when given the same scenario for them 61% wanted reparations ---around the same # of blacks who agree with reparations 
"is going to <propfirst> to audition to be on the reality show \oprah's next big <propfemale> talkshow host!\"""""
"is going to <propfirst> to audition to be on the reality show \oprah's next big <propfemale> talkshow host!\"""""
"is going to <propfirst> to audition to be on the reality show \oprah's next big <propfemale> talkshow host!\"" yeah!"""
is learning to better his rhetoric skills and arguments 
question: is it counter productive to assert that one is in a oppressed group in society?
wonders are there any non racist gay guys?
wonders why he has encountered so many racist gay guys 
had a amazing 5 hour conversation debate with another bi guy! life is great(today)
is gettin arab money!!!!(no offense to my arabiac facebook friends)
"they sunk their teeth in my heart with their unconcern, and on one level i learned i let them, so i could feel some connection outside of myself "
signed the colorofchange org petition to remove <propfirst> beck off of the television airways 
spoke on the national radio <propmale> banks show yesterday on glbt rights and is flying to <propfirst> today to try out for his own talk show with oprah 
i'm doubtful and hopeful at the same time waiting to see if i make the call back for my own show on the oprah winfrey network 
is black african american negro according to the u s census 
how your race affects the messages you get on dating sites---great study on my profile(its scary)
dolla dolla <propmale> yall!!! lol
racism is whack!
homophobia is whack!
is scared and sad that nearly all his friends have left isu
is starting to hold the belief that causual sex will never be right for me 
is starting to hold the belief that causual sex will never be right for him 
i feel more alive and happy that i got a wonderful cheap apartment for the year!!!
it takes courage to stand in a church and advocate for equality as a person tells you your going to hell for your beliefs (i'm still smiling regardless of the ignorance)
is getting flown to the uk by his first ever boy friend in november to meet his folks!
my bf told me to tell all my friends hi and thanks for the congrats! his name is <propfirst> thompson(20 yr old) he works as a professional model and lives in the uk and has houses in la and <propmale> 
phone got stolen a few days ago!
phone got stolen a few days ago but better yet gay marriage is legal is cali now!!!
hates waiting in vain
has more hope in his new found relationship!
loves his friend <propfirst> cotton and really likes his new room mates!
is loving his new classes and looking forward to creating a closer bond with friends and my sweetheart <propfirst>
is loving his new classes and looking forward to creating a closer bond with friends and his sweetheart <propfirst>
"just got done shopping at aeropostale, the gap, and hollister with his friend meggie and <propfemale>, and then got some prime time pizza!"
just saw a very cute same sex couple holding hands at isu!
is buying a new lab top 
is cracking up that the isu crime alert looks like a sketch of him!
is cracking up that the isu crime alert looks like a sketch of him!
just got his locks redone 
has learned the lesson 
"got told by two people online last night \i don't do black guys\"""""
"got told by two people online last night \i don't do black guys \"" racial discrimination ironically in search of love hurts"""
"isu is by far the most unfriendly, cold, and cliquish place i’ve ever to in my life "
happy 75th b-day to my mom grandmom!
i am with one of the greatest people in the world <propfirst> lou   and were going clubbing!!
just got done meeting the actor b d  wong from law & order annoyed vu and thinks the crowd thought he was hitting on him   lol
is at the illinois state university speech tournament!
<propmale> sanchez from cnn's <propmale>'s list has been fired??? this is such an injustice!
someone bring <propmale> sanchez back!!
my mindset is on moving foward so i don't dwell on things that bring my spirit down 
chillin with my friend <propfirst>!
feels like he's being changed somehow through god  i thought this would never happen 
"hey friends, so i'm stared at all the time and i don't know why and it really freaks me out even though i try to hide it, why do you think this happens?"
"is crossing his fingers that this \lunch\"" leads to a date """
spent way to much money in downtown chicago this weekend 
had an amazing and shocking night 
had an amazing and shocking night and just found out <propfemale> <propfemale>'s mother was born in his small town!
walked out of a comedic show at isu because of it's homophobic stereotypes 
walked out of a comedic show at isu because of it's homophobic stereotypes and posted a video on youtube!
"is here and from the looks of it, is here to stay!"
still i rise
is going to class folks 
"goodbye freedom of speech, hello broadcast journalism (juan <propmale> joke \no relation\"")"""
is dreaming of a multicultural christmas 
"has spent over 6,000 dollars needlessly omg!"
life is good 
45 pages to go 
vote people!
is engaged to life 
i feel like i need a life right now ( feelings aren't always an indicator or reality i realize)
teach me how to dougie 
hates to see anyone in pain who dosen't deserve it 
racial prejudice will be the death of me!(literally according to a harvard study)
was part of an amazing study 1 on 1 interview that lasted for 3 5 hours on african american male bisexuality 
remember's when he had a bald fade!
is ready for love 
this paper is kicking my ass!
it's mr still your girl boy!
is alive 
is blessed to have such a friend as <propfirst> cotton!
"is getting married to himself, once they legalize same person marriage!"
i bet the neighbors know my name 
is reconnecting with family this week! yay!
"(first) as i sat on a couch with over $500 of clothing on, my room mate accuses me of stealing toothpaste "
i'mm 22 now!
thanks to everyone for their birthday wishes! have a great holiday 
is in the chicago <propfirst> hotel with friends celebrating my b-day!
obama for 2012!
"will find a date, once he finds someone who thinks gender roles are useless!(i know i'm speaking in 3rd voice lol)"
is lonely 
is more optimistic 
needs an internship asap!
i have noticed all my pics are just me  i guess i love myself more than most 
same sex civil unions are legal in illinois!
is taking a 10 minute break 
whips his hair back and forth!
sometimes facebook is depressing 
that wasn't awkard  it's facebook 
"my room mate is extremely disrespectful, rude, hostile, uncaring, and the list goes on  it would make a great reality show though "
actress and model <propfemale> heard from pineapple e playful ress comes out!
some people never have class 
it's been a long time coming but i'm still here!
"here i am world, and i'm here to stay!"
time heals all wounds 
sees a silver lining 
"to use the word \gay\"" as a negative adjective is utterly despicable and non justifiable """
"former abusive friendsip quote:  me: \d you treat me like crap!\"" d: \"" <propmale> but you are crap\"" lol"""
why is my facebook friend <propfemale> on the <propfemale> show right now pranking her boyfriend?
denial of pervasive racism is a huge part of the problem (particularly in the gay community)   post racial my ass!
denial of pervasive racism is a huge part of the problem (particularly in the gay community)   post racial my ass!
if i have to write one more darn citation i'm going to pull one of my locks out 
should i delete this people?
just deleted two people out my life who made me feel less worthy and i feel much better 
i can be changed by what happens to me  but i refuse to be reduced by it  ~maya angelou
hanging with my sister and neice on christmas day 
is back at isu
is livin it up!
liberals stand up!
