8e9edcfe1cf5a4c4c2de176a2a37a8c2
"is in shock about mj's death   he was, and always will be, a legend   rip "
"is in walla walla, wa getting ready for mmr "
is in london and is heading off to munich in 6 hours 
had a great day visiting wa friends and got his picture taken with <propfemale> damrau!!!
will be singing the role of goro with phoenix opera in february!!!
"is in phoenix, az preparing for his debut with phoenix opera in madama butterfly!!!"
"had happy birthday <propfirst> to him by the phoenix opera company, had some good late night sushi with a new friend, and had an outpouring of love and happy birthdays from friends and family   thank you god for a wonderful day!"
"is going to be on kbaq radio online at 12pm pacific, 3pm eastern time in phoenix opera's production of madama butterfly!!!"
is making his new <propfemale> opera debut in turandot tonight singing the role of pang! woohoo!!!
saying to all ihs graduates to check out the group invite to the reunion   inglemoor high school class of 2000 reunion   hope to see you there  smile 
"is on his way to seattle for his hs reunion, then to walla walla for mmr, then to the catskills to perform falstaff   this is going to be a fun and busy two weeks!  god i love what i do  smile "
is laying on the floor in <propmale> int'l airport catching up on sleep before his big debut with phoenicia festival of the voice  mmr was amazing! i love that camp!!
is making his debut in falstaff tonight with phoenicia festival of the voice  last night's recital with <propfemale> futral was great!! this is going to be an awesome evening  i am so blessed  smile 
"took off to n  <propfemale> from newark airport and landed in jfk  why? the plane lost a generator so they brought us back, safely "
is now in miami  10 <propfemale>  later it started pouring rain from hurricane earlwhich is starting to ground certain planes   has no idea if he'll make it to <propmale> today  this is quite an adventure!
"had an amazing time at the pinehurst food & wine festival! i met some great people, learned a lot, and tasted some delicious food and wines  thanks tawnia & <propfirst>! i'll see you in nyc  wink  now   full force into tdr again  it is time!!!"
's phone has completely died  plus   at&t support for the iphone is closed for labor day  what happened to 24 hour service? ugh!
finally got his phone fixed  gotta admit though  it was nice not having one   hehe   wink 
is telling people to join the save the wwu music library! they want to shut it down starting next year   hell no!
"will be performing the world premiere of the dress rehearsal tonight at wwu pac concert hall in bellingham, wa! send me those good vibes!!!  hope to see lots of people there  it will be a night to remember  smile "
had a great world premiere! wow!! thank you to all that came and supported us and thanks for all the great vibes! what an e playful erience!
"says come to the east coast premiere of the dress rehearsal on saturday, october 9th @ 7 smile 0pm - st  andrews episcopal church - 31 <propfirst> st  (corner of laroche ave) harrington park, nj   rsvp 201 768 0819 $15 before october 8th & $20 on october 9th"
"is soooooo gratefully for a very successful evening at the first annual \the dress rehearsal founders fundraiser\""  a new <propfemale> was born this eveing  thank you to those who came out to support  it was a night to remember """
"is getting ready for the dress rehearsal tomorrow night at merkin concert hall  don't miss the opportunity to see this from the beginning as it will make its way around ny, the country, and then world!"
had the best ny premiere i could have asked for   a standing ovation!!!! thank you to all who came and who sent their good vibes!
"is on his way to phoenix to perform in phoenix opera's production of \the magic flute\"" on dec  3rd & 5th as monoststos!"""
"is off to perform in bellingham to perform with the whatcom chorale on dec  12th  if you're in the area, it's going to be a great concert!!! to the magic flute cast and phoenix opera   you're the best!!!"
is having the best christmas holiday with 25 members of extended family from mexico   i love my life!
is preparing his apt  for an early christmas dinner for his 25 family members  guess who's catering? toloache mexican bistro!!!! yummy!!!
acapulco trip on hold due to the blizzard   but   more time with family  smile  even though some of them want to leave to some sun  can't blame them!
is finally leaving for mexico   a day earlier than e playful ected   woohoo!!!!
is enjoying the acapulco heat and sun!!!
"there's a site called spokeo com that's a new online usa phone book w personal information: everything from pics you've posted on fb or web, your approx credit score, home value, income, age  remove yourself by searching your name, find the url of your <propfemale>, then go to the bottom right corner of the <propfemale> and click on the privacy button to remove yourself  copy & re-post so your fb friends are aware "
is on his way to boston to audition for boston lyric opera tomorrow!!! good vibes much appreciated for a kick ass audition  this will be fun!
just kicked some ass at his boston lyric opera audition!! now comes the waiting game to hear back from them 
is on his way back to nyc  eta - 6 hours!!! it's going to be a long one 
is soooo blessed and touched to have received all the birthday wishes from friends and loved ones!! wow!!! i had the best birthday of my life thus far  30's   here i come!!
will be on the <propfirst> <propfemale> show tonight supporting his dear friend <propfirst> dudenbostel as he will be getting a perm!!! don't miss!!!
is off to la to sing in a recital and for some warm ass weather!!
cannot believe he is sick in bed with the recital in two days  send me those healthy vibes my friends  i need them!?!?!?
"wow!!! thanks to everyone who sent me the healthy vibes   i'm 1000% better!!! whoever says that setting intentions doesn't work, just look at me  ok everyone; one last boost of energy for my recital tomorrow at 8pm los <propfemale> time  intention: i'll be 100,000% better than today  you all are the best!!!"
is excited to give it his all in <propfemale> syrse's recital tonight! thanks for the healthy vibes everyone!!! it was worked and we will see what i got 
"is on his way to cardiff, wales to audition for the welsh national opera!! the big day is march 29th and kick butt vibes appreciated  ok god, lets do this!! so excited!!!!"
