78615d9a6fb946b8c14c9d4715275552
"i hate facebook and i don't have much time right now to upload more pictures, or update my profile and whatnot  i'll get to that when i can  more important stuff to do right now "
"you know what i realized three days after i opened my new facebook account? this site sucks more than myspace, and i won't even talk about how bad myspace was  this site does has some use to me, so i can keep in contact with friends from decatur but other than that, this damn site sucks "
"people are selfish and disgusting jerks, too concerned with their own problems to lend a helping hand to the people who actually need it  anyone else agree? or am i just crazy   "
you can run from your past but you can't hide from it 
"i've actually been married since april 16th, 2010  sorry to not let anyone know until now "
"wow, the insanity workout is hard  =p day two, 58 more to go  i'm already well toned since i've been working out for about six months now but insanity is nothing like i e playful ected "
"has anyone else attempted and or completed the insanity workout program? if so, give me some advice "
i need people who have no bias in their thoughts of me (or even if you are bias about me in some form or another =p) too look at my insanity workout progress pictures and tell me what you think as of now  (only uploaded arms as of now)
like my status and i'll tell you: 1 something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you   4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6  my favorite thing about you  7  give you a weird nickname  8  what shirt i'm wearing 9  challenge you to post this
life  that's what is on my mind  so bored   
tired of not being able to sleep   annoyed 
gonna be spending thanksgiving and the next few days with my girlfriend and her family  yay!  laugh 
"this great evil  where does it come from? how'd it steal into the world? what seed, what root did it grow from? who's doin' this? who's killin' us? robbing us of life and light  mockin' us with the? sight of what we might've known  does our ruin benefit the earth? does it help the grass to grow, the sun to shine? is this darkness in you, too? have you passed to this night?"
"when i was in decatur i called my house phone from my own house, someone picked up and i asked who it was, they said <propfirst>  this really happened  did i call the future?! o o"
awesome! i get my first field training april 15th-18th  army national guard!
"always ready, always there "
