a946c309cdc4111b87bfcf716b4b7a69
"is contemplating the creation of an epically diabolical snow man death scene   or maybe i'll just stick with the traditional, happy snowman   naw smile  but, the snow is still too soft and powdery today   maybe tomorrow it'll be good snowman making snow "
"application, after application, after application   soon, it'll pay off   a new start for a new year   only seems appropriate smile "
heading down to portland for my 3 day weekend!  smile 
one of the coolest things i've ever done!
get to see my dad and brother tomorrow laugh 
reached my savings goal 4 months sooner than i had originally planned   whoot whoot! will be totally set for my colorado vacation and portland move later this year  laugh 
"this weekend's going to be awesome    visiting friends, e playful loring portland, friend's house warming party, and bungee jumping! stoked!"
"out in co to see the family for a few days   and oh man, is it smoking hot   9 in the morning and it's already hotter than any day we've seen in wa this summer   i love my family   my papa drove 5 hrs out to pick me up because the airline canceled my flight into jct   he's amazing!"
"moving to portland on saturday    then vacation, baby! so stoked for this month! starting a new chapter smile "
"finally     all moved in, and my first night at the new house by myself smile   i feel so refreshed and relieved "
"grrr    first went the debit card, then the apt  keys, then the cell phone charger, then the cell phone, and after i just about got it all recovered, my wallet gets stolen  jerk started putting charges on the cards within the first 20mins of having it   haha    figures "
"loving my new place   so relaxed, so chill   don't know that i've ever had that before   dinner movie night tonight   and prepping for burning man and vacation   whoot!!!"
2 more days till vacation!!!
"oooo, oooo    pick me, pick me   i want to fracture my hand, make it swollen and unfunctionable a week before i'm moving! lol   i'm a doofus sometimes "
"mentally preparing for the tornado that starts tomorrow   it'll be a hectic week, but with amazing results smile "
"got to visit with my pdx friends yesterday and today, going up to oly to take care of errands and visit with some buddies, then i'll definitely be ready for denver smile "
"that was the longest week  ever   ready to rest    for just a little while   can't wait to get out to <propmale>, though "
is going to build some stilts!    then maybe bust my face smile   so excited!
finished mah stilts today!  smile 
"officially loving my new stilts   took my first tour around, without the safety of the awning or a spotter today  picking it up way faster than i thought i would   now   onto making stilt pants smile "
exciting weekend    austin today    captain planet tomorrow smile 
"visit from the brother, costumes, good music, good peoples, and beer    what a great night "
"sometimes i need my skin to touch the breeze, sometimes i find beauty brings me down to my knees  sometimes i don't know where i'm going and i don't care "
first stilt walking e playful erience around a crowd of people   so much fun smile   i love my long legs!
"can't believe how amazing the day is going!  beautiful weather, stilt walked boo at the zoo this morning, had an interview and got an awesome job (dressed as a clown - cause i'm good like that), then get to see my aunt and cousin with eminence ensemble later  what a great start to my favorite holiday smile "
moving into a place tomorrow  laugh 
funny how sometimes it takes stepping away to realize that you had everything you needed all along 
"bummed about recent developments, but excited to see the family "
"on the road again smile   i love how for the last four years, every year i have learned and e playful erienced more than i had the year before   it'll be interesting to see the adventures and lessons that are to come with next year   this year's been an incredibly insightful rollercoaster ride thus far smile   ((loving life))"
"what a good day! the frozen movement and rising appalachia keeping my mood up through the drive, visiting buffalo <propmale>'s grave, hiking hanging lake trail, and seeing my family   what could be better?"
"getting paintbrushes, canvases and stuff to make my first set of sock poi today smile  needing some creative outlets   maybe get fabric to make a new pair of stilt pants too   ripped my last ones "
"days   come and go   but, my feelings for you are forever "
"you could be empty and i can be right here empty with you   you could be hollow and i can be right here hollow with you   if you want to say goodbye to everything, i could say goodbye too   i can be right here empty with you "
once a wagler   always a wagler smile 
"each day's a gift, not a given right \\ love life"
2 more days laugh   thought it would never come   lol 
"thank you all for the birthday wishes!  off to have my first drink with my amazing momma, aunt and uncle  laugh "
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, dec 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
"yay!  papa's home, safe a sound "
brazil is my perfect place to live according to the international living find your perfect place to live overseas quiz  click the link to discover where you can live better for less  http annoyed  apps facebook com live_overseas 
"lie, lie, lie   then turn away, pretend as if nothing ever happend and offer no e playful lanation   i like your style "
"#458   you're pretty friggin' adorable and i had a lot of fun when we <propmale> out   wish we could have gotten to know eachother better before you had to leave   and then i left   and then stupid phone went down sad   keep in touch, though!  i enjoy hearing from you wink "
"#88 - one of the most real, crazy, honest, and funny people i know   we've had some great times together   i love you dearly and i'll be looking forward to seeing ya!"
"damn it   i said i wasn't going to do this number game thing   lol   but, there's some people that sent #s that i just couldn't resist \1511 - i don't think i've ever enjoyed catching for anyone else more than i did for you   haha   you and your family are some of the sweetest people i've ever met   hope you are doing well and we've got to get together sometime when i get back out that way!"
"whoo   stress, it's so good for the back   not   been a few months since my back's been in this much pain   ugh "
"what an awesome weekend! <propfemale> hart flew into <propmale> for a visit   <propmale> didn't know what hit it!  dancing, coyote ugly, the nut cracker, red rocks, the <propmale> museum   question is    what didn't we do?"
"job interview on wednesday  laugh   it's the first call i've gotten back from submitting apps and resumes, and it's the job that i really wanted   hope it goes well "
is sure that the total lunar eclipse is going to be totally eclipsed by clouds where she's at tonight   *pouty face*
"ba ha ha   you can continue to dig your own grave, i'll just sit here watching, sippin' on my lemonade smile "
"whoo, what a great couple of days!  family, fun, good food, christmas carols and drinking games   couldn't get much better than that!  well    maybe just a little but, that's out of my control wink   hope the day was just as great to all of my wonderful family and friends!  i love you all and am very thankful that you are a part of my life!"
here we go again   another interview on wednesday smile 
pay it forward 2011: i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here  they must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status  *the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 
is no longer unemployed! start monday!  laugh 
wishing that i could hold my heart in my hands 
"if a tree falls in the woods and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?"
today was so amazing!  doesn't get much better smile   there's just one more thing that i could ask for wink 
"got a second job   be pretty busy but, i'll be able to catch up, get back on track smile  yay!"
loving both of my jobs so far!  both are right up my alley smile 
"all stars could be brighter, all hearts could be warmer "
"yes, i speak english (upside down), thank you very much   what the hell    "
karaoke for the first time lastnight   may have to make that a more regular thing now   pretty fun smile 
"got a nice slap to the face    stung but, i'm awake now "
"the only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance \-<propmale> watts"
woke up with a wiener on my front and a wiener on my back   i love those little cuddle bugs 
"i'm such a dummy sometimes   another crash test, please "
"approx  8 cups of coffee into the evening   planning an all nighter with my buddies, canvas and paint   been awhile since i've been in the mood to spend some quality time with them   enjoying the feeling smile "
"decisions, decisions   fl just became a distinct possibility   only, i'd have to leave within the next couple few weeks, if i was to go   and, i would need to commit to at least a year there  starting my pro con list   well, jeeze, that's a first for me   lol "
"i wanna take a preconceived down from underneath your feet \and we could shake it off and instead we plant some seeds  \watch them as they grow \and with each new bead from your heart the roots grow deeper\the branches will they reach for what? \nobody really knows  \but underneath it all there's this heart all alone \-<propfirst> johnson\*my current 'happy' music*  laugh "
"got a few days off of work   going to head out to eastern co tomorrow for the rest of the week   see eminence ensemble, visit some family and friends, have some good taelour time smile   yay!"
i kind of feel like <propfirst> bond when i'm cleaning the bathrooms 
thinks that she's officially done with cigarettes   yay!  end of day 8 and i seem to be past the nicotene cravings and being irritable   should only get easier from here on out   my body and bank account are going to be much happier smile 
"made it through this last disaster of a weekend with plenty of temptations to smoke and stressors that usually would have had me lighting up, and i didn't have a single drag   definitely done  whoot!  feels really good  have been saying that i was going to quit forever  finally smile "
i should really get used to this 
"well, that was an interesting end to the day, alright   feeling really good and relieved, to be honest   everything seems to be lining up exactly how i was hoping and planning on   should be or bound for a visit soon, followed by <propmale> bound for a move   very excited   hope this flow continues "
over the mountains i go  interview in denver   wish me luck smile 
"have the job if i want it  i'm thinking, <propmale> it is! smile "
"lots of preparation to take place in the next two weeks smile  let's not procrastinate as we  usually do, taelour  make this one nice and smooth, please "
