191f984a273f73599de57bdbb913eb40
headed to the ballpark bright and early for an all dayer    can't wait
i think we should be able to vote on congress' healthcare
thanks for all the birthday wishes    i had a great day
thinks that wingstop should start giving frequent flyer discount cards
headed to the ballpark bright and early    but it is still dark!!
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friend who has lost the battle with cancer, and the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or has had cancer  april is cancer awareness month "
"growing old is mandatory     \\growing up is optional!!"
"white sand    check\blue water    check\\the wonderful smell of fresh oil    check\\thanks bp for making our vacation smell like a transmission shop"
let's go boston   it's time to take this series back to beantown    1-1
"toes in the water,  ass in th sand!!"
way to go titans    2-0 and number 1 seed    awesome job boys!!!
softball mafia looking to shock the world at the mullet in florida     only 6 teams left out of 20
nothin like a fireworks show and a visit from the police in the same night   didn't think the cops knew where dulac was but apparently this address is on their gps
is getting a wet ass
is looking for a seamstress   anybody know how to hem pants and shorts?
shaq vs    funny as hell tonight
first place in the craps tourney at <propfemale> back for the boat week fundraiser!!!! woohoo
titans start the 2011 season with a 15-5 victory!!  way to go boys
"titans headed to the championship at 1 smile 0!!\\what a way to start the year!  great job guys"
"titans finished 2nd place   \\proud of <propfirst> hanging in to catch four games in this heat   good job!!"
wonders why cell phone companies can't use the same batteries as the nintendo ds     that battery last forever when it's charged
congrats to vandebilt football team on their win tonight against <propfemale> <propmale>!
pike county illinois here i come!
thinks the people of the usa have spoken loud and clear so far tonight
lsu alabama replay on cbs c    right now
black friday sucks!!
3 more days of misery!!!
"just lost all my contacts in my iphone     jeez\\if i had you in my phone, text me your number and name"
3 tds in the first 4 drives and i got some asshole behind me calling for <propfirst> to come in!!!
"another quote of the night from the numb nuts behind me   \miles is making ridley run outside so he has a bad game and then he won't go pro\""\",191f984a273f73599de57bdbb913eb40,this is hard to watch 
just saw what a $980 purse looked like    tell <propfirst> vuitton i was not impressed smile 
screw michigan!!
is at nut's palace
"asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer  i know my family will, my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! i hope to see this on all status"
sleepover with 6 ten year olds!  what the hell was i thinking
mardi gras over for me this year    can't wait for the ambrosia 2012 night parade    gonna do it big!
"titans take 1st place!!!\\way to go boys!  congrats on your first championship!"
looking forward to the 42 shootout this weekend!  come out to oak villa park this weekend an support a great guy and his family
titans 2-0 in pool play   waiting on the rest of the games to see the seeding for tomorrow   way to go boys!
i got a good friend that is getting some results of tests tomorrow   please keep <propfirst> navarre and his family in your prayers for some good news 
thanks for all the birthday wishes   i really appreciate em
thinking about getting the iphone 4      anybody got one?  what ya think about it?
does the i pad have an internet connection like the i phone?  or do i have to be at home with a wireless connection?
