bd4423b3bf52dce6c8d63a4a74b1d926
im pretty happy is 2010!!! just got home from boerne 
 smile  toy story was awesome 
just got home from school   smile 
<propmale> just left   smile  pretty amazing weekend 
i had fun tonight   smile   smile  cant wait for tomorrow!!
just got home from san <propmale>   smile  i got a free texas state shirt  it was fun   smile 
"im tired, and i miss <propmale> tons   :"
i finally got my braces off!  laugh  im so happy   just got home from church with <propmale>   smile 
friday night was fun  so was monster jam!! it was pretty awesome 
im soooo tired!!!! and i miss <propmale> tooo   smile   smile 
just got home from monicas!!! this weekend was awesome   smile 
"being at home is pretty awesome  going to go give peedur a bath, then find other crap to do  this should be fun   smile "
"wants to go tanning, but its cold and <propfemale> outside  so guess not   annoyed  oh well, cant wait to go to my momos!  smile   smile "
skipped practice today  i dont want to go tomorrow   annoyed 
my mom just made pizza  it was freakin delicious   smile   smile   smile 
just got back from softball game  it was good  smile 
"so i went for a run and when i got home, i decided to go swimming   smile  haha  it was freezing cold "
i freakin love running   smile 
i dont feel good about anything  ):
"mmmmmm, hotpocket!  smile   smile "
homework sucks   annoyed 
taks was easy  cant wait to go for my run later   smile 
time for my jog   smile 
"i hate being home alone   annoyed  im bored, lonely and miserable  ):"
"watching get smart and reading \whats his face's?\"" thank you note   smile """
staying up doing a freakin project and the rest of my homework that i never do is the best damn thing   annoyed  wish i wasnt like this all the time now 
bananas in pajamas!!!!  laugh 
just got home from bronco awards   smile   smile  it was nice 
the museum was cool   smile  i love <propmale> 
i love doing <propfemale> hair   smile 
pizza time!!!  smile  isnt fat?
watching moulin rouge with <propfirst>   smile  its pretty sad that he knows the whole movie  haha 
car wash was extremely good   smile  although i did get sunburn  it was funn   smile  very tired right now 
i just finished making a vanilla pudding banana pie? haha   smile  cant wait to eat it   smile   smile 
just got done eating   smile  so much for my run  haha 
imagine all the people living life in peace   smile  i love <propfirst> lennon 
<propfemale> left for prom already  she looks gorgeous   smile  im so happy  but now im home alone  ): cant wait for tonight though   smile 
i dont feel good  ): ): and my leg hurts 
algebra can suck it!!! and so can my life!!!! karmas a bitch!!!
"i am definitely not ready for my french exam tomorrow  haha   smile  oh well, i still have <propmale>  hahaha "
today was fun   smile   smile 
"yeah mom, just type in capandgownsfordogs com   smile  hahaha  i love my sister "
swimming   smile  and then going shopping   smile   smile 
no more school!!!  smile   smile 
it's peanut butter jelly time!!! peanut butter jelly time!!! peanut butter jelly time!!! now where he at? where he at? where he at? where he at? now there he go  there he go  there he go  there he go  peanut butter jelly! peanut butter jelly! peanut butter jelly! peanut butter jelly!
"pretty long day  went to the library, then to brandeis, then to <propfirst>, then to go get pool supplies and look at fish  which was pretty cool   smile  then to get <propfemale>'s nails done, then to gymboree, then to sea world   smile  then to my lovely grandmas house, and then to my aunt and uncles house   smile  it was a nice day "
today was the shortest day ever   annoyed 
"i wish there really were robots that did the things we asked them to do  like having them find a movie we really want to watch but we dont know where it is   smile  haha  and they would be like, \finding  movie \"" (in the robot voice of course )"""
"soooo, who else sees the helicopter outside shining its light down? haha"
getting ready to go to a ranch   smile  haha 
i am officially staying up to watch catdog and rugrats   smile 
"well, <propfemale>'s graduation was great  im super proud of her and i love her so much   smile  three more years for me, baby   smile  and im hoping it will go slowly "
tonight was good   smile  just got back home from the movies 
movies with cristian!!!!  smile  i love this girl 
here at cristians!!!  smile   smile 
i love coming home to a fridge that is loaded with so much food   smile 
tv + me = so you think you can dance   laugh 
toy story 3 tonight!!!  laugh   laugh  so excited 
"\this is a load of barnacles   \"" ahh   smile """
dance dance revolution 2 anyone?  smile   smile 
 smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile   smile  (good times )  wink 
today was a really good day   smile  im so glad 
"okay, lets do this   smile  like this status and ill tell you what i like, dislike, first impression and a confession about you   smile "
man   i freakin love this guy   smile 
mmm   just got done working out   playful  swimming 
 love  phineas and ferb   smile 
<propfirst>'s pita chips are my new favorite   smile 
d= ahhhhhhhhhh!!!! this is frustrating! ):
hmmmm    smile 
vampires suck   smile  im so seeing that 
"maaan, nothing like a good run right before you go swimming   smile  i think so atleast "
"\why does everyone always think we're the black eyed peas?\"""""
"on our way to schlitterbahn today, i saw a cat limping and trying its best to walk  i still want to go back and get it  ): even though its most likely too late "
the couds are serious beautiful today   smile 
im so happy to finally be home   smile 
mmmmm   im gonna smell like green apples   smile 
i just ate some grapes and a plum right afterwards and i had the after taste of mint  ha  weeeeeiiirrd 
"around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long  we keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious  and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths  - walt disney   love "
"yaaaay, laundry   annoyed "
great day today   smile  love my classes 
got back from my run   smile  now im trying to do a decent pirouette  im horrible 
this is probably going to be the worst run ive ever e playful erienced  i hate being in a terrible mood  ):
at monicas!!!  smile 
i am drowning in homework!!!!! ):
i love <propmale> martinez!!  smile 
"lieutenant <propfirst> was always getting these funny feelings about a rock or a trail or the road, so he'd tell us to get down, shut up  \get down! shut up!\"" so we did """
had great time with <propmale> and his family at church   smile  goodnight 
circus!!!!  laugh 
thank you sooooo much to everyone who wished me a happy birthday!!!  smile  i love you all 
church with <propmale>   smile   smile   smile 
"leaving a life so young is hard to even imagine  i just wish she could have thought about it a second time  rest in peace, <propfemale>  all our prayers will be with your loved ones   love "
"<propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale> spears!!!  smile  i love glee "
"at home, i love it   smile "
jersey shore!!!!!  laugh   laugh 
i love playing just dance on wii   smile 
"well, i had a great time with <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> this weekend  i hope she had a wonderful hbd, haha   smile  i love you <propfemale>!!!  smile "
i hope these cookies come out delish  the last time i baked cinnamon rolls      i burnt them   smile 
"i just had the best day with my boyfriend, <propmale> martinez  he's so amazing   smile "
hmmmmmm   i love life   smile 
mmmmm  baking <propfemale>'s cakes for her birthday tomorrow   smile 
first time at the gym!!  smile  so exciting!
<propmale> martinez looks soooooooo handsome in a tux   smile 
snake!  smile 
mmmm   frosted flakes and rice krispies with bananas   smile 
new laptop!!!  laugh 
