110c240da25a00044e377537d2b5ac55
"popcorn, <propfemale> oil, and salt yummmmmmmmmmm im in heaven  too bad i don't haf any calamari though  sad  i love foooooooooood"
omg! 2 more days till school starts again!
im bored
omg! <propfemale> atkins is dying
surprisingly manson isn't
wow y did i add <propfemale>? lol uuuuuuur mom little grl
quiero <propfemale> hamburguesa de in n' out
gooooooooooooood weather
im soooooooooooooooooo tired
got her ears pierced lol!!!
another day another migraine
im booooooooooooooored
i finished
now i have 2 study
me es aburrido
happy halloweeeeeeeeeeeeeen!
one more day!
boooooooooooooored                                                     
hw hw hw when does it stop! where is <propfemale> and <propmale> when you need them
who has gunn 4 spanish 2?!
winter break starts now!!!
is it weird that im 15 but i like 80s music lol
ugh! one more day! i still haf hw to do lol and i don't feel like finishing it       
safaa rice
swine feeeeeeever! when is lost on?
<propmale> eastwood! where can i find top secret the movie?
gardens of the world tomorrow! yum yum
basmati rice
lost season 6 starts feb 2! hopefully we get more answers than questions this time
science test akjf;akld tomorrow
geometry study group anyone?
hiking and bon jovi is all im looking 4ward 2 lol
my classes changed! and they aren't good
the coyotes are howlin 4 <propmale> chidgey         
california cows  stinky cheese
im bored maybe i shud drawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
the clouds seem angry              so maybe i shud draw        lol
sorry thom yorke and <propfemale> manson but its <propmale> cobain's turn now lol drawing gets me confused            
chalouw!palouw! lol berinj                birthday in like 15 days! hopefully i grow atleast an inch for my birthday
me and my cousins and you and your cousins its a line thats always running! me and my cousins and you and your cousins i can feel it coming! vampire weekend                      
onion bagels and cats! what an interesting day!
who should i draw?! the zodiac killer is booooooooooring book he is a psycho killer with a high iq but mentally unstable             helter skelter was a better book              waaaaaaaaaaay betta          
i feel                     bored! how do u spell solicetor? solciter? sololociter? ohhhhhhhhhhhh yeah solicitor finally!           im bored again          
throw it on the ground! what u think im stupid! im not part of this system! my dads not a cell phone!!!!!!!!!                 duhhh!
the sun is rising! nooooooooooooooooo im human again           
in my eyes im not lazy!  in my face its not over! in your room im not older! in your eyes im not worth it! this song is stuck in my head!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!nirvana                    scofffffffffffff
skooooooooooooooooooooool
thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do i smell chicken currrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry?
p90x!!!!!!!! lol im better at drawing a 6 pac than gettin one pshhhhhhhhhhh where is dat chicken curry and kofta                              
omg!! so i came from skool tried the p90x got tired then ate cheese puffs cuz i was hungry lol i only tried it for 2 minutes               hahahahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
no skoooooooooool thursday!!!!!!!!!! youth summit!
blur blur blur                      
"1   press enter 20 times (you will be on line 21) 2   click on center alignment 3   enter the title of the report in all caps  4   press enter 20 times (you will be on line 41) 5   click on right alignment   6   type your name, press enter 7   type your teacher’s name, press enter 8   type the name of the course, press enter 9   type the date "
anyone who has mrs  hamilton!! she makes it very confusing          
im stressssssssssssssssed out
once again i smell afghan foooood!
kachaloo bourani! yum yum
anyone do the bio test review?
"can't leave your demons behind, whatever they are, the more you run the harder they <propmale> you"
omg afghans              
"powerpoint presentation tomorrow        woohoo im already hyper ventilating, i hate presentations"
science labs                   
is it true that our days haf gotten shorter from that earthquake
"y do cats like to sit on my hw? first <propfemale>, then <propmale>, now <propmale>!"
<propfirst> numan!!!!carsssssssssss
i hate thursdays cuz ur close enough to the end of the week but not nearly there and it usually takes forever for thursday to end                   
kalakata!!!!!
darband
people always judge               
every day is the same! disappointment and boredom              
maaaaaaaaaaaan! im an adult! i ain't part of yo system! so i throw it on da ground!!!! snl bio labs make me crazy lol
interpol                     
i cant waaaaaaaaaaaaaait 2 drive! idk when i will but hopefully i can reach the brakes! lol
"less concerned about fitting into the world, your world that is, cuz it doesn't really matter no             nine inch nails, only, stuck in my head!!!!!!!!!"
"cops and robbers, its fun 2 be a kid, i never wanna grow up lol"
earthquake?
4 4 @ 4 surprise 4 lol <propmale> rivera
omg! i solved a rubik's cube lol i feel so accomplished         
rest my chemistry            interpol
is anyone in mrs  gunn's spanish 2 class? wat was da hw?!!!!
what ever happened to safaa rice?
hiking this weekend boney mountain              yeah
hahahaha its funny when people think im african when i say im a-f-g-h-a-n duhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
cuzzzins               afghan food?
disposable teens surprise oooooooooweird song
proud 2 b a shrub
las vegas was fun except for seeing carrot top while walking in the luxor lol i didn't know he was that short lol
y is there soooooooooo many earthquakes??!!!!! oh yeah the world is ending lol jk                       
im so bored that my eyeballs are melting               
coachella             lol i wish
i had a weird dream where i found a dead person behind my house on the empty lot under some dirt       should i check lol
coachella tomorrow  sad  wish i could go            
hiking hiking hiking im tired
awsome found a def leppard cd lol
this week is taking fooooooooooooorever!!! i guess ill go back to listening to radiohead and nirvana lol
word! wats the chances of a bear bein in a bear cave yo! a 100 percent dog!! lol snl
does anyone know who brenden qose is?
did anyone see the cove?
i hate it when good horror films turn out to have a cheesy ending           ;lkajdf;klasjd
finished the music video!!
disposable teeeeeeeeeeeeeens                 awesome song!!
they'll just cut our wrists like cheap coupons and say that death was on sale today
isolation is the oxygen mask you make your children breath in to survive                 what a day!
midgets unite! what ever happened 2 <propfemale> of dead dog?????
doesn't anyone think that the lost finale was lame?!!!! a lot of my questions are still not answered!!!
i need a cat
the best are the worst
be a fan of marzaar clothing today!!!! she's my aunt and has started her new clothing line be a fan!! her clothes are awesome so yaaaaa          
like this if you think <propfemale> kephart is really a keeble elf in disguise!!!!
the new burger from kfc called double down with no buns and lots of fat for $5 49 and for an extra dollar more the kfc cashiers will just stab you through the heart! - <propmale> meyers on snl
the gym was fricken awsome!! i actually felt like i did something lol it was intense             
haha! i feel sooooooooooo accomplished lol finished the pics!
once i get the stuff im selling voodoo dolls!
team <propmale> <propmale>!!!!!!
afghan food makes my day
wowwwwww just got my books so i can start my english hw ): it doesn't feel like summer anymore
i will finish this book in one day                 then start reading another boring book for english  sad 
four more dayyyyyyys!! it better be good          
fires               bleh
"sytycd was disappointing, last week was better"
yesss! im back in simi valley!!!! wherez my keebler elf!!!
i miss in n out          
gym tomorrow  playful 
"sell the kids for food, weather changes moods, spring is here again          "
wow my lunch was costco samples     but im full!
mall wit da keeblers
today i shud do my hw alkdfjalkdjf
"skin the sun, fall asleep, wish away, soul is cheap"
i want a <propfemale> manson shirt  playful 
california! y haf u roasted me alive???????
apparently my 6 year old sister has fallen in love with <propfirst> downey jr  and wants to marry him
yeah! its foggy  laugh 
"ok watev! like this status and ill tell you what i dislike, like, a confession, and a first impression!"
"i keep having dreams of the world ending and it always involves people getting sucked into a hole at the bottom of a pool, so far its been 3 nights i've dreamed the same dream  playful  but my worst nightmare             is              ikea!!! plegh! tomorrow im going, i always feel claustrophobic in there         "
"if anyones taking ap english 11, when is the hw due? the 16th or 24th??????"
"we're disposable teens\we're disposable teens\we're disposable teens!!!this song is stuck in my head!!!!!!!!!!!!!  annoyed "
yeah! no ikea
hair is sooooooooooooooo hard to draw  annoyed  akdjfa wink kfj
toes will be foes!!!!!!!!!!! how could i forget!?
yes im done!
"i wish i was like you, easily amused, find my nest of salt, everything is my fault, i'll take all the blame, aqua seafoam shame"
ugh! am i the only one that gets dizzy after an elevator ride but feels fine after riding tower of terror!
beach!!! yeahhhhhh! but its 63 degrees  sad 
beach was cold as usual  sad 
afghan wedding!!!!!!! playful 
"i hate spiders, they're everywhere!!!!"
bodysnatchers
i want my <propfemale> manson shirt  sad 
3 more days!!!!!!!!!!
sorry cat deeley but i really want to burn ur wardrobe and hope it suffers!!!!!!!!
i don't think ima make it this time  sad 
"this army has so many heads, are you one of us, come on and get your overdose, collect it at the borderline, and they want to get up in your head           "
zuma beach!!!!!!!???no? sad 
tomorrow i will haf 2 go thru hell before i get 2 heaven lol
driving like 550 <propmale> in da next 2 days  laugh  i better find my ipod quick!!!!!!!! utah here i come!!!!!!
dates and eggs! dates and eggs! laugh 
home sweet home!
listening to <propfemale> manson and knitting a scarf     great combination
12 more logs!
i love wipeout
"yessssss, my shirt is in!"
wow i just finished watching sytycd after coming back and i can't believe <propmale> didn't win!!!
i wonder if the freshmen are gonna get any shorter this year lol
"cheesecake factory mmmmmmmmmmm, i miss that place"
there's something in my room! or i keep seeing things in the dark lol its creepy
"hey kid you're sick, well darling this is it, you all can just kiss off into the air, behind my back i can see them stare, they'll hurt me bad but i won't mind, they'll hurt me bad they do it all the time!     stuck in my head! playful "
i picked up my shirt from the ground and a big fat spider fell on my hand and then fell on the ground and was chasing me for a good 15 seconds then i killed him      back to being bored now
i wanna hike to the beach  sad  or atleast boney mountain or paradise falls  laugh  i could settle for some in n out tho  smile 
"fmsister'sl, she got bottom locker number d666 and while all the locker #s are engraved hers is written with a pen     d666, d for devil lol"
watchin vampires suck wit da keeblers!!!  laugh 
vampires suck was awesome!!!
wtf i had a dream that california was being taken over by aliens because they loved our 'happy' cows  laugh  it was weird and scary
yeah i got my shirt!
i don't want to go back to school  sad 
yet again i see a big black spider and the closest thing to me was my nirvana shirt  sad  sorry <propmale> cobain but i killed the spider with ur face
as my little sister randomly says: when asians go to their asian place they speak asian and do asian things        
"my little cousin runs out of the public restroom and screams, \i went potty!!!!\"""""
"i wish spiders would stay out of my shoes and away from my shirts, then i wouldn't feel tempted to kill them      "
106?! im gonna die       
first day of school is over  laugh  now i can go back to sleep         
i hear an ice cream truck!!!  laugh 
"i sat in my future car, which was my dad's old car and i had to use my little sister's car seat to actually see through the windshield"
its been a long time since i actually felt cold outside          and it feels great! the weather is awesome!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
crackistan!!!!  laugh 
blue monday
schools shud know that short pple can't <propfemale> fricken heavy textbooks everyday!!! my arms feel like they're about to fall off!
"animals eat to live, humans live to eat"
eatin sum good afghan food  laugh 
today i was called a freshman by a bunch of stupid sophomore girls when im really a <propmale>!!!!!! it got me pretty mad
i miss rain
is being an afghan  laugh  i want berinj and kofta!!! and of course wit sum chai  playful 
"i don't care if monday's blue, tuesday's gray and wednesday too, thursday i don't care about you, it's friday im in love  love 3333"
is watchin capitalism: a love story  laugh  i love this movie
"thank god i don't haf p e  any more  laugh  no more having to stand in the sun all period, but i do miss playin basketball wit da keeblers lol fun times  love 33"
its gonna b 108 today?! wtf im fricken melting!
"for fun my little sister enjoys wetting napkins and putting them in the freezer so they can \cool down her brain\"""""
keeblers                  
so supposedly in this <propfemale> myth the people of ireland thought it was a great idea to use whole mountains as missiles to kill the evil sea monster people  laugh 
"this girl's car had a sticker that said \i drive like a cullen\"" and she was sooooooooooooooo fricken slow!!!"""
my legs are hurting randomly          omg! am i finally growing!!!  laugh ddddddddd
eid mubarak everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!! laugh 
kharboozah!!!!!!!!!! laugh yummmmmmmmmmmmmmyyy!!!!!!!
haha i tripped  laugh  toes will be foes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ew its monday  sad 
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah! i guess i don't haf to read 500 pages in 3 days  laugh 
"my mom asks my little sister if she wants some more chicken breast and my little sister says \breast? whose is it? is it real?\"" lol  laugh """
wow i feel like breaking a board right now  wink  missin gyls everyday     
"we should take a trip now to see new places, i'm sick of this town, i see my face has changed, say hello, say hello to the angels"
haha yeah i found my keys!!! smile           now back to being bored
ew chem test today  sad 
is eating monkey brains with a spoon
"monkey see, monkey do, rather be dead than cool, every line ends in rhyme, less is more love is blind"
hell yess! its friday  smile 
"wow 2day is awesome! first i found my lost <propfemale> bar in my history book while walkin 2 lunch, then for dinner im having kofta chalow, sabzi, and some bonjon  laugh ddd"
forgot 2 feed mondo her carrots wtf  playful 
hates being called lugaraka dx lol
went to <propfirst> carrillo state beach
"im so happy cuz today i found my friends, they're in my head, im so ugly thats ok cuz so are you, broke our mirrors, sunday morning is everyday for all i care, and im not scared, light my candles in a daze cuz i found god"
no doubt ima still kill bryson lol
can't trust weather forecasting
watching mondo's face when she drops her cookie on the floor: priceless
i shud change my locker
volleyball court or avocados? hmmmmmmmmmmmm
i can listen to helicopter by bloc party over and over and never get bored of it  laugh 
mrs  tamoto! y did u hit me on da head?! dx
the <propfemale> looks awesome 2nite!  laugh 
lolz im watching samurai <propfirst>  laugh 
i shud go back to making voodoo dolls lol i just hate it when they randomly appear in places they shouldn't be  playful 
"i keep hearing noises downstairs dx sounds like someone is downstairs, too bad the knives r down there too lol my house is making creepy noises"
was a bouncer for the day with co
yeah! i found my rubik's cube!  laugh  i am happy      
too bad keeblers can't donate their blood  sad  phewy
its fun to see mondo and co fight intensely for 15 minutes over who should get the soda from the fridge  laugh 
snlsnlsnlsnlsnlsnlsnlbestshoweverrrrrrrrrrrr
lol they found a planet other than earth that humans can definitely survive on  laugh  except its fricken a trillion <propmale> away dx i shall invade and rename it keeblerland!!!!!!!who will join me?
"and either way you turn\i'll be there\open up you're skull\i'll be there\climbing up the walls"
had an interesting conversation with a 3 year old at a shoe store
"safaa gave my little sister the choice of either going to costco with her or staying home with \boring madina\"" wow thanx safaa"""
i love cloudy days  wink 
yess! i just got my gyls letter and i feel so fricken happy and miss all my friends at gyls  laugh 
"after solving the rubiks cube a bunch of times, ive realized im not really getting anywhere by doing this, so whats the point?"
after noticing the paranor<propfemale>l activity 2 comercial came on i shrieked and jumped on the couch next to mindo and closed <propfemale> eyes lol
another essay on <propfirst> manson      maybe ill do it next year too lol
all my songs were erased from my ipod and it refuses to let me add any music on fml
haha i thought mrs  gunn was crazy    then i got mrs  tamoto dx
like this and nothing will happen
who's gonna be red tomorrow????
"like this and i wont tell u the truth, i wont tell u ten things i like about you, i wont tell u a confession, i wont give u a hug, i wont rate your looks, personality, hair, friends, or anything!!!!!! ill just say hi"
foggylicious
"def leppard was on the radio so i turned it up loud, then my mom said \what r u doin?!\"" and she turned it up louder lol"""
fake plastic trees
goin 2 corona
"i asked the guy\why you so fly? he said, \funky cold medina"
it makes my day to see a big chunk of chapstick on my locker
"i guess im 5,1 not 5,3 anymore  sad  how did this happen? wtffffffff"
for some odd reason my whole dream was on the debate of native americans having no split ends wtf
lightnin up in here!
oh shit its hailing!
ariyana says lightning means god is taking pictures lol
"co says \call my pants mean one more time and ill slap yo face mindy!\"""""
earthquake drill in 3rd period?
today i have learned there is an island called lesbos lol i will add that to my places to visit after i visit titicaca  laugh 
watz wit da fireworks??
yeah! boolani and chai  laugh 
krap room 3 weeks  playful 
"\the more you know the more you kohls\"" wtf does that mean?!"""
homecoming homecoming homecoming omg wat did u do? well i packed sum boxes did my hw and was forced to watch karate kid dx      u jealous?
yay i hav ants in my locker          all over my books     in my binder           now they're in my backpack
packin packin packin fo kraproom  laugh  good bye freeway!  playful 
<propfirst> chaplin time traveler??
yellow shortssssssssss dx where r u?
i can't find yellow shorts soooooooooooooooo lo siento aaaaaaaaand plz don't kill me  playful 
haha women of snl was sooooooooooooo funny  laugh  i love that show!
i hate the valley! especially reseda dddddddx
damn onions makin me cry!
"my mom: if you get another b on your test i will take your ipod away\me: laughing hysterically\\me: hey look i got a 98%!\my dad: bachem wat happened to the other 2%?\\me: yeah i have an a- in science!\my dad: why don't you have an a+?"
y are they makin a movie on <propfirst> bieber?
i was fried alive thanx to the school rally and the annoying kids behind me didn't help the situation either
"mom: hey you guys have thursday off isn't that great!\me and safaa: yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah\mom: we can use that extra time to pack some more boxes!\me and safaa: noooooooooooooooo"
"wow i found a noose in my garage, what should i use it for?"
yea! i finally went to the new super target!!! i felt lost the whole time lol
i will never get bored of watching dumb and dumber  laugh 
thanks to dls i feel fully rested today  laugh 
wtf!!!!!!!!! <propfemale> palin has her own show??? seriously?!
"goin to corona and back within 6 hours, this will be fun  laugh "
"\canada sent us <propfirst> bieber  clearly they are declaring war  we should send them a bad singer from <propfemale>    sorry miley <propmale>   ur goin to canada\"" lol"""
tuesday tuesday tuesday!!!!! laugh dddddddddddd
i just wanted to say    bye in n' out!!! ill miss livin so close 2 u  sad 
wood shop and stoners don't mix
floating babies       
"i don't mean to stare\we don't have to breed\we can plant a house\we can build a tree"
"presentations start tomorrow in english, and i just started writing mine right now!!!!!! thx to the move im so far behind everything  sad "
mom \how was the test? did you do good?\,110c240da25a00044e377537d2b5ac55,"had my thanksgiving dinner with berinj and hummus, you jealous?"
it sucks to be short in the lunch line  sad 
like disco superfly
its not fun gettin punched in the lunch line  sad 
'a million poppies gonna make me sleep' lol
"change your fb profile picture to your favorite cartoon character from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join the fight against child abuse, copy and paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same "
<propfemale> \would u eat <propfemale>'s toe for a million dollars?\,110c240da25a00044e377537d2b5ac55,the new driver licenses look weird
"<propmale> \re-ply the toilet paper!!!\"""""
"wow they said on the news that they caught <propfirst> manson texting from prison d: a psycho serial killer texting someone outa prison is kinda scary, considering how he killed those pple by brainwashing other pple to do it, and on the fone he said \i've seen the world spinning on fire  i've danced and sang in the devil's choir  wtfffffffffff"""
la trade show in a week!  laugh 
"biggest loser finale, you can't get more dramatic than that"
its nice not living next to the freeway anymore  smile 
its hard not to laugh when mr  riehl is talking
its been like 10 months  sad  just 2 more weeks and my dad will be home  smile 
yummy afghan food  smile  can't get enuff of that stuff
december heat wave?!
soooooooo marzaar day friday???
"monday lunar eclipse  laugh  \hopefully its not cloudy like last year  annoyed  \and it probably will be  sad "
"\the niagara falls of mullets\"" snl"""
"going 2 lax tomorrow to pick up my dad  laugh \its gonna be an awesome christmas  smile "
stupid clouds coverin the eclipse!!!! this happened last time  sad 
"safaa- \put two random afghans in a room and they will find out they are distantly related\"""""
"dad: in the tanks they make you wear big seatbelts that cover your whole body so if you get hit by a bomb you don't die\ariyana: yea like the swings at the playground! its like the same thing"
i thought my little sister was having a seizure when she found out she got a pillow pet fur christmas
my little sister told me i eat like a manikin     wtf
watching titanic fur the millionth time  playful 
hiking to boney mountain or paradise falls  laugh 
side street cafe today!  laugh 
my backpack is officially marzaar  playful 
<propfemale> 
"ariyana: looks its paty kerry!!!\me: you mean <propfemale> <propfirst>?"
"i go to sleep with socks, a sweatshirt, and sweats with 4 blankets and one of them is a reeeeeeeeally thick one from afghanistan and im still cold @ nite!!!! sux how the heater in my room is not workin  sad "
mah heater works!!!! smile 
"\i poop brains like a boss and chorizos have eyes\"""""
out of all the weekends it has to be 80 this weekend!!! wtf
"as soon as you're born you start dying\so you might as well have a good time"
interpol playin at coachella wish i could go  sad 
girl fell in fountain cuz she was too busy txting  now she is thinking about a possible lawsuit  playful 
17 in a month  laugh 
"\the psychos have no rest\"" <propfemale> <propfirst> <propfemale> kephart safaa kaderi <propfemale> klepper"""
single survival is like 6th grade math but waaaaaaaaaaaaay slower
"\older men declare war  but it is the youth that must fight and die \"""""
corny horror movies are the worst
"\i like my sugar with coffee and cream\"""""
should i hike to the beach on my birthday????
stomach flu plz go away
\trying to make ends meet\,110c240da25a00044e377537d2b5ac55,"even tho im not a <propfirst> bieber fan, just bein 2 inches from him, goin 2 his premiere never say never and meetin a bunch of movie stars tonite was pretty awesome          my ears still hurt from those girls screamin @ every single scene!!!!!"
poor cuddles  sad 
changing schools???! hope not  sad 
"ariyana: are you 17 yet?\me: my birthday is in two days\ariyana: well hurry up! you're taking so long!"
costco samples  laugh 
hail!  laugh 
can't wait to get out of this place
<propmale> of limbs  laugh 
"ariyana's definition of jesus christ: \that guy who got hurt on the lowercase t\"""""
its kinda hard to do my hw when my mom is blasting arabic music downstairs
happy new year!  laugh 
i didn't know cutting the fat off of meat slabs could be so entertaining lol
was planning to hike at paradise falls today but ended up at zuma beach instead  laugh 
"at times my cat sounds like an old person moaning or a goat, but never a like a regular cat"
gettin harrassed in chem    everyday lol
"me: do you feel cold?\ariyana: i feel like crying \me: why?\ariyana: because i am cold \wtf"
today in chem i got the usual tormenting while at the same time my stuff got stolen and tossed around      jus gotta love that class  playful 
new phone  laugh 
makin a cake fur my awesome sister  laugh  happy birthday dawwwg
after i finished up painting my little sisters nails she decides that she doesn't like it and takes it all off wtf
