b4bf2fb67f94e345420c97e3672ede39
never been a better time than right now 
ready to go see the hangover
sorry can't <propfemale> out this weekend guys; the <propmale> brothers are in town
feelin dumb because i can't get past a simple part in wind waker
"you know when i'm down to my socks, it's business time, that's why they call em business socks  oooh   "
don't know why i'm up this early 
killed a chupacabra today  it was pretty sweet 
feels like <propmale> pert just played a legendary drum solo on my body
has been sweating off a fever    a fever for more cow <propfemale>
finishing reading watchmen  gonna watch the movie after i do 
soooo     watchmen was awesome!! and the movie was actually fairly accurate  i did watch the directors cut though   
overslept and missed the block party sad 
"it's friday! who's coming with me, man?"
dominated some beer pong with j dog last night!
went the the keg and barrel for <propfirst>'s birthday last night after some good jamming and beer pong 
watched <propfirst> brand's stand-up last night  freakin hilarious
enjoying my second of two days off  gotta go back to krispy kreme tomorrow  god i hate donuts
just got off work and got clean  ready for tomorrow's game!
had a good night  watched the saints game at wild wings and enjoyed some good music and good beer at the keg and barrel 
yeah! it's my burfday!!
go see inglourious basterds!
is aggravated  too many life changes at once 
ugh    gotta work at 4 in the morning    again  it'll be ok though  only six more days in a row!
is just checkin out the band's new phase shifter  so funky!
is about to watch the magnificent seven! classic 
is bored to tears
ugh   the boom boom room's closed all weekend 
first roundhouse groove show; opening for purpetrator at <propfirst>'s boom boom room saturday starting at ten!
is ready for the show!!
definitely thinks we should have a dislike option on facebook 
enjoyed the hell out of the first roundhouse groove show  we rocked face and got another show within the week  yeeaaa boooiii
ugh    not gonna get to go see soul rebels after all 
<propfirst> ass trick stepped on my sneakers! poured <propmale> salt all over me 
is tired of being sick  need to get better before band practice 
yeah son! saints dominate another one  who dat?
writing songs is like pulling teeth over a long period of time 
just dominated colt in an epic game of beer pong!@colt 
just had a crazy dream  i won 130 bucks at an arcade where i met milla jovavich who was swedish and couldn't speak english  i then followed her to a train station and then to washington park where i had to defend her honor from a group of people who were deliberately stepping on her brand new phat farms  i kicked the one guys ass though 
is about to go play some pool with j dawg and colt 
good night
is going to rip the floor out of a house 
is stoked for the revivalists tonight!! about time they came back to the big bad burg 
had a blast for <propfemale>'s birthday last night  happy birthday <propfirst>!
hopes for a much more productive band practice today 
had a pretty good jam day  got five originals now  need a couple more before the october 22 show 
steak and eggs for breakfast!
is ready for snarky puppy tonight! who's comin with me?
it's jam day again!! gotta work on a new song today  super sweet  and the saints won!! who dat
can't help but funk it to ya 
is feelin down again 
just filled up his belly and is crunk for jam day!
allman brothers tomorrow!! after that i can die happy 
widespread panic and the allman brothers rocked the house!! thank god for <propmale> haynes!
<propfemale> is a wheel 
after being a shut-in for a week due to bronchitis i've finally left the house with a moderately positive attitude  now i just gotta keep it and my health up til tomorrow night  opening for <propfemale> taxi!
dear sexy ladies: i love you all 
rocked the shit at the boom boom room last night  special thanks to <propfemale> taxi and all the fans that made a great night for us 
gots to get some yard work done before jam day kicks off 
jam day!! i get by with a little help from my friends
fridays are always fresh days   
"we are the dirt we're standing in, shaped by the ones who dug it first "
ugh    for the first time i have a badass groove to write to but don't really have anything cohesive to say  just a jungle of mixed emotions and metaphor with nuggets of wisdom sparsely thrown between 
<propfemale> <propmale> & co rocked the boco! band practice before that  pretty good day overall
"had a shitty dream this morning that i flew a plane that ran out of gas, which i somehow managed to gracefully land in my grandmother's kitchen, where i found someone microwaving a puppy "
"well, americans, what nothin better to do? why don't you kick yourself out you're an immigrant to  who's using who? what should we do? well you can't be a pimp and a prostitute too "
wasting away the moments that make up the dull days
is enjoying some <propmale> n cheese and chicken tenders
the roundhouse groove show is tomorrow night at the boom boom room! be there or suffer the wrath of <propmale> <propmale> 
going to new orleans tonight!! hells yeah  everybody go see <propfemale> <propmale> and the bearded men o' steel at sidelines tomorrow!
"is thankful for new orleans, the saints, roundhouse groove, and all the sexy ladies  amen "
the <propfemale> is ours  to hell with the day  sunlight is only gone take love away; raise up suspicions and alibis but i can see through tear-blotted eyes  --- man i'm straight addicted to the black keys!
shake em doooooown  we don't take no shit  see ya theeerrre down in the fiery pit  - come see <propmale> fisher  i know i'm about to 
who dat!!! saints going all the way this year baby
"slow and cold, winter wind slaps you on your cheek again    and it stings    yeeaah it stiiings"
go gold it's the way of the land  you know that silver ain't enough for the american man 
takin it straight back to 1999 with some outkast 
gettin my new bed today!
"where the hoodoo trance takes me, that's the way i go"
jam day!! workin on new material! sweetness
bring tha noise!!
gets to watch the saints kick ass and then jam day  i love sundays
another saints nailbiter and another win! who dat!? thank you <propfemale>
"how you gonna rock yourself to sleep when i give up my midnight creep, girl? how you gonna get that deep when your daddy ain't around here to do it to you?"
roundhouse groove and vanilla <propfemale> christmas special tomorrow night! be there or get a lump of coal in ya stockin!
i want <propfemale> fox for christmas    and jazzfest tickets
happy crimmus everybody! holla at me
help me remember how to be good; how to continue when i feel i really shouldn't 
finally finished writing the new song  two days and one funky ass song in the bh ain't too shabby
silence; there's somethin about silence that makes me sick  cause silence can be violent sorta like a slit wrist   if the vibe was suicide then you would push the button but if you're bowin down    then let me do the cutting!!
there's just no tellin what a satisfied man might do
band practice then a couple of new year's shows  looks like it's gonna be a musical year 
is eating the blandest soup of all time  it tastes like the chunky soup people hired <propfemale> keller as their product tester
want some whiskey in your water; sugar in your tea? all these crazy questions people askin me  this is the craziest party there could ever be  don't turn on the lights cause i don't wanna see 
is stoked to go back to school monday!
"all i wanna know is    \who's comin with me?\"""""
time for a fifteen minute bongo solo 
first day back at school  my english teacher gave us a writing assignment on <propfirst> clapton lyrics  now if i can just con her into some zeppelin   
e playful ress yourself!!
go ninja go ninja go!
five hours of biology coming up    but i have the revivalists to look forward to tonight  boom boom after static charade
"friday night, party lights; you were actin like everything was alright  but later on with no one around; had me fightin for air, layin on the ground, oh lord"
black and gold superbowl!! who dat!?
"pants on the ground, pants on the ground, lookin like a fool with ya pants on the ground"
hopefully today's band practice will wield some positive results 
and my full day of school starts now 
"swimmin in the oceans, deep inside your doses, runnin through the roses; funk is everywhere! funk is everywhere!"
one nation under a groove
is ready for some saints domination!
is still in shock from that amazing display of football prowess  it was a good game on both sides of the ball but    who dat!!
off to the magical land of world civ!
"i'm the one that's gotta die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way i want to  - hendrix"
"rock me away to school, <propmale> haynes "
"i'm on the road, yeah  wind in my sails like a summer breeze  i hope i can love what's in front of me  manifest <propfemale>  oooooh yeah  man it's my <propfemale>  cause here we go again down sixty five  i can see for <propmale>, you know the greatest thing is the darkness in our faith   "
just aced both of my tests for the day!
a great big thanks to everybody who came to the roundhouse groove show last night  we had a great time and had a great turnout  come on back this upcoming friday when we open for flowtribe 
<propfirst> was a racecar driver  he drove so god damn fast; never did take the checkered flag but he never did finish last
"damn it, my phone's broken  what's happening in the world today? hit me up"
"<propmale> walks warily down the street with his brim pulled way down low  ain't no sound but the sound of his feet, machine guns ready to go  are you ready? are you ready for this, are you standin on the edge of your seat? out of the doorway the bullets rip to the sound of the beat "
went to court for an insurance ticket and got that shit thrown out  hells yeah
is torn between which saints jersey to get 
ended up going with the meachem jersey  ballin  ready for the game sunday and the show friday  flowtribe!!!
so avatar was pretty trippy  and pretty badass! i want to be a nine foot tall blue dude
is off to a long day of school 
isn't sad enough for the blues 
shoot me in the face
this is ground control to <propmale> <propmale>   
"on snowdays, never walk through mud in dress shoes "
is bored and unmotivated 
say goodnight to da bad guy!
"i'm the <propmale> of rock; there is none higher  sucka mc's should call me sire  to burn my <propmale>dom, you must use fire  i don't stop rockin til i retire!"
god damn it!!!
somebody free me from my prison of boredom  tell me to come <propfemale> out!
just watched the first episode of spartacus: blood and sand  pretty good  overdid the blood kinda like in 300  lots of boobs though so thumbs up 
pow! right in the kisser 
how about that damn snarky puppy? we got the funk!!
can't catch a break 
"none of us can remember anything about last night, remember?"
aint got but one way out baby; lord i just can't go out that door   cause there's a man down there! might be yo man  i don't know
"tonight: <propfemale> <propmale> and her fantastic company, roundhouse groove to the face, and <propmale> fisher  you let me know if you find a better show than this in the burg tonight "
<propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> 
that smelled just like bologna for some reason 
"so by psychosematical, you mean he could start a fire, with his thoughts?"
<propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> and his runnin pardners comin to the burg!! come witness a truly historical musical e playful erience  boom boom!
got his dancin shoes back
funk appreciation lesson tonight! hosted by <propfirst> <propmale> jr  himself!!
is ready to jam out to <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> and his runnin pardners  see ya down there
"would rather be blind, crippled, and crazy somewhere pushin up the daisies than to let you break his heart all over again "
"had a great day! helped out a good friend, had a great lunch at the keg & barrel whilst watching the usa vs  canada hockey game, then played some ultimate frisbee with good friends "
my body feels as fucked up as the gore bush election 
"for sale: applause acoustic guitar; round back, fair condition, plays well  $150  hit me up if you're interested "
neither party is mine; not the jackass or the elephant
knocked out two papers in one night and actually enjoyed every bit of it!
"rounhouse groove and the revivalists saturday at the boom boom!! you bring ya soul, we got the rock n' roll "
finally done with my biology 
"if it takes shit to make bliss, well then i feel pretty blissfully "
"sweet! umphrey's, <propfirst> butler trio, and galactic added to the bonnaroo lineup  maybe they'll pull out a decent lineup after all "
feels like poop 
doesn't feel like poop anymore 
such a lovely day  throwin around the old pigskin with good friends  roundhouse show tonight at the boom boom!! bring ya friends
i need three topics to freewrite about so help me out here facebook community 
"wrecked his truck yesterday  so, yeah, really hoping for a better day today "
is ready for gulf shores!!
"hey mississippi, i'm back "
i love it when you call me big poppa
made hotdog hamburgers 
smells a superjam cookin up  come check out the boom boom tonight 
"cool it with ya attitude  get to travelin the latitudes and longitudes, lines just divide this city from the inside "
is a fan of chicken pot pie 
"are you aware that the bird is, in fact, the word?"
do you feel like i do?
has poker on the brain 
momma's don't let your cowboys grow up to be babies 
power music electric revival
mmmmmm     fruity pebbles 
i tell you i say he dead 
just finished a six <propfemale> paper in like three hours 
damn it! stone <propfemale> pilots are playing in tunica saturday 
found jesus 
oh thank god! i thought <propmale> <propmale> died  but it's not true  it's not true people 
wants to go to french quarter fest 
this is <propmale> <propmale> to ground control 
"get an eyepatch, man  get the funky, funky eyepatch "
steak and taters!!!
"hey ladies, we got the jams ya need  roundhouse groove and the prophets of funk at the boom boom room tonight!! 5 dolla holla!!"
i want to thank you for lettin me be myself again!! last night at the boom boom was sick as hell! thanks to everybody who tore the roof off the sucker with roundhouse groove  mad props to the prophets of funk 
had a blast at french quarter fest! <propfirst> sketch & the dirty notes and then a superjam with flow tribe minus one plus eighteen  ballin
really isn't much feeling mississippi today 
so my phone's messed up  i can't do anything but press the 5 and 0 buttons
is bored as hell  somebody come <propfemale> out with me 
all the <propfirst> connery bond movies are on demand  hells yeah 
"my phone is back in commission, but as always, i'm left without anyone's number  hit me up"
's first day of work wasn't bad at all 
son of bitch biology bastard homework hell
"just ran two <propmale> because he found out class was cancelled  yeah, i know they're unrelated  big whoop, wanna fight about it?"
ready set go!
still too sleepy for this work thing 
"supacrunk funk night, turnin on the porch light, gotta get the sound right, get it right get it tight "
north ms allstars last night was sick as hell!! thank you <propmale>
"music, support me today  you're all i've got "
rocked face at rock wars and had to leave early to do homework  boo 
second place to christian metal  jesus prevails  my atheism remains unblemished 
make my funk the p  funk  i wants to get funked up 
sharks come back to beat the red wings! really good game 
got a couple of papers done  still might do one more  so ready for this semester to be over  summer time's callin my name 
i am not a crook 
"aw, my paycheck is in pesos    these zeros are meaningless "
i held my tongue as she told me son fear is the heart of love so i never went back 
finished his last minute paper  woot!
 draobyek sih htiw melborp a fo tib a sah
get ya roundhouse fix tomorrow at the boco  ten o clock rock 
said a hip hop a hibby to the hibby da hip hip hop and i don't stop rockin wit a bang bang boogey said up drop the boogy with the rhythm of the boogey the beat 
my grandma is wearing my band's t shirt to church  sweet!
the imaginarium of dr  parnassus  lsd 
is going to gulf shores today
jesus had the chronic 
"if you,re horny let's do it  ride my pony  your saddle is waiting  come jump on it "
paddleboats are the bomb!!
i'm not the only soul who's accused of hit and run  tire tracks all across your back  i can see you had your fun 
is just about worn out  umphrey's mcgee last night was amazing  danced my ass off with two random angels  hopefully we'll meet again some day 
"i know the elections are over and i don't care about your presidential preference, but <propfemale> palin is a fucking moron   a nice body does not warrant a political career   she's blaming environmentalists for bp's massive oil spill in the gulf "
damn rain  cancelled all my plans today  what's going on tonight world? hit me up 
jesus don't want me for a sunbeam
almost done moving all my stuff back into the band house  been on the go since 8 this morning 
is ready for some world cup action! usa vs  england saturday!
go usa!! i'll take a tie to a loss  can't wait to see brazil play tuesday and spain wednesday 
about to watch the germany vs  australia futbol match  hopefully it won't be another tie 
watchin the replay of the netherlands vs  denmark match  waitin for brazil  spain tomorrow!
brazil's gonna have to step it up  i mean they're the #1 team and they're playing #105 ranked n  korea  they should already have 2 goals
we got monkeys with junky diseases; who's touching these monkeys please leave these poor monkeys alone cause they've got problems enough as it is 
i was hoping south africa wouldn't go down like that  uruguay pretty much dominated 
england's playing for shit  usa can definitely lock up this division   watch out for uruguay  forlan's on fire!!
felt great shakin his booty with <propmale>  i needed some good dancin in my life!
jesus christ!! portugal just raped north korea  7 to nothing  how does that happen? i mean n  korea gave brazil a run for their money 
he don't even think like she was 
first day at my new job  diggin it 
"it hurt that the us was eliminated, but england getting eliminated kinda made it feel better  go uruguay!"
who needs a baby punched?
ready for payday tomorrow!
is stoked uruguay won yesterday  that game gave me chills  about to watch <propfemale> vs  germany 
uh oh  2 minutes in and germany already scored 
this side up at the boom boom tonight!! see ya there 
is ready for the not shitty part of the day to happen 
needs to see <propfirst> villa score real quick 
come to the roundhouse groove show at the boom boom tomorrow night! dress for success in your funky fly best  it's a party ya'll!
wow i passed out at like eight o clock and just woke up confused and still in my work pants and boots
ready set go!!
is ready for his birthday  <propfemale> taxi august 21
had the greatest weekend ever in <propfemale> with zac and feinburg!! thanks to the revivalists and papa grows funk for a kickass show! can't wait to go back 
"monkeys with junky diseases, who's touchin these monkeys please leave these poor monkeys alone cause they've got problems enough as it is"
zoom zoom zoom zoom zaaya zoom zoom zaaya zaiaiaiaaada aaada whooaa whooa whooa whooa
"come on, baby, finish what you started"
fridays are always fresh days 
don't push me cause i'm close to the edge; i'm trying not to lose my head 
<propfemale> taxi saturday for my burfday!! be there or be square!
"so ya wanna be hardcore, with ya hat turned back, talkin bout gats in ya raps, but i can't feel that hardcore appeal that ya screamin; baby i'm dreamin"
"so roundabout by yes is one of the sickest classic rock songs ever  down with freebird, up with roundabout "
"is just sittin here, thinkin on the side of the road, got a head full of rhythm that's about to e playful lode, got a bucket full of rain and i've been told, love ain't nothin but fool's gold  <propfemale> taxi tomorrow night for my burfday!"
now <propmale> <propmale> was a cajun  he lived by himself in the swamp  hunted alligator for a livin  he just knock em in the head with a stump
thanks everybody for your generous birthday wishes! thanks to <propfemale> taxi for makin a dream come true by letting me sing with em and thanks to <propmale> fisher for playing me the burfday song!!! it was everything i hoped for and then some  don't think the party stops now  it's just beginning 
we been livin in the funk!
"send me text messages people  once again, i've gotten a new phone and have no <propfirst> "
dances with wolves plus <propfemale> gully equals avatar 
yay financial aid!
you sly bastard   
the clouds look like leopard print
roundhouse groove  friday  come get funkified and crunkirockitized at the boom boom room   all ya friends'll be there 
the revivalists tonight at the boom boom! get ya crunk on!
saints got that voodoo magic  who dat!
actually saw this as a common google search: if herpes on the mouth is so common how come people act like genital herpes is so bad?
"you said the <propfemale> was ours  you said the <propfemale> was ours, to hell with the day; sunlight is only gonna take love away; raise up suspicions and alibis, but i can see blue, tear blotted eyes     lies, lies, lies, ooooooh liiiieeeesss, dadada dada da"
a dirty bird can't fly with a broken wing 
touchdown baby!! who dat!
this is clutch  gotta do it in overtime
fuckin falcons 
promental shit backwash psychosis  the enema squad  the doo doo chasers
"i'm an alligator, i'm a mama-papa comin for you  i'm the space invader, i'll be a rock n rollin' bitch for you  keep your mouth shut, you're squawking like a pink monkey bird and i'm bustin up my brains for the words"
got out of class 2 hours early! kaboom biatch
"digging away the moments that make up the dull days  fritter and waste the hours in an off-hand way  kickin around on a piece of ground in your home town, waiting for someone or something to show you the way"
gotta get my old testament on  woot
"i like the way ya work it, no diggity, i got to bag it up  snarky puppy tonight! kaboom bitch"
"slow down, you forget it youll regret it"
you've got a friend in me 
"colt: i eat babies\me: hate babies or eat babies?\colt: i eat them  because i hate them "
you've got to go through it to get to the end of it 
that monkey is fucking funky - maci rodrigue
the browns? really?
caps lock is not always necessary or appropriate!!
purp-o-ween!! gonna be red hot ya'll!
"please post this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and in case you didn't know, they can breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have been eaten by dragons  the other 7% of people are sitting the shower armed with fire extinguishers "
i'm alive and not in jail  no need to worry  thanks to all who came out for purpoween last night  it was a blast!!
"the appearance of the law must be upheld, especially when it's being broken "
you learned to dance like that sarcastically?
come get ya funk on saturday with roundhouse groove and purpetrator!! wear your pj's!!
"had a good time at <propmale> \youngblood\"" hart and <propfirst> vidacovich   ready to jam at the thirsty hippo tomorrow night!! roundhouse groove and purpetrator! wear your pj's; it's a pajama party!"""
"people keep waitin on a change, ain't got sense enough to come in out of the rain"
is hooongry
sargeant baker is my name  gonna teach how to play the game of warfare!
gameday!! going to eat some roast at <propfemale> <propfemale>'s!
you dang woochucks! quit chuckin my wood!
sick  blugh
i ought to make it by sundown  i figure that's enough time for me to get the whole rundown
come on saints! every week's a nail biter  i just need one week with a clean solid win so i can grow my fingernails back 
"what ya got? what ya got in your hand, father says to son  i got the whole world here, daddy, between my finger and my thumb "
"come celebrate the end of finals week with your friends in roundhouse groove!! saturday night at <propmale>'s boom boom room   prophets of funk start the night off with some sweet, stress-relieving funkification   bring ya ass, bring ya friends, don't bring ya kids!!"
and another one bites the dust!! only one more final on tuesday and it'll be a piece of cake  so glad this semester turned out so well  roundhouse groove tomorrow night at the boom boom ya'll  you know you wanna relieve some stress and throw down!
come join the funk at the boom boom room tonight with ya friends from prophets of funk and roundhouse groove   last show of the year at the room of boom  five dolla holla!
would like to thank everyone who came out for the roundhouse groove show last night and helped us tear the roof off the sucker 
"man, where are all the f*cking beavers? - <propfirst> rock"
"done with my last final!! kaboom, this semester's in the bag!"
thinks his little cousin is going to be a politician  at dinner he started walking up to people telling them how nice it was to meet them  he's a toddler 
i think i'm gonna cut my hair off today 
piss and vinegar 
glad i got to <propfemale> out with my family from south <propfemale>  hate that the saints lost while they were down but we still had a good time 
"i can't make it this weekend guys, the <propmale> brothers are in town "
"now the folks around south louisiana, said <propmale> was a hell of a man; he could trap the biggest; the meanest alligator and just use one hand  that's all he got left cause the alligator bit it "
<propfirst> peterson raped old ladies!??!
roundhouse groove yall!! tomorrow night with colorblind at the thirsty hippo  bring ya friends!
"hold tight, wait til the party's over  hold tight, we're in for nasty weather  there has got to be a way, burnin down the house!"
"party at <propmale>'s house tonight! music, beer, friends    what else can you ask for?"
pretty much feels like a million bucks today 
one man gathers what another man spills
roundhouse groove ya'll!! <propmale>'s boom boom room tonight with <propfirst> <propfirst> 
finally got my school business straight  only missed the entire first week  good start to the semester
it's like a finga pointed to da <propfemale>  don't concentrate on the finga or you'll miss all that heavenly <propfemale>
"wow, i'm really not gonna give a shit about the superbowl this year "
"me: \i invented the creek \""\",b4bf2fb67f94e345420c97e3672ede39,can i take off my watch and my ring?
bullshit hump day  glad it's over 
"friday is my designated dancing day, but my bum knee is seriously going to limit that tonight "
come see the revivalists tonight!! boom boom room
"hey hey little fighter girl it's you and me up against this whole wide world sleeping together in the lion's den, got your earrings in my pocket til i see you again"
facebook world: you are all beautiful rays of sunshine and everything is going to be alright  keep those chins up out there 
made that poem his bitch 
"it happens  what, shit? sometimes "
roundhouse groove tomorrow night at the boom boom!!
at least i got to watch on saints player on tv today  <propmale> bush on celebrity bowling    against <propfemale> and lil <propmale>  classic 
"dubstep, house, techno  all the god damn same  mindless music made to melt your mind to  nitpick over the subtle differences all you want but it's still just a couple guys making beats on computers for rave kids "
you're just gonna want to say smith or jones or somethin; you're <propfemale> gonna pronounce that
"a man who mistrusts himself cannot even trust his mistrust, and must therefore be helplessly confused "
got a badass new blazer  score!
"really wants to get waffled at an umph show, bruh "
"there never was an apple, in <propfirst>'s opinion, that wasn't worth the trouble you got into for eating it "
i thought sunday was the lord's day  not friday
fridays are always fresh days  get out there and have a good time tonight people; there's stuff going on  be safe though 
my grandma: apply at cellular south; they love pretty people   thanks gran
"if you should go skating on the thin ice of modern life dragging behind you the silent reproach of a million tear stained eyes, don't be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet  you'll slip out of your depth and out of your mind with your fear flowing out behind you as you claw the thin ice  - pf"
do you feel like i do?
you know the type loud as a motor bike but wouldnt bust a grape in a fruit fight
ow shes a brick  house  shes mighty mighty just lettin it all <propfemale> out
roundhouse groove ya'll!! thursday funk at <propmale>'s  for free!! bring ya friends
the one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancing  - <propfirst> brown
what should my facebook status be?
feels and looks way too good to be this bored  lets do somethin
i am a man of constant sorrow
"what's up? my legs, that's what! i'm doin a handstand mothaf*cka!"
has been poetic all day  now it's time for football   or frisbee 
first green beer of the day  happy st  pattys everyone
that's why you don't just smile and nod when you don't understand something 
