feeea1a2c4032c35f08a42544277d184
loves to take care of swords
is writing a book 
fells like he's in a fire  =-(
is working on a song
i manged to give out a gospel tract at carowinds  i just hope he took the time to read it and hopefully get saved 
today is my oldest brother's (<propmale>) birthday 
i have to be nice to my brother today  =-(
<propfemale> point today
"is sunburnt, can't move my shoulders "
its my birthday 
my dagger is finished 
"home alone, bored"
has blackberries growing around his house 
my mom is overly upset 
my brother  is being kicked out 
i have a doctor's appointment tomorrow  why me?
can't wait for camp next week
fell and scraped his arm
camp tommorrow
is back from camp
has decided that if he doesn't outgrow the keinbox by the end of the school year he will get surgery on it 
has been having a confusing year and made a big mistake by trying to get rid of one of his best friends 
praying <propfirst> will heal quickly
"is worried about <propfirst>, shes blaming and beating herself up"
is watching gundam wing
is going to sapporo soon
went to <propfemale> hollow at hiddenite today 
"christ's love went as far as to endure torment beyond our imagination just so we wouldn't have  he carried the cross to calvary so he could <propfemale> us to heaven  he died on the cross so we wouldn't have to suffer the eternal death  during that whole time, he could've decided to do otherwise  christ's love is infinite "
ben-hur is a good movie
i hate riding the school <propfirst>
i jammed my finger
is pooped after the wedding rehearsal dinner tonight (yesterday if u want to be picky) 
went to the renold's house and then went to a familyfriend's house for a cookout 
is writing a poem and hoping to get it published 
's brother won't take him to school
hasn't been able to find his phone
"x in greek is christ, so when people say x-mas they're saying the 1st part in greek "
i think that red dye gave my hair a redish tint
i wish my wrist wasnt white   sad 
looking at replica double-edged katanas
bored and confused
this is a weird feeling
why can't i get this feeling out of my head 
y cant i get her out of my head
why is it so hard for me to tlk to people
<propfemale> painted my pinkies pink
getting baptized on december 20 
are you a christian or an american?
"christmas is not about getting or giving  christmas is about the birth of christ  when we celbrate christmas, it shouldn't be for getting presents, it should be for the birth of christ the savior "
???d ?no? o?uo si?? ??s?d pu? ?do? 's??s s?!? ???? ?no ??n?i? o? ??nou? ????s ??? no? ?i 
"just got home fromwalmart! theres was a ton of traffic!!!! but i'm glad theres snow, i can dump down my brother's shirt "
my dad's here for christmas   smile 
is mr crosby weird?
has had a unique day today
got baptized tonight
avatar is awesome  i wish i was a na '<propfemale> 
<propfemale> christmas
"i got a sword, a camera, 2 ds games (chrono trigger and kingdom hearts 358 2 days), the kindgom hearts strategy guide, and 100 dollars "
my house is noisy cuz of improvements bein done to it
copyy this into your statuss and see what people ratee you    1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: weird   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: beautiful   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best   now choose one for me
happy new years everyone! lets make 2011 a year we will never forget  serve the lord with all your heart 
"note to self, be careful not to cut your finger when you oil your sword"
"i enjoy going out on fishing for men trips, today i learned how to share my testimony while giving out a gospel tract  its going to be a whole lot more nerve racking when i do it for real, but god will give me confidence  i can't wait for the first friday of february, march, april, may, etc  i love fishing for men "
my heart feels like it is broken into a million pieces never to be put back together 
i won a contest  i got 2 movie tickets and a gift card
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front them!!"
<propfirst> tried to scratch my arm off  r all girls like that  when you try to take something out of their hands?
is working on a new wooden sword
"great, my phone is dead and the charger is broken "
"if i were to  die tonight, how would you feel?"
im not going to school tomorrow so i can play the new game im getting
just got a new phone
"if we were going by the bibles dress code, guys would be wearing skirts, and girls would be wearing pants  and no, im not joking "
my hands hurt now
everything i do always seems to blow up in my face 
to sapporo's steakhouse
what should i do?
"somedays, i glad to be alive, and others, i wish i never existed  some people, i'm glad to have met, and others, i wish they would get a life  when i get rid of a friend, i don't do it right away  i wait to see a response or reaction, then i make my final decision  when i do get rid of a friend, that is one of the times when i wish i never existed "
is varnishing a stump for a garden
had a power outage that fried the house's main computers  went to tennessea tuesday and came back thursday  went to the bush's best visitor center while i was there and went gem mining on the way back  got a good size <propfemale> now 
had fun at unc <propfemale>  passed out flyers for a bible study fellowship group there  <propmale> went to but he didn't do much but complain about the shade disappearing  i'm also happy that i didn't have to go to school today 
"life is always full of uncertainties  one thing i'm certain of is that jesus christ died on the cross so that we can go to heaven  never get rid of a friend who sticks by you through thick and thin because you may end up regretting it  even then you must walk with the lord, and he will work everything out in time "
"therefore, seeing we are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with <propfemale> the race that is set before us  (hebrews 12:1) but those who wait on the lord shall renew their strength, they shall rise on wings like eagles, they shall run and not grow weary, they shall walk and not grow faint  (<propmale> 40 smile 1)"
me and my mom were driving home from a jewelry party and found a dog in the middle of the road  someone named <propfemale> called the police and we stayed til animal control came 
i wish i could tell her sorry
i hate being sick   sad 
got a  baby <propmale> shepherd 
i wish there was another week off and the exams were on the last we were at school in december   sad 
