8747c5dd7f5ea1553a166ff76d38c0c5
happy new year!!!! wishing everyone the best for 2011!!!
so after i got home at like 4 smile 0 this morning i started writing for an hour and a half  went to sleep at 6  woke up at 9 with an idea  wrote for 2 more hours  went to sleep at 11  woke up at about 12 smile 0 and have been writing since       this is going to be a good year i can tell   : d
"hasn't played a video game in over two weeks! i think that's the most i've ever gone without playing a video game, since i started  need  stress  reliever "
is scarred for life after see the who's creepy old guitarist's belly  soooo wrong o o
this was voted to be my celebrity look alike  ha! in your face skandar keynes!
is finally geting used to the school workload 
why is abbreviation such a long word?
latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population 
"before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes  that way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes "
"it scares me that doctors call what they do \practice\"" """
"if roses are red, and <propfemale>s are blue       then what the heck is the color <propfemale>?"
"just got a sweet little ear piercing on my left ear  gotta say, doesn't look as bad as i thought it would, and didn't really hurt that bad either "
question: how much wood would a wood <propmale> <propmale> if a wood <propmale> could <propmale> wood? answer: 48
what is the answer to the ultimate question?
there are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't 
"if at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you "
what's a free gift? aren't all gifts free??
"\never test the depth of the water with both feet \"""""
<propfirst> souter + karaoke in front of 200+ people = awesome
feels like getting some work done       so he is sitting down until the feeling passes 
have you ever had a fly land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try to scare it away with the cursor?
3 finals down 2 to go!! so far so good 
loves his summer job!!!
"i just realized that the letters 't' and 'g' are way too close together on a keyboard  i'll never be ending an e-mail with the phrase \regards\"" ever again """
"if you can’t beat them, use cheat codes "
teiam - problem solved
back from chicago!! had a great time and am ready to relax after my exhausting vacation  lol
do not argue with an idiot  he will drag you down to his level and beat you with e playful erience 
"feels really sick, ugh  good thing it's thanksgiving week so i can't miss any classes "
"guess i'm kind of late on this, but better late than never right? i'm thankful for everything the lord has blessed me with; my family, friends, church, and my dog, of course, etc "
meh      
"yes!!! i figured out what to do with the celery!!!! finally!! : d\(though i don't really know what it has to do with celery itself lol)"
"yes!!! i figured out what to do with the celery!!!! finally!! : d\(though i don't really know what it has to do with celery itself lol)"
"yes!!! i finally figured out what to do with the celery!!!! : d\(though i don't really know what it has to do with celery itself lol)"
"yes!!! i finally figured out what to do with the celery!!!! : d\(though i don't really know what it has to do with celery itself lol)"
hates feeling helpless      
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dang it!!!!!!!!!!    annoyed \(sorry, had to vent)"
"does feel better today  definitely not a hem, more like an ehm  lol"
"so i guess i'll play the number game, send me a number to my inbox and i'll tell you what i think of you in my status, i'll be 100% honest  copy and paste this to your status to keep the game going "
"1122334455: i don't know you all that well, but you seem like a great person  you care about your friends and don't take fluff from haters  you're a really independent person but in a good way  you're awesome!!"
"30: you're a really awesome and hilarious person, and i'm very happy that you're part of my family!!"
"507: you and your husband are a great example for me to follow!! easily the best, um, family-member-that-you-are in the world!!! love you!!!!"
"717: you're a truly great mom and you're love of the word is so inspiring! your hilarious and wacky, just like your hubby!!"
"keep the <propfirst> coming, or i might actually do something productive      "
"3789: you are incredibly smart and disiplined  you're really cool, and you don't let anyone discourage you from the main goal  you really are an awesome dude!"
"437602: you strive to be the best that you can be, and that really helps push me too! you are really inspiring a lot of people, and you set forth a great example for all of us!"
one down  two to go 
got a b in college algebra      
1 down and another that doesn't really count as well  two to go 
just got 92 0 on my final  yes!!! that should pull my 94 up to like 98!!
is done!! but it still kinda feels like i have some homework i need to do for next week  weird 
back from a great weekend with the grandparents  now i have time to focus on my book  let the writing begin!!
was writing until 5 o'clock in the morning       good times 
"just had a great christmas gathering with my families alvarez and gutierrez  whoever brought the crisy spicy chicken, thank you, it was delicious!!"
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! hope everyone has a great day!!! may it be filled with joy, laughter, joyness, and, um, pudding!!"
"doesn't particularly enjoy writing really sad scenes  man, people are going to be pissed when they read this  lol"
is so confused!!! ugh!!
*sigh*
hates feeling sick  nausea and massive headaches are never a good combination  ugh 
nothing like shoveling the driveway and scraping ice off the car for an hour to help feel a little better  time to write 
"\life is the lord's currency; spend it well \"""""
"so jccc won't let me get into my easy tab to review some information because apparently \a break-in attempt was detected\""  great """
nothing like a harder than usual workout to blow off some steam 
"the blow off only worked till i remembered a specific date  well, at least the workout was good      "
it just keeps getting better and better  awesome           
i think this may be the longest i've let my hair grow out  time for a haircut!!
and so it begins      
"so come to find out after going down to the campus, it's closed for the day (hour drive btw)  lol oh man  \\that information would have been nice to know beforehand  now to warm my freezing feet "
"lol ok, i may have pushed myself a little too hard this workout  ouch "
long but overall good day today  : )
nothing like a good old panick attack before heading home  -sigh-
so i lost my debit card yesterday and didn't even realize it 'till today  idiot 
"yes!!! finished my homework for tuesday, and wrote up what may be the most emotional scene (and one of my favorites) in the whole series  now to go home, do some chores and, um, write some more  : p"
so i get to my classical mythology class and the first thing the teacher has us do is stand up  then she puts on the hokey pokey and tells us to start dancing  that was just       uncomfortable 
i hate stairs!!!!!!!!!!!
i knew it      
like i said      
"i want you to comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  be creative and use your imagination  if you want, copy this to your status so i can do the same  : )"
dang it!! i hate getting nausea headaches!!! ugh      
"yes!!! yes!!!!! that is soooo awesome!!!! yes!!!!! i can\t believe it!!! ok that just made my day  : d"""
why is the air conditioner on in the computer lab??? it's freezing!!!
"\what we need's a few good 'taters      \""\",8747c5dd7f5ea1553a166ff76d38c0c5,nobody tosses a dwarf!!!!
fool of a took!!!
"statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are unhappy "
"i never judge a book by its cover  i use the paragraph on the back, it tells you what the story is about "
you know what really makes me smile? facial muscles 
well that probably wasn't the smartest decision i've ever made       v_v
"going up the stairs and slipped, smashing my lip on the edge of a stair  i just have the best luck ever! -_- *sigh*"
      exhausted      
3rd night with little or no sleep  -sigh-
      day 4  halfway there  i hope      
i feel       weird  really weird      
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!! hehe!!! haha!! hehe         hahahaha!!! ssssssssssssssssssthhhhhh            
"loves babysitting his cousins!!! we had an awesome time last night, and this morning we had fun talking about silver dollar city, and knives, of all things lol "
"yay for having a massive virus that completely took over my system, and is a new version so that the antivirus companies still don't know how to get rid of them! -sigh- gotta stay positive though  looking on the bright side, at least i have my book on a separate flash drive, so i won't lose that information : )"
"this crispy chicken is so good  it's yumtastic! it's, scrumtralescent! it's       tastealicious!!!!! just think of that mouthwatering first bite, the chicken surrounded by warm bread; tomatoes, pickles and lettuce making it nice and moist       imagine how it would taste  just, imagine           >_>"
"if i'm at juko, you're reading this "
is at a massive crossroads in my life      
today is friday 
shweet!!! got on last semester's honor roll!!
"hehehe hehe he he  victorious success once again!! yusssss!!!! just wrote down two more chapters, and they're quite good       for first drafts anyway  : d"
"if you can respond within three seconds of me posting this, i will literally give you one million dollars (if you're reading this part you're too late) "
yay for locking the key inside the car and having to wait at school 'till 5 for my parents to be able to go and get the spare       -sigh-
"on the bright side, it could have gone a lot worse "
"it's funny how everything becomes <propfemale> clear after going through something       bad, in life "
= p
"yes!! just finished  all my doable homework for the week after spring break!! now for a weekend cousin-babysitting marathon, and then a weeklong writing marathon!! yus!!! : d"
"colorful pj's? check \epic music blaring? check \various assortments of foods and beverages? check \writing for the rest of the day? check \wearing nerdy glasses to make me feel more like a writer? check \\let's get this party started : d"
"day 1, success! day 2       let's find out : )"
"day 2, yes! day 3, hair cut!"
"you know, there comes a time in every man's life       when he must take a shower "
fail at going to get a haircut 
so i just got to the halfway point in my book  no biggie : d
"after an extremely successful day of writing       i'm about 60% done with the book, yus!!! x d"
back from a great hockey game by the mavericks!!! oh and i got on the jumboscreen playing an air guitar hahahaha x d
hates hates hates hates hates being sick  -sigh-
easiest test evaaar!!! second person to finish at 15 minutes into it x d
arizona tea       it's been too long my friend  : p
"even though it really, really sucks, there's no use worrying about things that can't be changed  sometime's bad things happen, but it's time to be a man and suck it up  thank you lord for setting me straight \i corinthians 16:13"
"much bigger emphasis on previous status -deep breath- lord, give me the strength to get through this "
"it's getting better, slowly but surely :  "
automatic doors make me feel like a jedi : d
"has been doing a lot of research, and i've decided i'm liberal now "
127 hours  great movie 
second day <propfirst> <propfirst> doesn't start  stuck at juco for the rest of the day 
forgot how quiet the library gets at 7 smile 0 in the morning 
