c273c73d7b735b0d2ceb29f69e6c1ed7
went to hospital today  in a lot of pain
proud of <propfirst> sanders for blowin up at mrs shaw! it was hilarious
more filming to do today  movie gonna b great
"got my mom to watch  \blair witch project\""  shes freaking out  will never get her into the woods now """
<propfemale> up for my road test! march 5!
i just won richy nix tickets mothafuckas!!!!!!!!!!!
passed my road test mofo's!
"when everything feels like the movies, and you bleed just to know your alive"
you just got to love those random school wide drug searches 
   bored     hows everyone else feeling?
went and saw splice last night  i still cant get the horrible images out of my head  dont see it unlesss u like being bored and grossed out
feeling sad and hurt 
"love is evil, spell it backwards i'll show ya"
"jsut got my mom back from the dentist, shes still tripping from the meds  lol"
"i just had the best day ever  went and shot som pool, did a little shopping  and watched some shit talking, chick beating, peice of white trash get the shit smacked out of him after he ran his fat mouth  ur my boy saveon!!!"
luv how ppl dont ever txt or message you back and never tell you why   
"love fake fucking people who never talk to you any more, and never at least tell you wat the reason is"
bored   bored   bored    so very very bored  
looken like a zombie from night of the livin dead and tommorow ill probably still be to high to get out of bed 
"whether your black white or purple if your misunderstood, and you dont give a fuck you aint doin shit that you should, as long as you know your up to evil and your no dam good get on the floo man and rep your hood"
"i cant wait for the concert today!!!! going to see chevelle, shinedown, sevendust, 10 years, and puddle of mudd "
"so watch my chest heave as this last breath leaves me, i am trying to be what your dieing to see!"
"the top 5 most awesome things ever(at the moment): 5) pitbulls, 4) sour cream and onion chips, 3) super <propfirst> bros wii, 2) scaring the crap out of people, 1) that video of <propfirst> bieber getting a water bottle to his face!!!!!!"
wazaam!!!!
"peta just  sent out their new to 5 most wanted today  on the very top of their list is super <propfirst>  for no other person has gone so far out of their way to burn, stomp on, and kill so many turtles the way he does  so far the death  tolls of turtles range in the millions    help stop the killing by donating at nintendohatesanimals com"
i have seen the final sign that the end of the world is upon us  brace yourselfs everyone; because they are going to be coming out with a movie                 about facebook!!!!!
happy b-day to me!
i just want to fall of the face of the earth
"what do you call a kid with no arms, no legs, and an eyepatch?"
how do you circumsize a hillbilly?
how do you piss off an archeologist??
whats the difference between a baby and a trampoline?
how do u stop a baby from crawling in circles??
after so long of searching  i finally found a job!!!!  white <propfemale> moving!!!!!!!!!
today at work was terrrible     my legs have never hurt more than right now  why do some people have to have so many heavy ass books
just got my concert tickets today!! excited as one could be!
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale>
i think that the most annoying thing that people can do is breath excessivly heavy while they are eating  i mean really??? is eating sandwich such a difficult activity that your breathing needs to be that loud?!?!?!
"if you could listen to 3 songs right now what would they be?? mine are: kitchenware and <propfemale> bars, by stone <propfemale> pilots \personal jesus, <propfemale> manson\paradise lost, hollywood undead"
"if a lion could speak, we could not understand him"
"cantt wait for the concert tmmrw  hollywood undad, avenged sevenfold and stone sour at the palace! boooya!"
"lst nites a7x concert was an incredible e playful erience  i was squished, caught in 2 diffrnt mosh pits, hit with a flying shoe, kicked in the head twice, punchd in the head and almst had a heat stroke witnessed 3 pple faint and others have to be escorted out for breaking the strict rules of the palace  all of this while listening to one of  the best concerts i had ever been to  wouldnt trade that night for the world "
phone wont turn on  guess no texting for a while
just got my new phone today  so what better day to get all of these concert photo's off of my phone 
"great night last night, cant wait to do it again"
