6642267e6f92e95cb5b911a787837848
phish in 3 days!!!
has fallen in love with blight
confusion!! ahhhhhhhh!!
synedoche new york   crazy movie!
needs  help finding a kitten?
where is my mind?
eoto!
needs a pretty lights ticket for tomorrow   please let me know if you can help!
need pretty lights tickets!!
i kick it complex
when we were young we thought life was a game but then somebody leaves you and your never the same
mississippi sucks!!!
"is this gonna be gonna be one of those   musical stories, yes"
put a smile on yo face like ultrabright!
the trick is to surrender to the phlow!
voodoo symphony in the m i n d 
i believe there's a time and place to let your mind drift and get out of this place
on a ticket frenzy
the most beautiful e playful erience we can have is the mysterious  it is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true <propmale> and true science  i am satisfied with the mystery of life's eternity and with a sense of the marvelous structure of existence  -<propfirst> einstein
remember to occasionally let the earth run through your fingers and to kiss the sky
"peeple of zee wurl, relax!"
"if you would only start to live one moment at a time you would, i think, be startled by the things that you would find"
ju ju what
hello world    
my name is <propfirst> and i love <propfirst> mcdaniel!
freedom confers responsibility
what we do for ourselves dies with us  what we do for others and the world remains and is immortal
anybody need a hulaween ticket? $90
got hulaween tickets for sale if anybody is interested $90
anyone need hulaween tickets? please   
"gotta go to work, gotta go to work, gotta have a job"
rabble rabble rabble
"hi everyone!!\i'm looking for a roommate  i have a nice 4 br house in <propmale>   rent would be 365 plus bills  please message me if your interested"
anyone have an extra smart phone i could buy??
"hi everyone!!\i'm looking for a roommate  i have a nice 4 br house in <propmale>   rent would be 365 plus bills  please message me if your interested"
"you gotta take your time in life the one your livin\look at the earth and the bless your givin\stop fightin over what religion \is the one you should rely on\there must be something different\if not then i'm just ignorant\or ignorin the facts, that stack back to back"
"i'd rather freestyle and bounce around the room like a bunch a heady dready kids, study herbal medicine, think of all the benifits"
can not sleep for literally the first time in my life    i feel for the people who e playful erience this regularly
"mmmmmmm    \http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vynmp8hoz00&feature=youtube_gdata_player"
"our individuality is all, all, that we have  there are those who barter it for security, those who repress it for what they believe is the betterment of the whole society, but blessed in the twinkle of the morning <propfemale> is the one who nurtures and rides it, in grace and love and wit, from peculiar station to peculiar station along lifes bittersweet route"
packed and soooo ready to go    atl baby!!
it's never too late to have a happy childhood  smile 
"one has not only an ability to perceive the world, but an ability to alter ones perception; more simply, one can change things by the manner in which one looks at them"
logic only gives a man what he needs  magic gives a man what he wants
society had a crime problem  it hired cops to attack crime  now society has a cop problem
it's gonna be fantastic
"all a person can do in this life is gather about him his integrity, his imagination, and his individuality - and with these ever with him, out front and in sharp focus, leap into the dance of e playful erience"
has the sweetest little basshead for a child   so blessed  love 
http annoyed  healinginnovationsnc com blog scenar vibrational-being-scenar-healing 
"i believe   there's a time   and a place   \to let your mind drift and get out of this place"
minds were made for blowing
phish and rage kinda day  smile  strange mix but that's what i'm feelin
"there are countless ways to live upon this tremendous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrial, urbanized, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one way\- <propmale> robbins"
http annoyed  kristof blogs nytimes com 2011 03 11 sympathy-for-japan-and-admiration 
"peeple of zee wurl, relax"
i love tacos more than bassnectar they just taste so crunchy!
