d69adafcbeee8f80040dfa2907c873a6
"i dream about, how its going to end, approaching me quickly, leaving a life of fear, i only want my mind to be clear, people, making fun of me, for no reason but jealousy, i fantasise about my death, ill kill myself from holding my breath help me, comfort"
its called a painless death    
omg im getting so freaking tired  of this crap its gotta end one way or another
jigga jigga <propfemale> <propfemale>    dont ask   haha   my new name is jimbawba
"time to do nothing but sit back and look, watch you reel in death like a worm on a hook, silently laugh at how stupid are,now you're the reaper's favorite <propfemale>!!"
omg omg    i dont know what to do aaaaahhhhaaaahhhh
omg im so confused   am i suppose to be?
i think he has a point   maybe i shouldnt be doing this    but how can i say no?
<propfirst> <propmale> is dead!
i love you    you love me    lallalalla
"just say transformers 2!!! oh my god!!! totally orgasmic movie loved it  loved the twins       \sorry i just had a breakdown back there\""  \""yeah cuz yous a pussy\"" ~ \""hey that hurt\"" \""its an ass whooping suppose to hurt\"" great movie"""
wooowooowoowoo    
i'm tired    
had a great night   first time in a long while
omg i get to see my family!!!! eekk!!!! thank you <propfemale>!!!!!
its sad when even you cant succeed in suicide
<propfemale> <propmale>!!!! omg!!!! you need to call me asap!!!!!!!!!!!! got some news your gonna love to hear!!!!!!!!! (i say this on here cuz i cant get ahold of you) p s  chrystia   u didnt have to be a bitch with my on myspace    
sweetness    so confused
i just dont know anymore  what do i do? im so confused and on the verge of who knows    
"zxaxn xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx[[p;[;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;xzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    vb3vwwkrutugtut              ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,         tht was a message from my boy's baby niece  her name is autumn  shes a yr and a half"
"'cause i really always knew that my little crime would be cold that's why i got a heater for your thighs and i know, i know that it's not your time but bye, bye and a word to the wise when the fire dies you think it's over but it's just begun but baby don't cry you had my heart, at least for the most part 'cause everybody's gotta die sometime, we fell apart let's make a new start 'cause everybody's gotta die sometime"
coulda been the champagne the champagne coulda been the cocaine the cocaine coulda been the way you looked at me that told me we were through it coulda been a bad day a bad day coulda been the real way the real way coulda been the way you looked at me that told me we were through
"had a pretty good night went to the theatres, seen a great movie    "
what happens when your so lost and you cant find your way back   
i have found out  its hard to say goodbye but it happens and its a very sad event  im not ready to say goodbye but i think that it will be coming sooner than i or you thinks  so i bow my head and pray and think    how do i say goodbye to all that i love 
life shall pass like the soft breeze on a summer shore    life shall give and she shall take   she hums delicately to those she births and those she takes like the tunes of soft played bagpipes on a scottish morn'
"the girl who seemed unbreakable, broke; the girl who seemed strong, crumble; the girl who always laughed, cried; the girl who never stopped trying, finally gave up  she dropped a fake smile as a tear ran down her cheek and she whispered to herself, \i can't do this anymore \"""""
when you reck on a wuad four wheeler it hurts  the first time wasnt bad but last night    damn i hurt    my left side hurts like but damn my left hip hurts like no other   eesh hurts to walk
ha! i say this to you all     i know the secret   and my death shall take it
well it is official within the next month and a half i will be back in va     woohoo    
its amazing when you finally come to terms with things in your life    but now the question is how do i find absolute contentment    to live
looks like ill be home round the 13 or so of october    
im glad my friends and family are happy im comin home   but what about me
what the hell is wrong with me??
"tell my mother, tell my father i've done the best i can to make them realise this is my life i hope they understand i'm not angry, i'm just saying    sometimes goodbye  is a second <propmale> please don't cry one tear for me i'm not afraid of what i have to say this is my one and only voice so listen close, it's only for today"
"god forgive the hands that laid you down they never knew how, but your broken heart can break the sound and change the season now the leaves are falling faster,  happily ever after you gave me hope through your endeavors and now you will live forever"
"thank you for reminding me of what i have seeked inside thank you for the venom, did you think it would paralyze these scars i scratch i tear all them under my skin where you've always been thank you for reminding me  the sin with a grinhey menstanding on a twisted 2x4built your house but forgotto lock the doori'm inside with two black eyesi have not one shred of sympathyi have no use for apologies"
"ok so this is how it goes     im aggravated, tired, annoyed, and sick of everything   why does this happen   why does it??? its like it stops then goes then stops then starts again   a tiring never ending cycle    ugh"
"the power of life wont suffice im tired of being oh so nice the anger and tears building up like water overflowing a glassy cup but i cant give up, ive come to far not enough time to count my scars so down on my knees the tears stream while inside my soul and heart scream (it popped in my head so i thought id post it)"
"i'm totally glad i dipped in your ink, bro!!"
october 30!! cant wait boondock saints two comes out!! -gets up and dances-
ok!!!! so lets see!!!! what do you think??
by the way you left without saying goodbye to me now that you're gone away all i can think about is you and me you and me it's sad to say that this pain is killing me inside but it's time to say that this pain is keeping me alive twisting and turning it rips through my heart it's been tearing me apart
"everyone will be washed away, drowning in the hell that we made, i can not believe that our end is so near, everyone will be washed away, drowning in the hell that we made, i can not believe that our end is so near standing at the end of our world breathing in, the chaos behold, none will be found its all toppling down cities will see none could believe wash away impurities wash away all that cudnt be"
needs to laugh and destress    
why do i left my life stress me to oblivion     -jumps off the earth-
-sings-   your just the one ive been looking for  -dance slowly with noone-
"i wish                     you would step back from that ledge my                     friend, you could cut ties with all the lies,                     that you've been living in, and if you do not                     want to see me again, i would understand,                     can you put the past away, i wish you would                     step back from that ledge my friend, i would                     understand "
being home    ugh   i hate ppl   even if i know you right now i hate you     well cept for like two <propfemale>ybe three and like my <propfemale> and bros and dad othern that i hate you     
"''get off the babysitter, daddy's home''"
ok  so i will be sitting at mcdonalds for like seven hours    i do believe that it is going to be a long day   
"should  <propfirst> \the duke\"" waynes movies really be remade?"""
"oh my gravy, little <propfemale> is kicking up a storm in my stomach    god knows when she is born she is going to be hyper    two months to go    look out world shes coming quick fast and in a hurry  all i can say is my poor bladder is going to be so happy when she leaves the womb "
hey hey everyone
face up - fetish     face down - hate crime ~tosh 0~
face up - fetish    face down - hate crime  ~tosh 0~
"well, i ain't seen green since i don't know when i'm gonna <propmale> the prez-o-dent don't make no money, don't make no sense i'm gonna <propmale> the prez-o-dent it's nothing symbolic, like burning the flag just put all your wallets into the bag you've <propmale>bed me for years and i want it all back and that    and that     and that and that and that and that"
"i'm on a mission and it involves some heavy touching, yeahyou've indicated your interest, i'm educated in sex, yesand now i want it badi love game, i love gamehold me and love mejust want touch you for a minutebaby three seconds is in it for my heart to quit itlet's have some fun, this beat is sicki wanna take a ride on your disco stickdon't think too much, just bust that thicki wanna take a ride on your disco stick"
"just hold on, im not that strong  theres a little piece of heaven  right here where you are  the fact that you keep trying  is what sets you apart   help me find the reason  and ill help you find the way  to get rid of all your pain  little by little, day by day  now, youre far away  and im alone to cry about it  its not a better place,  when you die and leave me here to say"
"some days you look around and say wtf has happened? on other days you look around and say hell ya, thats what i'm talking about! but, yeesh, here lately ive been looking around and sayin oh jezuz, help me now! for in just a <propfemale> something could go terribly wrong and there is no way i can stop it   oh jezuz "
you may call me bumpkus   that is my name henceforth   and we shall leave it at that   
"cause i feel like such an insomniac   (please take me away from here )  why do i tire of counting sheep'  (please take me away from here )  when i'm far too tired to fall asleep  to ten million fireflies   i'm weird, cause i hate goodbyes  i got <propfemale> eyes as they said farewell   but i'll know where several are  if my dreams get real bizarre  cause i saved a few,  and i keep them in a jar "
"well, lets just say it was eventful and wow    i felt very very outta place    "
ya know what?? hpnotiq has a bitter yet sweet taste    but hey hey its all good
"\its called a draw   a draw between you and me    let's see who can whip out that  44 the quickest\"""""
"i shall be telling this with a sigh  somewhere ages and ages hence:  two roads diverged in a wood, and i--  i took the one less traveled by,  and that has made all the difference"
"<propmale> jones 1810 to 1913 made his great grandchildren believe he could live to a 103 a hundred and three is forever when you’re just a little kid so, <propmale> jones lived forever gravedigger when you dig my grave could you make it shallow so that i can feel the rain gravedigger"
woot and the countdown begins til the 19   when the real fun begins    muahahaha
"feeling it, liking it, loving it, enjoying it    oh yeah one could say i loooove it"
bumpkus mmmm such a fun word to say bumpkus    
~* sometimes when im standing at the edge of my <propmale> i wonder if maybe i should just jump  maybe there will be an adventure once the aftermath of it all begins  maybe it wont be like this adventure   maybe it'll even be better    just so ya know  sometimes my <propmale> makes me wonder bout this    my <propmale> beckons me and maybe i should answser the call and beckoning  *~
   ~* sometimes when im standing at the edge of my <propmale> i wonder if maybe i should just jump  maybe there will be an adventure once the aftermath of it all begins  maybe it wont be like this adventure   maybe it'll even be better    just so ya know  sometimes my <propmale> makes me wonder bout this    my <propmale> beckons me and maybe i should answser the call and beckoning  *~
"and slowly the world turns    muahahaha     (i really don't understand why he thought that was so diabolical when the world turned before he \made\"" it happen)"""
"what's on my mind, you ask? well, my friend, you don't want to know what is on my mind    "
half of the world dogs then movie and says its terrible     but hell's bells and heaven's tolls    the boondocks saints movies are still one of the best came out    love em     
hey <propfemale>!!!! i like it in the backseat of my car 
knocking your phone into the pool table sucks!!! i wish the lady would get here to get it out     haha my phone keeps mooing cuz ppl are messaging me its funny   now the pool table goes mooooooo    haha
hey hey hanging with my cuz <propfemale> today  another girls day!!  smile 
sitting beside <propfemale> haha!!!! sorry <propfirst> i think she be mine!!!
hey hey  hanging with my attitude infested cuz today haha    loving it    gonna walk the trail we need exercise and pray it gets real hot so we can play  today should be decent   
ok me and my cuz are about to hit the trail   hopefully we wont e playful ire muhahaha  then afterwards if its warm and we dont get rained out   river watch out here we come   im so white ill scare the fishies away with my neon white legs hehe!!! yeeeaahh!!!!
omgravy! the river was cold but fun  we sweated like crazy walking  thank god for the shallowness of water   sitting in the currents lettin the waves beat us    loved it til the clouds rolled in    ugh   well had a relaxing day with the cuz    
its the most wonderful feelin n the world i realy dnt think i can find a better feelin n if i can its bcuz the same feelin as gotn stronger i feel so much happier only durin those last few precious hours of the day with not a care in the world its like my own little bubbly oasis  n not a thing can disturb it i wish evry1 cud feel the delight that i feel n yet i want to keep it all to myself! much luv n happy thots 
work work work   woot  love ya <propfemale>!
"\\""so i have decided that i am a very happy girl with a very happy guy  and once we get it cleaned up and livable we will be a happy girl and a happy guy living together!!!!!\""\"""""
riding along in my automobile my baby beside me at the wheel i stole a kiss at the turn of a mile my curiosity running wild crusin' and playin' the radio with no particular place to go!!!!! gotta love this song  love <propmale> <propfirst> 
sometimes i just dont know what to do 
"its hard and so unfair  the pain and the anger and the hurt it just builds up  idc anymore  i dont care what they think, what they say, what they feel  its my damn life and that is how i view it  so please stop advising me  if i dont ask, then you should keep ur mouth shut  i make the choices that i want to  and i will pay the consequences if need be  you dont "
"well, ya know what? not all of life is that bad i mean it if was    i wouldnt be engaged to a wonderful guy  but i am!!!!! so i wont complain to much    "
whats on my mind? too much stuff
oh my god    nausea sucks so bad    where are my crackers    
"is it possible theres gonna be a baby?!?!?!?!\*rubs tummy*"
going to the health dept 2mro to find out  kinda nervous kinda happy 
"well, its official i am pregnant and scared and excited  what do do? how to act? its scary    and plus the nausea and throwing up has hit me   omg its terrible  it sucks  anyone have any ideas on how to minimize the nausea  any tips will help me dearly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
bubba shot the jukebox last nite said it played a sad song it made him cry went to his truck and got a 45 well he shot the jukebox stopped it with one shot bubba shot the jukebox last nite well he could not tell right from wrong thru the tears in his eyes beyond a shadow of a doubt it was a justifiable homicide!!
i visited the doc yesterday  found out that i am about 6 weeks along  eek im so nervous and excited yall   so scared  omg im going to be a mom!!!
"ok  well so far, its going alright  but i tell ya one thing the nausea it whooping my ass     omg!!! im suppose to eat 5 - 6 meals per day    ummm     yea right i can barely keep down one meal  but i do know that since i am like 6 wks right now my baby is the size a piece of rice and its weighs less than an ounce    how can something that small and <propfemale> bring havoc to my tummy    oh my jezuz   the oddness    "
im getn freakn tired bout ppl dictatin my life hello its my life ya so wat tht im pregnt im freaking 20 yrs old get ovr it n ya so wht tht im gettn married get ovr tht 2 stop telln me how 2 live my life ill be the judge of tht n ill sufr the consquences of my own actions u wont it had nothn to do wth you so go bug sombody elses life be4 i say somethn yall will not like at all i can be a female dog <propfemale> im pushd to it!
my god   could it get any hotter   yeesh  but ya hanging with <propfemale> today  always good to see her again  but please let it rain let it rain let it rain!!!! i beg thee to let it rain    <propfemale> makes me crazy!!!!!!! right?? umm    sure    well ok i gez so   umm ok   
eatin m&ms with <propfemale>  gota love em  sneezin sux 
"give me a couple weeks and me and my sweetie will be living together  im excited and so happy  \~~i think <propfemale> has really gotten into herbs today    she researched it alot  gotta love curiousity     i do"
it sucks <propfemale> i seem to wake up evry hour  id rather have insomnia   ugh!
why am i always so tired and sleepy? its like my energy has been sucked away! it really bites    oh wat do i do?
it sucks when im ready 2 write something and then writers block takes over  oh the aggravation!!
gota give it up to fms  i bot a movie because i watchd it in mr  <propmale>s social studies class  the time machine  great classic! thanks mr  <propmale>  go memories!!
sometimes it seems like its gona be way 2 much 2 bare  wat to do?
when times are the darkest and im not sure which direction to go thats when my hope becomes the strongest and i pray 4 the wisdom 2 choose in which way to go!
"\sometimes to catch the wolf you need to tie the bait to the tree!!\"" love the movie! shooter with <propfirst> walberg  \""you dont understand they shot my dog!\"""""
it gets aggravatin no matter what time i go to bed i always wake up around two  so weird!
"moving into the new home today  yeesh, it can be a lil tiring esp with the wee one in my tummy makin me a lil sick! excited and happy!!!"
well what can one say  i get to see a bestie tomro  and i see my baby doc in two weeks to hear the heartbeat  quite excited  just wish my kittens werent hellions  but i love em
just another day  i think im finally starting to get over my sickness  yay me  haha that reminds me of london from suite life of <propmale> and <propfirst> or suite life on deck  haha!!!
<propfemale> if you read this he kidnaps her and then he dies  this book is sad!
people misunderestimate me     =<propfirst> w  bush=
its called getting confused and thinking  i do believe its time to write!
time to nut up or shut up!!!!    ~zombieland~
hey   going to go eat lunch with my <propfemale> at work! yay    love my mommy!!!!
throwing up acid has got to be one me the worst things about having a baby  its almost like throwing up fire  burns the throat!
what can i do? thats the question that boggles my mind 
got to <propfemale> with my girl <propfemale> today  totally awesome  met her friend <propfemale>  pretty sweet 
what i night  i think i wanna choke my kittens  they drive me nuts
me and <propfemale> were going out in doors
it was odd to find out <propmale> <propmale> was the narrorator of spirit  how many times have i seen this movie? how long have i had it? and i just realized that  yeesh!!
if it were meant to be it would be  but i dont think it was meant to be so i will make it be  wouldnt you agree?!
woot!!!! devils beat the trojans!!! sweet victory!!
well at least we dont have to worry naming the baby  woot the names have been picked  yay!!
there was a barber and his wife     
"\keep knocking on the devils door long enough and somebodys gonna answer you \"" love that quote and the movie!!"""
he hated his angel's face and thus he cultivated his devil's soul!!
oh my gawd <propfemale> have you seen the trailer for the new resident movie! text me girl!
garbage is fun    unless your on the losing end 
i think alot me people need to listen to the song stand up by <propfirst> stevens  what a great song  even tho hes a comedy singer he still sing songs that make u think
sometimes you have to fight for a little peace!!
why is it that i absolutely love zombie movies but they give me horrible nightmares and make me paranoid? i feel stupid  like zombies are real  yeesh 
faith without works is dead
300 was a great movie 
gettin over the sickness stage of being prego  yay me  i can actually eat   well as long as i stay away from newly paved asphalt and i think ketchup   and pizza hut   those are my top three enemies   but getting a lil excited  just wish the cramps would disappear 
drama exists evrywhr like i was sittin in the truck n heard this man hollr into his phone awe i lov you 4 times the talkr must hav made him mad  he just <propmale> up
saturday please get here! so my mind can be put at ease! please hurry saturday!!!
ill take off my halo if you take off your wings you dont have to be invincible because i sure ain't no saint   
i got the shakes that will make you quake i got the fries that will cross your eyes i got the burgers that will     well i just burgers  love that movie!!
maybe you will hear the words i start singing  ain't it funny how people start listening once your a goner 
praying for my grandma  she is in  baptist  i hope she turns out ok 
fried green tomatoes a movie that inspires and puts hope into ones heart and mind 
gods love stands when all else fails 
some people annoy the hell out of me    even dumb arse family    or so called family members
secondhand lions  what an awesome movie  definitely one of my top favorites!!!!
"going to the doc   hip hip hurray   no not really i dont like not being able to breathe  it kinda sucks  but hey the bright side   my soon to be hubby stayed home with me today to make sure i get in to see a doc    damn i gotta love him    lets just hope its not a cold and he gets it   that wouldnt be a very nice way of saying \thanks baby\""  (week 16 of being prego)"""
i really dont like doctors
i think pimp therefore i am pimp   katt <propmale>
i hate sometime friends  do always friends even exist anymore?? friends that are always there for you and dont ignore you    oh well 
what are you suppose to do when sleep evades you 
watching legion seems like a pretty good movie so far 
verdict on the movie  i definitely liked it  <propfirst> was awesome and <propfirst> was huge  so legion was pretty good  jeep grew into a sure and confident guy 
pray for my grandma she is once again back in the hospital 
q: what did the one casket say to the other casket??   a: that you coffin?
the weakest willed are easiest turned
what i way to say good morning world    finishing a book about ghosts revenge death love lost and fund and oh yea plenty of murder!! oh and a pirate ghost!
gawd im so hormonal  if people would stop making me cry i would be ok  shet  im tired of it
good morning facebook addicts  hope yall have a pleasant day  its about time to start preparing for the cold!!
good morning starshine  the earth says hello  what a way to wake up    pain in my back and stomach  oh my god it sucks 
ok so the deal is this    were moving again!! but to a cute little farmhouse  the previous renter destroyed this place and were (with lots of help) are cleaning it up  its very rough  i swear if i could i would kick the womans nasty thieving disgusting butt  but oh well    hopefully we will be moved in by november!!! and next wednesday i find out what the baby is yay!!!
i have a new dog named <propmale>!! hes huge and stout!
can someone tell me what coev
i meant could someone tell me what covet means  i dont have a dictionary 
man big dogs are something else  especially when theyre still pups  today was crappy  hope it gets better 
i cant decide if i am hot or cold  ugh    i wish my body would decide
"\and if you wont listen to reason theres always towanda\""     -fried green tomatoes-"""
oh my gracious i think my little girl kitten is actually a little boy kitten
today is the day i fine out what my baby is hopefully!!
looks like i am having  a girl 
now that i know that i am having a girl its like it all hit me like a brick wall   im nervous and excited and everything else    oh what to do   
spending the weekend with my dad and family in nc  today going to see my dads side of the family in west va  tomro starts week 20 aka month 6! three more months to go!!!
i miss my man  i love you <propfirst>
"had a great day today visiting with family i havent seen in like ages    but i cant wait til early in the morning and i see my baby again  gah, i miss keith   i love my gummi  i wuv him     "
nobody has ever died from a loaded gun 
can a heart still break when its stopped beating
got the super <propfirst> bros movie  loved it just like i did when i was younger!!
my grandma is back in the hospital
aint nothing to it but to do it!!
you have been weighed  you have been measured  and you have been found absolutely wanting  welcome to the new world!!  -a knight's tale-
19 weeks to go and <propfemale> <propfemale> may will be born    and by halloween ill be in my new home    
why cant people learn its best if you dont tell everything you  sometimes its best if you play ignorant 
"if a dog will not come to you after he has lookd you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience! -<propmale> <propmale>-"
"\basically my wife was immature  i'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats \""  -woody <propfirst>-"""
"blessed is he who sits on a <propfemale>, for he shall rise again "
"\you get alot of tension  you get alot of headaches  i do what it says on the aspirin bottle  take two and keep away from children \"" -<propfemale>-"""
yay  the moving is almost finishd  spent the first night in the new house  wasnt that scary but was cold 
"\thanks for nothing you useless reptile \"" -how to train your dragon-    loved the movie!!"""
wow the house i now moved in is a few months shy of being 200 years old  aint that crazy?! think of the history its been thru!
one thing about it i sure can fire up and keep a woodstove goin   my house is 100 degrees  whoo its toasty!
do u know what it feels like to sit in front of a fire and remember ur past loves while burning the memories away?
winter is gona suck down here in the b f e holler  thank the good lord above for wood heat  lets just pray this winter wont be as bad so i dont get stuck!
how do u face challenges unprepared?
you see little sister doesn't miss when she aimes her gun 
why cant i just disappear? its just too hard and too stressing sometimes 
resting in the b f e holler  little bit is kickin up a storm in my tummy  hyper lil'n  in my 7th month now
hey happy thanksgiving everyone  hope you all stuff your faces with good food  im going to of course the baby needs it!!  wink 
doc gave me all around good news today  obviously lil bit is going to be an active baby  oh yay  haha 
i wish people would stop gossiping about me  its so stupid  and aggravating  and a waste of time  its childish  grow up people  i mean really 
ew snow  my enemy has arrived  i hope it goes away 
its a chilly night  laying here with my <propfemale> stars watching my baby bro play the wii  bellys full and just relaxing  what a night 
everyone please say a prayer for my grandma  she is not doing well at all  things are not looking good 
wow  god really is putting up thru some ruff stuff  came home today and found that our pipes have busted and our bedroom has flooded  it can really depress sum1
well <propfirst> was right if i aint careful i could totally slip and fall on my porch  i feel like i could in skating on it its so slippery from the sleet  how i hat
freemasons    what an interesting secret society   with an interesting past
"\the logic of the heart is absurd \""  <propfemale> de lespinasse"""
"gawd, how much i hate christmas    all the stress and all the commercialism    does anyone even remember what were really suppose to e doing on christmas    prob not   everyone is worried about buying things for other people    really    this is a time to be with your family and friends and celebrate the meaning of god's gift to the world    love   and his son    yeesh icant wait til all this b s  is over    "
ppl rite now dont giv a fig about anythng other thn shopping 4 xmas  thr r othr imprtant thngs  my grndma is n kindrd hosptl ystrday we almost lost her cuz she wantd 2 giv up she cant breathe or eat now she on a ventlator i wont get 2 c her 4 xmas i dnt no if she evn gets 2 com home ths is rough n i hate it i wsh she cud b home 4 xmas she mite not evn get 2 com home i wnt her 2 get 2 meet her grt grndbaby!
waiting on <propfirst>  im actually bored 
no good news about my grandma  my hope is thinning  it was a rough christmas  i just dont know anymore  i really don't  i can't stand the thought of losing her 
something out there must really have it out for me  im sure of this  my life just keeps spiraling downwards  you would think i would eventually hit bottom 
were struggling so bad now i cant imagine what it will be like in a few short months  its so hard to stay positive when you cant even get off you knees and butt
i have a feeling 2011 is going to start out to be not so good
there's no better thing on this earth right now then a the love between a man and a woman  and its amazing 
look alive people look alive       mcdonald's seats hurt my butt!!
has anyone heard about the certain kind of birds that died and fell out of the sky? and the certain kind of fish that diesd too?
"please prat for my family  my grandmother most likely wont be making it  she has kidney failure and only 22 % of one lung working  they have taken her off all her meds and is going to let nature take its course  i love you <propfemale> may, my granny!!!"
its hard having to wait for the news that your dreading  i dont know what to do or if im strong enough to stand tall if the news is the worst 
god bless my family and friends and watch over all of them  and please help my grama from suffering  i love her so much 
"well, it seems that my grandma lived thru the night but she is still going downhill  thank god she is on morphine and isnt suffering so much  i just hope that her suffering will end soon  i dont want her in pain "
these past days have been crazy  had to go to the hospital spend the night there  saw my grams before that  that was a sad day  now i feel like a chicken with his head cut off  only a few weeks to go til <propfemale> is here  wow  by the way for people reading this    im having my baby shower saturday feb 19 from 1 to 3 in fries at the bingo hall beside fire dept  any and all is welcome  i would love to see friends
my dog got sprayed by a skunk and dang! he stinks bad! he definitely cant come in the house for a long while
roughly 6 weeks to go   and im counting down  omg its like starting to hit me   im going to be a mom     holy cow im scared 
"so i named one of keiths cows cowabunga then i realized \cow\""abunga and couldn't stop laughing at myself  yes i do believe i finally lost all my sanity n sense """
"\ahhh! curse you little toilet!!\""  i love that movie    despicable me """
how many times can a person catch the bug? this is ridiculous! i hate being sick 
"\we're like seven eleven    we may not always be doing business but we're always open \""  -boondock saints-"""
oh my gosh i am afraid to give birth to this child  if she is this hyper and such in my tummy imagine what she is going to be like out here  oh lord   im so excited  roughly 5 weeks to go!!! and roughly three weeks til my bday and the baby shower  woot! but i think she is trying to climb out of my right side 
so i was wanting to play my favorite card game   garbage  then i realized that my favorite opponent and i would probably never get to play again  i miss my grandma alot  i wish i could play one more game with her  she could be so cutthroat and i love her 
life couldn't get any more stressful for me  and if it could it would probably kill me 
my grandma passed away 
grandma's viewing tomorrow from 6 to 8 and funeral monday at 1 at vaughan guynn in galax 
"yesterday was a happy day and a sad day  my fiance <propfirst> celebrated his 22nd bday  but then i also lost my grama  god, i miss her so much  love you <propfemale> may "
"these next two days i do believe will involve alot of crying and sorrow and alot of remembering old memories  gah, im really dreading this "
well the viewing went ok  very sad  closed casket  i just feel so sad & its like i got a hole in my heart that wont be filled  2mro i will say my final goodbye 
the funeral went good  it was sad watchin them <propfemale> the casket out & then followin gma 2 her final resting place  i havent told gma my last bye yet  if i can 
2 weeks to baby shower and 4 weeks til lil <propfemale> comes
saw the new trailer for the pirates of the caribbean movie!! looks like its going to be so good 
whoo now i know what the fuss is over about contractions  damn they hurt 
ever since i tied my dog up he has lost sooo much weight even though i feed him large amounts twice a day  he looks like i starved him  i feel horrible 
just lost my grandma and now my sweetheart has lost his uncle  two funerals in two weeks  what a way to start a new year 
whoo getting excited  next week is going to be busy with my bday and the baby shower  roughly 3 weeks to go but it seems everyone is betting she will be early    who knows she might prove to be stubborn and come late haha   at least she will get the stubborness honestly  i hope she she doesnt come late  i love feeling her hiccup tho  on a side note r i p  <propfirst> <propmale> my sweethearts uncle 
i think i have finally decided that when i do have this baby i will be happy  <propfemale>ybe my butt will stop hurting all the time and <propfemale>ybe i wont get picked on anymore for walking like a penguin  like my <propfemale> likes to tell me i weeble and i wobble but i wont fall down    oh hahahaha
going to keiths uncle funeral today  i really hope this is the last one for a long time  i think we both need a break from them 
"i do believe that my new motto comes from the courtesy of my dearest wisest mother    god bless her    \you weeble and you wobble and you dont fall down\"" -<propfemale> buckley a k a my awesomest mommy """
about to watch red   i absolutely love that movie   john malkovich plays the character <propmale> to a tee  i love it   
so my birthday is going alright  waiting on <propfirst> to get offa work  three more hours to go on that  cant wait til tomro the day of the baby shower  should be fun and ill be seeing alot fo ppl i havent seen in a looong while if they show up 
alrighty   well facebook friends and foes  im off for now  gonna enjoy the rest ofmy bday with my boo <propfirst> and then later on with my mama too  love yall ~*hugs and kisses*~
woo   lil <propfemale> is due next week    if only she would come sooner  she has definitely run out of room in my stomach  when she moves i can see every movement  she is she is trying to come out  lil <propfemale> wants to meet the world  <propfirst> is getting very excited to meet his new baby girl  we cant wait to be new proud parents 
saw doc today  if i dialate to a 2 by monday they're going to put me in the hospital and get me going  so by end of next wk me and <propfirst> going be parents maybe 
oh my god!!! have you seen the has prices??? they are getting ridiculous! how are people suppose to make it?
doc put me on an antibiotic and cough meds  he says that he wants me better b4 i deliver  i agree  so as long as the cough goes away i should be in top shape 
the closer i am getting to my due date next week the more anxious me and <propfirst> are getting to see our baby girl 
"\treat me like a hotdog and ketchup \"" -<propfirst> griffin-"""
doc said i have to wait til thursday before he does anything 
why do i have to be the one plagued with zombie dreams so bad that i wake up nearly screaming?
"\i am half god once removed on my mothers side \"" ~kamunrah~   -night at the museum 2-"""
got put in the hospital  they gave me a pill to thin my cervix  2mro getting induced  yay  almost there
they are going to induce me this morning  probly in an hour or more i get my water broke
they broke my water so im starting to get to the end
getting sent down for c-section  wouldn't dilate passed 4 
"c-section went well  <propfemale> is healthy and just adorable  she weighed 7lb 6oz  20 5 inches long  born at 10:44 pm on march 4, 2011 "
just sitting here  finished feeding little <propfemale>  such a hungry little thing  wishing the pain would go away  but she is definitely worth it!
yay  staying with my <propfemale> til the staples are removed and i heal  cant wait til next wknd dad and family will be coming up to see the new member of the family 
just woke up layin with <propfemale> havin terrible nightmares & feeling really scared like somethin bad gonna happen i feel like i wana cry i hope its just hormones 
stayed with <propfemale> all week little <propfemale> had her check up today everything turned out good  getting staples taken out today  cant wait for that 
wow  little <propfemale> isn't even a full six days old and shes already on her period 
omg thank god for wic  8 cans of my babys formula cost 105 dollars  one can is almost 14 dollars
"having a baby is a wonderful thing i wudnt change it for the world  its just the emotional turmoil afterwards that is hard to handle, almost at times unbearable"
omg  i definitely have a new favorite movie  the <propfemale> and the frog  its an amazing movie  i love it 
"very random quote from my youngest brother <propmale>, \i love you <propfemale> because im cool like that\"" and he <propfirst> it to me   """
just got your package <propfemale>!!! thank you so much  i love the outfits especially never seen em like that before  the coin is going in safe keeping  thank you at
"lines may divide us, but hope will unite us!"
i am definitely watching the greatest movie ever made  i cant stop laughing my butt off!!!
has anyone read witch and wizard by <propfirst> patterson? if so is it any good?
taking my baby to the doc this morning poor yo<propfemale>g <propfemale> has a bellyache i think  then heading to the doc myself later 
well baby doc said that if she doesnt poop within a couple days to give her a <propfemale> bit of prune juice and stick something in her butt to stimulate her to poop
"\the happiest people dont always have the best of everything  they make the best of everything they have   \""scandal of the year\"" by <propfemale> drake"""
the swan <propfemale>  i forget how much i love this movie!
"\you're in puffin's army now  general puffin \"""""
dreams  i dont get em  same one over and over 
me and little <propfemale> is going to go face the walmart crush in a little bit while daddy is at work  eek wish us luck!!
how hard is it to find one book? just a simple book  really?! its not like i an looking for a freaking rare edition! good gosh!!
