eff2416d0ed7cb4a281761e8110f72c1
is having a hella good time  wink 
congrats to all you beautifull people!!!!!!!!!  love   love   love 
just finished rocking out on the last day of school
going out to conquer the big bad city   
is taking hindi classes starting mon!
thinks honesty boxes are pointless because nobody ever writes in them
can't beat the heat
wishes she owned a pool
exactly 24 hrs away from being 18!!!
turning the big 18!!!
"thanks evryone for all the amazing bday wishes, luv all you  guys  wink   love "
is watching the tear drops dance across the sidewalk
"needs a shower, dam the heat!!!!"
is feeling hot hot hot!    and thus taking a shower
facebook is spazzing out on me  laugh  and hasnt been hit by rain yet
"the sky must be hungry, itz tummy is rumbling  playful "
what's on my mind? facebook has been buggin out on me for the past 3 days  laugh 
"hangin with my homeslice and fellow taxicabber, could be a looong night  smile "
henna party tonight!!!
had an awesome nap
is leaving for <propfemale>
is recovering after 5 weeks in <propfemale>  laugh  <propfemale> ram <propfemale> ram  23 sexy men (and 16 girls) bj sparkes deep patel <propfemale> ramkissoon
doesn't understand why people use obviously cropped photos as their profile picture  laugh 
doesn't have a favorite pokemon like everyone else apparently has  laugh 
"has cookies on the mind, baking some tomorrow  laugh "
"refuses to comment about the snow, wait a second    laugh "
"can't get the dislike button to work, anybody have any better luck?"
"has gone on a complete baking binge, just finished making peanutbutterwhitechocolate cookies, fudge in the fridge and chocolate rasberry cookies on the counter   sugar cookies with peppermints to come on christmas day smile "
"thinks its about time the news stopped tracking <propfemale>, he doesn't exist, get over it!   happy holidays  smile "
you can't make sugar cookies without sugar  laugh 
if chocolate is brainfood i must be a genius by now  laugh 
likes to stay up late
is contemplating the mysteries of the uncertain future   
has trouble uploading photos  sad 
loves when <propfemale> ram is the first name under the chat list  love 
"just had a really yummy meal, veggie mock chiken soup and homemade buiscuits, feeling happy  smile "
spent all day painting the living room
more painting  annoyed 
"is getting things ready for saturday, the cool ppl know what i'm talkingt about  smile "
"got a notification last night at midnight that <propfirst> batres, <propfemale> <propfemale>, and aneury conch hernandez tagged me in a photo and a video, which promptly dissapeared today   conspiracy, or <propmale> facebook fail? you decide   "
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com mallika108"
"aaaaaahhh i just saw mr  yellin's fb profile, my eyes are burning!!!!!!!!"
"ok, so j d  salinger is dead, but seriously, how many of you ppl who said \r i p \"" actaully give a damb?  laugh """
"chilling with my homeslice <propfemale> ram, the awesomest girl i know  laugh "
"keeps getting phone calls from qc about school closings and openings  laugh , do they ever update their calling list?"
"thinks its ironic that mass fb friends valentines say \just for you\"""""
is playing around with her new oil pastels
thinks its cute that <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfirst> <propfirst>'s names are right next to each other on the chat list  wink 
"friday night, and there are 43 ppl online   we are all losers  laugh "
"is back to writing    just finished anout 1 3 - 1 2 of my short story so it won't be long until my superfans (<propfemale> <propfemale>, etc) have something new to read  wink "
"you make me wet    under the arms, you perve!"
"caution: road block ahead due to a fallen pencil, road will be clear in a day or so  sad "
just found out that g w  bush is writing a book on his 8 yrs in office   good luck to his editor!!
still believes in the fragmented illusion of youth that anything is possible and she is superwoman  laugh 
life never gave me lemons   it gave me a blank piece of paper 
is officially an auntie!!!!  laugh 
happy pi day everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!
wishes it was fall so she could go back in time instead of losing more of it  sad 
is finally reconnected to the world!!!  laugh 
happy april fools day to those of you who thought yesterday was my b-day  sorry if this is a little late  smile 
: annoyed igh:: why is my room always the hottest one in the house??
"can't even think of a good status anymore   god, life is dull sometimes -__-"
"just finished watching this really weird funny modern inaccurate animated version of the ramayana called sita sings the blues!   wouldn't recommend it, but u can check it out if you feel like it "
call me <propfemale> cuz i'm a night owl!
"had fun making yummy vegetarian wontons both sweet and savory!   oh, and happy earth day    er, recycle!"
wth   the bff quiz is spam do not use this application!! dont even click on it unless u want to have these annoying things on your friends walls!
yay bbq-ed veggies  laugh 
watching the facebook episode of south park   hilariouse!
likes to bake cookies with kamille rodriguez  laugh 
"has been on another baking binge   banana bread, chocolate chip cookies and cake with homemade choc frosting all in the same week, with banana cupcakes coming tomorrow, and don't worry bil, <propfirst> <propfirst>, i'll still send u some cookies, i havent forgotten  laugh "
"needs a ride from la to badger, anybody have room??"
"still need a ride from la to badger, dont think the bus will work  annoyed      so anybody have room? ideas???"
had my first ever driving lesson today   with a stick shift! (yea ii know im a late learner)
"had an awesome time at suki and <propfemale> <propfirst>'s wedding, you guys know how to throw a party! congrats again! we're all waiting on those ten sons  wink "
got into a car accident today (no i wasn't driving and nobody's hurt) guess thats what happens when your liscence plate start with the letters evl  laugh 
can't wait for badger can't wait for badger can't wait for badger  one week away  laugh  : laugh oes happy dance::  love 
is anyone going to badger on the 9th? or know of any way to get there on the 9th from lax?
badger badger badger!!!!!---see you in a week facebook  laugh 
is back in action!!!
is looking foward to summer!!!!!!!!!
thinks too many people are over obsessive about the soccer world cup and they need to get real lives  laugh 
just watched avatar for the first time   wish i had a 3d tv  laugh 
"   germany, <propfemale>   -_-     who the hell cares! make a post thats actually interesting   making banana bread for all the non world cup watcherz  laugh "
"no wonder ppl hate <propfemale>, we celebrate voilence   happy 4th i guess   "
anybody want to sponsor me to get an ac? lolz i wanna know   how are you guys beatin the heat?
"exactly one month from my b-day!!!! making plans so that it will be an awesome day @ coonyey island, everyone who can make it come!!!"
made sushi last night! best midnight snack ever  laugh 
"hmmm, maybe i can convince the gov to turn my house into a cooling center    laugh "
"yesterday was awesome    my first nyc twister, haven't laughed that hard in a long time, and had an awesome dream where gurudeva gave me a bear hug, hope it was a premonition!"
"new haircut, new friends, and birthday preparations"
"19th b-day success: coney island beach with my peeps, stepped on a jelly fish(but not stung), homemade cupcakes, card games, rides, and ralphs icies    thank you to everybody who traveled 3 hours on the subway, i love you guys! and i hope i soon get to see everyone who couldn't come\p s  my wall is in therapy now, <propmale> for all the birthday wishes!"
"last week: cupcake leftovers comatose, movies, life on the edge at <propmale>'s <propfemale> bar, chocolate overdose, pool and table tennis, park picnic, rollerblading, homemade split pea soup and cheddar bread   overall a good time  smile "
more chocolate + sony center + fao schwartz + central park + rowboats =  laugh !!!
peanut butter chocolate chip cookies taste yummy   but i ate them all so u can't have some  laugh 
our 5th heatwave? are you seriously trying to kill me god?  crying 
my house has no foooooddd  crying     whose house can i <propmale>?
"is getting this cooking thing down   tonight, sweet and sour walnuts n rice!"
bubble tea and mochi! thank you <propmale> hills -_-
"raiding kurma's cookbook to make a feast for radhastami  cauliflower pakoras, chutney, sabji, cuddy sauce, rice, and simply wonderfulls   randharani ki <propfirst>!"
nature is scary!!!!
"did a car e playful lode? oh wait, that was just thunder and lightning!!"
making chocolate dipped fruit   too bad <propfemale> <propfemale> won't want any  laugh 
my niece looooves sweet rice   first grain ceremony success!!!
"is actually cooking, its a miracle! making coconut curry veggies with coconut rice   woohoo coconut!"
walked around five hours and still didn't find any clothes = mall fail  sad 
"made muffins today, turned out pretty good, too bad i don't have any nutella to eat them with  laugh "
rollerblading all day   anyone willing to give me a foot massage?
"making yummy <propmale> n cheese monkey (aka <propfemale> <propfemale>) bread, something to warm up the house!"
chocolate milk!!!  laugh 
is so tired of all the adds on facebook  sad ]
"watching friday the 13th and getting fail prank calls   yeah, it's definitely halloween season!"
rollerblading   call the cell if you want to talk  wink 
friday the 13th marathon  surprise  !
the shining  laugh    need i say more?
need a windowsill to cool my apple pie  laugh 
rollin rollin rollin   
orange and black is back  smile 
"had a halloween feast; cockroaches, eyeballs, bat eye soup, and more!!    e playful ect pictures in a millennium or two  laugh "
"if all the worlds a stage, then i guess life is a comedy  laugh "
the only point of having winter is pretty snow   
happy diwali everybody!
sri giridhari annakut festival ki <propfirst>!
misses being squished and knuckled in the back by old indian ladies on parikrama!
made pumpkin butter spice muffins   none for you <propfemale> <propfemale>  playful 
"call me a kid, because i went to see-saw 3d today  smile "
learning how to live again
metaphors are my bread and butter  joyful 
"\follow the spiders   why couldn't it be follow the butterflies?\"""""
staring at a pond of reflections
thankful for stretchy pants  smile     happy thanksgiving everybody!
had fun today working off that thanksgiving food  smile 
is still cold despite the layers  sad 
been living life in fast forward lately   time to press the pause button
needs to be over the weather already  crying 
is trying to avoid the new fb layout
"? ? if i fell in love with you, would you promise to be true, and help me understand   ? ? ::remembering <propfirst> lenin::"
decorated two trees today   still avoiding new fb changes   numbers are taking over my news feed!
is giving in    guess this new fb profile isn't so bad after all  laugh 
"holiday shopping extravaganza + sushi = happy belly, angry feet  laugh "
"watched inception yesterday, undecided about the ending   what's the rest of the worlds opinion, did he make it out?!?!"
i like magic   but the person is suppose to come back out of the box after they disappear  annoyed 
"whoever is in nyc for the holidays, let me know if you want to <propfemale> out!!!!"
"epic update: went to the city with my lovely <propfemale> <propfemale>  on wed, 24 hr flu the next day, sugar cookie comatose on christmas, gingerbread houses on sunday, now stuck in the house watching movies od'ing on chocolate and sweets while all the snow melts from the great blizzard of mayhem, and laughing at all the weather ppl on the news who have to report in the snow"
my head is a beehive   too many emotions to feel
