5c98ed862b984b8705175ba910f08b25
don't forget to vote for sour <propfemale>!
"only one day left, don't forget to vote for sour <propfemale>!"
is it summer yet?
is engaged to <propfirst>! he proposed yesterday afternoon 
"what happened to spring? why was it snowing today? who's evil plan is this? whoever you are, you're going down "
am i the only one who doesn't watch hockey?
"is very excited for <propfirst>'s race tomorrow  everyone can watch it on ironman com  <propfirst> is wearing a bright yellow jersey, good luck finding him though "
"thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! so far it's a great day  <propfirst> finished his ironman in 14:24 surprise 9  it's not the time he wanted, but the bike was brutal  he's got 2 blisters about the size of silver dollars and 1 about the size of a pinto bean  other than that he feels pretty good  we come home tuesday  see everyone soon!"
home at last! what a wonderful trip! thanks again for all the birthday wishes  (bacon and huckleberry shakes are the best!!!)
"hey everybody, we're going to <propmale>'s landing at 1 if anyone wants to come  bring the kids "
"<propfemale> is so darn adorable  she knocked <propmale> down twice today on her \walk\"" """
just got hime the the creed concert at soaring eagle  it was the best time ever! thanks for taking me <propfemale>!
"is going to be in frankenstein at the pix theatre in september  i play <propfemale>, the housekeeper "
"if at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you "
"tip of the day: if you have a double garage, make sure your door is open before backing out "
hates hunting season 
"hey guys, there's gonna be a treasure hunt in lapeer on september 11th  anyone interested?"
"well, the cast is supposed to be off book tomorrow  here's to hoping   "
the set is coming together   props are mostly in place   i'm so excited 
"hey, does anyone have either a pencil skirt, or skinny black jeans that would fit me? i need them for a costume by saturday "
"okay, the treasure hunt was awesome, amazing, great fun!!! i signed up to help do next year if anyone is interrested"
"man, being in a play is so much fun! i can't believe i waited this long to try it  hope everyone can make it to our next show!"
"wow, now that was a party! didn't go to bed til like 4 or 5  never did get my drink back "
it is destroyed  finished      ended 
"i am signing up for a 5k and training at elite feet if anyone wants to join me  the cost is $35  that covers training, 2 shirts and race entry  training starts thursday "
seb-whatever cysts suck and so does having them removed  my head hurts 
i *heart* darvocet and my bed  run training begins at 8 smile 0 tomorrow  yippee   
does housework ever end? why doesn't dirt take a vacation?
"<propfirst> is leaving me alone again this weekend, so who wants to come up and party with me?"
"dude, it's not that far up here  i promise the drive won't kill anybody "
today was awesome! went to the tuscola pumpkin festival then played frisbee with the family  life doesn't get better 
staining in the basement before i take madi to the dentist  good times 
4411
going to the mall tomorrow with madi and her best friend and my friend  we're dressing up all super fancy (think prom night)  should be a blast!
"well, i won't have good tires until thursday and no heat for about a week  come on nice weather!!!!"
why   can't   i   sleep???
i love the fall!! this has been the best one in years  i'm enjoying the heck out of it!
had an awesome halloween weekend! today i started p90x and ran for 15 minutes straight  i'm so proud of myself! i've never run that long in my entire life 
ooowwww!!!! i hurt all over! i don't know if being sexy-skinny is worth all this pain  uuuggghhh!!!
i lost my engagemnet ring 1-27-10 downtown lapeer  if anyone happens to find a ring    
"we need food ideas for the lapeer county treasure hunt  if you have any, please go to the <propfemale> and comment  thanks "
"spring, spring, spring! it's finally here and i am so excited  that could have something to do with the fact that in two weeks i'll be getting married right now too   laugh "
"got my dress yesterday  it fits perfectly, and i am so freak'n excited!!!"
