d9b7eb8ac6def75cde2b32281ce88b15
"just learned some new poi moves:  backwards 2-beat weaves, backwards 3-beat weaves, alternating-time turns, backwards alternating-time turns, and the inevitable blending of moves--the fw and bw weave turns   in less than 30 minutes   mastery shall soon fo"
thinks that mosquito bites should not swell to the size of grapefruits   rode the benadryl train home last night 
"has learned the 5-beat weave, and was proud of himself--until he discovered he cannot do the reverse 5-beat weave     playful   the road to poi mastery is not narrow, but it is long "
"apparently started a water balloon fight with himself!  i swear, some of these apps are impossible to figure out   or maybe it's me    "
"sort of wants to go back to bed for a bit, but he already showered    "
must rescind his previous poi proclamation: i have learned the *4-beat* weave (not the 5-beat) and i also learned to count    playful 
"(after learning to count) took a suggestion from a friend, and learned to thread the needle with his poi   it was easier than he thought, but it is still pretty ugly "
noticed he has flip-flop tan lines on his feet and doesn't know when that happened   are feet tan lines sexy?
hasn't left work before midnight in over a week;  let's hear it for the career closer!
"is still trying to figure out how to post certain types of links, apparently "
is not feeling so good at 5am    
is baking fresh cornbread and oatmeal cookies for the trip to kc--at 3am    
"just got back from zenfest 2009 and brought back some extra sun and bug-bites   oh, and a new poi move or two!"
just got back from españa and i had forgotten how good their sangria is!
"just played typing of the dead for the first time in years, and it was awesome "
"tried to take the \political spectrum quiz\"" and gave up because the questions got so ridiculous """
"finally, finally succeeded at doing poi wraps   now, to repeat the maneuver, over     and over    and over   "
"is eating fresh-baked, home-made cornbread   hell, yes "
"succeeded, and the orbit is crude, but effective   now, i need two things:  better nylon rope, and a shitload of practice "
"also succeeded in making his reusable glow-stick poi, though not until after he sent a couple of keychain lights flying off into the stratosphere   weak electrical tape, ftl    troubled "
"just had his musical world e playful lode tonight, thanks to a certain person who is particularly good at that    "
feels wonderful   simply wonderful 
"is groggy this morning, but thinks it's going to be a good day!"
"thinks the sun is a fickle bitch   hopped in the pool for the first time since i moved in, and an hour later, it's storming up again   which normally i like, but couldn't it have waited until i had to go to work?"
"slept with his friend ben(adryl) last night, whom he hasn't seen in about 3 months   the problem with sleeping with friends is that it's sometimes a bit awkward in the morning, and boy do i need a glass of water "
"is hoping that after an amazing day, tonight at work won't be a letdown   "
watched a girl have pieces of metal put into her body an hour ago   wow 
just got really sweaty with his gf and is going to sleep like a baby tonight 
"business was meh tonight, but it was good for training   now, to sleep for 6 hours, get up and train some more!"
is uber excited for the <propfemale> party saturday night!
is going to melt in d-minus 16 hours and counting 
is elated 
"has become much more proficient with his poi wraps, but is finding some flaws in his technique   more practice is badly needed!"
"has an awesome time seeing j medicine hat last night, with much socializing and reacquainting himself with his old friend, sailor <propfirst> "
is looking forward to his date on friday   awesome gf ftw 
"had an awesome time at a wine-tasting last night   sadly, no hot-tubbing afterward (damn flu!) but still a fantastic night!"
cannot contain his excitement for his date tonight!!!
"is going to his first rave, ever!  let's see how silly he feels bringing out his toys    "
is soaring    
"just learned more about hula hoops, rave gear, and body-mod piercing jewelry than he ever thought he would!  fascinating    "
"thinks google calandar is pretty amazing   i might not forget half of my social life, now!"
"learned two new words at the hands of \4-chan & glory\"" tonight:  bro-varies and blow-verrated """
"just taught himself a new poi trick--one he created himself, called \concentric wraps\""   style emerges and the artist is born """
"had an awesome time at the botanical gardens and <propfemale> quicks last night   many amazing sights, smells, and tastes   thanks <propfirst>!"
just discovered it's fun to play with glowsticks in the (un-lit) raquetball court at his apartment complex   
is about to watch his first full episode of dancing with the stars   
finally got his internet turned back on   hooray for vacation checks!
"is e playful ecting his shipment of led glow poi toys to arrive tomorrow, including the high-intensity 5-minute burn glowsticks!"
went for a 2-mile bike ride last night and realized he needs a headlight if he intends to do that more often 
"started watching trueblood season 2 today, and it's getting juicy, juicy, juicy!"
"is feeling better today   too bad it didn't encourage productivity, but things are moving forward, albeit slowly   "
turned his phone on last night and got all warm and fuzzy inside   
"is wrestling with insomnia this week   again   strangely, the overnight crew at baker's is actually nicer than the day crew   "
is wasting time on okcupid    
"slept with a melatonin supplement, and slept like a baby!"
is sad that there was no dollhouse this week     sad 
"just learned the btb (behind-the-back) reverse 3-beat weave   interestingly, he cannot seem to do the forwards version     playful "
"is now scared, because today he wished he could just stop playing zynga games, and none of them are currently working   "
"just watched a video of a guy with one month of glowstringing practice do the famed orbital   he then found a vid that showed how these guys have been pulling off a move that's stumped him for 6 months, and can now officially do orbitals!"
"loves discovering that the moves he thought he came up with, are actually moves with names already:  he can do the shotgun (who can't?) and can *almost* do a waistwrap   keep on practicing   "
wonders when youtube started playing ads before after its videos   ?
"just learned to do a meltdown while practicing a forwards behind-the-back weave, in an attempt to learn waistwraps     *sigh*  my brain is becoming confoozled with all these new moves!"
just had his car towed and discovered that the windchill is like -10 degrees   ick 
life is good!
"so, i leave work last night to discover an icy mess on my car, but all the other employees are scraping each other's cars, too   best   co-workers   evar "
"discovered he makes a mean biscuits and gravy, and a decent teriyaki beef stir-fry   he's turning into a passable amateur chef "
cannot wait to see his lady   
"found out from <propfirst> at work yesterday that poi is part of a required cultural studies class for pacific islanders   how awesome would it have been to learn this when i was in high school?  though, i suppose i wouldn't have appreciated it as much   whatever the case, he's already spun fire, so i suddenly feel like a novice again    troubled "
is trying to change his profile pic and fb is having none of it   boo 
"after letting my frustration get the best of me at work tonight, someone suggested i have a glass of wine when i get home   best  idea  ever     thanks, <propfirst> "
"dinner:  a honey-mesquite rubbed pork loin, with a honeyed polenta and fresh <propfemale> peppers and green beans   top it off with some wine from the other night with my succulent girl     fuck yes   this is why god invented the mouth "
is watching new fire-spinning videos and getting the itch to try it out soon   spring (and a spare $100) get here soon!
"did his civic duty and dropped off his recycling   unfortunately, he foolishly got back onto i-680 and was reminded at 8am that omaha is a teeming metropolis of over 1 million people    playful "
"is sipping apricot green tea from the tea smith--and loving it   thanks, lover!"
heaves a big *sigh *  the conagra position he was e playful ecting to at least be interviewed for was just removed   the day-time job hunt begins anew 
is loving the sunlight and enjoying french toast for breakfast!
is testing out his new sunrise sunset lamp   works incredibly well; too bad insomnia is being such a fierce opponent   
"spent some time outside spinning today   <propmale>, but getting back up to where i was before winter   practicing anti-spin extensions (so i can make flowers!), stalls, an isolations   not very exciting, but it refines my technique "
can't find his poi (and a few other things) anywhere   he wonders if a box got left somewheres   
