7db25189d2970a05c2150a0492ff1226
this is what happens when you unleash of bed of knowledge onto someone they go nuts
in case you didnt know by now the all time greatest cartoon of            ever is coming back       futurama
spent day with charly girl at the park now shes plum tuckered out an passin out love this havin her around
startin work best friend got arrested for bullshit i love this country ( note the sarcasm ) governments are in the shit
in a world so wanting of good people an everybody living happy why do we bastardize ourselves an kill each other?
"might not be the prettiest or sexiest, may not have the perfect body or be absolutely beautiful  i may not be everyone's first choice either but, i'm me! i don't pretend to be someone or something i am not  i may not always be proud of some of the things i've done in the past, or will do, but i'm proud of who i am today!! copy this and post it to your profile if you live your life being you"
"uods?? o?? ??s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u???? s??d ????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??? ¡?????? s? os?? ?nq spu???? s? no? ?uno? o? p??? ??uo ?ou ?? ? ?uo?s???p sno??suo? ? ?o ??ns?? ? s? ?s?? pu???? ?? uo ??? no? ?o ?uo ???u?s ????? ???? uo??u???? ?u???d s? o?? ??s s,??l"
u can really tell its summer when the damn ice cream song is all you hear infront of ur apt for 20 minutes
"a person who derives sexual pleasure from secretly observing other people, especially when such people are engaged in some sexual activity; an obsessive observer of sensational or sordid subjects: voyuer, for anybody who cared what it meant cuz it seems no one does"
going to commit webcam suicide at 9 tonight please help by tuning in dropping out and listening up
is ready to walk outside with a flamethrower and mow down all these frigin retards outside honking first it was a livestock auction till three in the morning an now a barrel of rejects blaring their horns love this shit
i feel like poker tonite so why is everybody bitchin out like i do nothin better than hand them money
where are all the people who say they like to play poker then they no show  who the hell wants to play some cards tonite
i feel work etching nearer an nearer should i run an hide till my day off tomorrow or should i just man up an go??????            god ?       yes ?     what should i do?         stop talking to urself where everyone can see then stop being a pussy an go to work! asshole kids these days
"futurama just 35 more days until the one-hour season premiere of futurama! as our countdown continues, check out these storyboards from \attack of the killer app","\"" season 6's third episode  \"7db25189d2970a05c2150a0492ff1226,just thinking who knows what its like to die? if all this just ended tomorrow would you love yourself? would u feel remorse for ur fellow man? was that really love u were feeling or just a complicated mess of chemicals(emotions are endorphins an seretonin) floating in ur shell of a body? would u think that i did all i could to be free? was i the best mammal i couldve been?
right off to shower and ready for cards tonite see everyone soon
some c4 a lil fuse an a lighter
yeaaaaaaa time to go to place where barely anybody cares at how good u are an just by what u can do to make their <propfirst> seem good
a place where they try an hide their mistakes an trade them on another what a great show of how the higher rankings take their jobs in the us pass the <propmale> thats the word
why is it when u do ur shit they dont notice any of it and when something stupid happens its final warning where the fuck was the first one
u can abuse my skin for it is only a vessel you can bruise my heart for that is only temporary u can confuse my mind for it wonders to much but my soul that is mine an mine alone that which makes me myself
<propfirst> an miss i love the last couple times i did it its the bestfor the passwords this one was defray them the last was decided nastyness omg i friggin love it
half way throught the day and nothing bad yet hopefully my bad luck ran out on the last two days lets see
ineed to quit smokin but im goin for one
ich werde euch töten <propfemale> vergewaltigung ihre leiche 
alright anybody who recieved a virus from me am truely sorry all those who think i did it porpusely go screw like uve never had one          and testicles that is all
"industrial shock\heavy metal\metal\glam metal\death metal\goth metal\thrash\nu-metal\speed\the new wave of metal!?!?\and some satanic guys as well, why not?"
bu boktan bir lanet ülke biz yere yakmak gerekir! oldu?unu!
cén fáth a bhfuil daoine chomh dúr nuair a thagann sé <propfemale> ciall ndéanann gach duine a seasamh timpeall <propfemale> maide suas a n-asal a lámh amach ar mhaithe <propfemale> carthanacht agus ní <propfemale>id fucking amháin i n-inchinn?
ni jeuri ni yule mwenye uwezo na vibaya au anaweza <propfemale> jeuri ya kondoo kuwa kiongozi wa ahadi za uongo?                kufikiria kwamba obama
"??? ??????? ????????? ???????? ?? ?? ?? ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ??????, ???? ????? ????? ??? ????? ??? ??????? ?? ???????? ????? ??? dont ??? ?? ???? ???? ???????? ?? ??? ??????? ??? ?? ??? ???????????? ???????????"
"thinks today would be a good day to die alls well in my universe , the part i can control anyway , mostly everything i wanted to do is done , kids and get out of high school , who cares bout seein another country , livin it up a some luxurious home , havin a vehicle u dont have to worry bout , or just laxin out in the nice weather while <propfirst> an <propfemale> clean up "
but this is not my beautiful wife and these are not my wonderful kids this is not my house or my cars                 let the days go watch the water flowing under into the blue again
hello my name is <propfirst> pop an im a dumb white guy im not old or new but middle school fifth grade like <propmale> high
how is it you can hate a country an want to leave an that country hates you an wont let you im so non-american i feel it in my black arts heart
cant think of anything snappy so          is this thing on where did everybody go and why are all the lights so bright
if u want my body an u think im sexy come hunny let me know                                                      im dumb to ur tricks just tell me whats goin on
where have all he good girls gone who will the wrongs taken all that i can give an thrown the other way          we need destruction bust down the walls of incoherency to build them back again thats the sight i live to see        the break at the fall of everything less true to bite u at the seams
an on that note: we're owl exterminators!!!!!!!!!
just got back from fishin with <propfirst> caught two lil ones an <propfirst> caught        wahwahwah no fish for him
everybody can wrap it up im goin sit in the panic room call me when the world ends
"theres times where u feel like going to work an let me tell ya this is not one of them, oh south <propfemale> love the guy you voted in for senate friggin great , show people u really have no idea what is goin on in your own state"
"stop the boat i want off before it goes down like the titanic, \boat\"" is a metaphor for this crap we call the usa fuck the u nder s atanic a rbitraters"""
im just a loser baby so why dont you kill me
its not a crap mine its a crap farm this is how mom is getting all that dark matter by nibbloians!
open the glove box reach inside gonna wreck this f@ckers ride cause i got a                (finish me please)
to all the fancymen of cornwald this is a call to arms at precisely ten o'clock tonight futurama takes back the screen on comedy central thats ten o'clok est dont be late because if u are remember          we're owl exterminators!!!!!!  haha-hehe-haha
"i have plenty to say about the hate i have for the job i do and the bullshit tyrannical cuntry i live in (not a typo) but i will leave u all with wishes that by this time tomorrow i will have forgotten why i was mad tonight and regress to a more indirect demeanor , to the rest of u , u know who you are and if you dont its probly u , get off my back!!!!!!!!!"
"i love it im never hungry durin the day but when night falls an nothins open my stomach screams at me \ feed me u bastard or ill keep annoying you\"" what a prick"""
loves company heads who are so fake an think that they can do anything they want when they have not a leg to stand on now a days they are all just tools an only have that position because they kissed so much ass that all that comes out is putred regurgitated crap that people want them to say
was just thinkin why does it always have to be some mystical floating guy sittin in the sky on a cloud makin my decisions for me or even if he has my life planned out on a restaurant napkin then why do i always take the guff of these ridiculous assholes an why cant i stop this sadistical bastard
here comes the man in the sky tellin me to go have a cigarette one thing we can both agree on fina-&#$-ly
life is only lived when u truely accept the horrors an treasures u recieve but cannot take with u to the otherside be it what u make of it
where would this world be without sex its calms u down relieves your stress lets u take out ur aggression u really have no need to be depressed unless like <propmale> carrey said uve 'had better' but even then its not all that bad in closin           i love sex                testicles that is all
"i am the republic of myself , livin to make better what effects me , but what really effects my presence , a hard question to ask when posed against for the answer is everyone is everybody an the enviroment in which we call home so keep your 'home' clean an i shall do my self"
"asks, why does a woman have two sets of lips? one to argue with the other to apologize "
its about time to make that change well time to say goodbye to friendlys an the corporate way of thinkin an doing stupid shit that people think they need to do time to think for yourself so thats what im goin to do come the first of the year
yeah back online after so much time now for the governmental bashing to begin
tell me why i have to speak portuguese to work at a fuckin laundromat? everybody knows how to wash their clothes u go to a different country they e playful ect u to speak their language so why not here oh yea thats right  were not even our own country were still owned by private corps that arent even us bred companies so excuse for being pissed now all my friends  know how i am so a fuckin laundromat pls
left to the caliber of your own device what can one really do but think about the death of oneself when all that is to protect you shrouds you in overgrowth of putrid lies fallen from the supervisors
has anyone ever seen the movie bride wars well there is a scene in it where they say that u dont alter a <propfemale> wang dress to fit u u alter urself to fit <propfemale>
let's see who is paying attention  most of you are on my friends list as a result of a needing neighbors for games  i choose to have you here  i am glad to count you as good neighbors  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does cherish  good    neighbors
minutes up haha
yea the gas is out theres a smell of gas in the house an the gas comp decides to come now yippie no sleep or smoke tonite wtf
i feel like swimming whose down
theres just somethin ridiculous about people when they throw their hands up an e playful ect that there is actually someone with marionette strings guiding u thru good times and bad look up is there ? no
"in honor of ms awareness week, march 7th-13th, 2011, i am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has multiple sclerosis (ms)  i know my friends will  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just for one hour  do it in the memory and the honor of those fighting ms "
soon to be home alone as always it is in my life left to my own devices no one to care bout it so we just be thats right myself an the minions in my head will dance the dance of death yippi
anyone feel like chillen im dying where i am
"i cant wait , nay , i long for the reunion of my spirit back to the rock an tree so to be rid of the sanity of insane refuse that ive been taught molded an prescribed to while i venture here in the wilderness of man just to feel the universal touch of the other elements that combine to make the one strand of knowledge rather than post rate myself to these corruptions,"
"heres somethin to think about we are living in nazi america\propaganda flies all over the place that muslims are bad people that they all want to blow us up an off the map but wouldnt the tripe that the christian society has been doing for now thousands of years, slaughtering hundreds of thousands of people, be considered the same if not worse"
bjudigiasghdjisa sioh an that is all
i am the avatar an u know what ur all gonna die hehehaha
oh an for the stoners out there u do know 4 20 is hitlers berfday so yea i guess on with        the        fourth?        reich       seein how u celebrate the day of a tyranistical war monger yea
