c5844059742b2378400584228d00478e
has a day and a half left of vacation! and is going to enjoy every second of it!
is up early! needs to train his body for school!
where's <propfemale> when i need her?
"lol, im just a lame lonely drunk! hahaha"
just had the best weekend all summer! and now i am tired but not sleepy
feels sad that he has to move again
"is finally done packing, cleaning, and organizing! and now must wait to move in!"
is on his last day of summer!  sad 
has class tomorrow    the long wait is finally over  i am officially a uc <propmale> student  im scared       
feels really irresponsible   but thinks its worth it!
stayed up late studying tonight instead of drinking! yay!
has nothing to do but homework tonight  thursdays suck
wow  i got done surprisingly early tonight!
just woke up from a long nap
watched capitalism: a love story and thought it was awesome!
someone stole my bike!!!! i loved that bike  when i catch up to them they will be sorry    
im so tired of studying! but i can't stop now  a midterm is just around the corner!
aahh! <propmale> sucks at time management!
"tired, but too pissed off to go to sleep"
ready for some hard core studying!
is loving linear algebra tonight!
is going crazy with math!!!!!
finally finished all my math homework! good god!
ok  time to really understand what linear algebra is all about
spent all day trying to understand linear algebra and failed!
how? why! linear algebra is so illusive! why can't i see what's really going on? bah!
ahhh! <propfirst> canonical form can drop dead!
thinks he took stupid pills today       why does my hw not make sense! ahh@!
is happy because he got a bunch of new books from the library   smile 
shh no one tell bobby      im eating his pizza      wink 
has decided to admit defeat  i just will never understand the full complexity of the universe      sad 
gunna go play some games     yay   
the interested reader will find a derivation of these equations in section 13 2
ok  gunna go sleep now  following <propfirst>'s advice     
facebook is not working!
is done with thanks giving festivities and is ready to get back to work!
needs some speed for i-chem!
was very prodcutive today!  smile 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh! caffiene            
gotta keep going       
now for another dose of linear algebra study!
"one down, two left to go!"
one more final!
im done! one quarter down! 8 more to go        
the great o-chem circle of life!
omg jelly beans everywhere!
is tired and emotionally empty      
break can now officially start!
the count of <propmale> cristo      amazing
is hella tired and going to take another nap!  smile 
loves his classes! this is going to be an awesome quarter!
ahhh!!!! so much to do already!!!! why did i ever complain about being bored over break?
does anyone want to do anything tonight? i am tired of studying   
another day done   much to study   much sleep to catch up on   
taking a deap breath and readying myself to deal with the great metaphysical unknowns    
just realized how much he loves coca cola
danced for the first time in years and is happy he hasn't lost all of his skillz   
is feeling amazing! had such a great day! yessss!
"woke up from a short nap, had some coffee, and is now ready to study!!!!"
has only more chapter to go! then he is ready to tackle the deep mysteries of life with new insights! yess!
feels like this 3 day weekend lasted a whole week! time to get back to school   !
definitely 'bus'ing today      stupid rain
feels satisfied with life    
needs to start pacing himself     or else the quarter will catch up to him!!
wow  almost done with philosophy paper     yes!
"wow, finished philosophy just in time to now get my math homework done and then after that chemistry and then after that midterm on monday    stupid quarter system     "
ok its time to kick some partial differential @$$!
wow    how the mighty have fallen        partial differential equations has become my worst enemy and it takes no prisoners    i am down to my last few breaths of life
depression and drinking leads to one crazy night! lol
wow    january is over! finally!
tired as $#@! going to bed early and waking up even earlier tonight!
got sick! damn! gotta survive till the weekend    
wishes he wasn't sick as a dog! ughhh!
feels better!
"atoms, metaphors, and paradoxes     "
just realized that its a 3 day weekend! yes!  smile 
realizes what a fine <propmale> writing can be!
not a teen anymore!
gots two write a philosophy paper about my philosophy paper!
tired    and its only the 1st day back       sad 
has realized that his brain just plain works better when its nice outside!
gotta finish this philosophy paper!
omg how is it tuesday already? it seems like monday didn't even happen
is done with his last midterm this quarter    
why do laundry days somehow always go bad?
another good <propfemale> day!  smile 
spaghetti squash is delicious!
oh man! grad students can party! wow!
learning applied math goes something like this: 1  apply math to phenomena you have never studied before and not to mention understood 2  take a class in order to understand phenomena in order to understand the math 3  once in this new class notice that the teacher assumes you know all the math  4  cry 5  want to shoot all teachers in the face
realizes that the reason why he has been having a hard time finding answers was because he was asking all the wrong questions     and now the world looks so differrent 
is no longer the ligand prep boy! hopefully the new project works out!
so im going to bed     damn philosophy paper      
finals week has finally made me tired of the final study for my final tomorrow
"wow, glad pde is done forever!"
blew my chemistry out of the way    now i have to tackle linear thinking and circular logic (linear algebra and metaphysics) hahaha
finally done! longest quarter ever! now im too tired to even party      ugh!
"wow, good food    good company  spring break has been good so far!"
ugh!!!! i fail     
alcohol!? this smells just like hill people milk    i have been drinking this since i was a baby! hahahahahahaha
"i don't see the problem with schrodinger's cat  it either lives or dies  open the box and find out     ooops, then you have made a measurement, yeah dumbass and then you also get to know whether it lives or not! jeez!"
eisntein use to be my hero  but not today  not anymore      
its good to see family  smile 
doesn't want spring break to end  sad 
has laundry to do     
had an exhausting day! tired  and ready for school tomorrow   smile 
i always new that time and space were relative to motion! stupid <propmale> confused me  this is why i had such a hard time in 4a!
"teacher: \why were you late?\"" student: \""i was studying special relativity and lost track of the time \"""""
nap time      smile 
wants to go to sleeeeeep! lol
is making his research proposal today!
picnic day tomorrow! i have no idea what to e playful ect!
finally got rid of his hangover! it's study time!
wants to go swimming!
feels not well    ughh to much stuff going on! justs wants the quarter to end all ready!
one more day until the weekend!
survived the week! and now is going to have some fun with roomates  smile 
listening to awesome music!
tired and grumpy    going to bed     but had a fun night!  smile 
had the best swim ever! pool water was perfect temp and now i feel relaxed and happy!
doesn't feel like starting another week of school! what happened to the weekend?
ok  time to start again! a new outlook for a new week!
had the best swim ever! this can definitely become a trend  smile 
hasn't swam in so long he forgot what an im was!  surprise 
spring is time for swimming and violins!
panthers go ror!
"gunna have nightmares tonight     i already know it! hopefully i won't have to sleep alone, hahaha"
got to play pool! had fun  smile 
hoping for a good week  smile 
wow! long ass day! almost finished my chem project  smile   one more day!
"wow, time for bed! before more crazy comes forth from the depths of hell!"
time to switch gears! no lab for a couple weeks until midterms!
just woke up from a long nap    doesn't really know what to do   laundry? maybe?
chem time!
math is draining all my energy!  sad 
bedtime for bonzos!
has a soar throat! why always on midterm week!!!!!  sad 
really tired! and feeling sicker today  midterms=not enough sleep=sickness   sad 
one more day until i have 3 midterms back to back! and then i have 4 more weeks of school until finals! yay        sad 
3 4 of my midterms are done! wow! time to take nap  smile 
is very happy and ready to start studying again!
one more midterm!
finally done with midterms!
feels like he is lacking some inspiration     
is off to lab!
"ughhh, i wish there was a calculus that was less \limmited\""      oh wait  there is! so why  am i studying this?"""
must     force myself      to do  math  hw 
uc <propmale> refuses to higher me  they are missing out on a good tutor 
"ughh, feels like there is so much to do  doesn't want to do it  feels like waiting for something special, but is probably waiting for nothing     lol"
"physics physics \physics physics, chem chem chem chem, math math math math, bio bio bio \bio bio, oohhh look something shiny!!!"
long day! gunna get everything done! i know i can!
officially one week left of school for me!
last real analysis class forever! yes!
if anyone has tried to call me or text me i apologize for not replying  i am switching to t-mobile because it is much cheaper than att and i will not have a phone until friday 
is going to bed after a long but awesomely productive day!  smile 
i miss my sister and think she and leaf boy should visit me next weekend!
has a new phone and is now reconnected again to the world!
two finals down! 2 more to go!
doesn't want to or even know how to study for his math final! why should i prove it if i can just invent an axiom to make it work?
wants to be done  with school  forever  done 
one  more  day 
"competitive, non-competitive, and uncompetitive  if you were an enzyme inhibitor which would you be?"
doooooooooonnne! first day of summer = naptime!
is going to have a great day!
gunna do some science today!
"hates banks, telephone companies, school registrars and financial serivce operations, and all automated systems  waste my time and i still don't get what i need "
packing some stuff before i go home for the next few days!
yes!!!!! got an 8 gig memory card upgrade for all my troubles! life is fair 
is tired!
is going to be prove that irrational <propfirst> can be counted
good night world     today ended up being a good day afterall!
"doing some science, doing some thinking, doing some tutoring, doing some swimming "
is going to hunt down some fireworks
thinks <propfirst> cain is awesome in all the movies i have seen
just got back home from lab! 11 hours is a new record!
is off to day 3 of dipp* synthesis!
dipp* synthesis complete! with record yields and beautiful crystals!
is working on his clutch timing!
hates moving
is no longer a homeless bum!
can't wait to start life in my new place!
needs coffeeeeeeee!
home made coffee is always the best    
some people are just incorrigible
is slowly getting sick  sad 
gunna take a 50 miute organic synthesis practice exam! no one bother me!
rain makes it easy to sleep but hard to wake up
made the best cream of tuna ever!  smile  yumm
"\everything fox says is a lie  even true things once said on fox is a lie \"""""
is tired of almost blowing up the lab     
time for some synthesis!
dreaming of synthesis tonight!
done! with! everything! finally!
had a good <propfemale> trek e playful erience!
 laugh 
loves not having school! i can do what i want!
holidays's have been great so far! now its time to get back to work!
power just came back! now christmas can actually begin!
14 year olds can be manipulative bastards!
gunna do some readying at <propmale>'s
something about existential phenomenology makes you so at home with yourself and the world around you
"my phone is acting up! so i can't call anyone nor send or receive texts  i can however, answer calls  so call and i will answer!"
