6c63607b9c2306a0a2ffb752db31eaa8
"i'm always up at like, 4 in the morning  idk exactly what time that would be where you are   playful  but, i stayed up all night to get to school at 8 this morning to fix my schedule  needless to say, i feel like crap  anddd why are you getting sick? d:"
that was the worst playcalling i've ever seen in a football game 
"does avatar look really stupid to anyone else, or is it just me?"
my computer really sucks tonight 
one more daaaay 
so aol now crashes my firefox everytime i try to read something  i'm gonna miss those idiotic news stories   sad 
do people in brazil actually have lawn furniture on their roofs?
"geeze, this is the latest i've slept all year "
"give me prayers without the words, a cross without the nails "
i forgot to log out of myspace and facebook for 24 hours  i'm surprised the computer didn't melt 
boys 
you're gonna love dez nukes 
i bet no other president will ever cause as many facebook arguments as obama 
the meth ads on myspace are really creepy 
"hi, i'm a pc, and crashfest 7 was *my* idea "
grape jelly beans suck 
"so half those photos turned out sideways! good job, facebook "
sleep? completely unnecessary 
"shut up, i know what i'm doing  i read a book "
anybody know how to get open office powerpoints to open in microsoft powerpoint?
cyanogen!
scribble 
i'm not here right now
116 6 degrees  new record for my battery 
"now open your empty hand, here comes the fun, here comes the end "
<propfirst> bonham's gonna play moby <propmale> for real 
mountain dew distortion tastes like soap 
eggshells 
i know i won't change any minds as long as they're still changing mine 
how does <propfirst> cera keep getting movies?
never take <propfemale> from a substitute with a 'stache 
spanish blackjack!
"if you can't make a difference, make a point "
boot looooooooop 
no me gusta espanol 
<propmale> <propfirst> is gay 
froyo!  laugh 
it takes jesus 4 5 seconds to get to earth 
"it never fails how the idiots prevail, or at least outnumber us "
i'm just the dude playing the dude who thinks he's another dude 
don't stare at the wall 
this song sucks!
has new headphones and a headache 
but where do the batteries go?
let the sun do damage like they said it would if given <propmale> 
what's in your head is on your hands 
fujiiiii 
no fuji   sad 
"screw youuuuu, motorola "
"i don't believe that,  she said,  you're out of your mind "
where did disclaimer go?  sad 
"sometimes it's better to push something when it's slipping, than to risk being dragged down "
"1  french\2  multimedia design\3  ap lit\4  government   economics\5  ap cal\6  anatomy\7  forensic science"
so i should not be awake right now 
that's his thing! he grapes people!
 smile 
"dear school, \i heard you and my sleep schedule were going to get in a fight soon  please be nice "
why does windows 7 advertise things computers have been doing for years?
anybody know where the task manager is on a <propmale>?
"google, you're the smartest person ever "
"nobody wants to be here, and nobody wants to leave "
puppy = annoying
because mcdonald's is better than the lunchroom 
"oh, <propmale> <propfemale>, you tricky bastard "
fridaaaay!
tweet deck = too many updates   sad 
i don't like calculus  i don't like bingo  putting them together doesn't help anything 
today was almost completely pointless 
"last fm, i liked you better when you worked "
"damn it, i'm about to go wendigo on your asses!"
so who has bruner third period?
<propfirst> mcdonald is such a pedo 
i hate laptops 
i love having my phone reboot twice in fifteen minutes!
coach dawkins on lie to me!
we hold our silence like a gun 
this battery issue is not cool 
i would really like a pinata filled with jello for my birthday  shaped like a moose 
sydnee is amazing  smile   haha
"thanks for all the birthday wishes today  aside from the terrible game, it's been a good day   wink "
the facebook error <propfemale> is one of my most visited sites  o o
pokedex app!!
google knows more about you than your own mother 
t-mobile iphone?  surprise 
"in my facebook settings, it's not supposed to send me notifications to my phone when i'm on facebook on the computer  but it does it anyway "
i really want a tv with twitter in it 
<propfemale> really doesn't look very good 
 laugh a sucks latelyyyy  d:
i'm tired of sitting here 
"crash bandicoot on my droid?\awesome "
i have spent my weekend on nintendo and football  i'm awesome 
i hate overtime 
"let's be honest, i watched you walk away "
"myspace used to try so hard, too "
just added bajillion to my phone's dictionary  i feel like a winner 
you did nothing wrong  you did nothing at all 
sydnee is amazing  smile 
worst game everrr 
<propfirst> sucks 
silent hill makes me scream like a little girl 
house!
calculus and a headache is not a good combination 
why does the eris have a better trackball than the incredible?
i want a donut 
why would you not punt on 4th and 7 in the first quarter  ?
"e playful erts say if you eat a pie a day, you will have a 5% increase of yummy "
this game is gonna be slowww 
it feels really good outside 
mello yello: because you like feeling as if you just got kicked in the teeth 
i'm not failing calculus!  laugh 
what the hell happened to the facebook chat?
rammer jammer?
10 10 10 
i still hate overtime 
but i love defensive pass interference!
it's colombus day!
toucan <propfirst> is a grave robber 
i should probably be sleepy right now 
i wish i could do a barrel roll 
angry birdsssss 
"six hours off the charger and my phone is dead  sadly, this is the best it's been all week   sad "
auburn is thuh best 
"way to go, <propfirst>  let's see how many penalties you can get in five minutes "
"if liars tell lies, who tells the truth?"
i hate it when facebook works right 
"my shoes become hammers, and my words become sand "
over 9000 inches 
it's too damn early to be awake on saturday 
does everybody just hate oregon?
i like how the fair distracts everyone from posting stuff about football 
i don't like big xbox live updates when i want to play fallout 
i actually woke up on time this morning 
they finally fixed the crappy facebook app!
i think i watch too many ghost shows 
fallout bugged out  i can't finish it now  wtf 
the droid x on the tv commercials doesn't have motoblur  isn't that false advertising?
it's way too cold outside 
chizik's got balls 
facebook email is going to stuuuupid 
"if a particle moves left for three seconds, then moves right with an increasing velocity for four seconds, we can conclude that no one will ever use this "
i miss having a phone that charges properly  d:
sitting in winn-dixie's parking lot  in my pajamas  eating a frostie from <propfemale>'s  win 
commercials suuuuuuuck 
auburn just has a phenomenal defense this year 
my days are so screwed up 
critical hit + super effective = owned 
mcflurrrrrrry 
neeeeew vegas 
does anyone on verizon ever have problems with the time stamps on your incoming text messages?
south <propfemale>  fail 
dumbest challenge ever 
coloring a pelvis  seeeexy 
it's so hard to hit the period on this new keyboard 
facebook keeps telling me to download the app for every phone i don't have 
milky way bars make awesome breakfasts 
i  love  <propfemale> claybrook like a fat kid  love 's cake 
who screwed up the android market on their phone? this kid  oh yeah 
"you suck, sanchez "
"android trended higher than <propfirst> bieber in 2010\\http annoyed  feedproxy google com ~r androidguyscom ~3 628qfejzqou \\ha!"
"come doused in mud, soaked in bleach "
facebook chat on the android app  about damn time 
just made half of a cereal commercial  pure awesome 
cash cab has asked several questions about chemistry today  mr  pierce would be giggling like a school girl 
guitar hero is fairly difficult without the blue button 
emulating an emulator to run an emulator  all for oregon trail 
"first match in forever in modern warfare, and i get rust  fuuuuuuu"
new computer!  laugh 
i've been waking up way too early 
i'll never be able to make myself like laptop mouse pads 
windows can suck a nut 
ubuntuuuuuuuuu 
"happy hannukah, jesus "
doing summit for the third time in a row  wtf 
this map sucks 
i'm a classy hobo 
the mcrib is not back 
this laptop has made me lazy 
so the mystery box sucks today   laugh 
arkansas  damn  really?
tumblr?
wow  thunder just woke me up 
time to do something productive!   or get on stumbleupon for the next three hours 
i have a c in calculus for the semester! lol omg wtf rofl bbq
"got a machine head, better than the rest "
"if a tree falls on a woman and there's no one around to hear it, why was there a tree in the kitchen?"
"verizon iphone, oh em gee "
seattle is awful  why is this a close game?
e playful erts agree that narwhals are awesome and that unicorns no longer exist because the narwhals defeated them in an epic battle 
is anybody using firefox 4 betas? do they suck?  surprise 
i've been wrong about football 75% of this weekend 
one torrent open  remaining time? infinity  awesome 
i really need to stop watching #<propmale> and go to sleep 
"i think we've had enough interceptions for the entire first half  thanks, guys  we're good "
"i hate to ruin the football, but, guys, there's going to be an angry birds board game  get your priorities straight "
i'm not a virgo anymore! and that's not a sex joke 
literally spawned in front of an rc  laugh   loveeee this game 
interceeeeeeeeeeeeption!
eatin big <propmale> tonight
okay guys  i'm full 
what format are videos that are downloaded off itunes?
copy protected itunes movie formats fuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
monday headaches never fail 
promote synergy like a boss 
this is the second time windows has erased my boot partition  i am not satisfied 
"i should be writing a sestina, reading frankenstein, and memorizing some of hamlet "
zombitch 
"i literally have so many tabs open right now, they just have     instead of the website name "
12 rushing yards in the first half = fail
"correction, one yard  wow "
now <propmale> <propfirst> can shut his fat ass up  new york sucks 
"some day, we'll look back on this, laugh nervously, and change the subject "
"i would rather listen to commercials than the beastie boys, actually "
oh my goddd this is taking forever to downloaaaaad
zombieeeeeees
"<propfemale> claus has lost his mind, easter <propfemale>'s not a rabbit, trix are made for kids until pseudo psycho man tells you to fly "
raaaaaage quit
someone should have told me that plants vs  zombies isn't a game you can only play for fifteen minutes   surprise 
