18592f6dc74913b0b5a7e83935bb0574
i spent the portion of the night between 11:45 and 12:11 up on our snow-covered roof taking advantage of our neighbor's fireworks  fun fun fun!
can't wait till she gets to vt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is tired  she never is not doing something 
is going to get up early tomorrow
<propfemale> spends way too much time on farm town
blah blah blah blah      i have absolutely nothing to do  grrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!! at the world
<propfemale> wishes that she could talk with the person that she has been trying to contact ever since she got to vt
i'm going back to ak tomorrow
la de da de da     totally bored over here 
"is really tired  she wished that she could not dream (or have a happy dream), and finally get a good nights sleep"
just got back from her day in girdwood 
"is tired, and doesn't want <propfemale> to go home"
is feeling really sad for no reason in particular  she can't wait for school to start 
needs to get some more dinner
my whole family has deserted me  i am home alone boo hoo! *secret evil smile*
"i hate being lied to  it makes me feel really stupid, and gullible  stupid world!"
i love staying up all night!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i need to get a <propmale> accent by tomorrow  how i plan to go that, i don't know "
is slightly hyper!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is at her dad's office  how boring 
saw transformers today  it was really funny  i was laughing the whole time 
i keep getting random lyrics stuck in my head  it is pretty interesting  tee <propfemale>  smile 
just got back from camping out at <propfemale> lake  it was actually fun 
doesn't want her day to start
waiting for something to happen     
i am so overwhelmed
can't wait for the 19th
it's my sister's b-day today!
i'm pretty tired right now  i need to start sleeping 
school is tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! aaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is tired
i hurt  stupid fencing
morning     ugg
wishes she hadn't woken up again
"back from school, yay! i don't hurt as much today"
"i hate it when you can't tell the difference between real life, dreams, books, and your imagination  i need more sleep "
"<propfemale> is feeling sort of strange, oddly contented, sort of at peace with the bothersome things in her life "
i actually had a pretty good first day of classes!
school    bleh
i wish i could fly
i love     i love       what exactly do i love?
"bleh, i feel like crap right now"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bleh
i wish that i could go to sleep
* sigh*
high school    i had a biology test today 
i'm tired
history papers     ugg
<propfemale> is really freezing as per usual
weekend!!!!!
i really need a top hat!
i like mandarin oranges  they are yum
"i need to calm down, was just harassed by an \old\"" creepy person!!!!! and now i'll probably have nightmares  sigh"""
dancing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
stupid history paper! ugg!
i'm seriously addicted to mandarin oranges  it is official  i'm on my 3rd can for the day 
is painfully cold  at least i can find my pulse  i'm alive!!!!
dance was hyper inducing and fun
i'm getting my phone today!!!
halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
there should be a music note as a key  seriously  what if people want to sing?
"snow   ? sigh, snow "
what is with the world lately?
"i'm soooo tired  play, tabby, play, play, cast party  and of course school in there too "
i'm high on sugar(candy + icecream) i want to jump off of a building or out of a plane!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my father honnestly thinks that tea and pickles is a good combination
sickness    it is a crime  missing the last day too   sad 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!
"just  talked on the phone with tabby for over 2 hours, wow, how time flies"
i just cleaned out my hairbrushes    now i have a rubbish bin full of hair 
"tired, sore, happy, sad, angry, and everything else   "
"i has good news  i didn't break crack my rib!!!! only bruised it like i originally thought  but it hurts, and i wasn't allowed to go to school today  so sad "
orange 
"snow white (as in the color, not the <propfemale> tale)"
is hurting    
evening sky blue
"today doesn't like me, and i don't like today, we're on the same <propfemale>"
the toilet is screeching!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for real
is having difficulties  sad 
school    new classes! new music! happiness!!!!
"facebook, i've missed you! did you miss me too?"
in the mood for a good thunderstorm     'sigh of longing'
drinking ice with a bit of juice makes one rather cold - electric blanket time
has 'imagining you' stuck in her head    for the third day in a row  thanks a lot <propfirst>
"the hot water ran out in the middle of my shower  then, after about a minute it came back! thank you hot water!!!!"
"this is what i got brook: beautiful, honest, popular, poise, sensitive girl; she is more than meets the eye we saw an <propfemale> type the other day she was so stunning i think i like my name    "
is not feeling very iris-ish right now  life isn't going anywhere exciting at the moment  i need a distraction  something that won't let me think about things that make me unhappy 
chocolate is needed for happiness  that is why i am baking 
wow! 201 friends  how on earth does one accumulate so many acquaintances?
loves ballroom dancing more than a lot of things  the new ballroom dancing club was the best idea ever!
is procrastinating 
feeling very alone    
"today was a very sleepy day  i wish that i had time for a nice long nap, preferably curled up under a warm blanket, with happy music playing in the background  then i would be happy "
has too much to do this weekend!
la de da    or not  i don't like <propfirst> at the moment  i don't want to do my rough draft  way too much writing to be done  and i am too tired and bleh to do anything  caffeine isn't a cure-all like it should be 
freshly baked bread is delicious!
does anyone know what 25 for the crossword is?????
needs a hug!
i'm on my 5th <propfemale>! (not that anyone cares)
is free
babysitting adoreable little boy
just got given a lift by the police!
school is coming way too soon!
"is tired, but satisfied with her day's work  (learned that if she catches the end of a strip of paper on fire she can successfully eat it  so that means she is a fire eater!)"
"ballroom dancing!!!!!!! i wish i had someone to dance with now, and that i was more awake "
so tired  so much to do  bleh!
isn't allowed to go to school
"i'd like to be, under the sea, in an octopus's garden, with you!"
"grasshoppers=ick! i'm sorry <propfemale>, i didn't mean it "
"i demand that tomorrow be a good day  please please please!!! i wish that were somehow possible  i think i need to get abducted by    aliens (or something equally amazing) before sixth hour, and then returned in time for eighth hour "
"is grateful for the weekend, and happy that she gets five days till she has to finnish dissecting that poor little pig "
"the sky is blue today, and it is <propfemale>, warm, and happy  i approve!!!! spring may actually be here "
finds rehearsal most enjoyable
having a slightly f***ed up day   smile 
evil standardized testing is over  *celebrates*
"my day was great, apart for the little bit that was 6th hour  but i have recovered "
"is tired, but glad that she got to see the master last night  it was worth it  muahahaha   smile "
going to go on a murder rampage 3 people are going to die 
"is excited for ballroom dance club today!!!!!! (but is slightly mad at certain blokes who are busy, and can't go   again)"
evil plans are the best!
wishes the internet wasn't so much of a distraction  i have important things to do 
wishes that her sister knew the meaning of the word 'respect' and applied it to her behavior 
wishes she had a pause button for life  i need a nap 
"opening night was a success  now, let's just see about this coming opening night, and the next "
is surprised hom many people one can be married to (i love you all)
is very happy that she decided to go to prom! it was wonderful (except for the music)
is going to take a shower and get all of the hairspray and crap out of her hair  smile  yay!!!! there were 100s of pins in my hair  gaaahhhh!
i am 'very mature for a 15 year old   in many ways' according to my mother  she was talking about this summer  i'm not 15 yet!
my finger hurts  i burned it while making a dinner that i haven't had the <propmale> to eat yet 
"i can't decide whether you should live or die oh, you'll probably go to heaven please don't <propfemale> your head and cry  no wonder why my heart feels dead inside it's cold and hard and petrified  lock the doors and close the blinds, we're going for a ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (i bloody love <propfirst> simm)"
"\magical ponies fairies and carrots   no \"" ~ <propmale> (this is one of my favorite quotes ever!!!)"""
finally got skype to work properly  now i just need someone to test it with 
i is not excited for tomorrow  not one bit 
"surprise surprise! i lived, and i didn't cry "
i would just like to thank the people who've made me happy today  i love you!!!!!!!
doesn't want to clean her room  it looks like very daunting task from here on my bed 
my foot hurts  i have blisters on top of blisters on the ball of my right foot  not so good for tomorrow  i'll just grin and bear it   laugh 
had an almost perfect friday! again  fridays are starting to be my favorite  seriously!
loves <propfirst> tennant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wishes that school hadn't ended   
tea is my favorite ever! now i need to get off my lazy bum and go make myself a 4th pot  smile  i think i'll have some assam  that stuff is freaking delicious!
feels like a hippie today  fun times!
"needs to do something, go somewhere, see real people, and get out of her house surrounding area  summer isn't being nice to <propfemale>  sad "
"just got back from 3 day, 2 night backpacking trip  <propfemale> is tired and slightly sunburned   "
life life life    why aren't you interesting right now?
^ mental breakdown ^
"if you \like\"" this status", i will post on your wall something i like \18592f6dc74913b0b5a7e83935bb0574,went sailing this evening!
i need to write  something to dispel these emotions of mine  they are creating problems and making me frustrated and unhappy 
i is fifteen  how odd 
"how can a mere photo of someone, who i've never actually met, bring me close to tears??? it shouldn't work like that  the world is being unusually cruel to me right now   playful "
<propfirst> tennant is a death eater!!!!!!!!!!!!
"watched the big bang, cried a bit, and them smiled a lot  i  love  you <propmale> smith!!!"
i made tea for a man from wales! and he liked it
needs something clever to right    blarg!!!!!!!
odd dreams   my life  where does one stop and the other begin?
has returned from a camping trip in the clouds (literally)
why do i always compare with the really irritating characters in books? seriously!
"is freaking out, because she's going to be on a plane soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
at the airport    (yes i did have to update you on this)
"in in new york, finally  it's really humid here  stifling "
"it's bloody hot here!!!!! (gaaa    that took up too much energy, must go and lie down by fan)"
is content  smile 
"busyness!!! there is so much to do, so many people to see, and everything to think about "
gggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (life is tiring)
is in new york city  fun times  smile 
desperately wanted to be taken away by <propmale> smith last nigh  nothing came of it  i should have known 
"just got back from the <propmale> center  we saw south pacific  it was a lovely, amazing, fabulous, awe-inspiring, beautiful show! i adored it, and am so very glad that i was able to see it "
<propfemale> is home  fun times!
"oh life, you are silly "
is feeing down  my life at the moment bothers me   sad 
"'s school id is a really hideous yellow colour  how shall i survive? i like green, polaris green "
"just lay there in the grass as the rain gently fell, on my face, arms, and clothes  i smiled, and thought \it's beautiful\"""""
"is home from sailing a skipjack with her daddy  fun times, good weather, less wind than i would have liked though "
captain <propfirst> harkness is sleeping beauty 
home from day with <propfemale> in town  fin tiems  smile 
exchange student is here!
is upset and overwhelmed
meh  is busy
feels rather drained
i love you! thanks for everything you've done for me  love 
fairness soon  smile 
fridays love me
"back from homecoming    will have pictures soon    it was interesting, and i wish i could have had several other people there with me "
 playful 
i have dined on dalek
selenium and bromium!!!!!! <propfemale> and brom!!!!!!! it all fits!!!! i'm such a dork  relating the elements table to books  and remembering characters names     wow!
i has me some taking over the world music! thank you series 3 finale!
has supernatural!!!!!!!! finally    thanks <propfemale> darling  love  i loves you
dance! <propfemale> got lots of hugs  smile  and saw her peoples  smile  happy fun times!!!
just talked with a random guy from alabama  his southern accent    hahaha  and since he was from this corporation thingy he didn't even know he was calling alaska  hahahaha    
"had a crazy, wonderful, practically perfect day, if only it hadn't ended so soon  smile "
my phone died    and now i don't have most people's <propfirst>  can you has help????????
has suspicious neighbors!
8 inches
like my status and i'll tell you: 1 ) something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2 ) the color you remind me of  3 ) my favorite memory with you  4 ) the animal you remind me of  5 ) ask somethingi've always wondered about you  6 ) my favorite thing about    you  7 ) give you a nickname  8 ) challenge you to repost this 
is <propfemale> <propfirst>
needs to do some doctor who watching!
is down
should get up and make some delicious wonderful tea!
is dead; or very very close   
tabby won't talk to me on the internet  oh no! though i admit she is still at school    
likes talking on the phone with her people  laugh 
had a lovely night last night!  love 
fresh cookies just out of the oven!
"you can ask me one question  (only in my inbox)  i will answer and i'll be honest (seriously, u can pretty much ask me anything!)  smile  i dare you to put this as your status and see what kind of questions you get asked"
hates sunday-night homework!
happy pie day everyone!!!!!  love 
finally got her texting turned back on  smile  thank you mother  love 
<propfemale>
the week is over with! and i survived  so there life  playful 
snape is colonel <propfirst>?????? wtf!
"all right, i'll try the # thing out  smile  this shall be more entertaining than american e playful ansion "
"94  well now, i love you a great deal  i wish you were happier, and in a situation where everyday would be a special one, like last year  i need to see you so we can spend hours talking again  btw i love your letter writing skills "
"2  i really would like to see you more often  i have enjoyed everything we've been involved in together, plays and dancing and such  smile   thanks for finding me that one time when you were at chugiak  love "
too much studying is bad for your health!!!
"94 2 thanks for being one of the nice people i've met this year  our after-school tea times are deliciously delightful!!! we need to have another pancake party asap!!!! btw, <propfirst> tennent is sexy    and very distracting when one is studying  laugh "
"1221 i wish i knew you better, and got to see you more often  you seem really interesting cool a good person to know  i'm glad i met you and talked with you at fall frolic! btw what are your thoughts on this weekend's lockin?"
has straight a's!!!! i was in shock    this wasn't supposed to happen  i think my teachers decided to give me a's    this makes no sense
"2010 is almost over! [inbox only] confess or ask me anything you always wanted to ask! put this as your status and see what people say  you might be surprised  btw, i'm going through this new honest phase, so you might as well take advantage "
"happy eclipse everyone! just got back from a lovely night ski  smile  w  my mom, sister, and our friend  love "
goodbye alaska    i shall be leaving at approximately 2 o'clock   laugh 
is home  love   sad   wish i could make up my mind about how i feel about this  (btw pictures are soon to follow hawaii is so freaking beautiful!)
ahahahaha <propfemale> has <propfemale> computer!!! mauahahahahaha! > smile 
just trust me
"skiing is taking over my life, and my bedroom  i have ski holder thingies on my chair and ski clothes all over the floor, and i ski practically every day   playful "
"1st person to like my status - i will have your last name for a week\2nd person to like my status - can dare me to do one thing (that you would do)\3rd person to like my status - i'll write i love you on your wall \4th person to like my status - i will answer any question  \5th person to like my status - i will marry you for a day \               put this as your status   if your brave enough"
racing at 0 to -10 (w  windchill)=utterly insane
snow  love 
just got back from alyeska!
"busy weekends are great, or would be if you were doing 100% fun stuffs, if not then     sad "
watched the young <propfemale> tonight with some lovely people  smile 
"i am going to commit murder tonight     she can't do steal my things, and then lie about it, and then freak out when she is accused  wtf!"
ski practice=fun times and lots of pudding  laugh   love 
clothing is happy-making  laugh 
grrrr chemistry    
i understand everything now    oh gosh
"the \beatles\"" concert was orgasmic!!!!"""
's family is emersed in a chocolate fight  i should make fondue more often    muahahaha > smile 
