100d9e816abfcdf14b136b067aee3c3c
cocktails at 12   
'you had me at hall and oates'
is already grieving
i fixed my printer!!
   scanning fun!
   a <propmale> buckley movie   i'm speechless
"hey - for those of you that have graduated and will be needing insurance, there's a website 'healthy new york' that will provide free insurance for a year for fresh graduates "
is <propfirst> costanza
"so i just took that \what book are you\"" quiz and 'i'm the great gatsby'    i asked someone what that means and he said it means that \""i'm pompous and i like to drink\""    that's really sweet"""
"it's kind of lame, but i love iceberg lettuce  "
happy anniversary 'kid a'  i love you!
is making september 13th a holiday 
full <propfemale> in taurus november 21 (12:27 pm est)    good stuff 
my monthly fb check-in and profile pic update  hello all you lovely pixels!
best v-day news ever!!! radiohead has a new album!!! download-able this saturday  i'm giddy 
"hypnotic tribal jazz-y   madvillain-y, bitches brew?, the eraser   hahahaa   radiohead does sexy, soulful sexy  makes me feel that perma-grin, deep-in-the-gut in love feeling   wow    they're peerless  \\it ends too soon though! (   with a nod to \meeting in the aisle\"" from no surprises running from demons ep  ?)"""
air travel makes me maternal  ?
ok  snowboarding rocks!!!
bruised knees and rear   snowboarding sequence 3    continues  
it's hard to top qotsa in concert   wow 
capriccio was good   joseph kaiser was amazing 
snl made freakin magic with <propmale> <propfirst>!! the best episode i've seen since the early 90s!
"thank you, thank you everyone for the bday love!!"
is dark red
"\there can be no love without duties and responsibilities and no duty where there is no love   love and duty are but two sides of the same coin\"" \",100d9e816abfcdf14b136b067aee3c3c,forgot how awesome faceoff was!!
or rather is  !
2nd technical  killing me  
hates miami 
anyone going to sasquatch festival (end of may)??
"oh, cs! my heart's broken  so close "
go celtics!   please  
heart broken doesn't describe it   leading the whole time?? and the last couple of minutes   the cs need some young blood  love ya pierce but i guess you're getting old (for the game) 
i'm out of my element  i'm caught off guard  i don't understand  i sooooooo need help  or an exorcism 
"whoa, blue <propfirst> is sweet and mushy and i cried and all, but more than anything it scared the crap out of me "
finaaaally took a boxing class   love it  and i'm currently typing in my wraps - a challenge - but jazzed that i did them right  !
maybe i'm biased but there seems to be a hall and oates sound revival 
recommended reading - <propmale> herzog's interview in may's gq 
bruins!!
wish i saw the mavs heat game last night  !
do it mavs!!!!!!!!
nowitzki baby!!
"<propmale>, no!!!!!! why???"
my man had a fever and they still won! eat that heat!!
"i finally have good speakers and i'm continually dazzled, but radiohead's weird fishes is exceptionally mesmerizing with them   so good "
"i can hear the nkotbsb concert that's at fenway   in my apt  wow  hanging tough's rocking out right now   no nothing about the backstreet boys but new kids, yes, sweet nostalgia  go <propfirst> "
"geez, <propmale>!?"
sweet mavs!!
"bruins, baby! game 7!!"
and they did it!!
