a588a108979ed3fba33903216de90f20
i think that i have the best friends right now thanks guys 
is moving in less than 2 months   how come i have a feeling that these next 2 months are going to fly by?
ok so im getting ready to leave soon      i feel super nervous!!!! god i wish <propmale> was soming with me at least ugh   oh well i guess 
ok so we made it to texas last night yay!
ok well not yay but i was so tired getting here was like yay the drive is over    im still really tired i dont think that ive recovered from the drive yet
ugh i really miss <propfemale> right about now 
so got sirus to school on time today yay me couldnt have him late for the first day    and cant wait to pick him up in in like an hour  smile 
okay so im up got sirus' lunch packed now i just need that cup of coffee before i walk him to school 
yeah i soooooo need to go to sleep!
ok for the most part i actually like texas i def dont live in a crappy area  my kids are lovin it to  well i guess i'll find out how much i like it once y vacation is over on tues and i start at the new store (yikes)!
has been looking a tschools all day     i'm tired 
is thinking about buying a mac    still undecided though
bought a rabbit it today   kinda a spur of the moment thing  named it <propfemale> woodstock  the dude at the shop said he thought it was a girl and well we kind of cant tell so it has a girl andboy name   yep all grounds covered
"i know it is kinda far away, but i can't wait until halloween!!"
is beat   i think my brain overloaded   ugh
sirus has a loose tooth!!!!!! his first one!
loves the rain! as long as i'm not working   rain seems to hurt business  but since i am off today yea!!!!
omg sirus lost his tooth today at school! its really weird but the tooth is so small its kinda cute   guess the tooth <propfemale> will be paying him a visit tonight!
wow there really is a st  olaf minnasota! how funny is that! population of the town in 2000 was 332! closest walmart is 15 miles     ok im done
is soooo ready for it to be halloween already!
has a serious headache    
had an awesome time trick or treating with the kids! i'm sooo beat!
will have my own apartment soon!
really likes her new apartment!
finally got my cable! now i can quit sponging ogg the neighbor's internet 
do i really really have to go to work today? i don't wanna 
is happy im off today! the first time i've had two days off in a row since i moved to texas
"ok i got one final done for one class     one more to go, but i am sooo doing it another day"
"ok, i actually can't believe that i finished both of my final projects  thank god i am finally done "
ok   so i talked to my ex today and he was talking about moving to be closer to his kids    wtf? this just doesn't seem like it will turn out to be good 
is baking chocolate chip cookies with the kids!
is really tired i don't know how i am going to make it through today 
god think this time tomorrow i will still be at work     working until 10pm is going to suck
ok so i'm off to work   have to be there till 10   this is going to blow 
ok it's late just finished cleaning my apartment soooooooooo             time for bed
seriously    today had been like the worst day ever 
"got all my christmas shopping done   spending that much money in one spot though kills me  ugh, but the kids will be happy "
merrry christmas to everyone who cares
i just saw my electric bill    omg 
ok so i am just curious  why are there hoodies with no sleeves or short sleeves? doesn't that make wearing a hoodie pointless?
is really upset ax7's drummer died
is so glad this is the last day of the year  had a lot a good times but i just think that the bad weighed out this year    so i'm hoping for a little less bad next year 
i feel like crap    glad i'm off tomorrow  i hope i can sleep some of this sickness off 
is actually thinkning that <propmale> and my mom should take a bus here instead of me and the kids going to <propfemale> on a plane  1) planes are way too e playful ensive for the 3 of us 2) buses are cheaper  and 3) my mom can get a round trip ticket and <propmale> can get a one way ticket for the price it would cost me and the kids to get a one way ticket to <propfemale>  i def think that they should come to me instead of me coming to them
sometimes i just feel like packing my shit an moving back to <propfemale>  its just one thing after another i just cant seem to get anything to go right 
ok so i got both of my kids asleep before 8 smile 0 thats got to be a record for me!
ugh its too early to be awake  i think i got spoiled while sirus was on winter break  they went to be so early last night i should have gone to bed early too!
wow the apartment building next to me ( i am so close i could throw a rock and hit the building ) caught on fire          
just had the besrt breakfast ever   i must say i think that i am a pretty good cook!
ok why is everyone posting colors in their status? did i miss something here?
i need to be sleeping!     but i can't! i need to be getting ready for work in about 5 hours  can't wait until march  i guess these next two months are going to be the longest two months of my life!
"to all you mommies out there, join the fun and re-post this  how much did your child(ren) weigh at birth? sirus 7ibs 8oz, <propfemale> 6lbs 15oz"
is getting ready to go get sirus from school 
trying to get kids to clean is like pulling teeth from a wild animal   seriously
seriously i don't mind the beatles  i actually really like them  but seriously at 10pm when i am trying to keep my kids asleep you need to knock that shit off!
"is tired and wants to go to sleep, but i ahev this homeowkr assignment i need to get finished   sigh"
"?(?????)? please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status and fight stupidity?"
ok so who plays the zoo world game? i need some of the people to play the application so i can adopt a sea turtle so i can make it to the next level  i have one i need 2 and i can only get it from the feed 
seriously i dont think that i can take anymore dissapointments
seriously i had to wiggle the charger cord for my phone to charge!? reallly this sucks  some days i hate cell phones 
its offical i am not going to <propfemale> in march
"i'm just tired of randomness in my life  for once, just once, i would like the pieces to stay where i put them instead of dancing some litttle jig that just messes everything up  screw you pieces     screw you "
seriously whoever invented apa format and apa citations needs to be shot  well i'm sure he's dead by now  but still           
is getting ready ( or at least intending to ) take the kids to my friends house so i can go to work     my closing day yea  annoyed 
so i really want this pair of pants but    they are $90    i guess i'll just keep wanting
just saw my electric bill     omg
ok so i have most of this stupid essay done  it was suppose to have it turned in sunday but whatever  i have until wed until it wontt be accepted  i think i will finish the rest tomorrow  i'm thinking about bed right now 
"omg am i finially done with my essay? can it be true? yes  yes i am  thank god    but in writing this essay, i have come to think that i have a slight case of add "
is baking a cake with <propfemale> while sirus is in the bath tub  almost bed time  i think i can make it   well when it is bed time i wont wanna sleep 
"soooooooooooo i was looking on petedge and i see that they have a 5 speed clipper    i really want it, but they cost $200   do i really feel like spending that much money for my job?"
so i just had the worst day ever  my car totally crapped out   timing belt   thanks to everyone that helped me though  taking a truck and pushing my car down frankford was scary yet some how fun  well anyway here's hoping that i can get it fixed in the next couple of days 
will hopefully be getting my car fixed tomorrow thank god   i really need to get <propfemale> to a dentist
is soooooooooooooo stressed! can i cry about it now
don't really feel like closing again  why the hell am i always closing?
i am almost completely done with both of my finals for tomorrow  i just have a couple more things to do and i'm done  but for now i feel like my brain is fried and i can't think anymore tonight  so a couple of hours after i get off work tomorrow ( closing again fml) and i will be done  which should be just in time because both finals are due tomorrow  i am such a procrastinatior 
"so i am finally done with my finals for these classes  thank god! but alas, it is only a little relief, becuase i start my new classes tomorrow  i get no break!"
omg just got a look at my work for the first week of my new classes    fml
i got my couch!!!! finally i'm beyond happy at the moment!
is tired but i can't sleep fml
peanut butter off the spoon and coffee this morning    just what i needed  now all i have to do is make it through today 
"ok so i made it through today but just barely  i miss my old coworkers, coworkers here are alright but noone is like you guys  i miss my friends, my mom josue   i just want to go home "
slept all morning now i can't sleep   oh well might as well do part of tomorrow's homework then 
ugh i don't feel like doing this hw assignment    it's too much boring shit to do at once   plus i'm tired
12 days until i see my mom! first time since i left i can't wait 
ugh my car just broke down    the radiator just completely cracked     fuck
"well the good news is my baby sitter's husband was able to fix my car today! i mean 3 ppl that need to get to work and only one car, so i really couldn't wait to fix the car   so hopefully nothing else will break down now  (^ ^)"
"i am finally caught up on my homework that i couldn't get done, because the dog chewed the power cord  sooooooo got a new power cord, got my homework done   thank god  and sirus just got over being sick, and now <propfemale> is sick   i wonder after <propfemale> is over it will i be sick?"
"i am so tired! i can't wait for my mom to get here tomorrow yay!!! but, for tonight homework then bed "
i'm really tired don't wanna be awake  upside to that is my mom will be here tonight!
just got home from picking up my mom   thanks for being so negative <propmale>
today was the worst day ever    all i have to say is fml   thank you 
omg am i finally caught up home work? am i really? i can't believe it 
"soooooooooo here i am working on my final essay, and it is on hispanic civil rights  things said about the hispanic race make me realized that we can be pretty fucked up "
"so, i am finally caught up on all my assignemts   thank god      i am actually suprised i survived my life this week with school and work on top of it     i am not sure if i am looking forward to next week "
why the hell is it so cold tonight? wtf?
"sigh    i hate these apartments  i could punch the manager in her face seriously  it'd make me feel better, but it wouldn't be worth it  fml "
i am finally caught up on my homework ( aside from the assignment that was too late to turn in)    only took me 4 hours to do it 
"omg stayed up late doing my powerpoint for a computer class  how do computers work? let's see you plug the power cord into a power outlet, hit the on button     i don'tknow how i am going to make it through today      "
"ok so i found out that they now how shift work sleep disorder    seriously?????? why does every single ailment need a diagnosis? so since i prefer to be up at night and would rather sleep during the day (when i work), does this mean i have this problem? i think not      "
i love watching that 70s show!
i have to say that since i am here all alone in texas (aside from my babies) i had a great mother's day with great friends  so     today was a win!
ugh guess i should quit procrastinating and get to this 1000 word essay huh?
i really really love my carpet cleaner        it's awesome!
"seriously there isn't going to be any rain here tonight? that is so dissapointing  this \spring\"" has been so dissapointing  *sigh*"""
god i feel so sick today      uh hope i feel better tomorrow 
ugh    seriously stressed at work today  the bright side is i made $200 
zzzzzzzzzzzzzz   still feel like i am forgetting something                    
ugh today just didnt want to end      
the average  child is more likely to own a cell phone than a book   i guess that would e playful lain why he's average- <propfirst> <propfemale> 
well tonight was unproductive  i didn't get any homeowrk done    crap 
is sitting here thinking about doing the rest of my homework    i am just so far behind i feel unmotivated 
ugh my back hurts        
i really really want to go to the body exhibit    at least i have until august 
12 smile 0 seems like a good time to go to bed today          probably won't sleep much though  i am kinda stressed about finals coming up    severly stressed about it  plus i have 2 more papers due even before then    fml 
ok seriously   why does every website i find that looks like it might contain something i need    i have to pay for   seriously!!
"ok so with the information i found using the college library, i have one question    why is all the information the same? it doesn't matter that it is worded differently because it doesn't help me!!!!! ugh i can't even bs this crap "
i miss my puggy  sad 
oh i am soooo tired    do i have to do this homework? does anyone feel like doing it for me?
"is at the park with the sirus,vida,lily and amaya feeding the ducks, fish and turtles bread   and yes even the turtles are eating bread "
ahhhhh i love coffee!
i made some chicken pot pie today yummy! glad i don't have to worry about anyone eating the leftovers! i know the kids will want more later  smile 
god ~ just had the 2nd biggest dissapointment ever 
is going to bed    might as well try to sleep 
"omg! i am never going to get this hw done, and i won't be able to go anywhere tomorrow! ugh!     stressed!"
phew! done with the assignments due today     now all i have to worry about is that 1100 word paper due on sunday   looks like i won't get to see any fireworks this sunday   oh well 
thanks everyone for all the happy birthdays! i had an awesome day! especially thanks to <propfirst> for giving me a great birthday!
so    vida almost pulled my piercing out    it hurts like hell now     
ugh      
there are some people in this world that just should not sing 
omg! i found all the <propfirst> brothers costumes for the kids on halloween! i love amazon    
i just found out they have the shreck the musical   i wanna take the kids 
i have ultimately decided that my bedtime is between 2am and 3 am    normally  there are some days that i will make an exception 
omg i got my two huge assignments turned in on time! doesn't matter that i got the last one turned in 2 minutes before it was due      it was still on time!
"i am sooooo tired, but i still fail to find sleep    as always"
yay! my car is fixed!
so yay! i made it! i have to say that the drive was worse this time than it was the first time   for the time being i am glad that it is over 
i had a lot of fun with my <propfemale> friends tonight!
today has def been draining for me
"today is <propfemale>'s birthday, i can't belive that she is five! happy birthday to my munchkin!"
soooo   here i am back in texas to my dingy apt  i miss everyone back home  oh well back to reality now i guess 
its official i cant find the charger for my camera   i must have left it     crap 
ok so everyone is talking about this mosque being built close to the world trade center site  i was in ny last week and seriously where the hell are they planning on putting it? everything is so crammed together i don't see how they are going to fit it   unless it is really small  plus we shouldn't punish a whole religous group because of a few zealots 
omg i'm tired   and i have to finish the one of my finals tonight 
i finished one of my finals yay! now all i have left is the power point final       
i just have to make it through today then i have 2 weeks off     stupid power point  sad 
yay i am done with my finals! now i get two weeks off from school  yay me!
i feel sad    the kids first day back at school
ahhhhhh computer games how i have missed you!
man i love school schedule for the kids  both of them were out by 830  once daylight savings time hit they are so going to bed as soon as it gets dark  that is going to be sooo nice 
day 7 of work     i can not wait until tomorrow  my first day off  hurry up already!
"ahhhhhhhhhhh today was such a great day off! caught up on sleep, got some housework done  nice            "
"please let saturday be busy, please let saturday be busy           "
yay! i finished putting new music on my ipod  too bad i don't have a long enough drive to listen to it at once 
omg i think i left my phone at <propfirst>'s house  i cant find it anywhere!
sooooooooooo i downloaded an alarm to my computer  here's hoping it works!
yay!got my new phone 
going to the movies!
yay i'm off tomorrow! i love having off at least one day that my kids have off 
i love having sundays off with the kids 
awwww the tickets for the concert went up! disappointing!
oh homework how i hate you so     
so yay!i finished my homeowrk assignment that is due friday and already turned it in    so yay me  i also got 2 chapters from one class read and one chapter from the other class   so ini my case i am ahead of schedule  smile 
"i love rain! i was going through withdrawl there for a while  i'm glad we are getting so much of it! too bad it effects work, but you know what? i don't care! i love rain!"
i'm tired  i just have to wait for this load of clothes to finish washing  then clothes in dryer and me in bed 
"omg i am soooo tired! i finished my homework for the night (thank god), and i will hopefully be able to force myself into bed shortly "
happy grandparent's day to my mom!
sitting at fridays with patricia        good times
i love rain! i'm so glad that i was off and was able to enjoy it!
i hope that today is a pretty decent day at work today 
i am sooooooooooooo glad that i am off tomorrow!
so here caty and i are watching a rerun of the vmas and i'm watching the linkin park performance and all i have to say is god damn wtf? what happened!
ugh    i'm so glad today is over  today has just been     bleh 
i am sooooo freaking tired!
i had more homework than i thought i did      guess i will not be sleeping tonight!
yes i am finally done! 2000 words later   my brain is tired  the sad part is that i'm not tired enough to go to sleep  i guess that i can find something mundane enough to bore myself into sleep 
omg! what a crazy day!
"i have decided that i'm going to take the kids to the state fair this year  i was on the fence about it because of money and whatnot, but the school gave all the students free tickets!"
i hate doing power points 
soooooooooooooo     i keep reading that selective breeding is unethical in humans   the more i people watch the more i think that there should be a test for having kids 
i am looking for a great day off tomorrow with the kids!
why is it so cold this morning!
school pictures tomorrow for the kiddies! i hope they turn out well!
why does it seem like the more i wash laundry the more there is? can't i for one freaking day have no clothes to wash? is that so much to ask for?
i wish we were getting some of the rain that va is getting    i miss rain!
why the hell am i so irritated today?
its amazing how much time i can wasted reading cracked com  i just freaking love it!
i have decided that it is official     i don't like people 
sooooooooooooo    sirus decided to wipe mustard on my wall that is painted with non washable paint    *sigh*
"okay, i got all my big point assignments turned in   thank god         i still missed one assignment this week, but 3 out of 4 papers turned in is not bad  at least i am going to keep telling myself that "
i think that i am going to slack on homework tonight and turn in early   i'm tired 
i guess midnight is a good as time to start homework as any 
sooo <propfemale> is running a fever again  poor thing looks so miserable  no school for her today 
poor <propfemale>  she looks so miserable!
so <propfemale> still has a temp  i feel a little worried so i called the hospital and e playful lained that my daughter has had an up and down temp for over 24 hours  you know what they told me     if her temp gets to over 103 bring her in  there isn't much the doctor will do until then      fucking really!
i've come to the conclusion that i am destined to be a head case 
"so i think <propfemale> is feeling a little better   still not eating anything though  i also just found out her friend from school is sick too, and hasn't been at school the last couple of days either  i guess it is what is going around       "
i have the headache from hell right now ugh                  
"i love the weather today! it is soooo nice  i would normally be wishing that it was raining, but we are slow enough at work without the rain "
big time rush is going to be at walmart this friday for a signing! sooooo guess where the kids and i will be on friday!?
"how come i have this feeling that i am going to be very stressed tomorrow? i know everything is planned out on how it's going to work out, but everytime anything is ever planned something always goes wrong   oh well i guess tomorrow will tell annnnnnnnnnd i suspose that i am a little excited too  i think the kids excitement is rubbing off on me "
omg im soooooo tired  why the hell am i up??? ob yeah thats right       i must be nuts what was i thinking?
"okkkkkkk so here <propfirst>, my kids, and i ate waiting for big time rush to come out so we can get started on this shit   im tired of waiting already!!!!"
"omfg  i am soooo tired! today was a little stressful, but everything worked out  thanks <propfirst> for coming with me for the eons of waiting we had to do today (it went by soooo much faster), and for helping me with <propfemale> in my extreme tiredness! thanks <propfirst> for watching the kids so i could get the wristbands for the signing! it was awesome, everything worked out, the kids loved it! i think it was all worth it "
ugh i guess i need to start on this homework that i don't want to do  i just don't wanna!
ugh    i feel like crap  i hope this doesn't last 
ok so i am seriously wondering how all these crazy motherfuckers keep finding me  what the hell? i mean do i have to fall off the face of the planet?
i have a few hopes for today  1  i hope i don't have to deal with crazies today  2  hope that sirus doesn't run a fever bc im sending him to school today   he was fine yesterday   and 3  i hope i don't forget caty at <propfirst>'s house again 
"soooooooooo i have been working on putting away laundry for the last hour and a half  all i have left are undies and sock to put away, but i still have to wash towels and covers  *sigh*"
"so yea! i got my homeowrk assignments due tomorrow in today  so i will finish my homework this week by saturday, and i will have all day sunday to work on my final  two weeks until then    i'm kinda freaking out about  ok, freaking out is a little understated "
"dear petsmart,\i fucking hate you "
badideatshirts com     nice!
just ordered the kiddie's costumes! i can't wait until halloween! one week from tomorrow!
i'm so glad that i have a mom that lets me know that i say possibly offensive things and not realize that they are potentially offensive to someone else    thanks mom 
i can't find my yoshi shirt anywhere? i mean really    my apartment isn't that big 
yay i got a paper done! and i got a power point done  plus my discussion questions done  yay me! now all i have left      is another paper    and another power point  and        i still have to write the rest on my questions for the interview  but for now bed  
tired!!!!! doesn't even begin to describe it 
halloween    yay!
just about ready to head over to <propfirst>'s for some trick or treating   yay!
"we all had a great time trick-or-treating, and i have to say that the weather was awesome!"
i need to start working on these finals already! but i don't wanna  it's a lot of work 
my phone says rain tomorrow! i hope it isn't lying to me 
i love sirus' dsi      i think i might take it from him  smile 
sooo i just looked at my electric <propmale> and it was $68  how great is that!?
so i'm watching one of those asian game shows where people have to use a pogo stick to get through an obstacle course    kind of interesting actually 
do i have to work tomorrow? i don't want to  i think that i could go an extra day with out dealing with anybody   actually i know i could 
soooooooooooo lets see if i can finish at least one final tonight   and go   
"soooooooooooooo now i'm just waiting for my paper to finish being sent through the plagarism checker and the i can post it  i know my paper is fine, but it is always a good thing to check "
ugh one more finl to go  lets see if i can get at least half of it done tonight so i can have some sort of life tomorrow 
"i told <propfemale> that i was working on my homework, and she handed me a piece of paper with a whole bunch of random letters on it  she told me she did some of my homework for me so i didn't have some much to do      if that isn't cute i don't know what is!"
so i am finally done  my last final was something like 4300 words  so glad i am done  downside: i have to start new classes tomorrow 
"so i am looking at my new classes tonight and one geology is pretty much wahtever noooo problem  looking at my other class photoshop, and digital imaging class   i wanna cry  omg i don't know how i am going to survive that class "
i suppose that since my homework is done (for the moment anyway) and my apartment is clean that i should be heading to bed  it's just so hard to go to sleep when i'm not tired 
soooo i really like using the google chrome browser  it's actually kinda cool 
"copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face  93% of people won't repost this    why? because they probably need a punch in the face "
ughhhhhh
i wish it would rain since it's my day off tomorrow 
at school waiting for <propfemale>'s play to get startes  she looks so beautiful in her dress 
i got all my change wrapped so yay!
"i'm tired, but not tired enough to go to sleep  what am i suppose to do now?"
i had a great day at traders village with <propfemale> and the kids  plus ny home work is done sooo yay!
hmmm not sure i still wanna get <propfemale> a doll house for christmas     ugh i just can't decide!!!
watching bedknobs and broomsticks  i love this movie!
omg! i found a store in grand prairie that sells nothing but old video games and systems! guess what i will be doing this weekend?
ugh! photoshop is so freaking hard! i hate it! just fucking hate it!
"is there any particular reason that i should care how volcanoes are formed? answer: no     there is no reason what-so-ever, and this class is stupid "
why is it so <propfemale>? why is <propfemale> getting all this rain since i moved to texas? why can't i sleep? oh wait     that's normal for me never mind 
"i am so fucking pissed! <propfemale> fell at school, and got a pretty nasty bruise  they didn't call me, and they didn't even send her to the fucking nurse! i'm going to the school first thing tomorrow and giving them a piece of my mind    "
"ok  so i am almost caught up on my homework  i have one last assignment that is late, but i think i am going to wait until tomorrow to do it  <propfemale> isn't going to school tomorrow  she hasn't been herself since tuesday when she got hurt, and ugh so frustrating  stupid school  so i'm going to let <propfemale> have a 3 day weekend  hopefully she will be better by monday "
yea! i finally found sirus a pair of <propfemale> wars pjs  now both kids have pjs for christmas <propfemale> morning  they are the only present they can open christmas <propfemale> 
"storage unit check, insurance check  finished packing    not checked"
what am i doing awake right now? i guess that's what i get for trying to go to bed early 
three more days of work  i am soooo ready for a day off!
about to wrap the rest of the christmas presents
omg i can't go back to sleep what's wrong with me!!!????
omg i really want the <propmale> mars cd!
why do i feel so down?? *sigh*
go to freaking sleep flaur! god what's wrong with you?    oh yeah insomnia sucks
ugh i can't freaking wait until march! only a month and a half left till i go to va once again i can't freaking wait 
yay for early morning rain! or late night rain  i guess it all depends on perception 
i love rainy weather days! there aren't enough days like these in texas  today was soooo nice!
ugh almost done with one final   then i have one more 
getting ready to see saw  hell yeah for the dollar movies!
yay i'm finally done with these two stupid classes!
yay! i got a b- in my photoshop class!
soooooooooo i guess i don't know how to simplify fractions    
can't wait 'till march! going to spend almost half of it in va and then back to texas in a new apt! i'm actually excited! just keep telling yourself flaur      39 more days    
ugh it's soooo cold! i don't wanna go anywhere!
it's snowing    in fucking texas    ugh
homework done     for now
my brain is tired
pokepark is such a cute game!
is beyond sad    poor <propfemale> and <propfirst>  seriously why would someone steal someone elses' dogs?????????  sad 
i just bought a pokemon game!
is thinking about going back to bed
awwww pokewalker is still missing!
i dropped my phone in apple juice        i'm sad  sad 
ugh   why won't sleep come to me    seriously  i should feel tired already 
just downloaded celebi     god i'm a nerd
ugh       why am i so tired???! i guess i need to go and finish these last 2 dogs       
only infreaking texas could it go from raining and clody to warm and <propfemale>
i have the worst headache ever       
i will now offically be in <propfemale> in less than 2 weeks! i'm excited!
"dear car,\   i wish that i could live without you  you cost me too much money  you suck "
is it thursday yet???????? these next five days are going to go by slowwwwwwlllllyyyyyy!
washing clothes     fun times     at least my mama and <propmale> will be here in 3 days! <propfemale> in 6 days! im freaking excited!
"i am just <propfemale> excited i could burst    cant sleep, but i'm tired!"
i freaking love texas weather at night    
omg my mom and <propmale> leaving tomorrow! i'm sooo excited!
is it thursday yet????
excited!
sooooo they are already half way here! yay!
sooooo tired happy to be in va though
man i'm still tired!
so <propmale> and i are going to the melting pot tonight     i'm excited!
ugh lost my phone wtf?
i'm so tired!!!!!! been busy and kind of crazy since i got to <propfemale>  i feel sad i only have 2 more days here        i kind of wanna stay 
"so i'm leaving tomorrow     got a lot of things done, but not as much as i wanted  didn't get to see everyone i wanted too    sry guys    "
i think that i have the worst headache ever
i just can't look at math homework anymore     i quit      i'm just going to fail it anyway  
back in texas     back to work tomorrow     i miss my family already though     
ugh flat tire     i am beginning to think that my car doesn't like me    
sooooooooooo i'm still working on this final     
done with all finals! yes i am so ready for a week off from school!
ugh i guess i should go get these dogs done  annoyed 
"trying to get everything for sirus' party, trying to get everything and everyone ready equals a very stressed flaur"
kinda stressed
sitting outside the office bumming their internet        c'mon wednesday!
"i think <propmale> is going to lose a hoodie    well a wanna be hoodie since it doesn't actually have a hood,but i don't know what else to call it"
i'm suppose to get cable and internet today!
"yay flaur has internet!    and cable, but i'm mostly happy about the internet "
"sooooooo i just finished making <propmale> lunch for tomorrow bc i am so nice, and after playing around on the internet that i missed so much i guess it's time for homework "
