27740904b20c666eb02f23f627cba587
trying to re-build my facebook  hasn't been updated in years
trying to update my facebook  hasn't been updated in yearssss! myspace is better!
b o r e d d d
la cage tonighttt!
work work work! at least its almost fridayyy!
whats everyone doing tonight? i wanna go out!!  
gunna be at monas in a minute!!
relaxing!!
waiting for laundry  ugh
not looking forward to driving 13 hours tomorrow to canada just because <propfemale> can't learn how to drive a stick! ughh
had a good trip w dawn!   now its pridefest today!!!  smile 
pride was great yesterday   think we're gunna go again today!  smile 
getting ready for the move tomorrow  the house is such a mess right now!!
ughhh i don't want to go back to work tomorrow after my week n a half vacation
anyone know of any good places to go out on a monday night???
im soooo excited to see twilight eclipse tomorrow!!!
"happy 28th birthday to my beautiful, wonderful girl  love you! andddd, twilight eclipse tonight!!!  smile "
omg   totally just forgot about the smoking-ban   going out tonight is going to be a lot different! ughhh
ughh a half hour left   almost done!! this day has been dragginggg
soooo hungry! where to eat for lunch??! prolly the dollar menu  haha
going swimming at a superrr nice beach in caledonia  omg so nice over here! fuck the polluted milw beaches
whats everyone doing tonight?? i wanna go outtt!
had a bad day from the second i woke up  just one of those days!
no power at work   making us stay here n do nothing  nice
had to drive my baby to the airport this morning   she'll be away for army stuff for 2 weeks    sad   ughhh
anyone know of any good hair salons and stylists to get hair cut at?? a more edgy type of salon stylist is preferred    please and thanks!!
state fair later on!
can't wait for this long weekend   just 3 more hours & the weekend begins  and i can get out of this hellhole called work 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!  smile   smile 
"anyone know how to color hair professionally? i mean like licensed or close to it?? let me know, and i can message pics of what i would like done, and how much you would charge  i don't really wanna pay 100+ at a salon!!"
why am i up so early on a saturday morning??!
happy ncod!!  smile 
bacardi dragon <propfirst> is gooood   a bit to sweet tho
wooo  mad planet this friday for halloween!!
feeling a little sick    but still going to mad planet tonight!!!! excited!!!!
"anyone know anyone who does tattoos (sleeves) for decent price? and is a professional, who works at a shop with really good work??? let me know!!"
"i think its the dumbest thing that i have to be at work today     after work maybe doing some shopping, if theres anything left! ha"
"ok, i am definately done buying stuff for now!!  cyber monday   i hate you!!"
rip <propfirst> mccambridge   
freezing at work    its not normal for all of customer service to be wearing jackets ontop of sweatshirts  can't wait to leave 
"alright people, send me the <propfirst>! i gave in  bored!"
220 when are we going out again??! ha i'm such a bad influence  smile  remember that one time we got lost n were driving around for hours? lmao  friends for life!  smile 
"88 wow, i haven't seen you in a looongg time! from what i remember, you were a kick ass chick, and we shared a couple of classes together in highschool  i  love  your hair and style"
really done buying stuff for a while   but i can't pass up good deals    i think i may have a problem!
"my fortune cookie said \you will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime\""  haha   i hope wish!!"""
"? we are young, heartache to heartache we stand-no promises no demands-love is a battlefield  we are strong, no one can tell us we're wrong-searchin our hearts for so long-both of us knowing-love is a battlefield ?"
"take your baby by the hand and make her do a high hand stand-and take your baby by the heel and do the next thing that you feel  we were so in phase-in our dance hall days-we were cool on craze  when i-you-and everyone knew-could believe, do, and share in what was true  i said dance hall days love   love "
happy nye everyone!!
going to romine's for the packer game with <propfirst> sosa later!!!
packer kicked ass!!! time to go to la cage now!!
don't want to go back to work tomorrow!
"so   yeserday my car was hit while parked outside of work  and the b**** took off  the damage is bad  waiting my insurance company to call me with estimates  hopefully its not a total loss  oh, and if anyone sees a silver car,black driver, (hyundai accent 2001 or something similar with a lot of right front end damage get the license plate and inbox me) "
superbowllllll!!!!!
"$188 dollars to take rio to the vet for his annual shots and stuff  wait, what?! $188 dollars!!? seriously, thats a bit much     "
!!!!!!f*** yeah packers!!
freeezinggg
"attempting to quit smoking  had my last cigarette this morning  man, this is going to be one of the hardest things i've ever done   "
"attempt to quit smoking = failed  sad   now, trying to cut back, and then hopefully quit within a month    we'll see    "
b o r e d ! whats everyone doin tonight??
3 1 08  happy 3 year anniversary to me and my girl!!  love 
"people do not know how to drive in the snow!!!!! took me 40 mins to go 20 blocks stop n go, stop n go!!!!! on the up side, i will be a piece of <propmale> later  st<propmale>in my sleeve today! yay"
