cb7d8514845f706838d8557cb92fef11
"oh, to feel the power "
dmb tonight!! woo hoo!!
"one day it will happen, and it will be glorious "
thinkin i'll go for a walk 
ugh   
they say the first 21 are the worst; guess i'll find out soon enough 
i remember when i used to hate running; now it seems like a daily occurrence   
i've decided that asphalt is definitely a little different than a treadmill 
tired  need a day off  know i won't get one for at least another 3 days  ugh 
"if you haven't gotten your flu shots yet, might want to do it  it's startin to go around "
glands are swollen  don't feel too bad tho  ready for it to be done with 
tickets are bought  17 days and counting 
it's too bad the chinese food place doesn't deliver   
just watched the soloist  wow 
just watched an awesome knockout on ufc  glad it wasn't me 
9 days and counting!!!
nothin like havin soaking wet feet for 6 hours  ugh 
7 days and counting 
5 days left  gotta start packing 
just gotta make it thru one more night of work 
vacation's started  bags are packed  car's booked  plane leaves in the early a m  looking forward to a bit of paradise for the next week 
costa rica bound!!!
vacation's over  did i really have to come back home?
back to the daily grind  man this sucks 
does anybody actually think conan o'brian is funny? holy shit 
i really need to get the hell outta dodge 
ridiculously tired but i really need to go christmas shopping  doesn't even feel like the season   
wrapping presents  nothin like waiting til damn near the last minute 
"we never change, do we "
the only thing that could make this cold weather worth it is if it snows 
wtf! i have the day off and i wake up at 5 
damn!! what's a dude gotta do to stay warm around here!?!?!
damn it was cold today  and the temp is still droppin    snow in the future?
really wish i had my car back 
got her back purrin like a kitten  a few more things and she'll be like brand new 
people are strange when you're a stranger 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is an idiot  idiots affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for stupidity, but we can raise awareness  93% wont copy and paste this, many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste  will you make this your status for at least one hour?"
"as your attorney, i advise you to   "
oh snap  monster truck rally on saturday 
right when i think it's going to start getting warm again   
"just wakin' up in the mornin', gotta thank god  i dunno but today seems kinda odd   "
"bittorrent, i think i love you "
i can finally lay claim to taking out the mailbox at my house 
yeah   
i'm really tired of this cold weather 
really wanna grow the beard back 
finally convinced myself to buy cod  here we go   
hmm   
sometimes the music just can't get loud enough 
"oh, the times    the times   "
hopin some steely <propfirst> puts me in a good groove for the day 
i think i might be goin a little crazy right now 
goin all the way to miami and i don't even get to party 
wishes he had a pool at his house 
"believe nothing, no matter where you read it or who has said it, not even if i have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense  ~ buddha"
there are some things in this world i just don't understand 
is in serious need of a vacation 
just gotta get through one more day and i might be back to normal  fingers are crossed 
really need to get my windows fixed  stupid rain 
salliemae = worst  company  ever 
i'm definitely in need of something 
i hate having my computer on for very long  keep waitin for the death rattle to set in 
here's your sign 
they say the hardest part is gettin the ball rollin 
i have a feeling today is just going to piss me off 
"so where are all the \save the gulf\"" concerts? where are the t v  benefits with\",cb7d8514845f70683 laugh 8557cb92fef11,and people wonder why i don't want pets 
just wanted to send out a huge thanks to everyone for the bday wishes  all very deeply appreciated  for those interested: heading up to la hangout about 9 smile 0  come one  come all 
is thinking it's about that time 
waking up at 3 is gonna suck 
happy 4th!!!
"one function at a time, this phone is dying on me "
"let's go, tubesock! hit me!!!"
i want a new phone 
have i ever mentioned that i hate heartburn? ugh
i could really go for a massage right about now 
mom's b-day in a week     what to do  what to do 
can one actually overdose on vitamin c?
make em say uh!
dad's in the er  got hit on his motorcycle yesterday  he fractured and dislocated his ankle and had surgery this morning  waiting to hear how it went 
dad's in recovery now  didn't go into surgery until about 9 last night  had to get some pins and a metal plate put in his ankle  doing well overall  thank you to everyone for your concern and support 
so when is first official day of winter? i think it might be today 
had to triple check it and yup  it's 57 degrees outside 
i keep losing all my stuff! what the crap?!?
"holy crap, it's cold  i'm way too warm blooded for this business "
the system is down 
you've just won $50 million from the lottery (after taxes)  what do you do?
go bucs!!
it was all a dream  i used to read word up magazine 
what's up with all the smiley faces and animation? not really feelin it 
happy thinksgiving!
it's a bit <propfemale> at the stadium  looking like a great day for football  go bucs!!
you'd think that for as long as old people have been driving they'd have it down by now 
gettin a late jump on it but the tree is finally going up 
just killed an atm machine 
what the hell is up with the price of gas?!
