d07c8c46fa0f3d414e5dca1d1df376e1
happy new year!!!
"relaxing after an extremely busy weekend, before i gotta head to work  "
debating on if i should try and pick up my brothers house a little more   hhmm
get to go to work today     playful   wish i didn't have to
excited about seeing transformers 2 tonight  woot!!
"thinking i should go swimming, it's just to hot not too"
i'm so ticked kev and i had to cancel our party tomorrow    grrr    was looking very forward to <propfemale>ing out with all my friends again   been too long since we've done a group <propfemale> out
"disappointed that the party didn't happen yesterday, but least <propfemale>'s wedding was great and a lot of fun "
been keeping myself busy   but think i'll let today be a relaxing one
woot! got my degree in the mail today finally lol   almost two months after graduating
really hate having to work on a holiday   
"fun fun, 2nd week playing at church and i already get a solo  lol just means i really gotta practice"
its good to be home again
very bored
ticked   asked off this sunday and didn't get it    bummer  
"working another evening, oh well"
"enjoyed this evening at frickers with <propfemale>   not looking forward to yet another sunday      it stinks that i'm starting to not like them, just cause i can't ever do anything on them though   always stuck with church, lunch then work     oh well, only t"
"glad that work days over, woot!"
"bored, going to see what what my friends are up to"
"heading off to bed, gotta get up early   yet another busy sunday  "
"well that was fun and interesting   a couple at church wanted to know if i would be interested in playing bass in their band   thought why not   went over there today to listen to them practice   they started playing, i watched and listened   was able to "
started on service desk at work today    fun times there  lol
"think somethings going good, to come to find out i've been wrong   "
is ready for my party this weekend for sure
"fun fun, cleaning house for the weekend  then helping brother do some stuff on his house this evening   busy day at least"
is sad that my this past weekend had to end   was a blast!! enjoyed being able to <propfemale> out with my friends again 
"definitely a different kinda day, but didn't end so bad   then there's saturday! <propmale> will be home   least i got something to look forward to"
"my friend <propmale>'s back! yay on that one   but he's brought back a curse i swear   every time we get together, something happens to my car   luckily, parents are off on 30 yr anniversary   so i can use their other car the next couple days  just hate having to put more money into an old car, but what should i e playful ect from something 20 yrs old lol"
"ah, was so nice to go to steak & shake at midnight lol   miss the days of doing that couple times a week  fun stuff"
wish my car would be fixed already   p'towns throwing my dad a retirement party tomorrow  least i have something to look forward to tomorrow through the coarse of the day
"dad's lil retirement party from the city was nice   gotta get ready for work now though, bleh   hate my job"
yay my cars fixed!
looking forward to going out to eat for my parents 30th wedding anniversary!  my grandma and uncle will be joining us which is pretty cool
"running on 3 hrs of sleep, always fun!"
"weird how ya can find something ya like or want, when your not looking for it"
dead tired and needs to go to bed    
"got an eventful day ahead   working with the brothers father in law, then having out with my gf  taco's at <propmale>'s house for dinner and finally ending it all with a bon fire at my house   good times!"
tired from the awesome day i had yesterday   had taco's at bens and bon fire at my house   was just a good time all around  smile 
"great weekend!  had my dads retirement party yesterday, <propmale> out with friends last night and then had a blast at xfest today "
"well, <propmale>'s on his way back to japan now   so back to normal life, as much as i don't want to  "
glad i'm feeling better tonight after work compared to last night   was horrible   
"church this morning, then work later   sounds like a fun day"
"well def was an interesting day, but good   today was bera's 1st bday, was nice to be able to spend time with her and jenn least for a little bit today"
gotta work   boo!    but hanging out with jenn after  so it's all good  laugh 
tired and ready for bed    
looking forward to another evening with jenn
"sux night got cut short, but had fun while it lasted"
"gotta head to work, least i'm not in till 11"
"don't really feel like being at home, but what can ya do? oh well, all's good"
wondering what i should do   hhmm idk  lol oh well
"had a great time at my family reunion today   was nice to see family i haven't seen in years   just to bad the day didn't end like i planned, but what can ya do  "
yet another day spent looking forward to something  for it not to happen  
feeling cold    burr
"glad this days pretty much over, so excited about tomorrow!  will be awesome!"
"overall, had a good day yesterday  smile   sure some plans didn't happen, but still no reason not to enjoy the day"
been trying to enjoy what time i can get  smile 
taking the day casually before i go to work @ 4   fun fun
off to work *bleh*
"woot, got saturday off! should be a good day"
had a great day! walked around charleston falls and got to visit with friends  always fun
"got job offer today, so praying i get it!"
weird when things arn't what ya thought   go figure
"day was good, kinda boring   but no complaints"
woot!! got my ipod and halloween costume today! plus got to <propfemale> out with friend  good day  smile 
has been one heck of a weekend so far! can't wait to see what else is instore
been busy two days   ready to go to bed  
"was fun night last night, not so much fun today though  lol but all better now"
"to all my friends currently serving, my brother and father who have served   thanks everyone i love you all and are extremely proud  smile "
friend wamer leaves today and will be soon going to afganistan   always sad to to see friends go
gotta get ready for work fun fun
gotta love a day off to relax and enjoy  smile 
2 hrs before having to head to work    and they'll go by way to quick   
"three words for the past two days: crazy, fun, exhausting!"
today just seemed to creep for some reason  
wasn't a bad day   game day at the bro's house   plus had pizza and taco's    what's not to love?
"early morning tomorrow    will be busy, but got day off   so should be a good day"
just had another normal day at work
busy day at work    and now i gotta get up in the early morning   fun fun  
despite business of the season   glad to have a friend back home for the next month and well def like being able to see everyone on christmas  smile 
"well was a fun day   gotta <propfemale> out with <propmale> lil more    we went and watched avatar   was def better than i was e playful ecting    then course, didn't really know what to e playful ect"
looks like another evening hanging out with <propmale> and doing who knows what   should be fun  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
christmas over sadly    but gotta deal with the aftermath of it at work now   ahh!! lol  
glad the work days over   now i just gotta head to bed for another long sunday
had a good day over all   work was slow and extremely boring towards the end     lunch with family was a lot of fun  smile 
"woot, def had a fun weekend"
"i'll step up to a challenge from a friend    i am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost, i hope i am right! let's lift up his name and make a statement! sadly 97% of facebook users will not repost this    when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the few 3% repost this message"
took dog to vet yersterday cause he was in a lot of pain   he didn't seem to have use of his back legs  sad   he'd try to stand up but couldn't   so took him to vet   found out today what the problem was   he's been shot by a bb gun    soooo pissed off atm    
i miss him so much    
actually had a really good day   def was nice after the week i've had  
long day    going to bed   
ready for monday   
"been kinda bored past two days    but meh, can't really complain"
"love snow, just hate the fact i gotta drive in in  sad "
"came home and family was watching the <propmale> show   that's def different movie, but i like it   was nice to see it again"
"work was boring, but had fun moments with co'workers"
"had a good weekend, had yesterday and today off   was nice to spend yesterday with friends and today with family   watched my uncle perform with the choir he's in    was really good, plus got to hear him actually sing, which that was just amazing "
is enjoying being at home    work this morning was brutal    just nice to slip into comfy some pj's   
"slow day at work, but wasn't really a bad day   glad i have next two days off  "
might have found a guitarist for the band i'm in!! he seems interested in it
is just ready to move on    i feel stuck   
had a good day overall   work was so so  but that's work   excited for tomorrow   get my new phone   woot!!
"for me was a good day, worked on a song for praise team  didn't think  i'd get one this hard, but nothing wrong with a challenge   my dad on the other hand hasn't been so great for him   his uncles in the hospital and not doing well    and neither is his grandma    so tried to cheer him up by taking him out to eat and asked <propmale> to join  which he did, just ask for prayers for my dad and the family "
"welp   good news and bad news     great grandma is outta the hospital and in the nursing home, so she's doing better   bad news is dad's uncle <propmale> died this evening  sad *  so a rough day  "
"welp, had a busy weekend    nice that i can actually enjoy the next couple days"
"atm  i just can't help but feel so pissed off   lady that is an adult leader in the troop yellled blew up on my dad this past week   which was just completely uncalled for   it's got him upset, even to the point of leaving   she had no right to go off on my dad like that infront of the troop committee   for her to have done what she did, actually makes me feel ashamed to be an eagle scout that represents the troop "
get to use my new guitar and pedal with the band tomorrow   excited!!
so glad tax seasons over   woot! and looking like i can finally pay off some stuff this year    as long as my car doesn't break down on me lol
my bands show seemed to have gone well last thursday    was a lot of fun and again might have a guitarist   praying we finally do
"another busy day done and over with    going to driving range in the morning with my dad, so should be fun  laugh "
"went golfing with dad today, hobo dinners at <propmale>'s and then ended day with praise team practice    was a good day  laugh "
today feels so bleh compared to yesterday lol
incontimplation on something that's come up   very tempted to take the opp   but gotta really think about it before doing so
"crashed last night at brandons, went fishing with <propfemale> and spent evening with my family   was def a good time  smile "
woot kings island in the morning!!!
"all and all i had a fun day   practice with the band, <propmale> out with <propfemale> during the afternoon and then <propmale> and <propfemale> for the evening    def no complaints   plus finding out <propmale> decided to join the band as lead guitar really made my day  laugh "
"welp, today wasn't all that great    but tomorrow should be pretty good"
having to write all the chord changes for the new guitarist along with the lyrics for our songs    this is going to be a long process      least so far two done    only 9 more to go   
"was able to get a few songs done for the guitarist   now just not looking forward to going to work   *bleh*   oh well least i'm out at 10 smile 0 and not 11   half hour difference i know  but meh, just feels nice knowing i'm not in till 11  lol"
"went to mayhem festival yesterday went <propmale>    was awesome!!  got to finally see chimaira, shadows fall, lamb of god, 5 finger death punch, <propmale> zombie and korn    fieldy is an amazing bassist  "
dinner for schmucks was hysterical! gotta see it again   and def buying when it comes out
watching dinner for schmucks with bens family   woot! time to laugh uncontrollably lol
haven't felt so low about myself   in a very long time  
"customer bought a whole cart full of toilet paper   first thing that came to mind was \is he living off of hot pockets?\"" lol"""
another day of work   oh joy
the joys of locking my keys in my car     doh!!
seriously? i have one day a week that i can't work   and yet i am now working on that one day   grrr
watching <propfirst> and staying out at the manor by myself this weekend has deffinately felt a little weird
"day didn't turn out like i thought   but was still good   helped my brother get closer to finishing his living room, <propfemale> out with <propfirst> and <propfemale>   then spent the evening with my dad watching a movie   alls good  laugh "
"had a good day   got my hair cut, <propmale> out with <propfirst> and <propfemale> again   bens in town woot! that's always fun   then topped it off with a nice drive with <propfemale>  smile "
"slow day at work, but besides that was a fun day  laugh   went to heritage festival, helped brother finish his living room and watched movie at brandons after work   excited about heading to cinci tomorrow, woot!"
went to cinci with <propfemale> to visit with <propfirst> and watch the labor day fireworks  evening was a lot of fun and fireworks were amazing!!
"been busy past couple days, but also been a lot of fun   back to work though now   oh well   lol"
"another day of late breaks across the board and just trying to keep caught up   oh well, least it'll be over at 11"
"hmm   what to do, what to do    hhmm"
the day was pretty good   but getting to spend the last hour of the day with <propfemale>   made my day a whole lot better  smile 
"gotta get ready for another day at work, oh joy!!! but saturday will be here soon enough, so no worries  laugh "
"working 4-11, but got tomrrow off  so can't wait!!  plus hanging out with <propfirst> and <propfemale> after work  laugh "
"got in late last night, but was well worth it  smile   working 4-11 tonight, but then off next three days"
been busy two days   at least i have a littme bit of time to relax and freshen up before praise team practice   hopefully tomorrow i can finally get the front tire fixed on my car   been driving me nuts with the fricken squeaking   lol
"welp, wasn't able to replace the rotar cause stupid screw head stripped grrr   now going to have to take it into a shop    oh well, least i have something to look forward to this evening"
"work this evening, then full weekend ahead   going to be busy, but sure i'll find time for some fun  smile "
"been a busy weekend, but was a good weekend"
after what i just saw   i wanna burn out my eyes     
"(2 <propfirst> 2:9)  so you can count on it: when you are faithful and patient through trouble, god will, in his time, exercise options of deliverance that are far beyond what you ever dreamed!"
"they that wait upon the lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not weary; and they shall walk, and not faint  (<propmale> 40 smile 1)"
really miss having a dog   
bubbles!!!!!! lol
got one thing to say about last night    fog machines are soooo much fun  smile 
feels good to almost be done with my work day already   lol   just wish i got more sleep last night though   oh well
wooootttt!!!!!!!!!! i just had a phone interview and they wan't me to come in and meet the guy i'd be directly reporting to   woooooottt!!!!!  *super excited!!!!*
wooot!!!! interview friday at 9 smile 0!!!!!!!!
excited for tomorrow   but starting to feel lil nervous
everything seemed to go real well and they still sound interested in me  smile 
getting ice cream wjth brother and his wife  smile 
i can't wait till i leave this job    
i start at <propfemale> on the 25th  smile 
finally was able to let one of my managers know about the job   so just two more weeks   woot!
had another guitarist check us out   hopefully he is interested in staying with us   he picked up on the songs like we hoped the last guitarist would
"welp, time to get one of those stupid pink liscenses   been dreading it ever since i saw the change    *bleh*"
going to bd's mongolian grill   should be fun  smile 
"been a good weekend   able to spend time with family and friends   eventhough i had to work on my bday, still was a lot of fun   thanks to the random happy bday phone calls i got at work   lol"
finally going to bed   that was fun    what?! lol
"home now, but was nice to see family i hadn't seen for almost a decade   "
its <propfemale> unfair   kids these days have way cooler toys
wow   i really do drive a pos now   my muffler fell off lol
amazing how time flies when you actually enjoy your job  laugh 
"welp, been a long, busy week and will coming home tomorrow "
had a fun weekend with friend at our halloween party   smile   back to real life and work tomorrow
finally watched die hard 2    man am i behind the times   lol
back to work till 5 then off to band practice   going to be fun  laugh 
welp off to try and make the most of my evening
"back to work till 5, then praise team at 7 smile 0   lifes keeping me busy, but it's all good  smile "
"watching movies and hangoing out tonight after work, woot!"
"hhmmm, what to do when i get off work?  meh i'm sure i'll figure something out, lol"
"woot! movie night when i get off work, hahaha!"
woot! i don't work next weekend! 4 day weekend hahahaha!
happy thanksgiving everyone  laugh 
had an awesome thanksgiving weekend  laugh   enjoyed seeing everyone
welp probly just another night of going home after work and watching a movie before heading to bed  smile 
"weekend was fun, now to see what the new week brings"
"hope to finish the project today, getting tired of doing the same thing over and over  lol  *fingers crossed*"
picking out a christmas tree with my dad  smile  good times
"first day back at meijer in three weeks   haven't missed it, but least its busy  smile "
"had our tree up for 2 days before it fell over while decorating it lol   after that happened, mom got her <propfirst> brown christmas tree after all     it's still a nice tree though  laugh "
woot! weekends about here and wamer & <propfemale> get in tonight! will be fun  smile 
"had a great weekend, too bad it had to end  sad   but just have more fun to look forward to  smile "
"busy busy night ahead, but it'll be fun  smile   never a bad time when ya get to play music   then tomorrow hopefully get to <propfemale> out with wamer! woot!"
had a great weekend  smile   hope everyone had a great new years weekend
"been a busy week, but it's been fun   looking forward to dinner with an old friend tomorrow and course friends reception sat  laugh "
had an awesome night last night!!!! woot! lol  now it's time to get ready for wamers reception and another good night to be had
"after today, life returns to its norm   booo  lol"
"band practice tonight, interview tomorrow night and dinner with an old friend friday   def looking forward to friday the most"
"welp not sure what to think about the interview tonight after work, but i'm sure it'll go well"
well the interview went really well last night  laugh   however i have dinner tonight with my friend and her husband   so excited!!!
made it official   my last day working at meijer will be this sat  smile 
somehow managed to leave home without my wallet   and i need gass     great       welp hopefully i make it home
still miss him    can't believe it's been a year  sad 
too funny   showed up for my last day and didn't have to work it
"bowling night with dad, brother and uncle   good times  smile "
90 day probationary period at work is over   glad i found a place that can and wants to keep me lol
hhmm   need more photo's so i actually have some to choose from   but not really big on taking photo's of myself   oh well lol
dads surgery starts tomorrow at 10 smile 0am
everything went well with dads surgery   he's home now and tired   thank you everyone for your prayers and concerns  smile 
welp time to get outta the house and <propfemale> out with friends  smile 
had a good weekend  smile   spent  thewhole weekend with friends and course yesterday afternoon at <propmale> and <propfemale>'s
hhmm   it's kinda a two sided coin    one side   bad weather could make it to where i don't have to go to work tomorrow   so plus is get to sleep in and not drive in weather    other side    don't have vacation days i can use so i can still get payed if they do shut down   
took 50 mins to clear off my car    lol  
woooott!!!! i'm going on a date!!!!!  laugh 
is nice to get outta the house again  smile 
super bowl party at the church    woot!
had a great weekend  smile  felt like i lived at the church but it's all good lol   the worship conference was amazing and super bowl party was a lot fun
"have known of this concept for awhile, but couldn't remember where it was, found it  smile  \\\whoever loves discipline loves knowledge"," but he who hates correction is stupid \"" proverbs: 12:1\"d07c8c46fa0f3d414e5dca1d1df376e1,"today def started out better since it didn't take 1 5 hrs to get to work  lol  have band practice this evening, should be fun  smile "
