ccadbb37d6fdbcd03132798a81c1f8be
right now    my life is infinite win  smile 
i totally just reactiviated this accountttt
running errands with the fammm
i helllla saw shireen at wendys hahaha
how do u an interpret a dream where ur a drug dealer    that was weird haha
i hate this ear problem  i can't hear anyyythinggggg!
just got home    that <propfemale> is a funny one
i wont let you fall a p a r t
rapidly reaching the end of atlas shrugged
not sure how i feel about this   
i guess its gonna be alright after all
school today     only 4 more days!
i always have a plan  smile 
i need iced coffee     baddd haha
i was supposed to talk to <propfirst> tonight   
just signed up for twitter    should be interesting
so today will pretty much be filled with a huge review session so i can ace the math final tomorrow
study study studying
i should still be studying but    whatever haha
last day of school!
hookah spot
hookah spot was funnnn
i cant wait to see the e playful ression on your face when u open the door fat ass
i hate the past today
i dont wanna do anything today
i feel so    taken advantage of
i totally don't care anymore
being depressed is extremely exhausting    hopefully tomorrow turns out better
trying not to think about it    ill probably be watching and reading true blood all day
i really need something to get my mind off of this
<propfemale> sometimes
damnnnnn i never e playful ected that lol
i think the rest of the week will go by perfectly now
im tired of getting home at 2 am
totally got 3 new nin cds today    trent=god
yayyyyyy i'm gonna see manson!!!!
hopefully going to see manson in august! and also hopefully getting an iphone
is going to see manson august 29th!
is at home    resting after a crazy night
i love counting crows
i slept in hellllla late today
at the hookah spot with shireen
ready for another day
some people have the uncanny ability to bring up things i'd rather not talk about
"tonight i miss someone, but i don't know who"
going shopping today  smile 
i made a deal with my brother: i stop swearing he stops being an ass  so far so good lol
"don't say that its over, i'd kill to be closer"
i realllyyy slept in today haha
hahaha last night   
"ultimate hangover cure: 5 pepsis, a huge hamburger, and making fun of people all day long"
hanging with shireen today
just got home    tired!
no he cant read my poker face
ready for another day   hopefully i actually leave the house this time haha
headache     i hate my glasses
i'm getting tired of wishing for you
the smallest things make me so happy  smile 
i made tons of delicious cooookiessss haha
thinking about a tattoo
making origami with minuscule pieces of paper haha
shireen and i found pix of us in 8th grade    goth much?
starting a diet today ugh
somebody loves me
off to work i go
ready for the weekenddd
family stuff all weekend
hanging with the grandparents today
still making origami    and thinking of someone   
sup  b 
shopping today with my mom    and pretty much got my tattoo figured out  wink 
in his mind <propmale> called it a yellow note
just woke up and ready for the day  smile 
i love sublimeee  smile 
always crashing in the same car
i just woke up     damn i need to fix my sleeping schedule haha
hookah with shireeenyyyy  smile 
going to buy textbooks today
$800 for books  shit 
increasingly wants to gtfo of chico
my plans are totally messed up  dammit
"work later, then fun tonight  smile "
i have a weird feeling about tonight
why the fuck am i up this early 
i have no <propfemale> today
sharpening pencils and trying not to think of that one person who makes me really mad
eating reeses cups ice cream and thinking about my tattoo
an interesting day is ahead of me
hungryyyy i just watched 2 hours of <propfemale> la bam and <propmale> & big
getting my iphone tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i lost him   
"iphone tomorrow, fun on friday, then school starts monday  smile "
i love having someone to talk to  smile 
running errands with the parents before i get my phone  smile 
"new number, message me if you want it  smile "
had the best night last night
i dont want my good mood to wear off
i love breakfast  smile 
gonna go eat chinese food yayyyy
school tomorrow    and hopefully the right iphone
school today from 10-1
yessss best buy fixed the iphone problem i had a great day back
actually looking forward to tomorrow
"had a pretty good day today, hopefully tomorrow will be just as great  smile  hella tired tho"
doing homework    pretty much all reading out of the books
one more day until <propfemale> manson  smile 
theres no way out of this whole world even if you try
resting up before i go to work
definitely procrastinating tonight
aaaah where is my shireeenyyy we aren't done making fun of people come baaaack lol
manson show tonight  smile 
manson show was awesomeeee
another week starts tomorrow  smile 
feels bad for giving him a hard time    lol
hopefully a better day starts tomorrow
feels good man
heading to school
my parents put an obama-joker picture on our fridge  is this win?
just got home from work
just woke up from an accidental nap    gonna partayyy it up tonight    maybe
sleepin innnn
homework all dayyy
spent all my birthday money already    rock & republic jeans and an <propmale> hardy track suit
transferring music from ipod to iphone is taking foreverrrr
today is my birthday!!! 19 wooootttt
had a great 19th birthday
math homework actually makes me happy? wtf
"a blind fish, swimming in the cave of aloneness"
"i reallllyyyy hope im not getting sick, i have way too much studying to do this weekend"
ready for the weekenddd  smile  eating pizza yayy
work in a bit
and everybody's been there and i don't mean on vacation
"we could be heroes, just for one day"
well this night turned out interesting   
totally procrastinating  smile 
"we were gonna be the wildest, the wildest people they ever hoped to see"
im having such a good dayyyy yayyyy i have a cohasset friend  smile 
i just got home now off to do homework for the rest of the day ugh
"its a lifetime decision, recovering the satellites, and all anybody really knows for sure is that you're gonna come down"
eeee maybe i met a dude  smile 
starting on my homework
listened to every single nin cd today     i wish there was moooooreeee
i got both more and less homework done last night than i thought i did   
why cant i just finishe up these last two powerpoint slides so i can be dooooneeee argh
tomorrow should be great  smile 
"bio presentation today, then fun tonight  smile "
getting ready   
had an amazing night    cohasset will never be boring again  wink 
hanging out with <propfirst> again after work  smile 
good night tonight  smile 
'<propfemale> the hood' is growing on me   
another 2 smile 0 am   
had a great day with a great guy
"boy, its the little things you do that make me smile  smile "
i wonder where <propfirst> is
im extremly irritable today   
he cheered me up smile )
he sure is somethin special  smile 
i get to see that one guy today
so theres this guy       smile 
studying allllll day so i can spend the whole weekend with my guy  i dont mind though  smile 
update by shireen's request: this weekend is gonna be a shireen and <propfirst> weekend!!!! hell yeahhhhh girl we're gonna partayyyyy it uppp on yo birthday shaneequa  smile 
i am like starvinggggg
<propfirst> acret: your weird  shana: i read this shit inthe newspaper ok  its not my fault that crack heads are improvising
ugh i feel sick    but at least i got to see my man today  smile 
weekend starts tomorrow at 1 pm  laugh 
hanging with <propfirst> soon  smile  my parents bought me in n out epic winnnnnnn
he's been gone five minutes and i already miss him    rebelution was awesommmeeeee  smile 
gonna party it up with my favorite people tonight  smile 
and all i need is him by my side
made hella cookies with <propfirst>  smile 
there are more than 24 hours between me and that boy
idk what to wear today!!!!
had an amazing day with my mannn
who is <propfirst> galt?
<propfirst> i miss you alreadyyyy baby
i hate cold weather
seems like the only thing that i think about is you all the time i have no words to e playful ress the way i feel about you i found my hearts <propfemale> baby its you
let the lovin take ahold cuz it will if you let it
i just trapped the hugest mosquito ever in a glass  ew 
damn i still got 3 hours before i see him again
happy to be homeeee
cold weather makes me have no motivation
feels really stupid right now
tell your mother this isnt a communist day care center
long day today    gonna have to get some coffee  smile 
"i watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor  that's my dream  that's my nightmare  crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight    razor    and surviving "
might see <propfirst> today?
waited until the last second to finish my hero myth for mythology    and it turned out better that way  nighttime is always more creative  smile 
i so dont feel like going to class today
aint nobody gonna catch me ridin dirty
gonna get alllllll my homework done  smile 
<propfirst> loves me!!!!!!
its whatever  i know who i am and that's all that matters  wink 
where is heeeeeee
"i'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me   "
i love stealing his clothes  smile 
i have the worst sore throat ever  owwwwwwwwwwwie
"even though i've been sick everything is great: spent the past 2 days with my main man, made hella bank, and i'm happier than everrr  smile "
antibiotics are doing their job already    yayyyyyy!
is such a liege
has an emergency dentist appointment today    teeth are killing meeee
i love <propfirst>'s new macbook this thing is pimpinnn  smile 
i love <propfirst>  smile 
took a 2 hour nap    on accident ugh
the right kind of love on a sunday morning   
"my bio grade is looking up, and so is the rest of my week  i can't wait for <propfirst> to be here  smile "
<propfirst> is under the impression we're moving to ecuador  well ain't that a pipedream for ya
its a crazy wrld to live alone    a ball and chain i call my own
the first rule of fight club is: don't talk about fight club  the second rule of fight club is: don't talk about fight club
<propfirst> has a snuggie 
going to my boyfriends houuuussseeeeee  laugh 
"under the spreading chestnut tree, i sold you and you sold me, here lie they and here lie we, under the spreading chestnut tree"
had a great monday for once  smile 
i just bought a ton of clinique  smile 
"facebook e playful eriment - if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head  when you are finished post this paragragh on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you   seriously do this i am so curious   "
getting all my homework done    the party weekend starts tomorrow at 7  laugh 
i love being a carnivore 
i just downloaded clerks i and ii yyyeahhhhhhh lol
<propfirst> and i are making pancakes  smile 
i am so freaking tired of being sick!!
loves <propfirst>  smile 
really?
decisions decisions   
my boyfriend made cookies all on his own hahhahaha
"i want your lovin, i want your revenge, you and me could write a bad romance"
im gonna make chocolate chip cookies  smile 
<propfirst> and i are listening to the spice girls bahhahha
i'm super happy  smile 
i like when <propfirst> stays over late  smile 
i'm extremely proud of the fact that i have more than 700 sega <propfemale> games downloaded to my computer  laugh 
damn i got home way late    on accident lol
i love when you listen to a song and it reminds you of someone special  smile 
its friday!  laugh 
<propfirst>'s hemp tshirt is super comfy lol
3-day week!
dinner spirals!!!!!
i hope he is coming home tonight   
had a crazy night with <propfemale> markland
"they say misery loves company- we could start a company, and make misery"
hangin around with <propfirst> acret  love 
i love rebelution and <propfirst> acret  smile 
"yay friday!! only a week left until finals, and then i'm freeeee"
pass the dutchie from the lefthand side
making top ramen
this should be an awesome weekend  smile 
i called someone a bitch in a myspace comment    and now i feel all rebellious haha
has no idea what to buy her boyfriend for christmas    
bloodflowers  smile 
<propfirst> and i are 3 months today !  love 33
hangin out with <propfemale> and <propfirst> acret  smile 
"even though its not really the season, i made a blueberry pie cuz i love blueberries lol  smile "
hopefully gonna do something fun tonight  smile 
happy to be me  smile 
we could be heroes    just for one day
koool aiiiiidddd  smile 
burning cds is such a pain in the ass   
to party    or not to party    that is the question
spring semester starts tomorrow at <propfemale> college    maybe deaf studies will be right for me  smile 
oracular spectacular  smile 
going to get my eyebrows waxed yayyyy then errands with my mom and then <propfirst> gets home  smile 
"watching <propfirst> plant things in his greenhouse, eating bacon, and singing indian pop songs  what a good morning  smile "
lost comes back tonight!! yayyyy  smile 
damnnnn i want one of those celebrity look-alike things    i've heard i look like <propfemale> danes but i don't see it  any suggestions?
yay i just found a pink starburst  laugh 
i sware there was just an earthquake   
watching <propfirst> acret shake his ass lol
watching the dog show  smile 
is currently learning all that i can about dreadlocks so i can convince <propfirst> acret to get them  smile 
watching labyrinth with <propfirst> acret
no class until wednesday  laugh 
"here's to late night talks with random people about the meaning of love, eating chocolate even after i've brushed my teeth, finding out things you never wanted to know, trying to make facebook updates sound nifty, and violent j stfu i only care about shaggy"
   kinda wishing i was still asleep
autocad homework    forget that i want ice cream  smile 
thinking about buying a new laptop   
blood oranges!!!
thinking about getting some peacocks    wouldn't that be awesome? lol
i think im going to go make tater tots    lol
i love eating fruit late at night    randomly 
finished painting my room today- looks awesome  smile 
is gonna make <propfirst> acret clean his room today
had a surprisingly awesome spring break  smile 
"government paper done, and 100% on the quiz  laugh "
had an awesome easter! you're never too old for an egg hunt  smile 
i have jamba juice  laugh 
"just finished registering for classes  if everything goes according to plan, i'll be at sac state in the fall of 2011!"
"so basically, avatar is a complete rip off of ferngully  and a bad one "
"<propfemale>, what the hell were you doing on my floor, and why did you have to sting me?"
"can't wait to see <propfemale> peters, my best friend of 11 years tomorrow  laugh "
"dear dude on your cellphone: either sit down and talk quietly, or get off the phone  nobody wants to hear you shouting about your parking ticket  thank you "
"\ 'i see' said the blind man to his deaf and dumb daughter as he picked up his hammer and saw \"""""
is slowly but surely dominating this jigsaw puzzle 
<propfirst> is mad because the blender won't blend 1000 bluberries  lol
i seriously need to make cookies today    what kind hmmm
had a great time working at the farmers market today
"1 you just a ho, 2 you ain't a juggalo"
i wanna love ya- everry day and everrryyy night
it's 31 cent night scoop night at baskin robins    and <propfirst> <propfemale> and i are going to every one in town hahahha
might be getting some peacock eggs! yayyyy  laugh 
"on my laptop at school, downloading hella torrents on the schools internet mwahahahha"
making kahlúa chocolate chip cookies
is selling bread at the farmers market  smile 
"had a great weekend! now im making cookies, and <propfirst> is coming over for dinner  smile "
just put my eggs in the incubator  this whole thing has turned out wayyy more stressful than i thought it would be!! only 12 more days to go   
"woke up at 6, ran home to check on the babies    they're fine of course, i'm just stressing lol"
i am so ready for lost tonight    no matter what ridiculous thing happens lol
making donut holes!  smile 
going skating tonight!
will be keeping my fingers crossed all week
<propfirst> acret and i have been watching so much frikkin lost!!
"why\ haven't any of my teachers posted my grades yet     arghhhh"
"laying out by the pool, getting tan  smile "
happy 16th birthday to my little bro  smile 
1st day of summer session today!
enter the ninja
you remind me of the babe   
today is my friday  smile 
parrot or peacock? suddenly i'm leaning toward the former   
sushi with <propfirst> and some friends    awesome!
i'll give you television    i'll give eyes of blue    i'll give you men who want to rule the world
going to see fireworks  smile 
"dear mr  jones and mr  bermas will you please come to my boyfriends birthday party, oh and invite mr  ventura kthnx"
gonna make some super sour lemonade  smile 
"last day of summer session today was bittersweet  i'm glad to be done, but i'm gonna miss signing everyday!!"
headin down to la tomorrow morning with <propfirst> acret and <propfemale> acret! should be fun  smile 
at quiznos with my little brother
is too glad that she made up her mind to be happy about the decision lol
every time i listen to purple rain it gets more epic
so i decided to rip up the nasty shag carpeting in my room  not only was it disgusting but i found a condom wrapper 
i think i'm gonna make some aweosome cookies today    what kind   
new memory foam mattress is frikkin awesome  i come home early just to sleep on it  lol
working at the farmers market today then i'm off to the cohasset bazaar  smile 
yay we have dsl!
going tubing today and <propfemale> world tomorrow  smile 
thought i was done with this hard decision- now it's back again
"first day of class was awesome, let's hope tomorrow goes just as well  smile "
been researching study abroad programs- if i minor in russian i can go to st  petersburg- awesome!!
great start to the second week of school  smile 
got to talk to so many people in sign language tonight  smile 
had a great pre-birthday celebration  smile  thanks to everyone for coming!!
i want ice creammmmm
watching <propfirst> play basketball in the rain
today i am 20! happy birthday to me lol
thank you everyone for all the nice birthday wishes! you all make me feel very loved  smile 
made banana-chocolate chip cookies! yum  smile 
my group discussion teacher brought us donuts  i guess i don't hate this class anymore lol
gorgonzola walnut bread- i love working at a bakery!
today <propfirst> acret and i have been together for one year  i love you baby  love 
i find it hilarious that so many people on the class discussion board are freaking out about my anti-welfare stance 
playing flip cup  smile 
i love tea  <propmale> grey is my homeboy 
studying for geography yay
"last class got cancelled and i'm actually upset, i love logic! applying to csus tomorrow and then taking a campus tour on saturday yay!"
"san <propfirst> on the 16th, <propfemale> <propfirst> on the 24th and then halloween    geez this month is gonna be crazy!"
"arghhhh why does everyone else need to use the transfer center, i need my transcripts sent screw everyone else haha"
watching the hangover was my only homework this weekend    odd lol
is reading 1984 aloud to <propfirst>- it feels rather quaint
"so <propfemale> jones just called asking for a donation to the breast cancer fund and when i asked her if she was aware that it is nearly 9 pm she told me \yes maam i understand but our patients are dying!\""- that is no excuse"""
light a candle for the sinners- set the world on fire
treasure island fest tomorrow!
die antwoord pix are up! one of the best concerts i've been to in a while  laugh 
is in <propfemale> <propfirst> to see <propfirst> jones!
"97 100 on the logic midterm, 93 100 on my group discussion presentation- midterms went great to say the least  laugh "
just found out we can vote on campus oh what lol
so i officially hate california and these horrible election and proposition results  but the fact that rand <propfirst> won in kentucky makes up for most of it  smile 
no matter how high i turn up die antwoord on my ipod i still hear these annoying people talking 
wake up listening to twiztid with your bro- that's some gangsta shit lol
i have phone service at my  house now!
"<propfirst>- \everyone was so happy  even his hair started to grow\"""""
its snowing!
at&t finally decided to turn my internet back on- yay connection with the outside world!!
working at the farmers market then going to muds n suds!!
studying and listening to <propmale>  awesome
<propmale> zombie is coming to chico?! fuck yes!
just got back from seeing <propmale> potter!
i changed my profile picture to <propfirst> the homicidal maniac    i think that's a pretty good example of child abuse  wink 
"butch, i don't even go to school!"
i bought a clif bar out of a vending machine and it gave me 2 instead of just 1  how awesome is that??  laugh 
3 out of 4 finals completed!!
finals are over!!
jy maak 'n meisie <propfemale> jags
rip captain beefheart
<propfemale> christmas everyone! got some awesome stuff  smile 
"today my mom asked me who <propfirst> bieber was  when i showed her a picture she said: \oh that's disgusting!\"" lmao"""
going down to <propfirst> acret's to watch inception  smile 
i don't have time for gossip! i'm a fucking warrior not a housewife!! - me
happy birthday <propfemale> manson
off to ballet class  smile 
i love my leather jacket  smile 
sign language 2 starts tonight! ready to get back into signing  smile 
going to see black swan with <propfirst>  love 
this is the last time i drive home at 2 am  there was a horse in the middle of the road and a drunk guy who came up behind me at 70 mph  i don't need that shit lol
the smallest minority on earth is the individual  those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities - ayn rand
"got my sign name tonight! the word \nice\"" initialized with the letter s  smile """
getting some homework done  smile 
omg 3 <propfemale> yoga paper   
wat kyk jy?
<propmale> zombie tonight! should be awesome  smile 
have you heard about the vast libertarian conspiracy? we want to take over the government and then    leave you alone 
red <propfemale> cake was a success! i love baking  smile 
"well the bitter comes out better on a stolen guitar, you're the blessed, we're the spiders from mars"
how is it still snowing??
"geen fokken skaam, skriks vir niks soos die fokken son"
i love greek yogurt!
sign language class was canceled and i am actually upset!
"today was a succession of failures- got to butte at 9 smile 0 only to find out 2 of my classes were canceled and i had to wait around until 2 pm for the next one  then on the way home my tire blew out and i got stuck on the side of cohasset road    hopefully tomorrow is better, i mean how could it not be after this?"
ballet was intense today! sautés and relevés!
i have been officially admitted to sacramento state!!! yay  smile 
easiest test ever  the professor went around giving everyone answers lol
making cinnamon buns from scratch!
beat boy 
"versigtig, ek's nog steeds fokken giftig"
making an <propfemale> potato chocolate cake  of course even their cakes have potatoes in it 
"ivan: \shana crumbled up her contacts and put them on my face\""\",ccadbb37d6fdbcd03132798a81c1f8be,my mom and i are obsessed with the vampire diaries  i swear we watched like 5 episodes today lol
boysenberries are the gods of all other berries
going to play bingo!
only in my house would the entire family engage in an hour long conversation argument about how many continents there are  we're still tied between 6 and 7
umshini wami
wat pomp julle?? hierdie my afrikaans post vir vandag
lemon - <propfemale> cookies were a success!!
