e6e1f59145295a2dc146303442c3c0a2
maybe it's time to give up
i'm done  sometimes you just have to know when it's time to let it go 
"i think that whoever makes the cases for pills should make the \child protective packaging\"" easier to open or not call it that!!!"""
feeling sick and a little insecure  
it's just one of those things that makes your heart drop  one of those things that you know you shouldn't look because it will make things worse but you just have to look anyways   
hadda good night smile  the bad things in life are seeming so much smaller and the good things are looking amazing smile 
going camping with the fam today and then going to the lake with the other side of the fam tonight  busy day haha smile 
ughh 7 in the morning is too early!! it should be illegal to make ppl get up that early! and it should deff be illegal to make someone run a mile that early!!
me: \haha i've had a good streak lately   hopefully it stays that way!  \,e6e1f59145295a2dc146303442c3c0a2,"other than being sick, sore, and tired   things are pretty amazing right now smile "
feeling kinda down 
"great, had a crappy day and i feel more shitty than i did before "
bad day  feeling so shitty  i'm getting out of here 
 annoyed  
feeling shitty and very upset  is questioning everything 
been down for the past three days  i'm starting to think it's not going to change 
i hate waiting  i wish i could just get it all out now 
not really feeling any better than i was 
ugh wish i wasn't up this early!! leaving for camp in an hour 
"i thought i could handle it, but some things just bother you endlessly, don't they?"
is dreading 6:45 am practice!! some things should just be illegal 
"for some reason im in a really positive attitude right now, i don't know why or what caused it, but i like it, i hope it stays!  smile "
"i really dislike two-faced liers  i'm not worried though, what goes around comes around    remember that "
is sitting in american history finding it funny that my teacher is being so stubborn about me sitting next to lexi haha 
"i'm trying so hard to be the best person i can be, but the world and other people in it seem to make it so hard "
things like this just show a person's character  i wish that people would  be un-selfish and think of more than just themselves  material things are not whats important and i wish that everyone would just realize this 
i had an amazing night with him smile 
another great night with ryan smile 
ugh i hate mondays! had a good weekend though  saturday: carved pumpkins with <propfirst> and his family smile    halloween: went trick or treating with <propfirst> and <propmale> 
feeling worried and very downn 
i don't think i could feel much worse 
is in pain     ugh i wish you were here with me!!
"going to bed, i hope i wake up feeling a little less sad than i'm feeling now "
"i feel horrible  there are no words i can say to change the past or reassure you about the future  i just wish that you can forgive me and that we can get past this  and every bump that occurs within our relationship  i guess all i can say is that i love you and i hope there is something  anything   that won't let you give up on me, or on us "
is procrastinating when it comes to my homework   again! i always say i'm going to do it right away   and then put off!!!
i already have what i want for christmas  and as long as he stays mine i won't have anything to ask for  smile 
feeling shitty? yes 
still feeling down 
"i feel like even though things are uncertain right now some how things will work themselves out; and although many people have let me down i have my family and my best friend (my boyfriend) to count on  i'm trying my hardest to succeed and be the person i want to be, and i'm not about to give up "
"i can't wait for the break, it can't come soon enough  it's wayyyy needed  can't wait to spend time with my family & friends and just relax  i'm hoping things work out the way i'd like them to smile  then again, things hardly ever go as planned!"
<propfemale> christmas to everyone! i hope you all have a wonderful day smile 
"okay, the break went by too fast! it hardly feels like there was one at all!"
"ugh, when will the constant headaches and stress end? oh yeah   when semester tests are over "
off to study the wonderful world of chemistry  blah! possibility of failure for the test tomorrow    99 5%! at least semester tests are done tomorrow!
"what do you do when you put 100% of your effort into something and you still come up short? put in 110%, and that's exactly what i intend to do "
headache and stress    perfect combination ):
"\shoes \"" \""legit \"" \""whore-head \"" talk about comical for being in a library! all thanks to elliott regis lol """
"i'm regretting missing so much school, it's been a nice break and i've more than needed it with how sick i have been, but catching up is going to be difficult  it's going to be nice to get out of the house though, since i've spent the last four days sleeping all day and staying in bed  glad i'm finally starting to feel better!"
rethinking everything once again 
"so,, i just tried opening a pop with a <propfirst> pin and it shot back and hit me in the forehead,, that just completely describes my day right there  except i've been more angry this whole day and i'm more angry now then i was at that <propfirst> pin "
why can't people just keep their nose out of my business? and especially have the nerve to put your nose in my business in front of my face  are you kidding me?
i guess it's time 
you know it's bad when you can't even make yourself get out of bed because of the sadness 
let down 
multi-tasking smile 
"he's a devil in disguise, a snake with blue eyes, and he only comes out at night; gives you feelings that you don't wanna fight you better run for your life"
"sometimes i really wish they made a \bark-off\"" for humans!"""
"almost time for work,, at least it will give me a distraction from everything and get my mind off everything as well "
"oh my gosh,, the flu sucks <propfemale> bad and i am so miserable! make sure you don't catch it! ):"
"highschool may love you,, but i however do not  done believing in things i know aren't realistic and done believing you "
the little boy from the sixth sense is so adorable!  smile 
ughh  time for work 
ughh i hope this illness goes away soon   i dont know how much more of it i can take!!!
