dfa7939e0fa5d3a30f57978b6ee79d73
happy new years!!!2010!
bay area!
i just wanna wrap you in christmas lights and say halleluja-hahaha
not much just trying to stay caught up in school  i just started an english class at the college  apart from that just surfing and hanging with friends  where are you working now?
haha try and fix that
bluh
"whats on my mind? \where the wild things are\"" being the greatest movie ever is on my mind"""
"\i'm gonna quote <propmale> on my facebook\""- <propfirst> thornhill"""
tired
"haha dude i havent even talked to mikey for like 3 years  i think i actually want to go to oregon the most, it seems pretty sick to me  you want to go to gonzaga though?"
dude how do i always screw that up?
i love music
christmas <propfemale> day!
<propfemale> christmas thugs!!!
change is good
trynna learn
peace hilo!
back in rip cityyyyyyy!!!
you make it real for me
pirate radio!!
i'm at later right now
"i'm cutting out, i need it"
i know what i want
i finally know what i want
do i care anymore?
i just wanna be close to you in the morning when the sunlight takes the moonlight
what am i doing?
do you ever feel like you're lying from the start?
fantastic mr  fox
done- i quit
baskin robins! (dos por el precio de uno!)
just kinda do a little shimmy of a dance to that other chair and it's aaaall good
about to e playful lode with bits of my stomach going into every crevice
needs water
i think everyone just became single
it's either accept me or except me
childish as it seems it'll make all better
i dont know what i'm forgetting
i've got more on my mind than i've got on my plate
the wind is howling through my room
i'm alive but not around
i've got to get away from the pain you drive into the heart of me
school sucks i quit
birthday bash for <propfirst> cash!!
sinking and drowning's never been so musical
damn i wish i had that voice
your faith has got to be greater than your fear
is hustling like a beast
"the top gets higher the more that i climb, i'll hop up in my spaceship and leave earth  i'm gone "
shitty computers suck!!!
the breakwall was longer than e playful ected
i'm not a leader and i'm not a follower  just let me do my own thing 
123 it'll happen sooner than later
"i'm taking a break from the world, who else is coming along?"
i'm looking forward to not spending the evening with you
just give me that simple song and it'll make my day
i woke up craving a bagel and cream cheese 
"i could die now, rebirth"
"hate in my heart, love in my mind"
"cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever"
"cause i'm up above, i'm in the clouds, i'm rollin' up, i'm lookin' down"
"there was a time when all i wanted was my ice cream holder and a little cream soda, oh well, oh well"
"don't need candles and cake, just need your body to make!"
date night was kinda hilarious
it makes me feel so fine i can't control my brain- why would they cancel freaks and geeks?
"you're a self-proclaimed champion, i'm a self-proclaimed god"
i can never find the right words to end something  xo
i quit life  i'm going to the beach
"but i got wise, you're the devil in disguise"
it's amazing
i heard about you through the coconut wireless
"i'm afraid of my own mortality, so i plan on losing it "
much needed trip
18 years old mofo! and two great presents from my family? yessss
enter galactic you and me
ridiculously jealous of <propfemale> cellier for going to the cudi concert
not doing work  cause i don't have to
banksy
"so i was racing this girl back to hilo on the panaewa stretch, she just didn't know it  i won  smile "
"give me some country strings and a southern drawl, i'll be good for the night"
"forever young, i want to be forever young"
if you you're looking for love then i'm lookin for love
i want new notecards to draw on
"soon after falling into a deeper psychedelic state to escape the prison of our reality, we become trapped in our own peaceful place which immediately becomes out sanctuary, a place filled with our wildest dreams, this is our new home"
i'm an eagle scout!!! yes!!!
"so i dont know about you, but i'm mad tired"
"school's over, i've checked out"
painting my board! smile 
is school over? yes  am i stoked? yes  did i just finish painting my board? yes  fin 
every time i close my eyes i see my name in shining lights 
we all graduated like a bunch of beasts- it's over!
"summer's here along with grad parties, beach and sleep!"
if i only knew your name i'd go from door to door
hot tub time machine!
so i'm gonna make an 80's throwback pop song complete with unneeded synth solos and terrible voice effects
soooo much watermelon   
"\if you run in front of a car you get tired   if you run in back of a car you get exhausted\""-nice one sai weiss!"""
"<propfemale> q, baby i love you"
blood brothers for life(figuratively)  we'll find that bar in the wall somewhere 
blood brothers for life(figuratively)  we'll all find that bar in the wall somewhere 
"screw you announcers, it wasn't a lucky goal, it was a goal!"
going campiiiing
camping at hakalau? best choice of the night
lets just enjoy each others company a little while longer 
what a fun day! not 
oahu tomorrow- yeeeeeeaaaa booooooy
mexico beats <propfemale> and lakers beat celtics!? what a great day!!!
suck it england!
back in hilo!
"the bible's blind, the torah's deaf, the qu'ran's mute  if your burn them all together you'll get close to the truth "
new favorite word= heyloha  we're breakin' boundaries and trampling ideas one culture at a time!!
u s  wins the group!!! yeeeeess!!!
shitty deal us   
"forgive them, even if they are not sorry, all the vultures, bootleggers at the door waiting"
i'm a martyr for my love for you
"so if you want it i got it come get it i'll give it to you baby, is the weekend enough?"
wow i almost just fell asleep doing yoga
"missed life, quits chances "
madly tired
"\she's so toasty \"" hahaha classic line!"""
it's so impossibly hot!
i just don't know what to think about splice right now  disturbing beyond belief 
i'm too quick9e soooooooooon
just keeps reaching
lykke <propfemale> and el perro <propmale> mar? i think so 
havin money in the ghettooooo
happiness is a warm gun
is floating 
finally got to sleep in!
"<propmale> jobs, <propmale> jooooooooobs, <propmale> joooobs wooah "
isn't finding scraggly little dogs named mustache in a parking lot great?
orphius melted the heart of persephone but i never had yours 
hmm broken cues and uneven tables for some public billiards? i think so 
"two weeks longer, we're growing older, likeness meets sometimes"
just decided to go for a hike
went traveling through the <propmale>
where will you be for the revolution?
blowin it up!
so glad i'm not in school right now
flash a hungry smile
so i just found my old cub scout hat and it looks hella good
do you remember me? i'm going overseas  come fly with me i'll give you all
what side is this anyways? i'm done
time to hit the volcano with me grandma and uncle
me say sleep time
i just introduced my 88 year old grandma to native fm
uuuuugh- i just deleted all my contacts on my phone
yes!! i just got all my contacts back
when you came in the air went out
i'm that man on the <propfemale>
i dreamt a helicopter crashed into my house 
bored as shit
"i like the tree tops, cause they're reaching just like me "
is in a daze
any man who knows a thing knows he knows not a damn damned thing at all
being on a boat to see lava pour into the ocean a week before i leave? good idea 
stupid no cell reception
"if my phone had a face i would punch it, because it needs to stop being broken  but then i guess that wouldn't really make sense   "
whooa! look out at the water! glowing triple rainbow in front of the <propfemale> all the way!! what does it mean!?!?
you stay classy hilo 
"did i just set up my dorm to be fucking awesome? yeah, i did "
voodoo doughnut or voodoo delicious? sorry to whoever i was thinking of when i was eating that raspberry filled voodoo doll!
good game of some turf soccer at 1130 in the middle of the city? hell yeah 
i feel sunbursts and touch moonbeams 
dude!    it's portland 
was going to a neon indian concert with miniature tigers opening across the river a good idea when you have no idea how you'll get back and you have an 8 smile 0 class the next day a good idea? i'd say so 
the pool side at the palms in vegas
what's that playing on the radio? why do i start swaying to and fro?
i've got nothing but time
hookahs and mcdonalds crazies at 1 in the morning? i can dig it 
i'm thinking not cutting my hair till after halloween so that i can pull off a costume just right is definitely a good idea 
office hos and ceos    check 
"\hey man! thanks for makin' my night! seeing you i know there's still hope!\""-homeless <propmale>"""
i'm sleeping
hey! lets go camping   
i'm ready to fight <propfirst> <propfemale> hirsch for giving me this stupid cold!
"yeeeeeesssss, banana bread from home!!"
fuck you morning classes
"hanging out with <propfirst> <propfemale> hirsch right now, gosh shes sooooo cool!"
"\you're alternative as fuck dude\"" - <propmale> esterline"""
mt  hood you look so beautiful covered in snow!
of montreal and <propfemale> monae you were amazing tonight!
and so no shave november begins   
why'd i have to lock myself out of my room on the day that i was gonna sleep off?
magic's all up in this bitch 
just killt it for some v-d-d's!
hahahahaaha <propfemale> cunningham
aaaaaaagh my brain be e playful loding!
44 degree soccer making it look like you're on fire in the lights? all right 
omlettes!!
me sleep now 
"better things- passion pit\\feelin' it "
<propmale> potter midnight showing is coming up!!!!!
shit yeah 
"i want to swim in the river, river why you gotta be so dirty?"
23 degree walk to class- whooooo!!!
"this paper's too hard i quit, i'm going out"
thank you <propfemale> cunningham for showing me that yann tiersen video!
i like cheesy scrotum
happy thanksgiving everyone  eat mo' turkey!
i ate soooooo much!
this is blowing my mind  why are people in hawaii already awake?
no shave november is oveeeeeerr!!!
who's down to walk 9 <propmale> to pick up a friend from the airport!? i am 
stoked to be going home!
back in hawaii and it's great!
damn you crazy wireless reception in my house!! i can't get through to people at the right times! hahaha
i'm loving christmas presents
so my chest is e playful loding and i don't like it
it's so hot i want to go swimming right now
holy moly me oh my you're the apple of my eye
why would you block the eclipse from me you stupid clouds?!
<propfemale> engle is back and now i can torture heeeeerr!  smile 
just made my christmas tamales!!
sooooo fuuuuull    
sasquatch tickets!!!
yes! just got my dads old school denim jacket! whooo!
me last day in the 808- i'll see you homies tonight!
"2 hours of indoor, diggin it "
"it took a while for you to find me, but i was hiding in the lime tree  above the city in the rain cloud, i poked a hole and watched it drain out "
bruuuh lost my water bottle
"rebelution, iration, and orgone- doooooope"
here's to waking up at 2 in the afternoon
boutta spend a few more hours on this sculpture  saturdaaay!!!
got two letters in the mail last night!  smile 
deadbeat summer en la biblioteca  bout to go recognize <propfirst> muir as the shit!
"let's do something tonight, <propfemale>?"
lunch breakfast time
let's do work
weeeiird day
"if you don't want to ride, then whatevers, i got the headers and webbers"
"oh my god, i want to finish this sculpture already"
come on baby light my fire
haha good job shitty phone
where is my mind?
meow4eva
stressin' bruuuh
sweet story bro
"hurla sick, hurla homework"
"was i right, was i wrong, was it you all along?"
flying overseas
let's dream and just forget about everything else
doing work en la biblioteca  hit me uuuuup
oh research paper  why?
soccer time
"goodnight world, i love you"
ha 
"if you were a surfboard then, i would try to surf more and, you would be the best board that i found"
stop following me spanish final!
i'm <propmale> and i think i'm the shittt!!!
fuck you spanish final! i win 
tallest man on earth  no doubt 
it's sooo hot
"forever young, i want to be forever young"
