2a9803801897e4b5a246d3db805d6d3f
just finished eating a fabulous dinner made exclusively from items purchased from the farmer's market 
"is at the library, so much cheaper than netflix "
is having a day that even molten chocolate lava cake can't fix 
is still not having a good day 
almost ate my wedding band 
"is getting really tired of hearing about <propfirst>   but its like a train wreck , i can't look away "
is home resting from a week long sojourn into uuism 
wants a new job 
"is laughing my ass off  my dog just tried to attack my laptop   i was playing a flash game with an angry cat as one of the sound effects   she started barking and chasing her tale, then lunged full body into a sniff attack on the laptop   she's still look"
"is flipping off her laptop   it took me two hours to find a reliable source to watch \true blood\"" online for free and the friggin modem takes a crap all over my happy little efforts for cheap entertainment """
is being tickled by husband
has 66 notifacations for not checking her facebook in over a week 
is really looking forward to one last week as a severely underpaid photographer   i'm so excited to start my new job!
feels really positive and hopeful after a long three months of serious money stress 
someone pitch me!  i'm going to see my brother and afi backstage all on my birthday!
does anyone need a job?  my one good associate cracked under the pressure and i'm desparate for help   must be good with kids and likes taking pictures and be able to pass a background check  grrrrrrrr
is suffering from molten chocolate cake overdose and is being publically cuddled by husband in a coffee shop 
in search of new years activity cuz my dumb ass forgot to make plans   
"she kicked! we have a confirmed kick, both <propfirst> and i felt it!  she kicked really hard, too!"
"very frightened   just watched a you tube video of child birth   is it too late to opt out?  i mean, does it really happen like that?  oh god, please someone tell me its really not that scary   "
"let it snow!  if the walmart in west mifflin cannot restore its power, i don't have to go to work today!  i have no <propfemale> to drag my pregnant self out in this crap "
"so, i'm working on the baby's room, which is at the front of the house, when i hear a knock at the door   right away i know its someone who has never been here before or someone who is e playful ected   for those who don't know, i have an inner door and an outer door   anyone e playful ected would have rang the door <propfemale> cuz you can't hear a knock unless your in front   i open the door to a couple of well dressed mormons   cont  "
"cont, read post below first   i'm a bit stunned cuz of next to scientalogy, i found the practices of mormons to be utterly ridiculous   then suddenly a collarless and angry <propfemale> comes racing around the corner head long into them, teeth bared, and seriously growling   i grabbed a tuff of her fur just in time, quickly informed the mormons that i could not hold her, and that she would bite them   they ran away "
i'm not doing anything   for once 
spending the day couch surfing  the whole phrase 'barefoot and pregnant' takes on a new meaning when your feet are so swollen none of your shoes fit 
"i think i need my head checked   yesterday, i had an appeal for a traffic ticket   i was all geared up to state my case when the judge dismissed the case cuz the officer failed to show up   i should be happy, right?  i won   here's the kicker, though   instead of being happy, i'm pissed off that the cop didn't bother to show up   someone please just tell me its the hormones  cuz otherwise i'm nuts "
"baby update: i'm taking bets  original due date june 4th  but she's hanging really low, so doc now says she'll prolly come early  maybe may 25th "
"what do you get when you combine a size 13 foot in steel toed boots, a dog who loves to trip people, and a laptop on the floor? answer: half a laptop   so until ffurther notice, i only have my phone to check facebook with "
"ugh, trying to do complex web seaches on my phone is so frustrating! can anyone tell me the next and closest tour date for <propfemale> cooper and <propmale> zombie? i must go to that show!"
"baby update  unless i naturally go into labor, i am going to be electively induced either thursday or tuesday "
"correction, if i do not go into labor naturally i will be induced on friday in the afternoon "
baby update  i'll find out when i'm being induced some time tonight 
"so unless the full <propfemale> causes some massive craziness tomorrow, i'm being induced tomorrow at 5am!"
no baby yet  full <propfemale> caused massive births and they pushed me back  have no idea at this point when this child will come out 
in hospital wwith all kinds of monitors and needles  and contractions suck!
we have a beautiful baby girl! serenity <propfemale> joined our world at 12:15am weighing a fabulous 8lb 6 4 oz and sporting a length of 21in! she has wavy dark brown hair and blue eyes (which i hope she keeps)  all ten fingers and toes present  pictures to come later 
we are doing well  get to go home tomorrow 
looking forward to bringing serentity home 
really miss having a computer
awesome news! my brother is coming to town! oh and we also get to go back stage at the mayhem tour 
"a very close friend has passed on sunday, i miss him so much   i always thought i had more time   we love you, <propmale>   and we will see you again "
thank you all for your birthday wishes 
contemplating chocolate pudding   
"call it a fluke but we like serenity just said her first word  \dada\""  she repeated four times on command!"""
looking forward to attempting to cook thanksgiving dinner   noy forward to working to working black friday 
and apparently i can't spell tonight
playing apples to apples with my friends  so stuffed!
"apparently being closed isn't good enough, customers really e playful ect you to service them anyway"
eating primanti bros for the first time  been in pittsburgh over 3 years 
ive always wanted to take up sewing
"there is something visually off about a man in his 90s wearing a lime green <propmale> hardy hoodie, high water pants, and argyle socks with <propfemale> loafers"
"lonely at work this time of year, no one wants pictures  rejeation city sucks "
ugh migraine from hell
it beautiful outside  its not very often that you can watch glitering snow flakes fall thru rays of sunshine 
still have a headache please shoot me
ugh
"really miss my baby girlies  \-joy"
"only an hour and a half left and i'm outta here \-joy"
"at bravo italiano for a family dinner nite out  45min wait  but the reviews are good so i hope its worth the wait \-joy"
"bravo was nice, worth the wait \-joy"
"*grumble* saturdays can be a drag  12 hours straight of walmart is the most i can take \-joy"
"maybe i come from a different generation but the only man that can get away with calling me baby and hun and sweetheart is joe!\-joy"
"just got called into work to cover someone else  this really sucks  i'm just getting over the worse migraine and was looking forward to relaxing \-joy"
"i really tweaked my back yesterday  leaving work early and going to the doctors \-joy"
i have sprained my back (insert inappropriate joke here) 
took serenity to <propmale> e cheese for the first time 
at urgent care  fell on wet floor and twisted arm 
"at cheeseburgher blow, not sure whose louder <propfirst> (steelers) or <propfemale> (packers)! its going to be a good game "
<propfemale> win the super bowl bingo!
just used soundhound to find fields of gold by sting from ten summoner's tales  http annoyed  www soundhound com ?t=ea9733324b2a746d9b273b7a8904753b
so full after dinner
