094669e553e4b59d613a6ab4fbacbd55
"bored as shit, if you wanna talk, ask for my number or give me yours"
what have i become my sweetest friend everyone i know goes away in the end and you could have it all my empire of dirt i will let you down i will make you hurt   
"would somebody, anybody, like to do something?!?!?!?!"
"ooo yeah kickstart my heart give it a start, ooo yeah baby, kick start my heart hope it never stops, ooo yeah baby"
one month till boot!!!! fuck yeah!!!!!! u s m c !!!!!!!
3 weeks bitchez
"oden! guide our ships! axes, spears and swords   guide us through storms that whip, and in brutal war!"
"don't take me under your wing, don't need a hand don't need anything, i've got a roof over my head, as if i'd rather be alone with me instead"
fucking a! pushed back again! this is fucking ridiculous
"close your eyes look deep in your soul, step outside yourself and let your thoughts drain, as you go insane, go insane"
back from a quest with <propfirst> to find the giant dreidel of doylestown
warped tour with allyssa!!!!!
"i scream without a sound, how could take away, everything i was? left me a fuckins lave, your face that i despise, your heart inside that's gray, i came today to say, you're fucked in every way"
"drugs will never bring about world piece, but ska sure could, bottomline, reel big fish was fucking awesome!!!!!!"
not in a good mood   fuck off
work
caps lock!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
      
never again will i go to jersey
"if you want me to write you from bootcamp then now's the time to give me your address, and if you want to hangout before i go then nows the time to let me know"
"shush girl, shut your lips, do the <propfemale> keller, and talk with your hips"
ghost hunting with <propfemale> and kelcie
"if you want me to write you at bootcamp, then now is the time to let me know"
"and you could have it all, my empire of dirt, i will let you down, i will make you hurt, if i could start again, a million <propmale> away, i would keep myself, i would find a way"
1 week
1 week!
two days to go and i still can't win in this stupid fucking town
11 hours  smile 
"leaving for bootcamp at parris island south <propfemale>, i'll see you all when i get back sometime in november!!!!!"
let me hear that thunder! that third battalion boom! that killer kilo face! from 30 98! and it sounds like * * and it looks so good
they were right when they said we'd come back and nothing would change
"my rifle is my bestfriend, it is my life      i miss my rifle"
"lights lights lights, lights lights lights, lights lights lights"
get up get on line
one shot there and its lights lights lights
"i'm up, they don't see me, they don't see me, they don't see me, i'm down"
n f l  efilnukefusin!
"pray for solace, pray for resolve, pray for a savior, pray for deliverance, some kind of purpose, a glimpse of a light in this void of existence, take hold of my hand, for you are no longer alone, walk with me in hell"
"take hold of my hand, for you are no longer alone, walk with me in hell"
leaving tomorrow!!!
"pray for blood, pray for the cleansing, pray for the flood, pray for the end of this nightmare, this lie of a life can as quickly as it came dissolve, we seek only reprieve, and welcome the darkness, they myth of a meaning so lost and forgotten"
leavin for philly in an hour or two
"outta here, flyin to mct, peace!"
this is campguard!!!!!
hopefully starting training on tuesday! fuck yeah!!!!
going to fort <propfirst> <propfemale> tommorow for bulk fuel specialist training
a-team=good movie
he was a skater boy she said see you later boy
"you know gerbils, like the food"
tight now i guess we mess around with ouija boards and get the barracks haunted
pfc tommorow????
"possibly coming home on a 96, friday the 11th to monday the 15th"
why did beyonce win a grammy? <propfirst> clarkson is so much better
"final duty station, mwss 172 okinawa japan"
1 week 3 days left here!
"comin home from february 26th till march 18th, let me know if you wanna <propfemale> out sometime"
"home for 20 days, possibly the last time for 2 years"
"wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy, grab my glasses, i'm out the door, i'm gonna hit this city"
"home for another week and a half, hit me up if you wanna chill"
"close your eyes, look deep in your soul, step outside yourself and let your mind go, frozen eyes stare deep in your mind as you die!!!"
"less than 1 week left, if you wanna do somethin let me know"
"theres a highway to, to the edge yea, once a night you will, drive yourself there, at the end of the road you will, find the answer, at the end of the road you will, drink your fear"
"peace out usa, leave tommorow for okinawa"
"in okinawa, fun stuff"
"i come down like a hurricane sucked up inside now i spit out the suffer, yeah, you say you want a revelation, revel in this my lover, your free at <propfemale>, is this what you want sometimes i wonder"
"roots, bloody roots"
checked into my unit today  friggin schweet
"with the error thats in my mind and in my soul, i'm driving bllind"
infiltrate   destroy   rebuild
"   your all waking up, and i'll be going to bed"
goodnight    finally
don't you know about the bird? well everyones talking about the bird!!!
goodnight
"rock on rock on do it dusk till <propfemale>, anywhere we go everywhere we've gone, don't matter what state what town what show, hell-bound blood hound goin nowhere slow"
"friday night in okinawa, i've already had authentic ramen, and sushi, so who knows what tonites gonna bring"
hahahahahahahahahaha did easter already happen?
"woohoo, the field day before the field day   and tomorrow is gonna be just another wonderful day  smile "
"if you wanna talk, skype is mhuffer, aol is defectiv3drummer, yahoo is drummer4life09"
"goodnight, pt, medical, field day tomorrow    yay"
"my small pox itches, i slept an hour and a half, i didn't go to medical so now i'm going tommorow, and its field day    "
freakin 0245 at the armory      
"woohoo, worked for 7 days straight, and probably another 5"
my smallpox itches      
i may start destroying things if my freakin pizza doesn't show up shortly
"possessions never meant anything to me, i'm not crazy, well thats not true i got a bed, and a guitar and a dog named <propmale> who pisses on floor, thats right i got a floor, so what, so what, so what, i got pockets full of kleenex and lint and holes where everything important to me just seems to fall right down my leg, and onto the floor, my closest friend linoleum, linoleum"
you know what makes me happy? the things that make you sad  the feel that i controls absorbed by the radio jag
straight outta compton
"oden! guide our ships! our axes, spears and swords! guide us through storms that whip! and in brutal war!"
"1,2,3,4 united states <propfemale> corps  pt 0500"
why is nothing ever easy
"\how'd you get the desert gortex?!\"" \""afghanistan\""       \""very well you win\"""""
"pt at 0600, i will die"
its all a roll of the dice
"saweet! gettin oc sprayed, riot control and shotgun training next week"
    i wanna get a desert gortex and go to afghanistan    
"just a roll of the dice, all it is"
    i miss parris island
"i hate learning school things, i wanted to learn to kill"
"for those of you who are proud to have gone through quakertown school system, i have a message for you, the <propfemale> corps taught me more about spelling in 5 minutes than 13 years of school there, the <propfemale> corps!   i'm highly disapointed in qchs"
"spreading hate and discontent, its my purpose"
"august 17, 2013, the countdowns ticking"
the deal has officially been signed
"finally off duty, managed to watch the matrix trilogy through the night though"
don't you know about the word?! everyone knows that the bird is the word!
"choice is an illusion created between those with power, and those without"
"i come down like a bloody rain cuts up flesh sky, pusle beating under, meat petals bloom in a bone garden, ain't no god no ghost gonna save you now"
"got my gray belt, just waiting to find out if i can get my green as a pfc!"
"you know what makes me happy, the things that make you sad, the feel that i controls absorbed by the radio jag"
fights fights fights fights!
"i am myself, but the people don't think i'm nice, don't try too hard, but yeah i only give advice, my days a blur, i don't have time to think things twice"
"ok bp i have an idea for you, instead of trying to save your precious pipeline and save money, how about you do what you know needs to be done and destroy the freaking thing"
"the quote of the day in the category of things my roommate should not say while naked, \does this look contagious to you?\"""""
"the leads are weak, the leads are weak, the fucking leads are weak? your weak"
earth    successfully    erased
fights fights fights fights fights fights fights fights
"sanitarium, just leave me alone"
"i hope this helps to emphasize    \i hope this helps to clarify    \i hope you die!"
we gotta take the power back
"chemicals in the brain so loud, decision making turning inside out, what you want can nobody else have, a swift injection to contain this spazz"
master! master!
<propfirst> belladonna is back with anthrax and a new album may be e playful ected!!!!!!!!!! this is the best news ever
nothin like being shoulder thrown at 6 in the morning
"so i said <propfirst> what you doin tonite, he looked at me with a face full of fright, and i said, how about a revolution, and he said right"
i wanna go to afghanistan     i wanna ruin osama's day
"my roommate finally realized something, ironing while naked is not a good idea"
"so i'm reading a news piece,and in it was a reference to twilight   i hate society"
you think your lifes more than a game of suits and ladders when nothing really matters
"its a not stop disco bet you didn't know bet you didn't know, nah its nabisco bet you didn't know, bet you didn't know, bet you didn't know"
"ah-yippie-yi yu\ah-yippie-yi-yeah"
halloween is gonna be awesome
"its not the right time to be sober, now the idiots have taken over, spreading like a social cancer  is there an answer?"
silvas gonne lose  smile 
 sad  i'm more disapointed with every championship
"despite my better judgement knowing the questions i'll get from the people i work with, i have a formspring, http annoyed  www formspring me drummer4life09"
"so yet again, despite better judgement i have a formspring http annoyed  www formspring me drummer4life09"
"rollet wants to be on <propfemale> status, permanently pregnant"
       
"peace out civilization, see you in 3 weeks"
house is the universal t v  show of the <propfemale> corps
"your eyes tell the stories, of a day you wish you could, recall the moments that once have, retrack the footsteps that brought us to this favor, i wouldn't ask this of you"
"i was lost in a contraption, took me days to find direction, suddenly the moments collide"
"and i find its getting painful to put up, with grown adults who actually believe, in unicorns and creation and god always takes their side, thats when my innocent jabbing turns snide"
i want box chows back
question of the night: have you ever shot a bull through the balls?  follow-up question: does that make them sterile?
2 years 359 days
"i can't get enough, i'm not satisfied, i've wasted my time with this daily grind, in single file lines, is this real life, i keep telling myself sometimes what matters is on the inside"
now i really do want a drink
follow the leader
"we seek only reprieve, and welcome the darkness, the myth of a meaning so lost and forgotten"
go figure
"how gay can this room get without being gay, the line keeps getting pushed    "
"what once gave live, now infested with plage, the lamb lies with maggots, the corpse bloated with rage"
"theres a highway to, to the edge yeah, once a night you will, drive yourself there, at the end of the road you will, find the answer, at the end of the road you will, drink the fear"
the idiots are taking over
    
"just when i think i'm having a good day, something always makes it turn to shit"
"your best friend is you, i'm my best friend too, i share the same views and hardly ever argue, eat spam from the can, watch late night c-span, and rock out to old school duran duran"
"one of the world's oldest men said the secret to living long is cigarettes, whiskey and wild women, i think i can live with that"
why is my beer so far from my hand?
why bother   i don't win
"willst du bis der <propmale> euch scheidet, treu ihr sein für alle tagen, nein! nein!"
"so when i can finally leave the country, i'm thinking of living in finland, anyone wanna come with?"
how many butts am i gonna have to cut before you people realize not to be dummies
"crawl on me, sink into me, die for me, living dead girl"
i want drumsticks that shoot out fireworks
"i have principles, therefore i win"
"pray for blood, pray for the cleansing pray for the flood, pray for the end of this nightmare this lie of a life can as quickly as it came dissolve, we seek only reprieve, and welcome the darkness, the myth of a meaning so lost and forgotton"
"just like the pied <propfemale>, led rats through the streets, we dance like marionettes, swaying to the symphony of destruction"
"your best friend is you, i'm my best friend too, i share the same views and hardly ever argue, eat spam from the can, watch late night c-span, and rock out to old school duran duran"
"no matter how hard you try you can't stop us now, no matter how hard you try you can't stop us now, we're renegades of this atomic age, the atomic age of renegades"
the idiots are taking over
wow is all i can say anymore
"i see angels burning, falling down in ruins, looking down i see me, i'm my own worst enemy"
i want to be a superhero known as tupperwear
"i reject this fuckin race, i despise this fuckin place"
you know your in the downward spiral when <propfemale> wars begins engulfing your life
"generals gathered in their masses, just like witches at black masses, evil minds that plot destruction, sorcerers of death's construction"
"\i plan on having long dreads when i get out\""\",094669e553e4b59d613a6ab4fbacbd55,i can't wait for the day where the phrase field day no longer has meaning
"the rage is relentless, we need a movement with a quickness, you are a witness of change and to counteract, we gotta take the power back"
because they lied!!
fuck me
"i want conflict! i want dissent! i want the scene to represent, our hatred of authority,  our fight against complacency, stop singing songs 'bout girls and love! you killed the owl! you freed the dove! confrontation and politics, replaced with harmonies and shticks, when did punk rock become so tame? these fucking bands all sound the same, we want our fights we want our thugs! we want our burns we want our drugs!"
"since 19, 19, 1985"
"the cost of my <propfemale>, sleep now in the fire"
"i swear, the world needs to put down the crack pipe for a minute and sober up"
"should i take all the stupid bullshit\what makes them think they can get away with it\i'm not happy\i wish they just   \\wake the fuck up!"
"when i get tired i like to take a nap\and you say group x steals a beat and that's bunch of crap\why would we ever stop doing that cause\'cause puff doggy do it except he cannot rap\been around the world from chicago to yew nork\it's hashmeer go, hashmeer go, hashmeer go, hashmeer\and the rest can go away, schwhat"
"fuck red mist, all that movie did was try to give me a seizure, and what a shitty ending! god! way to ruin my goddamn night, fuck you"
"holy diver, you've been down too long in the midnight sea, oh whats becoming of me"
"just like the white winged dove, sings a song sounds like shes singing, ooo baby ooo said ooo"
lord knows i'm a voodoo chile babe
"tonite we rock, till the guitah bite, and for those about to rock, we salute you"
"then when hes found who hes looking for, listen in awe and you'll hear him, bark at the <propfemale>"
"ghost hunting in ie shima, we'll see who makes it back tonite"
in case your illiterate let me read the rules to you!!!! that was the best and most intense game of monopoly i've ever seen
"but the day may come when you got something to lose, and just when you think your done paying dues, you say to yourself good god what have i done, and hope its not too late, cause tomorrow may never come"
new children of bodom cd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i need a bishop preaching fire, to get away with my sins, i despise everything i see, so i don't give a fuck if you hate me"
we'll ride the spiral to the end and may just go where no ones been
today is gonna be a bad day
grrrr    
who wants to go to 7th heaven and or the beach tonite?
who would like to join me in going to seventh heaven on saturday?
"so the japanese band guillotine is brutal, nuff said"
"so today i saw a book on how to use twitter    if you need a book to learn how to use it, thats a good sign its not meant for you"
    so now they put facebook updates into cars   i thought they had phones for that    i give up on society
"shakes hands with danger, meet a guy who oughta know, i used to laugh at danger, now they call me    three finger <propfirst>"
2 and a half years
     
