4927a0cfd9f7cd1c6ee789356f2b32fd
    the <propfemale> in wonderland rabbit has nothing on us      welcome to 2010 
is going to enjoy her day off and do some baking
work today through monday -- blah!
hates this schedule  work change already and it's only day 1
so tired    8th day in a row    tgif
"loves her new little kitten but i'm so worried about him   until he is litter trained he has to sleep in the bathroom -- and i don't want for him to be alone, he's never been alone before   not going to sleep much tonight!"
is going to bed early tonight as soon as the baby (kitten) gets his meds
today understands the importance of the path i took though sometimes i wonder if i made the right choices along the way
is enjoying her day off    just took a bunch of new pics of the kitten   i will pick out the cutest ones and upload them on here  smile 
this is it    today i take my boards at 2pm-- my stomach is in knots already   
well 75 questions later   i'm done    now for the horrible waiting   which is almost more nerve-wracking than the test itself!
", rn   !!!!"
what yucky weather    i really don't want to go to work tonight  
i don't wanna go back to work tomorrow  
doesn't want to go to work    this isn't why i got into nursing     sad 
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes!  i had a great day -- rj took me to the aquarium   i will post pics and vids later!
so i found an awesome apartment    looks beautiful    700  month --  first thing wrong - probably a typo for $1700 per month   second thing - its in a retirement community lol -- somehow i don't think i fit the <propmale>!
needs help finding childcare for a nurse friend   she works evening shift and it seems finding care for her 3yo daughter is impossible!  anyone have any suggestions or know anyone???
last day of work and then a night off    need it after yesterday    didn't get home until way late    lets see what tonight holds!
wants to urge everyone going back to school   or to school for the first time to check out bookrenter com -- awesome site where you rent your textbooks for a fraction of what you would spend to buy them from a bookstore   i loved using this when i was in nursing school -- saved $200 just in one semester!!!!  seriously consider it - how many of those books will you ever pick up again? go to their site!
tgif and payday    in desperate need of both! lol
"\common sense is not so common\"""""
thinks its the weirdest thing to be getting her shower in the morning instead of the afternoon! stupid work schedule
feels like superwoman when she gets all these little things done  -- but i still dont' wanna go to work!! lol
doesn't want to go to work today   i just want to curl up with a good book and forget the world exists
-- it's 1 smile 0 am    and i just got home from work   sigh   
wishes everyone a good first day at classes!
had a good two days off   now back for two more days of fun before the weekend off
got the job!  so now i will be floating between two separate jobs and school lol but that's okay   it will all be worth it!
--- full <propfemale> and old people    not a good mixture lol
wishes this weekend would have lasted forever  
doesn't want to go to work today   i want to clean and then curl up with a good book or a good movie   sigh
early morning trail ride this morning -- can't wait!   smile 
thinks this bsn program might just kill her yet   oi vey!
lie to me -- what an awesome show!!!
is struggling through these papers     sigh   one should never have to write three papers for one class in one week on top of work   bah!
   4 hours of class    here i come  ?
is dead    9 days straight of work   i will be up late doing school work    and then i still have three more days of work and school to do tomorrow night     sigh   i need a vacation   
is absolutely frozen to the bone but i had a great morning with steph and the horses!  now off for a hot shower! haha
is a paper writing machine!
day off!!! so gonna enjoy this!
"can't wait for this weekend to be over    last \have to\"" weekend at hh """
has a paper to write but no way to write it yet   sad 
is so happy to have a day off!
what an awesome day so far -- baked a double dark chocolate cake in a budt pan looks gorgeous even without the fudge drizzled over it!  and i made my kinda-sorta famous coffee cake for the gals at work -- now if only i could find the motivation to clean up my room after i destroyed it trying to oranize it! lol
is going to clean tonight
feels like hell but i can't miss class    ugh   
fourth kind = amazing
really didn't like hearing my alarm go off on this saturday morning -- at least i'm only scheduled for 4 5 hours! then off to the family holiday dinner
30 mph wind gusts + thick wet snow = unpleasant outside! haha   at least i'm inside now and ready to bake and sew! dad and brother are heading out with the plow in my dad's newer truck - we'll see how the beast of a truck does  smile 
"got an official 8\ of snow (in the non-drifted spots)  -- sooooo happy that my dad has a plow because in honesty i would shoot myself if i had to shovel all 400ft of it    lol"""
just (  again wink  realized how frustrated i am to have an entire apartment's worth of stuff (literally!) and no apartment to put it in    bah!
is gonna go celebrate tonight!  can't wait - this is the start of an awesome few days!!!
is off to the mountains for a weekend get-away --  finally!!!  so can't wait for this!!!  smile 
"happy new year to all!  2011 will be the best year yet -- i have the best relationships with people that i have ever had   i'm feeling healthier than i have in years   i'm getting married to the love of my life in october   i finish my bachelors degree this year (*before the wedding)    i don't think i could ask for anything more   2011 -- ready or not, here i come!!!"
is currently oding on sour skittles while procrastinating from doing school work thats due at 6 tonight lol    they shouldn't have given me a month off!
is off to class!
remembers days gone by and wonders how those days flew by so fast
did i miss something?? why does everyone have a color posted as their status!?!?
"black with purple, pink, and white patterned dots"
bed    work in the morning until who knows when and then off to an evening with my steph!
had a great night with steph!
had a great time in philly but now is exhausted!
is currently writing a research paper with the cards stacked against her   bah!
wishes this cold would just go away already - i don't even have a voice anymore!
catching up on ncis and ncis la    so happy!
work tomorrown then three day weekend ahead
thinks its time to clean some trash and clutter out of my life entirely and start fresh  smile 
thinks that if you want to know if your feelings on anything are legitimate or if you've lost it -- ask your animals   always honest and they never criticize 
legion = awesome  smile 
feels good - its nice to wake up and get that workout in!!
"new class starts on wednesday -- holistic nursing, i was so excited    then i opened up the book - chapter 1 is 46 pages all by itself    sigh   here we go  "
cardio yoga    wow!
got in an awesome workout this morning and yesterday my workout was shoveling! haha
i love my late work days   i can get such a good workout in before work!  smile 
is not digging this new homepage    
well   at least we can all look forward to a day off tomorrow hahaha  smile 
"well    half an hour of shoveling in and half an hour of screwing around lol   measured in at 8 5\ at 9 smile 0   already what i shoveld is an half an inch coated over - the heaviest is still to come!! yikes!"""
just made coconut macaroons and am in the process of making a deep double dark chocolate cake  -- yumm!!
just baked 7 dozen chocolate chip cookies   now off to do more shoveling lol    damn i can't wait till this stuff is outta here
boss just called   i will def be going in tomorrow    blah!
waiting until i get a call saying when i have to be in work    working until late tonight   that i know   yay   
so i'm working from 1-ish to 5-ish - only one doctor on and we are triaging most of the patients out until tomorrow when the roads (and the corporate center) are in way better condition
so tired    goin in at 8 tomorrow
rj and i have been together since june 2005  smile 
"\all that i'm after is a life full of laughter as long as i'm laughin' with you i'm thinkin' that all that still matters is love ever after after the life we've been through 'cause i know there's no life after you\"""""
i hate dragging myself out of bed early but i love being able to get my workouts in in the morning -  smile 
well it was turning out to be a good evening   was on a roll making the curtains for my parents bedrooms     then my brand new sewing machine decided to break and has to be professionally fixed          going to take out my frustrations as i bake something    sigh
"so my frustrations worked themselves out in the form of chocolate chip cookies, coconut macaroons and oatmeal raisin cookies   thoroughly exhausted now! lol"
my mind is bent    shutter island   go see it
getting ready for my presentation on reiki therapy tonight in class    stupid class til 10    then who knows what tomorrow holds with all this snow - however i have a sneaking suspicion that i will end up having to go in   oh well   money is money 
class over with    now we will see what tomorrow holds 
no work today -- a genuine surprise!   smile   so now i guess we see what tomorrow holds lol
no work again today lol -- was supposed to be there at 8 smile 0 -- got a call not to come in til 10   then another call not to come in til 12   then finally another call sayin that the roads are drifting shut and not to come in at all lol   what an interesting morning
vanilla fudge <propfemale> cake - in the oven -- yumm!
"has currently decided that her exercise ball makes a better chair for a few reasons: 1) its good for your back - makes you sit up straight,  2) good for your abs - makes you use your core to stay balanced, and last but certianly not least 3)  i can bounce!!!! lol"
i'm definitely ocd -- as i sit here color coding my workout log and separating things into tabbed dividers!!  lol
life is good  laugh 
first attempt at making bread - banana bread!  had some bananas that were going mushy and i didn't want to waste them so i decided to try the bread!  we will see!!
what an awesome day  smile 
work and then off to be early -- leaving for florida in the morning  smile   so excited!
sad to be back in chilly weather     it was so beautiful in florida   i will post some pictures after work today   currently i'm sifting through 5 days worth of emails lol   yuck!
"sorry guys - i am really curious to see what the psychic things say, i think they are fun   but the only way to see them all is to have them posted to my wall   if they annoy you, please block them from your news feed!!!"
got a new vacuum today - awesome little thing- electrolux intensity   its a small vacuum that collapses but sucks the deepest hairs and carpet fibers out of your carpet - gets everything your other vacuums missed   absolutely in love with this thing! lol
hey -- question for everyone   does anyone have  know anyone who has any dumbbells that they aren't using or even maybe looking to sell?  rj and i are looking for some to help amp up our fitness goals (especially him because he's doing p90x)   thanks!!!
reposting this because i put it up so late last night!------->          hey -- question for  everyone   does anyone have  know anyone who has any dumbbells that they  aren't using or even maybe looking to sell?  rj and i are looking for  some to help amp up our fitness goals (especially him because he's doing  p90x)   thanks!!!
bah    disappointments are so    disappointing!
is having such a good weekend  smile   i'm very grateful for it!!
good news to share:: rj and i are getting an apartment - it's official as of today   its in downingtown commons and is gorgeous!! can't wait!!!
going to pick up my cat that's probably very pissed off me --> i sent him for snip snip today lol
cat is home and is settling in   he's not so fond of us right now lol   i'm currently trying to get homework done but after such a long day i find my mind just wandering   bah!
i love getting up and watching the sun come up!  off to do a multitude of things today!
is cleaning   organizing   and packing -- can't wait to move! haha
its like pulling teeth to get me to do research for school   but you put something in front of me that deals with me directly or even remotely peaks my interest and i can spend hours researching it   my current research: are multivitamins worth it?
so what happened to 80 and warm?  its chilly out there!
just got back from seeing the cutest baby!!  congrats <propfirst> and <propfemale>!!
umbilical hernia repair today -- gonna be really weird to see my belly button after this haha
surgery went well   at home recooperating now
okay   so now that the anesthesia has worn off    i can barely move or breathe without pain   someone remind me why this was a good idea lol
everyone has an old wives tale for how to stop hiccups   so here's my secret:  have any kind of abominal surgery and you'll figure out how to will them away in a hurry lol 
well that was an exciting morning    now time to sleep  
"here's the thought for the day: \women are angels and when someone breaks our wings we simply continue to fly       on a broomstick     we're flexible like that\""    smile """
feeling better and feeling productive -- getting a lot done  smile   work from 1-5 today too
what a looonnnnggg day    didn't think i was gonna be able to work a full day but i did anyway  special thank you to <propfemale> for redoing my steri-strips and making me look purty!  lol   and anothe special thank you to <propfemale> for her awesome bank knowledge and getting rj and i set up!   smile 
"well, one week out from surgery and i'm feeling pretty good!  thanks to everyone for their concerns and well wishes - it was greatly appreciated  smile "
arg    i can't focus on my work to get these papers done   this is a serious problem    one that requires ice cream!  pretty good solution i'd say  smile   lol
stupid school work   ugh   trying to catch up on things following the surgery and i don't seem to be gaining much ground which is terrible because more and more work keeps coming down the pike!  oi vey!  it doesn't  help that i'm completely mentally obsessed with moving - i'm stressing over it and 10 days can't come fast enough!  a month from now i'm gonna need a vacation haha!
"one of the best moments for myself during the week is when i get home from class on wednesday nights   even if i have work to do, i'm definitely not getting into it at 10 at night after all day of work and class   its time just for me to be able to kick back and read -- i love it!  smile "
in 1 week i will be moving into my new place    can't wait!!!
so much to do in so little time!
"i'm looking for my sanity   its very small and doesn't often work, but sometimes it is useful   if you happen to stumble across it, let me know! lol"
gonna try and knock out this 6 <propfemale> paper    hopefully i can get most of it done before work and then wrap it up after work 
finally done my paper!! woohoo    now onto the next one   ugh!
for anyone out there thinking about going to or sending your child to immaculata university - don't   run very very far away or buy the biggest bottle of advil that you can find    oi vey 
"today, got up early to wrap up some packing   off to work from 8 smile 0-3 - then coming home to finish packing and load the suburban   going to the apartment after that to lay down the carpet   tomorrow is move day!!!  so excited!!!"
well we are 95% unpacked and about 50% organized haha   we're getting there though   can't wait to get it straightened up and have it feeling more like a home  smile 
tgif    i'm so very in need of a break!
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense responsibility\ & very little authority  you step into people's lives& make\ a difference  some bless you, others curse you  you see people at \their worst & best  you see life begin & end  you see people's\ capacity for love, courage, & endurance  ? it's nurses appreciation\ week  repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse, and or appreciate a \nurse5"
"happy mother's day to all the incredible mom's out there!!   we got the best in moms, now you guys deserve the best day -- enjoy!!"
"loves coming home and cooking a delicious, healthy dinner with rj -- i will admit that he does the majority of the cooking (because i'm flat out bad at it lol) but i keep our bellies happy with delicious baked good (of varying degrees of healthiness haha)"
"tgif -- life is busy, but good  smile   grateful for all that i have right now!"
loves having kerr park as her back yard -- off to <propfemale> with rj and <propmale>  smile 
"lol   so according to chinese beliefs, i am considered to be very lucky and fortunate person --- the number 8 is very lucky to them and my textbook directly states: \thus a person born on 8 8 88 would be considered to be extremely fortunate or lucky \""  can't say as i disagree with it   like i said the other night - i'm very grateful for everything i have  smile """
finally got to bake in the new apartment - something simple yet delicious -- coconut macaroons!  yumm!!
ace'd my hour long presentation on the chinese last night with my partner -- now that that's over and i have a week off from school idk what to get myself into! haha   maybe i will clean!
is proud to say that the apartment is back in tip-top shape again    well   let me rephrase that - its cleaner than the day we moved in! lol   shouldn't have rushed the cleaning prior to moving all the stuff in   oh well!  its sparkly now!
soooo tired the past few days - wish i didn't have to work tomorrow so that i could sleep in   no such luck   looks like i will just be going to be way early 
so i went to work today   got out 2 hours late because of the amount of patients we saw today    then go to rainbow elementary to say hi to me mum at the carnival and got roped into doing food and then cleaning up -- remind me not go say hello to my mom again lol
coffee cake is in the oven    yummmm!!!
gonna start p90x tomorrow  smile   lets see how well this goes
"fed the <propfemale> and gave him some catnip -- he's a happy camper now lol   lunch at noon with g-dad  smile    and then who knows - maybe swimming, maybe tanning   maybe both! lol"
omg   soooo sunburned - but it was totally worth it  smile 
just went to a very nice memorial day presentation in downingtown   beautiful ceremony   thank you to all of our veterans and men and women currently in arms 
just completed my first p90x excersice -- over an hour and man am i wiped out   muscles are shaking like crazy lol   but that just shows me that i pushed hard and didn't slack off   plyometrics tomorrow after work   don't think i will be able to move after that lol
so here's what i learned at work today thanks to <propfemale> mccown myers  :  deer ticks don't have antennae   they have antlers   and dog ticks shall now be referred to as dog fleas   just because lol   and according to our boss pedestrians are now hitting pedestrians and causing injury instead of cars hitting pedestrians   makes sense  right? lol
you know life is good when you wake up with a smile on your face every day - even despite the fact that you would really prefer to not go to work today lol
completed my first week of p90x!!! so stoked!
5 years  love     smile 
awesome day at work and i got out early!!  rj and i are gonna do our p90x cardio workout get cleaned up and then dinner reservation at bonefish grill then off to the movies to see the karate kid   soooo excited!!!
would love nothing more than to spend some time with rj -- but he's at work and i have to babysit for a few hours   sigh   maybe when he gets home?
"father's day was a success - cooked chicken cacciatore for the family, baked chocolate chip cookies for the guys, and gave my dad and my grandfather their presents -  great day!  happy father's day!"
apartment is clean and i'm packed and ready to go to volunteer at the autism camp tomorrow - can't wait!!
hi ho hi ho! its off to camp i go!!!
let the fun begin!  -- off to work this morning until who knows what time   gotta finish my potato salad for aunt <propfirst> and uncle <propmale>'s party - then going to that   then gotta drive 2 hours out toward gettysburg to a campground to meet up with my family and family friends   coming back sunday afternoon and then unpacking and repacking  then leaving for <propfemale>   oi vey!
"from my observation, the person who created this lifestyle of too much to do and too little time to do it in must be the owner of the coffee, ibuprofen, and sleeping pill companies and is probably the richest person in the world lol "
"according to an ad on the side of facebook, rn now stands for rescue ninja!!  haha - i love it!!"
couldn't be happier right now  laugh  !!
so my advice of the day - be careful about what barber you choose!  rj went to one today to get half an inch taken off   he came home with a military crew cut    what!?! lol    old crazy barbers    go figure!
"is annoucing our official wedding date as october 8th, 2011 - i finally settled on one!!!  now, so long as everything goes smoothly from here on out it will stay that way! lol"
what a perfect end to a very long day   rj and i just got back from picking out our rings - i can't wait to get them now!  laugh !!
it feels soooo good to wake up on a saturday morning when all is quiet and know you have nowhere you have to be and nothing you have to do   smile       eventually i will go grocery shopping and then later this afternoon we are gonna go visit g-dad 
"going shopping with my momma - its gonna be a great day  smile \\\i'm sure happy with what i've got\",4927a0cfd9f7cd1c6ee789356f2b32fd,"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!  i'm having a great day - breakfast at nudy's cafe, then ice cream from margos-  yumm!"
thank you again for all of the birthday wishes!!  i had a great day and overall had a great weekend  smile 
what a beautiful day  smile    work this morning then going to see springton manor later this afternoon - can't wait!
a very good productive day ended with dinner and great conversation with the family  smile 
very good day off -- woke up and just watched some re-runs of ncis on my computer   got the laundry done in the meantime   a trip to the library where i checked out a book and walked out with a bag full that i bought for a dollar each lol   then out to lunch with <propfemale> - which was excellent   back home and got my workout done  smile    (however i have class from 6-10 tonight so it all goes downhill from here lol)
is going plant shopping for the apartment  smile   i need some green! lol
question:  does anyone have an old verizon cell phone that rj can use temporarily until he gets a new phone??  if so let me know and we will pick it up   my cell number is 484-459-1766
"hoping everyone has a great first day at school!  i have to laugh because i'm a bit jealous - i always loved the first day of school   didn't think about that as i was dying to graduate lol   times like these i think about that song by trace adkins - \you're gonna miss this \""  oh how right he is!"""
"enjoyed my camping trip with the family a lot  smile   wished it didn't have to end, but i did miss rj lol "
eating the oddest dinner of my life -- half of a pbj sandwich with a small serving of homemade spicy and creamy yellow squash soup with cooked mushrooms stirred in lol   (the pbj was because i was tired of waiting for the soup to finish! lol)
doesn't know what day it is anymore   oi vey
"the first day of fall may have been hot, but it was a perfect day for homemade soup  smile "
so i officially love my convection oven - cooked the banana bread in 40 minutes as compared to the regular oven at an hour and 15 mins (75 mins)  -- 35 mins less cook time and less energy used because of that and it being a way smaller appliance!!  gotta love technology!
cleaning and then downingtown fall fest today with <propfemale>  smile 
"if there are any nurses you know looking for a ft job, chop care network north hills (mouth full aint it? lol)  is hiring a ft rn "
wait    is that the sun i see poking out this morning?!? hallelujah!!!  no more rain!!!!
one year to the day until the wedding  smile 
its been one of those days    blah!
"so\ i know of the best massage therapist ever and she does traveling \massage   meaning she comes to you!  how awesome is it to be able to get\ your massage and stay in the comfort of your own home!?   she is currently here at my apartment and in my excitement i felt the need to tell you all about her lol   please, if anyone wants more info let me know - when someone does a good job i absolutely want to support them!"
it's friday and it's going to be an awesome day -- i know it!  smile 
"really would love to not have to write this paper and go to class tonight   its only wednesday afternoon and i'm already fried 0,o"
i had a pretty darn good day -- i know tomorrow will be a good one too!  now off to bed before i fall asleep on this couch!!
i have decided that today is going to be a good day   got up and did my workout   going to do some barn stuff with steph and then riding   then later a group of us are going to see <propmale> potter  smile 
"what a truly awesome day yesterday was!  spent a good portion of the day with steph doing all things horses lol   and then came home for a visit from my parents and bro   got the best gift ever - the board he made for me (check out the photo album on it!!)  and then off to see <propmale> potter with steph, <propfemale>, and my bro <propmale>   couldn't have asked for a better day  smile "
happy thanksgiving all!!  enjoy your day full of good food and family -- remember to be grateful for all that you have  smile 
got the potato salad done   two pumpkin pies in the oven and now kicking back for a bit    decided that the deals aren't great this year for black friday from just the little bit of looking i have done   not impressed this year 
has the greatest friends ever in <propfemale> waltz and <propfemale> mccown myers -- and i get to spend the afternoon with them   doesn't get much better than that!!
"change\ your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal is to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  join \the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status  \invite your friends to do the same!!"
i'm so not ready for it to be monday again   i wanna pretend i'm a kid again and can hide under the covers without a care in the world 
"oh weekend, where <propmale> thou?"
went and saw the awesome light show at <propfirst> lawson amen 's house tonight -- great party!   and now i am off to go grocery shopping    blech!  thank god its the weekend though!!
awesome day with one of my favorite people in the whole world   and then i got to have dinner with her and her man -- thanks steph for an awesome day and an awesome night  smile 
"these are the days when you just wanna hide under the covers all day with a good book   homework, errands, then off to work"
"paper writing time -- no more facebook for me   if you need me, text me "
my love made me gluten free pancakes this morning for breakfast  smile    soooo good!!!
would really love to still be asleep right now   ugh  
sigh    what a long week   i really can't wait until its over
4-5 hours of work   then coming home to get some stuff done and off to the amen family christmas party    then back to <propfemale>'s house to open presents and see aunt <propfemale>   then off to the delorenzo's!  just typing this makes me exhausted and i'm only visiting a handful of places!  i wonder how <propfemale> clause does it!  wink 
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!!  hope everyone has an amazing day fill with family, friends, laughter and love -- thats what this is all about  smile "
"had the best christmas ever -- thank you to my family (both of them!!) for making this day amazing     (and tonight i am not only grateful for that, but for good people in the world   i lost my purse tonight and a woman was kind enough to call me and tell me she had it   thank god for those kinds of people!)"
what a great night   a massage by the best massage therapist i know and i got to see steph!!  and she gave me the most awesome presents ever!!!  smile    life is good!  smile!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
"life is full of surprises -- i was supposed to work from 9-3 today, but i just got a call that one of my co-workers got the schedule confused and was at work when she didn't have to be   she called me to tell me i could stay home today!!!!   laugh  !!!"
"reposting this from a friend in the hopes that someone will know who the dog belongs to --- \dog found  heads up everyone    friend at work found a white dog (maybe a bichon?) in the d-town thorndale c-ville area  collar but no tags  if you know who he might belong to shoot me a message!\"""""
wii fit plus is addictive    haha
updated the laptop to win7 -- so happy!
the best part about this monday is that i don't have to go to work today!!!!  always an awesome feeling to have just that one extra day off every now and then  smile      off to the library shortly then wii fit and x stretch and *gasp* maybe even get ahead on some of my homework???  hahaha we will see!
