bc4971e9d87d278bfe076b39c861eca7
"ok   just for the record,  i didn't write the comment next to my name over the beachball song   my singing partner who is part of our youtube channel put that and told me he didn't know it was going to come up looking like a comment i put "
happy mother's day to all my friends and family moms   hope everyone had a wonderful day!!!
who can a person trust?
"do we trust someone we do not know, who knows things they should not know about you and your personal life?  or do we trust the one we love who met with this person behind your back?  hmmm "
feeling the love of jesus today   : )
this toy story 3 thing below doesn't show you anything   it just wants you to answer a bunch of questions
sang at the pickin' in the valley old country and bluegrass festival at cass county fair grounds last night and it was soooo fun!
felt at home on stage last night at the cass county fair grounds where my group sang for the pickin' in the valley festival 
"attention   to all parents whose children have a profile on facebook there is a man trying to get in contact with children to talk about sex his name is thierry mairot  please copy and paste this onto your wall and warn all your friends! please everyone moms and dads   repost and get him off of       facebook! parents, grandparents aunt      s         , uncles and cousins even if you have no kids repost!!see more"
"just want to give a shout out to my 35 \denell\"" friends   you rock!!! =^)"""
is loving her new found sister denells 
thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> valansi for sending me 500 petville cash  i really like it! http annoyed  apps facebook com petville-----ggjdcf home?url=&tv3=mk%2fragwzeueyxjwcksrahyugk021are5bqi%3d
"children with special needs only want what we all want:  to be accepted   it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children-made in a unique way and who learn a little differently "
check out the lion video on my wall!
hi
happy birthday to my wonderful granddaughter jenajia   i love you 
ooops   my capital n didn't come out 
"to everyone who sees this, have a blessed day "
"<propfirst> danner\let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision, because i want you here  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  let's see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does <propfemale> family&   friendship  thank you for being part of my life\i love you"
enjoying the sun 
save me from all the crying!!!!   somebody call me!
today was a good day   thank you lord 
