b73b39b6909922c9655fa98738d96562
put away all the christmas decorations this afternoon   it's nice to have the house back to normal!
we are minus one for the week   we took <propfemale> to camp today!
<propmale> passed his learner's permit   got 100% on both rules of road and road sign tests!  think maybe someone is excited about driving?  tommorrow 9 am is the big day!
waiting for <propmale> and <propmale> to get home from a day fishing at the lagoon   they called earlier to say they went swimming with a manatee!  <propmale> said it was the best e playful erience of his life!  sounds like a good time    wish i had been there with them 
"just got off the phone with <propfirst>, an old friend from high school   it was so much fun catching up!"
had a great week!  looking forward to celebrating father's day with <propmale> and the kids 
we are complete again!  <propfemale> is home today from a week at camp 
busy reimaging my computer at home  ugh!  this is a lot of work    sad 
trying to get myself motivated to finish painting the living room 
catching up on fb   my farm needed tending to  lol
thankful that <propmale>'s mom does not need surgery!  now if she could just go home; i am sure she would be much more comfortable 
enjoying a quiet evening at home   resting up for the 5k early tomorrow a m 
playing on farmtown with <propfemale>   we are sitting side by side on separate computers playing together     lol
it's wednesday already?
"it was an early morning   <propfemale> called at 2 smile 0a from a friend's house, she was homesick and wanted me to go pick her up!  i went and picked her up (in case you were wondering - lol)"
my daughter is giving me a hard time for posting her life's goings on     is that grateful?  i think not!
i am thankful for such a loving family 
so glad it's the weekend and i am on vacation!!!
going fishing in the morning!! it's going to be an early day  smile 
enjoying some quiet time    
it's amazing what you can accomplish when you are by yourself!  i have completed more projects around the house in the past 4 days than in the past 4 years    that is scary!!  smile 
ok  now i am missing my family    
so happy it is finally friday!!!
i had a blast at the <propmale> chesney concert tonight!  he was great!
counting down the days until my family comes home    i can't wait 
down to one more day!!!  i can't wait 
today is the day!  they are leaving or this morning and will be home tonight!  i am so excited!!!
got my ticket for <propmale> paisley yesterday!
off to the races    
wishing i could be in two places at the same time today!!!
so happy this week is over    time for some fun!
got one off to school early this morning   one more to go    then it's off to work for me!  will the first day of school always be so stressful for mom's?
my daughter is gonna start babysitting any takers!?!?!
and so another day begins   
"good morning all    happy wednesday   i feel more awake today   i must be getting used to the kids' school schedule   early to bed    early to rise   repeat, repeat, repeat  lol"
it's bed time and i am missin' my better half!
is it really friday?  seems like it's been a long week     smile 
enjoying a quiet morning    the kids are still sleeping and <propmale> left for work
shhhh    do you hear that?  that's right i am home alone  and lovin' it!!!
working outside around the house today    love the warm weather and sunshine~
bummed out for the bills    thought they finally had one 
try to keep my mind busy    
trying to keep my mind busy     so glad it's season premiere week and that there are new games on fb to play     smile 
ugh!!! it's going to be a long weekend!  i didn't hear back from the dr today  ugh!!!!
wow!  the dr  called    i am fine there's no cancer!  the ct came out fine!  it was a shadow     yay!!! praise god 
i am so lucky to have such a loving family and supportive friends   thank you from the bottom of my heart for your prayers and encouragement!  you all are the best!!!
i tried something today that i have never tried before in my life     real chicken eggs   fresh from the chicken    like not even 2 hours old     yikes   believe it or not i lived!
having a hard time getting going this morning   <propmale> and i spent went night fishing over in edgewater   i caught my first snook!  <propmale> caught a big trout too!  we had such a good time!
struggling with the fact that i have to go back to work tomorrow   i need to win the lottery  smile 
make the cold weather go away!
busy busy busy   
going to the pumpkin patch  smile 
reading all the recent happenings in my friends' lives   you guys are great!  love you 
getting my hair cut today for the second time since it's grown back!  can't wait!  i love my hairdresser!
wish i could have gone fishing with <propmale> today   i need some fresh air and sunshine!!
<propfirst> swift tickets go on sale friday morning   awesome!
i got <propfirst> swift tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! for me and <propfemale>!!!!!!!
"i love this time of year    pumpkin bread, and pumpkin pancakes     yum!"
why does it seem my children are growing up so fast?  i miss my little ones    the ones who still need a mom for soooo many things     sniff  sniff    
the time change is awesome!  i loved the extra hour of sleep last night!
off on another adventure today!
i smell the coffee brewing!!!! yummmmm
tried chocolate cover espresso beans today for the first time   they are actually pretty good 
i finally got my car cleaned up and out!  it is so clean now!!!!
just got back home from celebrating my birthday with my family!  i am thankful to have such a loving family!
one of fav shows is on!  love the big bang!  so funny 
"i miss wdiz    they had a great birthday song    do you remember it? \today is your birthday     so birthday to you\""     i have a friend that used to sing that song to me     good memories!!!  those were fun times """
enjoying lunch in cinderellas castle
thank you all for the birthday wishes!  <propmale> and i enjoyed our day together   disney was fun!
stuffed!
going fishing 
happy thanksgiving everyone 
enjoying some down time!
has a big test tomorrow   keep me in your prayers    it's going to be a long week   test results are back a week from tuesday 
good news! we are celebrating life and living today!  test results were good! no more cancer!  praise god    thank you so much for your prayers!!!
slept like a baby last night!  woke up at 5 surprise 0am   went running with <propmale>   made a dish for my christmas party tonight at work     rearing and ready to go     bring it on!!!
about ready to crash after a full day!  i hope everyone enjoyed their christmas today!  god bless 
happy new year everyone!
blue
i yelled at a spoon in an elevator because i am cool like that!
back at it again
nfc championship game is today    vikings vs  saints   go vikings!
finally finished with my pta stuff    it's been a long day   started at 6 surprise 0a at <propmale>'s school doing bus driver appreciation day    i am sooo ready for bed!  smile 
relaxing!
so many good shows to catch up on the dvr   not enough time   smile 
good night fb!  sleep well  smile 
off to start another day    
what an awesome space shuttle launch this morning!  it totally lit up the sky  awesome 
it's way too early to be up! i need more sleep  smile 
?? to celebrate valentines day change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together! ? 23 years together; married for 21 years in july!!!!! ?
enjoyed my day doing absolutely nothing!!!
making dinner for my family     back to the weekly routine  smile   long weekend is over 
man   stinkin' wind won't go away!  it makes it feel sooo much colder   brrrr  i can't wait for some warmer temperatures!
"yea, it's wednesday!"
had a great afternoon fishing with my hubby!  he was my fishing guide!  loved it!
falling asleep sitting up    i think it's time for bed  smile  night all!
 love  is in love with the most wonderful man  love 
"todays game - middle name only! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile, then put your middle name at the end of this sentence: <propfemale>"
thrilled that it is the weekend!
is not a fan of cold weather    
i am taking <propfemale> to see <propfirst> swift in concert tomorrow night!  i can't wait!
i am deaf now    my ears are still ringing    that was a great concert   it's right up there with <propmale> chesney and <propmale> paisley  smile 
"place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence     ***minneapolis, minnesota***"
the good wife is on next    boy does it look good   should i stay up?  i think so!
tomorrow night i am taking <propmale> to go see <propmale> dunham in concert!  i am looking forward to it   i absolutely love to laugh!  i have already warned <propmale> that i will probably get loud   
don't forget to wear your green today!  happy st  <propfirst>'s day!
feel a nap coming on    all that fresh air this afternoon has made me sleepy :y
fighting a bug   awwww   i can't get sick! no time 
happy friday!
having lunch on our way south   enjoying vacation 
"crashing after a long and awesome day at 10,000 islands  this place is incredible!"
another night that i am wiped out  all this fresh air is doing me in    loving it!
finally home~ loved the week away   it sure feels good to be home  smile 
busy catching up   
my belly's full  now i am ready to relax!!
makes me crazy when people don't listen!
"watching \the blind side\""    i think i have used half a box of tissue and the movie just started     sniff   sniff   it's an awesome movie so far!"""
off and running    it's monday!
"when someone loves you, the way they say your name is different   love "
trying to stay calm    miranda is in with dentist  they are looking at pulling a tooth!
"all clear for another 4 months  celebrating 1 5 years being cancer free  thank you, god "
is it friday yet?
i feel so clueless at times     i had no idea was 420 is?
heading over to the beach to see the sand <propmale> exhibit   it's a beautiful day 
what's everyone doing this weekend?
chillin' outside by the pool
needs a d surprise ver
what's the good word for today?
forecast is 90's for the weekend   where did spring go?
"can someone e playful lain why you would pick up your dog's poop, but then throw your cigarette down on the ground? what is the matter with people?"
i love chic n biscuit!
american cancer society's relay for life is tonight  i get to walk in the opening ceremony because i am a survivor  please help me reach my goal  donate today 
enjoyed a great day yesterday   spent the day with some old friends from winter springs church   what a fun day!
celebrating with <propmale> & <propfemale>!
enjoying our day! time with family and good friends!
did you enjoy our mother's day? how did you celebrate?
magic sweep another round! swish  swish  
just watched history in the making      the last shuttle launch! it was beautiful in clear blue sky!
working out in the yard today until it gets too hot!  then i am taking a swim  i  love living here 
let's go magic!
at the airport waiting for my plane 
made it finally   totally for not pack warm enough clothes   55 outside  i am dressed for 85 or higher!  crap   i'm screwed
don't know what to do  i have no one to take care of tonight   i am on my own   wink  bettet watch out!
i won an ipad today at the conference!
flying from wi to <propmale> via detroit   that is screwy as hell   what has happened to direct flights?
so the pilot noticed that one of the tires is slashed   we are stuck on the   plane   45 <propfemale>  there's a little girl kicking my seat   ugh!!need to be home now!
enjoying a nice quiet ride home   long day!
i love my ipad! thing is frictin' cool  amazing technology 
missed first half of 24  so bummed  can anyone fill me in?
i believe!
that was a yummy salad but i'm not full 
got a head start on the weekend!
"enjoyed a relaxing day at the beach with kids, <propmale> and my folks   i love the beach "
i'm sad    my folks went home today  i miss them already  it's way too long between visits 
"low 90's today   clear blue sky  looks like a beach day  too bad it's only wednesday   work first, play later; )"
"just got back from \killers\""!  good flick!"""
i love watching the sunrise
my boy turns 16 on sunday   where have the years gone?
had a great day racing go carts at fun spot!
hahaha   it was 80 this morning at 5 when i went to the gym      i totally love florida!!!
happy father's day to all the dad's  enjoy your weekend 
i am so excited i have to share the news     <propfemale> has accepted jesus as her savior  she is getting baptized tomorrow at camp! praise god!
what a great time! <propfemale> and about 20 other kids were baptized this afternoon   totally awesome to feel the presence of jesus!  yea!
"celebrating 21 years today with my one and only! i love you, <propmale>"
it's a beautiful morning  no rain like yesterday 
it's not supposed to rain on the 4th of july 
totally amazing fireworks
mani pedi     things can't get much better today    
think i am back among the living today  slept until 3 smile 0 yesterday  then went back to bed around 11 surprise 0 and slept all night  that's a lot of zzzzzzzs
waiting for spain to score     they have had lots of chances today!
go spain!!!!!!!!!!!! whoa spain scored!!!!!!!!!!!!
a toasty 97' outside!!! feels great after being in 71' a c all day 
30 minutes until take off  so ready 
we're here  let vacation begin 
on the ferry to <propfemale> bc    it's very chilly  58   
poster: teenagers- r u tired of being harassed by ur stupid parents? act now! move out  get a job  pay ur own bills  do it now while u still know everything 
<propfemale> bc was beautiful   headed down to seattle wa today  still chilly    59!
it's a heat wave outside   it's 83     yea 
been a fun night; remembering good times  love you guys! so glad we got together!
wish i could slow time  so not wanting this weekend to end  enjoying seeing old friends again  it is totally feeding my soul (sounds hoaky huh?) lol
headed back to warmer weather  enjoyed our vacation tremendously!
home at last    
it's 8:15 & it's 85 out  we are def home   smile  yea
trying to wait up for <propmale>     not a good idea to set curfew at 11pm after being jet lagged     what was i thinking  sad 
<propmale> is an eating machine tonight!
so have you ever tried to prank someone and it backfires??? lol
totally excited because i fixed my dryer  saved lots of $$
back from a full weekend of rest and relaxation
first day of school  <propfemale>'s first day in middle in sixth and <propfirst> is a <propmale> 
i need more notice  i don't work miracles  gesh mister!
"i'm tired   it's been a good day, but definitely a lllooonnmggg day!"
can someone please tell me again why i'm here?
it was just what i needed this morning    nothing like exercise to get the energy flowin' and this old body moving 
cleaned out my closet tonight   feels so good to get that done 
i am losing it!
i so enjoyed my day  all alone with a good book: )
whew! today was a blurr   so glad that monday is done and over      can't wait to read my book  haha
finished my book last night   was disappointed that the girl didn't end up with the guy     yep  i'm a hopeless romantic at heart!
is mentally preparing myself for the <propmale> brothers   demi lovato concert tonight   <propfemale> is so excited!  it will be a good time 
<propfemale> says i am doing a good job taking pictures    points for me    yea!
i can't hear a thing  my ears are ringing!
went shopping   dillard's has their shoe sale going on! i found two pair! it's been a good day!!
so tired    off to bed   good night all!
i totally love my job!
<propmale> dunham's spark of insanity is sooo funny 
feels like fall outside!
<propfemale>'s is having a huge sandal sale  65% off!
playing world edition monopoly with <propfemale> 
"wow, what a gorgeous sunset!"
excited about going to co for my youngest sister's wedding this weekend!
busy day   went to my sister's reception   nice time  then went to a roller hockey game  very fun to watch!
flight delayed 1 5 hours   definitely missing my connecting flight in atlanta = won't be home until the wee morning hours   sad  not a happy camper (flyer)
is it time to go home yet? i'm super sleepy!  shhh is that starbucks or redbull i hear calling my name    
12 years ago today god blessed us with the most precious gift    our baby girl  happy birthday <propfemale>!  i love you 
i have zero <propfemale> for rude and discourteous drivers! ugh! it makes me crazy 
yummmmm   pumpkin pancakes   i've been craving them for weeks  the stores are finally carrying pumpkin again  it must be fall 
perfect day for working in the yard!
i like it on the stool in my kitchen 
ahhhh    feeling relaxed after a busy day  nothing beats a mani   pedi!!!
at airport     flight delayed 45 minutes : (
made it home with no delays! flew back via <propmale>   my luck isnt gone  i won't go thru atlanta anymore 
i'm finnaly sleepy!  yea  night all  sweet dreams 
whew! we made it  tgif 
bring on the weekend!
makin' pumpkin bread  yummmm   can't wait for a warm piece  playful 
jalapeno cheese grits are ready  making egg casserole in the morning   can hardly wait for breakfast! yummmm
so peaceful and quiet this morning  time to count my blessings 
great day fishing with my one and only!
it's mani pedi time!  yea!
i had a great day  getting older isn't half bad! i can act as crazy as i want to and anyone who doesn't know me just thinks it's because i'm old  lol
thanks so much for all the birthday wishes  you are a blessing to me   love 
what a beautiful morning!
soccer game today  it's half time  we are leading  2 to 0  go panthers!
did anyone find any good deals today on black friday?
"my cancer screening test was today  i get results on monday  if all goes well, it'll be 2 years of being cancer free "
decorations are up in the house  christmas cookies made and delivered    just picked up our tree!  love christmas!!
it's cold and very <propfemale> outside brrrr  wishing i could stay in bed where it's warm 
"it's official  2 years and counting  thank you for all your prayers and words of encouragement  they lift me up when i need it most  thank you, god "
shorts?  really?  it's 40 out  definitely not a heat wave  lol!
thank god for a warmer day!
it's freezing out but totally  worth it  our soccer team beat seminole ever!  3 - 2!  go panthers!!
getting ready for our christmas party at church tonight!  should be a great time with family and friends!
looking for snow!  the kids have never seen snow!  ga is only 4+ hours away!
i love to sleep in!  thank god for days off and warm cozy beds!
chinese for dinner! yum!
loving the kids' christmas break!  family time is the best  smile 
"uh-oh   flu bug has gotten everyone in my house except <propmale>   my poor baby girl woke up with it  better watch out, <propfemale> "
"go°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸ducks¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø\¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,ducks¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¤go ducks!!\¤go°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸ducks¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø\¸„ø¤goº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø,ducks¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¤\      go ducks!!!! keep the wave going! go ducks!!"
what??  1st play of game and auburn already has a player down  really? that's bad luck
is so ready for a long weekend
hahaha it's 79' out at 5pm    that's what i'm talking about!
riding in the car with the a c on      what's wrong with this picture?? i'm so lovin' fl right now!
ho-hum
go packers!
sweet!  nice play!  touchdown!
bring it!
superbowl commercials are the best!
whew    so glad that monday is over with!
what happened to my 80 ' weather?  this stinks!!
it's too bad we can't be as old as we think we are instead of how old the calendar says we are!
good morning all!  here's to a nice long warm and <propfemale> weekend!  enjoy!
is looking forward to a beautiful day 
it's been a very productive day so far   went to the gym first thing   came home and pressure washed the pool deck   then went outside and raked leaves!
went to <propmale>'s soccer banquet tonight   he got his 2nd year varisty pin   so proud!
went to see beastly with my baby girl   good chick flic
is off to see <propfirst>'s first volleyball game!  go panthers!
shoot me will ya?  this traffic is killing me 
"battle la opens today  if you saw it, let me know-how you liked it "
ah-  vacation time!  oh yeah!
packing for chokoloskee!  i love the everglades   it's truly amazing there 
we hit the water as soon as we got here   i broke one of <propmale>'s poles while catching a snook!  uh-oh!  that's a good sign     
just waiting for the sun to light up the sky so we can head out! ready to go  this place is perfect for getting away  i love it here!
came back for lunch then heading out again!  it's too nice a day to be inside!
beach bound!
"after a short nap,  i'm ready to go"
