ac053a0d2588271d85bad3f8792b9628
lmao! people are hilarious at une playful ected times-was at work today on cashier and a woman came up to me and stares at me for a minute and asks me if im a model-lmao so random-never heard that b4!  laugh 
"so tired and irritated and bored, school needs 2 start so i can hav something else 2 worry about**sarcasm too    this suks lol"
"been at lenoir rhyne all weekend, glad 2 b home"
senior skip day 2morrow!!!! lame if you come!!!
"spirit week's almost over, brother's back in town, busy weekend ahead, ready 4 tha pep rally and tha homecomin game!!!!! its been a great week!!!  laugh "
ready for this college fair 2mrw    or not
"just drank a shitload of coffee cuz i gota turn in a bunch of work for class that i never did 2mrw    no later than 7 surprise 0am, that bitch-lol"
had to clean out the pool   it suks
definately cout to throw up over this <propmale> and cheese right now-nastiest thing ive ever seen smelt in my life!
just got back from the diabetes walk (barely any1 from key club showd up!) and searchn round <propfemale> with <propfemale> for costumes   no such luck
"thunder, thunder, thundercats!!!hoooooo!!!!!"
   i hate it cuz i have two tickets to the <propfemale> game tonite and i gta stay home   wasted 3 rows back too!!!!!
"at winston-salem state now, on facebook lol"
wssu sucked but the trip was awesome!!! had lots of fun with my people!!! (lol)
tired and need 2 finish my grad proj(procrastination)
"just back from syed's,gna mess wit aysha bout her hair again  wink "
got assassin's creed 2 2day on a pre-order and yes   it is the shit lol oh and i also caught a bad cold from mai   yeah   
is going freaking insane about a damn videogame!!! lol iv got chills just thinkn about it! ubisoft has made my alltime favorite games and assassins creed 2 has just knocked off my original fav which i thought was impossible!!! lol completely geeking out right now!!! best ending to anything ever!!!!
"got back from work just now, i worked kids dep  and sum kid pissed everywhere! wtf, people need to control their children"
"just got back from work, bout 2 finish my product, gotta present 2sday, oh lol, and i found out something interesting about a certain coworker of mine lol  wink "
"i will be completely honest for 48 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!!"
got a 96 on my gp!!!! finally free!
"yo kimbo slice is the sh*t, he just won the ufc fight and def prove <propfirst> white wrong!!!! lmao that is awesome"
"yo my first full day of work lmao, i was suposed 2 get off at 4 and i stayd till closing! damn lots of hours!"
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk   
twinkle twinkle little bat how i wonder what you're at   
"im telln ya i gots mad hours this week, i just offerd 4 a double 2mrw and im up at 930-2 as well as my 5-1030, hells yea! fat paycheck next week!!!!"
each and every man under my command owes me one hundred nazi scalps  and i want my scalps!
an assload of cops around my neighborhood with a helicoptor circln like hell wtf is wrong with some people round xmas
got off of work and ready to relax!
hahaha happy new years! im going to work to deal with all the drunks! fuck yea!
what else is in the teaches of peaches?
"i cant believe its only 8'o'clock rite now, time goes by so slow when i really need to do something but am tryn 2 put it off for as long as possible lol"
"all you need is scented candles, massage oil, and <propmale> white  write that down "
"its about upsetting the status quo because the status isn't  quo   the world is a mess and i just, need to rule it    "
"facebooks finally letting me upload my stuff after weeks so here it is, late but not forgotten"
"taking a good look at the past, moving on, and embracing the future!"
apparently we dont have school 2mrw!awesomness
argghhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale> what happened tonight!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wtf why is it snowing?! its not even that cold out!!
lmao im definately a timelord cuz apparently a timelord has 4 heartbeats and so do i! doctor who fans   anyone? lol
craziest thing i have ever seen tonight wtf!!!
"this profile stalker thing sucks ass, i never even speak to most of these people let alone on fb lmao"
we can't both become the same-pawn that's made to fall oil that tastes like blood-stole the summer scent from me to you you're stabbing me through you you're stabbing you through him and betting most of-this wooooorld we'll add enough of the woouooorld!
18 2mrw! great weekend planned! freedom!
"got sick 3 hours ago, damn on my bday too, other than that though had a great time at pf chengs with my family, much love"
thanks for all the birthday shout outs!
rule 37  enjoy the little things
is just gonna give up now   
"great night!!! lasertag at laserquest(#1 of 15 bitches!!! 508 points!(ten per kill)), drvn round havn good time, go to mall saw <propfemale> nd wonderland! amazing movie, playtime at sonic, dancng in the car-hilarious moments with new and old friends!!!"
"sooooo, my crappy phone that's lasted for so long is finally broken, im getn an iphone"
"i'm armed with pens, and i've got my rhymes whatever comes, i'll write it down so knock me out and shoot me down with mics in hand, we'll stand against the test of time"
"so i got my haircut and it definately looks like my profile pic lol, hopefully i can style it like that myself this time lmao"
"lots of fun today! concord mills with <propfirst> <propfirst> and dj, saw tou xiong and siblings  she's out of my league is hilarious! ate with <propfemale> and company-happy bday- niño frostbitten bost and <propmale> doctorado gonzales crazy fun! (seatbelts out to get me) lmao"
"spring fling was badass-had a great time, the ninja game kicked ass! great friends, good times,its all you need!  (<propfirst> you cheated me arggghhhh! lol jk)"
"every day, every afternoon, tried so hard but lost to god  i thought you're my friend, i'll guess again, i look to the clouds, god gives me a frown  a smile and a wink, meant more than a kiss, but i dont see the world, like you do girl  yea this time next year i'll be married this time next year ill say sorry  but jesus stole my girlfriend, yea jesus stole my girlfriend "
leaving for the beach in 30 with mo syed kaleb and dj! badass week   now!
just got home! epic week!
"yeah! just got the stimulus package! so far the crashd heli is my fav, mw2!"
omfg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i found some pieces by banksy by the music factory!!!!! i took the sign and got pictures of the stencils!
tryn to figure out this prom sh*t!why does this have to cost so much money! lol
"sat outta nowhere 2mrw, then work   funtastic"
"man people hacking accounts really piss me off, do they honestly think people are stupid enough to send money to some random account when its obviously shady as hell! my moms facebook and email got hacked- be carefull people lol"
"hates this itunes upgrade, takes forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"back from work, onto homework, then yardwork, then housework-maybe some food thrown in somewhere   "
on the road to animazement 2010!
lmao <propfirst> woo is the shit! kevjumba on youtube! look it up!
yea                pretty empty
taking my driving test 2mrw!
had a dream that i woke up and apparently people had turned into zombies from alien spores from burning wood   weird    even weirder though is that my mom had turned into a zombie but so had mr  t and they were sitting zombified on my couch        epic!
nothing like speeding with a group of friends in front swervin in and outa traffic playing follow the leader!
"had a great time at <propfemale> schuldt cookout tonight!!! i'll never forget you!!! getting hit in the face with a diving ring, busting my ass on the slide, and almost losing my phone! but all in all it was an amazing time and although i feel like a fool i wouldnt change anything!"
"extremely dissapointed in the last airbender  shamalan flat out butchered it! the actors werent good but what else can you do with shitty writing, and he let them mispronounce all their names wtf! this is a sad day for avatar fans"
"as much as i hate to say it, and i really hate to say it    the new twiligh movie was actually pretty good, still not planning on seeing the 1st 2"
happy 4th! had to work
some british guy on tv lives off of roadkill and trashcans   and isnt homeless   british people are weird
the past was sooooo far less complicated   
"finally off work, the goo goo dolls concert gave us a good rush but wasnt as bad as when we get the club drunks   glad to be home"
"got off work early today, apparently they had too many people and they didnt need me so hells yeah! freedom!!!"
home from work = nap time
"officially off the grid 2mrw round 3, up in the mountains for some relaxation"
we are sex bob-omb and we are here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!
"got balls of steel\got an automobile for a minimum wage\got real estate, i'm buying it all up in outer space"
great how ur whole paycheck disapears with insurance and random battery replacement   plus another disaster soon to come (probably)   knock on wood
off to knoxville !!!
somebody stop the room from spinning          thanks
"fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen\pour myself a cup of ambition\and yawn and stretch, my life is a mess, \and if i never make it home today, god bless"
deleting the past in 3   2   1
computer down    nxt best thing = 360
escaping to the plastic beach
finally a computer!
"sooo the koreans are fighting again, what about 2012?"
"great day, waterpark with kayjo jones, <propfirst> mowers and chilled with my boys mo <propmale>  and syed faizan <propmale>"
"goin to the hukkah bar, lasertag, and matties tonight! text me if u wanna come along too"
"last night was great, lasertag and chlln at the diner"
"full belly and a five hour energy, its crunch time"
on deviantart! if u have an account add me and ill add u!  jomama120
"crazy night w  <propfemale> c mlowski <propfemale> amponsah y-mark mlo , sorry bout the red light lmfao  and <propfemale>! keep that story to urself next time lol"
<propfemale> x-mas people!
under the spot lights neither black or white it doesn't matter do the dance do the dance!
road trip!
at times like these i realize how stupid i can be
jeep race!!! nuf said   
"the cake is a lie, but the cube is forever"
thanks kayjo jones for the burritos and the alcohol      but im never helping you move again
tell 'em <propmale> <propmale>!
sitting with so many things to do but honestly i dont want to do anything-bored
"let's not talk about it\we never did so why start now\let's just go back to your place\and not talk about a thing"
thank me with your hands
\all over the world hearts pound with the rhythm\,ac053a0d2588271d85bad3f8792b9628,somethings missing   i just cant remember what it is
i just love sleeping the day away
"finally, my room is clean, and not only clean but completely re-organized!"
"my creative juices are starting to flow again, too bad i have to get some sleep"
shwasted!!!
"grumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen, pour myself a cup of ambition"
time to burn a bridge that i should walk on
