7edd860da09316450ed3eda48197af17
"out with the old, in with the new    "
"i can't figure out how to get a picture of me on here  help please  i have a <propmale> so someone tell me what to do, thanks "
wow    facebook is great!!!
i'd appreciate if people would stop calling me pico  it really should've died when the seniors of two years ago graduated 
first day of counseling at a volleyball camp was fun  can't wait 'til tomorrow!
i've been thinking    do some of you like calling me pico? should i just embrace the name?
just had jump training and i feel sick to my stomach    best workout i've gotten since last year when i did it 
counseling at volleyball camps is so fun! too bad this will probably be my only one  sad 
\in your life you meet people \,7edd860da09316450ed3eda48197af17,"it is by <propmale> we met   \by choice we became friends "
"i have 3 kinds of friends: those who love me, those who pay no attention to me, and those who detest me "
\i'm putting on my shades to cover up my eyes,\7edd860da09316450ed3eda48197af17,"man, i am dying to go to the beach, but i need to find peeps that are up for it  any takers that are interested in beach volleyball???"
"man, gettin' friends to go to the beach with you is hard work i guess "
"if you like volleyball and you like the beach and you have free time next week, then you should come to the beach with me and others  k?"
how do people do those little black hearts?
going to go see inception!!! hope i like it!
inception was craaazzzyyy!!! peachey got confused  haha
"august 14th, moorpark college, come have fun at a grass volleyball tourney  cost a little bit of money to get in, but its used to support the girls vball team at clu "
going to the shooting range  bang! bang! haha
i love the 1911 springfield pistol!!! so fun to shoot 
leaving tomorrow to go to a v-ball camp up at byu  gonna get really sore     
mmmmmm     chile's   smile 
just sitting a hotel room watching        something  can't wait til camp tomorrow!  laugh 
played against the byu team today  i passed the hardest jump serve of my life and got a kill from the overpass  haha
ever tore your webbing between your fingers open? pretty nasty 
"finally, beach in        almost 7hrs      oh, i need to get some sleep "
today was a good day  gotta have another one of these days before summer's over 
"2morrow is probably gonna be slow day, physical therapy in the morning, then studying in the afternoon   sad "
grew 1 2 an inch! and still goin'   laugh 
getting wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow morning 
where did my wisdom teeth go? how did i get out of the operating room and end up in this chair? i love nitrous oxide gas   makes me feel      goood   smile 
f u n - having a hard time finding any 
goin' to an air show tomorrow 
"goin' to chile's     mmm,mmm good   smile "
thanks for taking a couple seconds of your lives to wish me a happy b-day everybody! but 17 doesn't feel any different from 16  haha
chile's was great! nice classic sirloin steak with the sides and then topped that off with a chocolate molten cake     yummy!  smile 
what more can i do?
act practice test tomorrow morning  fun? you tell me 
need to play volleyball     can't wait til thursday!!
there was a movie on tv where a guy was talking to 2 ladies and asks them their names  the first one said: im <propfirst>  the other said: i'm <propfirst>  haha  true story 
wow i'm gonna look sleepy in my id pic  it's almost 2 in the morning 
"went to the car wash today and a guy on a bike rides up to me and says,\hey can you spare a smoke?\"" i couldn't believe this guy thought i smoke  haha still made my day a little more interesting """
oranges  love 
recently i have found a new respect for krumping 
6-man vball > 2-man volleyball
"in cedar city til friday  nothin' really to do in cedar city   sad \gonna go to the pool all week i guess   smile "
somehow i injured my left shoulder  i hate chronic pain 
advil never gets the job done 
"well, tomorrow is the last day i'm gonna see my big sis for 3 months  home is definitely gonna feel different "
"i keep giving you fire,\gonna heat it up!\under my control,\here's the night you've been waiting on  fire!"
another mellow day in cedar city 
back in town  beach tomorrow!  smile 
good day today  went to the beach and only got 3 hours of sleep last night and still goin'      somehow
club can't handle me- <propfemale> rida = great song
"random conversation w  my bro-\me: that is one intelligent homosapien \bro: what's that?\me:a human \bro: oh, well what would you call a human who discrimates against a alien?\me: i think a racist   (10secs later): i think it would be a racist \me&bro: bahahahahahahahahaha\so stupid of me   smile "
last day of summer: taking a 4 hour long test  i always dreamed that my summer would end this  (yeah right!)
does anyone else have to get up early tomorrow because they're trying to get into a good sleeping pattern for waking up for school?
last first day of school is gone forever 
"what did the judge say when a skunk entered the courtroom?        odor,odor in the court! haha"
changing my status cuz everyone hated my last one   smile 
what do you want to get out of this year?
"learned a thing or two about self-worth: 1)everyone has the right to be respected by others as well as themselves  \2)every person has value"
gotta take another 4 hour test today   sad 
jump training  i'm gonna fly this year!  smile 
sooooo sore    but i love it!!!
today i looked at the back wall of my locker and it said <propfirst> preece on it  haha  who would've thought that i would get his locker  haha
great! my phone fell out of my pocket somewhere  i see how this day is going 
anatomy quiz= piece of cake
gettin' up at 5:40am      again
had to watch a 10 <propfemale> video on driving to get a discount on insurance 
bro got braces 
woodranch was fun  now what do i do for the rest of the weekend?
"why do people think i sleep with a <propmale> bear? if i were to sleep with a stuffed animal, it would be a giraffe  haha"
curse tendinitis!
"no open gym for me, my future is being decided by the actions i take today,tomorrow,and saturday "
just remembered i have anatomy homework! i'm not gonna do it  i can spare it cuz i got a 106 7% in the class 
"tonight: study for test\tomorrow: go to agoura high school and take the act test    after that         idk "
took the act and went to a dance    what a momentous day   smile 
chapter 2 anatomy test tomorrow!  guess i'll just read the whole chapter tonight   sad 
no jump training for me tomorrow! haha          suckers 
i like <propmale> mars' song  makes me happy   smile 
pulled a muscle in my back sneezing  i am just prone to injury  haha
i love when a girl in a purple sheet comes in your english class and makes a total fool of herself  strangest day ever 
tonight was a blast! glad i went to the battle of the bands  k o n  is ridiculously good!
"gonna make a ridiculous video for video production, but it's going to be hilarious!"
haha  i just found out that you can find people's <propfirst> on facebook 
"man, my back is killing me  it just gets worse and worse   sad "
back is improving  got it taped  gotta ice  be in tip-top shape in no time!
dont get to play sixth period   sad 
i got it by gorrilla <propfemale>  love that song   smile 
lots of fun at the surprise bday party!
"after the 2nd game, was kinda unsure <propmale> was gonna pull it off, but to my amazement, fifth game came around and the crowd got pumped! nice job ladies!"
love 6th period on fridays  nothing like finishing the week with crushing everyone in 4 on 4 volleyball  haha  smile 
"can't wait 'til club tournaments start  by season, imma be outrageously good!  laugh "
"well, wha  what ha  ha  happened was      "
what if       _____________ 
"so many people, not enough time to talk to all of 'em in a day   sad "
pionerd day sounds way better than lowlander day  silly simi kids and their imaginatively-challenged minds  haha
"\lobsters and buttcrack           i agree \"""""
maybe i'll dress up like that for halloween     
what shall i post on facebook?        well honestly i got nothing  stuck doing homework and then volleyball  that's my life right now 
33 inch vertical! hopefully will be 34 by next month!  smile 
this was a bad day to play volleyball 
has anyone ever heard of <propfirst> university?
"saw a woman walking a dog and a pony small horse  at the new target, saw a kid in a monkey suit with a leash "
i love procrastinating! best way to get stuff done!
\oh, oh\7edd860da09316450ed3eda48197af17,what purpose do the other planets in this solar system serve?
so sore and tired of this week already  i could use the remote from click right now 
physical is now checked off  pretty much set for when season comes around in      3-4 months 
"sometimes, it's nice to just do nothing for a weekend  very refreshing   smile "
video production is a pretty fun class  hope my video turns out ok 
first tourney of club         didn't go as well as i hoped it would have 
\i got my gun in my boo purse and i don't bust back," because i shoot first \""\"7edd860da09316450ed3eda48197af17,eeeeefffffff volleyball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wish i could say all the things that are going through my mind right now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
it's just to hard too stay angry about anything     guess that's a good thing     smile 
how do i start the break? two-day volleyball tournament!  smile 
two-day tourney = exhausting  i could go to sleep right now 
miss the times when my grandma was alive and we go down to her house in inglewood and see family and have delicious food  wish some things would stay the same   sad 
happy thanksgiving! have a good one!  smile 
"why are so many people going to disneyland this week? out of all the times a person can go, why do so many go this very week?"
"summary of thanksgiving break: had a fun two-day vball tourney, got a nasal chest cold, had thanksgiving with my grandparents, still had a chest cold, did my anatomy extra credit, and still coughing up a storm   not too bad of a 10 day vacation "
"lesson learned: dont get frustrated and try to slam dunk a ball, it doesn't end well    "
"i could prank call soooooo many people, buts it's a shame because i'm too nice   smile "
"it's been too long since i had fun in 6th period, but today was definitely a blast!      for me anyways     "
\i'm lookin at an angel\,7edd860da09316450ed3eda48197af17,coughing is probably one of the most annoying things you can get with a sickness 
darn it! i have stupid fever 
hate when technology malfunctions right when a project is due  december has been full of bad luck   
word        
"cia is such a cool place  the galileo machine there is amazing  it vibrates your whole body, but really it makes your leg muscles fire like crazy!"
tight eyez is the sickest krumper i've ever seen  wow!
running a mile today was refreshing 
"just touched 10'11\ today! so stoked!  laugh """
memorable moment of the day: going up for a block at open gym and getting smashed in the face with the ball and the ball pops up 30ft on to our side   smile 
had prime rib tonight at my cousin's house  first time having it  it was sooo good  another great christmas that has come and gone   smile 
"touched 10'11 and a half\! so close to 11\"" maybe another day       laugh """
one day left! what am i going to do?!
tendinitis has returned except in both knees now    great      
pretty much did a whole video tonight all by myself 
this week is just not going my way at all 
love writing an essay in one night! the hard part is just finding quotes to use from macbeth 
so what are we doing 6th period tomorrow?
"day 1: 2 w's and 1 l\not too shabby "
studied anatomy for 4 hours and still not done  wow        
"stats and english tomorrow  stats=tough\english=easy"
i wonder how my last season will turn out      
who's gonna be setter???
how am i going to waste my last day before a four-day week of school   ?
"so there i was on the endline  kalle on my left, mr  ferguson fires off the gun for kalle then for me a few seconds later  she touches the wall with me touching it right after her  on our acceleration off the wall, kalle takes a fatal step that sends her plummeting to the floor while i finish the race running backwards "
people who have road rage are so funny  i'm just sitting there in my car driving while they flip me off  i just laugh at how little control they have over themselves     pathetic 
the drive home from school was a little humiliating 
who wants <propmale> basketball shirts?
haha      yeah         
getting up early on thursdays?! yes! who needs sleep anyway?
it's friday! hopefully it's a good one!  laugh 
"wow, can't find my physical that i had a few months back  might not be able to play "
ate at the hat for the first time tonight  it's pretty good  they give you a lot of fries!
"just got the facebook app for my itouch, it so organized  i love it!"
shooting of 2-person video completed  now to edit   
my brother is watching jerseylicious       should i be concerned?
got quite a bit of economics to do tonight   annoyed 
"just another day, feel like i'm just going through the motions "
bring a friend to seminary is on friday! who's going that isn't mormon?
who has the true story to the first lunch student staff fight?
who likes my new profile picture???
so both girls and boys basketball made it to cif     so how do volleyball practices officially start monday? won't basketball still be practicing?
can't wait until midnight madness! one more week!  laugh 
"first practice of season, we had no setter  setter was sick  great!"
it's impossible to find all the answers to this anatomy homework!
"well today didn't go my way, but im sure tomorrow will be better  peachey and <propfirst> get better quickly!"
well i had a very unfortunate event today 
midnight is gonna suck for me     crying 
how does a guy make-up stupid mistakes choices to his teammates? if there isn't a way    why stay on the team???
well i'm gonna kinda sorta practice tomorrow    but i'm just doing the light stuff  not telling my parents because they will tell me not to do anything 
"written in the stars, love that song   smile "
another night of icing the ankle  good times      
<propfirst>'s almost back!
so why are a lot of people doing confessions???
"pretty good night  played well, middles wrecked, and nice supportive crowd  thank you people for coming   smile "
power is back on     finally 
pretty sore     
anybody wanna lend me a pair of black sport socks for the game tomorrow?
get to start tomorrow morning with catered breakfast  yesss!!!
"man, i wish i had an orange shirt "
well i left my phone on the bus last night  does anyone know how i can get it back???
this music video is gonna be awesome!
"http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=tyh0d-agrdy&feature=youtube_gdata_player\\check it out!"
"\be able to accept correction or chastisement \"""""
