a3473d245ea6d72c5e3cd2d8a862e0b8
"happy new year!!! my resolution: be a better person, love those who havn't hurt me, forgive those who have  if they dont wanna b my friend, i will say thats their fault, but i will never forget the great memories we had together  i forgive you!"
"so far my resolution is working as planned! sweet! i have forgiven all those who hurt me and are talkin 2 a few of them now    so yay, go new me! lovin life and livin good   hey, thats a good saying, its mine  no1 can take it!!! please   lol"
r i p  j e t  i love u my brother!!!
"i miss him so much, i wish he never left"
birthday!!!!
likes my new fone alot!
i am really really sorry!!!! a r 
i hate my life right now    so many bad things happening!
wants 2 b with her but knows she's not ready    so confuzzled!!!
doesn't know wat 2 do anymore!!
"i hate love!!!! it stinks and hurts, alot!!"
is actually ok with it i'm surprised! i still  love  u ar
"yay, i don't have 2 b sad!!!"
"is fb, online latin and texting    i kno i'm surprised 2! who knew i could multi-task"
goin 2 the game with missi dorff
ugh
i hate pressure washing!!! i always cut my toes open!!!!
grrrr!!!!! i lost my fone last night and now my rents wont re activate my other 1 cuz they think my grades are bad !!!!!! uuuuuuuggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i lost my fone lastnight, need <propfirst>    if i can have ur # message it 2 me "
"can i have ur #, no really, can i have it? i lost my fone    plez"
"can i have ur #, can i have it?  no 4 serial, can i have it, i lost my fone    plez"
im sorry! i just want this to stop!
just chillin @ home   
"can i have ur #, no rli, if u dont think i have it give it 2 me please"
"can i have ur #, no rli, if u dont think i have it give it 2 me please"
is lonely   
"a chorus convo: \if milk comes from chocolate cows and chocolate milk comes from brown cows what about the pink milk\"" \""comes from the pink cows in california   no make that the pink bull   from california\"" mr  <propmale> said"""
"a chorus convo: \if milk comes from chocolate cows and chocolate milk comes from brown cows what about the pink milk\"" \""comes from the pink cows   no make that the pink bull   from california\"" mr  <propmale> said"""
<propfemale> (almost) christmas!!!!
"i'm not a perfect person there's many things i wish i didn't do but i continue learning i never meant to do those things to you and so, i have to say before i go that i just want you to know i've found a reason for me to change who i used to be, a reason to start over new, and the reason is you"
"i'm not a perfect person there's many things i wish i didn't do but i continue learning i never meant to do those things to you and so, i have to say before i go that i just want you to know i've found a reason for me to change who i used to be, a reason to start over new, and the reason is you"
"i'm sorry that i hurt you, it's something i must live with every day and all the pain i put you through, i wish that i could take it all away and be the one who catches all your tears  that's why i need you to hear i've found a reason for me to change who i used to be, a reason to start over new and the reason is you"
"happy new year!!! my resolution: be a better person, love those who havn't hurt me, forgive those who have and if they dont wanna b my friend i will try to forget them, but i will never forget the great memories we had together  i forgive you!"
"had the best night hes had in a long time, thanx!!!! (not what u may think, not sexual at all!!!)"
"the geese @ perkins are really mean they attacked me lastnight and i had 2 kick it away(not kicked hard, i promise, just 2 get him away   )"
i hate bein stuck at home all night all alone!!! ne1 wanna come over or do something?
cant wait 2 hopefully c her on sunday!
i just got 1 gb of entire musicals sheet music!! thanx <propmale>!!!
i miss her!!! i got accepted 2 florida southern college!!!! no   not usf
wish i could find someone   
"   lonely, regretting all of my mistakes in the past  moving forward is the only choice i have, and only one thing is keeping me going  people saying that i cant do something, because there is nothing sweeter than doing something someone says you cant do! so bring it on, im ready to prove people wrong   "
"i hurt my knee yesturday, jammed my finger 2day! what is next??"
new york 2morrow!!!! yay!!
ny is amazing
on my way back 2day
"<propfemale>, nao ha ninguem mais bela que voce e eu vou te amar para sempre nao importa o que aconecta!"
te amo voce <propfemale> pinheiro!!!
"u r the sun and i am the <propfemale>  we r so alike and so close, yet so far apart  i might b away from u, but baby, u r my all! i shine by ur existance and i fade away with ur absence! u r my warmth and i'm aimless without ur love pulling me back 2 u again! i just hope she forgives me, but as long as she's happy i am 2    ily lp!"
bored!! anyone wanna <propfemale> or talk to me my # is (321) 695-8729   i hate bein bored
i just watched the hunchback of notre dame! i miss that movie
"the tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it "
"life is like a hot bath  it feels good while you’re in it, but the longer you stay in, the more wrinkled you get"
"it's all for you, all i've done i'd do again\from deep inside, all my life, i'm living in\from right to wrong, back to right to wrong again\it's just a stage, a played out script to this\from being true, to being used is how we live\but you don't have to be like them (you don't have to be like them)\you don't have to be like them\"",2010-07-03 18:42:56""",a3473d245ea6d72c5e3cd2d8a862e0b8,\to everything in life that has an end\,a3473d245ea6d72c5e3cd2d8a862e0b8,the circumstances of ones birth are irrelevant it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are 
you have the right to remain silent  anything you say will be misquoted and used against you!
headed  back 2 <propmale> 2day!
head for college on saturday! havent started packing yet   
leave for school on saturday!!! dont start till thursday i think   
mom made me cut my hair short     crying 
in my dorm!! yay!!!
"so yesturday my friend was on the phone with his mother and i guess she asked him if he was eating healthy  he says \yes mom im eating healthy\"" then takes a bite of his icecream"""
"talkin to cleverbot     \who is <propmale> cruise?\"" cleverbot says \""i dont know any women named james   \"" i thought this thing was supposed to be clever """
if you have my # text me with ur name cuz i got a new phone
so excited to go home on the week of the 10th!!! just warning <propfemale> high school lol!
"cathy: \she was in disbelief  me laugh ispleaf??? wtf?"""
"cathy: \she was in disbelief\"" me: \""displeaf?? what the heck is that?!?!\"""""
in <propmale>!!!
felt so good to see you guys at church! i miss you
"for every dollar a man makes, a woman makes 70 cents  that doesnt make sense and thats not fair, the mans only left with 30 "
"in <propfirst> 3:16 it says god so loved the world that he sent his only son, his only son  the church also teaches that we are all gods children  so it seems that in god's eyes we are all a bunch of girls"
can't wait for lighting design tomorrow!!
if anyone at at fsc is taking the intro to sociology class i can <propfemale> you my book
"had a good day today, aside from my foot   "
does anyone have a psych and the natural world book that they don't need anymore?? ?
changed my schedule like 5 times and i think i finally got a good one!
"heard <propmale> laskos did a great job as jesus! congrats <propmale>  good job to everyone else too, i hope i can see it sometime "
omg tonights jekyll and hyde performance was amazing!!!!
"if your someone who has nothing to do on this or next weekend, come to this:  florida southern college presents jekyll and hyde the musical  it is amazing!! especially come if you are someone in <propmale>  cause i know you miss me!"
sleep then get ready for spring break!
"had a great time skiing in montana, sad to leave tomorrow!"
"world  and when you find her, you fight for her  you risk it all, you put her in front of everything, your life, all of it  and maybe the stuff you do to help her isn't so clean  you know what? it doesn't matter  because in your heart you know, that the juice is worth the squeeze  that's what moral fiber's all about  ~ the girl next door"
"moral fiber  so, what is moral fiber? it's funny, i used to think it was always telling the truth, doing good deeds, basically being a stupid boy scout  but lately i've been seeing it differently  now i think moral fiber's about finding that one thing you really care about  that one special thing that means more to you than anything else in the"
yay! late night in the theater again
