283b71adaed297c7531aa900dd84be14
is so very good at spending money  playful 
is getting pumped for her first triathlon!!  laugh 
"way to raise tuition $9000 this year, you a-holes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
     good weekend to get out of town  gr 
triathlon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is home from her first triathlon  awesome e playful erience, and definitely learned a thing or two for the next one  laugh "
"found out this morning what happens when you put regular dish soap in a dishwasher  foam party in my kitchen, woooooooooo!!!"
will be running her second triathlon 7 18  woot 
what a day 
"is glad to see she's paying more than twice what \in state\"" people pay  really nice  i'm sure i'm getting twice the education  right """
"is working really hard on being happy and cheerful  if the rest of the universe would play along, that would be awesome! thanks in advance  laugh "
dreamed that <propmale> glover was working on one of those daytime tv court shows as a bailiff   
"can prep teeth with a cavitron, just like <propmale> <propmale>!"
is pretty ambivalent about the test tomorrow 
"   they can take our sanity, but they'll never take     our freeeedooooom!!!      one more patient until break!!!  laugh "
is going out  out!
spent her first morning off at school     lol 
is in jerz  scary 
"phone was stolen, don't bother calling   sad "
"got new phone, same number  please text me your number with your name in it so i can feel like i'm in the 21st century again  playful "
"is gearing up for her first day back, amidst a bunch of crappy circumstances  hooray   "
"mmmm, beer "
   ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!                      that is all 
friday friday friday!!!!!! even better than usual!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bbq at va beach  good times  don't wait up   wink 
what happened to the weekend????
   just another manic monday 
"   doesn't get much better than a sincere \thank you\"" from a patient """
   can't wait for tonight!  laugh 
   stupid mondays 
"haha! the day is mine, trebek!!! i soooo won  ha!! in your face!!!"
 smile 
"yay for thursdays, thai chicken wraps, and homecomings!  laugh "
has the best boyfriend ever 
   you know you're up way too early if bats are swooping your head when you take the dog out 
is puppy sitting 
is chilaxin 
is having a love affair     with a pumpkin spice latte 
is in chicago visiting her bestests!  laugh 
   back in richmond 
tgif!!  laugh 
"   when you sleep and sleep and sleep, but are still exhausted    you *might* be in dental school "
is off to the races 
oooo free bridges! silly facebook ads    
   yay for friday!
"   if you've been burned, concussed, and trapped in a public restroom stall and had to climb out beneath the door (essentially crawling around on the floor on your stomach), you might know what it's like to be <propfirst> doing an endo sim "
"is boycotting the reading assignment  if it was that important, cover it in lecture "
is utterly exhausted 
learned today that having a tooth extracted is worse than being shot    by a gun  yay for oral surgery rotation!!  laugh 
ah      taste the weekend!
is looking forward to 9 hours of lecture followed by an evening of studying   wait   
so sleeeeeepy 
loves waking up at 2am and not being able to go back to sleep  yay     
"is making shepherd's pie for dinner     cold weather calls for warm, happy food!"
"friday friday friday friday     oh, and don't you *love* when patients call you at 5am, then <propfemale> up without saying a word? yay     "
is hanging in there   like a sloth in a tree 
: 1 week down 
: 2 weeks down!
"school on a saturday  mmm, dedication "
    love having nightmares so disturbing that you're afraid to go back to sleep   playful 
blue sky!!! fiiiinally!!!!
"    oiy, i am not 19 anymore "
is hoping to feel better to take a darn competency 
enough with the nightmares!!! for crying out loud! gahhhh!
tweens are terrifying  no joke 
  recovering from the drive yesterday  yuck 
yay turkey day!
"is really fed up with dental school, and being sick doesn't help "
cough cough sputter     going down     kabloooey 
can't wait for 2009 to end :  
": 2011 has arrived  the year that has been much anticipated for the last four years  intriguing  \will it be everything we hoped it would?    time will tell "
"loves starting the day with a high intensity, sweat pouring workout  laugh "
"can't decide whether she's super depressed, or dealing appropriately  huh "
   you can't handle the truth!
   the problem with getting everything you want is the alarm clock eventually will go off 
    hello? pot? this is kettle  you're black 
"   as requested by <propfirst>, it's time for me to start writing a book about all of my dating disasters   "
"pants on the ground, pants on the ground!!!!!"
   c'mon weekend!
mmmmmmmm
bleah 
: the best sundays are the ones that pretend they're saturdays!
va blood services are vampires!!!     and not the sexy ones 
waiting is soooo hard! gah 
i hate waiting!
is in a good mood  yay for good moods!      spoil it and i'll kill you 
weeeeeekend!
   monday    ?
   it's much harder to learn from past mistakes when you're not sure what they were 
   headache    
snow  smile 
is feelin' pretty good 
": as 2 2 10, <propmale> will have been a maier for 6 years!"
is hitting the gym    she'd rather be snuggling  isn't that what crappy weather is for?
attention men: wear deodorant to the gym  working out is hard enough without having to suppress the urge to vomit  thank you 
"um, facebook? stop screwing around  my brain can only process so much change in a certain amount of time "
"   wow  sometimes, i really, really wish i wasn't right "
learned today that men are waffles and women are noodles  just ask <propfemale>'s patient  playful 
   sigh  one of those days 
   skipping my run to study  bleah 
   nothing like a day that drives you to drink 
yay beeeer!! thanks to <propfirst> and his cooking ( and plentiful booze) life is good again!
tgif 
     woo 
   one week of 26 left  scary 
soccer tonight!
friday    is it me or are the weeks flying by?
buh bye weekend    
"   so, i think you all must have been wrong  i'm the problem  i'm the nut job "
: thanks for all the bday wishes! especially those of you who guessed i was 22  laugh 
is sleepy 
has a busy day of dentistry ahead 
: disc golf and a lot of oral path studying  while trying not to vomit  annoyed 
: xray lesions? no problem  memorizing 12 rx? eeeh     
: one more midterm til spring break!!
"dentures, emergency rotation, dentures, prosth consult, chili "
one   more    day     
"is on \break\"" """
is glad to have finally seen inglourious basterds!
"    instead of having another 100 first dates, it would be lovely to have a 100th date "
last day of vacation blues    
feels like making a statement 
    is there a better feeling than getting something off your chest? i think not   laugh 
   it would be nice if there weren't people in all of our lives that seem to thrive from making us feel worse 
sooooooooooooooooo tired 
    the dogwoods are in bloom  smile 
the invention of lying is currently my favorite new movie  i suggest everyone watch it!
awesome weekend!!!!!!!
   pedo hurts my soul 
victory!  laugh 
is missing some brain cells  please return them to the lost and found 
stop sending me freaks!
"is still looking for a way- after three years, mind you- to not let dental school make her miserable "
good times!
is having one of those terrible days where everything she touches turns into a big steaming pile of poo 
is thankful for good friends who help make bad days go away  smile 
"hates being solicited for money   mostly because she sucks at saying \no go away crazy person! my money!!!!\"" and ends up forking over a couple bucks to the scam artist """
"   long day ahead  actually, most of them will be  long last month  yuck "
"men never forgive, but forget  women forgive, but never forget  fundamental "
thanks to all my compassionate classmates for being so nice when i'm losing my mind  i really do appreciate it 
thank you!!
   getting closer!
i'd rather stay single than settle for less  the search continues   
is super tired 
"if you see me on tuesday (5 4), tell me to bring my yellow card home  thanks "
ahhhh!!!
"yeah    i've decided if i have to be drinknig to enjoy something, it's not something i really want to be doing "
really feels like just hiding under the covers 
really despises people sometimes 
should be cutting her first crown this afternoon- crosses fingers!!  laugh 
yay!
is done with finals    forever!!!!!
6 dozen cupcakes walk into the dental school    how many will come out alive?
last day of spring clinic!
"(dental school) can take our lives, but (it'll) never take     our freeeeeeeedooooooooom!!!      a little \braveheart\"" for you guys """
bets ya'll didn't know jersey got tornadoes!    yay for having power again!!  playful 
   why did they want my credit card number if they were just going to send me a <propmale> anyway????? stupid sales people 
is super tired 
is *finally* cleaning her dirty apartment 
"is sick, her dog needs surgery, her car is in the shop, her vacuum is broken, and her computer is a piece of crap  but on the plus side, she's not in school   smile "
"loves her dog a lot  like more than $3,000 a lot "
misses <propmale>  sigh 
"can't wait to get her <propfemale> home! her big, stinky, monster of a <propfemale>  laugh "
": <propmale>'s surgery went well, and i get to pick her up at 4  laugh "
: exhausto 
is going to pretend that she doesn't despise school this week  wink 
yay for unofficial friday!
is enjoying another glorious 3 day weekend!
"currently owes the dept of education $214,788 00 which amounts to a monthly payment of $3,136 96  and still has yet another year's worth of tuition that needs borrowing  thank you, vcu  i couldn't have done it without your firm commitment to continually raising my tuition "
is enjoying the ac 
    my turn!!! sheesh
"orin scrivello, dds is my role model "
"20 days til eclipse  that's right, i'm a 14 yr old girl  whatcha gonna do about it?!"
is hoping for happy dreams  smile 
ran 5 <propmale> and can't kick the nausea  bleah 
"'s love is like \whoa \"""""
   buh bye weekend   
needs to rest for a few days   tiiiiiired 
"touched nutzy \\the flying squirrel, you pervs "
"5 5mi, baby "
   not many things better than that first bite of a juicy nectarine after a 5 mi run 
   so much for having a productive day 
will be in colorado 7 25-7 31  watch out 
"is getting up at 5:45am tomorrow to go to va beach     for dentistry, not the waves  dedication!"
plans on being a slug today  yay!
is exhausted    how is it only monday?
"    no more snaffoos, thank you very much "
needs her vacation pronto 
's metabolism sucks 
honk if you've had a shitty day!!
"   this morning is *not* going to be pleasant, but hopefully it will be fruitful "
weekend  smile 
fireworks  smile 
no work for me    hooray!
is sending out good thoughts 
long day 
this week won't end!
so close             
?
: the day i truly understand men will be the day i'm 6 ft under 
"huh, drinking wine in the sun makes you sleepy, fyi "
will be in jersey today  watch out 
"is back in richmond, and super sleepy <propfemale> boot "
 laugh 
whoopsies  wink 
siiiiiiiiiiiigh
is drinking an iced vanilla latte in the hopes that she won't take another 3 hour nap today  smile 
"any way you want it, that's the way i need it!"
is headed off to va beach to see some dental magic   wink 
is preparing for her trip to colorado  smile 
just wants to sleep  sigh 
attention coloradans: i will be in the boulder  fort collins area this week  holler at me so we can catch up  smile 
is back home with her pup  thanks to <propfemale> and all her boys for taking good care of her  smile 
   and it begins again ;p
is sleeeeepy 
likes when people acknowledge her awesomeness  just saying  wink  good day to be me 
is feeling purdy gud 
rented avatar so people will stop telling her she has to see it 
's life is going pretty well  just the stuff that she uses is kinda falling apart  car    apartment    haha
thinks the drunks have hit her  glad she's home  wink 
is doing some *much* overdo cleaning   annoyed 
"    weekend? dude, where'd you go?"
    what the hell 
yeah     watching a marathon of <propmale> before bed might not have been a brilliant idea 
hates insurance  with a passion 
hmmmmmmmm                              wink 
friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday friday
is sleeepy 
"'s tasks for the day: finish book 12 and fix vacuum cleaner    kinda tired of wading through <propmale> fur, just saying "
"early to bed, early to rise "
   gotta make the doughnuts 
is watching the last 3 episodes of <propmale> season 2  smile 
pleeease let it fit!! pleeeeeeease!!!! i want this crown out of my life!  playful 
yay!
yay for saturday  smile 
"is having some me time   well, me and <propmale> time anyway "
's car is sick again      playful 
feels a post lunch nap coming on    
 smile 
is taking <propmale> for a hike by the riiiiveeeer 
e playful endables!! woooot!!
had a pretty good monday  smile 
   ouchies says mr  ankle
has less tolerance than usual for busy work 
friday      of a three day weekend!      if only i weren't spending the whole thing in a car    haha
needs sleep 
is getting ready for another rotation 
is living in a horror movie 
misses <propmale>   
"is off to a party, followed by a day of vino!"
"has a fever, and the only prescription is more cowbell "
finds it really difficult to not be offended when someone calls her a liar  wtf 
   not being able to run and horrible eating habits (thanks to endless rotations) are not helping with my self esteem  annoyed 
is looking forward to the weekend  smile 
    home sweet home  wink 
is gonna clean her car so <propmale> will have a fresh canvas to work with next weekend 
's esophagus feels like road kill 
   coming home to a house without a dog isn't really coming home at all 
"isn't sure what's more disgusting: all the spiders that seem to be invading her apartment, or the fact that she invariably uses the toilet brush to squish them "
is keeping it together with glue  stupid rotations 
is hanging with family  yay!
"way to go, hokies!      it's nice not being embarrassed  laugh "
is more eager to graduate every day  siiiigh  wink 
   it feels great to have exercised this morning after taking almost a month off    aaaaaand my ankle didn't e playful lode  wink 
    this is why i don't like fb apps  sigh
's good deed of the day was taking down a spider web that was covering her neighbor's door entirely and squooshing the grape sized spider  actually- ya know what? that thing was huge  i'm calling it good deed of the month  ick 
": life is not going all that great lately  it seems the more i put in, the less i get back  and that's my wednesday whine, thank you, thank you "
is off to the worst rotation ever  hizzah 
is thankful for rain  smile 
"   based on the current events in the world, decided that tonight would be an ideal night to stay in, cook a fancy dinner (roast pork stuffed with artichoke hearts, kalamata olvies, and feta), and watch a movie (\the wolfman\"" remake) with <propmale> (best dog ever) """
zzzzz
is looking for something fun to do   suggestions welcome  smile 
yay hokies!  laugh 
   it finally feels like autumn!!!!  laugh 
"pumpkin beeeeer!!! pumpkin beeeeer!!!!! watch out, me thinks the baking will soon commence "
bleah for another rainy monday 
yay for getting a <propmale> to breathe!
honk if you hate busy work     
has remembered all the things she has to get done today    ew 
"is finished with the annoying stuff, so now on to the fun!"
friday!  laugh  (for those of you who can't read a calendar)
is dogsitting and studying 
is doing some <propmale> cleaning  yuck 
is extracting   mwuhahahahhahahaaaaaa
is burned out    and it's tuesday  sigh 
forgot how exhausting studying can be    sheesh 
busy busy day   hopefully with some fun stuff mixed in!
 smile 
thinks studying will be more fun with a fireplace and hot cocoa      wink 
"    so the day starts with me sitting by the fireplace with hot chocolate, and ends standing outside eating a grilled cheeseburger  interesting day  smile "
isn't feeling the whole emergency thing 
: not showing up to your own suprise birthday party: fail
is addicted to hot chocolate     
es exhausto 
"-- um, yeah, studying when you're already super tired is not a good way to *improve* your mood  playful "
--beginning the day cleaning up dog vomit is not a good way to start 
"--quote of the day: \even criminals can get cancer \"""""
facebook friend finder is freaking me out 
"    the worst thing about being really, really sad is that you know nothing that anyone could say would make you feel any better "
's stupid heater always lives her sinuses stuffy and throat scratchy 
's homemade lasagna is too tasty for her own good  wink 
"   patients, interviewing new candidates, and dental decks    how could a day get better?  playful "
's head is gunna 'splode 
is tryna get 'er done 
tgif
   tomorrow is going to be rough 
is not in a particularly good mood  you have been warned 
is ignoring irritants    and life is so much better  wink 
"took out close to 30 teeth tonight    she's kinda tired \\brush your teeth, <propfemale>!"
"   chronic ear infections, corneal dysplasia, skin allergies, bilateral hip dysplasia, torn cruciate ligament (fixed $3,500 later), and now a uti  whoever said mutts are hardier can kiss my butt "
   and it's crunch time  playful 
"   most of us complain about our bodies, but did you ever stop and think that maybe our bodies aren't exactly thrilled with us either?  wink "
has a busy weekend ahead of her 
isn't sure if her legs will work in the morning     smile    yay for running!
"is on a roll! \\with mustard and relish "
"is dreading her afternoon patient (bleah), but she will not ruin my day  laugh "
 laugh 
fml ---why is it always something???????!!!!!!!
   realizing you can't please all the people all the time is frustrating 
 playful 
is psyched to sleep in her own bed tonight  smile 
   couple days left until boards  smile 
   last day to get some studying in  smile 
   someone please e playful lain to my bongo playing neighbor that beatniks are out of style 
":watch out, whitters is on a mission  wink "
"is super exhausto  \\one day down  wink "
is about to go postal 
just need to make it through a half day    
is being domestic 
gobble gobble gobble!!
   too early    
"is glad to find that her car wasn't towed or ticketed, and that her apartment was not burgled  hoorah!"
: <propfirst> nielsen died  that makes me sad 
grr 
is lining up her ducks 
is tired of crappy days 
starts the day as an optimist  loves mornings  rest of the day- don't wreck it  don't like going to bed cranky  thanks 
friday friday friday!!  laugh 
almost fell off the treadmill when the automatic interval setting suddenly- and quite une playful ectedly- took her up to a 10 (maximum) incline while running a 6 minute mile       but she didn't fall       because she's a rockstar  booyah 
pbs is awesome 
"   way to go, hokies!!"
   let's here it for changing right back into your pjs after getting done with running errands  wink 
"passed her boards!!!! thanks to everyone who had faith in me  smile \\the day is mine, trebek!!"
is making brinner  that's right: breakfast for dinner  smile 
is in a wonderful mood  smile 
let the good times roll!
has a full day ahead  smile 
is watching munchkins tonight  smile 
just finished some more shopping  vacation is sooooo hard  sigh  wink 
is debating setting an alarm to wake up in time for the full lunar eclipse at 3:17am  good <propfirst> 
did anyone else's dog act crazy last night?
is wiped out 
is ready for her favorite day of the year!! christmas <propfemale>!!  laugh 
"is going ice skating!    so long as the snow holds for a bit, anyway  surprise )"
is snowed in with her dog and lots of reading material  smile 
is on the road again   
"   it's good to be home \\ no thanks to 95 traffic!"
paying bills is not the best way to start a morning ;p
 smile 
would be less irritated about vacation ending if she had her usual 8th street deck pass  sigh 
is hoping her morning of yoga will keep her feeling positive today  smile 
"my best friend is engaged!  laugh \congrats <propfirst> and <propmale>!!!"
 smile 
" laugh  \big smile for friday!"
"is in a such a good mood, she feels like skipping and singing \no idea why, just gonna embrace it!"
can't decide if she's hoping for a blizzard or not 
is tired of being cold  this is going to be a long winter!
wants to know why fb has to keep screwing with its layout   
3 day weekend- whoop whoop!
busy day ahead    
is glad to be home!
   buh bye weekend   sigh 
did not enjoy paying $2300 for an exam she severely resents 
feels like a grownup and doesn't like it  playful 
loves the weekend  smile 
     bittersweet sunday     
is spending a week being a pediatric hygienist 
   you have been measured and found seriously lacking necessary qualities 
almost weekend!!
um    i think i stress fractured my ankle running tonight    ooops  sad 
gkasd
saturday!
"ate way too much at a w  shucks in norfolk, but it was sooooo worth it  wink "
mock boards  very monday 
is getting her run on 
 love 's saturdays!
is pissed that she can't fall back to sleep   
"monday, monday    "
is so far out of her comfort zone     playful 
    stress    
is sleepy 
friday!!!! woooooo!!
"highly recommends <propfemale> protein mint chocolate chip protein bars    not even that big of a mint + chocolate  fan, but wow, that was like eating a brownie   "
--busy day ahead!
"keeps having to remind herself that it's thursday, not friday "
 laugh 
cut her finger on tomato sauce  no lie 
"'s car is sick  please send <propfemale> happy thoughts involving getting fixed cheaply and promptly \   would really *not* like to buy a new car right now  annoyed "
": water pump  not the cheapest fix, but more so than a down payment  playful "
": please send out happy interview thoughts for me this afternoon  it seemed to work for getting my car fixed, so let's keep up the power of positive thinking  wink "
is thankful for all the bday love  laugh 
": still waiting to hear about the position   keep sending those happy thoughts, please  smile "
had a pretty friggin awful day  hopefully something wonderful will come her way   
is exhausted in every way possible  yaaaaawn
 smile 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeekend!
is a rockstar vatican assassin 
"is getting a little exasperated with other people's incompetence \\but on another note annoyed \happy st patrick's day!  laugh "
had a fabulous weekend    stupid work week sneaking up on her 
   woke up thinking it was wednesday  sigh 
halfway through the week   tgiw?
thinks <propmale> is overdue for some spoiling  wink 
"   is there a \kick me\"" sign on my back? sheesh"""
is craving junk food  this is why she doesn't keep it at her place  playful 
   counting off the days til friday    
   he brought me flowers  smile 
