0372029ac67ea7d7ea73cce376df92e3
is halfway through his trip to germany!  sad 
usa 2-0 spain
usa 2-0 spain  fuck yes!
comes home in one week!
three days to go!!!
comes home in 24 hours!
's back!
leaves for colorado in two days 
"is in <propfirst>, kansas "
applied for a new dog!!!
got a dog!!!
is under the weather 
's dad just ran a 100 mile race! what can your dad do?
is sick 
is struggling with his five ads for ap lit  & comp 
has an awesome dog 
can't find any place with song lyrics!!! aaaaahhhhhh!!!
's problem is solved 
is grateful for his awesome friends!!!
's sister returns in two days!
's sister comes home today!
: my dog ate a sword    
has gotten his senior pictures! (see photos of <propfirst>)
stupid science section!
's new phone is awesome!
's internet sucks 
procrastination has its setbacks   
enjoys his ice cold milk and oreo cookies!
is considering running to school thursday morning 
"will be running to school tomorrow morning, wearing only shorts and a t-shirt  : )"
victory!
needs less to worry about 
"just the thought of you can drive me wild! oh, you make me smile!"
now realizes the importance keeping a cell phone handy     and knowing when your showtime practices are
you know something's wrong if your internet is to slow to access your email 
is glad he got to sing with such awesome people  see you guys on thursday!
doesn't know how he feels about the showtime results 
"if essays were a person, i would kill them "
"'s dog went to taco <propfirst>'s today  apparently he prefers mexican food  double-you tee eff, senior? -also i'm going to start actually working at my job tomorrow  : ("
is visiting purdue this weekend!
happy pi day everybody!
exactly 
has eight days to decide on a college before he looses a scholarship    gah!
horay!
there's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do!
gonna take a lot to drag me away from you! there's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do!
is attending the university of kansas 
loves his dog!
i hate writting poems 
wrote a poem about the clorox dragon on his english binder and loves it!!!
"fitness is like <propfemale>ing a friend money: the longer they take to pay you back, the less you want to <propfemale> them "
all 1's  what else can you e playful ect from lhs?  smile 
i got a feelin! whooohooo! that tonight's gonna be a good night!
dang  that was awesome 
lost his hearing due to excessive awesomeness!!  smile 
has sunburn splotches on his back 
went to bed at six this morning 
five more days  almost there 
can't comprehend life without lhs choir   
just ran out of tea   sad 
one <propfemale> down  seven more  i got this 
likes that there are so many statuses about the end of our senior year 
dreamed about choir last night 
i am grateful for everyone who got me this far or kept me company along the way and i hope i never forget any of you   smile 
is back from south <propfemale>!
five days til world cup soccer!
got new pillows!  laugh 
deutschland!!
found a dead baby mouse in his car  fml
"really wants the <propmale>, english, and american teams to win tomorrow!"
"awesome start to the day!! show 'em what's up, germany!!"
all of my teams won   smile  it's a good day 
can't wait for the fourth of july to see his family!  smile 
spent five hours of his life putting stupid photos on facebook  crap
needs a nap 
vote for fyi club once a day this month on the pepsi refresh project website!
orientation today!
got his ap scores today  the day before i needed them  hey-ell yes!
wouldn't mind if his roommate had a facebook account 
lunch with the youth group and the man u game with the nagengasts  good day!
cats can be hilarious or scary as hell 
got new glasses for the first time in five years!
moves tomorrow for the first time he can remember  two <propmale> never felt so far 
has internet!!!
"i swear there's a 30 year old in my math class! what the hell, yo!"
calc ii is lame  can i retake fangohr's bc calc class with everyone again?
"man, i need a soccer ball   "
feels like he lives in a ghost town  i remember people used to live here  where'd they go and why was i left behind?
is going rock climbing!
halfway to friday!
"needs a ball, a field, and no homework "
ate the most magnificent burger he has ever eaten!
can't remember the last time he got 2mm of facial hair in 4 days  proudest moment of my life 
loves his grandma and her chocolate chip oatmeal cookies   laugh 
did anyone else have get low playing in their head during midterms?
it is a good day!
is feelin' swagtastic!
"i was feeling sleepy, then i ate one of grandma <propfirst>'s magical cookies "
ran out of caramel syrup this morning  drat 
another good day 
shoulda been a cowboy   
calc ii suuuuuuuuucckks!!!
is sick  damn 
is having lunch with his mother this day 
's road trip with his pals was a success 
chemistry is the bane of my life 
"to all ricketts, scotts, kerrs, smiths, caseys, and fredricksons be warned: by thanksgiving i will have gone unshaven for 25 days "
i have a four <propfemale> paper to write today and i reeeeaaally don't feel like caring 
one more class  i'm gonna make it!
happy thanksgiving everyone!!
three days til a clean-shaven me!
one  more  day 
"got a haircut, saw <propfemale> b , finished the last lab of the semester, and gets hot chocolate later  today is a good day!"
"saw <propfirst> mraz tonight in person  yeah, you know you're jealous   smile "
two weeks left!!
will not be available for the next two days 
"finally finished his last english paper  life is good, yal!!"
's team just won the me 228 competition  eat my design skills!
oldmen-newman game at high noon at robinson field  be there 
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody!!
is d o n e  with finals!!!!!
"just got back from a sweet nebraska trip with dad, but i miss my ku-ne football game friends "
can't wait for the game tomorrow!
is lovin this community service trip w  my ku pals!
is back at the hall!
