e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2
"you know, i was half e playful ecting that fantasy to end, so it's less painful than i imagined it to be  it just makes me feel     numb  tired  strung out and unhealthy  weak from self-imposed ennui"
"trapped  fucking trapped in my house, in my clothes, in my skin  i need to get away  i need to do something irreversible  something outrageous  something that will change my outlook and my attitude  something to wake me up from this goddamned fog i'm in   "
"jesus h , i feel like shit  like i had a one-night stand with myself, woke up, and didn't like what i saw lying next to me "
"uh, whoa  this tobaccy is like alcohol      for my lungs"
holy shit sunday was fucking crazy 
is at her bestestestest friend <propfemale>'s house looking at <propfirst>'s and jako's dorky hiking escapades 
loves her senior pics!
"is struggling to understand the workings of my own mind, a fight that i have never had to face before "
"why, <propfemale> stewart-baxter! you taste like sunshine dust!"
"wants someone to ghetto-rig an amalgam of vlad the impaler, hannibal lecter, and <propfirst> walken using nothing more than radio wire and the left foot of a virgin chicken and then unleash said unholy frankenstein on all the dumbshits of the world "
thanks zoroaster for the <propfemale> that is the internet 
your word is: niggerfaggot
"loves him  he may be a pedophile, but goddammit, he's my pedophile "
"is walking through a fog, breathing it in, feeling it grab me and hold me still; it's disorienting, it's frustrating, and it has me frozen and stagnant "
"on and on, does anybody know what we are living for?"
can see the sky for the first time in weeks  *whew*
didn't start the flamewars   
"sitting in an english garden waiting for the sun  if the sun don't come, you get a tan from standing in the english rain "
it's too early to come up with anything clever 
come to believe the things that i tried were in my life just to get high on 
rawr!!! i miss <propfemale>     my brain feels like it's on speed    and i have concluded that practice acts are just as stressful as the real thing to me 
had a great time last night and can't wait to spend tomorrow with jako!
"just in time for the latest round of beatlemania, <propfemale> has the entire beatles discography on her ipod, on a single playlist and arranged chronologically   huzzah for uber-fandom "
is apparently the most unique girl in my class 
is ninety-nine percent certain that she is going to lyon college with mah best free-nd <propfemale>!
is wondering if it's all a pose  if it's just one more thing to make me miserable  if it would be giving up my power to reverse course  what i'll do from here  who i'll <propfemale> on from now on  how to e playful ress my wrenching grief 
"four days and counting until yours truly is legal legal legal!!!!!! <propfirst>'s majestic, here i come!!!!"
"hell no, i won't help save the private healthcare sector! fuck those heartless bastards!"
"is it just me, or is the air charged with electricity? i love the fall!"
feels in control for the first time in months 
"whoa, talk about typecasting    all the ads on my <propfemale> are related to lesbianism  (love the indigo girls?     want a girlfriend?        single gay women in your area!)"
"got a thirty on the act, is hangin wit liv, and likes to go for walks inside when the mood strikes her   living room, here i come!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
is astounded that the razorbacks are doing so well against miss state  i predict that this trend will not continue 
"got a $56,000 scholarship from lyon college!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and a hoodie  smile "
"<propfirst> lieberman, you are a fence-straddling <propmale>! vote for the damn <propmale> already!"
is tired  just plain tired 
is veeeeeeeeeeeeery relaxed  finally
has concluded that laughter is the only way to react  so i guess i'll just keep laughing     haha
"you're a bastard, you don't know it but it's honestly true, i wanted to bitch you out and make you hurt and confused but i didn't  anonymity wasn't good enough  i want you to feel my anger, feel how goddamn disgusting i find you  you're a piss-ant, an infuriating thought, a mere stepping stone to my maturity  i fucking hate you "
"what's on my mind, facebook? you really want to know what's on my mind? okay, well, if you insist  sex is on my mind, facebook! sex and how much i want it! satisfied, facebook? 'cuz i sure as hell am not!"
"'s mum is in the hospital, the non-jollity of which is compounded because she can't open her presents! hope you all enjoy yours  meanwhile, i'll be here         without my family       no minutes on my phone           staring at my unopened presents "
why in the world are we here? surely not to live in pain and fear  why on earth are you there    when you're everywhere? well we all shine on    like the <propfemale> and the stars and the sun  on and on and on 
all you sexy hermaphrodite lady-men-ladies  with your sexy lady-bits  and your sexy man-bits too    even you must be into you-ooh-ooh!
"is hangin' with a bunch of righteous-ass peeps, listening to dubstep and generally rockin' this joint! happy 2011 chaps!!!"
"dude, i literally stabbed myself in the effin' kneecap  as in    ouch  wow  there's the knife, which was just in my hand, sticking out of my kneecap       fuck!"
"ah, mr  lennon, i know the feeling  i definitely know the feeling "
"the harder it hits me, the less i seem to bruise "
i'd like to take this auspicious opportunity to say: the game to all my loving friends 
is currently existing without benefit of a working jaw  goddamn my awful fruit <propfemale> 
"all the girls around her say she's got it comin, but she gets it while she can "
"man, i hate humans  we feel the overwhelming need to fuck with everything we see without pausing and considering the consequences  chances are, if you think that interfering will help, you are ass-backward wrong  so leave shit alone!"
"if i needed someone to love, you're the one that i'd be thinkin' of "
the absolutely only thing i want to do in the perceivable future is       you 
clings         independently 
oh man  i will do awful things to him  i can see it now
"do you get off treating her the way you do, you son of a bitch? or is it just that you're too fucking cowardly? or maybe you're damaged  i could forgive you if you were damaged  now? i just think you're mean  goddamn mean "
"aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrgh             i want it so much, i can taste it        "
"is wishing that her dream were real  take that, laws of physics!"
is back in the ussr 
goddamn my life sucks right now
intergalactic rapists rawr !
"suddenly, wants a guacamole burger "
"my mouth is full of worthless sounds, and worn-out sentences"
would like to take this opportunity to tell the gnomes comprising the matter that is her head to stop beating each other with sledgehammers
"blasphemous thought of the day: jesus loves me more, because he can't have me!"
"is giving up sugar and masturbation for lent  bring it on, temptation "
"dear <propfirst> clapton, you want to send me four free tickets to your show in chicago this summer  love, a willing groupie, <propfemale> "
"ringo: congratulations on your album, ke$ha  ke$ha: congratulations on being a fuckin' beatle! like"
"thank you, universe, for such wonderful, magical kisses "
is worried about him    but never fear! for there is chocolate and libations and i'll see him again soon 
"just look at me, sacredly, religiously, hungrily, and let your eyes say please; i will not leave "
can somebody please remove these cutleries from my knees?
"you know when i'm down to my socks it's time for business, that's why they're called business socks, ooh!"
"dear mononucleosis: you have 48 hours to completely resolve yourself before i kick each individual virus-y ass i see  goddammit, these plans will be delayed no more  no more i say!"
"'s neck is awfully, deliciously sore "
"well you should see polythene <propfemale>    she's so good lookin' but she looks like a man    well you should see her in drag, dressed in a polythene bag, yes you should see polythene <propfemale>  yeah, yeah, yeah "
"i think when my sister (@<propfemale> paph-rose) gets pissed her ethnically-inclined ass translates to her vocal cords and gives her an ethnically-inclined slurry accent  i dub this her \assitude\"" """
"i read the news today, oh boy    about a lucky man who made the grade  he blew his mind out in a car; he didn't notice that the lights had changed    a crowd of people stood and stared        i'd love to turn you on "
"crying won't help you, praying won't do you no good "
"i miss you, and i want you "
well do you don't you want me to love you?
alas  the dream is dead 
"i'm in the mood for a romance movie  only instead of the lovers running into each others' arms and living a fairytale, i want the dude to get testicular cancer and become a eunuch and i want the woman to burn off all her hair permanently with corrosive acids  then i want them to adopt a midget named bingo and live with each other for the rest of their pathetic lives   now that would be entertainment "
"krikey  what i want right now is a djarum, that killer pair of silver heels, and <propmale>  when is that pesky higher power going to get its shit together and cater to my every whim?"
"this is not the way it's supposed to be  this issue is over, dead, an ex-issue  dredging it up will bring nothing good  can you not effing understand the level of anxiety here? i really don't think you understand, but even so, i can't quite forgive you "
"is wondering why, suddenly, every aspect of my life is collapsing all at once?"
"clean room  do homework  stay hydrated  keep existing, one bloody step at a time "
"i feel like i've been drugged into compliance, like my willpower has been sucked out of me, like there's no point struggling anymore "
"wow  i'm getting ready for bed, taking my antidepressants, and i spill them  all of them  all  fifty  of them  under various pieces of heavy, cat-hair-encrusted furniture  with several bored cats nearby  so i would like to just say, higher power, fuck you very much too "
"i wanna tell her how hot she is, but she'll think i'm being sexist  she's so hot, she's makin' me sexist  bitch!"
all i have to do is hear your voice and i'm breathless and dizzy and desperate for you 
"six inches of snow on the second day of spring= epic fail  putting fat <propmale> into the snow, forcibly= priceless "
is a bit ashamed of herself for all the bali <propmale> cigarettes she's been smoking lately 
"dude i had the craziest dream last night     <propfirst> lautner and <propmale> brother number two came up to me all sexy and asked if i wanted to have a threesome with them  to my immense pride, my dream-self turned them both down flat, citing that they were beneath my usual caliber partner and that i have a boyfriend who's twice as sexy as they ever dreamed of being  aaah    satisfaction "
"you know, <propfirst> takei should narrate porn  not only is his voice the perfect creepy-stalker-guy level, but the irony would be enjoyable "
rawr happiness! <propfirst> is in town!
just bought the most adorable vintage lace corset! who's coming with me to bbbbq this year? i'd like to avoid a repeat of grabby drunk bearded old guy 
gaaa       he's so hot!!
has got an urge to pillage your arse!
"teleprompter for my life; invite wine to the night, my body can't get no relief "
"\you can go your entire fucking life without seeing a midget twirling fire  value this e playful erience \"""""
'cause you know we're never better than that  some days we're worse than you can imagine  and how am i supposed to live with that?  with all these train wrecks comin' at random 
"oh my my, oh hell yes!"
"so, so, so sore  but you give me that look and it's round two "
too many mind + massive headache = ice cream for dinner 
"week-old bag of wank, why gee, that's what my mind feels like! not many fucking uses for wank brains "
              really? really  and i should feel like an awful person because        ?
suddenly realizes that the eye of sauron kinda looks like a vagina 
"indecision may indeed be a way of life, but it still sucks  come on, brain! keep up!"
is pondering the implications of naughtiness 
"dear person who has the 3rd mistborn book: my reading pleasure is more important to me than yours  so, in the spirit of, well, giving me what i want, i humbly request that you promptly return the afore-mentioned book to fpl  and by promptly, i mean immediately  humbly yours, <propfemale>"
"\give me head! give me head!\"""""
"is there a real fucking democrat in the state of arkansas?? i'm actually considering voting for <propmale> fucking halter, for chrissakes!"
"if i did any more weeding, i'd be high "
"i've never wanted this  logically, i know i'd regret it forever  so why do i have to keep telling myself no?"
can hardly wait for fifa 2010!!!!!!!!! let's not get ass-raped by the italians this year!
"may my voice be like a sunbeam, may my lips be like the juice of the strawberries  may i be an island in the sea, may i be a hill on the land, may i be a <propfemale> when the <propfemale> wanes, may i be a staff to the weak one: i shall wound every man, no man shall wound me "
there is no satisfaction like the satisfaction i get from you        you made beltane truly magical  i love you so much 
"eyebrow piercing, or bondage set? piercing or bondage? piercing or bondage? can't decide! people, help me make up my mind!"
money      get back  grab that cash with both hands and make a stash 
"we are given to a god, to put our faith therein  but to be forgiven, we must first believe in sin "
"okay, laws of physics, you may now bend yourselves to my will "
has had a sick headache all day    the type that makes your entire body simultaneously hot and cold and gross feeling all over  bleh 
"ah, the lure of escapism  what is it that i'm looking for?"
"dear universe, it would be very nice if suddenly a kiln dropped out of the sky, as well as the materials to make several thousand dichroic glass beads  also, detailed knowledge pertaining to the making of dichroic glass beads  thank you for your hasty cooperation  love <propfemale>"
a vote: bikini or edgy one-piece for me for 2010?
just got the most amazing lunchbox! <propfemale> trek ftw!!
feels like someone borrowed my brain and used it as a martini shaker  note to self: taking a break from antidepressants for an entire month may not be the best idea i've ever had 
ozzie's new anthem= love ^100th  let me hear you scream!!!
"feels fresh and springy  tie-dye, hemp jewelry and comfy jeans tend to do this to me "
"is more than a little disgusted with arkansas politics  as a democrat, what do i have to choose between? blue dog, blue dog, and thinly veiled conservative dumbass  nonetheless- everyone remember to vote tomorrow!"
"don't you love it when you're in that sick stupor, half awake and half asleep, and a parent comes in with a glass of water and says, here, take this, and you just take it because mummy knows best and so you can try to sleep, and then when you wake up hours later your head feels full of agitated bees and helium? i just fucking love that "
"i'm so tired of being fucked with  if you want to fuck with me, fine  but i fuck back "
the man in the crowd with the multi-colored mirrors on his hobnail boots 
"really, really wants to go semi-skinny dipping with <propmale> boyd-goodlett!"
"the more i see, the less i know, the more i'd like to let it go  hey oh "
"it's silly and petty and small, but it hurts  so much that it makes my throat tighten and my eyes sting  but that's okay, isn't it? it hurts, but in the end, it makes little difference "
"the next ad i see that says anything even remotely close to \viva italia 2010\"" is going to get a swift kick in the meatballs """
"i'm so tired     there's so much to say, and so little time in which to say it, so i'll give you the condensed version  fuck off, you sadistic motherfucking son of a cunt, and rot in hell "
is searching for cathartic things to do and think 
"sometimes, the only way to feel better is to get completely, utterly fuckered, and feel nothing "
"\well that certainly was an interesting use for a banana  now go wash your hands  and burn the banana \"" i love you sleep talkin man!"""
"me: omg i want you so much right now \nick: then get off \me: masturbation is a bummer compared to the real thing \nick: no, i meant off of work sunday \me: oooooooh  i like the other one better "
"you know, it's been almost three years since we marched the pirates show, but i remain addicted to the music  remember how epic that show was, guys?"
"is already laughing maniacally at all the people who have hope for the usa in the world cup  give it up, people  there's a reason americans like football instead of soccer  and that reason is that we suck at soccer!"
"damn, i'm miserable  lonely lonely lonely  i don't even know why "
has ripped pigeon stuck in her head  smile 
"sitting in nucor auditorium, about to register for classes! lyon class of 14!!"
"is an official, card-carrying, schedule-possessing <propfemale> "
"australia, you should be ashamed "
"do the french have the same fetish with french maids as we non-french types do, or is it just fucking the help to them?"
"not tonight, <propfemale> "
has a deep and abiding love of standardized testing 
"wants to have a sleepover in the broom closet with <propmale>, <propfemale> and <propfirst>  smile "
"dude, <propfemale> goes fast in my house  take that as you will"
loves <propfemale> flavored lip gloss  smile  let the <propfemale> <propfirst> comparisons commence!
"dear english goalie,\well, that was an unfortunate game  i recommend guided imagery therapy to help you get over the crushing sense of shame  also, an armed guard against the angry mobs when you get back to england  jesus, man  you are to the english what bp is to <propfemale> right now: target numero uno  good luck with the nightmares, <propfemale>"
"now i've reached that age, i try to do all those things the best i can "
wants <propmale> 
's head is very throbby 
"yjomld oy'd sredp,r ejrm upi yu[r dp,ryjomh vp,[;ryr;u piy pm;u yp trs;oxr yjsy yjr rmyotr yo,r  upi ertr pmr lru pgg "
that slut done <propmale> up on me four times!
"there is no agony like the agony of a truly great \that's what she said\"" remaining unspoken  sigh     these family types """
is excited about getting to know her roommate!
"it is i, the kobe <propmale>!"
"is still kind of wondering about this story involving her boyfriend and a donkey      <propmale> boyd-goodlett, you never did clear that up     "
bagel bagel bagel      nom nom nom nom     
"let us not, dear friends, forget our dear friends the cuttlefish "
"after much thoughtful consideration about my high school e playful erience, i've come to the conclusion that it is remarkably similar to soft-core porn: it's boring, poorly acted, usually awkward, too e playful ensive, highly disappointing, underfunded, unconvincing, and generally lackluster in a much-ado-about-nothing, fail kind of way; in other words, more trouble than they're worth "
"how's this for ownage? i drop out of high school for health reasons and feel like shit for months, and then i get my ged results and i've scored in the 98th percentile  without going to classes  or studying  or paying attention in school for the past, oh, high school  so, elkins high school, get bent "
is sometimes astounded by how absolutely gorgeous her wonderful boyfriend is  thank you for last night  laugh 
do i detect a usa  ghana rivalry?
i think i'll go be violently sick for a while      righteous 
"fuck this, fuck my depression, fuck trying to communicate, fuck how i feel, fuck it  fuck it all  i'm exhausted from all this emotional bullshit, and it's only been two years  i have to deal with this for the rest of my life, and this is how i feel after two fucking years? something tells me i'm just not going to make it  this depression is stronger than me and it will win"
lemonade heals     everything  except enamel 
"diving off a thirty-foot <propmale>? fuck yes, righteous  water up the nose from said dive? bummer  hope <propmale> boyd-goodlett's left side doesn't stay that way"
"<propfemale>, won't you slow down? <propfemale>, stop at the next town  <propfemale>, won't you turn around? <propfemale>, i want you right now  <propfemale>, c'mon baby, let's go home!                    mr  <propmale>!"
"you know, i could prolly fool catholics with that outfit  of course, there are a bunch of catholics looking to be fooled too "
"              in retrospect, not the best idea i've ever had "
"so my body is an ugly bag of mostly ouch, which was e playful ected "
"mom: \mon dieu!\""\",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,"if c'est la vie, then la vie can suck mine "
maintains that brazil losing to the fucking netherlands is a sick fluke  oh well     there's always germany to cheer for  four to one vs  england?? whatthefuck??
"i've been really sarcastic with <propfemale> lately, and i think it's taking it personally   "
"seriously, divine thing, have i pissed you off, or do you just like making my life complicated?"
"less than $1000 total out-of-pocket fees for my first semester at a private school? in so many words, fucking righteous yeeeeaaaaahhhhahahaaaa !!"
aaauugghhhhh       germany        why               
"the weirdest feeling is when you're piercing your ear and suddenly the needle pops out the back and stabs you in the thumb  it's like, pain, pain, pain, different pain!!"
               at least now both ears hurt?
loves how international soccer fans don't think twice about booing a bad play  maybe americans should try this type of public humiliation
"*during a really sexy song, with sexual tension all heavy*\nick: are you ready? two words for you  ready?\me: uuuuhh yes     \nick: clown costumes"
"renée janski, thank you "
"okay, so spain won          bugger  that's twice now the laws of physics didn't bend themselves instantly to my will  gotta rein them bastards in eh?"
"<propfemale> palin, shut your fucking whore mouth before i get <propmale> to stick something in it  and by something i mean his penis !!  ahh       democrat juice      "
started packing yesterday      egad  thirty-two days and counting
"<propmale> cheney is proof that the good die young       c'mon, five heart attacks and he doesn't die?? he's like one of those freaky clown balloony things that never stay down!! actually, that's a really apt metaphor     he's about as intelligent, attractive, pertinent, engaging, et cetera, et cetera, ad nauseum as one of those monstrosities "
looking forward to spending time with my two favorite peer-types 
"the more time i spend with you, the more i'll cry when i have to leave you "
several questions  what was in the boxes? where was he going? and why oh why was he pulling himself along with his legs in a wheelchair on the shoulder of the road???
"i just love it when fat <propmale> gets so agonizingly peckish that he rushes over to the food bowls     only to find them empty  yeah, bitch  throw that up in your vomitorium"
"conclusion: warming lube has many uses, and that's not one of them "
"the nice thing about practicing an earth-based religion           it's really, really hard to have a crisis of faith "
is typing this status on her brand-spanking new 13 inch macbook pro 
it's decided: the computer's name is <propmale>  good strong scottish name for a <propmale> used at lyon 
i get so fucking tired of my dad and his need to control things  less than a month until all that is over for good!
"drown me down by the cold tide, hold back my hair from the waves  and when i've breathed my last, bless my bones in their green water grave  bless my bones in their green water grave "
"has reached that exquisite level of pissed-off where it becomes acceptable to scream, cry, and punch large solid things until either they fall down, or i do "
"green satin <propfemale> hepburn-esque heels       gorgeous      perfect size      for five bucks  thank you, goddess, for providing yet another fix for my festering shoe addiction "
now <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>    what have we been told about this improprietous behavior     
"dear <propmale> boyd-goodlett,\'grats  you've doomed me to a life of unquenchable thirst for ever more magic cards \now every time i go to walmart, i'll lust after them \how does that make you feel, aside from immensely self-satisfied? rawr, <propfemale>"
must     play      magic       
and so i wish you joy from him until your dying day 
"oh mah gawd my hair is so short           i was like, shave the back, shave the back                           and she did "
this macbook is my child  my child i say
"my heart aches and i can't breathe when i think about leaving you  your smell, your skin against mine, the low-lidded intense look in your eyes, the soft way you wake me up, your fingers twined in my hair, your oh-so-innocent smile, your deep <propmale> voice, your very presence make me feel safe and beautiful and bold  i don't know about goodbye "
yeah    when they say 8 gigs they mean more like 7      i feel cheated out of a thousand songs  batches 
"what's on my mind? <propmale>, and our dwindling time together "
"one week from today is the move     i need to see so many people: <propfirst> stay, grace heymsfield, <propmale> robinson, <propfemale> <propfemale>; <propmale>, i can't not see you; <propfemale> and <propmale>, it's a duh; i can't even list all the people i want to see  you guys need to stay in touch before i move "
fought a bull                   and won
"hey guys, guess what!\keep on readin'  how are you? i hope you are fine  \i am not fine  as you can no doubt tell from me hanging here from this here ceiling fixture  you are the ones that drove me to this  i was doing just fine before you fuckers came along  i hope you're happy now that i'm goddamn dead  signed, the corpse in this room  ps  fuck you people!!\-<propfirst> carlin, the suicide guy"
"this is the single hardest thing i have ever in my life gone through emotionally, bar none "
holding you close undisturbed before a fire  the pressure in my chest when you breathe in my ear  we both knew this would happen  when you first appeared
"lyon choir: \       goooooooooooooood         \""\",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,never have i ever played strip never have i ever in college           before last night
"so, with one fell swoop, my reputation is even better than it was in high school  huzzah for stripping randomly"
there is finally a way to make militantly heretical <propfemale> go to church every sunday       and that way is monetary reimbursement to the tune of $1200 
has a goal      and the goal is good  and the goal shall be achieved  double quick
it makes me feel deliciously superior and somehow less of a freshman watching all the other freshmen moving in a week after me  heh heh heh 
this silver nail polish makes me feel like <propfemale> paltrow from iron man
well        this is certainly une playful ected
"is positively a makin' love without doin' it whore  i've successfully made love to four or five people, in public, in the last ten minutes  score"
"don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, just want my cigarette, hush; don't call my name, don't call my name, <propmale> "
"the way we look to a distant constellation that's dying in the corner of the sky \these are the days of miracle and wonder, and don't cry, baby \don't cry, don't cry, don't cry  mmmmm      "
ah      such craziness       <propfemale> is pleased
insert ellipses here
"dr  plaag at 8 surprise 0, dr  stinson at 11 surprise 0  i'll so take this schedule for my first day of college!"
feels like an epic fail
"burned out? confused? apathetic? overly anticipatory? in a nutshell, what the fuck??"
doesn't know what she wants  but at least she knows that much
"woke up at 6 smile 0  7 surprise 0 for breakfast, decided breakfast just wasn't that important, slept 'til 7:40, rushed around trying to find my schedule and which 8 surprise 0 class i was going to be late to, found my schedule, and discovered my first class is at 10 surprise 0  in essence, hufuckin'zzah for no 8 surprise 0 classes m, w, or f!!!"
"so      math is my weak subject      and i answered more of dr  sonnier's questions than i did dr  bordeau's  question <propfirst>, question <propfirst>, question <propfirst> "
wants something really really crazy to happen!!!!!!
"wants a long, nuzzle-y cuddle "
"still wants a long, touchy-feely, rub-my-entire-body-all-over-you cuddle  any takers??"
mmmmmmmm 
"it's like i've died and      and been reincarnated somewhere much more    hmm, how to say this?       stimulating "
well last night was                fruitful
"these campus bikes, aside from being notoriously stealthy, scare the living bajeezus out of me with their tallness     and heaviness     and pedal-brakes     and ridiculously screwy handlebars  positively eek-worthy, dude "
aaaaarrrrgggghhh
totally enjoys watching christian fail at conquering ireland
the consequences will never be the same 
"ouch, but yes  ouch, but yes "
"no sah massah, <propmale>' beat me no mo'! mah name's tobay!"
"i'm a bitch because at night when i'm falling asleep, i hope you're dying inside a little without me  and by a little, i mean a whole goddamn bunch "
"*gasp*! fox news used a word longer than three syllables! however can they pander to their weak-minded, rhetoric-spouting, mono-syllabic audience if they exceed the bounds of their comprehension??? oh wait, right, it's fox news       who fucking needs to understand what they're saying "
"overactive brain + absolute fucking rage + apathy + bad decisions = self-abuse  depression  yippeefuckingkiyay, here we go again "
cramps        ohthanksweeteffinjehosophat
just sang for jesus      for money  can't forget that part 
is thoroughly puzzled 
"is finally getting shit done, and very psyched about it!!"
"hasn't been this empowered in a long, long, long time \on another note       \par-tay tonight ow ow!!!!"
what oh what oh what to say  not what i thought of today
and not a single word misspelled  talent      talent i say
shenanigans!!!!!!
"\simba!\"" - christian orton"""
lives in fear of stepping on butterflies when walking under the crabcherry trees on apartment row 
"can't wait for the waffle rave, dude      thar be lazers     and they be green and trippy "
gawd bless zbt 
uber-unproductive day is           quite unproductive 
"'s mind is about as useful as a compound fracture, and almost as inconvenient "
"isn't it funny when you sit back and truly think about yourself and suddenly realize that, if you had observed your current self ten years ago, your little mind would have been absolutely blown? doesn't that just trip your shit right out?"
can feel the blisters coming up on her picking fingers  already 
merde merde merde merde fucking merde!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"loves the feeling of this long, hard thing in her hand"
"\yeah           i tend to fuck asses \"""""
"god damn you, timoteo guajardo \\(but thanks )"
rawr frustration aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacccchh
"am i wearing a corset in my new profile picture? why yes, yes i am "
sick sick siiiiiiiiiiick
"needs some meaningless physical contact: no emotions, no repercussions, no thought  just contact  because being alone is shitty "
thinks dr  plaag is pretty much amazing for letting her skip class this morning 
sigh
"don't you hate it when you're sleeping, and then suddenly you're not?"
"going to jacksonville this weekend with my dear, sweet roomie <propfemale> mashburn-sanders for some much-needed girl time  goddamn it'll be good to get away from campus "
wrath postponed 
"\why would you do that???\"" <-- <propfirst> farris!"""
"<propfemale> mashburn-sanders            \\*shakes head*"
"yes, master, may i have another?"
"can't slow down, can't hold back  although you know i wish i could \no, there ain't no rest for the wicked  until we close our eyes for good"
gasp! that's it! fucking eureka!
running on a constant low-level panic will one day kill me  not to be morbid or anything lol
"\jen: 0  taoism: 1 \"" - <propfirst> farris \",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,"'s entire body hurts: my neck from a pinched nerve or six, my throat from residual sickness, my ears from the wrenching and digging of pierce-age (thanks again <propfemale> nettles, and feel better), all my sneaky bruises, and everything else from yoga "
"ohmahfuckingawd  this day has been productive if for no other reason than that dearest maeleen arce and i both discovered we can sing a high c sharp  i cannot believe a noise like that can come from my vocal chords  mae: \apparently you haven't had great sex yet \""\",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,still trippin' on that high c sharp 
yesterday: shaky but there high c sharps  today: singin' for jesus       as a tenor  fuck yeah range
"tu es toujours mon rêve, et la règle mon cœur "
loves seeing all those lazy zbts all dressed up and snazzy 
has a goddamn migraine  fml man
lyon college wifi: making snail mail a viable option since whenever it was installed 
"a night of revelations, and also of cruel irony "
zeta beta what? zeta beta tau!
"ah, college  where you wake up and think, great, two hours to class         then realize it's actually 6 pm, and you just slept all goddamn day "
"ohmahgawd all of my album editing got erased         fuck it  i'll do it tomorrow \\       well, later today "
"random question in theatre: \is that really realistic? can you actually lay there and be strangled without fighting?\""\",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,yoooooooohoooooooooooo!
dun goof'd up mah knee 
dun goof'd up mah knee        again  d'oh!!
so apparently a macbook pro can withstand a twelve-foot drop 
gravity: 0  macbook: 1 
misses <propmale> boyd-goodlett  i still love you so much   
rather impressed with my slowly-increasing abilities      
"braaaaaaaaiiiiins      i mean, peniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis      "
"gawdammit fuck my life!!!!!!!!! aaaaarrrghggh!!!!!!!!!\\(facebook deleted all my chapelwalk pics      afuckinggain      this is the third goddamn time [third fucking time!!!!!]       chapelwalk is by far the most labor-intensive goddamn motherfucking sonofabitch album to publish        ahaharrrgh)"
"addendum to my previous angst  obscenity- filled status \if you were at zbt chapelwalk, please god tag yourself in my pics  i've done this three times already  i ain't doin' it again  \at a later date, when i am not busy beating my head against various objects, i will re-re-re-re-add what i like to think are clever commentary  \in conclusion, fuck my life  and facebook's "
need    cat      need      cat     must have       caaaaaaaat
"dear <propmale> butler, i want your body  so, next tuesday at six? kgreatthanks  yours in any way you want, <propfemale>"
beatlemania!!
"\you know what would be awesome? if we found a baby possum \""\",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,today i: passed my french midterm with an a-; got a spectacular new phone; received a wonderful birthday care package from my parents; got my (healthy) bloodwork back; realized fall break is next week; and sang my heart out  life is workin' out okay for me right now 
"what the hell am i going to be for halloween, aside from sexy and in a very witchy mood??"
"well, tomorrow night should be absolutely smashing "
"is having a wonderful birthday  thanks to all who've wished me so!!\\        and the day is still young     heh heh heh"
bring on the night 
"thank you again to all the wonderful people who wished me a happy birthday (even if it was belated)  nothin' says you're loved like meaningless electronic contact lolololol \\(              completely a joke      facebook is the center of my life!)"
"ahemhahemhem  to all of my fayette-villain friends, i will be in the faytown no later than midnight today  if you want to see me (and you'd better), inform me thusly and it'll be a partay  i'll be there until sunday, so get it while it's hot!"
lovin' faytown!
damn my libido 
"         well, in relation to my previous status, the penultimate irony (yes, capital i) is even more penultimately ironic "
"has a sleeping <propfirst> farris in her arms, and he's ever so adorable  smile "
's goddamn motherfucking sonofabitch purse ate her ring   annoyed 
 sad 
south park makes the world a better place
4 am tarot readings with a couple zs? why the hell not 
"i don't think i can accurately convey the feelings of rage and confusion i'm subjected to over facebook, but in an attempt, i want to say fuck this, fuck all of it, fuck it "
really wants a milkshake  or six 
"gawddammit, runescape "
"ain't even mad \\well, not about that bullshit  but that other bullshit- oh gir'friend "
"am i a bad person for holding a deep, passive-aggressive grudge on someone who has done me little to no harm intentionally, or is it my right as a petty and emotional human being who hasn't gotten their way?"
"is very grateful for her support network  that was the longest, most degrading 3 1 2 days of my life  lyon people: don't worry, i'm okay, and you'll have information soon enough "
is astoundingly self-confident for someone who has no idea who the hell they are 
is astoundingly self-confident for someone who has no idea who the hell they are 
i know i'm at home when i can lay down at night and listen to the dueling snores of my dad and my cat 
misses lyon college 
wants <propfirst>  annoyed 
would really rather not be alive 
is okay 
anyone know how to get weatherman to email me back?
loves top model!
"i really want one of those uber-sexy, super understanding friends that i can fuck  cry on  talk to about anything  ogle at my leisure  girls are welcome to apply as well      wink "
<propfemale> palin can kiss my liberal ass 
is terrible at getting back to people  sorry all    
"i would like it to be known that if you decide to blindly read your way through it, even if it's only names, attempting to pronounce norwegian is somewhat frustrating  screw you too, romance languages "
wants more than anything to go back to lyon in the spring
<propfirst> thrashing is for teh lolz
"you know, i underestimated pop culture  it, like all human creations, is simply a product of our need to feel at least okay with ourselves; we glamorize what we know is wrong, but cannot give up  that being said, you don't need a gun to play russian roulette "
"\i feel like i'm saying    words \"" - <propfirst> farris"""
just had her ever-loving mind blown      by the fact that emmey <propfemale> jaynes and <propmale> garver are now mutual squeezes  mucho grats you two! so happy for ya!
loves <propfirst> farris sooooooo much 
is finding it hard to be positive
gettin' my testosterone on 
"is sending good energy to her dear, sweet, perfect puppy  i love you "
the best thing about south park? no laugh track- you actually have to figure out when to laugh all by yourself  (gasp!)
        i sense debauchery approaching          
"debauchery approached      and i stepped up to the \plate\""      <propfemale> <propfemale> humphrey"""
is with her dear sweet wonderful perfect <propfirst>!
"round 2 with mono  impossible, you say? i thought so too! apparently, i'm just goddamn special!"
"hail to odin, the alfodr, who with gungnir his spear in hand and runes of power on his lips may hopefully someday beat wisdom into my thick brass skull "
rush zbt! i'm so bummed i can't be at chapelwawk!!!
<propmale> congratulations to all the new zbt bros at lyon!!! you are a great batch of guys! zeta beta what? zeta beta tau!!!!!!!!!
really needs to work on this astral projection thing     being snowbound is really starting to wear on my nerves     oi 
"so i just made my first torque from some leftover copper electrical wire using nothing but a pair of needlenose pliars and my bare hands  needless to say, i feel like a frickin' boss "
"it doesn't take much at all to fuck my head up these days  of course, having neither health, nor freedom, nor money, nor prospects can do that to you "
wop wop wop 
"\that bassline sounds like optimus prime jacking the fuck off \"" -saxton hatman"""
"you and i wake up in jail together *gasp* using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment, please copy and paste this to your status so i may comment on yours as well "
"\go to your profile  the top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how f-d are you?\""\",e662cea228718239f0784b71a1033bb2,is it possible to wonder rationally whether you are a sociopath?
"and so, i'll be found, with my stake stuck in this ground, marking the territory of this newly empassioned soul "
i think i'm falling in love with the singer's voice from mumford & sons  *heartfelt sigh*
was it love or fear of the cold that led us through the night?
"pissed off, bored, annoyed at the world     definitely time for some angry sex "
i dreamt last night that i rushed zbt and somehow got in  it was the best dream of my life 
"watching fried green tomatoes  run, big geo'ge, run!!"
starbright is sitting in front of my computer hopelessly torn between chasing the mouse icon on the screen and dipping her paw in my water glass  lol 
"ah, watching men beat the living shit out of each other in skirts and fancy armour  no better way to spend a sunday afternoon "
rune-carving 
"runes are finished! whew! in other news: camping for spring break with <propfirst> farris, <propmale> carmical, and various other awesome people  score "
"<propfirst> trump, suck my liberal balls  ain't no way you're gonna be president, toupee man "
misses lyon and all the righteous people there 
forgot how awesome <propmale> gill is     but then i remembered 
"is so horny tonight  damn you, celibacy, damn you!"
"anxiety, boredom, no job, no money, depression, mono  the story of my fucking life"
     sigh
"only gage davidson could make a day in which my therapist told me that i've been massively underestimating my level of depression better with two words    and those two words are \fuck celibacy \"""""
"ahhh, lyon  how i miss thee  fayetteville in the spring isn't bad though  laugh "
