ccc1cf16cba5e4aaac38803666f20e6c
is so proud of my girls!!! they did suck a good job at state 
had a long day!!! i need a bubble bath 
is watching drop dead <propfirst>!!!! love it : )
is loving the sun!
hates my phone at the moment!
is so excited for this weekend!
had an amazing weekend!
is the luckiest girl in the world   smile 
is hanging out with <propmale>  smile 
loves bubble baths!!!
is so excited for vegas!!!!!!
is not looking forward to school tomorrow!
's back hurts really bad  sad 
is over hw already and its only the 2nd week of school
so over this week  cant wait for it to be over!
"is so excited, i just found out im gonna be an auntie!!!!"
my satillite lived!!!! launch was amazing today!
so ready for break and the semester to be over!!!
is going to the <propfemale> tonight!!!
is so ready for break!
i never thought i would be so happy for it to be 20 degrees outside!
is officially on break!!!!
had a really bad day!  sad 
just got a new car!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"excited for the <propfemale> tonight, girls night out!!!!"
just found out im gonna have a nephew!!!!  smile 
is having a horrible night!
"i close my eyes and, i kiss that frog each time finding the more boys i meet the more i love my dog!"
i love bubble baths!
just got back from seeing <propfemale> in wonderland!  smile 
"got a new phone, i need peoples <propfirst>  smile "
going to the <propfemale> tonight! i love girls nights  smile 
had a blast and a half at the <propfemale>  smile 
just had a very random night    but non the less a night to remember!
i love the <propfemale>!!! had so much fun tonight!  smile 
all registered for classes  smile 
is ready for summer  i need to get away!!!!!
"the friends i’ve made, the long lost lovers  i wouldn’t be who i am today  if not for those i’ve loved along the way"
wants it to be friday already 
is officially on summer vacation
got a new laptop!!! so excited  smile 
is a proud auntie of baby <propmale>! 6lbs 12 oz   smile 
my nephew is so cute  i love that little man!
is excited for ladies night tomnorrow!
had so much fun tonight!
what a long day!!!!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
vegas in 2 days!!!!
vegas!!!
i could really use a hug right about now!  sad 
"needs a drink, who wants to go out tonight?"
hates guys at the moment! why are men liers and cheats?
wants to do know if i can have a do over!
cant sleep   have too much on my mind 
had an amazing night!  laugh 
ladies night tonight!  smile 
"i close my eyes  and, i kiss that frog  each time finding, the more boys i meet the more i love my dog"
going to go see <propfirst> st  cloud  smile 
got to <propfemale> out with someone who always makes me smile  today was a good day!
"so proud of my boys, they did so good at state tonight!"
"just got my hair done, love it!  smile "
"meteor shower tomorrow night, who wants to watch with me?"
"ladies night and a meteor shower, tonight is gonna be an amazing night  smile "
<propfirst> <propfirst> tonight!
"summer where did you go, im not ready for school yet!  sad "
i love ladies night  smile 
so frustrated right now!
had an amazing night  smile 
"at age 4:mom knows everything  age 8:mom knows a lot  at 12:mom doesn’t really know everything  at 14:mom doesn’t know anything  at 16:mom doesn’t exist  at 18 annoyed he’s old fashioned at 25:maybe mom does know about this  at 35:before we decide, let’s ask mom,at 45:i wonder what mom thinks about this?  at 75:i wish i co   uld ask my mom about this post this if you have or had the best mom in the world! i love my mommy!!"
i love working out!  smile 
i feel like im loosing my way!
"i'm so happy right now, i could scream!  smile "
so excited for tonight!
not looking forward to this week coming up!
so stressed!  sad 
so over life at the moment!
"i need a workout <propmale>, anyone interested?"
"i pray you pass out drunk with your best friend and wake up with his and her tattoos  i pray a flowerpot falls from a window sill and knocks you in the head like i'd like to \just know wherever you are, near or far, in your house or in your car, wherever you are <propfemale>, i pray for you "
"\god only knows where we would be without soldiers and jesus \"""""
so over school   my head hurts  sad 
love my girls! had so much fun tonight!!!
am i still enough?
hey everyone  go to gerber com and vote for my nephew <propmale> please  find him by searching photos and typing in <propmale> <propmale>  thanks for your votes!
"sangria and a night out with the girls, tonight is gonna be a goodnight!"
fml!!!
so excited for <propmale> potter!!!
cowboy lounge tomorrow night! who is coming?
so frustrated!!!
just can't seem to catch a break!!
so excited for ladies night at the <propfemale>!!!
here's a # thats is not a game>>5825  that's how many troops have been killed in iraq & afghanistan protecting our way of life  now that's a status i'd like to see on everyone's <propfemale> 
can't catch a break  sad 
lunar eclipse tonight!!! who wants to watch?
nothing is better than a bubble bath and a good book!!!
"??if your mom is your hero, your best friend, or just the best mom ever  if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom and that you love her dearly you can replace a lot of people in life but you only have one mom ??? ???? i love you mom! ??? "
amazing night last night with the girls    
i need a break from my life right now!!
cant it be ladies night already?
"i need a drink, what a day i've had!!!!"
