624bf7475ccec0f13a279780f243add3
happy new year!!
one more <propfemale> girl down     it is so sad  i love the <propfemale> girls 
"\the only normal people are the ones you don't know very well \"" - <propfirst> ancis"""
a new basket is in the works  i am completely hooked on the basket weaving 
"okay just watched the weirdest documentary ever\    yet i recomend it to everyone if only to see how fucked up some \people really are      it is called \waiting for armageddon\""     watch \",624bf7475ccec0f13a279780f243add3,"i found a one of my favorite quotes in a box this weekend     no idea who said it  \in a dream you saw a way to survive and you were full of joy \"""""
hot     and not in a good way 
butter cake is so good     yet so bad 
sunday is national ice cream day     how will you celebrate?
is anyone interested in doing a soapmaking party this weekend  i have all the supplies and think it would be fun (plus there will be tons of soap to go around    about 5 pounds) 
"ok so i not much of a god person by i love <propfemale>'s god pin  \yes god always answers prayer     'no' is a valid answer \"""""
"ok so i not much of a god person but i love <propfemale>'s god pin  \yes god always answers prayer     'no' is a valid answer \"""""
"ok so i am not much of a god person but i love <propfemale>'s god pin  \yes god always answers prayer     'no' is a valid answer \"""""
i want a canadian     how much do you think they go for?
happy friday the 13th!!!! one of the best days of the year (i always have a good friday the 13th) 
reno pride is today     how fun!
\we're watching you,"\"" whispered the voice on the other end  \"624bf7475ccec0f13a279780f243add3,no mouse is cute enough to be in the dining area     but really i dont need to see the blood spatter either 
"it is not a question of your environment or those around you, nor what the organization or leaders may be like  to be swayed by such externals is pointless  it all comes down to one person: you  what matters is that you become a brilliant beacon, shining with joy and happiness and live your life with confidence and courage  if you shine with a radiant light, there can be no darkness in your life"
"advancement—nichiren daishonin teaches the spirit that \not to advance is to retreat \"" the point is to continue forging ahead despite any storms or hardships that may arise", to be fearless and advance like a lion  \624bf7475ccec0f13a279780f243add3,so after 2 line and 3 hours i have a number to be served at the dmv     good thing i planned to spend the day here 
i rock!!!!
"some daily inspiration: the stronger the oppression from without, the stronger one's determination to summon forth one's inner resources to fight against it—this is the spirit of youth  --daisaku ikeda"
thank you everyone     you all rock! this has been the best birthday ever!!! could not be better     thank you 
"for all you reno students\ study break! at grassroots bookstore\sunday, oct 17 - free book w valid student id (used, limit 1)"
in my new home tonight!
logic has prevailed in <propfemale>!!!
stealing this from a friend of a friend: optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other  - <propfirst> <propfirst>
running around like a nut! too much to do and too little time 
"my horoscope for today: any financial issues need to be dealt with -- but they probably aren't as urgent as they seem at first glance  just make sure that you're taking them seriously and you should find the time for them  \-so damn true it is not even funny!"
"the person i am today is a better person     stronger, more compassionate and able to ask for support in a real way  i am thankful for the past and all the wonderful people in my life  happy thanksgiving to all of you!"
my phone is malfuntioning!! sorry if you dont get thru at the moment 
i have internet at home!!! ps i rock getting the modem i have had from 2004 to work with the current system 
"horoscope for the day annoyed it's a day filled with one <propfemale> setback after another, and you should make sure that you have some stress-reduction activities ready to go  the good news is that you're scoring points for effort! \yay! for points!!"
"at\the request of a facebook friend- we are asking everyone to say a \prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion", 5th marines and their families  \624bf7475ccec0f13a279780f243add3,"horoscope for today: your ability to push things in the right direction is enhanced today, so let your ambitions run wild! it's the best time for you to step things up at work or in your love life, so go for it! \go me!"
my phone has offically died  i will be buying a new one this weekend  i can still be reached online until the new phone is purchased 
"today's horoscope: it's a good time to rethink your approach to your furniture, books, accessories or whatever else you think is under control  new systems of organization are easier to bring to life today! \i love organization!!"
my phone works!!!!! life is good 
snow!!! feeling a lot like christmas    
nobody succeeds beyond his or her wildest e playful ectations unless he or she begins with some wild e playful ectations  - <propmale> charell  (stole this from a friend of a friend as it is so true) 
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  the woman has read this entire text  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile
what the f**k more boxes of books (mine) in my parent's storage unit in san <propmale> (more books     you would think i have problem or something??) 
"we all have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, have more money, a new phone  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  in honor of someone who has died, or is fighting cancer, consider posting this message    it's not until it hits one of your own that you appreciate what this message really means "
"today is a gift  \that's why it's called the present!"
