ec99b66e98e532ab52a8e8dce058875b
just finished college apps  now i get to wait    smooth sailing from here on out
is posting in third person
watching football    the steelers need the raiders and the chiefs to win to make the playoffs  i dont really like their chances     
teamnight    now its time for the game 
tough game
usc won  now it won't look as cool when penn state beats osu 
just finished work    have to go back at 4-9  i thought double sessions were over 
the patriots are finally playing  im excited
gardiner vs  morse football game on at 8 on twc 
"awesome tv night! man vs  wild, man vs  food, and the ultimate fighter  forget homework "
national talk like a pirate day  honestly?
"p-a-t-s, pats pats pats!  (i know its the jets chant, thats the joke)"
golf at 430  havent been in a while
why the jets?   golf  was fun    maine day at bowdoin tomorrow 
"the cowboys and giants are playing, who are you supposed to root for? can both teams loose?"
bowdoin today  it was an awesome trip
"just got back from senior pics, glad they're done"
"penn state vs  iowa, looking for a little revenge  whiteout!!"
9 surprise 0 new family guy!
"thinking about getting a buzz cut, maybe tomorrow "
watching the pats at pauls
way too much calc homework!
"is excited to be back to contact in football, hopes <propmale> is fine"
"full day tomorrow  school, practice, teamnight, then homecoming dance  home around 11, wow"
really liking the four day weekend  youth footall games- work at 5
"just back from work  it was really busy, but went wicked fast "
florida vs  arkansas 
trying to watch bama vs  sc  little sister's friends over  really annoying 
isnt looking forward to doing hs english
the patriots should play like this every week (so far at least)
visiting umo tomorrw with school  why do they schedule those trips on half days?!
is happy that penn state beat michigan
just watched trick 'r' treat  such a messed up movie!
"building my launcher with <propfirst>, paranormal activity at 10, buying tickets early, gunna be packed!"
way too much homework this week 
"day off, pats game at one"
new family guy!
is ready for the play trip tomorrow another day off
"just got back from coldstone creamery, and getting the new cod  happy birthday <propfemale> and <propfirst>!"
is not surprised that leavitt won  it seemed to be their year
is excited because he just found out that shinedown and puddle of mudd are coming to lewiston 
patriots!!!
"home from work, first regular season meet tomorrow, time for bed"
doesnt get why people voted for the quizes everyday this week in calculus 
listening to a backstreet boys cd on the way to boston    please someone kill me
tcu and boise  im calling a boise upset 
bcs national championship tonight  alabama ftw
texas is getting tooled on
pink with black pokadots
since when have the patriots been from oakland?
"today, i watched the patriots play  fml"
ravens vs colts
i wish i could get home this early everyday; it's worth the midterms 
"just watched celebrity jeopardy  the answer to the final jeopardy question was <propfirst> brown, and one of them actually got it wrong    i mean c'mon"
the vikings should stop fumbling  it is loosing them the game!
rain days are even better than snowdays!
shinedown puddle of mudd (i missed skillet) concert was sick  shinedown put on a kick ass show  im still not quite sure when ill be able to hear again though
watching the probowl with <propfirst>
man vs food live!
super bowl
olympic curling is really pointless  they might as well make sledding an event    oh right thats one too
back from work at the cc  going back either 4 or 5 tomorrow?
"wisdom teeth are out, but i dont even look like a chipmunk- the only part i was looking forward to  haha"
"the crazies was sick    \did <propfirst> call?\"""""
the first golf game of the year is officially in the books  im excited!
doesnt want to work on his physics paper   
"last night was an awsome surprise! i didnt see it coming at all (maybe becuse it was a week early lol), and the party was wicked fun!"
haircut
lit-fest round two at 6pm- taking advantage of the half day
lit-fest--last show at 6pm
"bought my first scratch tickets    $0, as e playful ected hahaha"
holy michigan state vs <propfemale>! my bracket is officially busted hahaha
watching the hangover then new family guy
just ate my weight in food at the wrestling awards night  chillin and watching the game  bed eventually
mint cookies and cream = best kind of ice cream
"\it's a lion; of course it bites\"""""
it's snowing way too much for mid-april!
watching public enemies with <propfirst> and <propfirst>    orono open house in the am  anyone else going?
"track meet tomorrow, i probably should get to bed    its going to be a loooong day"
thunderstorm?? what happened to 70 and <propfemale>?
the draft is on   
home from vending today's shows  back to the cc tomorrow to work the rest of the circus shows all day 7 smile 0am- who knows when- probably 10pm  its gunna be fun   
the bruins and the celts have big playoff games tonight and the redsox play the yankees? man   
anyone else notice that the bruins' game score is ironically similar to the series ?
the calc paper took long enough   
all packed and ready to go- pennobscot rapids here i come!
paranormal activity 2?
the world's greatest sporting event--- sunday at noon
the homerun derby is on    no steroids=no fun
has a future in fly wrangling hahaha
it is indeed always <propfemale> in philadelphia 
", dispite his building excitement as the week has passed, is even more excited to captain the pirate tube at the concert on the lake tomorrow  <propfirst> is e playful ecting this excitement to keep growing "
"im beat, but it was a fun day! the concert was pretty sweet, and was followed by an awesome bbq   mad tubing + intercom trashtalking session "
could it be? football season again? go pats!
college laptop finally in and picked up today- new skype account; add me: colby fortierbrown  the e playful endables later
actually gets to sleep in tomorrow  it will be a good day 
it was a fun time at lunch with my little sis; now out to the theater later with my little brother   smile 
brownies: the breakfast    and luch of champions  the liberal cup may have a hard time living up to them for supper 
vs  never ending pasta bowl part two: revenge
"my summer is gone  one more day, then i'm off to college!"
college life is pretty sweet so far
"the comedian was so funny last night, that im pretty sure that i might have peed a little"
first two classes tomorrow 8 and 9 am    yay
apparently 14 pizzas can feed a dorm floor and a whole sorority
isnt it about time for fall    or air conditioned dorms?
classes done for the day! maybe i will even be able to fit in a nap between the homework!
wishes he was on his way down to boston to see cage the elephant and stp tonight
"1 class down, 3 to go  11, 12 and 1(-5)"
it's freezing outside!
"brought his laptop, but not his laptop's charger; way to go, me"
"back from a nice long run  chillaxin' in my room, and getting some homework done so that i can catch the game later"
is back from being accidentally locked out of his room    now maybe he can do homework before the game haha
what a game!
"no longer believes that \college doesn't have busy-work\"""""
chem hw is finally done  bracing for a fun filled day of classes tomorrow from 8am-8 smile 0pm
slime is far more enjoyable to play with than to clean up   
i might have to swim back from class tonight
"just loves getting his sheets and bedding stolen while at class    does anyone want to help me with the $1,000,000 ransom?"
getting ahead on some homework
flag football game!!
"flag football was fun  chem lab report, and asb application tonight"
wednesdays are like torture    maybe worse
"homework got done early tonight; chillaxin, and the pizza should arrive shortly"
nice wet run back to gannett
the jets? really?!
"the strangers was definitely a better choice, and far less scary than my lab report"
the inventor of the snuggie went to umo
chillaxin'
physics exam: yay
"is researching pros and cons for whether or not drugs and devices for enhancing brain function should be employed for non-medical applications, and is having just as much fun as it sounds "
i would not be surprised if i fell asleep waiting for laundry tonight
<propmale> cook is coming to the cumberland county civic center november 7th!
just got a bid!  yessssssssssss!
how can you loose with three <propmale> welker's
since when has chb been at 2?
tuesday night lab report session
"\that's what she said\"" jokes make chem lab much more entertaining"""
greatness never came from realistic goals
loves getting sprayed by cars hitting puddles  i thought that only happened in the movies
<propmale> lab in a few hours
"if everyone put someone else first, no one would be second"
home cooked meals are much nicer than hilltop  my stomach will be very happy for these next four days 
promised that he would tag <propfirst> fortier-brown in a post
"golfing with my dad and my brothers today, portland bound later "
just ate spectacular pumpkin chocolate chip cookies made by the greatest mom ever: <propfemale> fortier brown
heading back to orono  big gs on the way!
four and a half hours worth of classes canceled  it's a good day: for a wednesday
could it be? another four hours of class i don't have to go to? this is a good week
loving the physics hw
pizza and football
avoiding my lab report
is taking a break from thinking for a few minutes
thank you coffee
going to the softball game in style
"managed to get a ticket without waiting in line for hours (or minutes), and free pizza    score!"
holy student section! i'm ready for round two tomorrow!!
"whew, what a good night's sleep! i actually have a voice this morning too"
loves breakfast at 2
lab report??? hmmm    
"\gpas of facebook were found to be a full grade point lower than those of non-users \"" stumbleupon probably doesnt help either haha"""
is now officially a member of sigma phi epsilon
"i know they say college is rough, but sandpaper brand tp    mannn"
"the three p's: pizza, physics and procrastination"
dinner then tosh time!!
physics homework    can i watch <propfirst> tosh again instead?
the costume is complete
how could we have possibly beaten a team called the master batters?
just remembered the chb homework 
"front row seats to the flash-mob in the union, and ate lunch with the director of the counseling center, head of economics, and the <propfirst> of natural sciences and forestry at the university: overall not a bad lunch hour "
e playful ecting <propmale> cook later to be at least slightly more entertaining than the patriots game  the browns? really??
"if the early bird gets the worm, doesn't the early worm just get eaten?"
"at home for the night due to the weather  sorry physics rec  and chem lecture, i will not be joining you tomorrow   "
"\one day your life will flash before your eyes; make it worth watching\"" -anonymous"""
thanks umaine for raising tuition this year so that you could finally afford to do construction right outside my room at 2am 
i just witnessed a 3 on 1 zombie flank attack on my way back from class: funniest thing i've seen all day
vote <propfirst> ortiz for student body vice president!!
\but what are we running from?\,ec99b66e98e532ab52a8e laugh ce058875b,tabling at the union  come buy a duck!
going straight from a formal event wearing a suit to a meeting where i have to dress up as a homeless person tonight  hmmm    this could be challenging
thanks(for)giving(me a) break  homeward bound in a bit 
i give thanks for the patriots
boise state vs <propfemale> = best game i've seen this year
"back on campus: music's loud, and pizza's on its way"
i love <propfemale> griffin
and the <propfirst> goes to: <propfemale> saunders
stumble break
what smells like burnt tie??
has gained possession of a new pet fish
into town for pet supplies
now might be a good time to start my lab report   
who steals a fish??
drinking <propfemale> d  from the bottle and eating ramen with a plastic knife between assignments: college at its finest
postrasternating
"just finished an intense tennis ball sock flail war with <propfirst> hapworth <propmale> chesley , and chandler smith"
semester one is in the books
"just one more day, and one more meeting!"
"<propfemale> sparacio, when are we going to big g's? and why can't i write on your wall?"
taking the runts christmas shopping
wikileaks got a hold of <propfemale>'s list
<propfirst> connolly is my hero
"<propfirst> connolly wins ap special teams player of the week over game winning deshean <propmale>, and record setting <propfirst> <propfemale>    i love it!!"
"we elves try to stick to the four main food groups: <propfemale>, <propfemale> canes, <propfemale> corns and syrup "
"\you're my boy  you're one damn lucky bastard!\"""""
"saint <propfirst>, mayor of maine, rides moose and once climbed a mountain so tall that it took two days to get up and  back down all during winter in a thunderstorm"
"\who brings a tote on the t?!\"""""
boston globe?? sure!
bed > cot
missing boston already
pretty sure the jets' trash talking is rubbing off on the fans
i was e playful ecting the human centipede to be worse
