cdff375185b15f14d94561eabae48b1d
"happy news years <propfemale>!! a new year will begin in 4 hours! thank god!! this year has brought me so much fun, and also so much grief and heart ache  but lets hope that 2010 will bring better things for me   and mmaybe if i am lucky   a man!! lol"
it's new years!! now it's time for a new chapter to begin!! yay!
i dont't feel good    but still holding on to what ever i can  can't wait for this year to be the greatest ever!!
feelin' a lil better but let's see how tonight goes!! lol
"christmas was amazing, i want to wish everyone a <propfemale> christmas, happy holidays and a happy new year!!  smile "
well   it's snowing!!!!  smile 
want a snow day!!!
wish we didn't have school tomorrow but it is a 4 day week   yay!!
can't wait until friday!! goin out with my peeps! lol
having a really good day! almost a 4 day weekend!! yay
goin to a party tomorrow and then hangin with my peeps saturday!! yay
had a lot of fun tonight!!
"blah, blah, blah  playful "
wish she was in a complicated relationship    :{
doin hw   wants summer or at least springf break here to get here sooner!  playful 
i don't feel good    wish i had something to do    and i wish i had a bf   don't we all ! haha lol
"they can say whatever i'ma do whatever,no pain is forever, yup, you know this!tougher than a lion, ain't no need in tryin' i live where the sky ends, yup, you know this!"
party don't start til i walk in     smile 
i love snow!!!  smile 
don't want school    sad 
likes it when there is no school! yay!!  smile 
"what you've got boy is hard to find, think about it all the time, i'm all strung out my heart is fried, i just can't get u off my mind because    your love, your love, your love is my drug! i don't care what ppl say the rush is worth the price i pay!!! lol"
omg!!!! i luv weddings!! i am going to be in one next spring and then this summer i am goin to one!! i absolutely luv them!!  love 
i am so sick    but what can i do? lol
"blah, blah, blah i only care who i is! lol  love "
"wow,can;t wait for spring break!! lol  love "
"time will bring the real end of our trial, one day they'll be no remnants, no trace no residual feelings within ya, one day you won't remember me  your face will be the reason i smile, but i will see what i cannot have forever, i'll always luv ya, and i hope u feel the same     love "
"time will bring the real end of our trial, one day they'll be no remnants, no trace no residual feelings within ya, one day you won't remember me  your face will be the reason i smile, but i will see what i cannot have forever, i'll always luv ya, and i hope u feel the same    ?"
can't wait til prom! goin dress shoppin this weekend! yay!  love 
goin to adornetto's tonight!! lol gonna have fun with my peeps!  smile 
workin on my english    luv warm weather!!  love 
"yeah, it's plain to see that baby you're beautiful, and it's nothing wrong with you it's me, i'm a freak but thanks for lovin' me cause you're doing it perfectly  there might have been a time when i would let you step away, i wouldn't even try but i think you could save my life!!!  love "
"everybody’s looking for love, ain’t that the reason you’re at this club  you ain’t gonna find it dancing with her  no  i got a better solution for you boy just leave with me now, say the word and we’ll go, i’ll be your teacher  i’ll show you the ropes  you’ll see a side of love you’ve never known  i can see it going down "
i haven't felt this good in a long time!  love 
i got a prom dress!!! lol now i am even more excited! lol
"i've been thinking about you and how we used to be, back when everything was alright    memories, do u remember?  love "
"why can;t i be the one for you? the one you call babe and the one u say \ i luv u\"" to?  love """
today was a good day!!  smile 
totally bored and have nothing to do!  sad 
today was a great day! lol  love 
today was another good day!!
even thogh it's a lil rainy    i am still havin a great day!  love 
 smile 
went to zansville    had a good time and then came home and i am spending time with family! lol  love 
"went to the park with my nephew, had a blast   got some reading done  then tomorrow we r off to the movies! lol can't wait!  love "
"we were given two hands to hold, two legs to walk, two eyes to see and two ears to listen  but why only one heart? because the other was given to someone else for us to find   love "
a lil nervous about the acts this weekend   but excited for prom! lol
in a great mood!  love 
today was a good day! lol  love 
today was a good day   and tomorrow will be even better!! (despite the act!) lol
wow!! really tired    act  sad ! but still had a great day!
so excited for prom!! lol
can't wait for prom! lol so excited!
my prom dress is perfect!! lol now if i can only find a man to go with it! lol  love 
"prom was great, after prom was fun, but sleep was so much better! lol  love "
can't say much right now   cuz u have me speechless!  smile 
watching my nephews today    having a lot of fun! laugh  lol
might go see iron man 2 tonight   fun fun fun! lol  smile 
hooray for sunday!! lol have an ap test on weds and not to syched for that  sad  lol
senior year is coming up fast! lol  smile 
it is just one of those days! lol  smile 
so    it's hot outside and i've decide that if it's like this tomorrow   i am not going to wear pants  (get ur minds out of the gutter    i'm wearin a dress) lol  smile 
i just got an ipod touch!!! lol yay
just got from a t ball game! lol lil kids are so cute sliding into home thinking it's cool to get all dirty! love it!!  smile 
"today was just another one of those days when you feel like everything goes wrong  and then that one person comes up to you and says, \everything is gonna be alright  just tall to me and i can get help you with whatever you need \"" and them right then your day just got instantly better   smile """
i am officially a senior!!! lol yay
last day was today!!!! yay!
first day of summer break and it was amazing!!
i love ice age!!! lol
"wow    tomorrow is friday and i am lover excites for strawberries on the square, and i am goin to parties all weekend long! \ i gotta feelin    that tonights gonna be a goodnight   \"" lol"""
today is friday!!!! lol
i have this strong feeling to go to the zoo and see the polar bears! lol  laugh 
goin to the movies!! lol
goin on a picninc today!! lol
didn't do anything today   but excited for this weekend!! lol
"can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars, cuz i could really use a wish right now  love "
"summer came like cinnamon   so sweet   girl, put your records on, tell me your favourite song, you go ahead, let your hair down   sapphire and faded jeans, i hope you get your dreams, just go ahead, let your hair down!!  smile "
goin to <propfemale> in 1 week!!! yay!  smile 
hey!! got my dates mixed up! lol in 2 weeks i am goin to <propfemale>!! haha lol my bad!  smile 
"when the dark of the night comes around, that's the time  that the animal comes alive, looking for something wild  and now we lookin' like pimps in my gold trans-am! haha lol  smile "
"tell me you'll come with me, tell me you'll run with me, tell me you love me   how far do you wanna go?  love "
wanna watch boondock saints!!! lol  love 
"it's better to have love and lost, but it is great to have never lost at all    love "
omg!! can't wait fro <propfemale>!! i have so much to do in so lil time!! lol luv and miss u all!  playful 
lovin' <propfemale>!!  love 
why can't airplanes be shooting stars    i have seen 10 planes tonight and i could have used all 10 wishes   
comin' home tomorrow!!  smile  i will miss it here though!! lol
"i'm slow to trust but i'm quick to love,i push too hard and i give too much, i ain't saying i'm perfect  but i promise i'm worth it  love "
"god <propmale> me the serenity \to accept the things i cannot change; \courage to change the things i can;\and wisdom to know the difference   love "
got my new phone!!! yay lol
almost 18 days until florida!! yay!!
i am about ready to do some cleaning so tonight i can fun and not worry about a thing! lol
having fun with friends today! they are the best!
11 days until vacation to florida!!! yay
trying to create a list of all the things i need to do before vacation   lol
officailly sick  sad  but i can't stop being busy just cuz i'm sick! lol
"i'm feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my shine, i'm loving cloud nine, my head's in the sky, i'm solo, i'm riding solo!!!  love "
"there's a thin line between the dark side and the light side baby tonight, it's a struggle gotta rumble, tryin' to find it    love "
"i throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying ayo! gotta let go! i wanna celebrate and live my life  saying ayo! baby, let's go! 'cause we gon' rock this club, we gon' go all night, we gon' light it up, like it's dynamite!!!  love "
"made it to destin, florida!!! i am super excited to be at the beach! white sand and <propfemale> clear water!! love it here!!  love "
"omg!! went to my favorite place on earth for breakfast    ihop baby!! lol and no, none of the waitresses had only one leg,  laugh "
"might go shopping tomorrow!! i am so excited   this means, new bathing suit!! yipeee   lol  love "
"might get my nails done tomorrow, yay me!! and then ! have to work on my final project for school before i go to west <propfemale>!!"
"what is there to say? tomorrow is the beginning of the end, and i am goin to enjoy every moment of it with the people i love to be with   love "
"today was great! i saw friends thst i haven't seen all summer and the best part, most of my classes are air conditioned!! yay!! lol"
wellk hopefully the end of my school day will be better than today's  had as rough end but tomorrow is a new day    love 
"so why is it when u meet someone new, someone else has already gotten there attention first? oh, there are so many more new people to meet, lol  love "
so tell me why today wasnt't that great  but then i went and did a lil retail therapy!!  love 
just got back from swappers day! first time there! it was great  love 
"when i see your face, there's not a thing that i would change cause you're amazing, just the way you are  and when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while\cause boy you're amazing, just the way you are!!  love "
"tell me why, no matter what anyone says about me, i always end up proving them wrong!  smile  that's just my way of doin things    nothing can hurt me any more, and i am never gonna back down from someone talking smack about my family, this goes out to <propfemale> hale edwards!! all for you   "
"tell me why i need a job, asap! and also i need a <propmale> retail therapy session!!  sad "
"when i see your face, there's not a thing that i would change,because you're amazing, just the way you are! and when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while cause boy you're amazing, just the way you are!  love "
had a lil retail therapy go on tonight!! i am so excited lol!!  love 
"go bucks!! whoop, whoop!!"
"right now i am totally obsessed with <propfirst> swift's \mine\""!! i keep listening to it over and over and over   lol  love """
had a great time this weekend!! one trip down and next one is texas!! whoop whoop!
i am really not feeling like doin the same old thing for homecoming this year  i can do pix but thats as traditional as i wanna go lol all i am asking for is change
"had the worst day ever  didn't really hurt anything, but took a <propmale> hit to my pride, that's all "
tell me why as homecoming gets closer and plans become more clear    i get more excited!!  love 
trying to see if i can get my nails done lol  smile  gonna get gold tips baby! lol
attention!! today from 8-4 pm i am having a yard sale at my house!! 272 north cedar street   we have baby boy clothes and toys  selling all types of things! please come and look around!! thanks
working in my english essay  sad  don't know if it is right but oh well     smile 
looking up hair-do's for homecoming!! getting closer and getting more excited!!  love 
i have a job!!
gettin ready for homecoming!!
"chillin' at home, not really doin much   smile "
"i am a flight risk, with a fear of falling    love "
"he has my heart, but he just doesn't know it    yet    love "
"he still has my heart, yet he still doesn't know    love "
"i am a flight risk, with a fear of falling    love "
"at work    millers in the mall, kinda slow, really bored, come visit me!!  smile  lol"
looking at a new college i have never heard of before til last week and i am thinking of honestly going there    love 
"you love her and she loves you with all she has, i guess i should've been more like that    love "
i am in texas y'all!!  smile 
texas is absolutely amazing   
"i'll take off my wings, if you take off your halo, you don't have to be invincible cause i sure ain't no saint  you'll always be my angel no matter what you do, cause you take me to heaven just by being you   love "
"heading off to work in a few    getting off at 2 then i am going home and going to sleep  smile  still sick, but trying to do everything i can    love "
"tell me a secret, tell me things that no one else should know  even in your weakness, baby drop your guard, just let it go until everything’s e playful osed and you don’t have to feel ashamed  baby, just say my name     love "
"so had a good weekend with my bestie, <propfemale>  and then to top that off we had a snow day! have to go in to work at 4 and i get off @ 10!! pretty much my schedule all week but have friday off!! whoop whopp!!"
"i am waiting on the sun to set because yesterday ain't over yet   i started smoking cigarettes cus i guess there ain't else to do i guess   i've given up on love, cus loves given up on me    smile "
"boy don't feel outta place, cause i, i'm in love with this feelin' now  hope that this will last a while   we should make it last a while  love "
i am done with all this immature crap    i am ready to take on something new that will make me forget about the rest  love 
"i'm fumbling, acting like i can't find my keys, well, maybe you could give me a ride    love "
"trying to get a job, applied at 2 places and may re-apply at a 3rd  hopefully i hear back from either of these places    just please keep ur fingers crossed, i need it "
"i need to move on and find something new    i can't get <propmale> up on how you made me feel because i know there is someone else better out there for me and idk when i am going to meet him, but he will come my way eventually and no matter what i think i will be completely unprepared and knocked off my feet, and i will completely forget about you and the way you made me feel because he will be my everything,enough said  love "
"be a hand that reaches out, be a smile for those who have no reason to smile, be a light for those who live in darkness, show them what it means to truly love    love "
"goin to the show tonight with my bff <propfemale> h  can't wait, it's gonna be good!!"
"who cares if you disagree, you are not me  so you dare tell me who to be, who died and made you <propmale> of anything?  love "
goin to a show tonight   i am so excited!!
"about ready to go watch <propfirst> & <propfemale>, my fave t v show!"
"not feelin to good right now   idk whats wrong  my stomach is upset and i am also upset , very upset lol  love "
"even though there is still a llittle over a month left until prom, i never knew how stressful it was going to be  i have found a dress that i really like, but i don't know about it and just other stuff that goes along with prom can get overwhelming     sad "
soooo   i am gonna be up alll night with my bestie <propfemale> hoffman to do my english and physics homework  this is gonna be a fun night!  smile   love 
"so its has been 3 times now that poeple have  mistaken me fo a high schooler's mom   i honestly didnt think i looked that old!! haha, goin out tonight with <propfemale> and <propfirst>, can't wait!  love "
"starting on my english and government homework!! before all of this though, i got a mani and pedi   of course lol  love "
i love just being able to lay back and relax    having fun with friends and family and not havin' to worry about school the next day  smile 
went to the zoo today with my dad and nephews! we had so much fun and we saw the whole zoo!! it was great and had a wonderful time    love 
