f039319ac444e688644dea7d8141543e
<propfirst> favre's a viking!
the die hard's are leaving with the band wagon! who  wants a ride to find some haters!
i'm driving the bandwagons who's riding?
i would like to give a shout out to all the veteran’s! thanks you and god bless!
you dont know me! lol
you don't know them boyz! whodatnation4life! get ya some!
i just got a new macbook pro! can you say awesome!
well just put my two weeks in at a job that i've been employed at for over 9 years! can you say it's time to turn a new leaf? god is great! oh ya i own a macbook pro! holla!
bj penn is the really deal!
who dat nation! what's up! 27 -13 saints win
feel my wrath!
<propfemale> christmas to all! life is great! god is good!
live in such a way that those who know you but don't know god will come to know god because they know you!
arizona cardinal's all i can say is you all are in a bind!
"it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops than don't! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour!! and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!"
let's make history who dat nation!
"if you believe your daughter is amongst god's greatest blessings on the face of this earth, copy and paste this as your status and give her a hug! i ? my daughters!"
god give me strength to deal with_________________!
thank you all! i had a great birthday and a have great wife she knows how to spoil me! jesus is great!  whodat!
"carriere woman faces federal tax charges <propfemale> accused of preparing false tax return march 4, 2010 gulfport, miss  a <propfemale> river county woman is facing federal charges for helping prepare a false tax return for two individuals carolyn t  <propfemale>, of carriere, pleaded not guilty wednesday to one count of aiding and assisting in the preparation of a false 2005 tax return "
"carriere woman faces federal tax charges <propfemale> accused of preparing false tax return march 4, 2010 gulfport, miss  a <propfemale> river county woman is facing federal charges for helping prepare a false tax return for two individuals carolyn t  <propfemale>, of carriere, pleaded not guilty wednesday to one count of aiding and assisting in the preparation of a false 2005 tax return "
happy easter !!!
"gulfport — a tax preparer from carriere has admitted filing a false tax return for a couple who wasn’t entitled to thousands of dollars in deductions for losses from hurricane <propfemale>  <propfemale> t  <propfemale>, 47, pleaded guilty tuesday in u s  district court  she faces up to three years in prison and a fine of $250,000  judge sul ozerden will sentence her july 27 "
happy mother's day everyone!
jesus is my lord!       just wanted to brag!
<propfirst> grace esque is finally in momma's arms! god is awesome!
i believe in the sun even if it isn't shining  i believe in love even when i am alone  i believe in god even when he is silent 
wishing will never be a substitute for prayer with this i pray for a change!
any fool can count the seeds in an apple  only god can count all the apples in one seed 
"when life knocks you on your knees, your in the perfect position to pray!"
god understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them 
sometimes god has to put us flat on our back before we are looking up to him 
"a police officer works the streets day & night to keep us safe - missing their family to care for yours  in 2010 there have been 62 police officers killed in the line of duty  repost if you are a police officer,love a police officer, or appreciate a police officer "
"be assured, if you walk with him and look to him, and e playful ect help from him, he will never fail you"
if you support the new black panthers and are one of my facebook friend please answer this question-how can you support a group that supports bin ladin?
who watched dateline? crazy!
it's crazy when a women caring a child is killed is considered a double murder but when a abortion is just a fact of life! just something to think about! god bless you and all the parents that choose life!
lovin some <propfemale> tuesday!
let's do this!
wants the saints to lose  if you got something to say    bring it 
"god saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be  so he put his arm around you and whispered come with me  with tearful eyes i watched you and saw you pass away  although i loved you dearly,i couldn`t make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me, he only takes the best  put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss everyday"
i love my family and my god is an awesome god!
who dat!
damn dat
god understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them 
"bilderberg: the ultimate conspiracy theorythe bilderberg group, an elite coterie of western thinkers and power-brokers, has been accused of fixing the fate of the world behind closed doors  as the organisation marks its 50th anniversary, rumours are more rife than ever "
"you must have accurate and honest weights and measures, so that you may live long in the land the lord your god is giving you  for the lord your god detests anyone who does these things, anyone who deals dishonestly \\deuteronomy 25:15-16"
happy veterans day to all the veterans!
feed it beans!
"definition of friendly, relating to, or befitting a friend: as  : showing kindly interest and goodwill : not hostile; also : involving or coming from actions of one's own forces : cheerful, comforting \: serving a beneficial or helpful purpose \: easy to use or understand"
ufc tonight!
"remember this christmas, while you are eating your dinners and laughing, that in another house there is an empty chair where a hero should be sitting  they gave their life so that you can sit with your family  so light a candle this christmas for our fallen heroes that did not make it back and for those still serving in iraq, afghanistan, or elsewhere  re-post this as your status to show your respect"
we have a great god!
feed it beans!
thanks to ever one for my birthday wishes!
thanks to everyone for my birthday wishes!
