8492303dd19405749840505aad9f7b4b
"had a great time with good friends watching the ole miss rebels win the 2010 cotton bowl! gr8 fried turkey, casserole, stuffing, snacks, and etc !"
i am currently really digging <propfirst> stills and also jucifer! check 'em out 
going to be at my district convention this weekend and next  i am really looking forward to it!
would be lost without pandora!
needs to get to work on his ramcharger!
"when the winter rains come pourin' down on that new home of mine, will you think of me and wonder if i'm fine?"
having a gr8 time playing scrabble with my baby sis!
"grilled out w baby sis  <propfemale>, our parents, and my aunt <propfemale>  had a great time! really builds all of us up!  laugh "
hurricane season is about here  sign up for your local d r c  (disaster relief committee) if your circumstances allow it!
"just made 10 pints of salsa, 6 pints of 13 alarm, 4 pints of 1 alarm!"
"is gettin' ready to head over to ga to go the district convention with baby sis! and as an additional bonus, she has a part on the saturday morning program! woohoo!  laugh "
has had a gr8 time over here in ga! gr8 convention and had a wonderful day in service today w  baby sis! heading back to ms tomorrow 
"back in mississippi! glad to be back, ready for the start of a new service year!"
"has decided that \dear mr  fantasy\"" by traffic is one of the few songs that i listen to that i never get tired of! whats some of ur fav songs?"""
"had a nice supper at bay springs lake while watching the sun set over the water  used to be i would feel bad not to have someone to share that with  now, i enjoyed my supper and was happy that no one was there to spoil it for me!  laugh  e playful erience is a wonderful thing!  smile "
"this past week, i have come over to ga to visit my baby sister to go out in service with her b c she had a long weekend off of work  we went out for 2 good days, then went camping with family at lake altoona and had an awesome time! sunday evening my alternator on my mitsu went out, so that took two days to get fixed  and then, baby sisters car blew a heater hose yesterday so we are fixing that today!what a week!"
glad to be back in mississippi!
"is rather ticked off with my ole miss rebels! our loss validates ppl who say we cannot handle high rankings  oh well, lots of gr8 s e c  football to play! hopefully we take this as a wake up call "
had a great day in service today! beautiful weather too!
made my time for sept  ! woo hoo! now i got to keep it up!
"had a great time taking my cuz <propmale> fishin' yesterday, he caught the only fish of the day! and today i enjoyed driving my aunt <propfirst> and sis  <propfemale> nunnely to the chiroprator  then i finished off the day seeing a broken method, allyria, and taproot in an awesome concert! great times!"
gaaaaaa! stupid puzzle!!!! whose idea was it to buy this thing anyway!!!  laugh 
had some acupuncture done today and am feeling even better! woo hoo!!!
great day in service today w  c o  and tomorrow too!
enjoyed working out in service w  <propfirst> and c o  today! gonna go be a pincushion again tomorrow!
had a good trip to ga to get baby sister moved into her new place  her new place is sooo nice! been very busy and looks like i'm not gonna get to slow down anytime soon! which is nice 'cause it keeps ya young!  smile 
copperhead road by <propmale> <propmale> is another of my all time favorites!
and his pit butterball are rollin out to montgomery <propmale> 2day  everytime i cross into alabama i think i hear banjos     
wishes the alabama timekeepers at bryant-denny stadium had not cheated the vols out of at least ten extra seconds at the end of the first half  the field goal that it cost the vols ended up being the difference of the game!
"nothing like blowing out a tire at 55m p h  when you're hauling 5,400lbs of gravel in ur truck for excitement! woo-hoo!"
"service w  <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and kat 2day!"
"got my little yellow car fixed to day so hopefully it does not <propfirst> its territory now! glad <propfirst> melton is ok, never fun to go flying in a car, literally!"
is counting down the days (1 smile  until i can be out of my contract with at&t and get a new phone! woo-hoo!
"\yellow lebetter\"" by <propfemale> jam is tonic to ur soul when times are troubled """
"well, aunt <propfirst> still has not heard back from her biopsy, so she will have to spend the weekend wondering  i am really upset that her medical providers did not even call to give her an update! talk about a lack of empathy on their part! > sad "
"this past monday was bittersweet  i got hired on at tiffin motor homes (they make allegro r v 's!) so that was gr8!!! however, i my aunt <propfirst> <propfemale> did get her biopsy results back, and it is cancer   sad  however, it looks like they caught it early, so here's praying for the best!"
"have had a nice time over here in ga, visiting family, getting my e playful ected new cousin's room ready to go! just wish the weekend was longer!"
back home in ms! had a nice visit with family  bought myself a ticket to the 2010 cotton bowl to see ole miss play oklahoma state on 1-2-2010!!!
"i'm visiting family over in ga and doing some odd jobs while i'm over here so i can some income! i put my cell phone through the \heavy wash\"" cycle last monday! (duh) so all i can do is text now that it has dried out! sorry for being so incomunicado """
"been raining all day here in ga  looks like i 'll be heading home on tuesday evening! getting to see lots of family and friends, working hard!"
back home in mississippi and looking forward to seeing everyone!
"had a gr8 morning in service, now i'm just hoping i don't end up in oz! (the wind is really blowin'!!!)"
"had a great pioneer meeting yesterday with lots of great food and friendship afterward  then had an awesome time at the bostick's! however, i am bummed today b c i set my alarm for 7 smile 0 pm!!! duh! oversplept and missed service!!!  sad  grrrrr"
yesterday my red nissan grenaded its bottom end thru the oil pan on my way to the meeting!!! sad  thankfully i have good friends who got me to and from the meeting anyway!  laugh 
"well, i survived new's years <propfemale> once again  that magical time of year when alabamians, out of envy, throw fire crackers over the border into <propfemale>  we responded as we do <propfemale>ry year, by lighting them and throwing them back!!!  laugh "
it is waaaaay too cold!!! brrrrrrr! the temp  is only supposed to get above freezing maybe three times this week! and it is supposed to snow thursday! i hope it does!
"forecast for l8 tonight and tomorrow, 100% <propmale> of snow  prolly only a couple of inches, but that is a rare treat here in the deep south!"
this is the first time in a while that it has snowed here in ms and it has not melted within 24 hours  11 tonight and 9 tomorrow!!!
had a successful evening stripping      floors that is!
"is wondering if there is anyone else out there who is a fan of old time <propfemale> blues? <propfirst> <propmale>, howlin' wolf, mississippi <propfirst> hurt, b b , etc "
woo-hoo! i finally figured out how to upload pics from my phone!  laugh 
"is enjoying listening to \jim crow blues\"" by ledbelly """
had a good day 
"packed up, headed over to ga in the morning!"
"hey there everyone! i made it out to phoenix az safe and sound!  smile  unfortunatly, my comments are not showing up on my pictures, so i will have to post what the pics are in the evening when we get in from the job  turns out the job is gonna last about 10 days!"
"got the job in va done, headed back to az monday "
"back out here in phoenix az  beautiful weather, work is going good "
"has had an awesome day  rented a convertible mustang, and went to goldfield az, an \old west\"" town  then drove through some of the superstition mountains  that is where the pics from today came from """
"got back to ms friday evening! service sat  meeting and an awesome super bowl party sunday  and the past two days, c-o-u-c-h p-o-t-a-t-o !!!  laugh "
is ready for spring to be here!
is looking forward to the circuit pioneer meeting tomorrow!
is enjoying our two day circuit assembly!
had a great circuit assembly! now i am enjoying watching the snow fall 
this is the week everyone changes there profile pic to their favorite album! so join in! would love to see what you listen to  copy & paste this to your wall 
woke up this morning with a fever and sore throat  blech! > sad 
"is over in carrollton ga right now  i had a great morning in service with tarreva, <propfemale>, errin, and andi! heading out for nyc in the morning!"
is in new york city for at least the next ten days  here is hoping the traffic survives me!
"there is a nor'easter blowing into the northeast and nyc toaday and tonight  forcast is for 8 - 14 inches here in the city, so here is hoping the snowplows have the roads cleared by the morning!"
"made it to and from work today  no mean feat considering the blizzard going on here in nyc! by the time work was over, they had the main streets mostly all clear "
had a good day working  now gonna head out to times square to play like a tourist!  smile  i'll try to take some mobile pics to post!
"back to work in the morning, had a good day today "
"the past two days i have been playing with the mother of all hammer drills, a hilti  also messin' around with hilti industrial epoxy, and other nasty dirty jobs  when we get done at the end of the day, i look like i have taken a dust and grime bath!!! fun!!!  laugh "
done (for now) with work here in nyc  headed the right way (south) tomorrow!
is in ga now  and still invincible!  laugh 
had a great day out in service today and am looking forward to seeing <propmale> petty and the heartbreakers in august! woo-hoo!!! life's gr8!  smile 
"is back in mississippi! had a gr8 time the past week going out in service with family and friends, seeing <propfirst> in his halo, (only type of halo he'll ever have!) and seeing the newest member of the family, trystan <propfirst> dacosta! good times, gr8 2 b back!  laugh "
"sometimes my life resembles a three ring circus! i guess thats a good thing, except when the clowns <propmale> me!"
had a great time time today golfing with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  looking forward to service tomorrow!
"sometimes it is good to revisit old wounds, as long as it prevents new ones  thanks to <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, my parents, and others for the extra 12 years of my life! i owe many, many people more than i will ever be able to repay! here is hoping to never be \mostly dead\"" again! thank you """
is looking forward to tomorrow  its gotta be better than today!
"please, to all my friends, if you're gonna ride a four wheeler or dirtbike, wear a helmet!!!!!!!! brains are not nice to look at!"
its a beee-uuuuu-t-ful day outside! i think working outside in the yard is called for! laugh 
i a great morning in service today! now i'm gonna enjoy the weather!  smile 
"had a great day! finished it off sittin on the patio with some gr8 bar-b-q ribs, good tunes, and cold beer!  laugh "
"enjoyed the meeting, had a good time with <propfirst> and kait at lunch! just chillin' the rest of the day!  smile "
c o 's visit this week  i enjoyed the meeting tonight and am looking forward to service the rest of the week!  laugh 
has had a blast going out in service the past two days! and going fishing yesterday evening night  and visiting the scruggs this afternoon! good times!  smile 
had a great weekend!
"had a great morning in service yesterday, and a good day today  beautiful weather for puttin in the garden!!!"
"has had one of those rare, incredibly productive days days! got both gardens tilled, one of 'em planted, and mowed the grass for the first time this year! also got lots more done around the house!"
"had a great weekend  got lots of plants started, went out in service, and is cleaning up around the ol homestead!"
did not blow myself into little bitty bits today messin' with gas tanks! (yay me!) so i am treating myself to grillin' out on the patio with some ice water and tunes!  laugh 
"has had a great day hiking at tishomingo state park! check out my mobile pics from today  i cannot believe how pretty it is and i have never hiked there since i moved here!  annoyed  oh well, just goes to show that great things are sometime right in front of you, you just have to notice them!"
"had fun in service today, even if there were \assinine\"" portions of it!  laugh """
"has had a wonderful time hiking and grilling at tishomingo state park today! thanks to everyone who helped make todays get-together great! (and that is everyone who was there!) many hands made light work, and the association was truly encouraging and upbuilding! i am so glad <propfemale> had the idea for todays gathering, it was an honor to help out!  laugh "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack in the head  people who need a smack in the head affect the lives of many  while there is still no known cure for someone who needs a smack in the head except for a smack in the head, we can raise awareness "
has had a fun afternoon playing with liquid hot magma!
got my taxes filed with an hour and 42 minutes to spare!
"put this on your status and see how your  friends respond  if you know me well, you know that i am ____________, i  love_____________, and i cant stand________________  this should be  entertaining!"
"wants to inform his face book friends about an   up and coming artist  andi kichinko, of carrollton ga, does beautiful,   detailed pencil portraits! check out her work at   www andique deviantart com to see the portrait she did of my newest   cousin, trystan  portraits make great gifts, and better keepsakes! her   rates are reasonable, and her work is great! need  more info,  just drop me a line!"
"has decided that getting pounced on by a 100+ pound mastiff at 6:15 in the morning is a crude, but effective alarm clock!!!  wink "
"is listening to <propmale> zevon, <propmale> young, <propmale> petty, and <propmale> <propmale>  and lamenting the profusion of pop drivel that passes for music now  (i'm having an official old curmudgeon moment!!!)"
ain't feelin' too sporty   sad  here is hoping it was some bad lunch instead of the stomach bug that has been going around 
is headed over to ga today  flying tonyc tomorrow! short trip tho  i'll be back (said like ahnold!) by thursday or friday! i'll try to post some cool mobile pics!  smile 
"is in ga! now as long as the plane can take off tomorrow between thunderstorms, everything will be gr8!  smile "
"had a great day yesterday playing tourist! went to the american natural history museum, then had a great supper at a greek restaurant on broadway called niko's, then went to a comedy club called stand up, at the corner of broadway and 78th  now back to work!"
"has left nyc and is in west <propfemale> tonight, on the way to cincinnati, oh  after tomorrow, headed back to ga  then on to ms!  smile "
was southbound and hammerdown today!!! in ga now!  smile 
going to a very special occasion today  congratulations to <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
is in nyc again for a few days of work!
is enjoying the views from work  i am only a few blocks away from <propfemale>  you can actually see the watchtower sign from the building i am working at!
is back in ga safe and sound 
"spoke to the secretary in the north carrollton ga congregation about transferring his publisher card from iuka  this is a decision that i have reached only after much prayer and meditation  i will miss my iuka family and friends a lot, however, i will also be visiting iuka a lot too!!!  smile "
now has a little yellow car with tunes!!! woo-hoo! it was worth every <propfemale> to get a stereo and speakers installed!  laugh 
is in ga! going to the nhra drag races tomorrow with my cuzins!  laugh 
back in ga!  laugh 
had a great weekend putting a new roof on a wonderful older couples house here in carrollton  we were fed super well!  smile then had a great time at the congregation get together where there was more awesome food and friendship!  laugh 
"has finally got the pics from <propfirst> and <propfemale>'s wedding uploaded! i have more pictures, but i tried to only post the ones that i did not mangle too badly!  annoyed "
had an awesome morning in service! and an exciting trip on i-20 this afternoon dodging spinning vehicles! better an exciting life than a boring existance!  smile 
"is learning a little about welding! like the fact that welding in hot weather is mind numbingly hot!!! on the flip side, let me tell you about how to sweat off 10 pounds!!!  laugh "
"is jammin' to \roland the headless thompson gunner\""!  laugh """
"really enjoyed the special assembly day at conyers today! excellent spiritual food, and great association! leaving out tomorrow for nyc, gonna be gone a couple of weeks at least "
is back in nyc  now to do my impression of snake plisskin!!!  wink 
is glad the weekend is here!
wants to go to an old fashioned speak easy that plays killer big band music  any place in the atl fit the <propmale>?
friday again!!  laugh 
is about ready to be back in the land of <propfemale>! about one more week here in nyc 
check out my photo album i just created that has some of the views from the building i have been working on!
has got done in nyc and is gonna be heading home to ga tomorrow! woo-hoo! the big blue dodge is gonna be flying!!!  laugh 
is back home in ga!  laugh 
"has had a great weekend  enjoyed going out with cousins and friends sat , and we got a raised bed garden done at my grandparents (paternal) today!"
is headed over to mississippi to dog sit at my parents while they go to the district convention 
"is very happy to have been there today when my <propfemale> got baptized! as an added bonus, <propfemale> and <propfirst> bositck also got bapized today!  laugh  now the race of endurance really starts! sorry to some of the friends i was not able to say hi to during the lunch period, i will have a longer visit in a month or so!"
got back home to ga last night  having a stereo in my little yellow car is so worth it! the trip was much more endurable with tunes!  smile 
service tomorrow!
had a great day out in service today!
had an great evening with wonderful friends!  smile 
gooooooo braves! beat the phillies!
"grilled steaks, grilled onions, sauteed mushrooms, fresh tomatos, and family  life is good!  laugh "
has had a good day!
had a great morning in service!
is
is making homemade ice cream!  laugh 
"is on a greyhound for the first time! (the bus, not the dog!)"
you know its a big truck when i have to hop to get up in it!  laugh 
"is back in ga, and has mad sure four wheel drive high and low range work! life is good!  laugh "
had a great time last time with good friends at fat <propmale>'s rib shack in atl! awesome ribs andlive blues!  laugh 
"is back, once again, in nyc  i have been up here with several feet of snow on the ground, now i'm up here when the temps are in the 90's  i think i prefer the snow!"
"looked like the character \pigpen\"" from <propfirst> brown after working today!!!"""
"just heard a cool song this morning  \little lion man\"" by mumford & sons  cool british group """
got done with work early and is touring washingtons headquarters at newburg ny  (hudson valley)
is going to the movies at times square!
"really enjoyed the movie salt last night  it has lots of plot twists, sorta remeniscent of the bourn identity!"
is making a bumper for my truck  i pity the fool who texts and drives while following me! > smile 
hates it when you look at your departure date and get mixed up and end up not having an extra day!  annoyed 
"so for the next week or so my official song is going to be \cowboy\"" by kid rock!  wink """
"is in hollywood, staying at the andez hotel on the sunset strip! life is gooood!  laugh "
has a new goal  to ride a motorcycle the length of the pacific coast highway! and then some!!!  smile 
has finally got this job in hollywood wrapped up! tomorrow some much deserved r&r b c we had to work 12s both weekend days and today! sad   back to ga wed! i can't wait!  laugh  i much prefer the south!!!
is back in the south! so happy to be home!  smile 
"had to go on an emergency welding service call at 12 smile 0 last night! i did not get to sleep until 5  on the bright side, at least it was not too hot!  smile "
is out in service!  smile 
can't wait until this evening!!! going to the <propmale> petty & the heart breakers concert!  laugh 
"crosby, stills, and nash opened  next up, <propmale> petty!!!  laugh "
had an awesome time at the <propmale> petty concert  easily one of the best concerts ever!
wishes his baby sister was with him enjoying some delicious thai curry!  smile 
"is in long island, enjoying some delicious iced tea!  wink "
is back in the peach state!  smile 
really enjoyed the first day of my district convention 
just enjoyed a great 3 day convention! refreshed and ready to go!  smile  pics l8r this week 
is on the road again 
is back home in the peach state! woot!  laugh 
had a great time at the uproar fest yesterday  avenged sevenfold and disturbed put on great shows  and an awesome watchtower today  good weekend!  smile 
is enjoying a beautiful day and trying to do nothing! (as usual)  laugh 
"just sacrificed a <propmale> light to the grease gremlins in the grill  thankfully it was not guiness, the food would've had to burn!  smile "
had a great day at the conyers quick build! beautiful weather too!  smile 
just washed about 300 pounds of mud off my my truck! now to go find some more!!!
arrrrrg! a 1-0 loss to the phillies? really??? this is like '91 and '92 world series all over again! i can't wait for <propfirst> cox to be gone!
has figured out there are few problems in life that cannot be solved by a bigger hammer!
just had a wonderful evening with family and my two newest cousins!  laugh 
"is cheering for ole miss, uga bulldogs, and the team that is playing arkansas!"
is watching a movie on the lawn with friends!
is uncomfortably under scrutiny  :i(
"one of the cool things about living over here around atlanta is getting to hear the phrase \car-b-que\"" on the radio!  laugh """
"is going camping in the mountains for the next five or so days  no electric, no cell phone service, no worries!!!  laugh  just the sounds of the creek and the wind in the trees!"
"is back from the mountains  i had a great time! went off roading a couple of days, caught some trout and grilled them up with lemon pepper  enjoyed being able to relax around the campfire!  laugh "
is grilling out with my baby sis and cousins  great times!  laugh 
"has got the most awesome sister! she got a new ipod touch, and gave me her \old\"" 80 gig ipod!!!  laugh d"""
lets go braves!!!
"really? the braves lost 1-0? c'mon! i was having flashbacks to the '91 world series tonight! oh well, still a couple of games left "
<propfemale> made it to japan safe and sound with no problems!  laugh 
"wants <propfirst> bond style rockets on my vehicles! the plan is when someone is going slow in the fast <propfirst> they have approx  30 seconds to move over  after that, i \remove\"" them from slowing me down!!! bwahahahahaha!!!> laugh """
had a great time wheelin' at treat mtn yesterday with my cuz  now i'm about to take off for kansas city!
is in kansas city working for a few weeks 
is back in town for the weekend  heading back to kc sunday afternoon 
just blew thru nashville on the way to kansas city  currently in the middle of nowhere kentucky!
"spent the night in <propfirst> ill , now rolling thru st  <propfirst> "
is back in kansas city safe and sound  be back in about a week!
is back home in <propfemale>! now to get back used to working days!  annoyed 
was on fire!  wink   surprise 
let's go rebels!!!
"is doing nothing at all, and doing it well!!!  wink "
"got my bumper 3 4s done today  i should finish it up tomorrow, then on to painting it!"
my bumper all welded up! now on to primer and painting it flat black!  wink 
"please post this as your status if you know, or are related to, someone killed on alderaan when it was obliterated by the death <propfemale>  the rebel alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy, but the galactic empire continues tokill innocent civilians  93% won't copy or paste this to their profile    "
"can't think of anything witty or insightful to post as a status update  wait, i just realized that i never have! oh well, better not break tradition!  annoyed "
"is enjoying the beautiful weather! its perfect for painting, working outside, and relaxing on the deck with a cold brewski!  wink "
got my bumper done!!! now to get my 10k # winch mounted! awwww yeah!  laugh 
"just saw a bunch of tennessee fans  oh, wait, nevermind  they were state prisoners     "
c'mon rebels! this has the makings of a long day     
"well, we got owned today by the volunteers   sad  tennessee played better this time around  next time we'll get 'em!"
hates it when stuff blows up in my face! especially bad for the moustache 
has waited over two hours so far to see the doctor  i signed in at 10:28 and it is now 12 smile 4!!! about to start tearing stuff up!!! > annoyed 
"the question is not who needs a beer, the question is who doesn't?!  laugh "
is back in new york city  lets see if the city survives this good 'ol redneck one more time!  laugh 
headed home today   laugh 
atl!!!
made it safe and sound  glad to be back in the south! there is nothing that compares to it!  smile 
is enjoying the ole miss vs  miss state game at the <propfemale> bred pub in carrollton! hotty toddy!!!
loves thunderstorms!
is having a great morning out in service!  laugh 
work day tomorrow at the carrollton kingdom hall  hopefully we have a good sized crowd  many hands make light work!  wink 
"change\ your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood  the \goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday, dec  6  join the\ fight against child abuse  copy and paste as your status and invite \your friends to do the same"
"had a good day  we had lots of support for the work day at carrollton kingdom hall, (love that power equipment!) and then i had a great time at my grandparents (johnstons) 58th anniversary dinner!"
"had a great time playing football this afternoon, even tho it was dang cold!"
rollin' to atl!
got the concrete poured at the carrollton kingdom hall!
is looking forward to the circuit assembly this weekend!  smile 
my cousin <propmale> got baptized today!!!  laugh 
that was the best circuit assembly ever!
"ahhhh, the reddy heater is my friend!"
just had s'mores for breakfast   laugh  roasted over the wood fire in the <propmale> stove 
going to see the new tron movie tonight  y'all c'mon along! laugh 
is headed to <propmale> co 
has landed safely in <propmale>   smile 
"is at the summit of pikes peak co  14,110 feet above sea level! love it!  laugh "
is taking off for atl! homeward bound  smile 
has landed safely in atlanta! home sweet home   smile 
is looking forward to service this weekend!
interviews today  here is hoping for the best!!!
let's see how creative my facebook friends are   leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name   it can only be 1 word   then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   don't just post a word & not copy; that's no fun! copy and paste this as your status & be nice!
"came over to ms today to get some stuff for moving into the new place  unfortunately, weather is chasing me home first thing in the morning   sad  i promise next time i'll have plenty of time to visit!"
the attack geese are upset  their distant cousin is on the grill!  laugh 
has got the dsl up and running! connectivity rules!
enjoyed having shabushabu for supper last night at my sisters! it was awesome! now to fix some masaman curry tonight 
"really enjoyed the meeting tonight  seems like when life gets you down, if you can make it to the spiritual table you're picked back up!"
had a great time today enjoying the warm weather while relaxing by the lake with a whiskey on the rocks!  smile 
is sitting by the lake enjoying sunshine and 60 degree weather! and a mixed drink!  wink 
interview today with pepsi in newnan  here's hoping it goes well!
"awesome news, i have been selected to part of the in studio audience tomorrow morning on the project 961 morning show!!!!!"
in studio with shafee and klinger on project 96 1!!!  laugh 
had a great time in studio with the project 961 morning crew  it was really cool seeing how a show is actually produced!
"super bowl sunday! i hope the packers win, but i really don't care too much about either team  i guess i will be watching mainly for the commercials!"
interview with <propfemale> motors tomorrow morning  here is hoping for success!
"my interview with <propfemale> went well, and i got a call back from pepsi! looks good on the employment front!  laugh "
is happy to be working for pepsi once again!!! i am going to be a route driver in newnan ga starting monday morning!!!!  laugh 
"is gettin' back into the swing of delivering pepsi! i'm enjoying my new job, trying to get used to waking up early once again  its easier than i thought it would be!  smile "
had an easy day today  nice to be done early and able to relax at home!  wink 
1st paycheck!!!  laugh dd
is feeling better  really enjoyed the meeting today  lovin' where i live too! there is nothing that compares to a beautiful day sippin' on the front porch listening to a skillfully played telecaster!!!  laugh 
"if you want rainbows, you have to endure the rain "
"its always a sign of a great day when you're delivering pepsi and a tornado chaser goes flying by!!! (metaphorically speaking, so far!)"
"sitting on my landlords floating dock, fishing and watching the <propfemale> rise  great times!  laugh "
"ha ha mother nature, my car i already yellow! the most you can do is make it look fuzzy!  playful "
"hmmm, 60 hour weeks must take a toll sometime, i forgot to set my alarm and slept until 1 smile 0 today!  surprise  on the flip side, i feel great!!!  laugh "
we have 50 aux pioneering this month in our hall! i enjoyed this morning in service   smile 
