db24500e5ad6316f5d1922875a6f48ce
"@ times u feel lik ur best is betta den all,otha times u feel lik ur best is all bad & despite ur effort fall short sum ppl tak a leap of faith hopin dey will b ok sum ppl say who cares wat ppl say,which 1 is rite?is there a difference? win life throws obstacles ur way&the world seems 2 b against u all u cn do is pray&kno god will help u thru obstacles will come ur way but its how u get up dat may change ur life "
happy birthday javon!!!!!! daddy loves you and i will see you soon!!!!
"my lil mans bday party went great!!!! he loves all his presents and we had a ball, pics comin soon!!! i think i got a future hooper on my hands!!! put him in the game coach!!! back to work today     got the green light, hopefully by 6 smile 0 wednesday night the deal will be successfully closed, lets get it!!!!"
"you know        im a city boy all day, california is home forever and i cant stand the snow but       im not there, im in the midwest, fort <propmale> to be exact, and as i look at the snow fallilng it doesnt look too bad tonight, tonight nothing would make me happier than to play wit my baby boy in the snow               yea             i wish i could make that happen tonight          daddy misses you             "
"\im watching the greatest show on the biggest plasma tv ever      and i have a front row seat        its called the world\"" - tashira <propfirst>-"""
xmas in 2 days     moms bday in 3 days    my bday in 6 days    new years and my sis bday next month      lets just go hard     mmmmmm we can stop around january 24th       hahahaaaaaaaaa!!!!
aight 3 things    1) this winter ish is for the birds and i miss that california weather!! 2) i might be a lil hype bout the bday    really dont know why though    3) if 1 more woman tells me to start wearin scarves imma go nuts!! can somebody tell me why everybody wants to see me in a scarf!?!?! im tryna take baby steps!!! yall know i been in the midwest for a lil bit now and i just now started wearin a coat    smdh
"a i aint really kill it it had issues it jus buried itself & <propfemale> moved w y do i feel lik u killed it? a idk i had 4 15 hrs, l says i ovrheatd it, i put a spce heater by da cage 2 keep wrm cuz my crib is cld w lik da spce heater u use 2 heat up a room?? a lol ye (head <propmale> n shame) w lol a thought it wud get cold u jerk w u bbq the lil hammi lmao a lmfao not makin me feel better,but b4 i left da sto i got a warnty"
"my sister <propfemale> lagrande finished grad school, her bday is next week        guess we are out on the town smdh     beginning of an interesting night damn damn damn     "
"happy birthday to my sis <propfemale> lagrande!!!!!!!!!!! you gettin up there wit the rest of us sis!!!! hahaaaaaa go girrll its yo birthday, open wide i knw u thirsty!!! say aahhhh ah ah ah ah ah say aahhh ah ah ah ah ah, and we dnt be no drinks at the bar, we pop champagne cuz we got that dough!!!!!!! let me here you say ahhhhhhh!!!!!!! yyyeaaaaaaaaa!!!!"
"happy birthday to my sis <propfemale> lagrande !!!!!!!!!!! you gettin up there wit the rest of us sis!!!! hahaaaaaa go girrll its yo birthday, open wide i knw u thirsty!!! say aahhhh ah ah ah ah ah say aahhh ah ah ah ah ah, and we dnt be no drinks at the bar, we pop champagne cuz we got that dough!!!!!!! let me here you say ahhhhhhh!!!!!!! yyyeaaaaaaaaa!!!!"
"iimm stuck in a basement, sittin on a tricycle, girl gettin on my nerves         goin outta my mind, i thought she was fine, dont know if her body is hers       lmao hahahahahaaaaa"
    
"for a long time it gave me nightmares         having to have witnessed an injustice like that, it was a constant reminder of how unfair this world can be                i can still here all the taunting            \silly rabbit tricks are for kids\""       how come they just couldnt give him some cereal!?!?!?"""
super bowl sunday!!!!!      almost game time!!!!!
lmao aight im in front of the tv and even the news team looks like they just lost their pet dog or somethin!!! hilarious!!
"facebook is boo boo for pullin this lil stunt  and i aint gonna call em the \b\"" word either imma jus say facebook is an unstable creature!!!!!"""
almost done with this nice lil 24 hour shift      my bed is callin for me      not till i finish training though smdh        go hard or go home
what pleasure does one get out of intentionally tryin 2 hurt someone else whether its wit actions or words??? what is the world comin to    better yet what are the individuals who do this goin through??? selfishness is a terrible disease    to all those who are doing rite by themselves & others keep doin you   2 those who may be struggling to do rite or maybe trying to find there way remember there is power in prayer
test me and i bet the results you thought you were gonna get are not the ones you want       test me and you will see another side of me you will never want to see again       test me       this aint a game     
        
"dont go through life being afraid to make mistakes, take risk, or follow your dreams         9 times out of 10 you get what you work for  fear can easily distract you from all of your goals      fear nothing      but if u must      be god fearing      "
i know way too many ppl here right now that i didnt know last year    who the f*** are yall? i swear it feels like the last few nights weve been everywhere and back but i jus cant remember it all    what am i doin?? what am i doin?? oh yea thats right im doin me    im doin me     im livin life right now mane and this what imma do till its over   till its over    but its far from over!!!!!
through exquisite pain comes sublime pleasure
                                                                                                                                                                           and ill say it again if i have to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and ill say it again if i have to  
"to let go, is not to regret the past     but to grow and live for the future"
humility is nothing else but a right judgment of ourselves 
"aight fb, i hate this word      but i feel the urgent need to use it at this point in time          uuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhggggggggggggg!!!!!!!!           aight im good now, that is all    "
"attention <propfemale> lagrande        sis i can \breath\"" again lmbo"""
"what a good morning im havin, best ever!!!!                                 "
"but momma told me to do me,  and don't listen to anybody that knew me,  cause to have known me would mean that there's a new me and if you think i changed, then the slightest could have fooled me      "
lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lakers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lakers!!!!!!!!!!!! nuff said hahaaaa
"hello cali, how you doin?where you goin? and can i come to?\and if i can, imma b your man,you could be my lady, and have my baby\and drive my cars, and drive me crazy,wherever you goin baby girl just take me\cause i'm so taken, if you taken,i'm just sayin baby i'm just sayin     hello cali  7 days!!!!!!"
"two words     one day      wish you knew what i meant huh? believe it, remember it, know it         enuff said"
"it feels soooo goood to be heereee, love  my  fam"
congrats to my sis <propfemale> lagrande for gettin her masters!!!! wish i could be there sis    but you know that means we go hard when i get back hahaha yeessssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! booooommmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
resiliency means bounding back from problems with more power and intelligence than you started with       
resiliency means bounding back from problems with more power and intelligence than you started with       
"the wise mentor knows that being aware of what is not known is important in order to begin to learn  to attain true knowledge and wisdom, we must remain open and empty, allowing ideas from other individuals to rush in  to be empty, to recognize how little we truly know, is to be abundant    "
aight fb i need everyones help on this one       dish network or direct tv?????           and yes they got me too smdh    thats what i get for thinkin i can get over lol it was free while it lasted tho hahaha
"i need some e playful lanations cuz everything sounds bassackwards        and if it dont sound right im tellin    now u really gonna get some \heat\"" and it comin frm miami"""
letsssss gooooooo lakerrrsssss!!!!!!!!!!!! gametime baby!!!!!!! lets get it
"to any and everyone who has been textin me over the past few days i didnt get any of ur messages because i have not updated my phone to the new software yet, ill be doing that today and will be up and running tonight or tomorrow    untill then inbox me and ill get in touch with you"
game time again!!!! lets get it lakers!!!!!
its that day again lakers!!! lets make it happen capn!!!!
as time goes by i c myself makin moves   strategized & precise   either u cn keep up or fall behind   the choice is urs but my fam stays on my side bcuz we move as 1   2010 is anotha yr towards the ultimate goal in life   if at netime n our mvement u feel nervous dat it mite b 2 late 2 catch up   u hav every reason 2 b & should rightfully feel such   never forget where u came frm & remember where u are nw   1 love
"i told yall lakers were comin out on top!!!!!!! lakers alllll day, back to back!!!!!"
"attention!!!!!!!!!!!!!!to alll the laker haters out there in the world & on facebook       us laker fans can not     i repeat cannot hate on the celtics    why u might ask??? bcuz in order to hate, yall celtics would have to have somethin that we want but dont have      for example: a 2010 championship ring      ohhhhhh wait      we have those!!! fresh out the box!!! hahahahahahaha"
"when i let go of what i am, i become what i might be     "
"uh, hardly home but always reppin, you hardly on and always second, \when i'm awake, you always restin, and when they call you\the answer you will hardly question                 where i get it from\these people always wonder who, then they meet my pop\and tell him, <propmale> is just a younger you!!!!"
"we are troubled on every side yet not distressed   we are perplexed but not in despair, persecuted but not foresaken, cast down but not destroyed   "
why does my bro <propfirst> baker look like <propfirst> strahan from the ny giants!?!? now all he need is a foot long frm subway    he already got the gap lmao!!!!
my loyalties are clear when it comes to my friends & family     (fortune cookie)
goodmornin    
lol ppl these days   
                                          
"she live her whole life like tv, she will do nething 4 everything, a regular grl,celebrity dreams she is 90210,she goes 2 catch up, although her rents up,in her defense she part of the crowd,she gone borrow sum money,she is 90210   idk bout any1 else but id ratha b broke w  bills paid & nothin 2 worry bout then tryna live a life i cnt afford, ppl 2day r 2 caught up in livin \good\""    word 4 the day    responsibilty"""
                 man
thank god for family
jus snacked on 3 tacos and 3 chili dogs    bomb    ill be hungry in an hour lol smdh
"i might not be who i want to be yet, but im happy that im not who i used to be     its not what lies behind or ahead that is important but what lies within that matters most!!!!"
"annnndd the winner of the dumbest statement of the 2010: \i know this guy     he's not foreign but he's not from the country\""       lmbbco hahahahahaha smdh thats deep      """
"if one more person tells me i look, act, or remind them of <propfirst> hart     i promise you money    son    "
man            people these days are a trip       i think its about that time     
"have you ever felt somethin crawlin on you, but you tried to play it coo and take a look first so you can see whatever it is that was on you before you kill it, but when u look there is nothin there but it still feels like somethin is crawlin on you??? that jussss happended swear fo life    "
revis said i need to name my island       any ideas????
7 weeks into the season and they finally caught me slippin      big play too    smdh      now im at work but at least i can hear the word     
missin my fam     
"sow an act, and you reap a habit; sow a habit, and you reap a character; sow a character, and you reap a destiny          we best show our character in trifles, where we are not on our guard  it is in the simplest habits, that we often see the boundless egotism which pays no regard to the feelings of others and denies nothing to itself "
i think im bein givin the silent treatin by triple city     this is bad for business smdh    no bueno    
"have you ever met them ppl that feel like they always gotta have some sort of control?? or they fabricate a situation so that they feel as if they are in control??? funny ppl       tune in next week for another episode of     \things that make you  go hmmmmmm\"" lmbbco lg"""
happy birthday <propfemale> stevens !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! get it in one time real swift like!!!!!!!!!! early!!!!!!!
"the best way to predict the future is attempting to create it     excellence is <propfemale> an accident, its always the result of high intent, sincere effort, intelligent direction, skillful execution & the vision to see obstacles as opportunities      countless, unseen details are the only difference between mediocre & magnificent, which one do you choose to be????       s i r e ( the movement begins now)"
the best revenge in life is to forgive & live well     
failure is the key to my success       understand where you have been to determine where to go    
lmbbco i jus heard a deer bark!!!!!! hahahahahahaaha
ask me a question in my inbox or honesty box and i'll answer it
ask me a question in my inbox or honesty box and i'll answer it
q: 1 on 1    do you think you can stop me on the field??? a: i guess we will find out decemeber 12th 2010 huh?? oh and before i forget   ill be moving from safety to db just for you cuzn
q: what was ur first impression of me homie? a: wow why her hair look like that??? thats amazing!!! she prolly uses garnier fructis everynight faithfully!! i wonder if she would donate her hair to 37 people in need      well she could prolly get 38 and still have enough to get a halle <propmale> cut hahahaha lmbbco
ask me a question in my inbox or honesty box and i'll answer it
questions questions who got em!?!?!?!?!?!
lovin the questions!!! keep em comin!!!!
mantener mi enfoque    serenidad
"happy birthday to my baby boy!!!!! 4 years old today, ur grown now lets go get you a job lol    daddy loves you soooo much and cant wait to see you"
did usc jus drop the game winning touchdown?!?!?! how did this happen!?!?! nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo     im heated!!!!
"change your facebook profile picture to a \cartoon from your childhood, and invite your friends to do the same  \until monday december 6th next week, we hope to see less human faces on \facebook, but an invasion of childhood memories    this is for awareness\of violence against children"
man focus aint all the way there    ill be glad when all this is done and over with    few more weeks left     home stretch
as of today i have a crush on <propfemale> moore      im jus sayin     she is pretty much a beast lol
"mornin fb, i know its a week late but i wanted to thank everyone for the bday wishes!!!! i been sick since my bday so i aint been on here much    thanks again everyone, i appreciate all the love!!!!!"
"funny of the day      #1\aye come out the room real quick\""   #2 \""aight whats up???\""     #1 \""wait wth is that smell comin out ur room??\"" #2 \""man what u talkin bout??\"" #3 \""that ish smells like vasaline and wet socks!!!\"" lmbbco hilarious    hahahah who says ish like that??"""
dios mio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
attn: 4 yall who wanna come & visit me during the winter especially <propfemale> brown & <propfemale> stevens here is the 3 day snow forcast   2nite 3-5 inches  tue 3 inches  tue nite 8-12 inches!! wed   snowin   & yall think snow is cute! this aint a game! we make our own popsicles round these parts yo!!! its so cold in here!! gucci! burrr! lol thanks and have a blessed day  that is all  
happy belated birthday to my cuz shalona <propmale> i hope you went hard     its the weekend so go hard again!!! wish i could be there to celebrate     oh and cuz i tried to call you on yo actual bday but you change <propfirst> like ppl change they clothes lol
my doors are frozen shut!!!!! smdh     
"got 3 hours of sleep last night, tryin to go back to sleep & cant        ugly situation"
yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo          anybody know where the food is?? im bout to quit my job right now just so i can go get some food lol food jones      smdh haha
"whyyyyy is it snowin!?!?!?! can i get some sunshine!?!? ill even take some rain!!!!      (in my <propfirst> cane jr voice) \nights like this iii wishhhhhh raindrops would fa aa aa aa allllll\""    \""cant nobody sang like ol <propfirst> cane\"" lol      that is all   """
"happy birthday to the ace aka <propfemale> dobbs go ham for me one time!!!! wish i could celebrate wit you!!!!! much love, respect and blessings!!!! also a happy belated birthday to lil sis <propfemale> cisco      where the gumbo at!?!?!? lol\ to the both of you    live laugh love    the world is your playground, keep buildin those dreams  wink "
"is makin power moves    all obstacles only lead to opportunity and all opportunities have 1000 ways they can play out, live for the moment but choose your path wisely because the road less traveled still has the bumps that have yet to be smoothed out     a new chapter begins      lg"
