bd71be514a1f30ab8a8d2543a2a76edb
"happy new year!! this is the year of action  if you've been putting it off, this is the time to do it!"
"this is the month to \quit!\"" quit eating things you know are not good for you! if you can't quit   eat smaller portions!"""
"this is the month to \quit!\"" quit staying in unhealthy relationships! it is not okay for people to verbally or physically abuse you! so quit lying to yourself!"""
"this is the month to \quit!\"" quit trying to change people! it doesn't work!"""
"this is the month to \quit!\"" quit listening to the naysayers!"""
"this is the month to \quit!\"" quit making excuses about why you are where you are or why you can't do what you want to do!"""
"this is the month to \quit!\"" quit waiting on others to give you the answers   and start finding the answers for yourself! if what you are doing isn't working for you     then quit it!"""
getting things done today
i miss my family    
what is up with evanston's firework music   the fireworks were okay but the music sucks!
i thank god for growth  something that would have set me off does not even phase me anymore  thats what you call growth 
"its a wonderful thing when you can make checks on your \stuff to get done\"" list  i feel my load is lightening up """
i will never do a slumber party with a bunch of 10 yr old again     
got my smile on
getting through the mounds of paper work that has been lingering for a long time  i'm about to exhale     
look to change some old habits 
looking forward to the weekend  tgif soon!
it's friday and my house is clean and the clothes are washed    going to see g- force with my girls 
"got to spend some time with our family friend and my god brother, whom i have not seen in a couple of years  it wasn't enough time  make time for the people that are important to you!"
funny first saturday at the <propmale> on michigan tomorrow  if you like to laugh y'all should come check it out  it's funny people there 
beginning some healthier habits  ready set go!!!
"is getting her rest on all day! thank you, lord "
"i need a vacation,,,,,,,,,,,,      "
had a great time with nlco singles' cruise last night  i love my church
love my job   
i have no other choice but to trust god!
"to all my e-town praying parents: school is about to start and before they start, walk around your child's school(s) and pray for god's protection over our children, teachers, staff and the grounds, that no hurt, harm or danger may trespress "
   and the <propfemale> turned and a new chapter begins
got a moment: read psalms 91
in the book of judges: don't worry about people when they write you off   they just may need you later 
did you know that complaining takes a lot of energy that you could be using for good?
"all summer my kids are healthy, but now that school has started, they are getting sick  what's up with that?"
men are loyal women are faithful true or false?
butterflies          
"as the pages turn in my life, there i have great e playful ectations that favor is all around me!! i'm liking this chapter"
i need a massage like    right now
if  you like or love someone <propmale> after them and maybe god will let you be with them only if he or she is right for you and if  they are not he will pull you back
i need to hear from you      
enjoying this beautiful day 
"i have no other choice but to trust god!! nclo- new lifers: i wish i could be at bible study, i'm going to cheer my daughter on in her volleyball game "
still trusting him   
its cold and raining    makes you want to stay in     
  puttin things in order helps you operate better 
god got a blessings    with my name on it
still have work to do    
hanging out with my nephew   he said i make the best soup ever   lol  a smooth talker at the age of 4 
"its friday y'all  the week is almost up  thank you, lord"
my mom is my shero     
when you are going through find a song that will encourage you  praise will confuss the enemy smile 
"when two people admit that they are attracted to each other, the relationship is no longer in your control  it has to play itself out, whether the outcome is good or bad "
shhhh! today is a great day to be quiet and listen    
you cannot conquer what you are not willing to face!
"you know when you have forgiven someone    when you can talk about the situation  without feeling the pain, hurt or anger "
sending out some hugs to all my family and friends!
"when you know god has your back, all you can do is sit back and watch him work it out "
resentment is like you drinking poison and e playful ecting the other person to die 
"going to check out \precious\"" the movie tonite"""
is going outside   it is soooo nice 
never place a period where god has placed a comma  (hope that helps someone today like it is helping me )
"this is the day the lord has made  let us rejoice! and be glad       (a hard pill to swallow sometimes when things are not well, but he said count it all joy) so i'm counting     174, 175, 176    "
squirrels      tried to get in my house  i had to go out and get on the roof  i was ms  construction worker today  woman power!!!!
"sitting back, watching god turn things around  this is the year of the lord's favor  i got 6 more weeks     hey new lifers   "
i want to add a new dish to the thankgiving table   any suggestion (outside the traditional)?
time to start cooking    hhhmmmm
i'm coming back to the heart of worship 
"i miss fb, i have just been so busy  i'm reminded of what this season is all about  love  <propfirst> 3:16"
god will overcome in our behalf if we will stay true to him  read the book of obadiah
i need some warm weather   please!!!!
brown
i love god!!!- new lifers- service was awesome today 
i had a good day today because i decided too 
"another day of \action!\"""""
"friday    oh! how i like to hear \friday\"" if only it was today  lol"""
tgif    go do something fun! laugh your head off; treat yourself  this is the year of action  start by taking better care of yourself 
you cannot conquor what you are not willing to face 
write the vision!
this is the year of action: in your finances- pull that credit report and see how much you owe and write a plan on how you are going to pay it off  it time!!! write it down  how do you ask god to help you with your finances and you don't even know how much you owe  you cannot conquer what you are not willing to face!!
happy monday fb  i'm feeling so much better today and now its back to business  put your best smile on  the favor of god is on your life 
"father, i want to thank you that i have your favor over my life today  father, thank you that you are directing my steps causing me to be at the right place at the right time  thank you that your favor is brining me opportunities, brining incfrease and promotion  thank you that this will be one of my best years, in jesus name amen!"
"this is the year of action annoyed peak life into every situation   stop telling your child and everyone that they are bad  heres's some words you can use  father, i thank you that my child is blessed  s he will make good decisions; s he is free from strongholds; s he will fulfill her his <propfemale>  in the name of jesus i pray  amen see what god will do"
"i heard a song from <propmale> houghton:  i am not forgotten  i am not forgotten, god knows my name  god has not forgotten about you  he got you  now put your best smile on  laugh "
started my zumbe class today   it was fun!lol action     this is the year      
this is the year of action: tomorrow i start my pilate class  i'm on a mission  ready set go
go vote!!!!
i need a day to just myself    asap
"i got no sleep last night   i know at some point today i'm going to crash, the question is \when?\"""""
its friday y'all 
when you continue to lie about a situation the solution to the problem never comes 
you cannot draw conclusions as long as there is missing information  things are never as they first appear  reserve judgement  never attept to e playful lain or penalize someone for actions you do not fully understand  romans 2:1
make smile     your style
god may have bigger plans for our lives than we have for ourselves
let's keep praying for our children when they go to school
i have no other choice but to trust god!!
"if we don't learn to manage pain by dissolving it or letting it go, it infects your future - bishop td jakes"
"open the eyes of my heart, lord  i need to see you   "
remebering the good times with my family  we wll get throw this threats family
i love god!
<propfirst> 21:21
"lord, give me a heart to love everyone, even my enemies  i'm not there yet  in the name of jesus "
"every word you speak today will paint a portrait of your faith, both in your mind and the minds of those around you  -<propfirst> murdock"
"whatever u give a woman, she will make it greater  give her a house, she will give u a home  give her groceries, she will give u a meal  give her a smile & she will give u her heart  she multiplies and enlarges what she is given  so if u give her crap, be ready to receive a ton of stuff!!"
<propmale> 55:8-9
faith is your confidence in god  faith is a tool   a key   a weapon  faith comes when you hear god talk  faith comes when you speak out loud    andthing god would say  <propmale> 10:17
sometime we can be so clouded in our own minds that we cannot see what god is showing us 
this is the year of action! immediately   
this is the year of action: and i'm clearing my plate
you are the offspring of a perfect god- talk like it  his convenant with you is forever- think like it  his prosperity is penetrating every area of your life- live like it  3 <propfirst> 1:2
<propfemale> and beautiful  i' m loving this weather 
"i just want to thank you, lord!"
"my god is big! so strong, so mighty    "
enjoy what you have  hope for what you want 
i still believe in your faithfulness i still believe in your truth i still believe in your holy word even when i don't see i still believe- <propfirst> camp
"father, i want to thank you that your favor is surrounding me like a shield  thank you that your favor is opening up doors the no man can shut  your favor is brining me supernatural opportunities, devine connections causing me to be at the right place at the right time  in the mighty name of jesus i pray  let the church say    "
rip- gone but not forgotten
acts 17:27-28
honor the holy spirit  permit him to move  do not quench him  trusting him is not a risk!!
"after the pain of parting comes the happiness of healing; rediscovering life, friends, self and joy "
your lose is not a surprise to god  he's already arranged a comeback  that's why i have no other choice but to trust him!
god has given us two hands  one to recieve with and the other one to give with  what are your hands doing?
proud mom~ brye made the varsity team
proud mom~ making the honor roll all year and varisity cheerleader all in her 1st year in high school  how great is that?
"be praying for my friend k, he's having bipass surgery and he is young"
k made it through the surgery  thanks for all the prayers  but continue to pray for full recovery 
an incredible god desires an incredible praise 
"sometimes we get tired  the devil don't stop when we are at our weakest or lowest point \*you have to regroup *encourage yourself *you can't fight the same *there need to be a difference in your walk with god *when the enemy comes- sound the alarm *this is why its important to go to church"
rebuilding: access the damage; point out the problem(s); have a solution  have a plan; know who has your back; know how to work with and who not too 
"you can make all the plans you want, but god has made his and doesnt feel the need to check in with you"
it going to be a great weekend    get outside and play   safely    
every saint has a past and every sinner has a future
god is so good i made it to    i'm not telling  lol  thank you for all the birthday wishes  love u all
refuse to give up  you are too close to your reward  a moment of pain is worth an eternity of gain  go get your crown 
"sometimes we have to speak to ourselves annoyed god, i'm going to believe what you say inspite of how i feel, inspite of what my logic is telling me, inspite of how long its been  i just going to keep acting like what you said is true until its down in my spirit  i'm going keep reminding myself that you're in control, knowing that you are a faithful god and you would never let me down  in jesus name    amen"
reading psalms 37   join me
"the heart doesn't always make the best choice, it makes mistakes too "
"a friend of mine said annoyed  men are loyal and \women are faithful \what do you think?"
"listen to what you say about yourself  our words have creative powers  you are prophesying your future  today, start speaking faith filled words \det 28"
"you get what you call in    \watch what you say \det  28"
"i pray each day, that i not stand in my way, so that i can do what i have been created to do    i keep remembering it isn't just about me, its about who i touch \~lisa nichols"
"if we dont learn to manage pain by dissolving it or letting it go, it infects the future \~td jakes"
i love being surrounded by those that love me  its like a real big hug!
it's pretty hard for the lord to guide you if you haven't made up your mind which way you want to go 
"man look at your outward appearance, but god looks at the heart "
can someone direct me to the sunshine please
thank you lord
i'm believing for an ephesian 3: 20  because i trust him!!
got a big blow today   but i should have known it was coming because i am believing god  and you know what    i still am believing and trusting god  i have no other choice but to trust him
"it's a new season  it's a new day  a fresh annoiting, is flowing my way "
"it was on and popping at new life convenant oakwood \thanks pastor <propfemale> for delivering god's word  i needed it!\i'm getting back to the heart of worship!"
"allow yourself a <propmale> to change annoyed every man fails  champions simple get back up    and do it again  don't be so hard on yourself  little by little you will start tasting the reward of your change \discomfort is a seed for change  the willingness of <propfemale> to leave moab qualified her to meet her boaz, her husband   ~mike murdock"
"praise and worship are weapons that satan dreads  demons are demoralized by it  do not neglect this weapon  it is too powerful to ignore  as you lift your hands in worship and praise, you will literally purge the atmosphere of demon activity  \worship corrects your focus  it keeps your mind on god "
you have two choices: bitter or better  one comes with chains 
we are called prayer warriors not prayer worriers
we never know when god is going to use the situation to present an unforgettable lesson 
god id faithful and god is good- but that doesn't mean life is not hard! there are always things to keep us on our knees- battles to fight and souls to win for christ 
"no matter how skilled a soldier may be, he never goes into battle alone or unarmed "
"i put it in your hands, lord"
a dream you dont fight for will haunt you for the rest of your life  its not too late  go ahead and get started 
god never aborts a dream 
"now god has us where he wants us, with all the time in this world and the next to shower grace and kindness upon us in christ jesus  saving is all his idea, and all his work  all we do is trust him enough to let him do it  it's god's gift from start to finish! we don't play the <propmale> role  if we did, we'd probably go around bragging that we'd done the whole thing! no, we neither make nor save ourselves "
"so today i went out to breakfast with a friend and we had talked about black women dating outside their race  so, what's your thought?"
its friday   
this is going to be one of my best weeks this year 
"the best man in my life has gone home today  i'm going to miss you daddy :,0(\thank you to my friends and my family  i love you all  keep us in your prayers "
"homegoing for <propfirst> latimer annoyed wake service: tuesday, july 27 7pm-8pm@ united faith missionary baptist church 1321 foster\visitation service: wednesday, july 28 9am-10:50am @lake church 607 lake st  evanston\homegoing service, wednesday, july 28 10am @ lake church 607 lake st  evanston"
thank you everyone for all your prayers and thoughts  it was heart felt and sincere  and we appreciate it 
today      is a good day 
get a fresh vision for your life 
you have to come to your closed doors in order to get to your open doors 
"why when the kids are gone, i have a lot of house cleaning to do?"
what are you passionate about?
i think im a little numb sometimes   but i miss him :'o(
"if you will do what you can, god will step in and do what you can't "
god has his way of erasing the pain   its called worship
"changes are hard because its a habit, but necessary because its healthier for you  today is a good day to start "
"god can turn the heart of a king   \guess what he can do about your situation?"
my song for the day is: \i'm coming out," with my hands up!\""\"bd71be514a1f30ab8a laugh 2543a2a76edb,i just had my jumbo size coffee from starbuck and now im feeling toasty in this freezing office   surprise )
"for all the single people that are out there    \what do you think of dating sites?"
"come on pray with me annoyed father, i want to thank you, that you are blessing the works of my hands; increasing my store houses; for making me plentious in goods \you said you will open your good treasury and rain down favor, so father i'm e playful ecting your goodness in my life today \det 28:11-13, i <propmale> 17; det 8- read your book  wink "
"humble yourselves under the mighty hand of god, that he may exalt you in due time, casting all your care upon him, for he cares for you \i <propfirst> 5:6-7"
having fun with your family is one of the best investments you can make 
i miss my best friend    
"if god thought you need him, he would have left him in your life  so thank god for all those who left "
"fathers, go have a daddy day with your child(ren) this weekend "
i had a great time with my family last night  i pulled out some old photos and it was hilarious  don't worry    i will post them soon  lol!
put your best smile on and do something nice for 5 people you don't know 
"live with great e playful ectancy!\this could be the day it turns around  surprise )"
black   
"all wounds are not seen, but there is treatment  <propmale> 61"
"so who do you believe, a person that can telling you a bold face lie without fliching or someone with a shady back ground?"
"i woke up this morning with this song on my mind    donald <propfirst>, \the best is yet to come\"" \",bd71be514a1f30ab8a laugh 2543a2a76edb,"be prepared  you're up against far more than you can handle on your own  take all the help you can get, every weapon god has issued, so that when it's all over but the shouting you'll still be on your feet  truth, righteousness, peace, faith, and salvation are more than words  learn how to apply them  you'll need them throughout your life "
i voted!
"come on, pray with me   \father,\i want to thank you that you are blessing the works of my hands  you are increasing my store houses  i want to thank you that you are making me plentious in goods  you said you will open up your good treasury and rain down your favor  so father, i'm e playful ecting your goodness in my life today "
"you cannot conquor what you are not willing to face    \well   i'm not scared anymore "
get up and move toward success 
the snow is coming     
what do you need to let go of to have peace in your life?
"now it's time to change your ways! turn to face god so he can wipe away your sins, pour out showers of blessing to refresh you, and send you the messiah he prepared for you, namely, jesus "
you have the anointing of god wrapped around you  act like it!
"god does not always choose those are qualified, but he qualifies those he choose "
"this is my \net breaking\"" year"""
"i'm going to stop saying \no\"" to me and step out on faith! with some action!"""
"suggested reading: the 5 love languages by dr  <propfirst> chapman\find out yours!"
"this is \single's awareness\"" day!"""
                                     and i smile
                                                 i choose to worship!
happy anniversary - new life!
never complain about what your permit!
successful prayers requires the name of jesus!
something spoken        can be misinterpreted  ask questions and talk it out 
what was the best pick up line someone used to get your attention?
"life is not about finding yourself, but creating who you want to be!"
