018ff2257ea2bef01b21b2cb3c2d28c7
im just wonder why i so many family members on here and noone has added me but my sistah?!?! guess that show who and how much im loved
why is it ppl get mad that i have not added them to my friends even though they haven't added me??
if we are on facebook at school is that really learning??    gov't money hard at work    lol
finally cleaned out my car! yea me!! cleaned out the ol e playful edition too    yea me! now i just need to find some one to wash my car out of the kindness of their heart    lol!!
"omgeeee!!! i'm so bored     at school waiting to take a test  i have to do pc work while i wait and it's boring, i already finished  hatin' it!!!"
for anyone who has messaged me or tried to call me    my cell phone does not have service  i'm not ignoring folks i just dont have a cell phone right now    but if anyone would like to donate to the cause it would be appreciate it   
made presidents list    woo hoo!! all so got attendence recognition    now i just got to get my average up this mod from a 94    dang!
finally back in with technology and civilization    woo hoo!! i feel like a retard tho cuz i dont know how to work anything     btw thank you pawpaw <propfirst>!
stressin about a report for school    had to get here early to try to get some work done    wish me luck    lol
"omg!!! my eyes are crossing    this report project is killing me     in a slowly, painfully, silently but deadly ninja kind of way    lol"
being nosey on everyones <propfemale> to see whats going on in the real world (i swear i can multi-task and i'm not putting off studying for my final)
waiting to go home    nothing but homework to do     and no nessa you cant copy my work    lol!
why does looking for a job feel like a full time job? i think i should get paid for it 
i like it on the floor   
ombj!! still waiting for my grade on my final! ughhh    
started my job today    im so tired i almost fell asleep twice    my bad! lol!
first touchdown of the game!! go horns!!!!
hook 'em horns!! 51 to 17!!! went to u t  game in <propfirst> with my fam    next time i think i may tailgate    pondering  
"\e playful erience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you \"" - aldous huxley"""
"change ur fb profile pic to ur favorite cartoon character or animated movie and invite ur friends to do the same  the goal? to not see a human face on fb and invasion of childhood memories as part of the fight against child abuse  \ i will speak up for the little ones \"""""
"to my friends who have been posting on my <propfemale> and asking how i am and what im doing    i'm sure u can tell i don't get on here much any more, so    i miss you guys!! thanks for the post i know you haven't forgotten me yet!"
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching (so is <propfemale>) to see who really do   es <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas
