76af4c9198b25cb269cdf399f9ed423e
"the only one i have is me, and sometimes i annoy me lol"
bored   
 sad 
i love <propmale> of the hill   
can't sleep     
relaxing   
i don't want to work today!!!
don't want to work today   i have to close and then wake up at 8 a m  grrrrrrrrr
nothing is exactly as it seems  nor is it otherwise 
second night i cannot sleep  grrrr     i need a vacation or something so i can relax!!!!
happy 4th  of july everyone!!!! be safe!
"good googly moogly, that thang is juicy!!!"
"okay, i may sound pretty dumb but, how do you get to quizzes? i usually just go through somebody who has taken one, but i don't want to do that anymore    somebody help!! there has to be an easier way!!!"
"forgive, don't forget   "
somebody broke my driver's side window and stole my cd player    guess the car is not selling anytime soon  sad 
"want to go out, but don't want to get ready lol"
i want a whole new life    not going to happen though lol
lidell on dancing with the stars?!?!?!?!
2 new purses for $50!!! so stoked!!!!!!  smile 
 smile 
lol   smile 
great week so far    hope that it lasts!!!
work and the morning and i can't sleep!!! so annoying   
"tired and my parents are having friends over    ugh!!! o well, i get lamb kabobs  smile "
"reading, glad to be working my mind after years of wasting it lol"
 smile 
 smile 
happy hallowen!!!!
happy thanksgiving everybody!!!
happy new year everyone!!!!
less than a week until the big 2-1!!!!!
omg i'm 21!!! can't want to get the party going! suggestions welcome for some cool places to go to   
"i'm all about my cake, i'm tryin' to marry <propfemale> crocker "
can we keep facebook the same from now on?!?!?!? i feel so confused!!!
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone!!!
got my ac adapter today and it works!!!! so glad to have my computer back!!!!
watching scarface  smile 
"o, what a beautiful day!!!!  smile "
happy easter everyone!!!
i would just like to say thank you to all the people i met tonight  i didn't think the night was going to go as good as it did and i am elated that it happened like that  smile  can't wait until tomorrow lol
blah
i wanted to go out and then i took too long of a nap    grrrr
found an excuse to go out    going to <propmale> world for new work shoes  text me if you have excuses for me to stay out later lol 
"so, <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabeth\ <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfirst> <propfirst> and \tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage\ is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really??   \ feel free to copy and paste if you agree"
i don't want todo anything but play call of duty   what's wrong with me?!?!?!lol
thursday 11 o'clock; start of a new journey!!!!! hope it's a prosperous one!
just spent half my check on nothing i actually wanted  i despise adulthood!!!!
some people are just plain selfish!
today could be better   
going out; have to get it in before school  smile 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!
done with my first quarter of school!!!! i 'm so proud of myself  smile 
<propfirst>'s list!!!! 3 75!!!! i am feeling wonderful to say the least 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!! hope it is a great one!!!!
"if i want to keep my hands to myself and line up in an orderly fashion tomorrow, i have to get a good night's sleep!!!"
"i backed my car into a cop car the other day  well he just drove off, sometimes life's okay "
<propfirst>'s list again! i am so freaking proud of myself  smile 
new phone! i love it!
