a2f6ccc2f19f9e335131b6da4d3f93a0
ok  so lets see wats so special about facebook 
aunt <propfirst>'s house today for turkeyy dayy !  smile 
goin ovr tas for the weekend!!!!  laugh 
watching the originalll night of the living dead !  laugh 
well this is sure to be an easyy game  wink 
stayin the nite at lexiss  smile  the lake was freakin sweet !
fmllll i am so burnt   but it was worth it !
lightin fireworks  some dumbass just threw a firecracker at the box of fireworks 
drivers test scheduled for thursday  my car wont start so im stuck takin it in the van  annoyed 
i passed !  laugh  goin to the license place noww  smile 
goin to pick up my report card  by myselff!!!     movies later to see despicable me !
ok  all the family's gonna find out sooner or later so i mite as well start here  moms in the hospital  she got taken from work in an ambulance with chest pains but theyre sayin its not a heart attack  dads up there with her now with no cell dont try to call  shes in room 311 at st elizabeths in boardman if u wanna see her  takin a stress test at like 8 or 9 a m  thats all for now ill keep u guys posted on here 
well i guess ill learn sooner or later   put ur car windows up at nite incase it storms   annoyed   annoyed 
i think i effed up my wrist somehow  its been killin me for like a week  oh well ill get it checked out sooner or later  haha
i looove thunderstorms!!!!!!!!!
holyy ballsss ! another stormm!!!! awesome !
sooo  anyone wanna go with me later in august to go see vampires suck?!?!? lol
lake today with some friends  and mayb <propmale>  idk how he puts up with me anymore   annoyed 
leaving for the lake  by myself  whoop <propfirst> doo  
hangin out with nee today and makin some zuccini breadd  wink 
"i absolutely love tht i have a bf tht acts like a freakin 2 yr old  its like he doesnt know wat the word \maturity\"" means !"""
goin to craige beach with <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale> for the day  smile 
ozzy osbourne on kimmel  wink 
2 days !  laugh d the rents are actually lettin me and <propmale> drive!! gotta clean my carr so theres nothin tht makes sum1 wanna break into it   lol 
i cant get a freakin break   i go to try n clean my car to drive to the concert and now my window wont go up and the battery is dead   fml 
waffles are delicious  wink 
well   its official  i need glasses  annoyed  buttt  i got sweet frames so its not tht bad ;
"ive made a realization that friends dont last forever and people in school should really focus on education  if ive learned anything by going out to the career center its who my real friends are  i love you guys  to the ones i thought were my friends but wont talk to me anymore, i dont care you dont matter  smile "
mite go to the game tonite  prolly wont tho  lol
du hast is an amazing song ! lol 
this day is dragging on forever  
<propfemale> i love you i forgot i put tht song on my playlist and it just came on and made me happy  smile ))) lmao
"off to do forgotten about hmwrk, clothes, then to bed  nite all "
canadian ppl cant ejaculate   isnt that right will  wink  lol
the happy song by liam lynch puts a smile on my face every time  smile  lol
0 o im bored  entertain me !? lol
neenees here  gonna make up the last batch of zuccini bread of the year  :''''(
waiting for bread to bake  annoyed  covered in batter   tiss very sticky  laugh  lol
"waitin for momm to get home, then goin to get gas n possibly some yummy sheetz food(;, then goin to see a movie with <propmale> & friends  fun nite  smile "
wait for <propmale>  despicable me in a couple hrs  smile 
bedd smile 
to those who didnt kno already  my phone is fixed now smile  smile  smile 
i love youu  love 
love you babe  love 
makin muffins with nee  smile 
boredd  dunno wat im doin today  annoyed 
ohhh yeahh!!!! we bad!!!! suck it browns fans!!!!!! ¡?;  #$% &*()><    =+§
its so over  steelers rule !  wink 
pizzaaa  wink  nom nom
bout to do me some homework  than gonna dig thru myy closet and try to find some dramatic appearal para la pagina  smile 
mooooore zuccini bread muffinss !  laugh 
homework    annoyed 
bed  smile 
waitin to hear from lexi  gotta go get gas then claytons party eventually   smile 
"ohhh the stuff you see in pa  willard drive, purdy road, and a hearse at a collision repare shop  good times  "
wooooot ! go steelers !  laugh ddd
theee biggest headache ever   annoyed  takin a pill and goin to bed  smile 
<propfirst> d's sweet tea  yumm  smile 
"if you think i'm cute, like this status  if you love me put a ?  if i am your friend put a  smile   if you want to go out with me, poke me  if you miss me put a  annoyed   if you ever had a crush on me message me saying you do  if your not scared post this as your status !"
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post if          you are in the military, ? love a military member ? , or appreciate our troops "
project   annoyed 
wings in a bit =
curse you alarm clock for waking me up at 5:10 this morning  annoyed 
headache finally went away  now enjoying my frosted flakes and munsters marathon  life is good  smile 
"alright  because of last nights' depressing event, i am officially changing the game of rock, paper, scissors to browns, steelers, saints   "
dyin the hurr  smile 
dont you just love how you think you know people and they end up telling lies about you behind your back   welcome to my day  annoyed 
happy 15 months babe  smile 
stayinn ovr jays  laugh  definately gonna be a good nite !
blahh kinda day  mountain of laundry to do  annoyed  plus the homework  gahh 
i could kick a baby right now   my favorite hoodie just got eatin by my stupid freakin dryer   annoyed 
heeere we go  smile 
it is so fitting that the thing that made my dad laugh until he cried for the 1st time in like 2 yrs is a cd of assorted fart noises that is sister sent him   
blah kinda day  happy birthday dad  smile 
come on steelers !
i woul very much appreciate it if noone asked me any questions 
to all of my so called friends that feel it necessary to talk shit on me   screw you 
woooot go steelers!!!!!!  laugh ddd
finee go steelers and packers ! =p lol
i love when your parents paint the mailbox bright frickin red without telling you   making me think i was pulling into the wrong driveway when i came home today  lol
yeahh <propmale> go steelers !  wink 
missed my 1st day of school today    annoyed  how depressing 
i effingg hate the snow !  annoyed 
another 2 hr delay  smile  wooot !
mk  u ppl wanted me to  so i finally cracked  heres my pokemon picture  playful 
effingg love snow dayss!!!!!!!!  laugh 
if anyone was plannin on callin mom today to tell her happy birthday  plz dont do it till after like 3  she wrked a 10 hr last nite 
"loves how u can trust someone for so long, then find out about some of the biggest betrayals possible  well im not protecting u from the ppl that want ur ass and ive moved on to bigger and better things  smile  end of story "
mags family christmas party   aaalways eventful  smile 
screwww all the christmas movies that're on   im watchin frankenfish !  laugh 
"hand's broken, pain meds arent workin, so therefore i cant sleep  sad  anyone up  ?"
so yeah im gonna need to get surgery and prolly have a bunch of plates n pins n screws put in me  doc isnt even sure yet    annoyed  but its gettin done next monday the 3rd  crying  not very excited for waitin that long but at least theyre uppin my pain meds to perkocets  smile 
you dont realize how much you take for granted until you lose the basic ability to use both of your hands to do everyday stuff   
thank goodness for computers and cell phones or i would be ready to go on a killing spree from stir craziness !  smile 
leavin for surgery in a few  kinda nervous  wish me luck   
dont feel too great today    annoyed  just wanna sleep  alll day  grrr 
lazy day   buttload of hmwrk to do  amazing weekend tho  smile 
2 hr delay  wat a pleasant suprise  smile 
the only good thing about living in northeast ohio(besides the steelers of course) is the snow daysss !!  wink 
heeere we go !  wink 
i just seen somethhing disturbing   sunny d in a can  annoyed  annoyed  annoyed 
stressful dissapointing slightly depressing day    hopefully job shaddowing tomorro will go well  not too excited for it at this point 
just got out of that doctors  and im officially healed !!!  laugh dd no more brace or doctors appointments for me !
moms surgery went well  shes playin with her fingers beacuse theyre still numb  we're at <propfirst>'s eatin lunch 
wtf is this shinanigans    a thunderstorm   in february   at 330 a m  screw ohio weather !  annoyed 
so walmart says my blood pressure is about 170 over 110  im thinkin thats not a very good thing      lol
so how bout my mom just fell on her face in the kitchen    wat a klutz  
"<propfirst> sheen 47, is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> wilfahrt 31, <propfirst> tabada 21, <propmale> hizon 22, chauncy mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention  honor them by re-posting this status!"
can someone e playful lain to me wtf tbh is ?
if you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1) crazy  (2) i'd marry you  (3) i want to date you  (4) sarcastic  (5) i miss you  (6) i'd kiss you  (7) beautiful  ( smile  smart  (9) imaginative  (10) random  (11) hot  (12) funny  (13) fit  (14) amazing  (15) tough  (16) cute  (17) i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile   i love you  (19) weirdo (20) friends forever
ohh nooo  it wasnt an earthquake that hit japan    it was godzillaaaa!!!!!!!!! 0 o
attention all family members!!!! who's up for a cooks <propmale> camping trip this summer???  smile 
blood drive at springfield today  too bad im career center now  
about to get a kidney sonogram done   wooo  bored out of my mind 
gettin mah hurr did  smile  nothin too special  jus gettin it cut  got competition in <propmale> the next 2 days  wish me luck?   smile 
"an inspirational moment from <propfirst> ackerman  if you shoot for the <propfemale> and fall, you will fall on uranus "
i got second place and i'm goin to nationals!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! california here i come!!!  laugh dddd
got my medal and certificate  smile  sittin thru a boring speech  then headin back home 
i am so freaking sick of doctors appointments   
only in ohio can there be snow on the ground and fog outside    
"single or not put this as your status!\\me and __________ would make a good couple\\honestly ?"
