5d4a4f359a4027019a1c75c0512829ed
so excited!!! no more school and uniforms!
so excited for the trip!!!!!
"this saturday is gilad shalit's 24th birthday, his 5th in captivity, and we pray his last  thursday is the 1524th day since his capture while he has lived with no basic humanitarian rights  please, for this week, post this message as your status  together we must mobilize, educate, act,    and stay informed "
"every\ person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient onlyhas one: to get better  i \know, that 97% will not post this as their status, be one of the 3% and \put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those who died \because of cancer or are still fighting it "
"we\ are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th \",5d4a4f359a4027019a1c75c0512829ed,"people of the jewish community of memphis annoyed please come to the <propfemale> margolin school for girls play on monday, november 22, 2010 in the gym of the elementatu school building at 7 surprise 0 pm! the play is \much ado about nothing\""  it's very funny aand cute and everyone should come!"""
"everyone come to the gmsg play: much ado about nothing in the gym of the elementary school building at 7 surprise 0 pm on monday, thee 22nd of november  admission is $6"
5 down 2 to go  study session 2nite     
thanks to everyone who wished me happy bday!  made my day extra good!  smile 
surprise at <propfemale> <propfemale> fleischhacker's house!! was i surprised? yes!!!  didn't know so many people could fit under the table! thanks to everyone who came! special thank you to <propfemale> and her family for letting us use their house! thanks to everyone for making this such an amazing bday! : )   love  u all!
"new maccabeats song for purim! here it is if anyone didn't see it yet! it should be a link but if it's not just search it on youtube! enjoy!\the maccabeats - purim song"
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour"
color war 2011!!!!!!! go green geulah!!!!!!!!!!!
"didn't really like the breakout so much though  sure it was funny after and everything, but i was scared  rabbi perl can be pretty scary, no?"
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  place as your status if you're against bullying 
"breaking news: family in laredo, texas massacred in their sleep, bomb hits bus #74 outside d c  convention center injuring dozens and killing at least one; over 50 rockets and missiles continue falling in fairfax, <propfemale>  do i have your attention? is this completely insane and far fetched? then why is it allowed to be commonplace in <propmale>? if you agree, post as your status"
when is yom ha'atzmaut?
oy  this is bad  i have to work on my navi project that's due by the last day of chol hamoed but i have no motivation and it seems too big of a project! help!
who is <propfemale> garkavi?
happy may day!
"it's yom hashoah, the day we commemorate the 6 million holocaust  jews with names, families, and stories that were mercilessly cut short  but after all these years, the nazis still did not fulfill their goal: we are still here, standing strong  remember the horrors of the holocaust  we must never forget  please, take 6 seconds and make this your status, to honor the 6 million "
siren just stopped! yay! sometimes it takes a while to realize that it's stopped
kind of mad that i couldn't go to the yom hashoah thing at the jcc today- but i'll get over it 
"isn't it kind of ironic that on holocaust remembrance day, a day when we commemorate all the victims of blatant terrorism, osama bin laden, a worldwide figure of terrorism, is reported dead?"
can't wait to go on the anshei retreat this upcoming weekend!
can't wait for yom ha'atzma'ut on tuesday!
going on the asbee retreat tomorrow! can't wait!
back from the retreat  sad  i didn't want to come back to the real world 
missing <propfirst> landing! can't wait for the next retreat!
"been working on chumash all day! fun, fun, fun!"
navi review in exactly 42 minutes and 59 seconds
school's over!!!!!!!!
i'm a sophomore!!! creepy thought        i'm graduating high school in 3 years
i got the play pictures collage! play people check ur emails! se if u got urs!
have a good shabbos everyone!
