2e62df3743f39ee2dd03b5bba3808cc6
happy new year!
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, they are not looking for a cure only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour  special education week march 22nd to the 26th  go on copy and paste  please!!!!!!"
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the one's who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? ? april is cancer month"
happy birthday <propfirst>!!! love you!  smile 
"\some times i need coffee just to make me a better person \""     thanks <propfemale>  """
"this week we remember all babies born sleeping, or those we've carried but \never met, those we have held but could not take home, or those that we \have brought home, but didn't stay  make this your profile status if you,\or someone u love has suffered the loss of a child  the majority wont \   do it because unlike cancer, the loss of a baby is still a taboo \subject  break the silence in memory of all angels    "
thank you for fixing the gas sweetie    so i don't freeze at night    love you!  smile 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile 
"depression\is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be\strong for too long  put this as your status if you know someone who\has or has had depression  will you do it and leave it on your status\for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week and\  1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support\good people: i copied and pasted, will you?"
champagne
holidays are tough   wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today but that's nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and all the days before that too  i think of you in silence and often speak your name  all i have are memories and pictures in a frame  re-post if you have someone in    heaven that you miss on earth 
shouldnt have left up your facebook@!  ahahahhahahahlol
<propfemale> christmas!
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, being a witch, what you weigh, if your house is a mess, what you drive, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazy people  your conversations pick up where they left off, even if they have been months apart  they love you for who you are  re-post if you have at least one true friend  they will know who they are     ?"
"kids with special needs aren't sick or gross  they only want what everyone wants - to be accepted  can i make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on their status for at least 1 hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you never understand a situation until you are faced with it!!"
its all fun and games until someone becomes a participant!    thanks <propfemale>  smile     lol    this made my day!  smile 
champagne
doritos commercial is the best so far!  smile 
"to celebrate <propfirst>'s day, make your profile picture you and your spouse and be sure to put how long you've been together!\\been together since december 2007!   smile   love you <propfirst>!"
"? all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, have more money, a new phone  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer's ass  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  post this in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer ?"
this is probably the first and last time you'll hear me say this!   thank you kstate! you rock!
rock chalk jayhawk!
"st  <propfemale>'s day and the ncaa tournament, all in the same day!  life can't get much better!  smile "
asking if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour  i know my family will  think of someone you know or love who has had cancer  my prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us  too many to mention have fought and are fighting it  i hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
"st  <propfemale>'s day and the ncaa tournament, all in the same day! life can't get much better!  smile "
come on jayhawks!  wake up!
there ya go jayhawks!  that's how you do it!  smile 
"i'm glad the jayhawks won, but am torn for the next game    illinois or unlv?"
i love the hartford commercial!  smile 
"just when we feel its time to open up, we find another reason to hide   "
"\this\"" by <propmale> rucker is very fitting!  smile """
apple
new job!!!! woohoo!  smile 
going from 40 degrees in ohio to 90 degrees in kansas is a bit of a shock!
happy easter!
a 15 year old girl holds hands with her 1 year old son  people call her a slut  n surprise ne knows she was raped at 13  people call a girl fat  n surprise ne knows she has a serious disease which causes her to be over weight  people call an old man ugly  n surprise ne knows he had a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war  re post this if you are against bullying and stereotyping  bet none of you will
"r i p: <propfemale> sayers, you will be missed more than you could ever imagine!  your positive outlook has touched so many people!  i miss you!"
"may i ask a personal favor  only some of you will do it, and i know who you are  if you know someone who fought cancer and won, or fought cancer and lost, or someone who is still fighting please add this to your status for 1 hour as a <propfirst> of respect and in remembrance"
