06ea4a996c941274af560b5dbafb5aae
is going to wildside today
"is back from vermont, with dishpan hands and a sunburn  had fun anyway!!!!"
is having a grumpy sort of day 
needs to kick the grouchiness habit
"just tried to save a duck, to no avail   sad "
"sushi, boyfriend, our families, and fireworks  <propfemale> will have a good day "
had another marvelous day   smile 
is dancing to her own tune: freestyle classic hippie salsa   smile 
"has been cutting, grinding and polishing stones today, and is now running low on fingernails "
is feeling a fit of artsiness coming on  or maybe it's just indigestion 
is stewing    
is all dressed up and no place to go     smile 
is thinking about writing a book about critters
is trying to get a move on  she's been on her butt long enough 
"won't screech anymore, i promise "
loves few things more than old poetry at reduced prices  it's the best of both worlds  smile 
is beginning to wonder     
is going to olivet tomorrow to fight against bureaucracy  and she will get her way 
didn't get her way  sad 
"loves fuzzy sweaters, but needs to stop buying them "
is waiting for inspiration    
can already tell that it's going to be a palm-to-the-forehead sort of day 
has new wheels!
is taking the <propfemale> to the vet   sad 
aw  <propfemale> needs surgery  but it's nothing mortifying 
is going on an intoxicating adventure tomorrow!  laugh 
"my post-op <propfemale> just ran away  oh, god "
<propfemale> is back!
is eating cheerios and thinking      
really wants to get this job!
"oh, god  i need to get out of this house!!"
's stress level has lessened somewhat   smile 
"thinks that today is a day to eat italian ice and watch \amelie\""  i also think i miss europe  smile """
"thinks she may spend most of tomorrow at home, getting artsy with her embroidery set  oh, and maybe reading more thornton wilder plays "
gaah! enough drama!!!! glad i'm working tonight 
needs a haircut 
"is haunting the internet every day, looking for jobs (unsuccessfully, of course) "
is sad that she gave her man a cold   sad  poor <propmale> 
feels really icky  summer colds are mean 
is feeling better today  smile 
is feeling crabby and reclusive  grrr 
will be holed up in the studio being artsy all morning  new idea with quartz!
likes rainy days! wish there was more food in the house 
gets to go to wildside and play with the critters tonight!
"was minding her own business when, upon stopping to pet a goat while walking the beaver, she was attacked by a rabid goose!"
has a serious case of fuzzbrain today   playful 
ate too much pizza  gonna sit and watch snl 
wants to go to europe with her brother!! i may die of envy 
is still eating
wishes she had a pet rat to cuddle 
"gets shot down again  student loans, rotten chem grades and unemployment are all kicking my ass in one swift stroke "
"has a toothache that would floor a rhinoceros  yay, vicodin "
"has a big fuzzy river spider running around her window  as long as he minds his own business, i won't evict him  i may name him <propfirst>   smile "
"is really tired after a particuarly rough day at wildside, and is going to bed now "
is wondering what those lights in the sky are      
is wondering what those lights in the sky are      does anybody else see them?
has a sick cat  poor <propfemale>!
"found a sick little kitten in the raod today, and brought him back to a neighbor's house  smile "
is winding down the week being artsy and playing with rocks in her garage  can't wait for the weekend!!
"will be 23 on the 23rd, in 23 hours! this amuses me "
"thanks so much for all the birthday wishes, everyone! yesterday was a great day!!"
"had a lovely weekend: good food, great fun and fantastic company!!  smile "
's cats are trashing the house again
is going 80's geek tomorrow night        it will be a good day   smile 
"is in a funk, which may turn into a snit as soon as she finds someone to grouse at "
yay for sinus headaches   sad 
another job opportunity flopped  grrrr 
"chocolate, moliere     i am feeling french, et j'aime la sensation!"
has oodles to keep her busy for the next few days
"painfully early wake-up, couldn't find favorite clothing, dead car  now waiting for my parents to realease me, so i can go and have fun "
has discovered a new lindt truffle flavor 
"after spending two hours and as many fingernails, i have added a pretty new rock to my collection  i'll make it into hippie jewelry soon "
got her car back!!
has her hippie jewelry!!
thinks she is getting a cold  booooo    sad 
thinks it's weird when random strangers try to friend you on facebook 
has a $50 gift card to hobby lobby  my day is now full 
"has to go get a tetanus shot because of one rotten, angry rat  grrr "
is lacking inspiration  sad 
thinks that saturday is the best day of the week 
thinks it is depressing that the rigors of life already make her feel so old  annoyed 
"is in okemos, attempting to be productive "
doesn't remember productivity being this exhausting 
wants to go to grad school in boca raton
is sure that mercury is retrograde again  or is it mars? whatever  trials and tribulations galore!
how many of you still miss invader zim? a picture of gir just made me all nostalgic 
my car is broken      again!
's car is still broken  sad 
"has run out of work and money, and hopes she gets paid soon "
groggy  sooooo groggy  not sorry   smile 
"misses having something to do, and wishes her car wasn't broken  then she could go fuss over her poor man   sad "
feels icky   sad 
is stranded at home  my plans with the boyfriend are ruined! *grumble*
my valentines' day worked out great after all!  smile  i am now making muffins!
"is going to attempt to knit socks with a swollen finger, which she ever so gracefully mashed in a drawer  ow   playful "
urg  no more junk food  ever 
chocolate withdrawl is a hideous business 
is stranded at home and bored to death         
is all croaky and tired  sick again!
"it is springtime!! time to learn something new  metalworking, i think!"
's ears are still ringing   smile 
rescued a mouse from five hungry cats 
is learning more metalworking!
"finally got her car back this week! hooray, hooray!"
"hates stringing pearls, when a snap of a cord suddenly makes two days of work pointless  must     throw     something!"
is (sigh) stringing the miserable beads again 
thinks that her life needs to be less of a snore  playful 
gets out of the house today!!
got a tb test (msu nursing program requirements)  no fun!
"who lives in a most remote and peacefully deserted part of the countryside, got woken up before <propfemale> by a car alarm! does that seem fair?"
"has been feeling generally icky for days now, and is mighty tired of it  no more junk food!"
"is having computer trouble, and may not be on facebook very often  sad "
"has a new cousin! congrats, uncle <propfirst> and aunt <propfemale>!!!!"
is off to north <propfemale> today  be back in a week!
"it snowed in traverse city this morning  yick  fortunately, i had a stunning hat!  smile "
had a tough day today   sad 
"hmmmm    medicine or anthropology? how can it be that a whole year has gone by, but i still haven't made up my mind?!"
is going to wildside tonight! i get to feed baby groundhogs (who are sweet) and baby opossums (who aren't) 
"if there is a box with 3 red balls and 5 blue balls, and you are asked how many combinations of 4 you can make without exceeding three of the same color in a single set in one minute, how much time can you spend braining yourself on your desk before they kick you out of the library? let's see: jkkklj   fghmj   hgjk   ghj   bghm                           "
east lansing <propmale> fair tomorrow! hope it doesn't rain!
why does everything seem so irritating today?!
"          oh, crap "
misses <propmale> already  grumble 
just finished drilling out 30 inches of <propfemale> pearls for a customer  so many blisters!  sad 
"gets a new <propfemale> today! well, for a little while, at least "
how can <propmale> not be getting any of my letters???? this is worrisome and aggravating 
can keep her new <propfemale>!
just lost a job opportunity because i was stupid and mixed up the application due dates  *&%#!!!!
"<propmale> finally got my first letter, which i sent over two weeks ago! he's surviving and making some friends, but wants to be home asap  i miss him terribly   sad "
could watch snowball the dancing cockatoo for hours   smile 
is taking a break from studying avian anatomy to watch snowball the dancing cockatoo on youtube    laugh 
5 weeks and 6 days! sigh 
's stone saw is fixed! yay!
hmmmmm  <propfemale> internship in utah  must have details!
"despite spending 15-hour work days crawling in filth and wearing a keflex suit that doesn't breathe, i'm feeling a lot luckier than the animals i'm seeing  the last one admitted yesterday was a baby muskrat, soaked in oil and crying for its mother  it feels surreal that this has happened so close to home "
eeeeeeee! i've got an internship!!!
back to work          grumble      
rinsed three geese today!!
"figured out an excellent compromise at work: they don't have to risk contact with a raspy, knock-kneed germ-breather, and i get the next few days off "
bad turtle! no biting!!
"was scrubbing a 10-lb snapper with a toothbrush  then he woke up, and things got interesting "
"all the parched little frogs gather to bask on the wet pavement, too absorbed with the puddles to see my oncoming car   sad "
"fell out of the beaver bin at work today  swollen ankle, followed by a rediculous amount of drama "
is disappointed with her new cellphone   sad 
silly peon  no opinion for you 
"question annoyed      if i need to hold the goose for the washing and the duck for the rinsing, and <propfemale> needs to hold the duck for the washing and the goose for the rinsing, but i need to be bailing water while <propfemale> is holding the duck and <propfirst> is washing it, and we're doing the goose last, what do i do first?  playful "
found out that baby snapping turtles like to be rubbed behind the ears 
is sick again 
dear immune system: shape up! you are stupid  stop making me angry 
"while cleaning bird poo in the cold, cold rain, i imagined that i had run away to live in a costa rican jungle  i spent my time basking in the sun and throwing figs at tourists  it sounded nice   smile "
has turtle tendonitis   sad 
"from now on, i will always associate the smell of mayonnaise with turtles "
fell into the swan pool at work today  i've never been so alert at 8 surprise 0am in my life 
"thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes! it was a great weekend: quiet, relaxing, and completely free of turtles   oddly enough, part of me misses the little biters  back to turtle land tomorrow! i miss you all!"
"they sent us home from work becasue it was <propfemale>  lame  we all grumbled  poor oily turtles will have to stay that way for another day, without food or nice people to scrub them "
is off to tucson!  smile 
"woke up this morning, and made the mistake of moving my hand  ow! my right index finger was twice as big as the left  turtle tendonitis strikes again "
"is reading \pride & prejudice and zombies\"" and laughing hysterically """
"has to go to work again tomorrow  10 hours in a humid 90 degrees, lifting filthy bins of reeking water, dealing with tempermental sump pumps and the resulting floods, tripping over hoses, going to meetings and arguing with my supervisor about whether it's ethical to talk to the turtles  oh, yeah  i love my job "
the smell of turtle in that building is quickly becoming a physical force 
"can't help but wonder why i chatter away constantly to the turtles, but instantly clam up whenever any member of my own species walks by "
"forget all that education, work e playful erience, and a certification! apparently, my opinion is irrelevant, even the care of mealworms is beyond my level of e playful ertise  i realized long ago that i was getting paid to be ignored "
fell down at work today because somebody left a chunk of pvc pipe rolling around in the walkway  now i'm sporting a knee with all sorts of scrapes and interesting colors and one broken toe  @#$% 
needs to get off her ass and go procure some sort of caffeine-filled beverage  no headache will prevent the trip to celebration cinema tonight!  smile 
"as my supervisor put it, the work environment (in which i have been toiling for six months, enduring health hazards, non-verbal insults and unbelievable filth) is no longer appropriate for someone with my injuries  yup  i just got fired for getting hurt on the job "
"<propfemale>, my awesome hairbrained cat, has decided that my blue stuffed turtle is family  she was up all night bathing it   laugh "
"awesome job possibility in l a  don't want to be so far from home, but really not digging unemployment, either  hrmph "
frightened great horned owl tries to sit on my head  ouch 
stringing pearls and watching m*a*s*h  wishing tuesday would get here already 
just applied for an aviculture job in monterey  wish me luck!  smile 
rescued an injured little blanding's turtle from the road  possible spine damage-dunno if he'll make it  sad 
"broke a toe  again  playful  when i buy a house, rugs will be banned "
"has a cold  but with my history, i was overdue for another anyway  'tis now time to cuddle up with moliere and a large fuzzy cat, and bitch at anyone who gets too close  playful "
to the heartless person who ran over a kitten tuesday afternoon and left the poor thing maimed and crying in the middle of the road: you are the scum of the earth 
last-minute app to msu submitted  wish me luck!
just finished the first day of classes  urg  not used to this @#$% anymore 
so   much    work   annoyed 
killed a chipmunk  needs a hug  sad 
"recurring theme for this week: \what is this new devilry?\"""""
"missed an online quiz today because angel wasn't working all weekend  now, i just finished an online test, only to have it disappear unsaved  who else at msu hates the angel website????"
just got the second of three rabies shots  feeling slightly icky 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes  it was a good day   smile 
off to physiology for another round of frustration  urg 
"just got through a pharmacology exam  remembered everything but the word chloramphenicol  wrote \pudding and sunshine\"" instead  i need a day off   playful """
got to assist in surgeries on two of my cats  awesomeness   laugh 
"there is an elderly (but surprisingly healthy) cat at the veterinary clinic near my house who needs a home! she is a pure white with long hair, and is extremely affectionate  her owner brought her to the clinic to be euthanized because she couldn't be cared for anymore  the vet is keeping her for a week in an effort to find a home for this deserving girl  if you've been considering getting a pet, she would be a good choice! please let me know!!"
