c9ef15bd534620315c5cd3856c45ac85
thanks to everybody for all the happy birthdays 
ready for school to start again so i can graduate already    only 6 credits to go!
sunburns suck! i have just begun the peeling stage and now look like a giant snake!  sad 
can't get ahold of my mom cuz when i call they just <propfemale> up on me
they say it has to get worse before it can get better but i see it getting worse over and over again with no signs of improvement
"usually i like it when summer goes by slow but this summer is so boring and i have things to finish at school  i just want ot graduate already and then be bored, but as a high school graduate "
just got back from camping in oklahoma  it is so hot and sticky there!
i guess it's been decided  i am probably going to go to real school at dhs  i am kind of nervous  i am going to ask to go for 2 years that way it will be easy to make good grades and i won't be too busy  i will always still be an alternative student though lol 
"we picked up my little sister, <propfemale> from the airport yeserday  it's nice to see her after not seeing her in like 3 months and not living with her in 5 months  saturday i get to see one of my bestfriends, <propfemale>  we will meet at wonderland  i haven't seen her in like a year and a half  so excited!"
so much time to waste  gonna stay the night with <propfemale>  excited!
idk if i'm excited to go to wonderland tomorrow  i would rather just stay in dumas 
life has its way of twisting things in knots 
"man, i just really don't know what to do anymore  i just wish everything would go back to normal  maybe i should just have them ship me to iowa for a while lol "
life goes on  that's the key to life is to know that is goes on  it is the only thing that will make life worth living 
bout to go do something with <propfemale> and faith 
had lots of fun at <propfemale>'s lastnight and going to the lake later  i love summer 
i am pretty happy right now 
i have a giant bruise on my face! <propfemale> like to bite too much 
so tired 
finally made it to iowa  i am already not looking forward to the ride home 
my aunt <propfemale> just had her baby; ely bennet winkler 
life sucks!
"tomorrow will be my first day to go to a real highschool \here's my schedule annoyed 1  elementary asst \2  fashion design\3  chemistry\4  government\5  pre calculus\6  lifetime nw\7  interion design\see if you have any classes with me and let me know "
school is so much different than what i'm use to 
homework done 
my mom is such an amazing woman  i wish that she would open her eyes and see what i see 
my mom will be here on sunday smile  i can't wait to see her and my brother and sister  9 months is such a long time to be without them 
<propfemale> christmas smile 
i finally got my tongue pierced smile    now to hide it from my grandparents   
i think i have the flu annoyed 
i'm sooo bored!
i wish i had my mommy here to take care of me  i hate being sick annoyed 
almost to ft  worth!
day 2 with my mama  smile  but i still miss dumas 
"\i'm all effed up! i don't know what's going on!\""   cole's reaction to magically getting the seat belt stuck wrapped around his legs  haha! only he could manage that """
wishes she knew people down here   
