17851ba36ed390967c06d9b5c0f3a5cb
is working slowly   very slowly   on essay #1  gah
co-producing a dir en grey music vid   debating the use of hot dogs for visceral organs  who ever said summer isn't productive?
black lipstick really stains your eyelids   
had some good fondu
yay for celebrating the 4th of july on the 3rd!
"one skatepark, one sleeping dude, and over 1000 photographs   the sleepwalker is complete! (watch on youtube or else!)"
i'm back from flagstaff! this weather is disgusting in comparison   but <propmale> potter tonight yeah!!!
trying to get a caffeine buzz from <propmale> grey tea   not working so well
calculus review packet for summer! hahaha!!!! wait   it's not a joke   ???
chandler cinemas closing down?!?! nuhhh!!! where is <propmale> gonna go now?
pre-assigned lockers? what kinda bs is this???
saw <propmale>  burned my eyes out  it was worth it 
here's to hoping that calc packet isn't worth any points   
didn't realize i was walking on thin ice   
"there's something just plain wrong-sounding with the new \batman: widening gyre\"" title  wtf is a gyre anyway?"""
5 <propfemale> anime episodes rock
homecoming was off the hook!!!!  laugh 
going to michigan tomorrow! be back in a week 
i'm baaaack!!! what a great trip!
weekend
epic weather!
psyched for saboten-con tomorrow!
is having computer problems  sad  tech meltdown
saw cirque du freak today   had more fun re-dubbing it in the theater than actually watching it  laugh 
r i p  my poor philodendron
if you like anime - watch paprika!
going to cancun for spring break!!   laugh 
"thank you, eiichiro <propfemale>, for making my dreams come true!"
i've decided to run away and join the peace corps to avoid paying back my student loans  laugh 
last night = wow
watching kick-ass instead of sitting in econ: priceless
finished my poison <propfemale> costume - and it looks freakin awesome!!! cannot wait for comicon!!!
"real msn today headline: \what's a butt facial?\"" seriously?"""
"attempting to catch up on the entire series of avatar before the movie comes out: 3 down, 58 to go"
"with graduation and comicon over, i now must integrate myself into normal society  t_t"
is going to nau freshman orientation today through friday 
"stop jinxing me, taiwan!"
"got to play secret agent today  well, sort of "
few things are more disturbing than molting animatronic dancing cats 
"\view photos of me (666)\""    sick coincidence or what!"""
"live for the adventure! people who ask you if you want to see their spaceship (metaphorical or otherwise) will transform your mundane, mediocre life into a mind-bending trip filled with excitement and meaningful cosmic connections! do not let fear be the cause of missed opportunities! no matter how fleeting, the most intense moments are what define life! jut say yes! no regrets! haaaaaaaaa!!! take that, reality "
in need of some serious comic book therapy  starlord - annihilation: conquest here i come!
"i am having recurring strange dreams about going to college  curse you, subconscious mind, for being so susceptible to anxiety yet so creative at the same time!"
"packing, cleaning, and attempting to make a fruit tart: my final salute to housewifedom!"
bummer
just watched jersey shore for the first time  i think my brain just died 
"read a book  (an actual work of literature this time, not a comic book i swear!) legasp!"
moving to flagstaff today  sayonara phoenix!
"great techno + stereo sound, noise-cancelling headphones = heaven"
got out of lab early! nothing beats 2 hours of unforseen free time 
"watching episode two of h o t d  which took 3 hours to buffer  ah, what sweet rewards come at such cost"
tonight i crossed an anti-oppression picket line to attend the dirt nasty ke$ha concert  how the tables have turned 
"had an awesome bday! thanks to every one who made this day extra fun, especially my great party-planning roommate!!!  laugh "
i just did homework for 8 1 2 hours straight  i am a machine!!!
weird vibe today   everything got canceled  annoyed 
beneath the clothes we find the man   and beneath the man we find his   nucleus
watched the big lebowski last night  was overwhelmed by its hilarity  had to hit pause to collect myself 
had a close encounter with a skunk today at the bike racks  ran away  avoided getting sprayed 
home for the weekend!
"opened the window to hear a bunch of girls belting out an off-key rendition of \one time\"" by <propfirst> bieber  promptly closed the window """
"i was having an obscenely frustrating day, but then i got a totally thoughftul cheering-up from <propfemale> m carlson and everything was better!! so nice! t_t  laugh   love "
"gah! the word i was trying to think of two weeks ago just randomly popped into my head: sorghum  thank you, brain, for the delay  -__-"
i am saddened by the absence of <propfirst> milliner 's fantastically-fabulous snazzy-snappy personality in my life 
heading home tomorrow for thanksgiving 
"i'm baaaaack  call me, my chandler peeps! let's <propfemale> out!"
nutella break before class? i think yes 
powered by the music of captain squeegee i shall conquer these two final weeks of the semester!!
"it's 3:29 in the morning  i ask myself, why am i still awake writing my final portfolio? i answer, because i am a ridiculous person "
back for winter break - it's going to be a good one!
"finally got my hands on a copy of green lantern blackest night!!  laugh   laugh   laugh  no thanks to atomic comics, which was sold out  atomic comics, store of consistency and dependability, how could you let me down? t_t must  read  immediately "
going to san <propmale> tomorrow  laugh   laugh   laugh 
