cc4929eb40a832ee4c33e232153bcbb3
"oh, look it here! 'tis 2011!"
coulda swore i just saw a shooting <propfemale>  lasted about half a second  just a streak in the sky 
"pretty much got my all-suburban music down       guess i ought to get on with the all-state music, hmmm? (first chair = i gotta be the best!  surprise )"
hi
"hey, don't bug me, i will post a profile photo!"
"is grossed out because he just found a hair in his mouth and couldn't help but think that no, this hair did not come from his own head (the most likely of possibilities), but rather that of another person, an old nasty who never washes their greasy hair   surprise "
just uploaded a profile pic  be happy !!!!!!
"just filled an old shoebox full of pre-calculus and trigonometry tests, homework, and notes!"
's mypersonality profile says his college <propmale> should be music  figures
"'s grades were pretty good this year  all a's both first semester and second semester including a semester grade of 105% in pre-ap physics  playful   that's a 100 on everything and 105 or more on all tests yayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\(yes, i'm bragging, deal with it  playful )"
"loves life  the good and the bad moments  the bad only make the good so much better, especially when you've got friends, family, and god "
!!!!!!!!!
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh i wanna dance with somebody! i wanna feel the heat with somebody! yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh i wanna dance with somebody! with somebody who loves me!
qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm
just found a centipede  cool!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
was up til 4 in the morning and is now very very tired  sad  curse creative sparks!! i couldn't go to bed until i got this song down on paper  my mind hates me!
just washed the his car again after it was soaped for the 3rd time!! really? really?!
i can't put my phone down! every time i try someone texts me right before i let go or right after! i guess that's what i get for starting 5 conversations at once  rofl!
craving some chinese food pretty bad   
"uhhherrrahawr! i feel super stupid now    i just spent 5 minutes yelling at my n64  jet force gemini wouldn't play, so i kept on blowing into the cartridge and slamming it into the socket  well, after minutes of me channeling my aggression into two pieces of plastic, i gave up and tried turning the tv off  when i pressed the power button, the tv turned on   "
i wanna go on a road trip  i don't care where  i don't care how long  i wanna go somewhere with my friends and family  just me and them  anybody else feel like this sometimes?
"wooooohoooooo!!! i am super pumped for this weekend! ah, district convention! highlight of every summer ever!!! yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss!!!!! who else is as excited as me?!?!?!"
"i already miss the convention  sad ((( oh, well, meeting tonight!"
my dad just gave me some scripture flashcards last night  laugh  memorizing them should be a lot easier now!
1484 tracks on my ibiza rhapsody (mp3 player) and going up everyday!  laugh  thank god for 30g mp3 players!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
all these people running around facebook with pokemon pictures is driving me crazy
so i'm basically gonna be locked up in a resort for 4 days    i'm actually excited about this whole all-state thing
well       no school tomorrow  can't decide if that's a good thing or a bad thing
my deadly sin is       lust       lololololol
can it really be winter break?? no! impossible!
just finished wyrms by orson <propfirst> card  great book! suggest it to everyone! started congo by <propfirst> crichton  smile 
gets all giddy inside when he orders books on writing  what a nerd!
"yes, i wish that for just one time\you could stand inside my shoes\you’d know what a drag it is\to see you"
god gave us eyes in order to read and hands in order to write 
just finished 1984       absolutely hated it
why'd you cut holes in the face of the <propfemale> base?
"\the mysterious side of your nature makes you most alluring \"""""
so       i'm deciding about this novel i'm in the middle of plotting at the moment  should it be third person present or third person past?
"here are the books on my list as of now annoyed \dune (reading as of now)\guns, germs, and steel (reading as of now)\runner (reading as of now)\i am number four (reading as of now)\old man's war (reserved at kl)\little brother (reserved at kl)\rollback\halting state"
"i would put up a status that says: \no school!!!\"" but anyone who cares already knows  smile """
guys really shouldn't wear long hair       i can't tell if they're girly guy or a guy-y girl
"last night i had a dream about you  in this dream, i'm dancing right beside you  and it looked like everyone was having fun  the kinda feeling, i waited so long  don't stop, come a little closer  as we jam, the rhythm gets stronger  there's nothing wrong with just a little, little fun  we were dancing all night long "
all-state       there's no adjectives to describe it
"sometimes a story idea comes from an interesting title       \the city that slept on the clouds\""       slightly inspired by \""reverie\"" by <propfirst> debussy"""
why are people so bored?!?! jeeze! get a hobby!
3 5 snow days this week  smile 
"i'm actually glad to finally get back to school       for a day! mwahahahahahaha!       no, but seriously, i'm glad it's an a day  smile   smile "
"yep, that's right folks  today's gonna be a <propfemale> episode  here's the clicker  no one'll blame you "
i figured out where all that antarctic ice went  it's in my yard 
methinks y'all sunk <propfemale> ship  smile 
time to start popping out the allergy medicine  annoyed 
it's official  i hate windows media player 
"this is no jest: \hamlet, once the best, \now becomes a pest  \o, you cursed test!"
5 <propmale> never felt so good  smile 
sorbet or ice cream? ice cream or sorbet?  annoyed   sad 
people! get a grip! it's only wednesday!
