3d9b2db7b3c5ed6595e6f37d0c728b4b
visiting with my cuzs <propfemale> mckinzie and <propfirst>  yay i havent seen them in forever lolz
man idk  i need my own room an shit  gotta have privacy ya kno??
bored  watching tv lol  who new soap operas could be so interesting??? hehe
man i'm high lol
someone message meh on my wall
man i'm bored as fuck  sad (  i needa smoke  hahaha  ugh
what's up? hit the inbox up if you wana talk  wink 
friend request needed! lol
back in wisconsin chillin  gonna be illy with my syrup an smoke  haha  hell yah  im stayin til august an movin out my aunts house an gettin an appartment  omfg! cant wait
man just woke up  stayed up til like 5am lol
blah blah blah    blah blah
who plays knighthood?? bc i need more vassals lol
stayin wit my sis an nephew in wisconsin  prob til august  idk
just chillen wit my nephew playin the xbox an listenin to gucci haha  thats my shit  ima be gettn some dro too  smile ) who wants to get chink eyed???? mmmmeeee!!!! ima a dumb ass lmfao
can't wait for my <propfemale> to come to wisconsin  smile ) yayy lol
helped my sister pack today  it was a pain in the ass even tho she did most of the work hahaha
omg my mutha fuckin homie just added meeeeeee!!!!!!  laugh 
man i just did the dishes  ugh eww
     like i have this social phobia that makes me really nervous an shy an makes me not wanna be around people   but usually when im not around them i feel like im lonely or some shit  idk  its fucked up
why cant we be sober? i just want to start this over  tool - sober
"will you swear on your life, that no one will cry at my funeral??? 6 am - life is beautiful"
dissapointed again  thats all my life is   a bunch of fucking dissapointments
my sister just moved into the ghetto in wisconsin an im visiting her   so that means that i gotta stay there  fuck! definitely not what i would call being comfortable an chill in ur own house  sad (
<propfemale>n i'm in wisconsin wit my <propfemale>  laugh   i<propfemale> mommys girl    ha   lolz  (embarrassed smile)
to anyone who seen a certain pic    it is not mine and was uploaded by comlpete accident an will be erased asap
to anyone who has seen a certain pic    it is not mine and was uploaded by comlpete accident an will be erased asap
man i just wanna say that    im feeling for all my true homies right now  i miss you!!  love  coming back to f-town around july 10th
chillen an watching the movie gridiron gang    wanting to smoke  sad   lol
man    im high  wink     lls
man i got the inet back on my sis' laptop bc she moved an was stealin someone elses inet an now    we are again  lls
i'm bored   an needing a cig  ugh
man my back hurts  sad  oh well ima pass out anyway   zzzzzzz
going shopping tomorrow     hella awesome     laugh 
man im high an chillen at my besties house   awesomes
listening to lil <propmale> wife beater   hella awesome song   haha
man im sick an i thought today was gonna be a bitch    but its all good now hehe
i got a headache an im still sick  ugh i feel like shit  crying 
in logansport wit my <propfemale> an her bf til thursday   
just figured out what a gravity <propfemale> was      haha
man its hot as hell outside  shit i was takin a walk wit my homies an i was bout to have a heat stroke or some shit lls
man chillen at my aunts house   hopin to smoke bd i leave  haha
man chillen at my aunts house   hopin to smoke b4 i leave  haha
man its abt time for me to go to the grocery store an get some dro  lmfao
first nite at the new house   man idk hows its bout to turn out    
