5734f325755ba84daa36ff78228cd7bc
"pain, pain, go away  come again, um never would be nice-if not, some very distant day!!"
"decided tonite was crazy quiz night  some of these quizzes are really fun and come out with great results where as others are just totally off the wall and i wonder what the people were on when they were making up their questions  oh well  either way i was able to relax, not worry for a bit, and have fun waisting a little (or maybe more than a little) time tonight   smile "
finally going to bed  it's been a long day night sunrise  i'll try to check in with my fb pals later   smile 
"wow! thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!! my age could've been left out, though    but, thank you all and blessings to you and yours  i also wanted to say i love my flowers!!! thanks for remembering!! (((hugs))) to all those wonderful people out there that, even when i sometimes forget, still care about me!!!! y'all are great and you inspire me to be and achieve more!"
it's a new year yet it feels like the same old story  any suggestions on how i can  change this??
"put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered baby loss  ??? the majority won't put it on, because unlike cancer, baby loss is a taboo  ??? break the silence  ??? in memory of all the ~angel~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten about!!"
"i don't know about you, but i'm so glad the weekend is here!! we can put behind us the *stuff* of the past week, worship god, fellowship with friends and family, relax, rest, and turn the covers over to find a new week ahead  the weekend truley is a gift from god! it's not seen in the heavens or earth like the month, year, and even seasons, but it's only described in his word  what a blessing we've been given!!"
"alas, the week is back! well, at least monday is basically over  woohoo for small victories!!"
look back and thank god  look forward and trust god  look around and serve god  look within and find god! god closes doors no man can open and god opens doors no man can close  if you need god to open some doors for you   repost 
"ihcf is hosting zemer levav fri night at 7pm and <propfemale> shalom will have their congregational service at icf on sat at 1 smile 0pm  i-81 va exit 7  turn toward walmart, then right onto <propfirst> hwy  1-1 5 mi on the left will be battle hill drive  about 100 ft up the road the entrance to icf is on your right  come all who would like to fellowship in a distinctly hebraic style, worship, and enjoy one another's company!!"
"my cousins are coming to twon! my cousins are coming to town! my     you get the drift, right? yay!!!!"
don't forget it's <propfemale> wars day! may the fourth be with you!! and always remember how the force is like duct tape--it has a dark side and a light side and it holds the universe together!!!! ;-p
"going to pick up cousins today! going to pick up cousins today!! whooopieeeeee!! i'm so excited, and i just can't hide it  i don't know what to do but i think i like it       "
"wooohooo! ryand & <propfemale> are finally here!! the first of the entire jansen clan to ever make it down, over, or around here to ne tn! so for fun we went took them to a midnight showing of ironman 2!!! what fun!! here for almost 2 wks  we've got mischief to catch up on!"
"happy mother's day to all the new and not so (mom, i'm talkin' about you   ) new mothers out there!!!! i adore and am blessed by the privelage of watching my friends and family as thier own little families begin to grow and take roots  it's amazing and i love how they help fill my heart and remind me once again that i too will have those e playful eriences (god willing) one day   smile  blessings and love passed on to you all!!"
no more woohooing  i miss woohooing   sad 
"the weekend is here! yay! however, somehow it's gotten busier than the week was, by far!! this happens in my so called world  does it in yours?"
"blank, blah, and bothered "
"for those who know care   -92, almost 100!!"
"friday, friday, friday, friday, friday, yeah-uh, friday (of course there's music playing along with this in my head)!! can i get a woot-woot for the weekend?!?!"
"for those who knew him, i had to put <propfirst>(aka <propfirst>-dog,sir charles,greedy of the needy & greedy combo,goober,buddy,a cat stuck in a dog's body,chocolate stealing fiend,etc ) to sleep on tuesday 6 8 2010  he was not well and really suffering  he didn't even want to eat!! for <propfirst> that had to have been some kind of sin! so he took his last labored breath with his head in my hands around 6pm  he will be missed "
y o u  reunion weekend! it's exciting to see people that you haven't seen in ages!!
"i'm gonna be an auntie! i'm gonna be an auntie! yes, i am!! (of course with tune playing in my head along with typing this!)"
indiafoxtrot yankeeoscaruniform charliealphanovember romeoechoalphadelta tangohotelindiasierra romeoechopapaoscarsierratango 
"how come the fun feeling of the weekend can fly by so fast, but monday and tuesday take so increadibly long to pass by?? scientists say it's the same amount of physical time, but i believe there is some time of space-time warp that occurs that causes the weekend to whip by faster! that's my theory and i'm sticking to it!"
"is feeling down and silly about it so then frustrated with myself as well! i have to sell my car that i love and am proud of purchasing by myself! somehow it didn't hit me till last night how much i'm going to miss it and that i'm not just letting a friend borrow my car for a while  she'll actually be gone and i'll have no claim to her in any way, shape, or form! also, i can't afford to purchase another car right now"
is looking forward to all the birthdays coming up soon! granddad's 90th and the birth of my first niece or nephew are at the top of a long list!!
"cousins\are there as childhood friends, and are there when we are older as\forever friends    no one will ever understand your crazy family like\your cousins! repost if you have a cousin that makes you smile    love\you all!!!!"
"check out the downunder world challenge! <propfirst> strugnell, my cousin's brother-in-law has made it to the top 3!! he has an awesome video  if you can take just a few minutes to watch his short video and vote for him, he could win an awesome opportunity to travel the world being a videographer! what an opportunity at 21, and with his talent, he could (literally) really go places!! please vote!!"
"here's hoping my wonderful, beautiful cousin, <propfemale>, has a splendiferous birthday weekend!!!!"
happy i was able to go to a beautiful baby shower that was thrown for my beautiful sister for soon to arrive baby copley!!
i want to share a quote with you all that a friend told me on the phone this evening  \when life gives you scurvy," make lemonade!\""\"5734f325755ba84daa36ff78228cd7bc,thank you so much to all of our vetrans!! i'm so increadibly thankful for those i know and almost even moreso to those that i don't know and will never have the opportunity to know on this earth  you are all awesome!!
"i am very thankful for the family that i have  we all have our issues (of course), but i'm blessed  i don't know about you, but i want to make sure they know this during this thanksgiving season!! let us all not forget to give thanks "
"fun quote from a silly movie annoyed -\whittier"," don't you know that the sun is nature's prozac?\"" \"5734f325755ba84daa36ff78228cd7bc,"aaaah, the weekend is here  i seem to remember a time when the weekend was a respite that was longed for and the days were counted down until it's arrival  now, however, i seem to need monday (and sometimes tuesday) to recover from the weekend!! how peculiar is that?"
"thank you all sooo much for all of my wonderful birthday wishes!! i feel so blessed to have all of you, family and friends alike, who love and care for me!"
"i hope everyone is able to have a nice time with family and friends during this holiday season  i also hope that i get to officially be an auntie before the new year!! i'll keep y'all updated  c'mon, you know we'll all keep ya updated!!"
i am officially an auntie!! <propmale> <propfirst> copley was born @2 smile 6am weighing in at 7lbs 13oz and 21'' long!! i am soooo excited!
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles to keep our balance when we stand  women have read this entire text  men are still looking at their thumbs  repost if this made you smile!
"please make sure to bring yourself and those around you into this new (<propmale> calendar) year safe and sound!! have fun, party hardy, and assign a dd if drinking at all  i love y'all and i want to see you into, through, and past 2011!!"
"you know when you're so tired that your eyes start crossing and you can't will them to uncross? i wonder, how is it when you're that tired you can still not fall asleep, at least not with any actual resting occuring?? it's a conundrum, at least to this quasi-insomniac!"
"well, mom made it out of surgery with good results thus far-some immediate relief of pain  since they didn't actually get her into surgery until 5:45pm she might (depending on how she feels and is moving) get out later tonite or tomorrow morning  i'm currently with her at jcmc  thanks for all of your prayers!"
"ok peoples  thank you so much for your prayers! mom is home (don't worry, not this late early  she was released a while ago ) and recovering and already has some wonderful pain relief outside of the e playful ected soreness around the site of her incision  she said, \god is sooo good   \"" when she was in a room for a bit post-op  i utterly agree!!"""
"i had a very blessed shabbat  although the body was not exactly willing, the spirit was greatly nourished, which (to me) shows the presence of his hand even moreso!!"
"woot, woot! off to sunday night dinner with mom, dad, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, bt, and all together with granddad at his house! i'm so blessed to have such a close and (mostly) dysfunctionless family around me!"
"i'm tired  not just physically, but of many things in this life that shouldn't be so hard; shouldn't be so wearing on a person's soul  why do we make life so difficult for those around us when it would take so much less energy overall to simply be courteous? people have forgotten how to be truthful, keep agreements, and not have deceit rampant in their lives! i, personally, am tired of it! g'nite "
"i'm glad the weekend is alomst here once again! i'm done with the tax exempt donation reports before the 31st of january (novelty!) and after i copy cds from the tikkun institute conference and pop them in the mail tomorrow (friday, tomorrow to me as i've not attempted to go to bed yet) i will be more than ready for shabbat to be here!! god, of course, was so wise to know we needed a rest from our regular work!!!!"
"one of my favorites (and i felt the necessity to share) annoyed \duct tape is like the force  it has a dark side and a light side and it holds the universe together \"""""
"my dad is the best!!!!!! \if your dad is a hard working man and is your hero, helped you no matter how bad you are or is just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is an angel in heaven  paste this to your status and let everyone know  who's your daddy???? *****<propmale> fiedler (brmf)***** is mine ;   -)"
"pet peeve #oh who knows?? annoyed people who call *<propfirst>'s day* valentimes day  do i call *saint <propfirst>'s day* saint <propfemale>'s day or saint petri's day?--no!     this coming from a person who doesn't even celebrate the fool holiday!!!! \aaaaaaah  i feel (even if it's just a bit) better now!"
shabbat shalom people!
"i don't know about y'all, but i'm ready for another weekend to be here already!! what do you say? call tomorrow friday instead of hump day? who's with me?"
"courtesy of edgemont pres: ''for every goliath there is a stone '' i don't know about you, but i find that encouraging  blessings!!"
"i don't know if i have mentioned this lately, so, i love being an auntie!!!!  smile   laugh   smile "
"\<propfemale> tales do not tell children that dragons exist  children already know that dragons exist  <propfemale> tales tell children that dragons can be killed \"" \",deaa67b369f5365277158a8f5872ac58,"i'm joining the rest of the world, and am now going to try to get addicted to facebook  =p"
