1fffc13ad24a52463bd9d6008d9caef7
"happy 2010, you crazies    hey, where's my jetpack?!?"
people are dropping like flies!
"new cali law: sb 1317 allows the state to slap parents with a $2,000 fine if their k-8 child misses more than 10 percent of the school year without a valid excuse  it also allows the state to punish parents with up to a year in prison for the misdemeanor? ? piece o' crap if you ask me  who has a say as to what is a \valid\"" excuse?!?!"""
"spider-man,  spider-man sony screwed up on spider-man, raimi's gone, tobey too as well as <propfemale>'s snaggle-tooth, <-(good thing) look out    sony has struck again      spider-man, spider-man, going back to high school- spiderman?, <propfirst>'s officially raped and screwed, sony should of used the jelly too   "
"look out     sony has struck again       spider-man to spider-boy, ultimate puberty in all his joy, first in line to see this flick?, any spider-man news makes me sick, look out    it's the end of the spider-maaaannnnnnnnn!"
"spider-man,  spider-man sony screwed up on  spider-man, raimi's gone, tobey too as well as <propfemale>'s snaggle-tooth,  <-(good thing) look out    sony has struck again      spider-man,  spider-man, going back to high school- spiderman?, <propfirst>'s officially  raped and screwed, sony should of used the jelly too   "
"saw the lightning theif, not bad, wife says book is better though "
"monday afternoon,i finally get to see the wolfman!"
let's see who is paying  attention     every single one of you are on my friend list as a result  of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but  also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays  attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  you can't  choose    family but you can choose your friends
'appy st  paddy's day!
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke   as a joke, your house is a mess, or your family is filled with   crazies    they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long   periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship    repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one    true friend  smile "
"true friends can go long periods of time \withoutspeaking and never question their friendship, and pick up like \they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it's been      repost \if you are lucky enough to have at least one      "
"game stop now is offering prerelease orders for dc universe online!!!! don't know which version to get  hero, villian, collecter's? oh why won't sony tell us what is in each box?!?"
let us have a moment of silence for the men and women of our armed forces and those who fought in the resistance for the allies in our wars     peace be upon you   
upset that australia got their collective butts whooped by germany   
is throughly excited that dcuo is coming out soon!
happy father's day to one and all
thaks to everyone who rembemered my birthday!
"my boss picked me up a \the wild wests\"" falsh graphic novel while he was in italy! how cool is that!"""
"to all my pokepets cohorts, i need yo to send me a werewolf chewing bone please!"
"ok superpoke pet people , addemduim- werewolf chewing bone and werewolf tracks, please! beg beg beg"
"looking forward to the fourthfor what it truly means, just not the noise    "
is pissed    i should be at the rally in washington d c  right now!
"dang,  i wish i knew that he was going to stream this on facebook  i would have been here when it started   "
"four oaks, north <propfemale>"
"all men are created equal, but your attitude is what divides you "
the next <propfirst> |washington may be female as well
blessed be to all
"woth all thouse faiths here, god had to hear   "
she's gotten heavier
(flag waving)
|i hoe they stream this later   
(hope)
i think it's funny the jsus sucks hard statements have one key word    arguably!
he will have to answer to the big guy
"remember all, pay this day forward!|!|!|!|!"
for once in my life i am going to watch and tap something on c-span!
i thank all those from other countries who watched today!
can't find it on c=span prog  for tonight or mon
"wish\ heaven had a phone so that i could hear your voice again   i thought of\ you today, but that is nothing new  i thought about you yesterday, and \days before that too  i think of you in silence, i often speak your \name  all i have are memories and a picture in a frame  re-post this if \you have someone in heaven that you miss"
is wreaked that he now has to wait till march 31st of 2011 to get his hands on dc universe online     damn delays! > sad 
wants to do some serious damage to whoever at corporate thought that tesseracts were real    'cause we sure don't have space to put all this crap they sent us    
"bunny\ scheider crawford troops go without the proper equipment   homeless go \without eating    elderly go without needed medicines   mentally ill go \without treatment    yet we donate millions of dollars to other \countries before helping our own first!!! 99% of people on facebook \won't have the guts to re-post"
"still hating on corporate today  the logistics dept  obviously believes that you can tear down a display, add extenders, and rebuild a display x 6, if you don't know that that is what you're suppose to do    "
happy 10 10 10 all!
\little girls it seems to say, never stop along your way  never trust a \1fffc13ad24a52463bd9d600 laugh 9caef7,i want to thank all my frontierville neighbors for their help 
"i think the raiders are on something, or <propmale> is    broncos are getting ready to be school lunches!"
"happy samhain, everyone!"
need just 3 more bobbin apples on frontierville    thanks to all who helped
grats to the gaints fans! now if the cubbies can finally win one1
i hate when newscasters call a win for a candidate when only 10% of the vote is in    
"3\ years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years \old: mom whatever    17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years \old: i wanna leave this house  35 years old: i wanna go back to my mom's\ house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would \give up everything for my mom to be here with me  post this on your wall\ if you appreciate your mom"
is wondering if they will move my jr  high to my soon to be gone high school    
is craving philippino food like we had back home     
happy turkey day everyone!
time 4 pimp'in  pie!
"wolfpack time in 15 mins! <propfemale>, is pimento ready? i know <propmale> is ready    "
go pack!
wolf pack scores!!!!!
wolfpack scores!!
i love the fact that the semen-oles are hating this!
score!!! finally
noooooo!!!!!!!!!!
it's over     crying 
"if we some how even tie this with just over a minute, i'll never doubt state again    "
that last call sucked    that was not a first down!
dinosaucers!
snow is god's dandruff laugh 
sweet indy victory!
to all my friends: you're all dorks!!!!     and i wouldn't have it any other way!!! wink 
"my family can use all the prayers we can get, as my uncle <propmale> is in the hospital for serious problems   "
"greatest man in history: jesus, had no servants, yet they called him master; had no degree, yet they called him teacher; had no medicines, yet they called him healer; had no army, yet kings feared him; won no military battles, yet he conquered the world; committed no crime, yet they crucified him   he was buried in a tomb, yet he lives today  re-post if you believe in your heart he is the reason for the season "
"to all my mates and family, i love you all and have a <propfemale> christmas, happy birthday (to <propfemale>, still only get one set of presents a year, haha , love ), and happy new year!"
"so, my wife attempts to go to work this morn, starts to turn out the drive way, and slides into the ditch across the street  tried to get a tow truck and couldn't get one, so we will try again tomorrow   "
is heartbroken upon learning of his uncle's diagnosis      heart-broken 
"i took the ad&d stats quiz and got these stats annoyed   str:7\  int:13\  wis:12\  dex:10\  con:7\  chr:11\take the quiz yourself at http annoyed  www kevinhaw com add_quiz php"
"a cancer patient only has one wish, to get better  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer post this for at least one hour!"
so it's green bay vs  ???? for superbowl   
now praying for steelers to win tonight for a steelers   packers superbowl!
"to those who don't know, but care, my uncle <propfirst> went to his great reward this morning  grieve not for him, but for those whose lives he touched, and know that we are grateful for the kindness and love he had shown us and will always hold that in our hearts     love  you, uncle <propmale>!"
"laid my uncle <propmale> to rest today, hurt like hell, especially taps, but got to be with family, and got to help one of the best women i will ever know in this lifetime, my aunt linder! i love you all!"
asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour  if you or someone you love has or had cancer  my hope is that in 2011 a cure will be found  will you post it? just one hour  do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it! i hope to see this on all status today
"for what we lost, for what we gained, knowing life won't be the same  a single tear, a mournful sigh, not wanting to say goodbye  knowing you're home, not alone, not in that box below the sun, below the stone  original by me for you, uncle <propmale>   love  u and miss u "
"ok, facebook friends, comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
"game ain't over yet, y'all!"
please just start the game already     playful 
"even though i was rooting for the steelers, i'm happy for <propfirst> woodson and <propfirst> driver "
