f286c663185fcb2b88192fff0d31ea7b
"i think i'll sleep till spring, thank you  laugh "
finally found <propmale> python and the holy grail at the library  it was in a box set the whole time  lovely!
forever you my girl forever be my world  you are the only one ?
waking up at 3am to go to orientation  woohoo  indecision 
"i was seriously up all night watching youtube vids  indecision  they must put something in them  on the up side, 2pm's wild <propfemale> is hilarious  love "
ugh i can't feel my eyes  sleep isn't come easy these days  6 days!!
i can't believe i'm out of here in 3 days!!
i'm so achy for some reason 
"shopping, hair appointment, cake today!! moving in tomorrow!!"
"pretty good day despite all the trouble getting here, i really think i'm going to like <propfemale>  laugh "
got my face painted  don't be jealous
autographed suju poster!!!! ? ? ? ?
did a lot today for waking up at 2pm lol  i'm pretty surprised myself 
"feels so good when you're doing all the things that you wanna do ? i wouldn't change my life, my lifes just fine"
no class till 1pm tomorrow so i'm staying up late! then i'm going home for the weekend  laugh 
   and i'm home!! honestly my house has never looked so big lmao
jaebum   t_t this is all way outta hand 
the weekend was too much fun but now it's back to classes  i think today will be an easy day  laugh 
glad it's finally the weekend  going to fantanime meeting tonight   maybe  laugh 
watching super show! it'll never get old  laugh 
"my dir en grey tix came today!! now i just have to find a way to new york  i will be there, believe it!!"
"crazy day! renaissance fair, ikea, and bomb ass ice cream  all with little a and b  love 33"
feels horrible d:
keep calm and conjure a  patronus charm
it has not been all day?!
"all set for the night: just put on a face mask, got some <propfemale>, and an ncis marathon love "
my phone is about to die and my charger is locker in <propmale>'s empty house  if anyone needs me skype me i guess *sigh*
~ leeteuk - kangin - siwon - hangeng - heechul - yesung - ryeowook- sungmin - shindong - kyuhyun - kibum - donghae - hyukjae ~ ? happy 4th anniversary ?
making ringtones though i don't think anything will ever top my mblaq one  laugh  oh yeah!
<propfirst> casablancas *unf*     well maybe just his voice * unf unf* lmao
i've got a motivation problem so my standard break from life is getting longer   
"i still can't register for classes, 2012 isn't playing here, i am not in new york, i won't drink  kyo's tea, i'm hungry, and now without an ipod cord  t_t t_t i should just go back to sleep  an yet even with all this, i still can't honestly say fml, there is always someone who is going through worse "
"is an angry little inch all of the sudden  idk, hope i get over it soon  just have to think, it's going to be a great day, not it should have been a great day "
la cha la cha <propfemale> <propfemale> ~~~ ? <propfemale> ?
"wants to be home already *sigh* tuesday, come on!!"
"glad to be home, i've missed my room lol"
is going to start stabbing skulls soon  starting with   you
the talent show was fun now i have to study for my soci final tomorrow  should be a piece of cake  laugh 
first day of break plans: sleep in as late as possible  check lol
"cleaning up then setting the tree up  kinds sucks no one else wants to do it with me  indecision  but if i want a tree, i gotta do it myself "
"ring ding <propfirst>, ring ding <propfirst>, ring diggy ding diggy ding ding ding ?"
getting ready to do some really late christmas shopping in a bit lol  always last minute with me  laugh  i hope everyone is having a great holiday and i can't wait to see everyone at school again soon  love 
muggles getting mad cause i got me a firebolt  love 
almost paradiseeeee~!
"it's really nice out today  laugh  in for the day now though, maybe watching a movie between laundry "
do you realize?? ?
"daesung, you have to open your eyes!!  laugh "
s currently shaking and crying to my shinhwa 10th anniversary dvd  it's so fucking amazing and orange ?
i am not feeling very well 
"do you bite your thumb at us, sir?"
i don't care about anything  even if i'm running a little late in the morning      i'm gonna try my best  how many times have i stupidly got my hopes up? there are no barriers   that's why i keep trying 
so i guess i should have listened to <propfirst> when she told me to take my gloves off  chocolate everywhere!!! t_t
ugh god she makes me so angry im shaking  ill be happy when she finally goes off to where ever she goes i dont even care
i love opening ceremonies!  laugh 
thinder mur ? lmao
"in a great mood because of the nice weather! it's nice to have the windows open, hopefully this lasts for a while  laugh  looking forward to gospel fest tonight "
"okay, this is getting ridiculous  i just had a mini spasm because i remembered that i didn't check my crops today  t_t help  laugh "
this game is intense  let's go usa!!
"ah monday once again but that's ok cause i'm going home on friday, i'm going home on friday, i'm going home on friday! on friday, i'm going home  laugh   laugh  so now you know where i'll be  laugh "
i am going through olympic withdrawal already [] laugh -     t_t
today is such a great day! packing for home tomorrow and doing a little spring cleaning while i am at it  it's amazing how much stuff you can squeeze into a little drawer and not notice it for months  laugh 
lmao she's really getting butthurt over taquitos  laugh   laugh  wanna act your age soon?
"l o v e, it’s a mystery  where you’ll find me, where you’ll find all is love ?"
"i know we got it good, but they got it made"
"don't go  i'll eat you up, i love you so ?"
i had a dream that i had a really good meal at the bears den     0_o
i can't bring myself to finish the party post @ ontd_skating  22+ pages  i wore out my right click + save lmao  fail!
is tired 
getting ready to take my english exit  everything is all be good  smile 
last week at <propfemale> \\o !
home for the summer!!!
what's the d-d-d-dillo? what's the d-d-d-deal?
iker es mi hombre  laugh 
"gibbs, stop hanging up on people! this is srs bzns!"
just finished my 2nd workout at curves  sooo tired but i feel great too  laugh 
anchovy gets to swim this time  laugh 
\annnnd it looks like he got shot  typical \,f286c663185fcb2b88192fff0d31ea7b,laying out by the pool to celerbrate spains win lmao
going to the roflcoptour tonight  wizard wrock ftw!! *geeks*
mein vertrauen ist weg 
really wish i could hook up the n64 right now  indecision 
i think it's time for an epic doughnut discoteque  laugh 
just want to say thank you to the asshole who set off smoke bombs in my building  i just love sitting outside at 2 in the morning 
today is going to be supermegafoxyawesomehot!
poolside & it feels sooo good  smile  can't wait for real madrid vs la galaxy tonight!
exhausted and pretty much unpacked  a little nervous for class tomorrow  thankfully it's at 4pm  smile  good night!
thank you for all the birthday wishes  smile 
very informative post on _political offering many ways you can help the victims of the floods in pakistan http annoyed  community livejournal com ontd_political 6826307 html
do you do everything oprah tells you to do?
"i like how when i write on the board, all my work is way lower than everyone elses lol "
"got my time-turner today! three turns, should do it, i think  laugh "
"sometimes life's unfair  don't you let that stop you though  i've been right where you are before  don't let no one stop you though, happiness is for everyone &hearts;"
"*puts on encouragement playlist and moves on with life* gonna have a good day, i won't let something so small spoil it  laugh "
"maybe today seems cloudy and gray\so full of sorrow and tomorrow seems so far away\but it gets better, but it gets better\and i know the world keeps throwing you strife\but keep on strutting down this yellow brick road called life\cuz it gets better, cuz it gets better"
ahh! i'll be home in 6 days  laugh  only for a week but still!
played that camping game from the mission trip with my mom on the way home  laugh  good stuff 
harreh did ya put ya <propfemale> in da gobla deh fiya?!?11!!!
lmao @ being called chocolate-chan  laugh 
"i keep forgetting that tomorrow is new years <propfemale>  everyone is like \i can't wait for tomorrow!\"" and i'm all \""what happens tomorrow?\"" haha"""
wangoballwime?
back to school once again  first day wasn't so bad  i'm really looking forward to sociology tomorrow lol
i'm all out of tea and i could really go for a cutch right about now  indecision 
found a package of tissues in my bookbag  i assume this is what winning the lottery feels like  laugh 
