f46d9eda375f99b8edee9b0ca9e44f09
is happy new year everyone from <propfirst> and malachi  hope this year finds you many good blessings   
is thinking about moving my bed to pizza hut    feels like i amd starting to live there    pulling a double today   hope <propfemale> gets to feeling better
got a phone call from malachi last night     he called at the busy time at work     o well still answered my phone      was up late last night     could not sleep was happy to hear from him     two weeks and i in texas     one week and i 18     so exciting! happy new year everyone from malachi! love <propfirst> & malachi
four days and the baby of the family is no longer a baby    she is 18    looking forward to what life has to bring for me    but ready for this texas trip    racking some money up for when i get home   will have over 30 hours in one week! happy happy joy joy
if not now then when?
is     ready for senior year to come already
went to pitt yesterday and had a blast hope i can do it again really really soon!
cant believe there is only a month and a half until senior year    im ready but im not ready   hold on family the baby is growing up
had so much fun yesterday    i got to see him! cant wait till next time
the road is coming to a fork    do i go left or right?
"had a wonderful day yesterday and last night with malachi, and so far a wonderful day with baby girl!"
"class of 2010 good luck with our senior year getting ready to start    be smart in everyting we do and may our decisions be wise  cubs! congrats on making it this far without me good luck ill try and keep in touch  malachi, good luck with basic and ait im behind you 100% and wish you the best of luck  family, thanks for all the support you put forth to get me this far it really means alot to me  i love you all!"
why me? why now? how much worse can this get?
i fell you caught me  i fall again and you just let me go like you did to the rest of them  heart-broken 
senior pics in two weeks      malachi leaves in three      senior order forms due tuesday      life is growing fast
little stressed out right now not ready to say goodbye    tears already started falling     why does it have to end this way    i love you malachi never will i forget you be safe      see you when you return
ready or not here we go          
ugh   
on his way to lackland best of luck <propfemale> i will be thinking of you  love 
down in lackland already have not heard anything from him yet still playing the waiting game    will keep you notified     <propfirst>  
his basic starts tomorrow    so we should have his address sometime in the next two weeks    please keep him in our thoughts and prayers     <propfirst>
checking the mail everyday still nothing    got some paper work coming my way from him eventually     hurry up january will come fast     still have no update on him hope his basic is going well       for me i am doing good not down in the dumps hanging in there   always thinking about him but kno he is coming home    love ya <propfemale>    <propfirst>
happy turkey day    im thankful that the lord has let me live for 17 almost 18 years    i'm also thankful for the support my family gives me each and every day!
got a phone call from lackland texas today    malachi says hello to everyone and happy thanksgiving    did not get to talk much could hardly understand a word he was saying    looking forward to january     he loves you all and will see you when he gets home     <propfirst> & malachi  love 
today has not started off very good     had two nightmares this morning    malachi was in both     thought i was doing good but not it seems like he is all i can think about day and night      i love you <propfemale> and i can't wait to see you again  love 
is doing alot better today   still waiting for some mail to come my way    getting a little ancy to hear from my wonderful boyfriend     will update everyone on him when i get the 411     <propfirst> & malachi  love 
"so  today has been a wonderful day  got out of school for half the day to listen to a motivational speaker about drinking and driving  got my hair cut after school  got a letter! when i got home from getting my hair cut  i have a message to all of you  malachi- \everyone    i send my hellos to all  im still pushing texas! \"" sending love to all <propfirst> and malachi  love """
how is life supposed to be going great when all that is in your life is drama   or people getting mad at you because you state your opinion or just dont feel like talking     ugh     where is my easy button at? sure wish my boyfriend was home so i at least know he would not be mad or upset with me
is starting to believe that it is going to be okay     one less person in my life is not going to make a difference     tough luck    things happen     just thankful for another funfilled day without her    got to see mom and <propmale> and go to walmart    then come home clean up the garage and move wood around   then went back to walmart with <propfemale>    what a wonderful day!
ready for malachi to come home    i really miss him and need nothing more than a hug and a kiss from him     still have not heard anything from him on this end     waiting    it gets harder and harder as the days go on    3 wks until i turn 18  2 wks until winter break     not sure how long until i make my trip to texas    please let it be soon    i love him and miss him so much right now you dont even understand  sad 
heading to work again    seems like its all i do but it brings home good money    money for me to go on road trips with the boyfriends family! off to texas in january     love ya <propfemale>   
not to happy with the outcome of my check this time    for all the hard work i put into it im sure not getting much out of it    saving up for texas trip still     wont stop until i get to see him again   then after that its time to save up for a new car so i have one that i dont have to worry about breaking down 
"january is a big month this year! i turn 18, malachi completes his basic! all in a matter of two weeks     hurry up january 13th bring on the road trip! bday not so important lol"
is going to go shower and get the rest of the christmas shopping out of the way     christmas is almost here which means texas trip is getting closer! ready for it all to be over with
is ready for these two days off    then back at it again    making the big bucks    haha who am i kidding     ready to see my mommy and spend some holiday cheer with her     my last christmas as a minor!
"mom is on her way to get me! so excited    can't wait to see her    she means alot to me, as i  mean alot to her! ready to just chillax with her and catch up have not seen her since thanksgiving  sad "
i would like to say <propfemale> christmas to <propmale> my family and friends   m<propmale>achi i know you can not read this but <propfemale> christmas anyway <propfemale> love you! love  dad i got to see your military greeting this morning    <propfemale> christams to you and i am waiting to see you soon!
malachi says <propfemale> christmas to all  he is looking forward to being done with everything     tears have already fallen up here because of malachi's christmas gift to me   love to all and <propfemale> christmas <propfirst> & malahci love 
"got letters from malachi     made me cry     got done playing in the snow to get my mind off the letters      covered two of three dogs in snow! started a snowman, then dog decided to attack it so i gave up     fixing to get around for work, let the hours keep building up    need more money for texas trip    so excited to see malachi  love "
got more letters from malachi today   little bit of confusion on what he is trying to say    but all will be will in time   well off to finish cleaning up the house    
is ready for the snow to just stop falling until after we leave and get back from texas    8 days and im outa here     so exciting    
is loving the snow but wanting it to hold off long enough for us to get to texas and back safely    going to see humboldt in a week then a new part of texas    so exciting! love you <propfemale>!  love 
is is is is is is is idk what she is    happy sad   up down    young old    excited    well as soon as i figure it out i will let you know   
thank you everyone for the happy bday's i love you all to
well things are not looking any better for me right now    car broke down again    kinda getting in high spirts but very stressful bday this year    me and malachi together 7 months today!
just got senior pictures in the mail! woot woot   no school today casino tonight with brother and sister in law! going to be a good night to stop thinking    love ya'lls
is kinda ready for tuesday to get here    cant wait to see him   but scared of the changes made    getting nervous as time draws closer and closer
well it managed to happen stress level= out of this world   
i sin humboldt for the night    off to texas bright and early
is off to texas see yall when i get back! love to all  smile 
is back from texas had a wonderful trip can't wait to see malachi again    had so much fun! back during spring break love you <propfemale>!  love 
really tired from all the driving and trying to stay awake all day during school catch up on some school work and hit the hay early tonight    get to talk to malachi via cell phone on his free time and when i not busy   
is reading bootcamp      good book actually found one that interest me     
is fixing to got ot work        not ready to have all the hours i once did    adjusting to life a little better    
is crying on the inside but trying to stand strong on the outside     
is going to get through this    rather hard but will succeed     
"\but god bless the broken roads and lead me straight to you!\"" love you ab melton"""
is sad that she don't get to see malachi until saturday at the earliest    hopefully i will get to talk to him before then       love you ab melton  love 
"is thinking things out very carefully, dont want to make the wrong move  hopefully will get to talk to malachi tonight  smile  love you ab melton  love "
this snow is the most beautiful thing i have seen since my latest niece was born    love the big flakes and the heavy fall of it      
is going to get a shower only to smell like pizza in five hours     sad  after awhile of standing in the kitchen the smell becomes you   once you get home that is all you can smell    yuck i hate it how can anyone stand the smell
is thinking              
is beginning to think that she should think things out a little more before she tells anyone about it    it seems to always come around and bite me in the @$$      ugh really now? really?
should it really be this hard to let go? why is it so hard? should it be this scary?
is thinking money needs to save up faster so i can buy a new vehicle   mine keeps breaking down    seems like there is something different wrong with it every day   
is got my car going again    stressing out over other things        ugh got to love life!
is entering the life of a true grown up    got everything going how i need it to go so far got things to tell malachi and i will be good to go    once you get over the fear its pretty easy now just to get done with high school
is getting things around    got the talk with the boyfriend over with    let him know my thoughts    now to get done with the 18th bday of jaqui i all will be good   hitting bed fairly early tonight getting sicker and sicker    big game tomorrow   going to get paid to watch it! love you ab melton!  love 
what a way to end a screwed up day           even more screwed up              well i guess i am off to bed can't seem to make anyone happy tonight
is thinking about what he is going to say    someone got me thinking about it     hope all is well     love you ab melton! best of luck to you!  love 
i can't stop thinking about him    he has been on my mind all day   brought a smile to my face   i love him    he means so much to me    i can't wait till i get to see him   via person or via net   he is my all    love 
has been told to take it ez before i make it worse    i really hope this goes away sometime soon   i can not take things ez for to long i will get bored out of my mind    2 weeks of no lifetime sports  surprise  i think i might cry
just pulled into humboldt till sunday   got job interview tomorrow and all will be well
it is getting tougher and tougher          
just got home from school and got things to get done    hopefully tonight i will get to talk with malachi been a long day so far hopefully this evening goes by faster that what i think it will          
has three weeks to pull an english assignment together    hope i can make it look good
wonders what it is going to take                               
wishes i were with him now       
fixing to go to work again    yay! seems like i live there again    lots of hours   o well gives me more spending money for when i go to texas again      got some homework to do but i will have to wait until 2morrow morning
just got home from work and cleaned up    now time to hit the books or computer whichever and talk to me man    i love you ab melton  love 
is praying that everything works out the way its supposed to
thinks its so funny when someone is so serious about something until the boyfriend steps in then its all just a joke    wow it is for sure time for you to grow up    love you ab melton!!!!!!!!!!
does not feel like talking about when people are coming home or what is going to happen once they get here     don't want to talk about death or being hospitalized    dont feel up to talking about much   
does not care what anyone else thinks     if you dont like me for who i am well then tough luck i am not going to change my life around for someone that i wont even be around come may    ready for graduation    ready for the high school drama to stop     ugh isnt life grand     
"wants to take a moment to say happy birthday mother, good luck during round to state g town girls bball, cant wait for saturday and monday, and i love you ab melton!"
fixing to head out to topeka to get my daddy! so exciting   !!!!!!!!!! then off to texas monday!!!! man time is flying by     spring break here i come!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you ab melton
is glad the weekend is finally here   dad is home and everything is going good  <propfirst> and tiff are off to cali  <propfemale> and <propfirst> in ok for the weekend   we leaving monday for texas    ready for this trip but at the same time not ready                              
is fixing to get her stuff around and head back to kansas    it was fun and not so fun     going to be a long trip back    love you ab melton!
what a day its been already          woke up and everything went down hill from there    lots of negative things going on today and it early morning wow i can see where this day is going already
if life gives you lemons you should make lemonade!
decisions decisions decisions well i guess its time for us to start making our decisions isn't it    so many options in what to do    everything is going to work out just how we want it to and be a okay in the end   love you ab melton!!!
is thinking these next three weeks are going to be really boring and stressful for me  school just started back up and already the homework is coming in quickly  54 days and i done with high school  i can move out on my own and be with my lovely man! have fun and take care babe love you lots!
"has a presentation tomorrow, a test tomorrow, prom saturday, and many of other things on my mind    wow this is going to be a long six weeks of school "
is not feeling up to prom tomorrow    hope i feel better and in less pain     we will see if not drugs and an early night might have to happen  going out with my girls tomorrow night spend some time with them have a good ol time  school almost over graduation annoncements are about half way filled out worked on them two hours and now ready for bed
is just wanting to know what they have to say  never said anything was going to come from it  i just want to listen thats all       sorry i am a curious person              
is setting the internet stuff up with the new computer  getting wireless this week sometime hopefully so i can be anywhere in my house with either computer and talk to people <propmale> away or just across the street
is very concerned on how these answers are going to come out         do i already know the answer      god i hope its not coming down to this               ugh                                   
just got back from seeing the family    been a long day in the truck     missed out on talking to malachi because i dont want to load computer    just out of it and ready for bed    
well all of moms family knows now       lets see how things really turn out    fixing to head back home before to long         
has had a wonderful evening talking to him got to go eat and make bed finish up with laundry and hopefully talk to him some more tonight     looking forward to talking with him this week    love you ab melton!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! mwah!!!!!!!
loves him more than he loves me! and misses him more       smile  he just wont fess up to the truth                   face the truth babe we all know its true
is going to go back to sleep now    shoulda did homework tonight but did not feel up to it    heck i hardly talked to malachi       o well things happen more so when you feel like poo      got to get my rest on cant miss anymore school    
as i sit on facebook looking back to the childhood pictures on here i really get the picture of how much i have grown up and changed     wow the baby is really really grown up now       sending love and thanks to my lovely parents for teaching me right from wrong and making me the person i am today!
its been ten short months since you asked me to be yours      time has flown by babe i love you so much i cant wait to see what life has in store for us     there has been many of great memories togther and many more to come      love you malachi <propfirst> melton!!!  love  mwah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
has the most loving boyfriend ever! kids are going home for a couple hours going to miss them     loved sleeping with keagan and running around with c'ariah     
is being offered a 500 dollar scholarship for just visiting campus on a tuesda before may 4th what to do what to do
"just got home a little bit ago had a fairly decent day at school came home and went and visited my \grandma\"" then went and hit some balls to pass time with my girls    had a blast cant wait for the next time we go hitting    but for now it shower time and bed before to long"""
"if you have a problem with who i am then just get out of my life  i'm not going to change for some immature witch, when i could be out having a good time with my other true friends     ones i know wont through a fit because i wont be their taxi"
is thinking about finishing my book about a man slowly dying and his lessons on life      not the best book for me to be reading it will only get me thinking more      15 days school days left and i'm outa this drama filled school    can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got back from wal-mart       almost ready to call it a night    didnt sleep much last night    stayed up reading my book and got to the point where i could not put it down finally at 1 o'clock this morning i forced myself to put it in my bag and try and get some sleep     yawn
tonight i wanna cry            
"ugh     idk what to do, think, or even say anymore   "
is hanging around the house today was going to help dad finish up with the trim but that got blown out of the water pretty fast    guess he is going to fort spick to help bro in law        hope he gets it finished up with before graduation    
is noticing that the first thing i do after school is get on and check my facebook and email     lay around the house for a few before i decide to actually get up and do something with my life     wow living an even better life now!
has fallen in love with him all over again    i have the best boyfriend any girl could ask for! i love you babe!
"just got home from an amazing day of playing in the air, fishing even though the big fishies kept breaking my line  sad  got a good laugh at jelly and <propfirst> flipping the boat five feet from shore    what a day what a day now time to shower and do something productive like clean house yay!!!!!!!!!!!"
"is going to be strong in all of this no matter what it takes     school is not even out and i already miss my friends    senior trip will hold tons of memories for me    cant wait to spend time with jelly, <propfirst>, and tabs one last time before we graduate   "
wow really? really??????
is thinking sleep would be really smart to get    just dont feel like it right now        long day of school tomorrow maybe i will feel better     
is home from school      got some homework to finish up on dogs to feed a house to clean      its going to be a long night     
has a few more things to think long and hard about    
is going to sit here and act like everything is okay     even though it isn't    
does not want to do this english assignment    ugh
is finally starting to come around    feeling a little better as the days go by    done with the brace i think    its not hurting near as bad     looks like the light at the end of the tunnel is starting to shine through a little   
"is not having a good day, not ending the senior year well, teachers need to understand that it is hard enough for us seniors to be gone on mothers day and not overload us on homework      hopefully senior trip will still be fun      "
why all of a sudden is everything my fault? i didnt do a damn thing    you chose to end it this way         get over it for its not my fault all these things are happening to you  
"is glad to know people like to keep her informed on what is going on        graduation in a few days, stressing over finals, cried most of day         well i guess its goodbye girard high school          "
"to my fellow classmates, well it looks like we have finally reached the end of our high school career  may god bless you in everything you do in your lives  good luck in everything you do  i'm going to miss all of you and the memories we have shared together throughout our schooling  congrats to the class of 2010!"
got to love the feeling that many people have any hope in you and the things you do in life        its not going to end how you think it is      have a little faith    so what we have our fights    we get over them     have a little faith in what i do in my life    its not going to turn out how you think it is             
graduation is over  finally out of high school  loving spending time with malachi its been wonderful so far and is only going to get better  ready for vacation to come and go so i can get a job and possibly get some college on    
just got home from a bike ride    feels like forever since i have rode one of them    trying to get back in the habbit of being active and losing the rest of my weight     going to take alot of work but im willing to take the challenge
"i'm going to love you, like its the last day of my life    so i'm going to bring home a dozen roses, and pour us a glass of wine   "
just the thought of him having to leave makes my heart hurt      i'm already starting to live in pain again      how am i going to be able to handle being away from him again    idk how long it will be for this time         ;'(
i have officially busted the screen off my phone                    still works for now      
the world spins faster around me    but me and my life stand perfectly still      
i'm sorry world for all the wrong i have brought you     i'll try and change my ways        
"the more i try not to think about it, the more i do think about it    i'm not ready for the pain, however i am ready to prove to people that its going to be okay and we will make it    be safe on your way, and keep in touch babe, you are in our thoughts and prayers    love you bunches"
kids and parents are off to swim  what should i do to pass time? hope time flys fast tonight and i can talk with malachi more  really hurt last night not getting to talk much  love you much babe
hates it when people tell me i'm going to fail  not all marriages fail    you guys need to grow up leave me alone and stop trying to get me to change my mind  its not going to happen  i love malachi  i love him to pieces so get over yourselves and leave us alone 
what have i done now    i feel that i have screwed up in so many ways       i'm sorry    
sending birthday wishes to my fiance malachi melton  happy birthday <propfemale> hope you have a wonderful day  i love you 
"today = not so bad    went out to eat with <propfemale>, <propmale> out with <propfemale> and had a good time  now ready to talk to my fiance to see how his day is going have not got to talk to him since nine this morning    he's all i can think about  love you a1c melton"
"so lay here beside me, just hold me, and don't let go  this feelin' i'm feelin' is somethin' i've never known  and i just can't take my eyes off you  and i just can't take my eyes off you        i'm falling fast, but the truth is, i'm not scared at all  you climed my walls "
"if all girard wants to do to me is cause drama in my life and stress me out even more, to heck with it  i dont need that in my life, its stressed enough  figure your words out, stop turning other people's words around and grow up  my life is hard enough to live without you in it, so forget you  i'm not in high school, i shouldn't be having to deal with your stupid childish drama "
"tonight is going to be the night that i change my life  no more smoking, no more not being in shape, no more not having muscles  thanks to all my motivations in life, and a wonderful fiance that is going to help me through all of this  a life changing event is happening right before your eyes  i love you sweetheart, and thank you for all your dedication to help me in this big event in my life! mwah!"
ugh                                                                                                              its going to be a long night moring    cant sleep   to much to think about      
hates it how one day can go so perfect  then you turn around and the next day is the worst day ever     so ready for this to be over     ready to be with him    ready to stop hurting from being away      come on february    come much faster than you are now      i need some real sleep     love you malachi melton    mwah    hope you are getting some kinda sleep tonight and all the other nights   
why do i feel so horrible? why do i feel like i have screwed up in so many ways? did i do something i don't realize i did? what did i do?   so many questions with no answers     ugh    i feel horrible       
cause i was born to tell you i love you      
"pain and sickness, you could go away at any moment and i would not get upset about it  dont know which part of toinght has hurt the most  so many options to choose from  hope tomorrow is a much better day, and i can talk more to the love of my life, malachi melton  would make it so much easier to sleep at night   "
waiting on my sweetheart to get home so i can talk to him  he always makes my day so much better  i have the best fiance' in the whole entire world  i love you malachi melton  mwah!  love 
its going to be yet another long sleepless night for <propfirst> yet again    to much to think about     to many things happening at once        lets get the remote from the movie click    slow certain things down and speed the rest of things up    
"wow, well don't i just fell so horrible right now     don't even remember talking to my fiance this morning                     ugh       sorry once again babe                                    "
what a day today has been       maybe tomorrow will go better                                   
"i have the best fiance in the world  so many great memories together thus far, and so many more to come  i can't wait to see what the future has to hold for us  7 short months and we will be able to start our new future together  i love you so much malachi melton   you mean the world to me  thank you for all the great memories, and the ones that are to yet come  love you baby, mwah!"
today is going to be a rough day             
"had a fairly good nights sleep, got to talk to malachi melton quite a bit  now he is off to work and im getting around for work  get to work with <propfirst> <propfemale>, <propfemale> murphy  going to be a good night's work  then off to bed at a decent hour so we can be off and going  bright and early for dresses! cant wait till february 12th  love you baby have a good night a work "
"is laying in bed watching tv and looking at houses  we have three dresses bought and the fabric for two more, (flower girls dresses are in the making)  waiting on malachi melton to get off work so we can talk  been a rough night   could really use a laugh  love you baby cant wait to talk tonight  mwah!"
"lay all your troubles down, i am with you now   i'm here for the hard times, the straight to your heart times, when the living ain't easy, you can stand up agianst me, whatever may fall on you   call on me   "
"a relationship is like a <propfemale>  how long it lasts, no one knows  love can erase an awful past, love can be yours, you'll see at last  to feel that love, it makes you sigh  to have it leave, you'd rather die  you hope you've found that special <propfemale>, cause you love and care for the one you choose  - <propmale> cella"
"203 days left!!! hope it flys by    can't wait till it gets here  love you malachi melton  can't wait to be with you  to start our new lives together  get out on our own and enjoy a new fresh start at life together  until then working to get the money for the big day, and then the big move! so excited to be out there!!!!!! love you baby mwah!!!"
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world missing their family\while you’re at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this,military members all over the world are not only saving lives,but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military   appreciation week  re-post this if you are in the military,love a    military member,hold memories of a fallen hero or appreciate the military "
"best moment of the night  c'airah was playing with her pull up and a <propfemale>  some how the pull up ended up on her arm  one little distraction from what she was doing  turns and looks at me and says, \where's my pull up\""  lmao she is so adorable """
has the most amazingfiance ever     enuf said!  wink   smile  love you baby
"what to say what to say      interesting night at work       sorry <propfemale> murphy for the ham and sauce, sorry <propfirst> <propfemale> for scaring the daylights out of you  but it made for a good laugh     cant wait to close with you guys again    who knows what is going to happen next   "
"i feel like i'm in high school again  counting down the days till graduation    only my countdown now is so much better  193 days and i'm married  193 days and i will have a new part of family  193 days and i can call him mine for good  well baby, in case you have not figured it out, 193 days till our wedding  lol love you malachi melton  mwah!"
for some reason i feel a long night coming my way                                        
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr                                 i need some decent sleep                              these dreams just need to go away                       
"hungry i come, to you for i know you satisfy  i am empty, but i know your love does not run dry  so i wait for you, so i wait for you  and i'm falling on my knees, offering all of me  jesus your all this heart is living for  broken i run, for you arms are open wide "
"who knows me best? my full name, age, birthday, eye color, bestfriend, nickname, and favorite color  copy to your status and see who knows you best     doesnt count if ur related to me!! lol"
is suffering        
"really? really? what is this world coming to? how can someone do that to someone they love? its called praying people  pray about all problems you have and answers will be given  thanks, thanks alot for breaking so many hearts  i knew you were not meant to be in this kinda family "
"wow, bad day gone worse          sorry i said anything     "
"if i die young, bury me in satin  lay me down on a bed of roses  sink me in the river at <propfemale>  send me away with the words of a love song                         "
is still losing it    20 more and i will be happy with it    only now to keep it going      hopefully it will come off soon so i can go get my wedding dress    so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 182 days baby!!!!!!!!!!! love you so much malachi melton
feels like soon it will all be nothing but history         sad 
loves it when people calls her a smart ass or a dork   makes me know that my job is being completed! 8-)
just wants to take a <propfemale>  to re<propfemale>d my wonderful fiance malachi melton how much i love him and care for him  he is the best thing that has ever happend in my life  i'm so glad you came into my life sweetie  you mean the world to me  keep thy head held high for we will be together soon  i love you so much! mwah!!!!!!!!
"just gona stand there and watch me burn, that's alright cause i like the way it hurts  just gona stand there and hear me cry, that's alright cause i love the way you lie, i love the way you lie  i cant tell you what it really is  i can only tell you what it feels like  and right now its a steel knife in my windpipe  i cant breathe but i still fight for what i can fight   "
wants to go counrty cruzin right about now                                    ugh                 
so            when i do it its a big deal      but when you do it its okay? wtf???????? try and get some sleep tonight        we will see what happens                      
who knows me? i bet there is only one person who can answer all these questions   full name:______ age:___ birthday:______ eye color:______ nickname:________ bestfriend:______ fav color:_______ fav food:_______ fave person:_______ fav thing to do:________    post this to your wall and see who knows you 
is sick of it      i dont even know who you are anymore         what has gotten into you?                    why does it feel this way?                         i just want to pull my hair out and scream                               ugh                               
"when things seem to be going wrong, dont let your head fall down  for you are showing the world that satin is getting the best of you  hold your head high for you know that god is getting you through everything  so the world that even in hard times he is with you, and nothing can bring you down "
"it is not a question of god allowing or not allowing things to happen  it is part of living  some things we do to ourselves, other things we do to each other  our father knows about every bird which falls to the ground, but he does not always prevent it from falling  our response to what happens is more important than what happens "
"alone in this house again tonight, i got the tv on, the sound turned down and a bottle of wine  there is pictures of me and you on the walls around me        i've never been the kind to let my feelings show  i thought that being strong meant never losing self control  but im just drunk enough to let go of my pain, to hell with my pride, let it fall like rain from my eyes  tonight i wanna cry "
"get to work and told i can't clock in on time  on our champs checks, somebody left a commet about me and i have no idea who they are  then this old guy comes in and knows my entire life story and what im doing with my life  then tells me how lucky malachi melton is for marrying to most gorgeous woman alive  next comes a smashed finger  and to top it all off i dumped the mop water all over the floor "
what a day                       ergh               certain people need to just leave me the flip alone       how did you get my number anyways? hopefully tonight goes a little better than my day went       
thinks tonight is going to be an early night    
"okay, this is getting really out of hand  i'm tired of playing games  lose my number and just get me out of your life  i'm getting married and your not getting pictures  what part of that dont you understand? just leave me alone  for good  not just till you see me at work or you somehow get my number and act like everything is okay then cause i have to talk to you while im on the clock    urgh    "
is even more unconditionally in love with <propfirst> <propfemale>  smile   surprise   smile   wink 
is this really going to be it? today i say my final goodbye to you? i loved having you around for the last 15 years  man this is going to be hard     bubba its for the best    i love you so much   
"well, everything is almost packed away      fixing to start moving stuff around       gosh moving day seems so much farther away not that im prepared for it     "
"i have alot i need to say, and alot i want to say    just one problem    idk when to say it, or even how to say it for that matter     "
"if i had a single flower for every time i think about you, i could walk forever in my garden   ~claudia ghandi i love you malachi melton"
"what a day, what a day     my eyes hurt, heart aches,got you upset with me, floors almost cleaned, sweat drippin like the tears from my eyes    hopefully i can turn this day around    r i p  bubba  you will be greatly missed  you are better off now    no more suffering    "
surgery went fine  big <propmale> he will get to go home later on today if he gets up and walks around  he had to get his appendix removed about two this morning (his time) four time in kansas  he is in recovery room now and will be moved once he wakes up  the more he walks around the faster he gets to go home 
wishes so badly she was in arizona right now  it hurts knowing he is in pain and there is nothing i can do to help him  hope he heals fast  i love you so much malachi melton hope you get better soon baby  miss you like crazy     
so laying here in bed toinght i finally realized something     the noise i keep hearing thinking its bubba trying to get up    well its really my celing fan         bubba has been gone almost a week now and i still cant stop thinking about him  sad  this is really hard     
thinking about some of the things going on in life right now     its really hard dealing with it all         i feel as if im invisible     
"how great is our god? sing with me how great is our god, and all will sing, how great, how great is our go  (oh and fyi, my cell phone was shut off, so if you need to get ahold of me contact me on facebook or house phone )"
"this is my temporary home, not where i belong  windows and rooms like im passing through  this is just a stop on the way to where im going     "
is in need of prayer      
"so glad that facebook is the way we all communicate  a phone call never hurts here and there      ugh         love finding things going on, on facebook it really helps me feel the love       "
has the best fiance ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you malachi melton
is having a horrible night dealing with this stupid technology    all i <propfemale> to do is see malachi and let him see me    but as its turning out that is to much for this dam computer to let me do       urgh          what a night its turning out to be       fml     
"i love my airman malachi melton so very much! he is always there for me  no matter what time of day or night  for that i'm very thankful  god has blessed me with the worlds greatest man  there is nearly nothing more that i could ever ask for  except the saftey of him, and all other military men and women  thank you guys for all you do!"
appears to have alot on her mind tonight        i dont understand some things going on    is this just a once in a lifetime thing? will it happen again? its confusing me really really bad  how do i take this in   oh well i guess  at least i know i will always have malachi  and im 100% sure on that one  smile  love you baby!
has a bunch of books to get rid of before february  if you are intrested in looking through them and seeing what all i got just let me know  would like to make a little bit of money out of them to help with the move and new married life  but like i said if interested get ahold of me 
people please pray for <propfirst> <propfirst> heslop  he was recently life flighted to wichita for a head fracture  he was playing around with some friends and somehow hit his head  please pray for him!!!!!
"is at a loss of feeling, thoughts, and words     idk what to think about all this       it feels so unreal           what is going on?                                                            "
"<propfirst>, you were a great class mate  someone who was always there to talk to  you helped me out when i came back to humboldt our freshman year  r i p  you are with our lord now  we will all see you some day "
ugh                                                
the male population n the family is finally starting to grow!!!! congratulations to my sisters!
this sucks rather much         i'm going to go insane                
today is the day that you are being layed to rest  let us not mourn your leaving us  for you are in a better place now  one day we will all be with you again  rip <propfirst>       no one will ever forget you 
just got in trouble by the doctor     some things have to change    o how hard this going to be    please work with me for i am doing the best that i can  have faith in me and pray that i can make things work out how they are supposed to be      
                                                                                                                               no words can even begin to describe how i feel right now                                                                                                                                         
i feel so tired but dont think i will be able to sleep well tonight                                                                
"a veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check payable to the usa for an amount up to and including their life  that is beyond honor and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran, know a veteran, love a veteran or support the troops"
this s going to be a long night      got a lot of stuff on my mind      with <propfirst>'s wedding just hours away i dont know how my day is going to go       i wish i was in arizona      i want nothing more than to be with malachi right now      only he can help me with the problems im going though       i have got to get this fixed      
hopefully all the degreaser is out of my eye        starting to get a headache now    time will tell      
thinks we need to have a looooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng talk                                      
"happy thanksgiving to all  hope you all had a good one  i spent most of mine in bed      had a little turkey but not much     slept alot today and ready for bed, after i finish talking to malachi  smile "
13 days   
"whenever you find the time, call me  i might answer  whenever your bored, text me  i may have time to text back    "
is thinking its about bed time    
"thinks this is awesome  8 days to go and i get to be with malachi again  only thing is, is that im already having problems sleeing because im to excited  trying to get as much packed as i can  but i know there is going to be something i forget  o well there are many wal-marts out there  surely i can convince him to take me to one of them  wink "
"put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a ku fan ( malachi melton ) being a jayhawk fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for being a jayhawk fan and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of ksu fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy and paste, as well as tie our shoes! eat 'em up, eat 'em up k-s-u! go state!"
"getting tired of the head games, and lies      tell me the truth the first time      its going to make things much easier in the long run     "
some things will never change           
i wish i had the remote from the movie click          
six days and im gone    hopefully everything goes as planned and we get a place to live    would be so amazing to just get away from all the stupid things this town brings into my life     ready to live my happy life with malachi melton and start everything all over again     
got alot of stuff today      waiting for <propfemale> to get home so i can bring it all inside        hopefully i can find the room in my bedroom to store it all       then again though i dont want to look at it all the time    might be tempted to use it       hoping things turn around for my evening     if not its going to be a long night              
"its going to be a long long long day       doctor in an hour, work at three, finishing up on my packing  <propfemale> having baby boy today  i leave really early in the morning  not feeling the greatest  still really nervous about flying  ugh so much to do in so little time!"
less than six hoours to go      i can feel my stomach twisting    nervous as heck    
is waitn on him to come home  starting to feel better  its warmer here than n kansas but its still kinda cold  went roaming around last night with malachi and determind that i don't feel safe driving and i will get lost so fast out here 
"i may not be the most beautiful girl or the sexiest girl nor do i have the perfect body  i might not be everyone's first choice, but i am a good one  i do not pretend to be someone i'm not, because i am good at being me  i might not be proud of some of the things in my past, but i am proud of who i am today! so take me    as i am  or watch me as i walk away! re-post if you are proud of being you smile "
tears have already started pouring out  this really sucks  the time out here was wonderful  met some really cool people  had alot of fun with malachi  so not ready to say goodbye tomorrow though       its going to be harder than it was in june                         
thinks its funny how some people are heart broken by going a few hours or a couple days without seeing their loved ones      why dont you suck it up and live in someone elses shoes for awhile  i'm so sick of hearing about it    you really have no idea what its like to miss someone                     
why?                         
"looking back through all the pictures, i love everything i had, and still have today  all the smiles and laughs shared  can't wait to see what the future holds, and how many more smiles are left to come  how many more hours of laughter are yet to come  the fun dates we have  baby i hope you know how much i love and miss you "
is having computer problems                   
is thinking i dont know how much more i can take      
this is getting better and better by the second           fmfl       
its whatever              rough day       back is killing me              thinking its time to relax a little      
another rough night at work     i think that i just need to curl up in a ball and stay in bed      maybe that would solve all the problems                
"stress, stress, stress     what is a little more? what could it hurt? so much stuff to do, but yet so little time to have it all done by        "
19 days              sad 
"dogs are going nuts tonight       with everything that has been goin on, i'm almost afraid to go outside     "
31 days exactly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and the bet is on      who will win? malachi melton  has to run 100 <propmale> by the time we get married  who thinks he can do that? or do that plus more? lets see what this little runner has left in him  and to spice it up a bit i will also throw in my smoking habit to be stopped cold turkey the day he comes back for the wedding if he has 80+ <propmale> under his belt  let me know who u think will win!!!!
"stress, stress, stress, stress, stress            "
champagne
thinking bed sounds good     to bad i can't sleep          
three hours now and it seems like i am gettin no where      guess its not going to happen tonight        try and sleep i guess       dont have much else i can do        heart-broken 
little einsteins is totally on at 3 in the morning!!!!!!!!!!!! how many kids r awake rite now to watch it?
looks like dad and i are going to go to joplin on the snow and ice 
what a day what a day  tomorrow get to spend some more time at verizon  and at some point baby mallouri will be here!!!!!!!!!!!!
red shirt friday!
for some reason i keep getting poked by malachi 
"what a day, what a day  i love you brother! take care and be safe  i'll be waiting for your return"
"in two weeks today, i will be starting my own new life in arizona with the worlds greatest man  i'm so excited to be married to him  he means the world to me  i love him so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"wow, tomorrow is my last night already  time is really flying by  so cant wait to get married  almost a week away  malachi will be back home soon! less than two weeks and i'll be living in arizona  going to be a big change life  but i'm ready for the challenge god has put before malachi and i  can't wait to see where life takes us!!"
time sure has flown   
last night as a single woman! time has really flown by  i love you malachi <propfirst> melton! cant wait to see where life takes us
"thanks everyone, today was amazing! everything went very well  glad to finally be mrs  melton  now after this long day, time to get to bed so we are well rested for the move!"
so far i love it out here  beautiful weather and nice area  i have pictures of the apartment that i will get up later on today if everything goes as planned  i love my husband so much he has been amazing during this move 
there are some things that i will just never understand              love all my family back home and my wonderful husband!!!!!!!!!!
"it felt great getting to talk to my family today  i miss them so much, and love them even more"
had a decent day today  got to talk to family back home and share some good laughs  it was wonderful getting to see my nieces as well  got alot done around the house as well  now for a nice relaxing night with my wonderfully awesome husband 
i love my brother so much  i pray for a safe journey for you <propfirst>  come home safe  be careful over there     miss you already     
"hey! village idiots picketing fallen soldiers funerals      yeah, i'm talking to you! do you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are trashing, gave his life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity !!!!!!!\feel free to copy and post, i did because i wasn't afraid to "
"going out with the wonderful hubby tonight  we going to spend some quality time togther, then get a good night's rest "
"had a wonderful night out again with my hubby  dinner with <propmale> and <propfemale> at <propfemale> garden, then out to movie again  watched battle la in d-box, not a big fan of the moving seats when i get motion sick  all in all wonderful night with the most amazing man in my life  i love you malachi melton"
<propfirst> is here  cant wait till i get to meet the little fella  congrats <propfemale> and <propfirst>  i'm looking forward to coming home to see you guys and the latest addition to the family!!!! love you guys!
"the house smells so freaking good right now        i dont want to leave, close all doors and windows and lock myself in the house for the rest of the night "
"i have tattoos, so i'm a trouble maker i have curves, so i'm fat if i wear makeup, i'm fake if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry some times,i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled  so what, go ahead and label me, see if i care ! re-post if you're proud of who you are   ?"
at about 5:45 this morning it was starting to rain  lets hope that it keeps it up for the rest of the day! really do miss me some kansas weather 
it's going to be one of those days      
"i think we have figured out that i watch to much ncis, csi ny, csi miami, bones, and criminal minds        i think i'm going to change my <propmale> to be a lawyer      husband even agrees with me  smile "
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all! my generation grew up reciting this every morning in school with my hand on my heart  they no longer do that for fear of offending someone! let's see how many <propfemale>ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone"
"cleaning house this afternoon so that i can spend another amazing night with the husband  going to play some scrabble, may watch some movies at the house, and who knows what else we will come up with to do  going to be an awesome night yet again "
never under estimate the power in someone  it will come around and bite you in the @$$  lesson learned <propfemale>?
ready for the hubby to be home from work already 
i kicked my mobile phone on your car because i'm awesome
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come\home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please re-post in their honor"
"feeling pretty bored right now   thinking i need to play some cod to pass the time away  only about 8 hours till the hubby gets to come home      so ready to either have my car back, or get a new vehicle    i need a job badly!"
"doesn't make sense, does it? homeless in the us go without eating  elderly in the us go without needed medicines  mentally ill in the us go without treatment  american troops go without proper equipment  american veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%"
"just got done taking care of my wonderful husband  idk if he likes me coaching him for his pt test  i make him do more than he thinks he can  o well, it won't kill him only make him stronger  i love him so much and would do anything and everything for him!"
rather excited about tomorrow  going to help feed the homeless with the hubby and a sgt from <propmale> afb  then after that me and the hubby are going to the mall to spend some time together! so looking forward to it 
had an amazing day yesterday  kicked off the day by helping feed the homeless and poor  its always a good feeling to help out the community  after that a trip to the mall to spend some well needed one on one time with the hubby  then we came home to a nice relaxing evening watching movies and playing video games  god is so good!! thank you for everything baby  i love you!
