814f81999c2ac73ff65a2ebb5bd37908
i don't understand       
sleepy and cold  sad 
i hate christmas!
getting people arrested is fun     yay! lmao
two whole days in a row yippy
yay two days off in a row again whoot whoot
i hate the snow  sad  sniffles
blah
watching sparticus: blood and sand  freakin awsome!  smile 
"\they voluntered to be the first humans ace wrapped by martians!\"""""
i'm off yayayayayay!!!!!!!!!!!1
my head will not stop hurting urrg  sad 
i think i'm allergic to work  i get a head ache everyday i've gone this week weird 
"how i love thee, cinemax  you play jaws jurassic park and feast to entertain me  yay"
just watched the most freakin awsome episode yet of sparticus blood and sand
my head wont stop hurting  sad  sinuses suck!
cause i'm a thinker     taps <propfemale> with idenx finger with miniachle wink   wink 
i hate when you call a company get a machine for thirty minutes then they transfer you to a forigner who speaks bad english!
<propfemale> in wonderland was awsome!
"alone in the dark, evil wil find you     ooo      oooo  oooooo a song from the chartoon <propfemale> ( i didn't spell cartoon wrong that's how my nephew says it)"
why will farmville not let me send gifts?
so you know what's really sad? i so         just got why duece bigalo's first name is duce lmao 
wtf is up with farmville? your game is out of sync please refresh your browser? you suck get a life and stop playing farmville is more like it! grrrr
just saw the season finale of sparticus! freakin awsome!
my head hurts!!!!!
happy cinco de mayo! hahahaha i don't have to work on a beer holiday woopy!
i need 3 bottles and 6 boards to finish my nursery barn! please help  sad 
"i have a new slogan for the food city bilboard shayrn you man know what it says \\arbeit macht frei\"" if you want a quick history fact ask what it means """
my tootsies hurt  sad  sniffles 
i hate being sick! i think i may die  sad 
i can eat solid food without my tummy stabbing me hip hip horay!
"goto\your profile <propfemale> and scroll all theway down to the bottom  on the bottom\left corner in little blueletters, click \english\"" when the language\",814f81999c2ac73ff65a2ebb5bd37908,"sometimes you have to reach for your safe zone, or happy place, when i moved out and was at home alone in my apartment i found my happy place  when i couldn't sleep at night i would go lay on the couch and put in my favorite dvd it made me feel safe     is it a bad thing that that movie happens to be resident evil: apocolypse?"
i  love  encore! there's a jaws marathon on for the 4th of july yippee!
woot woot for jurassic fight club!
my head hurts  sad  but yay for ghost hunters  smile 
vacation vacation how i have missed you! frontierville peeps i need help! i need everything to build a school and i need to be hired by two people so i can get some tools   smile  thanks
thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!!
frontierville peeps! i need help! i need 3 ribbons and everything to finish building an inn please and thank you!  smile 
frontierville people help! i really need a welcome mat and stuff to finish my inn  hammers paint drills nails the works thanks!
i love days off
dinner for schmucks was freakin halarious!
frontierville people i need 4 more everything but bricks!
my head won't stop hurting  sad  but i do get to see some sexy vampires tonight yes!
i got a nap today omg    i haven't actually slept since yesterday at 730 though so does it really count as a nap cause it was only like 4 hrs tops?
my car broke sad         again!
got my car from the dr today spent 225 on a radiator but at least it runs now  smile 
resident evil was awsome
i hate being sick ehhhh!
r i p little altima  crying 
april can you plant me some sunflowers in frontiersville or someone cause i need to harvest 5 and unwither one 
so tired night!
orderly: \dr  seward mcmanis over in the west wing is having a coniption fit again  \,814f81999c2ac73ff65a2ebb5bd37908,have i ever mentioned how very much i  love  ghost shows?!
"frontierville peeps: i'm trying to finish a chicken coop, the lodge, and the toll booth  i could really really use any building materials for any of those please please please!  smile "
yay for thunder storms i  love  you!
i'm actually sleepy before 6am? must be the rain yawn 
how do you know your old        when your excited about being off on halloween so you can stay in and watch ghost hunters live 
baroooooo! it's cold in here!
hello frontierville neighbors  smile  i need three people to hire me on their frontiers and post share tools please so i can get some tools
have i told you lately that          i love me some pixie stix!
had to call the cops to take a 12 year old runaway boy home  fun times at the fc 
i need 5 people to come tend to my frontier please  smile 
<propmale> potter here we come! well in like an hour yay!
if your on and play frontirville i need three more rodeo hats and chaps i only have 54 minutes! please help!  smile 
i love thanksgiving food! yummy!
saw burlesque tonight it was awsome
baroooooo! its freakin cold!
"it is not the apocolypse people! even if it was milk, bread, and beer will not help you!!! please stop coming to the grocery store!"
i cleaned my room yesterday  very industrious of me  smile 
"?????????????? ????? ?????????????????\it's nieces week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!"
so i had my eyes checked today    reading and computer glasses because i look at them too much  least i'm not going blind yay!
"\we got cows     nother cow \"" \""actually i think that was the same one \"" \""julia i got to go we got cows!\"" god i love this movie!"""
"finally awake after nine hours of sleep, but still in a little pain   sad  watching jaws to cheer up "
old dogs is the most halarious movie ever!
omg i so just saw a food city on a documentary about the a year in the life of this red neck couple they got married in the floral department by the pharmacist lol
before sponge <propmale> there was roco's modern life about a wallaby and a cow and a turtle possibly god i love this show     it quotes awsome things such as soylent green lol it's great stuff!
