f068ac791bd7952e193e7e3728488de1
it was 2010 for me before it was 2010 for you!
more laundry!  damnit my wife needs to get here already   i didn't get married to do my own laundry   what the bloody hell?
my wife should fly in tonight   i can't wait to see my family 
<propfirst> needs surgery for a hernia 
in the desert missing the family  sad 
i just finished running 13 5 <propmale> on the elliptical at the gym!
"4 days, 51 <propmale>     elliptical challenge rocks!!!"
"happy thanksgiving from camp as sayliyah, qatar "
i just want to thank the bryndas for providing me with the opportunity to have a sausage fest here in the desert   thank you for the hickory farms   you guys rock!
"<propfemale> christmas from doha, qatar "
"i talked with leiya yesterday and before i got off of the phone with her she said, \i want my daddy were home with me\""   i really miss her """
"i had a dream last night that i came home   my grandpa was there and with an unforgettable, loving smile he told me he loved me and then died in my arms   he passed away several years ago while i was in sc, but this dream was amazing "
"married 3 and 1 2 years, we've been together for 7 years   <propfirst>, thank you for being my starter-wife   just kidding   i love you long time "
leaving on a jet plane   i hope volcanic ash don't stop my plane!
<propfemale> jam in berlin!!!  gonna be awesome!!!
<propfemale> jam was awesome!  they played for over 2 hours!
"i am now in maastricht, which is in the netherlands!  i love my job!"
"new phrase for the masses \\getting gayed - the action of inadvertently witnessing a homosexual activity or something that could be construed as homosexual in nature \\example annoyed i just saw two dudes on a moped   man, i just got gayed \\p s  - witnessing two chicks doing something is not getting gayed, that's just awesome "
back in germany 
"istanbul was constantinople\now it's istanbul, not constantinople\been a long time gone, constantinople\now it's turkish delight on a moonlit night\\i'm in turkey     this seemed appropriate "
i made the <propfirst>'s list
"i've been streaming music, tv shows, and movies through my ps3 for quite some time  i just figured out how to stream internet radio  woot!"
up the stairs   down the stairs   up   down   tired of this 
germany clothes dryers sound like airplanes  i think my house is about to lift off of the ground 
cup o'noodles   so bad they put it in a styrofoam cup 
"\like\"" my status and i'll tell you: \",f068ac791bd7952e193e7e372848 laugh e1,"i didn't buy <propfemale> for the trick-or-treaters, who, interestingly enough, were all <propmale>   i didn't think i would have any to be honest   needless to say, i am out of granola bars   i will definitely be buying groceries tomorrow "
"so the other night my wife calls and wakes me up   when i answered the phone i told her, \java allows it \""  i think this programming class is getting to me """
i was supposed to meet some friends for dinner and i fell asleep   sorry guys 
grey goose vodka martini   delicious!
"a veteran is someone, who at one point in their life, wrote a blank check payable to the united states of <propfemale> for an amount up to, and including, their life  that is beyond honor, and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact  copy and paste this as your status if you are a veteran or thankful for your <propfemale>n veterans and people in service "
so i rocked out a 94% in my intermediate java programming class   i'm still waiting on the grade for my other class   if i get an a in that class i will be done with 80 credits of school work and still have a 4 0 gpa   not too bad for a c average high school student 
got the a i was looking for 80 credits down 40 to go   come on suma cum laude!!
so i want to go see the bears play when i am home during the holidays and ran across a scam artist   i have gleefully been stringing him along   suggestions will be considered and applied if worthy   here's what we have so far:
i can't wait for the bears-vikes game!  i'll be there   monday night football!  go bears!!!
i want to put water in a fancy jar and sell it as cologne perfume   i will call it scentsless!
the game was too close but a wins a win   go bears!!!
rocked out an 86 7 on the pt test 
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please repost in their honor"
"sunday i leave germany for a little holiday vacation   monday i will be in minneapolis for an outside monday night football game   wednesday, will be chicago museum day   portland on the 28th, jacksonville on the 29th, and miami for new year's <propfemale>   i'm starting to feel like <propmale> griswold"
see you by the end of the day   smile 
"flight slipped 24 hours   still in space a hell   also, i'm like number 130ish on the priority list   fml!!!  maybe i'll get there by christmas   sad "
let's go bears!!!
well after a truly disappointing week   off to bed 
