829d8dd66024c6ca3496147c6631734f
im thinking about tomorrows races  smile 
thinking about going to sleep in the guest bed
worried bout dance tryouts     growl   
i love you <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have had such a great day!!!
i happy i spendin time with my sweet heart      smile 
i didnt make the dance team   sad  fml
just thinking bout christmas and <propfirst>  smile 
im so glad my baby is back in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just stressed with family life    grrr       
rip my baby lanky died around noon in my arms today  i cry everytime i think about him  spring break hasn't been good yet  tears 
is hoping <propfirst> will come see her today  hmm    
is tired and uberly ticked off  growl 
is going to try to get somee sleep tonight but her boxer is trying to push her outta bed  again 
my poor puppy is sick again sad 
cleaning  smile 
life    sigh 
he confuses me  when its just us he says he misses me and thinks about me all the time but when someone else is around he gets an arrogant attitude and brushes me off  oh well  i am no puppet and refuse to be his little yo-yo  i am no longer interested in dating 
im bored and wanting to do something tonight!!!
(screaming and punching random shit)
i am    hell i dont know what i am or what to do now         
screw my life 
im shaking so bad  im crying so hard its hard to type  this is so hard  i hate this  i hate this so much  im gone right now  i gotta lleave  im going crazy 
i feel better now  well    a little bit
i want  to go to sleep  but the memories of him plague my dreams  so im scared to close my eyes for fear of feeling his arms around me where i was happiest in my life  i dont like waking up cryingor screaming his name  it jst makes the pain wrse when i realize he really is gone 
hmm  its almost time to go to bed  tears  goodnight
screw trying!! its all so f-n hopeless!!!!!
mmmmm         steak dinner  smile  yummy  then for desert  homemade from scratch lemon marangue(however you spell that!!!) pie!!!! whoop whoop!!! hotwheels  beat that!!!!!
just finished a burger   smile  it wasgood  i wonder how im <propfemale> skinny if i eat <propfemale> much!!!! its crazy!! lol nite nite ppl!! the world slowly gets better for everyone  you just have to hold on until then   smile 
alright night owls i going to bed!! dont let the bed bugs bite!!
just got done mentally exhausting my self  emotionally as well  a good rest is well needed now  i hear my bed calling *yawn*stretch* g'nite yawl
tired fixing to hit the sack  wish i could sleep in  till like 3      or maybe 4  lol wishes!!!
im tired      growlll 
i hurt all over  i played some football and ninja today  slid down a ditch cut the hell outta my leg  several places  ripped my nail fromthe quick!! and cut myself with a huge ass knife  it was dripping blood and it wouldnt stop!! i just laughed while everyone was flippin out asking if i needed to go to the hospital  i am sooo backwards  lol
oh and i got hit three times in the head  growl  you know who you are!!! watermelon!!! lol  smile 
my snake scared me  he got stuck in the cabinet and dishwasher when i was getting ccoffee  growl  i waas flippin out!! lol
layin around watchin lord of the rings  smile 
my biggest snake is finally shedding!!!!!! whoop whoop!!!!!
they say love makes you crazy  smile  i must be iinsane
happyness   smile  im so happy in my life
loves being with a guy that spends time with her and treats her like an equal  love 
dumb bitches that cant mind their own business piss me off <propfemale> bad  but its okay they just stick their noses in other's lives cause their's are so unfullfilling  i pity them 
just got back from <propmale>'s  and i am kow eating dinner  smile  yummm
my snakes are pissin me off  they wont freaking eat!!! growl  so difficult 
dad be getting home tonight  ag     shoot me in the face now  it'll be fun when he gets caught up om all the stuff thats happened within the llast month  yay!!! (soaked in sarcasm) lol
i hope i can get away and just <propfemale> with <propmale> tomorrow  smile  that would be a good day  smile 
just got home from my baby boy's house!!  smile  its been a great day!!  smile  maybe we can <propfemale> out again tomorrow  smile  hope so!!!
i dont wanna do my french project right now!!! im bored!!
check out my new pictures!! comment please!! life is good  but now  its time for bed    peace out bitches!!
i'm in one of those ocd cleaning moods again  pretty much cleaaned half the house so far lol
my snake baby just spilt an entire cup of coffee on my lap  growll darn snake     smile   love 
gotta get off now   sad  moms in a mood
whew     wiped out from a long day of shopping for the dress i'll wear to the balll  found it  on accident!! lol i took some pictures but im still debating on posting them up lol maybe if ppl tell me to i will  lol night guys  smile 
sigh  stupid homework    need to go do chores but i dont wanna do anything but go see my man  growl  weekends never work out!!!
just got back from an amazing game of tennis  smile  im sooo tired now
alright im going to bed  growll    school tomorrow   sad  i dont wanna go!!!!!
hope for my weekend!! i want cup cakes and my boy <propmale>!!!
and snow cones!! whoop whoop!!
bored    stayed up too late last night 
been playin computer all day  beat a ggame and about half way through another one!! whoop whoop!!!
lust messin around  bored  lol still   smile  life is good
just messin around the house  life is good  my boyfriend is <propfemale> freaking sweet!!
is layin in bed and can smell  her mans cologne  mmm    so comforting   smile 
my baby fell asleep textin me  so ii going to sleep  smile  nite nite
is pissed at her mother  she hates it when ppl break promises  growlll 
i'm so friggin bored 
the dance last night was absolutely amazing!!! i had so much fun!!  smile 
im <propfemale> tired     i might go back to sleep  smile  until <propmale> gets here  smile 
dont ya hate those psycho ex boyfriends that just wont leave you alone?
dam    i dont wanna go to school tomorrow   i hate the drama 
mmm    sugar stop's pina colada snow cones    yummy!!!
fixin to go to my best buddies house for the night  smile  whoop whoop fun!!!
my dad's going back to canada tonight!! yay!!! still depressed though    life sucks  again 
depression hurts  i hate that commercial  makes me feel ten times worse  growl  im ready to just go to sleep and not waake up  for awhile at least 
today sucks <propfemale> bad     im tired and just woke up on the wrong side of the bed  grr   
i just hears about maddison  my entire family is crying  my brrother loved her and planned to be her boy friend when she got better 
's life is a- freaking- mazing right now  smile  i  love  life!!
my day started out amazing    then once ppl seen i was happy its like they needed to pick at everything!! way to ruin my day bitches!!! growl  stupid math test made crap worse then the bitch assistant principal took my dam phone!! so to say at the very least i had an interesting day  stupid ppl and drama piss me off   laugh 
i can't wait till school ends tomorrow  smile  i gotta find a present for him tho    hmm    ill sleep on it  smile  nite nite owls! lol
<propmale>' birthday tomorrow!!! happy 18!!! hope you enjoy your big day tomorrow!!!  smile 
alright all knowing went to sleep and i guess i will too  nite ppl  smile  itll be a good day tomorrow  smile  cant wait  smile 
today start<propmale> out okay  got worse cause of drama and gettin the crap beat outta me in first    by 7th i was so happy to leave  life was good for like 3 hours  then everything went to crap  again  goin to <propmale>  maybe tomorrow will be better    i hope 
yesterday was amazing  smile  went to the monument with my buddie  smile  so much fun  smile  good times
is going to the astros game tomorrow with <propmale>!!! whoop whoop!!! itll be so fun!!!
alright ive finally convinced myself to go to bed lol big day tomorrow  smile  cant wait 
debatin on what to wear to the game today    sigh  closet full of clothes and nothing to wear  lol funny how that works   smile  still cant wait till its 11  smile 
the game was amazing even though we lost lol but my entire day was so fun!!! i loved every second!!!  smile 
just got back like an hour ago from chillin with <propmale> since school let out  smile  fun day  its been long    seems unreal  smile  life is amazing right now  (for me anyways) oh well im worn out going to bed to wake up and do the same again tomorrow!! mufasa mufasa mufasa!!!!!!! roflmao!!!
just got back fro graduation  smile  it was amazing!!! i went ridinghorses with <propmale> and <propfirst> earlier and went swimming in the pond lol it was sooo fun!!! oh well im worn out and ready for bed     night night
had an amazing girl time weekend planned out  that was cancelled so i went to the movies last night and earlier  letters to <propfemale>= amazing  must see and the killers= funny  i had fun today  workin on a welcome back thing for you know who      smile  cant wait till monday!!
i hope he is back in town by tomorrow  i miss him  feel weird cause he isnt here  sooo tired  <propfemale> notte sweet world  i kiss the stars ado!!
goodmorning!!!! the earth says hello!!!!!!!!! i think it'll be a good but boring day  smile   love 
anything new about <propfemale>??
dorito casserole for dinner!!!!  yummm i cant wait to chill and veg out!!! hahahaha i love summer!!! thanks <propfemale>!!!
mmm breakfast    cant wait   <propfemale> in wonderland is amazing!!! <propmale> is over and so is <propfemale>    this is going to be fun!!!!
he just left and its like he has no clue what i see in him or what he means to me  the movie was amazing though  we went to see shrek 3  it was pretty good  it was better because of who i was with  smile 
my chest hurts so bad i can barely breathe  imatry to sleep  but that haunting question proceeds to probe my mind  arg  cant a girl ever get a rest!!?? nite ppl 
mans at work and its too humid to goo outside     this sucks 
gotta get up early cause the water that floats my boat will be here pretty early  smile  cant wait to see mufasa  smile  hahahahaha goodnight night owls goodmorning early birds!!!!!!!
waitin on mufasa to get here itll be a great day  smile 
fixing to go run errands  smile  then tonight i get to spend time with <propmale> and my baby girl grace!! so excited  smile 
it seems the world doesnt want to eat at ihop with me this morning  wtf!!!
is chillin with <propmale>  smile  workin on a puzzle and debating getting ice cream  smile 
sherbert flavored kisses  smile  mmmmm
anyone know when choir trip is comin back from new york????
kfc and taco <propfemale>  smile  yummmy  smile 
belly full      sleepy  nite nite
breakfast with jucas and my family!! yay!!! yummy
midnight munchies  smile  frosted flakes  smile  yummy!!! nite people
goin swimmin!! yay!!
planned on a huge shopin trip today  that went out the window  cause she wont text me back!!! growl  now what should i do??  annoyed 
i wish murder was legal      
could ya'll please send me medicine for fishville!!! i need it or my fish will die!! please help me!!!  smile 
goin to the wave pool  smile  we'll see how it goes     smile 
im exhausted     ill sleep till noon  eat  then go right back to sleep  smile  yummy  sounds amazing  lol got some sun today  smile  i have a tan line!! mines not fake!!! lol
sooo bored      exhausted and dont know why  sigh    im hungry  i wanna be a billionaire so freakin bad!!!!!
"i think all that \5\"" and \""9\"" crap is a load of immature bullshit """
life      cupcakes are the shit!!!!!! yummy!!! so is <propfirst> splash v8  smile  yumm
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the             wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can "
i think im going to have a lazy day and lay in bed watching movies and vegging out 
i jut wrote a paragraph about my movie day then accidentally pushed a wrong button and erased it all  oh well go watch the movies yourselves  screw this im goin to bed
aight  hangin wit my sweetie tomorrow  im going to <propmale>  gotta stay on my toes with him  might decide to prank me or somethin lol night people
gotta lot to do before one
i think im goin to go to bed now  i dont know if ill sleep or if ill keep wakin up or just not wake up again  we'll see in the morning  goodnight
ooooo house cleanin day!! yay  what fun  gag   annoyed 
my world is being shaken like a snow globe right now  idk if its good or bad yet 
life is a whirlwind of randomness and surprises  smile  goodnight
what would everyone think about me movig to australia??
is seriously debating the pros and cons of moving to australia     help??
will know for sure aout australia in a few hours    im so sick i just wannna die right now  argg    i hate life at the moment 
anyone wanna get me a drink from starbucks??? will pay for gas!!!!
imm <propfemale> sick iwana die  this is bull shit  havent eaten in more than 24 hours cuz my throat is swollen shut  making it hard to breathe 
"slowly startin to feel better  slowly, eh  its constantly raining  it sucks  <propfemale> , moms goat, died  had to bury her today  in the rain  that was uberly depressing  i want food  and sleep "
aight peeps  meds are takin effect  im goin to bed  hope i actually get some sleep tonight 
going to work wit my stud colt spade  hope no one gets hurt again today  wish me luck!!
bored  sick at home  sad  sigh 
finally goin to the doctor today  hope the doc gives me somethin that will knock my ass out till im better 
"has never felt better in her life!!!!! no pain, i can finally eat!!! yay!!!"
hopin to go see my man's new place  smile 
is plannin on being a bum today  eating and watching movies in bed alll day is her plan   smile 
hypocrites really piss me off    dam i wanna hit a few bitches right now  so im going to bed before i hurt somethin 
any one want a kitten?? needs new home or ima feed it to my snake  any takers??
"my \father\"" screwed my f-ing computer again!!! arggg    i want to kill him so bad right now!!!"""
wanted to go get breakfast  so now mom is making me paw for it  grrr    food here i come!!!!
goin to <propfirst> in the box!!!!!
im going to try to go to sleep now     wish me luck  if not ill either read or get back on here lol  smile  night people
woke up  unloaded dishwasher  washed more dishes  made coffee  now i can sit on facebookand play my many games  smile 
house cleaning    ehh  life torture 
one of my puppies died early this morning  sad  his brother isthe only one left but he is doing better today 
"with friends like these, who needs enemies??"
is going to be on channel 2 news today!! stupid horse thiefs  i dare them to try it again cause if they do ima kill those mother fuckers 
i hope i dont fall off when the news crew is watchin    lol thatd be sooo embarressing  wish me luck!!!!!
been workin my butt off for a month now  smile  gettin toned up and danngg    i got muscles!!!!!!! lol
worked hard today    im <propfemale> friggin tired  be back up around 10    maybe 11    or 12  hahaha goodnight sweet world
done cleanin house for now    next on the long list of stuff to do    work outside on a million various things 
sooo     im goin shoppin  smile  then bathin dogs then watchin pillars of the earth at 9  smile  whoop!!
is grounded  so if your textin me i'm not ignoring you i just don't have a cell phone!!! lol sorry ppl!!
was remembering the past          breathe 
"yard and house work today, no complaints  looki forward to the work    it gives me time to think "
"going to see my best <propmale> nemo!!!  smile  i love ya girl, thanks for puttin up with all my crap!!! your an amazing friend!!!"
"had fun with nemo today  smile  it felt good to get out,  smile  but someone kept running through my mind today, i wander why  maybe thats a good sign  i hope so      well goodnight facebook "
"alrighty, im bored on facebook  ima go do somethin outside  toodles!!"
is thinkin about him alot today  smile 
alright goodnight ppl!
rip marlie raine  we will miss her fuzzy fat butt 
hope tomorrow will be a better day  smile  hopefully ill get to see my silly goose  smile  goodnight  love 
"is sittin in bed,  watchin the proposal, eating mashed potatoes and playin fanglies  smile  whoop whoop!!!"
waitin till 9 smile 0  grr    bored 
is going shoppin today with family  smile  hope i find some good deals!!! money money money!!!!!!
is confused   annoyed \
going for another day of shopping  part of me is like whoop!! and the other more dominant part wants to be alone to think for the rest of the day  idk what to think right now! grr 
misses her baby
goodnight everyone  lokin forward to seing my man tomorrow  smile 
my show comes on at 9  smile  whoop whoop!!! tonight= last party beore school starts!!!! hahaha
's braces are killing her 
don't worry i miss you alot  but those target practice sessions are going to make it so i don't miss you for very much longer
"going to bathe my dogs, <propfemale> and kodiak  smile  they rolled in something outside   annoyed \ grrrr     why do dogs do that??"
alright long day tomorrrow  goodnight ppl  smile 
season finale of pillars of the earth!!! tonight at 9!! i love that show!!! then my <propmale> is gunna come see me  smile  im so glad he is feelin better!
i want oreos            and brownies           with milk         and <propmale>   love 
hey guys party at my house at 4!!  everyones welcome!!
when your ex says    you will never find anyone like me    and you reply    god i sure hope not        lol thats so freakin true!!! i mean come on!! your an ex for a reason!!! hahaha
i had to get rid of my puppy today     annoyed \ i miss him!!! gr  wish i coulda kept him   sad  its depressing 
cant wait to see my baby today!! whoop whoop!!  smile  life is amazing  smile  and cupcakes are yummy  smile 
"ever look at your ex and just think, \was i drunk our whole relationship?\"""""
stupid french project    who cares about bookcovers?!?!?!?
"okay  wow  interesting day  went to sell fundraiser stuff today  easy right? ha no!!!! i did my best and sold alot, untangled a dog from his running chain so he could get up, i helped <propfemale> in groceries, and did other thigs for my buyers like catch a run away dog  for all this ya kbow what i get?!?!?!?! a freakin pitbull came after my white ass!!!!!!!"
"is planning an evil wake up call on one of her friends     smile  any ideas??  hahaha youtube baby here i come!!! hahaha \                                                                love  his sugar bear"
is missin her sugar bear     annoyed \  can't wait till wednesday   smile 
i feel like some one just slammed a ton of bricks into me   wtf have i done to deserve this?!?!
"well, they say you learn something everyday  i learned all guys are ass holes that lie and none are worth the heartbreak "
guys are dogs 
"got a new dragon!!! she is sooo  pretty!!! \\sweet prince-breathe"
memories are all i have left 
the past is past  move on 
is holding her new dragon  love  who needs a name    she is bright yellow  any ideas??
"hmmm life  smile  cant wait for tomorrow  smile  silently fearing friday  <propfemale> is doing great, she scratched my arm and chest to hell though  ehh oh well  smile "
eh    orthodontist appointment  fun fun  greenhand night tonight  smile  kinda nervous
going to the ffa shrimp fry  whoo hoo!!
just got home  smile  that was <propfemale> much fun!!
feels so       hopeless 
"is going to try to go to sleep, eh   too much is runnin through her head to relax and fall asleep "
"mmm        smile  good day, good day  smile "
this time baby i'll be bullet proof  smile 
"its sad when you can only reply \whatever\"" to me  it just shows how weak you are  pathetic """
its been a good day  smile  cant wait till tomorrow  smile 
facebook is being stupid  annoyed \ guess ill watch a movie instead  sigh
"is going shopping with her best friend, <propfemale> bidula  smile "
shoping with <propfemale> was amazing!!! spent like $200 hahaha  smile  and today i going to a snake show!! more money!!!!!! whoop whoop!!!!
lovin my new snake!!  smile  sakari is sooo sweet!!!  smile 
super busy busy busy!!!!
sooo  glad its not hot outside  smile 
this is stupid!!!! grrr!!! i hate all this drama and i hate ya'll stupid ppl!!
surprisingly my night was amazing  smile  midnight run to <propfirst> in the crack and a huge cheese burger hit the spot  smile  yumm yumm
well    school was ehh    it was school  got home and had the best 5 hours of my life  it was all ruined in one text message  so i am asking myself    what the fuck did i do to deserve this shitt?!?!? don't i deserve some form of happiness too??
mom is getting on my nerves    ugh!!!!!! oh well  just wrote half of the soon to be script for ffa  its time consuming but its amazing so far!!!!! whoop! hopefully the teacher approves of our sudden rebellion! lol
chillin today  smile  mmmm food  smile  sleep and no stressin  smile  it's all good
"can't sleep  i wanna talk to him, but he's not there  i remember those 3 hour midnight phone calls when we would fall asleep talkin to each other    i remember seeing him walking toward me in school and i got butterflies and a big smile on my face and i'd run to him and jump into his arms    where i belonged "
goodnight  smile  morning    whatever  smile 
tomorrow will definately be interesting  smile  hahaha you all know why  smile  whoop whoop!!
"everyperson has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only one: to get better  i know, that 97% will not post this as their status, be one of the 3% and put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it"
hmm      i have nothing to say 
welll    today was interesting  smile   smile  hahahaha
do you know how hard it is to pee while you have a 7 foot snake wrapped around your body?!?!?!?! well you know what? it is very very very  freakin hard!!! lol hahahahahahahahaaha
today was a good day : smile  alien face! haha mmm  smile  so happy
sigh    <propfemale> tired  smile  hmmm    what <propfemale> tale would you compare me to?? (its a project)
goodnight sweet world adieu until the light shines upon my face once more!
"i'm a bitch !!! amen!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm a handful, i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell       don't deserve me at my    best  if you're a bitch , repost! i dare you! i'll be looking for the ladies who repost!!!!!!!!"
goodnight ppl
goin to have some funn tonight with <propfemale>  smile  whoop!!! par-tayy!!!!!!!!
i had the best night ever   smile  i can't remember the last time i was that happy  smile 
my dad was just in a wreck 
im so happy!!!! <propfirst> makes me smile  smile  he is the best!!
thanks everyone!!!!! ya'll are <propfemale> sweet!!! thank yah!!!  smile  so far its the best  smile 
"i suffer with him, without him  wink  i cant wait to see my baby boy today after school  wink "
cant wait for school to get out cause that means i can go see <propfirst> =0 thinking  about going to the game    hmmm    maybe  idk yet  smile  hahaha life's all good!!
"going to see my baby  and i only have one thing to say to the people that aren't super happy about me and <propfirst>  ya'll should be happy for me cause im no longer depressed and i havent cried all week, i actually want to eat again and thats a miracle in itself  so if you care about me you'll accept that he isnt going anywhere!!! be happy for me and keep your negative comments to yourself!!!"
goodnight  smile  today was amazing  smile  tomorrow will be as well  smile 
damm ppl just keep on pissin me off!!!! i cant wait for <propfirst> to get here and make me happy  he  is the only one that keeps me sane here 
great afternoon with my babay  smile  he teats me so well!! i'm <propfemale> happy!!
looking forward to a great day  smile 
"i feel like white noise  unheard, ignored, invisible  in pain yet numb  i dont know what to think, i dont know what to do  grr   i wish <propfirst> comes and gets me soon "
"the best people in the world are part of my life, they are my friends and family  smile  i love you all!!! you've all been amazing to me thank you!!!!"
<propfirst> makes me the happiest girl in the world  smile  i'm so lucky to have such a great boyfriend!!! =*
just spent a wonderful day with <propfirst>  made a lot of memories together and laughed all day  smile  he's the best  smile 
? <propfirst> took me on a surprise date today  smile  he's the sweetest thing in the world and he treats me so well  smile  i'm so happy to have such an amazing boyfriend!!!!!  smile 
he neabs <propfemale> much to me ther is no ossuble way i could listen all the reasons in one paragraph!!!!!! hahaha  love  ya babe
"mmmmm!!!!! i can't wait to hit up my friends houses and eat!!!! i love thanksgiving!!!! whoop whoop!!!!! i love food!!!! and i love my family, friends and <propfirst>!!!! everyone have a great thanksgivin!!!"
oh my gosh! thanksgiving was amazing  smile   we ate then stayed up half the night playin games and nursin our drinks  smile  everyone just passed out here  smile  looking forward to another night of games  smile  i love my family and <propfirst>  smile   love 
life is absolutely amazing  smile  i've never been happier during the last few days  love  thank you  smile  (you know who you are!!)
"what can you do? better yet, what can't you do? pick up what the stars throw down "
is going to ride horses with <propfirst> whoop!!! this is going to be funn!!!  smile 
"ugh    just finished writing my sociology paper, <propfemale> happy its done!!! ya know what would make me happier?? <propfirst> coming to see me  smile  hehehe smile  which he is on his way now  smile  whoop!!! life is so great!!!"
"well, i knew something would go terribly wrong today  and it did  mom washed my robe  that had my phone in the pocket  fml upside down, on a bike, with a shovel "
"fixin to go get a new phone  not talking to <propfirst> is driving me crazy, i feel like part of me is missing  ugh!!! i need to talk to him!!!!"
new phone is headin this way in the mail  smile  whoop  smile  <propfirst> makes me so happy  smile  cant wait for family movie night tomorrow  smile 
got my new phone!!! it sings!!! hahahahaha <propfemale> cool  smile  i hope <propfirst> will come get me <propfemale>n  smile 
why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk??
"change\ ur profile pic to a cartoon from ur childhood  the goal? to not see a \single face on fb till mon  dec  6  join the fight against child abuse  \copy & paste to ur status to invite friends to do the same "
im emotionally exhausted  im sick of emotional roller coasters 
just ate some chocolate sprinkled donuts    still feel empty  hmmm  i wish he would talk to me 
why cam't anyone answer their phones?!?!?!?!?!
"had an amazing night with <propfirst>  smile  went  on a hay ride, listened to a jazz band (middle school performed), played at the park  smile  and had dinner with him and the family  smile  garsh i sure do love him and my family  smile "
"hmmm, i wonder what <propfirst> is gettin me for <propfirst>tmas      smile  cant wait too find out!!!!! whoop whoop!!!"
workin on  that dance for school    its funn  smile  but im still gettin the <propfemale> of it  lol <propfirst> is bringin me to vet science  smile  he is sooo sweet!!!  smile 
"going to <propfirst>' for dinner  smile  yumm can't wait to spend time with the family  smile \i love the people in my life!!!!!!!"
"had a good afternoon with <propfirst>,  smile  now i probably need to go to bed before it gets too much later   earlier i gues  ha ha well goodnight  smile  weet dreams everyone!!!"
<propfirst> brought me dinner  smile  yummy  smile  he is so sweet  smile  im super tired goodnight people!!!!
"if you have a wonderful man, who is your world   who isn't perfect but is\perfect for you  who works hard and would do anything for you    that\makes you laugh   who is your best friend   who you want to grow old\with  and who you are thankful for every day  then post this as your status "
"im <propfemale> friggin sick    i hate  the cold weather  why can't we have miracle medicine that keeps ppl from getting sick?!?!?!?!?! ugh, well bright side is <propfirst> taking care of me  smile  i'm so lucky to have such a loving, caring boyfriend  smile  i love you baby!!"
"today was fairly uneventful    midterms     ugh   stupid people    boom!!!! wish i could blow them up, get them out of the <propfirst> pool "
"food  smile  ugh, midterms are gayy!!!!!"
is waitin on her baby to get here  smile 
"going to get a xmas tree, brrr its too friggin cold!!!!! i hate winter  i've got the next two days planned out  annoyed  tomorrow i get to clean the boys room(nasty!!!!!!!!) and monday=christmas shopping with mom and <propfirst>   annoyed  great great great  how funn  and all is going to be without my man with me annoyed  that is the worst part  ='("
well plans are canceled  sad  <propfirst> can't come and watch movies with me today ='( sigh 
<propfirst> is here!!! we are going to make <propfirst>tmas cookies and watch <propfirst>tmas movies!!! i sure do love him!!!!
had an amazing day with my baby  smile  im <propfemale> glad he is startin to feel better  smile  i hate that he was sick  o well  hopefully we can <propfemale> out tomorrow  smile 
fixing to go to a christmas party with my mann and his family  smile  should be great  smile  and later tonight we will decorate our gingerbread house!!!! whoop!!! can't wait  smile 
"<propfirst> is the best boyfriend ever, his card was so sweet i cried!! ah  i sure do love him  wink  i love all my presents from him, including my amazingly fluffy and soft yummy smelling cuddly panda bear!!!! hope everyone had a great <propfirst>tmas like i did!!"
"felt the brush of death last night  it was too close for comfort  never leave your parents upset and hating them  i did, and i will never leave my mom without telling her i love her, even after a fight \anyone have questions about the wreck on 2100 feel free to ask me for the real story, not some hand me down twisted version  with something like this you need to know the truth "
is going to a wedding tonight with the love of her life  one day it might even be me walking down an aisle  maybe  lol more looking forward to the after party new years party it shout be veryyyyyyyyy interesting  smile  evveryone be safe!!! no drunk drivers and no wrecks tonight!
"lazy day, just gunna chill, play games, watch movies and stuff my face full of calories  smile  mmmmmm great day  smile "
"is hoping she sleeps tonight or tomorrow will be a very long day  ugh, school   sad "
"is going to spend the day with her man,  smile  he is so sweet and treats me better than anyone has ever treated me before! i sure do love him!!!  love "
is not looking forward to school tomorrow  ugh 
sittin with my baby  smile  hopefully we'll do somethin tonight  smile 
starbucks here i come!!!!!!!!
"ahh, waitin on <propfirst> to get here for dinner and a movie  smile "
"had the most amazing day with my baby  smile  he's the best  smile \\silly girls trixx is for me!!  smile   love "
"spent all day yesterday running errands and cleaning with <propfirst>  smile  it all needed to be done, so now we can sit back and relax  thinking bout hittin up the galleria tomorrow  we'll see  smile "
going to see me man and my baby <propfemale>  smile  she is so cute!!!
fixin to go <propfemale> out with <propfirst>  smile   love  love ya babe!!
life is veryy interesting right noww  hmmmmm       love 
"schedule: project due tomorrow, then meeting, then another meeting, after all that jazz i get to come back home do my homework, projects, chores, etc  and hopefully get around to sleep before i need to go to school tomorrow!! ugh!! i hate being busy!!! i miss my baby already!!! grrrr     "
"yahhh, so i have a feeling my alarm clock isn't going to go off in the morning   "
today has been horrid  ugh  after a huge fight with my mother i hid in my room and munched for hours watching sex in the city  hmmmm    i miss my baby 
i hope tomorrow is better  ugh   sad  f#@k today 
had an amazing date with my man yesterday  smile  we went to charming cafe and had sushi  smile  yumm!!!!!!!! then we went to monster jam!!!!!! ah!!!!!! it was so awesome!!!! kinda bummed when monster mutt didn't win though  annoyed  oh well   smile  i still went and had an amazing time with an amazing person who means soooo much to me  smile  i love you baby!!!!!!!  love 
is drinkin a <propfemale> slushie from dairy <propfemale>  smile  mmmmm
brain freeze!!!!!!!!!!!
i hope school gets canceled so i can go sleep over at koral's and spend the day tomorrow chillin wit my bestie's  smile 
had a nice day  smile  tomorrow should be fairly easy  smile  going to spend the weekend with koral  smile  cant wait  smile 
just because it comes in your size does not mean you should wear it 
"i got a gorgeous ring from my loving boyfriend, <propfirst> <propmale> for <propfirst>'s day!!!! he also got me a box of cupcakes and bouquet of daises and lilies!!! he is the best!!! i love you baby!! can't wait for dinner tonight  smile   love  kisses"
ugh      school   annoyed   bleh
had an amazing day with <propfirst>  smile  we went to repticon  smile  spent all day watching seminars and shopping for new pets!!! ah!!!! he bought me the new caledonian crested geckos!!!! they're so freakin adorable!!!!!! we named them ryuu(mine) and merlin(his)  we're going back tomorrow  smile  i love him so much!!  love 
<propfirst> bought me a tarantula!!!!!!! whoop whoop!!!!! she is so freakin pretty!!!!
i love my baby  smile   love 
"goin to bed, not goin to school tomorrow  eh  i get to sleep in!! whoop whoop!!!"
well this morning my mom woke me up early to tell me my 2 pythons were not in their tank and had gotten out over night  so i jump out of bed like a freakin ninja and started tearing the house apart lookin for the damn things  ugh  took all day but i finally found both  smile  so happy they're ok  smile 
ugh  more cleaning     grr  so sick of this!!! cant wait till later  smile  im going to relax at a friends   smile  freedom!!!!!
apparently i cry like a kangaroo  smile  lol silly boy  love 
"i don't get jealous when i see my ex with someone else    because my mom always told me to give my old toys to the less fortunate      and after all is said and done, he's her problem now    giggle giggle snort  laugh "
going to  the drag race with <propfirst>!!! yay!!! can't wait!!! whoop whoop!!!
we won first place in the ag products competition!!!!! whoop whoop!!!
fml  i hate everything and everyone right now  thinkin about just gettin on my horse and leaving for a few hours      sounds great to me  toodles everyone  hopefully i can chill some before i end up killing somebody  ugh!!!!!!!!! fts!!!!!
"do-wah-ditty-ditty-dumb-ditty-do, i said do-wah-ditty-ditty-dumb-ditty-do, she looked good, looked good, she looked fine, looked fine, now wedding bells are gunna chime!  love  love you baby!!!"
all that i'm after is a life full of laughter  as long as i'm laughing with you   love  you mean the world to me chris:-*
"as winter friends content with <propmale> inspecting, they presume to say which are leaf and which are bloom "
he bried my frain!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mds  love 's clj!!! love you baby =-*
just chillin wit my mann  smile  he's the best!!  smile 
grounded   heart-broken  im having withdrwwls from my baby  i miss him  sigh
anyone know when burroughs and stokes 25 note cards are due?!?!?!
great day with my mann  smile  he is so sweet to me  smile  i love him so much!!!!
i yelled at a monster in a hole like i'm cool like that!!!!!
