09356fd83247152d22e1a21be39b3698
sometimes my brain hurts so much i just want to die  aahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"i just made some cookies, help me eat them please"
is injoying his new car yay!no more tan beast that everyone hates me for because of the environment  now i have a black beast!!
is back in <propmale>
hmmmm
so old
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggg
cold
mcb just owned me   now for anatomy     why do they put these finals so close together  its like the universe wants me to fail  blehhhhh
"goodbye <propfemale> i'm going to taiwan, ill post my taiwanese number later "
"derno if i got the job, might have said something wrong in chinese"
"too much food, cant move    "
why is shark so delicious?
so  cold     
"friend faq is evil, sory if u got something from me"
coming up to <propmale> this weekend!
life is so weird
blahh essay
i think my body is trying to kill me   ugh    
omnomnomnom  can't belelive school starts in two weeks  wheeee! i want to go crazzyyy
chirolove omnomnomnom  smile 
2 weeks of midterms coming up! weeeeee!
library mode
just one more week of midterns!
"shoot, starbucks closed"
"someday, there will be double rainbows everywhere!  smile "
turkeytrot!!!!
look for me! im c6 of the spine today!
just 1 more for this week and 6 for next! whheeeee!!! lets get crazy!!!
insomnia
<propfemale> christmas everyeone!!!!! carpe diem and all that!!!
"\those beers were nonalchoholic  you just have bad coordiantion\"""""
my subconscious is sabotaging me from going to school   can't wake up in time ugh
me+coffee= twitching
how is <propmale> cruze sooooo awesomely awesome!!!????!!!!
im an idiot 
i want to shave off my study'stache
"one of the painful things about our time is that those who feel certainty are stupid, and those with any imagination and understanding are filled with doubt and indecision"
power through today!!!!!!!!!just 2 days of finals and its break time : )
savor kindness because cruelty is always possible later
in sf!!! any1 here?
man     i just got buyer's regret for buying a lotto ticket
"woot, leaving for the airport for florida in 10! yayy!"
just got back from florida  time to studyyyy  missed the launch  bleh
"freakin a, whats the point in being in a health profession if your freakin parents don't listen to your freakin advice about how to freakin live better  ahhhhhhh  i hope one of my freakin relatives reads this so that they will be embarrassed that people know this and they'll change their lifestyle"
"guys, our <propmale> id also acts as our print card  wtf  why did they not tell us this at orientation"
"coffffffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!\*ahem*\i mean i may have a mite bit too much coffee my good sirs and sirettes"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed b9x5jmofeo&feature=related
"almost done with finals  last 2 tomorrow then go crazy!!!, well i guess sleep first then go crazzyyy"
yeahh    o welllll
i think that i think that i think that i think too much
wth who gets sick during summer? me lol
going to puerto <propmale>!!!!!! almost airport at!
just highfived some bird poo  guess it was lucky that ir was nothing else
everyday in everyway  i am becoming better and better
you may have talent but without a disciplined mind your journey will be short 
trust
i am just    the worst
"i'm leaving on a jet plane, don't know when ill be back again  ohhh baby  omw to kona!!! woot"
