708fa58ddcc9465d8c265b942024a3d9
i hope everyone has a good new year  smile 
my birthday is coming up soon woohoo!!!!! im so excited its october 23  smile 
this friday is my birthday woohoo im so excited!!!!!
"sorry i wasnt at school thursday or friday was feeling sick, but i am feeling a lot better since then hope you all have a happy thanksgiving  smile "
holy crap who is in that photo on the very right <propfemale> she is very pretty  smile 
i now have two more friends now yay!!!  smile  <propfemale> who is awesome  smile   love  and a friend from school  smile 
inside her squirrel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everybody and have a happy new year!!!  smile   love 
yay no school tommorow hope everyone has a good break god bless us all  smile 
hope everyone likes my profile picture just uploaded it god bless us all  smile 
my spring break and my life sucks!!!  sad (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
"tommorow im going to a going away party, it will be very special and very fun i hope that she will be very successful and happy"
"today i ask myself will i succeed with college and my career? will i ever find true love? will i be happy and loved when all is said and done? will i have lived a peaceful and joyful life? i dont know but what i do know is that so far im succeding, accomplishing my goals, and living a hapy and joyful life and for that i have my friends, family, and god to thank for that god bless everyone  smile   love "
going to <propfemale>'s b day party tommorow!!  smile 
friday im going to the movies with some of my best friends  smile   love 
going to the movies today with some of my best friends  smile 
last night was really fun with my brother and his friends!
cant go to sleep and im scared
today is going to be a really good day!  smile  god bless everyone
tired of feeling alone and tired of feeling like nobody understands me at all
today is a good day
last night i realized how sad and depressed i am
today i was supposed to apply at publix for a job but instead i got sick and had to wait at the clinic for 2 hours for my medicine and nothing went according to plan  sad (((((((  crying (((((((((
today was horrible i was supposed to go on a date but she had to cancel  crying  oh well try again this weekend or next weekend  crying  > sad 
just got back from the uproar concert and it was soooooo epic!!!!!!!!! the best part was disturbed and avenged sevenfold i got to listen to them live for the first time  smile )))  love 3333 disturbed and avenged sevenfold forever!!!!!
"today a special someone came over to my house and i had the absolute best time with her we laughed, smiled, <propmale> out, played games, and all sorts of things but when i ask her out she gladly said yes and looked at me deep into my eyes and kissed me for the first time <propfirst> <propmale> i love u!!!!!!  smile   love "
hey baby   love  i love you  love   smile 
's novia hackeado la cuenta de su novio      otra vez  te amo mi amor 
all friends who play cafe world and farmville plz let me be your neighbor or accept my neighbor request if i sent u one i need all the help i can get god bles u all and may peace be with u all  smile 
"<propmale> millsap believes in jesus christ, put this on your wall  dont just ignore this because the bible says if you deny him, he will deny you in front of his father at the gates of heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not ashamed then copy this to your wall  love "
cant sleep -_-
at exactly 5:28 a m  last night the sacrifice update and dlc came out for l4d and l4d2 and of course i dont have enough points to get the dlc (greedy jerks) but sooner or later i will have enough points to have what i want  sad 
tommorrow hopefully hanging out with one of my best friends and my baby girl  smile 
hanging out with my baby tommorrow!!!!!  smile 
xbox live is really frustrating me!!!!! > sad 
i am very happy and very lucky i have the best girlfriend in the world <propfirst> <propmale> i love you soooooooooooooooooooo much!!!!  smile   love 
waiting for her return and still missing my baby  crying 
i would like to thank all my dear and sincere friends for wishing me a happy birthday god bless you all and have a good day  smile   love 
cant wait for saturday!!!
unfortanently my plans to go see my baby are changed to sunday  sad 
apparently my best friend really really knows how to make me very furious
only one more week to go  annoyed 
"today was fantastic my mom will get better, <propmale> out with my girlfriend, and i got one of my three gifts early for christmas!!!  laugh "
"<propfemale> christmas to all!!! may our holy father bless you all with peace, love, joy, and happiness this year!!! god bless us everyone!!!  smile "
so angry i cant sleep
the worst night of my life
got a new cell post your cell number as soon as yall can
"all i want is happiness but i cant have that all i want to be is happy but i cant have that all  i want to be is loved by <propfirst> <propmale> but i lost her and cant have that at all i want is to have her back but now i know i cant ever in my life have her and now i know that she never wants me at all in any way for as long as i live so now i will live alone, sad, depressed, and missing her forever  crying ((((("
mad at dead rising 2 its optional that i may trade it in and get both ninety nine nights
had better days and my right ankle is killing me!  sad 
is coming down with something   
doesnt feel good at all
feeling better but still alone         
need someone to talk too
in a really good mood  smile   laugh 
cant wait for sunday!!!  smile   laugh 
cant wait for tommorrow!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
extremely mad
applied at publix today so hopefully i will be blessed with a job and who knows what else i might be blessed with  laugh 
just got home from helping mom for her paper route it feels good to help someone no matter how big or how small the task is!!!!  laugh 
single and waiting    
things are starting to look up for me emotionally mabye this is just the begginning for whats in store for me yet     smile 
<propfirst> lopez marathon on tonight im so happy!!!  smile 
"i just found out something horrible about my father and his father which is also why im saying this for those of you that have your father still and when you were growing up you need to love, <propfemale>, appreciate, and listen to your father in every way possible and every day because you could be like me or thousands mabye millions of others that dont have a father while growing up and still now"
is my passion that noticable is it good or bad and if so why?
crying and unhappy   
