5327e2b72def8113d40d4d9b78f0a925
aaahhhhhh snow! -_-
made a well packed snow man  then kicked it and nearly broke something     did i mention i was bare footed?
whats on my mind? im bored  sad 
"ill see how this ends, could be interesting "
not sure what's up we'll see
i don't agree with a lot of things but why do i put my self near them eh? werid how a the human mind works  doesnt want drama but will <propfemale> to it 
"the change i see is more and more people out of jobs and homeless and! i see us helping other countries when were suffering just as much  i don't give a flying fuck if it’s a 3rd world country  how about they start doing what we did  we built stuff, made things, produced money and that sort of shit  here they just live like the old days and then when some natural quake or some shit happens it’s like "
"ok so i’m viewing suggestions for friends and this idiot makes a profile called \stop blaming obama for what g bush did\"" and i read some of the comments and you americans never surprise me  first few comments i see are \""you're racist if you hate obama\"" and everyone is agrees with this bullshit  anyone really stop and read what \""he’s\"" doing  yea g bush fucked us over but obama is picking up right where he did """
bored  i have to get up at 8 smile 0 am to work on my car alarm and i don't feel sleepy 
gotopless org has a gathering promoting women's rights  they believe women should be allowed to legally be topless in public (to bad this was in 2008 but i support this cause!)
how the hell do you add bulletins to this piece of crap 
r i p <propfirst> mata
to my vampire wars friends! i need voodoo dolls! i will send you as many as i can as long as you send me some please!
"in response to president obama's complaint that fox news doesn't show enough black and hispanic people on their network, fox has announced that they will now air \ <propfemale>'s most wanted\"" twice a week """
frustrated!!!!!!!
people are saying stop getting gas at arco because of bp  but did you know arco is american gas? why support other country's and helping them get <propmale>  i don't agree with how this oil spill and shit but its american gas if you hate it that much move
to my vampire war buudys im going for purple wings and ill trade reds for em my good <propmale> <propfemale> gets my black ones sorry 
its a peice of cake to bake a pretty cake 
i just saw the <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows: part 1 -- trailer omfg talk about amazing i can't wait to see the graphics and sound effects 
<---likes boobs  no really i do!  surprise 
my vampire war buddys! i added you to my clan check it out!
ahhhahhhhhahhhhhh hes a <propfemale>!
?(?_? ?) rawr!
confused atm 
damn i was 274 lbs and after i left home im 256! damn!
back in antioch for a week 
"sooo who the hell says one thing then wants another then craves attention soooo much after sending that person away then, ends up hurtting themself till their in the er "
booger
some bros don't follow the bro code and them bros need to be hunted down and raped!
i guess some people don't follow the bro code     
"well spent my 50k g on 4 things! travlers mount, my chopper!, mats for my pants and boots and i have some g left!"
act a fool!
my god my wonderful girlfriend's cat        lets just say id like to blend him like a mocha          no <propfemale> this is my pot pie!
needs a little sumin sumin 
dood! i think i found the next phone im getting! samsung captivate check it homies since i hate apple products so much this is amazing looking!
"i know everyone might say this or say something of this  but i remember and i will always remember, and to those fighting for us including some of my family be safe and remember, you're all heros "
when you feel down it never seems to come up as fast as it went down 
[deathcharger's reins] 532 runs and i got this sob!
i am an asshole but that doesn't mean i don't feel bad when i do something assholeish 
wow he really wants to talk to you  lol
i just dont feel    
"i hear the secrets that you keep, when you're talking in your sleep "
i know isnt it?
when i left home about a month ago i was 277 lbs! i am now 256  not bad!
yea boy! eatting a veenaschnitzel!
"<propfirst> lohan, 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst> <propmale>, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, 23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are          all marines      that gave their lives this week, no media mention "
"so im driving to clear my mind of things, and it starts to rain  ok thats fine  but when lighting stikes maybe 20 feet from me      no it's not ok "
being nice gets you no where 
my halloween im going nekid! you know what im going to be? some kid whos bullied and his clothes stolen  or nvm      i coulda said something else but its a little on the wrong side 
young kids these days  i should follow em home and beat the shit out of em 
i love my gf very much and she says the damnest things  i can't quote word for word but! i made coffee and we were out of creamer  so i ask her if the coffee is fine  she says yes but it taste like coffee and made a ew look  playful  
"i'm a ninja, yo my life is like a videogame i maintain when i'm in the zone one player one life on the mic i'm in the dark yo, ninja, go"
i can tickle my nose with my <propfemale> hair!
"omfg kamikaze squirrel's   driving and i see one jump down from the tree  and its creeping over to the sidewalk  so i slow down and i almost stop, cuz i know this fker is gonna dart out  so i wait there for a coupl of seconds and it turns around and jumps back on the tree  so i said ok  let off the clutch and im going forward all of a sudden bam! it jumps and hits my tire and then runs back up the tree  omfg wtfbbq?!"
why are some people deleting my comments? their clean  if ya don't like me just delete me or tell me!
"(joke) been to the optometrist today - he told me i was color blind  i'm\fuckin' worried now that some of my buddies could be black  if you are, can\you delete my e-mail address?"
woot prop 19 rejected!
<propfemale> looks like halloween is canceled next year! woot!
blah why must people have their pics on invisi! i can see them anyways just takes more work 
hey homies of my ps3 network! if you got resident evil 5 hit me up! i made a new name and deleted my old account so i can start over  got bored killing everything in one blast!
mah new phone rawks!!!!! samsung captivate  wayyy better then the weak ass iphone 
been stalking your mom for like two years str8  ive been to shy to ask her out on a date 
so it snowed right? well im walking outside and i tell <propfemale>  watch out its slippery  well i told her hold on ill carefully go first  ended up slipping and how i did it was <propfemale> funny  the foot that sliped went all the way in the air my other followed it and i wiggled both feet in the air like a cartoon  i landed on my fat ass first and then my back  just thinking of it makes me bust up!
ohh damn we might lose power  gonna be a snowstorm!
"oh boy    not feel well  i'm not ill, just something from the past is brought back up and the anger  if i was a jedi      yoda would most def, see me being on the darkside  hahaha"
need to find a way to get my damn comp to see my phone so i can put some vids up 
<propfemale> if i stared in a porn  whod all watch it!
happy thanksgiving errrr body! hopefully yours is a great one!
ok ok soooo  if you're on my phone  you get a picture and a ring tone  if you're not  then i guess i wont be getting text from you!
damnnnnn its rainning <propfemale> hard 
you may think you're hot and skinny  zomg wheres your boobs?! you sure you're not dood in a girls outfit?
tis a shame that <propfirst> <propmale> has passed away 
to all my friends! there is a website going around  its a password stealing website  one of your friends sends you a link to click on and then send you into a webpage saying you have to log in  well if you look at the address bar  it doesn't have facebook in it  don't fall for it!
wow one of the cats sleeping  sounds like its getting it on lol 
ok people     you changed your fb pics to cartoons for? from what im hearing its for abused children     well wtf you abuse children? i don't think the abused childrens hotline is going to fb seeing how many people do it  ill tell you what  ill start a trend and i bet you all follow it! and! ill abuse children in the process! (jk)
ok ok sooo here's a funny problem about my phone i have  i can't log on msn if i have wifi on    like wtf really? msn msger is a online program so it needs net  but nooo it wants 3g not wifi crap lol
ok there is a game called qwop try it  lame but most addicting game   tell me how far you get  i want screen shots as well
soooo i can into a guy in a guild named come honor face
"i'm a little pally, short and stout! this is my hammer, this is my mount  when i pull to many, hear me shout! up goes the bubble and hearth me out "
ima chargin mah lazors!
woot making a fire and keeping it burnning  now thats a skill  i wish i could put that on a resume
you know it's super cold when zomg the very air you breathe freezes your throat 
"damn we need to get the gang back! mata, <propfirst>, me, <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propmale> and go to dennys and chill like we used to  then since were all older hit up a few bars!"
fk its so early! but then again i did fall asleep early
my aussie friend tells me im boring  yey!
ok <propfemale> my <propmale> goal      get a mkin job  i'm gonna so work for mc donalds or subway and then atleast move into auburn  most exciting thing are deer       yea  also a mkin ninja squirrel attacking my car! <--- have to say that prety quick and excting sounding 
oh how i love when people are reloading and i pull out my pistol and knife the sob and blast the next bastard to try and come at me!
i think im turning japanese!
you guys know how to get immunoglobulin? sex 2 times a week! reading about weird facts is good times!
damn its been snowing all day and night!
snow didnt melt     nor is it stoping  i wanna buy egg rolls! wahhhhhhhh
<propfemale> were gonna play a game  its called  send money to <propfirst>'s paypal so he can buy a dodge viper  <propfemale>o i need all of my friends to donate only 5$  yes you herd only 5 bucks  and its pretty cheap isnt it? and who ever sends the most if youd like to go above 5$  ill take you for a ride in it  sound fun?!
<propmale> jobs has cancer and is taking 2 years off work  doctors also say he might only have 6 weeks to live  apple shares plummet following announcement 
"what were the odds of finding someone with the same first and last name thinking it was them, to ask them if they had a brother named the same only to be told they died  then get all shocked and sad and then find out its not the same person?!"
"caffeine is considered the most commonly used psychoactive drug in the world  approximately 90% of adults consume it on a daily basis, and research is being done on its health benefits and consequences "
rain and snow  lows 28 to 38  snow accumulation 1 to 3 inches lower elevations    around a foot higher elevations  snow level 2000 feet lowering to 1000 feet  south winds 10 to 15 mph  ahhhhhh wtf im gonna be snowed in! time to stock up on eggrolls!
"????????????????????????\???????????????????????????????\???????????????????????????????\???????????????????????????????\?????????"
waking up at 7am to drive to the doctors office  what has the world come to!!!!
"\you must be as blind as <propfemale> frank\"""""
"since god created man, and man created the transformers, the transformers are like a gift from god, <propmale>! \\no sir  they are not a gift from god  they are an unholy curse from the beast we call the desolate one \"" \",5327e2b72def8113d40d4d9b78f0a925,"oh, i'm crazy? those fuckin' hobbit movies were boring as hell  all it was, was a bunch of people walking, three movies of people walking to a fucking volcano "
"i don't \like\"" this new enter crap        """
"i've never smoked, drank alcohol, or taken drugs  put this as your status and whoever likes it thinks your lying "
"soooo i was fliping through movies on hbo and i see a movie called jennifers body  hey pretty porn-o sounding so i read the info  <propfemale> fox has a demon in her and has to eat flesh  couple female female make out shots, but not scary  something i won't be watching again  now a movie i need to see is called teeth aka vagina dentata "
ummm its snowing?! wtf!
"here, if you have a milkshake, and i have a milkshake, and i have a straw  there it is, that's a straw, you see? you watching?  and my straw reaches acroooooooss the room, and starts to drink your milkshake    i    drink    your    milkshake! what are you going to do about it?!"
i hate how you think you're the shit  you're married young because you had kids with some asshole you say you love but hes cheatting on you and treats you like shit and you bitch about it all the time  move out and get child support you dumb ass!
so my phone comes with an application that allows me to speak and when i speak it types what i want its not 100 percent correct but it's a pretty kickass  by the way all the stuff that was typed out was spoken first 
"i think i love you more, then the japanese love tentical porn!"
gecko gecko gecko gecko!
in antioch!!!!!!!
any one wanna buy a 60 inch rear projected tv  works and works well  wanting 200$ obo
i know its 2 am but i be bored!!!!!  haha
back in foresthill! now i shall terrorize this town!!!! mahahahahahahah!!!!
anyone that went to park middle school remember mr  redmond?
rofl wtf weather dood says its gonna snow?! wtf really?!
