83e3dc0ed2a896cc2421fac08b270ea7
in new yorkk  smile 
misses new york     ahhh i hate my family here      sad      take me back new york    take me back!!!!!!
at her first day at unlv  smile 
school is amazing    but my wed  class doesnt start till next week and i already came for it todayy     so instead i will finish my math hw     school puts me in a nerdy mood
"going to the work training today was completely pointless    did not learn anything new, we all just hug out and listen to music on the huge speakers we set up     but at least we got paid     it was funny the group kept getting smaller and smaller, even i left early haha"
"today i was eating m&ms on a chair when i dropped one and it fell under my crotch  my mom came in to see my hand on my crotch and me muttering \where is that little bastard?\"" fml (hahah this one is halerious)"""
"omg this one was unbelievable    i need to stop reading these    today, my boyfriend and i were fooling around in his car when things got hot and heavy and we decided to climb in the back  after we finished we started to put our clothes back just as a someone's brights flooded into the car  it was a cop, and he had been there the entire time  fml"
"okay okay last one    i promis    today, my teenage son called me at work and started screaming abuse at me  he told me how he never wants to see me again and hopes i die a gruesome death  why does he feel this way? i beat his high score on bejewelled 2  fml"
omg i wanna see zombielandd!!!! nowwwwww!!!    but it comes out tomorrow  sad 
mmmmmm so zombieland was amazingggg!!!  smile 
<propfemale> what movie should i watch     i am bored out of my mind        or maybe i should take a nap     idk      
yay    party at fat boys house       smile 
bored   talkingg to <propfirst> who is trying to find ways to weird me out     but in a funny wayy     laugh 
ummm i am going to do math hw tomorrow     i don't feel like it now        instead i am watching mtv europe music awards  smile 
omg i just don't get the stupid farmville thinggg      
my sister and her room mate    are crazyyyy     and drunk      laugh      obicham te kakune
i am a poopoohead
still not sure if i am goingg tonight     ahhh i am exausted     still cleaningggg    while my boyfriend is watchinggg that scary ghost movie i wanted to see     awesome      this day will just get worsee  sad 
ahhhh facebook it being retarded    or my wireless connection    so i am logging off! good night
yay my mom came back today <propfemale> i have <propfemale>oo much bulgarian goodiess hahah mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
ummm i am bored      i guess i will finish math     but i am <propfemale>o excided tomorrow i'm gonna bring my bulgarian snaks and coffee to work     haha how can such retarded thingg make me <propfemale> happy!
omg i am still up     i shouldn't have had those 5 cups of coffee today      defenutly a bad adea     but i found this web cite that iss sooo funny     i have been reading it all night  smile 
well i am going back to watching nip tuck     all the way from the beginning    and going to sleep     good night  smile 
listening to house playlists    done w  accounting homework     so hows it goingg  smile 
listening to sublime  smile      showerr and then going out to <propfemale> out w  my man!
i have to go study     fanacial accounting test tomorrow     be back later     oh and <propfirst>      u suck    
going to watch the new episode of nip tuck    
"\e playful erience was of no ethical value  it was merely the name                    men gave to their mistakes \"" - <propfirst>              wilde"""
i am fucking tired    i need a napp!!!!
ahhhhhh      not in a very happy mood     + i have to do math hw (its not longgg     but i just don't feel like it )      hey at least my baby gets out at 10     so i can just look foward to his phone call tonight o 0
salt n peppas here
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i am about to break my piece of shit phone because it refuses to call people      and i need to talk to my sisterr!!!!!!!!!!
    so <propfirst> guetta is coming to the us     and of coarse the tour will be over before i get the <propmale> to go to new york for winter break to see him        ahhhhh sooo unfair !!!!!  sad 
soooo     done w  financial acct  hw      i am going to watch second season of true blood  laugh 
true blood = my new addiction c:
ohhh my gosh o o just finished watching last episode of this season's true blood     i want moreee!!!!!
today was a relaxing day     work out     yoga     i got a facial from my mom and now i have to catch up to the ridiculous amount of homework i have been putting off      <propmale>'s concert tomorrow     yay  laugh 
"i’ve had the time of my life\and i’ve never felt this way before\and i swear this is true\and i owe it all to you   \ smile "
back to facebook     yay!!!
"i seen nights full of pain, days of the same; you keep the sunshine, save me the rain"
ahhh at school trying to figure things out    i am so confused????
blah     gonna work tomorrow    but i really really don't want to  sad 
rule #32 enjoy the little things      (zombieland) x)
in a bad mood once again     looonnggg day     and not getting better!!!
ahhh i am bored      but i know of a great way to relax from the past couple difficult days  laugh 
i am a csm for about 10-15 <propfemale>  till <propfirst> comes back      ahhh and i am not even gonna get paid for it  playful 
"before i leave, brush my teeth with a bottle of <propfirst> 'cause when i leave for the night, i ain't coming back -      smile  in sudden mood to party today     idk where its coming from     but i like it!"
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh     i hate verizon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aaaahhh    hopefully soon this horrible weekend will come to an end      until then     i just have to hold it together  sad 
    umm its only monday     but i already waiting for this weekend    i hope something fun and exciding happens because i have not done anything interesting in a while  sad 
i feel like i have accomplished something today     i made <propfemale> do pull ups (on that machine where it does all the work for) but the point is she still did them     well only two     but it was the effort that counts  wink 
"too weird to live, too rare to die    "
loves <propfirst> <propfirst> hughes iii he is so freakin amazing!!!!!! when i grow up i want to be just like him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am not even half as amazing as he is!!!!
ohhh crap i just found my work card (the one we could get in trouble for not returning after our shift) in my pants that i wore like      last week???     ande i think they haven't noticed yet     hopefully  wink 
"all the crazy shtit we did last night     those will be the best memories    i just wanna let it go for the night, that would be the best therapy for me!!!!!!  laugh "
looooooong day at work     my feet and body hurt  sad  another longgg day tomorrow again     but my european family is coming friday     sooo    partyyyyyyyyy timeeeee!  laugh 
"\i'm rare like mr  clean with hair!\""  laugh """
everybody is on my case     but if i am content with it     why does it matter ???
i got a new phone today so txt me ur number cause i don't have anyone's     plz  smile 
<propfirst> <propfirst> hughes iii is freakin aw-some!!!!!!!!!!!!!
    is in the process of planning out what will be an amazing dayy  laugh 
zach <propmale> is so hot!!!!
ahh i cannot wait for this crappy week is over so spring breakk can start!!!!  laugh 
i donnot want to work  sad 
last night defenutly took a toll on me  sad 
ahhhhh i am tired and i am not looking forward to going back to school      
i love penisss
ummm this week sucks      i really hope that this weekend can make up for it  annoyed 
thank you all for the awesome birthday wishes  laugh 
ummm     tired    but at least there will be party time tonight o 0
umm i am tired     more tests tomorrow  sad      but at least in 2 day i will be free from school    for at least a couple of months    party time!!!  laugh 
step1 laugh enial!
today was a definite fts day at work!
mmmmm i am tired      <propfemale> what is everyone doinng today     i don't want to stay at home  sad 
ummm i wanna go back to europe     not fair!
two more days till    new york!!!!  laugh 
<propmale> if you're in mars can you pick me up from jupiter!
"the birds are chirping     playful \ohhhh sweet sweet new york    how i have missed you!"
"lol    salad and ouzo  laugh \first night and my sister already has me drunk    well just one more episode of sparticus and i am passing out    i am running on 4 hrs  of sleep!"
    about to start getting ready for tonight    sister is on her way back from work    ready to part-ayy!  playful 
enjoying the best frozen margarittas in new york city
its 5 am    time to go to sleep!
sex and the city 2     was awesome    plus the best colombian food ever!!! great day today!
preparing my favorite bulgarian food  love     getting ready to watch some ufc
italin party tonight    pizza and wine     mmmm  smile 
mmmmmm     i think i might be the only person in nyc enjoying the rain  smile 
"ahhhhh    just woke up\it is much needed laundry time  playful "
"i hate it when ppl who live on the first floor take the elevator up!!! it makes everyone that lives upstairs to wait on ur dumb ass! like how damn lazy r u to climb up 10 stairs ahhhh \but its cool i am about to get a massage and just not think about dumb ppl  smile "
"yessssss     the world cup is finally here!!!\soccer + beer= a magical combination"
"mmm just got done watching my favorite show <propmale> & <propfirst>  laugh \time to start getting ready"
no soccer  sad  but i am on a roof top with an amazing view smoking a cigar mmmm
"so south africa vs mexico 1:1     that must have been an interesting match  annoyed \its okay i am watching the one tomorrow where the us will loose  laugh "
good night    or shall i say good morningg
ahhh i stilll have a terrible headache from yesterday     no sudden movements or anything    i can feel it throbbing    
"on my way to white castle!  laugh \then <propfemale> town    then pool on times square    then out for dinner\i gotta enjoy my last day  annoyed "
" sad \i am sick for sure     swimming yesterday was not a vary good idea andd i gotta leave tonight too    but i don't wanna go!!!    ohhh new york don't let me leave! keep me here with you and we shall be happy together!"
ahhh yesterday was a shitty day    after boarding the plane we had to wait for 40 <propfemale> for the pilots to let us know that there is a problem with starting the engine    after they fixed it we had to wait another 30 to start moving and another 30 to actually manage to take off from jfk! besides that hell i am sick  sad      new york did not want me to leave
not happy    this past couple of days have been terrible and just make miss new york sooo much more   i am suck and everyday i feel a new different terrible feeling   ohhhhh i want to go backk i miss everythingg there
well that was a good game    brazil got beat up but in the end at least they still won
new episode of true blood    here i come  laugh 
mmm swimming todayy was funn     it wasnt as hot as usual     andd i tanned some more  laugh 
stupid true blood    got me addicted    now i cant stop watching it   waiting for episode 4
hmmmm i am hoping for some volleyball tonight    then beerpong    if everything goes right    and some ppl wake up!!!
goddamn nazis r gonna win the world cup! i know it   germany has just been dominating     its cool tho at least they are european     right
hmm what to do todayyy   work and then    ?
"beer pong champion last night    getting better at flip cup too    <propfirst> and i were kicking ass!\trying to watch the finals    stupid tv at work doesnt work  sad "
    life sucks 
i want to see inception!!!!
"ahhhh only 4 hrs of sleep    i am tired!\i hate working early"
ahhh what to do what to doo     its starting to get boring at home     
hopefully today will be a good day!
miserable   
guess who is the boss today!!!  laugh 
    just got done eatingg wayy too much    ready for my nap and listening to bulgarian music  which never fails to make me laugh! ahh so jealous of my sister right now    i want to be in bulgarian partying and eating my grandma's cooking
well after pretty much watching the whole 3rd season of true blood    now i am ready to party  even tho i have work at 7am once again    for some reason i have been craving liquor and maybe some flipcup     hmm this weekend better be good!
"ahhhh no fair    i wanted to go see sublime!!!!!\i will drown my sorrow tonight!"
<propfirst> hill is my hero  smile 
"hmmm i love learning something new everyday!\especially when i have an awesome teacher  laugh "
i officially feel like the biggest piece of crap on earth    probably because i am!
breakfast    the best part of the day!!!!
hmmm nature always has its way of calming me down    just what the doctor prescribed!  smile 
hmmm    i am confused   not sure what to think of it    
you mmmmake me happy!  laugh 
been dazed and confused for so long it's not true   
\i'll do anything i can," the wrong way\""    \"83e3dc0ed2a896cc2421fac08b270ea7,"yay!!! my sister is coming backk tonightttttt!  laugh \in the meantime     i dont want to do work with <propfirst>     its files time todayy  annoyed "
"carrot top is fucking hilarious!!! ugly as hell    but at least he admitted it! lol\  not looking forward to work at 8am for an all dayy meetingg  annoyed "
ready for a quick nap and hopefully after i can begin making this terrible day better!
"ahhhh did not miss traffic on the way to school    why does everyone gotta mess it up   i was able to make it to school in like 20 <propfemale>  annoyed \anywayyy class was not bad at all   today is making friends day!  smile "
   interestingg day! andd i wont get to have any fun at all cause some ppl      playful 
"i can feel the hostility at work    \one love everyone! lol"
i'm just a buffalo soldier in the heart of <propfemale>     smile 
ohhh true blood how u got me addicted    3rd hr straight watching true blood    even i become surprised at some of the weirdness  laugh 
    its been a much too educational day!
"why am i awake rightt now???\anddd at work    my body is in <propfemale> much painnnn! i wanna nap!"
its about to be nap time    
hmmm ppl need to hurry up   i wanna go swimming already!
needs more sleeeeeep!
the redbull chicks need to stop coming to unlv to give out free drinks because i will end up getting a heart attack  playful 
"sometimess work can be amazingggg  laugh \even when its 7 o clock in the morningg  \treasure hunt and now time for some true blood  smile "
despite my terrible headache   i have a feeling today will be an amazingg day! just got the best news i could possibly hear!!! ahhhhhhh the fall is turning out even better than the summer    as predicted by the magical horoscopes!  playful 
awesome weekend!!!   tho it had its ups and downs it was still amazingg    catalinnn come back!!
"umm i am in the mood for some chocolate and <propmale> & <propfirst>  smile \lol perfect combination!"
lmao    watching dirty <propmale> with <propfirst>! i made my own <propmale> and cheese with every possible type of cheese at my house!! it was delicious (tho not very healthy)  even <propfirst> liked it   even tho he constantly criticizes my cooking abilities    he asked for his own plate! i feel like i have achieved something in life!  playful 
lol and tonightt    well tonight will be looney tunes nightt!  smile 
"wow! i am just in amazingg mood today   oh well tonightt\i love my sister to death and i miss her too much  love \awaiting ultimate sublime   "
wow i didnt know that finding and picking out movie times would be sooo complicated    i am too tired my eyes need a nap right now   
"hmmm     not a bad day so far    actually got enough sleep!  smile \lots to do todayy    and party tonight    before the fun is over nexxt weekend  annoyed "
wow today has been a much too educational day    in so many great and terrible ways lol
"hmmm today should be a good day!  smile \starting out pretty good    "
"delusion (say that the dreams don't come true)\solution (it can take a hold of you)\conclusion\inspiration (is what pulls you through)\\    let the drummer kick     smile "
wow    its like the world was on a mission to stop me from going to school    i caught every single red light and traffic and a school bus    got to school 20 <propfemale> late! well i guess i am not going to class    there better be a reason for all this     
"hahahahaha sucks for all the ppl that missed it   i got me two t-shirts and picturesss    sucks if you were in class lol  playful \now time to study   before the next test for the day"
ohhh wow     i have been cleaning for the past four hrs    and i am still not done   i didn't even know there were that many things to be cleaned in the house     i don't feel good    break and then back to vacuuming and dusting downstairs     sad 
hmm tonight should be interestingg   
last night lived up to its e playful ectations    very educational   
"was i drunk last night? i think i fell down the stairs on top of an old man         he was hot though, i like old men  smile "
hahahaha every day is halloween!
robertoosss!  smile  <propfemale> bad and yet <propfemale> good! hahaha
im lost in a world of weirdness helpppp
putting the nazi to work! hahahaha
ahhhh what an amazingg morning! tho now i am just exhausted and in a need of a nap   i am seriously thinking about escaping work    someone resue me!!!
ahhh i hate it when my phone refuses to cooperate with my plans! its like it just doesnt want me to have fun! it should realize i am way stronger and bigger than it and if it keeps this up    we will have to battle it out!!! >(     but then again   we both will lose if i break it! lol
awesome morningg so far! not enough sleep but last night was worth it    anddd i am the av teacher at work    cause i am that bad ass!!! who wants to come in for some training?  laugh 
ahhh i hate headaches   hopeefully some coffee can do the job! and <propmale> is dying from a headache too    i guess everyone is down!
ahhhhhhhh workk      its been an ehhh day!
work  play  then party    hopefully a nap in between
today is starting out good    lets hope it continues thru the dayy  smile 
the house music in the room is pumping me up   and there is nothing for me to do    i shall continue dancing in my chair   until someone comes back into the room  playful 
" sad \its just one of those days   "
"fuck new jersey!!! hahahahahahah\south park tells it all!  playful \see conor even south park agrees with me!"
"ohh god what did i get myself into  sad \ballroom it is   "
right now it is mission impossible at work
cannot wait for jackass tonight!!!  laugh 
"playing hangman  smile \well <propfirst> cannot guess so chip and i am just giving away the answers\hahahahaha"
hmm playing the waiting game   
ugh i still dont know what i should be for halloween    and the halloween store just got me discouraged for all the ideas i had    maybe i should just be an american for halloween  smile 
not cool    not cool at all!
"i love the weather, ohh how i needed the rain! hopefully it will help me ralax and get everything off my mind for a bit   "
its not my birthday!!! thank you for all the birthday wished tho  smile 
"cannot wait for my nap!  smile \yager and fright dome tonight   awesome combination!"
my partner in crime needs to hurry up!!! places to go    people to see    costumes to be picked    stories to be told     smile  godd i am wayy too impatient when i get excided lol
i guess yager + public places is not that good of an idea     last night was     much too educational!
"i have one crazy sister! lol\i miss her and cannot wait till december   ohh new york how i miss you too!"
driving the cart with j   causing chaos on campus
mmmm the gym somehow relaxed me and is putting me to sleep    shower and finish homework first    then hopefully some sweet sweet dreams  smile 
"wayy too cold    mmm chapotle might help!  playful \probably should be studying right now   but i prefer to be distracted "
the gym made me sleepy and my muscles hurt all over but at least i am in a good mood   hopefully today continues to work out just right!
hmmm    cleaning and then spending time with my mom  annoyed      i need me some happiness right about now  smile 
today has started out well    lets hope it goes more according to plan than yesterday  smile 
tired and in pain! i need some medication to make all this better! lol
told you guys it was fucking <propmale>!!!!
"wow i am an idiot!  sad \not happy with myself right now   "
you make me  smile 
come watch the show at unlv tonight so you can see my master piece on the light board!  smile  plus i want some chocolate sooo someone should bring me somee!  laugh 
"superrr tired! going home to get ready for tonight! my european <propmale> is finally here  laugh \readdy to party once i drink my monster!!"
"time for my nap! tho i don't want tomorrow to come because that would mean my other european half is leaving and i shall be alone once again!  sad \but that is fine with me as long as we all do what makes us happy   right?!\   no more drinking for me!  playful "
"i want to be in dreamland, but i am stuck in reality! maybe nap time after work    and seeing my catalinnn of coarse  smile "
work is not the place to be right now! happy to be off and ready to see catalinn! hopefully tonight will be a good night  
mmmm ready for my nap time!  smile 
"so gym it is  smile \still tired from yesterday    need more sleep!"
"let's have a toast for the douchebags, let's have a toast for the assholes, let's have a toast for the scumbags, every one of them that i know    "
playing with <propmale>'s i-phone    now i want one!!!!!
you guys seriously need to stop doing that! its not so funny anymore!
"hmm today has been a productive day! got a lot of work done, hit the gym (after yesterday's nonstop feast) and got new gauges   tonight yager time!  laugh "
no hangover but last night is a bit fuzzy! burger time tonighttt  laugh 
"ahhh today is just not going well at all!  sad \i need me some happiness!"
"test #3 today  only one more to go tomorrow and then i am free!  laugh \counting down to new yorkk!  love "
hmm idk if i should freak out or keep calm   either way i am agitated ! nothing to do but silence my thoughts and drown my sorrows! tonight should be a night to celebrate the end of this semester and a struggle for me to keep it together with all  that is running through my head!
vodka and i still aren't friends    it proved it to me last night and this morning    still worth it tho    i had fun!  smile 
needs to start packing      new york here i come    on friday!  laugh 
"hmmm about to leave now!  smile \bye vegas!"
fun night  my feet are killing me tho! no more heels   for the next couple of days  smile 
"pretty nice relaxing day today!  smile \ate my favorite colombian food, drove around the city and queens, saw a movie and now at home and the sister is cooking for me!  laugh "
"finally getting a haircut today  but in the meantime watching the flintstones  laugh \i miss the old cartoons! nothing like the power puff girls in the morning   "
"ate delicious left over spaghetti  laugh \about to watch some it's always <propfemale> in philadelphia  love \then nap time   tomorrow will be a fun long day! hope my feet recover by then  annoyed "
its been a nice day! lots of shopping    which could be a bad thing and a good thing  playful 
so close yet so far     
"ahhh too much walking!! my feel hurt! a least i got my workout hahaha\favorite food tonight  laugh "
"bang bang, he shot me down\bang bang, i hit the ground    "
love christmas <propfemale>! always <propfemale> much food  laugh 
all i want for christmas is   you  smile 
hahahaha tonight was the least to say     interesting! cameras whiskey and a very blonde wig do not go well together   regardless it has been documented thru all the bazzilion pictures taken  laugh 
snow!!!!  laugh 
wow    its freezing with wayyy over 14 in of snow!!! hmmm i wish i didnt complain about having no snow at all!
this conversation is  extremely educational! wow hahahahahahahahaha
a little bit of music just made today a little better   
what is wrong with the world?!!!?!!!?
gym timeeee!  smile 
 sad 
mmmm had an amazing day   relaxing and productive! excited for school tomorrow   first class: yoga!  laugh 
lunch with <propfirst> yonker!
adaammm! finally got to see my <propmale>  laugh 
its been a productive day!  smile 
tired! i cannot wait for work to be over! <propmale> is killing me!!! i need a nap   
awaiting lunchtime!  smile 
"after less than 5 hrs of sleep   back to work  sad \i need a nap!"
"finally off work  no time for a nap but early dinner with the best friend before class  smile \piano class tonight!"
not feeling too good  sad 
time to practice piano till   
new episode of jersey shore  laugh 
mmm ready for my nap! need my blanket!  smile 
thunder from down under  laugh 
thank god for my sister!  love 
"jersey shoree night with the boys  smile \johnnn where u att?"
all i need is my blanket and a nap and today might just get a little better  smile 
shitty day! i hope the best friend can make it better at least   
pissed off and ready to head home  sad 
aghh this sucks   just got paid and all that money won't even cover my tuition for this month     sad 
"in a pretty good energized mood for the two hrs of sleep i got last night!\happy!  smile "
 love   smile !
leave it to the best friend to know exactly what is going on in my head!  smile 
why is it so difficult to say it out loud? anyway   today sucks  annoyed 
"the best gift on a monday ever!lol  laugh \thank you!  smile "
ahhh  such a long day! yet    a great day! lol
excited for tonight! happy birthday to my love!  smile 
going to sleep! yoga tomorrow   then hw before its due at noon   followed by chapotle (hopefully   if <propfirst> stops being a be-yotchh jk) and then      my favorite time of the day  smile 
i left 15 <propfemale> early to make sure i made it to class on time    got stuck in a 45 <propfemale> traffic! fml
bacon strips and bacon strips and bacon strips    keepin all the haters out!!!  smile 
waiting    for the time to pass by
"let all my anger and worries out     and now, today seems like its a good day!"
"ahhh some thinking time     wish i could say it helped, but instead it did the complete opposite! put me in a place i havent been in a while   \well i am turning off the computer (that apparently has been on all day) and going to sleep  another day to get through tomorrow"
there is nothing like    free food!  laugh 
bwahaha possibly the funnies conversation i have had in a while! priceless!
i love that moment when you look someone across the room and you both have the same understanding for how annoying that sound is!
aghh i am waiting for my nails to dry so i can finally go to bed! its been a longg day and no fun! always late on the news too! hahaha oh well    tomorrow should make up for today  smile 
"\you know you are ethnic if you see a deal from far away!\"" -carlos\",83e3dc0ed2a896cc2421fac08b270ea7,bored at home   waiting for the night to come  
i am sorry best friend!  sad 
"the four-part cure,\ is the greek philosopher epicurus' remedy for leading the happiest possible life \",83e3dc0ed2a896cc2421fac08b270ea7,the situation was on the roast to <propfirst> trump on comedy central   wow for the first time i have heard the crowd go silent the whole time he was up there   they even booed to get off the stage   harsh!
aghh today is a good day  smile 
" smile \don't make me wreck shit, hectic\next, get the chair, got me goin' like general electric\and the lights are blinkin', i'm thinkin'\it's all over when i go out drinkin'\oh, makin' my mind slow\that's why i don't f**k with the big four, oh"
not in a good mood    
sometimes i wish i could control what goes on in my head  sad 
too good to be true!  smile 
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music 
" smile  looking forward to some time with friends! i really need it     helps clear my head for a bit! andd i get to see the bestie!  laugh \(ooopps i meant to say best friend)"
"aghh feel like crap this morning    almost no sleep and actually <propmale> over!!! \work needs to end  now "
"i wish i could go back in time    to a place that was so beautiful where i could smell the <propmale>, feel the sun and the rain at the same time, hear the soft waves of the sea, feel the warm sand between my feet, see the most beautiful colors  yet i know it will never be the same, the same faces wont be there, everything would have changed, but at times my thoughts still linger back to that place of simpler times   "
beer pong champs last night!  laugh 
i love my new name  laugh 
