fe8e521a2dcfcddc504eed453205d676
happy new year everyone!
finished stats
t-3 days till vacation
is finished with a four and a half year phase of her life come the end of july!!!
gone camping   back on wednesday   
is sad her vacation is over   
is done with sbux in 16 days   
congrats <propfemale>!
is procrastinating on reading tests and measurements  can't imagine why   its very interesting stuff : sad ough cough::
sleep then tests and measurements    fun stuff!! : annoyed hudder::
is wondering why her neighbors think that everyone in the world has to hear their 'wonderful' music
i got my official internship assignment location! i will be working with a pact team in aberdeen for a year   
"was somewhat, but not 100% disappointed by <propmale> potter   on the plus side i had a pretty good time on my field trip to the state psychiatric hospital"
3 more shifts at sbux!!!
working   3 shifts left to go   
my last shift is today!!!!
"had a wonderful close, and an awesome time at applebees"
going down to ac
can't wait until she's done with tests and measurements   
"skills teaching presentations in independent living class   we're all partnered to one other person, one person out of twenty decides to teach the independent living skill of making coffee   guess who gets paired with them   yep yours truly"
off to wildwood   after one more final   
done done done  for a week and a half anyway   then off to school   yeah i'm on the ten year plan lol
smells likee disgusting swweat and is stupid ccause she let herr laptop out of her site
is going to kill her little brother
had fun at six flags   i love roller coasters!
loves a good water balloon fight!
school is starting way too soon
who knew band could be so exhausting   
l'shana <propfemale>
gone camping
camping was great   i want to go back
i miss summer   
"one way to know it's gonna be a long day   your car starts spewing  flourescent green antifreeze all over the road and decides to pick up an awful \smoking\"" habit   one way to forget about all of this   pizza and gelato (gelato is the \""grown-up\"" form of ice cream)"""
"run, practice, study, class, sleep   yay mid semester!"
yeah yankees!!!!!!!!
"reading a journal artice   again, while simultaneously wasting time on facebook"
"they say goldfish have no memories, i guess their lives are much like mine, and the little plastic castle is a suprise every time   ani difranco"
ok so who's up for sledding?
"ok so who is up for some snowmen women building? seriously, i'm not kidding"
happy movie and chinese food day everyone
happy nye!
"it's a new year already  will that mean i have to take another shower in 2011 also? i just did that sometime in 2010, i think it was in april "
the world may end in 2012 but this show won't   here's to 450 more amazing episodes of the simpsons!
"\i'm not a vegetarian because i love animals  i'm a vegetarian because i hate plants \"" -a  <propfirst> brown"""
taking me seriously is a big mistake   i certainly woudln't   ani difranco
i think the discovery channel should be on a different channel every day   
"\i never let my schooling intefere with my education\""-mark twain"""
just enjoyed meatless meatballs and spaghetti   (it tastes the same   if you close your eyes)
quote of the day: anyway we're gonna start with the basics   playing a burning guitar with your teeth   
"it's official, umdnj actually cancelled classes for tomorrow, seriously, i thought it would take a large natural disaster (tsunami, volcano eruption, etc ) but a serious snowstorm acutally did the trick, so who's up for building an igloo?"
"<propfirst>: there's a message in my alphabits, it says ooooooooooo! lois: <propfirst>, those are cheerios   "
cops on bikes   'nuff said
trampolines are fun!
"thanks spring, its about time!"
great times this weekend   i am a huge fan of mexican restaurants with seitan!
today i found a kosher easter bunny    what's' the point?
"as of next year, i will officially begin aging backwards   i refuse to leave my twenties"
"as of next year, i will officially begin aging backwards   i refuse to leave my twenties"
thanks to everyone for the well wishes on my bday   remember next year will be the 2nd anniversary of my 29th bday   
"is it over yet? can i have my life back, pleasssse     lol"
"i'm done, i'm done, i'm done, or not, i have a music theory, history, ear training and sight singing placement tests, along with piano placement tests, for a music minor, really? for a music minor?"
1 full week of freedom!
needs to learn to shower
is gonna kill her little brother    
on second thought maybe taking 7 credits in 5 weeks was a bad idea   
just had the best philly cheesesteak ever and became vegan all in the same week   (not necessarily in that order)
"is an idiot and let her brother on jer facebook, btw apparently \vienna mocha fudge\"" at friendlys \""tastes like ice cream\"""""
smells like poop
poop
sleepy poop  night night
is gonna kill her little brother   arggg
got a job!
correction: got a job that i don't have to wear a green apron for
i am soooooo uglyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
"it must be so painful for people to look at me, <propfemale> in there peeps"
and i smell too
having fun with spss
if we are facing in the right direction all we have to do is keep on walking 
i am sooooooo ugly and smell a lot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
please don't scream when you see my face i am soooooooooooooooo ugly but i will promise to take a bath since the month is almost over and i have saved sooooooooooooooo much money on not having to use any soap so far this november
argggg    i really gotta start locking this computer lol
i'd be good with about 4 more house in the day + or minus 20
"last day of the semester, i am officially a college graduate!"
chinese food anyone?
with the grandparents in florida
in florida with the grandparents
travel back from florida should be interesting   
"stuck in florida most flights were cancelled or full because of snow, hopefully the 5pm flight is good to go tomorrow"
