4a4a7f03b22be7202555fa305bd31e5f
damn you facebook and your shatty chat!
has one more day till his weekend   hell yes 
will do anything and everything 
can't sleep
is a little put off by time and how quickly it passes   of course my work week is the exception to the rule  
should be sleeping   
needs to get it together  one more day of work   annoyed 
"spent 10 hours at worlds of fun yesterday   now, back to work  t_t"
"one more day till my weekend    time skip, go!!"
yay for 40 hours a week and no money!
wishes money wasn't so necessary  
isn't looking forward to yardwork tomorrow  *sigh*
"knows it's already been said, but boys are irritating "
misses you
has wednesday off? boo-yeah!  what? errands?    lame   
"used to wonder where all of his friends went, but the smoldering bridges behind him helped to fill in the blanks"
paid $5 00 for a $4 55 pack of cigarettes and received $5 45 change back   win!
got the resume all put in order and sent in    unfortunately i left my cell phone in <propfirst>    we'll see tonight if i have any missed calls  wish me luck!
can't seem to sleep
is feeling froggy!
"has gone half-crazy, and the other half is simply lying"
feels today has the potential
is hoping on board with doppelgänger week     having fun yet?
"valiant effort, ksu, but not good enough   joyful "
knew it couldn't be that easy 
"has six more days until the job interview, and has now run out of crosswords   crap "
go go excitement!    or not!
won't miss this weather at all 
"is playing some <propfirst> kart   hit me up, just please don't do it with shells "
doesn't mind the changes facebook made  it's really nothing to cry about 
is finally having his car fixed tomorrow!!
's rage gauge is almost maxed    beware 
's car looks even better than the day he picked it off the lot!!
plays the guitar for his macaroni and cheese while it's being cooked  nothing like the blues to make poor people food taste soooo good   joyful 
composure: i need it 
can't be tamed or twisted to fit anyone else's needs but his own  and i'm ok with that 
"is taking a moment to embrace insanity in an attempt to hold darkness, if only for a fleeting moment before it takes its own hold over me   yet again, strangely ok with it all   "
"\when it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel was just a freight train coming your way \"""""
float 
should have brought a pillow to training today 
"doesn't have anything insightful to say, but wants to post anyways  i have just become the majority of facebook members   laugh "
"had his brat sacrificed to the god of good times last night at the cookout   needless to say, the good people of the census bureau should not be given the task of tending a grill "
"is feeling a <propmale> bit irritable today  recognizing that it's ine playful licable, i won't be taking it out on anyone in particular   just an awkward show of what you people call \emotion\"" """
"screw intuition  i'd rather remain blissfully ignorant, thank you very much "
feels fantstic this morning   smile 
believes nothing short of random road tripping on a beautiful day like this is appropriate 
is starting to feel at peace again  keep those fingers crossed!
"is prepping himself to go bother some americans  i put the \fu\"" into \""cfu\"""""
cfu    pissing off one household at a time in 90 second intervals  sign me up 
loves it when his days off don't coincide with anyone elses  party of one!
go go passive aggression!
   zombie  
"had an hour long training session, followed by my lunch break, and finally ending with a meeting  an hour and 45 minutes of not working? sign me up twice, plz "
is praying for inbound 
"dear vangent, please give me my friggin money  kthxbai "
"mmmm, steak "
is about to find out what bothering people on a sunday feels like 
monday: the lesser of my two fridays 
"welcomes you to \when will it be over wednesday\""   e playful ect this event to take some time """
needs to save himself from himself 
wishes his schedule would quit lying to him 
prefers to believe that those who have reached enlightenment show no <propfemale> to flaunt it 
is regretting the cream cheese and jalepeno pizza he devoured last night   troubled   oh the pain   
wouldn't be <propfirst> if there wasn't inner conflict 
's body is rebelling against him 
is feeling uncharacteristically wonderful today   i suppose losing a hundred pounds worth of baggage will do that to ya   smile 
needs to stop falling for your provocations   time to search for that elusive inner-peace once again 
"\into the <propfirst> of the sun march our hero hunting the darklord \"""""
stands by being unpredictable simpy on principle 
has the weekend in his sights    just an hour and a half to go!
is on a quest for dipping dots!
someone has to be the villain; otherwise the light wouldn't offer the same level of salvation 
loves a good lazy sunday 
is 2 hours away from facing a week's worth of work dragons  boo 
"will one day pursue his own happiness  for now though, it's enough to see others smile "
"is feeling, which isn't ok "
is feeling a <propmale> bit haunted 
just shut up and let me count you!
happy mommy day!
weekends are a week too short 
<propfemale> should have a mandatory telephone ettiquette class 
had a dream with a very nostolgic group of characters ranging from my elementary school days to high school  that's the closest i'll ever get to a reunion 
loves a good storm   joyful 
it's finally friday!! gonna party like an old man and sleep  =p
ine playful licable rage 
's back feels terrible 
is back at square one  i know this place all too well 
skyward sword? yes please 
is one of the few people who can turn a 5 hour drive to an 8 hour one  i'm going to bed now 
"feels it's time for a quick survey  if you think it's lame when your significant other decides which friends you get to keep, like this status   if it's acceptable behavior, leave a brief comment "
   survey doesn't apply to me or my decision making    i can't believe i have to say that 
getting ready to go to illinois tomorrow!
"stress, anxiety, and paranoia  it couldn't be my vacation without my flaws "
"is the kind of guy who worries about baby-birds wandering around cats, dogs and lakehouse kids "
"if i had a warning label, what would it say? (ganked!)"
is here by choice 
pit-felled
"is it better not to speak in consideration of someone else's feelings, or to speak loudly with only your own well-being in mind?"
still moving stuff  at least 2 more trips to go!
"<propfirst> says i have to change my status \\mission complete!"
"do i have a part in life's charade, or must i force another's role? shall i cast my lot or catch aloft, drifting where winds of fate blow?"
would take an intelligent discussion over uninmportant pleasantries any day 
"yeah, i randomly post on people's statuses (stati?), what of it?"
"somehow had gone 22 years without seeing the blues brothers   after watching it, i have no idea how it's possible "
"is watching \a funny thing happened on the way to the forum\""  haven't seen this since latin class   smile """
nothing like green shoes to brighten up your day! any distraction from the heat will help  
is a few days past done with august
should be going to bed   
"it's wonderful to have a vehicle capable of holding all of the stuff you'll be moving  that being said, a ford escort is not that vehicle  =p"
those who fought the power then are those who have the power now  and the cycle continues 
is all sorts of blargh   
is so tired  
"anyone know of any job openings in the <propfirst>, <propfemale>, or olathe overland park area?"
has run out of ideas for creative or insightful updates   booo    
"just spent close to half an hour cleaning out facebook notes from way back when   if i were my friend back then, i woulda slapped the crap outta myself  =p"
   if they manage to take all of today to get my car worked on    even wal-mart would have been done by now 
*sigh* overland park  
has nothing nice to say about parking garages 
is finding 1860's history incredibly insightful 
ignorance is bliss like money is happiness 
can't decide if it's more amusing or annoying to almost choke on a cough drop due to coughing with a cough drop   
"it's called equal rights   all you're doing by burning religious documents is creating content for \training videos\""   leave me and the rest of the country out of you're fearful ignorance """
basement nostalgia   
reason #3 to have a  50 cal mounted onto your car: people camping for spots in parking garages 
garaaage saaaaling todaaay   
is an uncle!
"i see sun, but feel no heat    false advertising!"
go for broke!
feeling kinda shellish 
"i like to play my guitar for my nephew   nicest, most attentive audience ever!"
blah blah blah
isn't having as much fun as he'd like   
"needs inspiration, but not quite as much as aspiration "
"rang the <propfemale> atop a 42 ft climbing wall today  my fingers and forearms feel accomplished, at least "
haunted much?
grawr with a heaping side of blargh 
had quite the fulfilling evening  ^^
sitting some dogs  day 1
day 2    - -
dog sitting complete!!!
extra hour of zzz's? sign me up twice 
is watching christmas movies with the sweetie   smile 
i'm a fish  =p
