c23804e469a7a1b360e62b285e103faf
how the fuck does this place work?
how the fuck does this place work?!
you gotta be kitten me!
going out    fighting black holes
nothing to do    *sigh* time to go to 4chan :  
anyways    saw the spirit today  garbage!!!!!!! human garbage!!!
also   what's the big deal with lady gaga?
lost his cell phone  and is now telling ppl about it 4 days later 
 laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh      paste this into any chats you have with anyone then   you win
all has been restored my phone has been found
not feeling the best
has the flu?   gay
wants to take the gallon challenge
all the ladies report to <propfirst> walrath's house for some hot cranium action                              and maybe more  from now till - ??????
get ready   to fight the snow
gallons of milk mean nothing to me
what's a goku?
oh shit    how long have i had my caps lock on?
wanted cocaine for christmas   thanks no one
<propfirst> jones
pen15   wrap your head around that one
fuck you 4chan    why so dead?
the halftime show with beatles was one of the best performances evah      football!
the santas won the supperball
h????????????????????????????????????e????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????c???????????????????????????o???????????m??????????????????????????e?????????????????????????????s?????????????????????????
i think <propfirst> brown's greatest hits were with rihana
quit wow?
and nothing of value was lost
"first impressions of plastic beach are   so-so  it's not like the other 2 releases where i could listen to each song and be like \fuck yeah!!!\"" the whole time which in turn made the albums as a whole pretty sweet  instead i feel like i got a rap album with the gorillaz being featured in almost every track  however the album still isn't too bad and if anybody liked the gorillaz before you'll prolly dig dis shit """
facebook in in uk english fuck yea
and one more thing i want to be able to respond with the power of pictures  facebook r&d get on this shit 
last fm tab is fix'd nice
me and logan     a pizza duo?
paycheck   haven't had one of those in awhile  laugh 
you know that one guy who types like a faggot cause he never learned homerow     that's totally me
just found my good pair of glasses fuck yea!!!!!!!
fucking gave my dogs hiccups   think i have found my calling as a super hero  look out criminal scum the wolf is on the hunt!! and you may just get hiccups too!!!
"than you\from:jakob\to:everyone"
fucking internet
1st place at magic game day   not bad i guess
so i find out stanley national is going to be closing in the next year or so  i lol'd then sighed
i always see shit about this headmaster give giving stuff away   sounds like a real badass
got my pipe today  time to look like the wisest 19 year old in town
finally fixed my god damn net book   suck it
ima grip and sip
buhuhahahahaha! i have hacked jakob eckel's facebook account  the world is mine!!!!
fffffu want to go out and do something for once in my life and then i realized i have a very small pool of people to <propfemale> out with 
mmm cataclysm beta it feels so good
\i <propfemale> my free time\,c23804e469a7a1b360e62b285e103faf,intense night to say the least
i play it fast and loose baby
and you told me eating rocks was a stupid idea 
"\you can't own land man\"""""
"i love cookie crisp, but my mom and dad never get it for me :'<"
we don't go to ravenholm
