353f49de21f6a3cca16c95a36371a098
"ouch! brakes on my atv didnt work today  wasnt a good idea to drive it, i kinda wish i checked them b4 going for a joyride w  my cousin  got hurt pretty bad"
i just dont know how long i can wait  it kills me everyday and i dont know if i should just forget it or wait unitll something happens 
sick of him leaving  he should either stay or just go away for good
he's such and idoit  he cant lay a hand on me or he will get in <propmale> trouble lol sucks to be him
"going to lakemills tomarrow  smile  get to see <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  i miss them so much!"
omg! yesterday was like awsome! i swear it was the best day  smile 
dad is gone for the weekend! get to see my grandma that lives in alabama tomarrow  smile 
"happy moments, sad times, bitchy moments, ect  i really dont care anymore  i rather just forget my life and just try and focus on something else  nothing else madders, i just need to forget myself and my life"
sister is annoying me realy bad
going to <propmale>'s this afternoon
"today was awsome! the thunder and lightningng was cool too, <propmale> would let me run around in the rain b c of the lightning lol but it was still fun"
its so damn werid! through out the day i get all shaky and get realy dizzy   
"gets to <propfemale> out w  <propfirst> tomarrow, wendesday, and thursday! other than that i got nothing planned  what to do sumthing?"
my dog found a woodchuck that lives in our backyard  now my dog wants to be outside all the time  when i looked inside the woodchuck's home he looked pissed off! lmao
dad has to work again today so that means that i wont be doing much this weekend   ugh!
how am i supposed to trust anyone when ppl keep hurting me?   
"went to the zoo and shopping w  <propfirst> today  got some realy nice lizcaliborne, <propmale> klein, and graine clothes  smile )"
going up north for 5 days without my dad
one day i'll b fine then the next i go down hill  i dont think i'll ever b as happy as i was in the begining of this year  someone prove me wrong!!
this is not good   
"ugh! i feel horrible  im sick to my stomach and running a fever, now i have to miss volleyball practice   god, this sucks!!!"
"today was the last day of volleyball tryouts, it wasnt that bad"
<propmale> out with <propfemale> and autumn  got to be in the rain! got soaking wet lol but we saw 2 really cool rainbows  smile )
i have to go upnorth this weekend so talk to you guys sunday
"this weekend was really boring  seems like everytime we go up there, we do the same things over and over  oh well"
volleyball this morning then most likely going to fort today afterwords
"im like really bored  idk y but today just isnt very fun  i even went shopping, got some new stuff and i still dont feel happy   "
got our volleyball jerseys today! triangular on thursday
ok this really sucks  i know i was going to do something today but i cant remember what it was!!! god i hate having blonde moments  
volleyball today was really fun  me and autumn also got to see all the middle school teachers today too lol  got a triangular tomarrow go eagles!!!
its raining  its poring    smile 
ehh   not having a good morning
today was alot of fun  smile 
omg its so quite in my house without my dad and sister lol
"im really tired! it seems like no madder how much sleep i get i just cant get enough  blah blah,,,going to lakemills today,,,my dad and sister are comming home today   "
"omg, my hand got electrocuted and i fell down 4 or 5 concret stairs!! it really hurts"
up and ready for school!
"ok i ask my sister if she excited for school cuz she is going to b a 6th grader this year, she then whispers to me in that creepy way \i dont like change\"" lmao!!!"""
"god! my days will start out great but then someone pisses me off and ruins the rest of my day,,ppl r so stupid!!"
"i have so much going on this week,,ugh   i just dont feel like doing any of it either"
"ok so today: school, volleybal practice, football game, and then i'll be spending the rest of my weekend with <propfirst>  smile  woohoo!"
this weekend was the most fun that i have had in a long time
im just really happy today  smile  got a scriimmage against <propmale> creek today
let's get fired up! volleyball game in evansville tonite!!!
yay!! we beat whitewater today! go eagles  smile 
is with autumn and <propfemale>  had a lot of fun last night
omg! when will this end?!?!
parade today then going to work the consession stand for the baseball game
we totaly rocked today! the eagles beat mcfarland  smile 
"omg! my mind is like racing! i dont know why, but i cant stop thinking about it  i dont know what i should do!"
"ugh, i wont b getting home til like 9 tonite cuz of a vball game is edgerton  lets see if we can win this won too!!"
grrr this stupid migraine wont go away!! and thx to <propmale> my arm is still sore!!!
"everyone, my phone doesnt have any minutes on it so i cant talk or txt!!!"
im just really happy  smile 
"today: work around the house, then hopefully going to <propmale> to see <propmale> and <propfirst>"
today was fun ?
this year just isnt going good at all  
i know i need to do sumthing but i cant remember what    lol home vball game tomarrow
"im so sick of dealing with them!  y cant they just stay out of my life, its not like their going to fix anything"
"omg he pisses us both off so much  we cant even have a \normal day\"" without him just being himself   just go away!"""
"ugh, week going by so slow  our volleyball team beat evansville, yay!! this weekend actually might be fun  <propfirst> and everyone else is comming to the cabin  smile "
"this weekend was just rain, rain, and more rain  being up north was just boring  "
got a volleyball game in whitewater 2maro  laugh  only 3 more games then our volleyball season is over  sad 
"ok ppl i'm getting my hair cut on wednesday  i dont know if i should just get it trimmed or get something new  give me some advise, send me a pic of any idea or something  lol"
today's been a pretty good day  smile  tomarrow should even be more fun!
just really happy  laugh 
"volleyball game in mcfarland tomorrow, go eagles!"
going up north again this weekend  i'll be back sunday to watch the powderpuff game and the bonefire
"omg, tomorrow is our last volleyball game!  sad "
grr!! im so sick of him! seriously idk y he does this to me but its just really pissing me off! sometimes i wonder y i even give a damn
today was a pretty good day  dont really got anything to do for tomorrow
is finally home  had a fun night tho
homecomming tonight! yay! today was a good day  smile 
"so yesterday didnt end the greatest but its ok, i still had fun  smile "
"my dad and sister r coming home today, going to be in lake mills most of the day"
"so today i showed u the pain, anger, and tears that i have been holding in for so long now, but im glad u finally saw what i've had to deal with"
yesterday was horribly cold! only 4 more days unitl my birthday  smile 
"ugh, i got a huge migraine and running a fever  this sucks so much!! i think im gonna try and sleep some more  "
"my migraine is just about gone, im finally feeling better  tomorrow's my birthday!  laugh "
im feeling so much better! my birthday today  laugh 
"just got home from cheerleading  laugh  today was a fun, im so glad im not sick anymore"
today has been so boring  <propfirst> is still over tho so i guess it wont be that bad
i hate not having a phone  i really want it back  it sucks not being able to talk to ppl
"i guess im the bad guy now    god, ppl just dont get it!"
im really tired  got up this morning and headed out to the fields to release the pheasants and hungarians  just one more release then we r done!
today was extremly slow! i think the most fun was the very long car ride to stevens point and back with mr  gotto and everyone else who went  i just got home and i so glad that this day is coming to an end!!
leaving tomorrow to go to tomahawk  i'll be back of nov  29! c ya guys later
im home from our hunting trip that was in tomahawk  no one got anything this year  sad  but im glad to b home and this vaction is almost over
day is gonna b fun!
i get to cheer tonight for the basketball game! sweet  laugh 
going to bed  nighty night ppl! cheer was tonight was fun but im like really tired now  today has just been a good day  smile 
"im really bored right now  just got home  not much to do around here, ugh!"
"omg yuck, snow! to early for snow  i know this much tho, i am not wear a skirt until its warmer out!"
ok so i get to go to school with only having 2 hours of sleep! whoo hoo!  not  and there's already to much snow!
u always seem to make me smile more and more everyday ?
dont u just love it when ur trying to get sumthing done and u keep hearing ur name getting called to do sumthing else?! lol
just got back from working at <propfirst>'s  i am so damn sore!
omg i feel like im going to rip my hair out!!!!!! grrrr i couldnt b more frustraited right now
ok so yesterday wasnt that great of a day  hopefuly this day is better  get to cheer tonight  laugh  !
omg today i've had so many blonde moments!
what to do   what to do   well good night everyone! stupid snow day!! u ruined my plans   ugh now im stuck in my house all day  ?ur always able to make me smile?  smile 
"today didnt start off too good but it got better as the day went on  the only thing now, is that cj, <propfirst>, and jakob are all sleeping over  ugh woohoo for me,,,not "
ok this house is a nut house! right now me and cj are arguing about mahi mahi!
leaving soon to go to brookfield mall!
i think i might go crazy! there's too many ppl here  what happend to my weekend? my plans seem to b changing all the time
"for once this weekend, the house is silent! just got home from shopping  i was able to get the rest of courntey's christmas gift but i still got more shopping to do!"
this week has started off really good  smile  let's c how the rest of it goes!
got so much to do! cheering tomorrow for the wrestliing match
"y r u doing this?! i know   i know, u do but still    this just isnt fair!!!"
"so tonight <propfirst>, cj, and jakob are coming over again"
watching happy feet while working on my locker decs  i love penguins so much  smile  lol
"<propfirst> is coming over for dinner! lol finished with most of my stuff, only a few more things to do"
listening to music and talking to ppl  today is prolly the most stress free day ive had in a long time!
"had a fun time today, it did go by slow but oh well  smile  ?"
"we are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love ?"
watching public enemies and just saw the part w  <propmale> in making goofy faces! lmao
<propfemale> christmas everyone! got some cool stuff but im also getting a new phone tonite  laugh    <propfirst> and my grandma r over today!
rawr!!!!!!!!! im a <propfemale>  laugh  lol
come on bears!! let's go!!
yay! i got my new phone today  laugh 
got my new phone today  let me know what ur number is if u want to talk!!
had a nice relaxing day hanging out with <propmale>  smile 
ugh  my head is pounding! i just feel horrible right now
today started off really bad but got better as the day went on!
going to east <propfirst> tonight
its friday! yay! this week went by too slow
"had an ok day  somethings were better than others  oh well, im going over to charlies for the night so that should b fun"
just got back from charlies  this weekend was ok  i guess  but oh well
omg what an eventfull monday  this week is off to an horrible start  let's hope it gets better!
some ppl just need to learn to get a life and stop messing with other ppl's    omg im just so sick of it
ok so today was pretty much a bust  like none of my plans went through
ugh   monday's  there's nothing ever good about them
"got my alegbra exam done today  now i have physical scince and u s history tomorrow, should b pretty easy"
u s history and physical scince exams today then going to <propfemale>'s house for the night
"it seems like lately i can never get enough sleep   no matter how much i do, i still seem to want more"
oh what a wonderful day   not!
last night was horrible  it just seemed to drag   didnt seem like i got much done
omg i hate it when i cant sleep  i get so bored lol
ok i love the rain but the only thing i really hate about it is that later when there's no more rain whats left is  mud!! yuck yuck yuck!!
just could sleep at all last night  today is going to be hell
i hate it when he makes me feel like this  cant he just stop?
my shoulder still really hurts    darn basketball and crazy calebs that run into things lol  laugh 
"   idk things seem pretty screwed up, good thing break is soon   i really need it now"
is all packed for tomorrow! cant wait for the long drive to alabama 
on my way to noccalula falls  should b alot of fun smile 
couldnt sleep at all last night  i had 2 many birds outside my window making alot of noise!!
todays adventure is going 2 b cathedral caverns  i wonder if its as good as cave of the mounds 
heading back home tomorrow  stoping in mt vernon for the night then getting home friday  im going to miss the warm sun!
we just left the house  its raining really hard  on our way to mt vernon  i dnt want 2 come home with the snow!!!
only got bout 2more hours left in the car!
reading my book 4 english  i cant concentrate on it but i need 2 get it done!
ugh i gotta do laundry  i have absoultly nothing 2 wear
"this spring break has been pretty fun  i enjoyed seeing my family  tomorrow should be a fun and great way to end spring break also, i cant wait  laugh "
had a really great day  laugh 
omg my back still really hurts!!!
sum ppl just need 2 grow up and stop getting in peoples business
hanging out with <propfirst> and <propmale> haha
i had a pretty good day 2day  lets hope it stays this way and the promise i got doesnt get broken
having sum funny moments here at my cousin's house  this weekend will b fun smile !
is having the best monopoly game ever!! i think were laughing more than playing  cj looks like hes gonna die from laughing so much!
"quote of the day: \i just beat u with pepper jack!!\"" -<propfirst>"""
suprises r around every corner  they just pop out of no where!
had a pretty good day again  tomorrow is my last day of drivers <propmale>!
everything can change in an istant  i dont like this change  it only hurts me
i finally got my varsity letter for cheerleading!!!!!
"tonight has just been really dull  i wish i had sumthing more instresting 2 do  oh well, hopefully 2mro is better!"
had some funny conversations with some people today 
<propfemale> came over and we got her circut working!
i dont have a computer for a while  today should be fun  i can officaly get my temps tomorrow! most likely getting it sumtime this week!
had to cancel my plans for today now im going to sit in fort and get some of my reading done for english 
going to <propfirst>'s right now  we r pobably going to help cj with his truck or sumthing like that 
just got done at the doctors  now im going to go shopping!
ugh! seriously?! cant people just stop with the bull crap??  im so sick of it!!!
today was such a dull day  i had a head ache most of the time  i just want 2 get out and have some fun right now 
finished mowing the lawn and cleaned the boat  now we r stopping by <propfirst> 4 a few odd things  once i finish packing im all ready 4 our fishing trip up north
not going up nort anymore cuz of the storms sad  oh well im babysitting tomorrow so that will be fun
"tyler,jakob,charlie,my dad, and i are going fish spearing 4 a while! i prolly wont do so good but it will b fun 2 try"
"cj,tyler,jakob,liz,my parents,and me are going on the rock river with our boat to go fishing!"
grrr well we didnt get any fish today  now we are getting papa murphies pizza
i hate it when ur just sitting around and all of a sudden some random song comes in ur head and wont leave!!!!
"ugh its so stupid! sumone txt me, <1-262-501-9537>"
i try so hard but u dont listen   i say one thing and u dont even understand how much it hurts     
i am getting really sick of some people right now  like seriously  can i trust anyone?
going to <propfirst>'s soon
going to bed  i had a good weekend but i reliezed how much i miss u when i dont get to talk or see u
"i love the rain! i had a good day yesterday, lets see if today will b  smile  driving after school today with swing"
once again i had a good day  the rain stoped just in time and at school was just great  laugh 
<propmale> out with <propfemale> today after school  had some good laughs and made cookies!  laugh 
going to pick up cj's transmission from the shop right now with my dad
"went to my grandma's new apartment in watertown right after school  helped her, aunt jerylin and <propfemale>, uncle <propmale> and <propfirst> unpack  got alot done but im like really tired now"
going to fort in a little while
had a busy day but it was good  smile  now im like really tired  i should go to bed
oh what a wonderful day   not  im just sick of it and want it all to end for good
enjoyed jumping in the pool after running the mile today in gym  laugh 
had an amazing day today?  smile  <propfirst> is staying over untill tuesday  its going to be some fun weekend!!!!
"had a water balloon fight with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> today  going to <propmale> creek to go shopping and get ice cream from culver's"
i got the worst head ache!
<propmale> is getting his new puppy right now  i cant wait to see it  laugh 
this day has been so long! i hope this rain stops soon 
everyone is coming over for a graduation party for cj
"exams start today and im freaking sick! fever, migraine, and stomach pains  this is just great  sad "
"going camping tomorrow with <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>   smile "
at river bend with <propfirst>  going 2 stay the night then going 2 <propfemale> with <propmale> tomorrow smile 
got home earlier today and took <propmale> to the vet  that was intresting but funny story  then <propmale> came over  now im going to walmart later with my dad 
had just a busy day now my cousin jakob is spending the night
i couldnt b more bored!
i feel so lost and confused   
i got very little sleep last night  probably going to be falling asleep on and off through out the day
i get to go shopping all day today  laugh 
so im sitting in the living room texting and watching tv when all of a sudden i see my sister's hamster walking around   out of his cage!!! he made a prison escape! i always knew he was trouble when she got him last week
maylee and kadance are taking their naps  its so quite in the house!
i didnt get much sleep last night but today was still pretty good 
"got to see <propmale>, <propmale> and <propmale> today  smile  later on tonight im going 2 <propfemale> with <propfemale> and help her study for her temps test tomorrow!"
going to <propfemale> out with <propmale> today  i really wish this rain would just go away!!!!!
going to the doctors after lunch 
going up to our cabin for the weekend
my vaction is ruined! stupid doctors
got a dentist appointment today   sad 
had a sillystring fight with <propmale> and his little brother jacob  smile 
going camping with <propfirst> tomorrow
"with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  going to rosattis for lunch, go to eye doctor appt , then we r going to jellystone for the night "
getting ready to head up to our cabin for our 9 day vaction  the cabin is going to b packed with having my uncle <propfirst> and cousins with
<propfirst> and i bought sum really cool fireworks  cant wait to light them up
went fishing in the rain  i caught sum blue gills and a 13inch large mouth bass!
on the pantoon boat for fishing and simming on the wisconsin river
going muskie fishing at spirit  lets hope we get sumthing!!
what a lovely day  it kinda sucks that we r leaving tomorrow
finally on our way home!!
why does it seem like ur always in the back of my mind?    
"ugh i hate this weather!! i was <propfemale>, not muggy  annoyed  got another doctor appointment today   whoo hoo"
hanging with <propmale> today
today was not a good day  just so frustrated on what to do   seems like everybody i talk to say the samething but i dont know if i can do it
hanging with <propfemale> tonite and going to see a movie  smile !
a pessimist is really an optimist with e playful erience 
wasnt able 2 go 2 <propmale>'s today so instead im going 2 waukesha and oconomoc 
out shopping right now  going 2 have a fish fry 2nite with <propfirst> and the cousins 
taking <propmale> for a walk with <propfirst> 
i try so hard to not let the things u say affect me but it seems like no matter what i do it doesnt work
follow that dream wherever that dream may lead 
ugh im like bored 2 death and need 2 talk 2 sumone but it seems like every1 i try talking 2 r busy!!
"had a good morning  got to see <propfemale> infalt  laugh   now im staying home for the rest of the afternoon watching <propfemale>'s dog, blink"
is tired and very irritated right now  sad 
<propfirst> is over and spending the night  got a $100gift card 2 kohls!!!  laugh 
at gradmas with the family  helped her reorginize her place and having lunch 
on my way to waukesha to go to my cousin jasons house to help him out 
"finished helping <propfirst> out, had fun spending time with him  now im home and got nothing much to do"
i want my clothes that i ordered to be here!!
my schedule is totally screwed up!! now i gotta go and fix it in a couple weeks   grrrr
i got my clothes that i ordered today!! smile  now <propfirst> and cj are over
going over to charlies to work on the truck 
cj and <propmale> are over  we got the house set up for <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s birthday party
in fort right now  going 2 b here 4 most of the afternoon then going 2 <propmale> 4 sum chineese food!  laugh 
some of the strangest things can happen in one day! lol
hanging with <propfemale> right now laugh  had sum fun messing around at walmart! lol
went to kohl's today and saw maytia! now im home and bored  text me  laugh 
"plans got canceled today, so now im bored   i need sumthing to do lol"
im just really bored text me smile 
ugh cant sleep   looks like im gonna b up for a while now
i had a good time in cheerleading today  this year looks like its going to be alot of fun
<propfirst> and jakob are over smile  im still sore from yesterday!
just got back from <propfirst>'s  i taught <propfemale> how to drive an atv  what an adventure!  lol
went to <propfemale>'s house for a few hours  had a pretty good time
today is cheerleading tryouts  smile 
do u even care? it seems like u dont and im just wasting my breath   maybe i'll try not caring anymore 
its like a monsoon outside right now!  we've already had our power out 3 times
so very very bored but had a better day so thats good  smile 
talking to like the best person  smile 
i got my cheerleading letter today saying that i made the tryouts!!!!! whoo hooo  laugh 
just schedualed my drivers test for november 5!!
visting my grandma today  smile  hopefully she's feeling better
"doing nothing so far tomorrow  i might go to <propfirst>'s  wesneday going to mt olympus with my sister, my mom, and cj for 3 days"
<propfirst> and i are going shopping today  smile 
"had a very good day  got some nice jeans and had a good time with courntey, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>  laugh "
waiting for cj to get off work then at 12 we are heading to the dells!
heading home from the dells  i had a great time  smile 
going over to <propfemale>'s house to <propfemale> for a while
had a pretty bad and boring day  sad 
turned out to have a good time last night  laugh 
"of course like just about everyone on here as said, school starts tomorrow!!! lol well im happy its starting"
cheering at the football game tomorrow and hopefully spending the night at <propfemale>'s
had a great time today 
had a campfire tonight  now <propfirst> is spending the night
going to watertown for a cook out with the family
today was just freaking awsome  i got my independent study approved so i get to start that now  plus cheer tonight was amazing!  laugh 
"is in a very pissed off mood  sick of all the bullshit, i want out, i dont want to be here, cant believe this crap is going on"
had fun last night at the football game  spent the night at <propfirst>'s and spending the weekend with her and her parents while mom and dad are up north
so it turns out we now have hungry bears up at our cabin  they totallly wrecked the apple trees we planted!
had a really bad day  a lot of stuff going on and i ended up getting a migraine this morning too
i need to learn how to get over you but no matter what i do it doesnt work  when im with u my heart is warm and put together again and i believe everyword u say  what else is there to do!?!
i feel like everything is a dream and that when i wake up everything will be different    maybe waking up is the best thing i need to do   
on my way to the dells with <propfemale> and her mom to go to the wilderness and see some of her family!
has been so busy the past couple weeks  get to go up north this weekend with the family
stuck in traffic  so bored!! i cant wait 2 just b at the cabin
me and <propfemale> are going to charile's house to go 4wheeling!! going to have some fun now  laugh 
"stupid construction  they broke our gas line,internet, and phone line!!!! this is just great  so now im over at <propfirst>'s doing homework"
three in a row!!!!
ugh still sitting at the hospital   this is going 2 b a long nite 
"finally home, going to bed  üim so glad i have u in my life and have some1 like u to care about meü"
over at haileys 4 the night!
"grandma,cj and aunt <propfemale> are over  getting stuff ready for tomorrow!"
homecoming game was awsome   eagles won! we r still undefeated!! had a fun time today
over at charlies  going to shoot <propmale> pigoens later
just got home from the haunted high school with <propmale>  had a good time  smile 
for the most part i had a good day  went shopping a little bit and saw a friend from missouri  it sucks that she's going to leave!
"  very bored right now, text me"
"tired but cant sleep  getting sick of some of the stuff going on  missing <propmale>, cant wait to see him tomorrow  love "
thanks everyone who said happy birthday to me!  smile 
better get to bed so i can get some sleep  i miss <propmale> and happy that he's going to be home soon!  love 
"homework, homework, homework! why does it seem even with testing i have so much freaking homeworking?!"
really excited for tomorrow  get to take my drivers test!
passed my drivers test!
most likely hanging with <propmale> today but im getting pretty sick of his dad and his bull crap
great day today  smile 
how did we meet? copy this to your status and see who remembers
pretty excited for the weekend  laugh  !
ugh what a day  just want all the shit going on to be done with!!!!
with <propfirst> for the weekend  laugh 
went out to eat then came back to <propfirst>'s house and she's already crashed on the couch lol had a fun day though
dealing with alot right now  feel so stressed out  sad 
spending the night with <propfemale> and going to stevens point tomorrow for the conference 
ugh really hating <propfemale> splints but glad i talked to the phsical therapist on what i should do
really tired but had a good time today  glad i saw <propmale> for at least 10 minutes too  smile   love 
sooo glad my vaction is starting  no more school for me  laugh  heading up north!
"cj left for boot camp and advanced training today, wont be back till next christmas  thats a long time!"
going to hailey¿s house for the night!!!!
at the basketball game then afterwords  going to hailey¿s house to work on one of her projects <ümeganü>
another intresting day at school   but really happy now  laugh 
its hard to except people when they keep changing on u
in watertown at culvers stoping at the store later and then going  home
snow  smile 
"god! he has no right to do that   i just need to get away for a while, too much going on to deal with"
plans fell through again  so instead im working on my macbeth project
"going shopping again, wonder what i'll find this time"
basketball game tonight
snow snow and more snow    yuck  sad 
no school for me today  doing my job shadow in fort  <ümeganü>
had a great day today at my job shadow! got back into town to suprise <propmale>  smile 
"<propfirst>, <propfirst> and jakob are over  went shopping today for mom's birthday"
had rain yesterday and now a lot of snow! most likely wont b able to do anything i had planned because of road conditions  sad 
sick of sitting in my house   need to get out and have some fun
"had a great time tonight! got to take the plan test, practice and a band concert tomorrow   busy busy day"
ugh what a day  nick stayed home sick today so who knows when ill get 2 see him again
doing my christmas shopping finally!
spending the afternoon with <propmale> today
had a good weekend  now excited for winter break and christmas! finally got all my shopping done
"so tired, didnt get much sleep last night  need to figure a way out were i can get more sleep at night!"
my christmas break has offically started!!! having christmas with <propfirst> tomorrow  smile 
"a person has 1000 wishes  a soldier only has one, to come home safe  i know 97% of you won't post this as your status, but the 3% that do are my friends  in honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post  freedom is not free "
"ugh   this is just great!! can't believe i got to deal with this now, of all the times   merry christmas to me     sad "
"having christmas dinner with <propfirst>, jakob, <propfirst>, and grandma  got gift card and money  cj called from texas today and we all got to talk to him!!"
very bored right now  text me
going snowboarding with jakob today and then shopping later
jakob is spending the night  going to milwaukee tomorrow 
dealing with all this stuff is very stressful  need to get out of here for a while  
long tiring day  it doesnt feel like a tuesday at all   
at the swim met in fort
ugh!! what a day   
"please ? put ? this ? as ? \your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? \or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be \? found  ? will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour? ? do it for all of \us!\thanks  smile  ?"
<propfirst> broke her collar bone : ( talked to her mom today at lunch to see how she was doing and she's coming to school tomorrow  making her a card for her!
sometimes i think doctors are just ridulous!  
great game tonight!!!!
pretty bored right now  <propfirst> and jakob just left  might see my grandma tomorrow
"pizza night with <propfirst>, jakob and the rest of the family!"
ugh just get on the computer and dad logged me off right away  annoyed 
first day of exams went good! <propmale> out with <propmale> and <propfirst> afterwords  laugh 
another good day at school  got to see part of <propmale>'s swim met smile  got my employability skills and biology exams tomorrow
cj graduates boot camp in 3 days! <propfirst> leaves tomorrow to go to texas
omg its so cold im my house!! leaving soon tho 4 my haircut appointment
spending the afternoon at <propfirst>'s
very bored  just got home from courtney¿s  dad is picking up <propfirst> from the airport
i am getting very irritated right now  annoyed  some people need to learn to pick up there phones
"sick of dealing with this bullcrap but i guess i need 2 get used 2 it  bored out of my mind, text me"
im starting to want spring to come   i miss warm weather
for some reason this day went by very fast  lets hope tomorrow goes by fast also!!
hate it when my plans get cancled last minuted
spending some time today with <propmale>  love 
this week sure is dragging  next week is going to sooo much worse  got alot going on
"i am officaly sick of <propmale>'s dad, he is such an ass  im sick of him blaming me for stuff and the way he treats me and <propmale>"
loved the game tonight!!  laugh 
had a pretty good night  watched some cool movies and had a fish fry with <propfirst> and my cousins  now jakob is spending the night
"i am so screwed when i move out, i cant even cook grilled cheese without wrecking that"
"had a good day today  nothing too special happened but none the less, it was good  i love you <propmale>  love "
"such a long day, <propfemale> glad to b home!!"
im loving this weather!
going to milwaukee today to watch a cheer compition! should b fun
"kids with special needs \aren't weird or odd  they only want what everyone wants   to be accepted  can i \make a request? is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for \at least 1 hour? this is in honor of all children made in a unique way  you \never understand a situation until you are faced with it "
practice was amazing  loved the new stunts we learned
<propmale> out with <propfemale> tarr today and had alot of fun! got <propmale> coming over tomorrow for most of the day  smile   love 
"shopping, four-wheeling, and spending time with nick   the best way to spend the day"
went to milwaukee today with dad and <propfemale> to go to the car show! saw some awesome cars
basketball game tonight! cant wait  laugh 
open gym tonight at gymntastics with <propfemale>!! spending the night at here house also
ugh   snow  annoyed 
"had a good time today! gave blood for the second time now, but what probably made my day was <propfemale> johnston after she gave blood!  laugh  haha"
omg its amazing outside! nice and <propfemale>  smile  haning with <propmale> tonight
well i learned one new thing about my sister  she is very afraid of mice   
"oh what a day, i love my 8th hour class  just makes my day all the time!!"
made puppychow  smile 
spending the afternoon at <propfirst>'s  its such a beautiful day out!!!
"cheer banquet tonight! my headache is finally gone, lets hope it doesnt come back "
<propfemale>!
"im all packed up and ready to leave for my vacation!! so jacked but now is going to be the hard part, an 11 hour drive  annoyed "
currently in indiana!
"staying in lexington, ky for the night then only got 3 more hours of driving before we get to our cabin in tn!"
on the road again   i just cant wait 2 get on the road again   
just went through the ripley¿s aquarium! had a lot of fun <propfemale> many cool ocean life 
had a great day today  can't wait for tomorrows hiking trip!
"i have a tattoo, so i'm a trouble maker  i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear make-up, i'm fake  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything without being labeled  so what? go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit! re-post this if you're proud of who you are  i am   smile "
had a pretty good day untill it started raining  sad  oh well tomorrow should b a good day for another day of hiking!
"on our way to the highiest point of the smokie mountains  its so beautiful up here, theres a little bit of snow up here and ice! i love it here"
almost half way home! this spring break went by fast
feels so good 2 b home
