df346e993b0d37e8ac65bb7d05d359c9
i finally sold out to facebook  the internet owns me once again   
almost halfway through fellowship of the fuckin ring!
"bodyboarding, right now,  54-58 degrees in a spring suit, rock n' roll "
*bleep*bloop*bloop*bloop*bleep*bloop*bloop*bloop* almost time to record   
"finished recording my drum tracks today    sounds great, broke producers cymbal, claims that i hit to hard    anyways im beat "
big love was freaking intense tonight  what a crazy ass show   
lost my cellphone at the club last night    message me your <propfirst> so i can get a hold of you fools   
carls jr 
i make babies cry!
led zeppelin and costco pizza!!
awesome morning at newport beach today! waves were nice and there was a dead penguin corpse on the shore!! wtf?? freaking bad ass 
dio has passed into the ether    see you on the other side someday  thanks for  all the music 
i think its becoming customary for me to crack my cymbals 2 weeks before a show (nothing disheartens a drummer more than breaking cymbals    hopefully to be replaced soon!!) good news: i survived being slammed into the jettis this morning by paddling like mad and begging the ether to spare me!!! still get to have more fun than ever today!
going bodyboarding! my hair has a mind of its own and tries to drown me in the ocean! im gonna try to use 2 hair ties today to lock these tentacles down!!
holy shit i just got home  long night of punk rawk practice    spiritual talk with marv  ate nothing but cookies and vienna sausages all day yesterday and this morning    now its time to hit the waves!!! blah my arms twitching!! (im not on drugs )
just listened to sleepwalker by the kinks for the first time    what a masterpiece    definitely in my top 3 albums of all time 
"havent had the internet since thursday    more or less residing in elsinore    more or less a wandering drummer    drifting in the murky mire towards a water fall in reverse, ascension towards a blue burning sun with its cathedrals open till <propfemale>   "
thanks for all the birthday wishes    you guys fuckin rock  id thank you all personally but im too lazy  come to chazing zeros show at the whiskey!!! (had to plug that in )
i didnt vote  hope you chose the best liar 
my phone isnt workin    ill get in contact with you guys somehow    ill be at wass tomorrow see you fools there 
"doll hut tonight\unit f 9 surprise o- 9 smile 5\trash monsters 9:50-10:20\<propfemale> wire dolls 10 smile 5-11:10\no <propfirst> 11:25-12 surprise 0"
