a643c04eac2c64508e4a494e2524afbf
why will nobody txt me?
whats wrong with kissin?
 
life throws many decisions at you    its hard to choose in this case   
she's not sexy or fine she's beautiful   
i find my self looking at her pictures more and more often just so i can pretend shes right here with me   
took 10 minutes to say goodnight   lol
i hope you feel better    it will be ok   
"\its rainin little white women\""- pimp from norbit"""
some secrets are best kept to yourself    no matter how bad you want to tell   
"find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who calls you back when you <propfemale> up on him, who will lie under the stars and listen to your heartbeat, or will stay awake just to watch you sleep    wait for the boy who kisses your forehead, who wants to show you off to the world when you are in sweats,"
"if i has to choose between loving you, and breathing  i would use my last breath to say i love you "
"true love never dies, even if you have found a new love, the sweet memory of the past will continue to hunt you for the rest of your life "
"some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream   "
who made life so difficult   
sometimes a bird prefers its cage more than the outside world   
you know who i hate   i hate people   
im now on formspring   ask me some questions   
this is what happens when you get baby powder on your keyboard and you try to clean it off   vuihdajsnrequgfuyzsdfgioeyufvgbhiaygiodfsahgyefoewugb
how do you tell somebody you care alot about something without them gettin hurt?
i really need somebody to txt    bored as heck   
happy mommy's day   sad story    my friends base ball coaches mom died friday   two days before mothers day   so sad   but to all of those who are blessed to still have their moms around make it special   
<propfemale> rayy-bayy dickson = wooohoooaaaaahhhhwoooo icecream whoooahhhwhoohooo pie    
oh no she just didnt!!!
i am sorry    dang!!!
if your reading this i love you   no not you   you   that girl   you know who your are   
do you even still feel that spark of love?
blasting music sooo loud that the my floor is vibrating    it feels cool   
i took the trash out and i can still hear my music
you text somebody   yhr dont reply   you dont know if you annoying them or not so you dont text them again   
who do you think would win a fight between a grilled cheese sandwich and a taco?
life annoyed ots of things all wrapped in to one big diaper!
i dont even know why she be gettin mad at me   
i wanna talk to her but obviously she has nothing to say so i guess i two can play at this   i really hate this childish im not talking to you game   
your supposed to let people in during a time of need   instead you kick them out   
listenin to music yall aint ever heard of   
9013615092   txt me   
i like that french vanilla   that caramel   when it come to chocolate   i know that very well   
im pouring with sweat  just played 2 v 2 bball   i feel like swimming
i think jai <propmale> is gonna get off beat on 8 o clock roll call    its freestlye but we know he prolly writin his rap as we speak   
pizza party in c l u e  hahaha!!! we get pizza tomorrow yall dont!!
what's up   
i don't see why everybody is breaking up just cuz it's summer   
<propfemale> got out of math class to watch a movie and left the rest of us behind
somebody txt me since u know who wont   
out to eat with my friend   no adults   
"some people say forget about the past! but i could never do that because you are my past, present, and future !- thanks tristiny"
"treat your girl right, or someone else will   "
thank god for my friends mom   wait are you my friend? either way you mommy is da bestest!
when life gives you lemons make lemonade    you need sugar and water also to make lemonade   
what's your philosophy on affairs? the cheater? the other man woman?
<propfirst> beaver on snl: yoeeeou smiieeill ayee smeiiel    he cannot sing   
she didnt say she didnt like me   
are you ignorin me for a reason?
if its this hot now i cant imagine what its gonna be like during the summer   
details of the computer exam?
was the computer exam hard??
glad we made up
u happy its summer?
why do some names have to be so exotic?
its odd how tight you can be without having met them!
idk why!!! but my nose has a burning sensation
are we friends or are we together?
why do girls always put themselves down   
just saw some retard walkin in the street    he had pooped on himself    you could see it   
somebody light up a blunt down here at sunset symphony   
txt me   901 361 5092
on beale    lots of    women     smile 
every dude that sags walks like he has a stick up his but    or something else   
saturday night and theres nobody to talk to   whats up wit dat??
life should be like this   i dont know what day it is   i sleep till i want   and just do stupid stuff all day   is there a job where i can do this and get paid?
the one person i enjoy talking to hardly ever gets online   
omg omg   gary <propmale> the short black midget dude(not tylen) died   omg   im 2 days late but omg!!!
omg   telepathic brain message   get on facebook!!
omg im typing(chicken scratch) in the dark and actually doing kinda good
wtf   you no life having peices of    somthing ask me a question!! http annoyed  www formspring me spencerkaaz
36 people on facebook 4 on myspace   whats that say   
during the day maybe 5 people were online    now theres like 46    is everybody part bat?
i hate it when your texting somebody and they get sleepy and you treat it as if they are dying   noooo    dont leave me!!   
dude your little sister is stalking me!!!
somebody in germany is trying to hack my account!!!
bye   bye  cya  ttyl   bye  have fun   bye  ok im going now    bye   ok   cya   
i just liked 46 different things!!
i forgot what day it is   
pretty boy swag sounds like the dude from <propmale> in the middle with one lung started rapping!
so   sup
omg <propfirst> bieber is gay!! for serious!!
(checking voice mail)spencer   delete   next message   spencer!!   delete   next message   gosh thats all my mom know how to say  
sittin in a hammock    wind is blowing    sun is out    perfect moment    just need a girl here    lol   
i wanna get chocolate wasted!!
"if you love something, let it go  if it comes back to you, its yours forever  if it dosent, then it was never meant to be "
"its amazing what a few words or a conversation can do to a relationship  make it worse, better, and over  in this case it was better "
2 days 7 hours 25 minutes and 42 seconds till worldcup!! worldcup= super bowl ncaa <propmale> cup pga   whatever sport whatever championship   but better!!
i hate it when you have unsent messages and your conversation gets messed up and then you realize it!!
(start conversation) hey   sup   nun u?   nun   (end conversation)
1 day 22 hours 43 minutes 36 seconds!!!
mrs  bowers is as my house swimming   lol
i hate it when girls send other girls or pretend to be other girls and get them to flirt with you to see if your trustworthy
went on a friends page   had 182 friends   and guess what   friends in common=182    weird!!
i want a phone call   
why will you not talk to me?
watchin the worldcup!!!
i give up   
aww hes sooo cute!! (walks away) holy crap that kid is ugly   lol
hold on ill call <propfemale> nack   never calls back!!
you look like a moose!!!
talked to my baby for an hour and a half new recored!!
monkey babies!!!
<propfemale> me on <propfemale>chat! at id: spencer1995  -  http annoyed  pingchat com
"reading \jane eyre: an autobiography by <propfemale> bronte\"" ebook on my mobile http annoyed  wattpad com 83012"""
gooooooooaaaaallllll!!!!! 1-0 germany is winning!!!!
im going to germay for one month!!! duces <propfemale>!!!
9013615092
usa you suck!!!!!
whooohooo!!!!!!!!! 4-1 germany won against england!!!!!
in germany walked at least a mile in the airport then rode 4 or 5 <propmale> on a old granny bike!!! all in my first day
hi from germany   i misses joo peoples    hope joo havnt forgetted me!!
vampires suck    now that's a real movie!!
wtf phineas has a new voice?!?!?
i swear to god i felt an earthquake    i was layin on the floor and rumble rumble i was like ahhhh!!! emergency evacuation!!!
if ur a dude who is alive in this <propfemale> go see the e playful endables!!! best movie ever    it was awesome as    nothing else cuz its the best ever
im soooo lonely soooo very loonely i have no body   cuz <propfemale> left me!!!
from 5pm-10pm i had a blast with lilien <propfemale> ploderer and <propfirst> claunch  got home and talked to lilien <propfemale> ploderer <propfirst> claunch and debriel musouka megumi from 10 smile 0pm-2 smile 0 am  i had so much fun!!!
"add me on oovoo or skype \username for both: spencerkaaz"
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz 
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz 
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz 
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz 
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz 
add me on oovoo or skype username for both: spencerkaaz
"<propfirst> isn't a vampire , he lives in the <propmale> , he doesn't eat people ,and he sparkles  hes obviously a <propfemale> "
whats wrong with taking a bath?!?!?!
do you take baths or showers?
line in a mcdonalds rap: dont get a number two my friend cuz itll be a large number two when you see it again
some guy just called me gorgeous!! weird??
male: the word of the day is legs  female: so? male: well lets got to my place and spread the word 
is it genetic for girls to think they're not pretty? the most beautiful girls think they are ugly!
i sneezed about 10-15 times within 2 minutes today in math and <propfemale> corral thought it was funny!  i was miserable!
i love me some caramel!
"i thought i was the only one that like any music past the 80's  glad <propfemale> <propfemale> nguyen and <propfirst> dontcallmecaptain <propmale> have an appretiation for \real music\"" too """
somebody text me!!! 9013615092
smh=suck my hoe
had a good day starting at approx    2:25   lol
if you like eminem and yelawolf try ordinary peoples they sound a lot alike!
<propfemale> <propfemale> nguyen
why do some people have 10 of the same picture!!!
put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay  my wishis that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice- people who are gay are not looking for a cure but acceptance andequal rights!! 93% won't copy and paste this  will you make it your status for at least one hour? promote love & acceptance!!!!
nymphomaniac
ipod touch for sale! no screen scratches and little back scratches 
suggest a good movie for me to watch!
love is evil  i'll show you  spell it backwards  -eminem
"bromance: the intense love shared between heterosexual males  a form of male bonding and usually invisible to the naked eye  this bond is normally only shared between two males that have a deeper understanding of each other, in a way no woman could ever realise "
lovin this new ipod!!!
aren't friends just amazing?
i feel horrible   sick! massive headaches   coughing   congestion   but i haveee to go to school   im just gonna sleep all day at school tomorrow   hope i dont get anybody sick!!
i have house shoes that vibrate!!!
"here i sit all broken hearted, came to shit but only farted, later on i took a <propmale>, tried to fart but craped my pants "
goin' to bed  stayed up past 2 the last couple of nights  and woke up early  needa catch up on some sleep 
txt me if your awake!!! 9013615092
