dc14fcfe1174ca732b51fa8f7f42ba1e
"thanks, random gambling, for winning me enough money to buy a functioning router  oh, the joy of internet access in my room again!"
"wow, i'm completely ass at <propfemale> adventures   "
"someone just quoted the commodores in regard to ball lightning  i'm sort of amused that a 6 1 with trample & haste is apparently \easy like sunday morning \"""""
why the hell am i awake at 3 in the morning? confusion at my own actions is continuing to mount 
"yawn  i'm so freaking bored  world, you're going to need to be more effing interesting "
"whoo! various activities happened! whoo!    all right, i'm bored again "
"watching zero punctuation  thanks, firefox, for allowing me to save flash movies to my laptop! now i'm mildly entertained  kinda "
hooray! more assorted activities that happened! whoo!
"huh  i just noticed there are a lot of ants next to me  i'm sitting under a tree inside, but still - quite a lot of fucking ants  and they're trying to eat my laptop's power supply, apparently  i didn't e playful ect ants to want electricity, really "
"heh  someone just said twilight is worse than being raped by a hobo  i cannot say i disagree  (in theory, of course   )"
"hopes to find a job, to earn the money necessary to live my lavish lifestyle  also, i want to buy dollhouse, which comes out this week "
"has to remember to check the <propmale> for his next semester of school  now, in theory, that could be done right now, but come on - that's obviously not going to happen "
"sweet fancy <propmale>, i'm tired   "
quoted happy noodle boy at someone earlier & is waiting for a response  it's either going to be amusing or awkward 
"is waiting with baited breath for the new smodcast to be put up  smodfast #3 needs to end already, damn it! plus, i'm really bored "
is being unnecessarily sarcastic to people for no good reason 
needs to go get the new issue of <propfemale> season 8  and then the next month needs to go by very quickly 
"has a horrific headache right now from a lack of caffeine  it's getting better, but still   kind of fucking hurts "
is pissed off at various people who are not currently talking to me  i don't even know why! it's both confusing & frustrating 
"apparently won some free cards  yay, me! i am entirely a fan of free magic cards   "
"is frustrated at how many awesome cards are available for the decks i want to make  why did you give me so many options, wizards? why?!"
is really bored  why is there nothing interesting to do at midnight? it's annoying 
is being an ignorant hate tank 
"is all twitchy from drinking a pot of coffee for some currently unknown reason  damn you, me-in-the-past! you keep doing things for reasons & not telling me "
is pretty damn excited about going to see inglourious basterds tomorrow  a tarantino-directed movie about killing nazis? good times 
"is still shocked at the ridiculous amount of violence in inglourious basterds  i liked it, don't get me wrong, but so fucking gorey & violent "
"is investigating ladder theory based upon being told to do so at 3 am yesterday  so far, it seems stupid "
is excited to presumably play one last time with common cube later today 
"hates the world of <propfemale> adventures, where virtual dice apparently have 17 sides labeled \1\""  fucking ridiculous """
trying to kill some time before having to go back to school tomorrow  very bored 
"heh  how often do you get to say \it's all super mega death christ 2000 bc 4 0 beta's fault!\"" i am very amused with myself """
"i just finished watching adventureland  that movie is a trick  it lured me in with the siren song of a land of adventure, but ended up leaving me bitter & empty inside  <propfirst> <propfemale> was pretty funny, though  all in all, pretty good, but i'm sort of disappointed overall "
"is amused that wizards has made a super-super-linear planeswalker  go, nissa revane  summon some elves  do it!"
"is sitting in the uc being bored and frustrated by a flash game  dammit, you stupid castle, i chucked 15 bombs at you: just die already!"
is confused by a dream last night involving a co-worker  even more confusion running rampant not a really good thing   
"is excited for fnm later  hopefully it goes: win --> get credit --> save credit to get zendikar  (holy shit, that set seems awesome   )"
is watching a really horrible video in order to do homework later  stupid college   i hate you!
has to go interview some random person for a paper  college - really fucking awesome 
"what's blue & fucks babies? me, in my lucky blue suit "
"recently got back from yelling random statements at passersby from a window, & playing sir mix-a-lot at them  that was fun "
"is trying to decide between studying for a test or going to <propfemale> out with random people  decisions, decisions   "
"just got back from watching some jesus-guy be foolish with a big fucking sign that said \jesus saves from hell \"" it was amusing  i want to go counter-act his sign with one that says \""satanists do it better  and more fun \"""""
birfday today  woot! and now to figure out how to guilt people into giving me free shit  hmm   
huh  apparently firefox has a plugin that allows you to have a dislike button on here  and now to show my disapproval of all their actions to the world  away!
"remember, remember the 5th of november, 1955: the day <propmale> l  brown invented time travel "
"so fat <propfirst> sat in the kitchen, and poured himself the final glass of white wine, and picked the cheese and the pepperoni from the top of the cold pizza while <propfemale> went off to run the bath and then started, suddenly and quite loudly, to scream "
i should really work on those papers for english  right after i take a nap 
"ow   shoulder   painful   fuck  why have you forsaken me, shoulder?"
"curse you, montana  why does it need to be cold all the time?"
"goddamn it  now i've got the theme song to \animaniacs\"" stuck in my head  i foresee this slowly driving me insane   """
dammit  now everything tastes like soviet russia  happy new year though 
"awake before all my friends and got breakfast  i have a sneaking suspicion that i just don't fundamentally understand this \new year's celebration\"" thing   """
"about to apply for a cashier job  oddly enough, they wanted a resume  apparently orange street food farm has very high standards   "
officially pissed off  how is it fair for a single textbook to cost more than all the other things i need for next semester combined? ridiculous 
why bother doing nerdy activities if you don't take it to the extreme? i'm doing research to decide what kind of character to make for an upcoming d&d campaign 
"would like to know what's going on without having the answer change 5 times in as many minutes, damn it "
just got an email from thinkgeek telling me about the stuff i can get with my points  i'm left with a renewed urge to find a job  i need more cool but unnecessary tchotchkes!
who cares about the super bowl? a bunch of grown men playing with balls on a sunday afternoon - i don't get it 
bored  and tired  and distracted  getting that speech written by thursday is seeming less and less likely by the minute 
apparently i have to pay more attention while chewing gum  i bit the inside of my cheek earlier - the hole is about the size of the tip of my pinky finger  frigging ow!
"is going to sleep  tired, tired  oh so very tired  <propfirst> wants some sleep!"
"regelneuker means  \rule-f*cker\"" in dutch  i am very amused by this """
apparently got an 85 on my speech  the audience must have had a very different impression of that train wreck than i did  shrug 
"wants to watch house, but there is only one seed available  frown  that's not getting downloaded for a while "
"one of the dollar stores in town has starbucks doubleshots for $4 00 12-pack  i'm so hopped up on caffeine, i could vibrate through walls like the flash "
"is bored, as a result of failing to find anything to distract myself from the current problem at hand  and useless speculation is frigging boring! sigh "
apparently going to see cop out later  who'dve thunk it?
"wow  cop out was amazing  if you haven't seen it, go  go now  i laughed my ass off "
"finally finished his taxes  not what i thought i'd be doing at 4 in the morning, but   "
"is befuddled, intrigued, and envious  damn you, random conversation!"
"back from bowling  go go dollar games! got a 178 somewhere in there; not too bad, i suppose  all in all, good times were had "
drunken teenage girls are amusing until they go to hug you  then it's just kind of awkward 
"stop outbidding me, foolish ebay people! i want to get things for less than they're worth, and you're ruining my fun!"
"i'm apparently going to see hot tub time machine  never underestimate the value of a free ticket, kids!"
"\roman polanski comes to me and says   \"" \""here's some quaaludes  bend over; your shoe's untied \"""""
"yes! i will, at some unknown point in the future, have a job!"
decided which presentations i'm going to go to on thursday & friday  it was tough - apparently no one knows how to make an interesting economics presentation 
is pissed off that kick-ass is not going to be available for my viewing pleasure in missoula 
yes! kick-ass is such an awesome movie!
i don't have to present my speech until next week  this is a very good thing  now i have time to start writing it 
is getting frustrated by the daleks' indestructibility  there's only so many times you can come back from complete destruction before it just gets annoying 
google! un-disable my account right now  i mean it! grr   
\i want you to sniff these handkerchiefs, and tell me which one smells \dc14fcfe1174ca732b51fa8f7f42ba1e,is about to watch <propmale> & the chipmunks 2: the squeakual  it's at this point i'm beginning to think i am far too easily amused 
is done with finals! yes!!
iron man 2 was really cool  the post-credits teaser was actually really cool 
"i don't think i'm alone in saying i would pay exorbitant fees to watch <propfirst> downey, jr  dicking around onstage as <propfirst> stark, no iron man required "
ichiroooooooooooo!
grr   team fortress 2 needs to start being functional & let me connect to a server  i am getting pissed off 
nom  tasty hoagies & a soda drown the disappointment of going 3-3 at the nationals qualifier this afternoon 
all the best decisions are made after 3 in the morning   
do not google blue waffle  i think i might puke now   
"might actually be recovered, finally, from my first shift at carmike  it's been 6 hours   "
is bored  soooooooo boooooooooorrrrrred 
   master ninja theme song!
\first they came for the verbs, and i said nothing because verbing \dc14fcfe1174ca732b51fa8f7f42ba1e,this is going to bug me all day   someone is apparently going to utah  but i don't know who  curses 
catching up on podcasts  i have 13 hours of other peoples' conversations to listen to  and   go 
11
14
20
24
27
30
34
39
there's still almost a week? i want it to be saturday now   
"someone forgot $50 in change at the self-serve registers at albertson's when i was there earlier  coincidentally, i got $48 and free cereal right around the same time   "
is in seattle for a ptq tomorrow  fun times are hopefully to be had 
"wow, <propfemale>'s body is such a horrible movie "
"the last airbender was not quite as horrible as i thought it might've been  it wasn't as good as i hoped, either "
"\you know who else wanted to follow his dreams and ambitions? hitler!!\"""""
"time to go celebrate life, <propfemale>, & the pursuit of happiness  also known as blowing up stuff with other stuff "
sleep   !
"i need to go to sleep, for the m11 prerelease and work tomorrow, but i'm not tired! this is a conundrum "
i can't believe i had to get up at 7:15 to move tree branches    frown 
is going to see inception in a few minutes  hopefully it will be better that the last movie i saw for free - the last airbender 
"wow  inception was really really good  the end made me mad, though "
just finished reading all the <propfirst> pilgrim books  why can't it be the 20th already? i want to know what happens next!
"watching clerks the animated series with one of my friends  \sharks only swim in salt water!\"" \""i have salt water in my toilet   \"""""
my feet really f-ing hurt   
"goddamn it  i really, really hate my stupid car "
now has a much larger television  who knew goodwill actually sold quality merchandise?
"dammit, laptop, you have an s-video out for a reason! stop going into a seizure of technical failure every time i try hooking you up to my tv!"
drinking some coffee & trying to acclimitize myself to waking up at 6 in the morning again  i don't know which one is more horrible   
whew  tuition nightmare looks like it's solved at this point  awesome 
"gaah! in what universe does \buying a pdf version of a textbook\"" equate to \""having to open each chapter as a pdf from an ebook version & save it manually\""? anger!"""
learning how pathfinder works in order to maybe be able to get some gaming in 
i hate you irs! i just need a copy of my w-2! this automated phone system is cruel and unusual punishment!
"insert your own nationalistic, jingoistic statement here "
wants it to be tonight already  anticipation   
is really excited for the scars of mirrodin prerelease tomorrow 
"4th place, after completely bombing the first round of the prerelease? i'll take it  and my free packs  oh, hello elspeth - i hear you're worth cash money   "
"has a fancy new phone now, with a functional space key! that was beginning to get really annoying   "
"   and i'm 21! wait, i have no <propfemale> to drink  well, this has been a boring birthday so far "
7 out of 10 gds essays done   this seems much more difficult than i thought it would be 
just sent in my essays for the great designer search  here's hoping that i will make it to the next part of the competition 
passed the exam portion of the gds2  multiple choice questions to come on wednesday 
"\creativity is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration  and 175% haters \"""""
"i don't have school today, but i have to go to work  why am i not allowed to vote in the evening, um? huh? help, help, i'm being repressed!"
everyone ranting about the 5th of november today: why do you support the return of a catholic monarch to the throne of england?
wow  tsutomu yamaguchi is the only person alive who has been hit by both atomic bombs used during wwii  i am somewhat impressed 
trying to help <propfirst> wamsley get his car stereo to work  it'd be good if i knew anything about wiring and such   oh well 
"\sometimes there just isn't enough vomit in the world   \"""""
"you & i wake up in jail together     using only four words, what would \you say to me? note: if you comment, you've gotta copy and paste this in \your status so i can comment on yours! fair is fair    play along!"
i hate net present value so much  oh so very much 
"change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to join \the fight against child abuse and not see a human face on facebook until \monday, december 6th copy & paste to your status and invite your \friends to do the same!"
got bored  started listening to old episodes of the <propfemale> arcade podcast  hilarious comedy gold 
frown  my brilliant plan seems likely doomed to failure from events yet to occur  i am displeased 
"god-fucking-dammit, why does the world hate it when something might go well for me? this is a really shitty situation now and i hate everyone involved "
just ordered some fancy dice  because who doesn't love more dice?
unisystem   bah  this is getting annoying   
"hates windows vista with a passion  why won't it let me upgrade it with this 7 disc? if i don't remove the cancer, you will die, computer! do you want to die?"
that was odd  helped a friend do some photo-class project by wearing an eyepatch and assailing people with a plastic sword 
"aah, freshly-reinstalled win7  let the re-installation of everything   begin!"
that's numberwang!
"dammit, farscape, you cannot yank someone's eye out of the socket, fit a chip the size of my thumbnail to their optic nerve, then snap it back in with no ill effects  that's just not possible "
catching up on smodcast  i have like 35 hours of podcast to listen to; should make a good break from farscape 
"confusion, boredom, and annoyance running around in my head at breakneck speed  feels like my emotions should be accompanied by yakety sax "
vacation is not treating me well  i'm going stir crazy   and it's only been 3 days   annoyed 
edh! huzzah!
"at this point, i think i am the personification of indecisiveness  i wonder how i could tell, though   "
"\legally acquiring\"" some christmas music \""from itunes\"" """
"all of my gifts are shit, unless they're cash  and no stores are open today  i almost want to go into grinch mode at this point "
"<propmale> butcher, why must all of your books be so awesome? you're going to make other authors feel bad   "
<propmale> legionnaires with bending powers fighting against pseudo-zerg? oh my god this is such a good series 
i am hating multiple people for their indecisiveness with the fury of a thousand suns right now  how hypocritical   
senator arnos is such a complete asshole   
drinking cocoa out of a mangled starbucks can because of an abiding mistrust of the cups in my house  so goddamn classy 
is really disappointed that the game i just made a character for is probably not going to happen  *sadface*
"the next time someone asks if i want a reason to mock them, i need to say no  just   no "
note to self: mountain dew does not wash down schezuan sauce very well at all 
damn  my ranting has been denied  i'm not at all pleased 
"wants to play some edh this week, but is far too lazy to begin the necessary task of magic player-wrangling "
sigh  now i remember why i was procrastinating this character-building business - unisystem completely sucks 
i'm beginning to question the wisdom of buying a lottery ticket each time i go to the grocery store  it seems like it's only making me poor and angry 
"\surreptitious?\"" \""uh   you put it on a pancake \"""""
"\you've got the opposite of procrastination \"" \""you mean overwork?\"" \""i think that's an addiction   like heroin \"""""
i am filled with laptop-based rage 
"is really bored, but the only real option is a rave, which i have almost no interest in "
"ah, mockery  what can't you fix?"
"i'm going to be classy, and not call you an asshole "
has groceries for the next week or thereabouts  i apparently eat lots of ramen when left to my own devices 
why do i listen to people when they make estimates as to when things will  happen? goddamn it   
i wish it was the end of the month already   i'm already impatient 
"dammit, today has been a day full of disappointments "
"\i've always dreamed of having super powers!!! this is just too much to resist! i have head-e playful lody!\"""""
<propfirst>'s!
why am i watching the tooth <propfemale> right now? it's a weird contrast to bride of chucky   
random trivia contest against <propfirst> lai   good times 
i need to try and find time for more edh before school and work steal all of my free time again 
"stuffed crust chicken, pineapple, and jalapeno pizza with extra cheese  yes!"
"one and a half weeks   time needs to go faster, dammit!"
"turn 3 wurmcoil engine, turn 4 wurmcoil engine   i think this deck is pretty good   laugh "
"got a signed comic and a copy of the \once more with feeling\"" soundtrack for being at muse for their \""buffy birthday bash\"" and knowing trivia  cool beans """
so   much   goddamn   pasta   ugh 
now i remember why i quit playing magic for a while   good cards are e playful ensive 
it needs to be next week  really  a lot 
"first thing i see on twitter when i log in: \investigate! incriminate! watergate!! #dalekwoodwardandbernstein\"" i love it!"""
"went bowling, then to dennys  good times    also, apparently my nickname is kyleoooooooooooooooo now  huh "
"bet $1, cashed out with $10  seems acceptable "
is watching kick-ass with a few friends  hit girl is hilarious 
"preparing for mirrodin besieged shenanigans tomorrow  coming up on 6 years of playing magic, but prereleases are never not fun and exciting "
"apparently my horrible sewing skills are not completely useless, since i managed to fix my pants acceptably enough "
"3-3, not great   at least i opened koth and blightsteel colossus to make up for it, moneywise   laugh "
goddamn it   it was nice on saturday!
apparently my laptop battery should be here today  only waiting 4 days is awesome 
holy shit  apparently there's a fire in the food zoo  and my coat is still inside   goddamn it!
i want it to be later so i can go bowling   
two packs of mirrodin besieged -> tezzeret and foil sphere of the suns  seems good 
why am i watching the dukes of hazzard right now? screw this!
so apparently i've been banned from muse comics inc  for a week? i am quite confused   i heard nothing about this when i was there earlier 
my order from thinkgeek hasn't even finished processing yet  2-day shipping is so worthwhile when it takes more than 2 days for it to even get processed 
wow  why can't this game accept wireless peripherals? screw you xbawks!
starting to remember how excel works  fancy-shit edh decklists are probably needless but surprisingly helpful 
"\note that your order could remain in this state for several days \"" goddamn it thinkgeek i want my tchotchkes!"""
"far, far too much snow  i hate you, weather! *shakes fist at the sky*"
"well, i guess no one wanted to go bowling  sad face  i was kind of anticipating that "
wii bowling  good times are being had 
"wait, why is my stuff going to kentucky? i'm located in the opposite dir   oh, 2-day *air* you say?"
phone acquired 
need to try and get more testing in  tempered steel might be a legit standard deck 
sardonic (adj ): characterized by bitter or scornful derision; mocking; cynical 
"only my feet concede that, in fact, it might possibly be cold outside "
huh  apparently mubarak resigned  hooray for egypt? shrug 
"damn it, why don't people have the cards i'm trying to find? you're letting me down, missoula magic players  really letting me down   "
is watching spartacus: blood and sand  there are so many random breasts in this show   it's rather distracting 
holding out at one life for so many turns   can he come back? come on guillaume!
"well, no extended tourny  sham  not entirely une playful ected, though  you've let me down yet again, missoula magic players "
"itunes is alive! and downloading many, many podcasts!  laugh "
i feel like i'm going to pronounce shaman as shuhmon from now on 
"just got \rock lobster\"" by the b-52's stuck in my head while writing pseudocode """
being strong-armed into asking someone out so they will be less annoying   that's kind of awks 
apparently no one is allowed to yell at work anymore  i had so much fun yelling all night though! this makes me a sad panda   
made a ridiculously simple program in visual basic  i am now full of undeserved arrogance regarding all things computorial 
"fish eggs getting thrown on people and many, many lewd jokes: some of the redeeming factors of working at the food zoo "
ugh   this is a seemingly intractable problem  hate   !
taco <propmale> <propfirst>! om nom nom!
i wish i had the ability to make decisions while not possessing all possible relevant information  it would be somewhat helpful   
frown  i hate it when a plan fails to come together 
"too much information to process for one thing, not enough information for another   goddamn it "
"it is a really good thing that there is no class in the morning   and now, to sleep "
der ohrwurm greift mich an! neiiiiiiiiiiiin!! *schüttelt faust*
"wow  listening to the nerdist podcast talk about boy meets world  \i didn't know this was going to turn into boy-meets-worldcast   \"""""
"kind of unsure whether to be somewhat depressed or extremely pissed off  sort of my own fault, i suppose, but still "
hmm  looks like i might be heading to butte in the near future 
bowling!
wind nooooooo!
so incredibly bored   frown 
bored   lots 
engaging in some monkeying-about with excel to make a reasonable decklist spreadsheet  now i need to relearn how to use excel to do some stuff   
planning and scheming   
oh hi state tax refund! fancy seeing you here!
"so i seem to recall someone getting into top 8 of the gp trial today as the 8th seed, and then proceeding to crush in the quarters and semis, going on to win the whole thing? but who could this mysterious person possibly have been?"
"welp, my deck is figured out for the 1 2k tournament in butte, barring crazy testing results  now to get some sleep, dammit "
i hate having to pay for things that i should already have 
"huh  i usually don't like this type of music, but girl talk is surprisingly compelling   "
hanging out with drunks at dennys is so much fun 
well that's a wonderful potential disappointment  well done <propfirst> estep 
taco <propmale> mar! om nom nom   
"i don't want to do this lab, but i also don't want to fail my programming class  decisions, decisions   "
"top 4 at game day  not too bad  free promo, a deck box, and i managed to pick up an extra black sun's zenith promo as well, so that's pretty cool "
"testing out the beta of firefox 4  i mostly like it, but some of my add-ons aren't supported yet so it only gets like a 70% approval rating "
buffalo chicken sandwich wins   deliciousity!
can it be friday yet?
"according to someone on twitter, i'm apparently a doctor  screw this university business, then; i'm going to buy a white coat, then off to the hospital!"
"dammit, i want to say something here, but i (uncharacteristically) don't want to be an asshole  what to do?!"
"i need to learn that when someone says not to google something, sometimes that actually means to not google it  oh god that was horrible   "
so many things to do today   ack!
"96% on the project i spent roughly 10 minutes on? yeah, i guess that's acceptable   "
and now   off to <propfirst>'s subs & espresso 
my ability to imagine only the extreme possibilities of any given scenario has not eroded over the years   
i need to stop causing me to be disappointed in myself  (seems unlikely   )
i can't tell whether that was a good time or a disappointment  i was definitely disappointed by some happenings tonight though    
a wild japan appears  dugtrio used earthquake  it's super effective!
"fun times  conceded to a couple of my friends to get them into top 8, where they availed themselves nicely(and split winnings with me, of course)  yay $100 for playing magic "
"well, to quote emo darth vader from episode iii    \nnnooooooooooooooooo!!\"""""
"q: how many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?\a: it's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it "
"if i enjoy a non-circular pie, does it still count as celebrating pi day?"
going to go see a movie and then have some pie for pi day  this day's turning up   
"\i don't care if you don't i don't care if you don't i don't care if you don't care\"""""
ugh  so very tired  school is a terrible thing & i hate it 
apparently it might not always be apparent when i'm joking  i don't actually know how to solve this problem 
"maybe i could buy a muzzle, so that i can stop putting my foot in my mouth so goddamn much   "
convincing lazy hippies to get back on twitter after a year so i can talk to them: good times 
fun times with people i haven't seen in a reasonable amount of time 
"i'm almost afraid that i'll have to add parenthetical notation when i type things, so it's clear that things are sarcasm, or jokes, or suchlike "
hmm  i almost want to go drinking for once to celebrate st  <propfirst>'s day  <propfemale> racial memory resurfacing?
huh  apparently random pedestrians enjoy flogging <propfemale> as much as i do 
"\what's going on in japan? some kind of festival?\"" \""it's actually a national swimming competition \"" \""dude   too soon \"" heh """
getting blamed for anonymous people sending messages about god smiting people down -> kind of confusing 
"\   i use that to fuck them someplace very uncomfortable \""\",dc14fcfe1174ca732b51fa8f7f42ba1e,"oh, the internet drama   "
"\global cultures!\"" \""i have no idea what that is or why that excites you   \"""""
sigh  browbeaten into getting skype  infinite frowns   
i wish i understood crazy people better so i had some kind of idea as to what in the flying fuck is going on right now   i'm so incredibly confused 
"wow, i'm incredibly bored  this sucks "
people are confusing   
i get 3 extra days instead of 2 for my programming lab! hell yes! thank you cs lab instructor for being supportive towards my procrastination 
going to miss the microecon class where we talk about game theory  nooooooooooo!
"damn it  this should not be making me as confused and upset as it is  curse you, emotions, you traitorous bastards "
*facekeyboard* *facedesk* *sledgehammerlaptop* hate   
bicycle get!
"apparently i'm making enemies because of the friends that i have  that's awesome  on an unrelated note, *facepalm x9001*"
"bah  i'm happy my program got done on time, but now i have nothing to do  woe is meeeeeeeeeee   "
everyone's talking about potatoes recently  i'm vaguely confused 
"\i'm sure those windmills will keep them cool \"" \""windmills do not work that way! good night!\"""""
"hanging out with friends, acceptable random people, and <propmale>: all in all, not too bad (except for <propmale>) "
"\so he's not going to <propfemale> out with people he knows and actually enjoys spending time with because he's got an imaginary position in a fake world on the internet? are you shitting me?!\"""""
"goddamn it, something needs to occur  time to go enact my will upon the world!"
"ugh  up too early  on the plus side, the bike is fixed(ish; the back tire is slightly  bent, so i had to loosen the brakes to unuseability for it to rotate, but whatevs), so i'm gonna take that for a ride "
"come out come out wherever you are, elusive kill <propmale> dvds    seriously where the hell did i put those movies? gone through 3 dvd books & 2 stacks of individual cases "
so very bored    frown 
"trying to figure out the best program for recording skype calls (audio, if not also video)  macs have a wealth of options and windows gets screwed, it seems "
so   frigging   bored!
"whenever i read the dresden files, i always hear marcone's voice in my head as fat <propfirst> from the simpsons "
"my standard answer to probability questions i don't care about: 50%  either [thing] happens, or it doesn't "
having a conversation involving plans to rent a house makes me feel far more adult than usual 
wile e  coyote: super genius
"goddamn it, this is frustrating  there are infinitely more options for 3 bedroom places than 4 bedroom "
"\to be is to do \"" - socrates\",dc14fcfe1174ca732b51fa8f7f42ba1e,"i love winning arguments by using google  <propfirst> estep, maybe you should learn this newfangled technology   "
sigh  bored and vaguely pissed off  today is kind of disappointing 
so frigging tired  ( troubled )
bwahahahaha    today is too amusing  i'm overwhelmed by schadenfreude 
"dammit, now i have songs from the lion <propmale> stuck in my head   "
"if you play a <propfirst> bieber song backward, you hear messages from satan  even worse, if you play it forward, you hear <propfirst> bieber "
just got back from watching <propfirst>  new entry for my top 5 favorite movies  so goddamn funny!
yay passive-aggressive response to something not really involving me 
"goddamn it, why has visual basic suddenly decided to fuck with me and not recognize these commands? grr nerd rage "
"i am loving these apple headphones  found them behind the radio at work  i definitely wouldn't pay $30 for them, but they're fancy and comfortable "
irritating pig latin-translator program done  huzzah! now to get my shit together for magical cards tomorrow   
"but they weren't thinking beings - only devices programmed with a simple set of responses to predetermined stimuli  (national book week  rules: grab the closest book to you, turn to <propfemale> 52, post the 5th sentence as your status  don't mention the title  copy the rules as part of your status )"
"\they should make an anti-facebook where you send enemy requests to people you don't like so you can just write nasty things on your status and read a feed full of people being assholes  and it will be called assbook \"""""
ugh   i hate being sick 
"may 9, get here faster!"
"\'infect me with your lovin'   fill me with your poison ' <propfemale> <propfirst> is clearly a phyrexian \"" heh """
"9th place after the cut to top 8 at the nationals qualifier   feels bad, man "
god-fucking-dammit  this is pissing me off   
"does anyone more computer-aware than i know how to fix ipods? left mine hooked to the computer last night to charge, and it apparently froze on the sync screen  windows & itunes aren't recognizing it, and no buttons are working "
"\and now it's time for our last question  the category: hermaphrodite nazi sympathizers \"""""
