7dcd0ab11d4bb8b1a7ad6e000d406212
"hello, fellow facebook associates  it's me! if you know me, or if you seen my ids on youtube, chat with me sometime  there's some friends i haven't seen in quite a while  thanks!"
"did anyone see 'sherlock holmes?\ it was really good!"""
i'm goon be on foxnews tonight or    whenever this month  they did a special story based on my tv production class  be on the lookout and tell me if you saw me! thanks 
bad news: my grandpa's in the hospital  should be out by this next week
"happy <propfirst>'s day  i still remember the secret admirer from middle school, and the <propfemale> i got from 12th grade  whoever sent these, thank you!"
got my new prescription glasses  more snow e playful ected tomorrow night-bummer
"been a hard few days for me and my family friends old neighbors, etc   last wednesday, my maternal grandfather passed away  the funeral was today  (teardrops)"
how's everybody's spring break? mine was good (went to my fifth beatlefest in new jersey this year)
taking placement test for suffolk today!! wish me luck!!!!
dentist's appointment today  no cavities  plenty of tartar on my bottom front teeth (bicuspids) j s y k  i don't mind the dentist
i'm glad  i'm going to college in the fall  goodbye to r p h s  soon
"a blackbird crow slammed into my house this afternoon  sadly, it died very shortly after the impact  (not the first time a dead animal is on the family's property)"
"good news, friends! i am now a member of the business and market honor society of new york state!"
might be going to a party in bay shore!?
this heat wave is unbearable! sorry to the summer lovers; i hate the summer 
i wish i was at disney world right now  there's almost nothing for me to do until august 9th!
my road test is this friday! wish me luck!
"bad news  (stop) failed road test  (stop) don't feel too bad(stop) it's not everyday you pass a road test first time around, better luck next time "
"attention to all my friends: me and my family are leaving for disney tomorrow! exciting, huh? (first time i've been there in 13 years) won't be able to respond to future friend requests, messages, or updates until saturday sunday; unless there's internet access over at my hotel  see you soon, you know who you are "
"i'm back people  everything's back to the \usual\"" and no questions? i'll wait """
"hey, everybody my 21st birthday is on the 10th that's right-twenty one"
thank you everybody! it is official
good news  i passed on my second road test! now all there's left is two weeks+ for my license 
happy turkey day! how is everyone??????!!!!!!
who still is doing christmas shopping? i finished last month and only took less than two days  happy holidays
"finally starting suffolk community on monday! also, i have my car-2001  <propmale> <propmale>  wish me luck!"
