78ee919be77e67e6c971534f904a5a22
caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaake!!!
finding old friends! fun 
uploading pictures  laugh 
today sucked
91 degrees and i'm exhausted    will i survive the long hike to walgreens for chocolate?  we'll find out!
"i made it, but then i got horribly lost and had to have my mom pick me up    annoyed "
why am i so bored
"sick, frustrated and generally pissy   drawing is hard "
"a psychic midget escaped from prison would be called a \small medium at large \"""""
ohmygod i love nirvana 
"happy llama, sad llama, mentally retarded llama, super llama, drama llama, big fat mama llama, moose!"
i'm awake   and it's 4 am   and i'm so loopy   my friends would have a lot more fun with me if they stayed up this late lol
hakuna matata   
samson is the bestest dog in the whole entire world ever!  laugh 
to be a kid again    where has the magic gone?
"if i was a raindrop, would you be my thunderstorm?  love "
"this summer is boring   at least it's not as hot, now that my hair is thinner  smile "
itchy all over!  i hate mosquitoes 
"k, i have ice cream, i'm happy now    smile "
happy fourth of july!  hope you're having fun    i'm not    laugh 
"i'm drawing something i've always wanted to draw, and it's really satisfying   i'm excited for the outcome "
i am not my own    for i have been made new    please don't let me go    i desperately need you 
ima walrus  nrrrghrrraaa 
excited for the three-mile hike to maroon bells - i leave tomorrow!
"never mind, the hike was canceled "
photos from the cave of the winds are up   go look comment like them   it'll make me happy inside 
elitch gardens! yay me 
man was born flightless to dare him to fly 
church camp   i'll be back wednesday!
meteor shower tonight!  look to the northeast 
and so it returns   school never seems to leave your heels 
raaaaain   i'm dancing in it    love 
   sometimes i wanna copy someone else's status just to see if they notice   
curse these allergies 
"i thought i was sleeping too much   then i woke up and realized i had no reason whatsoever to be awake   excitement, you have been missing far too long "
"darkness, cover me in thy sweet embrace "
"this is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time "
"all of a sudden my computer has mysteriously fixed every issue it's ever had, all while i was away at school?  and nothing i've ever put sweat and blood into to fix it prior to this has been successful?  interesting   nonetheless; thank you, magic, i hope you stay "
"a copy\of a copy\of a copy   "
bip!
cake is the language of love 
"but sometimes, it's just happy anyway   the end "
star-crossed lovers
"thank you, everyone, for your birthday wishes!  i never e playful ected such a response   i really appreciate it; love you all!!"
i am a bird imprisoned by the air 
so sleep becomes addicting  
i want to play a game 
"the boundaries which divide life from death are, at best, shadowy and vague   who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?"
these words mean nothing to me 
"\and where will it take me?\"" \",78ee919be77e67e6c971534f904a5a22,the dream is collapsing 
"don't turn away, looming <propfemale>   you'll have your revenge very soon "
