9dd37338d3e3797ce083d5bafe222e32
"let's just say we're all over,  like death on every corner   "
squishy 
this is your publisher  use it do not abuse it 
"you don't work for a living, yet you're over payed  laughin' all silly, like you deserve a raise "
"jesus christ, oh my god "
"god, jesus and allah"
"a color, motion picture machine  and an all-star dream team from the great ol' us of a"
"these shutter eyes, paint pictures with lines "
"and if it comes down to it, i will sleep right through this   "
"tell me what you've learned about jesus, and we'll laugh as we pray on the weak ends   "
"i've met satan, and i've met the man  and i'll never ever shake either of their hands   "
i can not be let down anymore   
"no names to who said this to me    but it sounds like one of these years    \well shit i need to do something tomorrow i'm going to be pissed if i have to spend another holiday at home looking up porn\"""""
so any ideas on how to dress up as the swine flu for halloween? because i would rather be that then drench myself in red paint and be a period  i'd rather be the guy who no one likes who only comes around once then like those annoying people who show up at parties uninvited at least once a month  shit and being swine flu means i'd have a reason to be stayed away from 
"boyjokes, <propfemale>, and bulletproof bunnies   "
seeing ghosts   
sees nothing of the sort  nothing but contort 
i heard vulgarity is just what boys do   
"i'm trying to learn this music language, because you guys don't understand what i'm trying to say in english   "
i thought we were in california there for a minute    we were having such a good time   
"has figured out in first person   what he only speaks about in third person    he is a big ball of manipulation, masturbation, and procreation   "
hip hop and slang words    sums it up like peanut butter and jelly     ya dig  
"is setting the tick apart from the tock to get where you were going in that smock oh wait was that a clock nope you're wrong there  it was ah definitely spock gawkin' like a hawk oh where with that dream a manipulatin' machine  rhymes like a rocker,with beats from betties locker who stares like a doctor at the junk you didn't wanna show,but you let it go, hangin' out with ya tongue out now you know,this is twisted yo"
brains and the way they work    fascinating    
"i am going to die for my sins, i don't need you too jesus    thanks anyways though   "
"i'm an urban spaceman baby, here comes the twist    i don't exist   "
is finding disillusion in disbelief
"sick of ties and tar,  scratched out eyes wont get you far "
jghjsdaflakfj and kjglkajiejf plus a little bit of kdsfjal;ksjdfasdf
"your leather's bound backwards, for a rust red iron spoon   with a head full of disaster you were meant to be on the <propfemale>   "
"i don't need pleasure, i don't feel pain   if you were to knock me down, i'd just get up again "
"and when it comes down, i know where you're found, i know where you dug your hole "
$40 worth of reese's sticks     thank you jesus for my childlike mind and food stamps 
"is in need of three women   in relationships   not on birth control, and willing to abort   not sure if can impregnate   if it comes to pregnancy must be willing to abort   no attachments wanted   just willing specimens "
"it smells like bannana taffy,  i am unsure as to why   i've checked the bottom of my shoes and there isn't any stuck there which is kind of disappointing but hey maybe it's just my nose   i  mean i was born to a half menopausal mother                    "
"you're nasty, when it comes to being freaky"
is wishing these words were a different sound or a feeling to e playful laining in more depth the severity of his mental illness 
is realizing     to each his own mental illness          or whatever mental means 
"people are people, so why should it be? you and i should get along so awfully   "
"want's you too write what's on your mind, in a comment below this rather then on your own <propfemale>     fuck this mass posting of personal shit    lets create an underground!!!"
"oh christmas, how <propfemale> you make me   only i would see cancer as a gift "
commensed my holiday drinking after communion at midnight mass    as soon as that wine hit my tongue it was game on!
vaseline alley anyone?
life like relationships through revolving doors   in and out of this world like a character   
you smell as if you were baptized in a toilet mr christ   
down for you is up!
i'll hitcha quicka than liquor
"guide me from temptation, it's truly our disease   plant me firmly to this spaceland, so i can grow and not just see "
"i cannot cater to your loneliness,  'cause when i'm there you're still gone   "
just know that when life starts to swell    the 13th step is hell   
"clowns to left of me, jokers to the right    here i am, stuck in the middle with you "
trapped in the shadow of the cross    
hitchhiking my way to heaven   
is vulgarity a sickness or a joke?
bending reality for the sake of sanity   
i think i'm pregnant    
believing in nothing is easy   
if it wasn't for the red dashed lines under misspelled words on facebook    i don't think i'd be able to spell     thank you mr  facebook!
"87ed from every town, loneliness is where god's found   "
"i pray to buddha, to allah, and <propmale>     i turned to jesus and stayed there with him    "
do they allow you same sex relationship status' on facebook?
"i'll meet you on, the galactic plain   "
"damn it, facebook is just like high school all over again "
sitting in a tin can   
breaking down pop songs mathematically to figure out the code to writing ms  spears' next bit hit 
is wondering if <propfemale> fawcett was given the 'fawcett doo' before being buried   
"i'll trade you the ability to pee while standing, for your ability to multitask    deal?"
the little jew that could     jesus jew idiots   
just to watch him die   
kaaapowwwww man
paranoid schitzoid product of the 21st century
thought broadcasting 
"black gold my friends, black gold "
"everyone i know, goes away in the end   "
bit by a dog with a rabid tooth   
"livin' on stilts, slippin' on ice"
stripped down to bones   
goodnight everyone
found out drinking is not a competition to see who can black out first    and i thought i was so good at this drinking thing    
"don't speak to me of hardship, don't speak to me of god   "
please somebody   
wishes kids used pianos rather than computer keyboards to convey emotions   
"i sold my soul for pennies, to toss in the wishing well   "
changing frequencies   
conscience is unconscious   
"you speak of sunshine, i speak of closing the blinds "
a deal with the devil   
"me sister is having a baby todayz, me will be an uncle in t minus    <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>"
is wondering why half of you are even on his friends list   
gods last name was damn   check this out    http annoyed  video google com videoplay?docid laugh 791007322683758535&ei=ivufs4zqdpzyqao13qsgda&q=religulous+movie&hl=en#
lame  exit facebook 
"<propfemale> la la la, loveeeeee"
"sickly sick, and sicker   "
this is the leaster of my favorite holidays 
medicate the mess you've made
"<propfemale> and her daddy    smoke a fatty in da caddy     and when we roll up on some kitties, we'll nibble on their shitties"
i guess using your sober id while drunk is not identity theft     and the bank nearly cleared my debt     shit    i seriously believe getting sober should give you a clean credit score and diminish debts over $1000     
it's <propmale> in the ditch    of the old boneyard    where the zombies make tones   
an ear full of pop     drinkin soda
potassicum
loves when the only person to 'like' or comment on your post is your significant other   
cumbubble 
"wishes he had leather pants, a bullet belt, purple eye shadow, and at least 5 hits of lsd   i want to go to lady gaga    really bad     it would be a shirtless affair    "
cunt rag bitches   
recording in an actual studio today 
this message will self-destruct in 5 seconds   
"it's a full time job, being crazy                  "
space pirate   
bets his mom could pound a beer faster than your mom!
"(daily markly comment) the wind blowing through the crack of my anus, makes me wonder if i'll ever be happy again   "
"has bought 5 packs of guitar strings due to steadily breaking them     by the time our show comes around, hopefully i still have strings or have money to buy some "
(markly daily comment)  i can't even feel the vibrating pizzle in my anus after enduring tonight's 'jam' session   
does not like this new suggesting friend trick facebook is playing   
"(markly comment of the day) as i slowly beat off this morning, feeling the crisp morning air     i suddenly out of no where began to see the white hit my eye   "
questions why there are 21 people online when it's fucking super nice outside   
is fuckkkkked up    
"kaleidoscope eyes i have, mmyesss"
the only pills i will ingest are green ones with money signs on them   
there is no clouds but there is lightning       global warming can you say?
regulators mount up   
the porcelain goddess of bowls   
neuropsychological exam tomorrow     shall be interesting    let us see what we can conjure up   
i shall be the biggest <propmale> you've ever encountered    mmmyesss <propfemale>
diggin' the english pirate setting facebook now has
i danced myself right out of hell     is it strange to dance so well?   
pink eye is now cooler than having a black eye
"show tomorrow, maybe check it out if your monday evening is boring   "
do believe i just e playful lained to a few girls that the word 'wives' is a derivative of the words 'white' and 'slave ' hahaha
blackbird raum tonight   
that was awful   
gargle    goes gurgle
partying on the weekends is so old school      
ohhhh bless your pirrrrghhish soul   
girls are weird period period
hollabooyahhhhh
thou bawdy lily-livered vassal!
first night in what seems like ages that i get alone with the lady 
positive disintegration   
allah akbar   
"may your house be calm, while mine burns to the ground   "
"swinger party, your house!"
"hey dreamboat, get on the groove train!"
there were seriously just two deer running down 23rd and state st    
boo!
i'm pretty sure <propmale> young has the special power to take something sad and turn it beautiful 
did not change his profile picture   
likes carrots!
i guess there is a party at mi casa     show up if you feel the need too    surprise!
the clawwwwwwww
"wow, who gave me whiskey after i was already hammered?!  i woke up with a cut on my face and feel like <propfirst>   "
totally convinced <propfemale> that 'general mills'(the cereal producer) was an actual general in the us army    hahahahaha  <propfemale> proceeded to convince her corporal mills is his son who produces the cheaper off brand   
a s l?!
gravefinder <propfemale> com!
sounds like the ghetto out there   
loves liking his own stuff
"vultures, marketears    or teers"
ohhh fux!  this could be legit!
"\he watched gilmore girls        \""-matthew moore"""
"she's a looker, i'm a lurker, i want sex from her   "
licka salt and     take a shot and     suck a lemon    
four o'clock mooch with h-money
epic waterfightz been happenin' all dah time lately   i suggest you fools load up on balloons and water guns and prepare to get blasted 
"water balloon fighters text \hell yeah i'm in\"" to 971-219-5666 or text <propmale>"""
you seriously have to check out the most recent activity on my <propfemale>    well most recent not including this    so below this post 
"just like jesus, i'm out of this shit hole!!!"
"sitting next to someone who just got released from jail, i feel bad ass    \love me some markly"
titz
ssd
"burg in the basket, burg in the toilet"
was shown one of the sickest swimmin' spots yet   two fucking waterfalls one 20ft and one like 35ft that you can jump off or ride down   totally rememberin' the directions!
anyone have a generator?!
epic waterfight by the derby track bathroom at upper bush park   8pm! be there or be fucking square!
many people who suck <propmale> like this 'insert word'
"don't mention it, wiener!"
"god, i should not be awake this early   i just get bored and do stupid shit haha! suckers, i tried to give you all a little taste of what i've been listening to lately wink "
"\sally rotten crotch\"" -best quote from an hbo series yet"""
ohhhh <propfirst>! 2 cocks!!!!!!!!!
dancing with a water gun and shooting boobies is the best!
facebook is lame on drugs 
show tonight! --> town & country bowling alley --> foxy night game lust wagon blacklights &more! 6pm  bowling afterward!!!  show the fuck up!
year off opiates = accomplished!  two years = easy as fuck
foxy night game at 4pm at the great idea at enchanted <propmale>
wyclef <propfirst> is attempting to run for the haitian presidency!!! hahahahahahahahaha
"enchanted we are,  foxy nightmare   foxy nightmare was printed on the paper where our band was suppose to play   unfortunately the lady printed it wrong that or it was a hilariously good joke someone played on us   kudos to that person, fuck whatever we were called before!"
"fucking <propmale>, cooking dinner for the masses      lud dat guy"
swimming anyone?
you don't have to be cool     to rule my world!!!
grab a boob!!!!  fucking for breast cancer!!!!
motorboat my ballz!!!
"builders & the butchers tonight, we have a mass group going     you all should be there!"
power-mountain!!!
snort amphetamines and forget about loving you     forget about loving you    
"<propmale> keeps poking me     i say those of you who want to put him in his place    poke him!  he may be strong, but if we work at him like dolphins killing a shark    we've got him!"
i met the owner of state st muchas today!!!  it was amazing!!!
"\the second she start messin' with my man   \""-danielle mooney"""
my <propmale> bones connected to your mouth bitch
poker
"poke list is growing, ever so slowly   "
poke captain i am!
is slackin'    
thirteenth step is the best
jesus fiend!!!
just got to watch cops send police dog into neighbors house while standing on sidewalk eating mooch!  oh the things that brighten up my days!
just emptied my poke chamber   
facebook how is it that you always tickle my fancy   
"um you're slackin' on the poke backs     if we're really friends, tap click that shit   "
always likin' my own posts!!! duhhh like!!!
"crabbin' tonight, <propfirst> sharpe concert tomorrow, and flaming lips at the end of next month!"
"drinkin' tonight, i! think! yes!"
"tonight i'll be drinkin' gin & joose     yeah i said joose, not juice"
pwned some fools last night!!! it was leet!!! fuxin' noobs
level down facebook     level down    
"workin' on the new comic book mr  sisk is writing and i am illustrating     should be killer, or at least we're both hoping "
swimmin' abiqua style today
who's that laaaddyyyy!!!!
"fathertron is in town, spending time with him minus a few nuts and bolts   "
"this is important please read!!!! annoyed \fkjdsao;lghjo[wiehtgowiaehfdovisahjvo;knasdo;fh oaweisdfhjasd jfo;asdhjf o;h jasdoghjoaweriy 91qh ckjsadnfvkadsnvckjn wera89y12yr f0hioawdhfadgjioasdfhjgaiwerhv oisdfnvoasdnfofivnoaisncffopasijfhioawesdhjfoishdavoiadhsvioajsocivjawsodifaweiosdfhjoaseigy9a8yc  ihoh feiodashfioh asdoifh w af ihasdf \ hoh asdiohf jas\ aspdfhi vaisdofh jfuckin fags"
soon i will be uploading a new photo album   me modeling my new boxer briefs   any suggestions on poses or things you'd like to see me doing while sporting my new undies?
blinded by the light   
"clownin' and frownin' busted <propfirst> mcdermott \while sitting in jail cell\\did i make it into busted or not?!  it's killin' me!!!!\""-aaron"""
confidential comic book files received     better start turning the the house alarm on when i'm not at home 
daily boxer brief shots up later this evening     first shot is of me getting the morning paper   i look pretty slick!  stay tuned   
fuxin' prix dix
"i'm a <propmale>, i'm a brotha, i'm the son of my mother, a faggot undercover   "
puddle stompin'
"dog lays on floor dreaming, he kicks his feet as if it's real   i chuckle   "
turd mongers
awards party soon indeed
"<propfemale> \you got drunk last night!!!\""\",9dd3733 laugh 3e3797ce083d5bafe222e32,soon i will be able to float down mill creek to mooch   working on a floating bucket prototype hooked to a rope tied up to our soon to be backyard for call in orders to be set it and pulled back up stream when the mooch worker tugs on the rope 
starting his own dating service     who wants in?
"i look out the window onto state street and only see the happy people driving by with their bellies full of mooch   i unfortunately have been trying to come to terms with mooch not sitting right in my belly   today is day one, muchas anonymous here i come   "
some of you people on my friends list i am pretty sure we've maybe spoken 5 words to each other if that     delete
party in mahh pj's
oh the glories of footy pj's     how i love thee
"<propmale>, zach, and i are challenging anyone to a street fight right now   <propfirst> <propmale> shots have made our coordination and reaction times better   bring it, anyone     now!"
i'm retardedly stoned right now    omfg i'm gonna paint a pretty pictures of my penises while i try to suck on it 
flaming lips last night was fucking killer
says better watch yo backz
sarcastic womanizing in public sure teaches you not to break character
bachelors in bullshit completed    masters in fuckin' people over coming soon!
"oh yoshimi, they don't believe me   "
lovin it
functionally shitfaced
happy birthday me
"saw myself in the mirror yesterday, woahhhh"
sickkkkk
"\i bet she slurps a nice peter   \""=best quote ever"""
how do jews find <propmale> and it's ethnic cleansing right?  it's as if they figure it's their right after the nazis did it to them   fuckin' jews
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=0ehx_ejghpi
"let someone cut my hair today, now i feel like more of a douche than i normally am"
found out he has a long lost twin
poke me in the eyes
oh the power of bad breath
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=vfkhvgwpcga
level up!
<propfemale> is buzzing me a sonic burger home   
hello halloween   
showers should be only for people who work   this way those with jobs would work harder to make this nation not stink anymore 
i'm really gay right now
just found my 8th grade student directory with <propfemale> line <propfirst> to each kids parents   commence cougar hunting!
just won a game of munchkin as a couple     how very cute nerdy
"\the window of awesome!\""\",9dd3733 laugh 3e3797ce083d5bafe222e32,"\she has a control tower up in the sky!  you can't see it but she uses it to control you!\"""""
watched a few episodes of wonder pets with my niece tonight!  8 months and she's already learning how to dance(with a little help)
i am going to try and pass out before i turn 24 at midnight tonight     so i best be on my way to drinkin' portlands finest vodka    then for round 2 tomorrow    after   workk      shit
im pretty sure i won
i seriously just found confetti between my butt cheeks     good birthday!
hurray i don't have to work today!
today has been a weird day
"i left my facebook logged in  it could have been a lot worse if i didnt have a great friend named <propmale>, who wouldnt mess around with my facebook  even though i know i would mess with his   "
believes lost in translation's soundtrack would be worth buying
walking dead here i come
double snowball all da way
grocery shoppin' fo da house yo
missed arcarde fire on snl    hulu here i come
how's dat can ah beans comin' long cuba??
fuck those motorcycle looking little kids bikes   i want a bike with a horse head and a tail so i look like i'm a cowboy ridin' a horse into the sunset 
"\everything he buys is from goodwill\"" \",9dd3733 laugh 3e3797ce083d5bafe222e32,facebook wont let me make my name 'eagle ninja nine'
has a feber of a hundwed and tree
goddamn the goddamned
"prefers to puke in a bowl, that isn't a toilet"
"thinking of posting this on craigslist     \looking for children i can employ to run & operate my unauthorized lemonade stands   must be willing to work for little to no pay and 7 days a week\"""""
orderin' pizza wit my ebt bitches
off center!!!!
"watching <propfemale>'s amazement of 'dog the bounty <propmale>,'  in turn i've ended up watching bits and pieces of episodes   his tactics are hilarious   i'm pretty sure bounty hunting was his second choice after hearing he couldn't be a cop being a felon "
portlandia sucks and should've been called <propfemale>
surprise!!!
well of course!
10 years into the war and we're finally using solar panels to power one base 
"so for years i've been waiting for the c i a  to contact me about a job  which i figured they'd do in some cryptic way  after announcing this belief to close friends of mine, they've convinced me i am delusional  damn!!!!!!!"
i believe <propfemale> sharted last night   she contests that it was in my dream   if so it was very realistic!
saying no is a lot harder after knockin' back a few
"new word \fuckied \"" how to use it in a sentence    \""get fuckied up\"""""
lemonade is my favorite word
not positive if i fought anyone last night    i just feel like i got to shit kicked out of me
has anyone noticed the facebook ad to be in the fbi or swat?  it has lil' <propmale> as the photo hahaha
jesus help me defeat my addiction to titties
lookin' for a competition   
"holy shit, <propfirst> petraeus may be running for president  this may make me finally become a 'voter '  hell yes"
wunderland in t minus 60 minutes     maybe a game of laser tag so i can kill a hoe
npr > plan parenthood
padre to be
nuh-night
alibi
"seriously just had a sequence of typos while attempting to type retarded   first was restarted, then redarted, retraded, finally retarded   boy aints i retarded"
keeps his 2 cents out of the pocket of evil
harder  faster  more destructive 
dissolve hierarchy
when drinking alcoholic beverages one and eight have no <propfirst> in between each other   
a tsunami is about to hit the oregon coast! sweet
most ridiculous of all letters  double you
"most awesome phrase you can get away with saying right after each other??? \what do you mean?! what do you mean?\"""""
i really love crazy people with youtube accounts   they really make my day 
facebook has a press enter for commenting on peoples shit  makes this below this post like a chat room
radiation found in cali    uh oh
rango or <propfirst>? that is the question
red <propfirst> and a little battle: los <propfemale> to end the evenin'
"dear meatloaf that is in the oven,\\i hope you don't burn due to lack of foil   i will introduce you to my good friend belly if you comply with my wishes \\sincerely,\<propfirst>"
"lookin' fo furniture, ya dig?"
mach speed cap'n
midnight bacon
the variables are invaluable
