47f4a846024acb134e6e840092ec5953
no bejewled???  fire??? what do i do now
day 1 365
my watering can is frozen solid  sad 
26 degrees   
16 fucking degrees     really   is that necessary?
gym   eat   gym    sleep
snow!!!
outside      very slippery!!!
"going to sleep, good night everyone"
"so, this morning i went to go walk the dog    sounds easy, but not when everything is ice   my first step on to the ice, i slid about 30 feet, but i still managed to stay on my feet  laugh "
"had an awsome workout     now eating, and headed to bed    night night everyone"
eating  smile 
"sore, and relaxing today"
"went to the gym    got asked out to dinner, declined    not i showered and am relaxing"
cold and raining all day!!! crappy day
borrreddddd
wants to go to florida!!!
goodnight
eating cereal and studying
back to the gym  smile 
night night too all
going to the dentist     wish me luck
"2 down, 1 to go"
i finally remember an entire day!!!
it going to snow again!!!!
ssssssnnnnnnoooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!   laugh 
still snowing!!!
i played in the snow!!!
the snow is still fluffy!!!!!
soooo    the fedex man rang my doorbell and woke up the girls     but then he gave me flowers    so i forgave him      thank you baby!!!
snows all gone  sad   stupid sun!
i have the best husband ever!!!
hates the dentist!!!
"had an amazing workout, an awsome swim, and now    eating a delicious bowl of steamed broccoli   laugh "
2 hours and 24 minutes till i go to the gym again!!  laugh 
amazing workout once again!
good night everyone
good morning!
headed to bed    goodnight everyone
cleaning house today
"its like i waited my whole life, for this one night  its going to be me, you and the dance floor   "
studying    again
going to bed    night night everyone!!!
happy 2nd birthday to kierstyn <propfemale> pabst!
taking <propfemale> to her best friends house for a birthday party  be back about 5
<propfemale> is teething!!!! it is horrible!!!
good night everyone!
"planted some herbs, did the laundry      now just reading"
heading to the gym  smile 
cleaning house  laugh 
i  love  spring rolls!!!
good morning!!!
making our porch pretty with plants  laugh 
"had a great workout, and amazing dinner   smile  and now     relaxing"
its snowing!!!
night night everyone
good morning
"walking puppy, and going to sleep    night night, love you <propfirst>!!!  and sissy's and mommy"
"\the constant unproductive preoccupation with all things we have to do is the single largest consumer of time and energy\"""""
should not be awake at this hour
needs caffeine!!!!!
going to the gym  smile 
shower and then bed     at 3 surprise 6am   
"i just glanced at my baby monitor only to see that my daughter is in the \taking off her diaper\"" stage    """
1 hour and 24 minutes till i go back to the gym  laugh 
why ohh why must my child awake at 4am?
mad gab
"somebody help mad gab     \you shore new dull\"""""
ohh my god!!! i cant sleep!!! i hope to here something soon!!!
where in the world is my husband???????
"16 hours since ive talked to him       i know he is fine, and probably caught up in this stupid volcano crap, i just hate not knowing she he will be here"
<propfirst> made it to <propfemale>!!!!  not home yet    but a hell of alot closer
"<propfirst> made it home tonight, it was an amazing feeling to see him with <propfemale>, and to just be able to hold him again  smile "
ice cream = belly ache
5am workout    amazing  laugh 
leg day!!! it was actually a really good workout!  smile 
mothers day       we miss daddy  sad 
"why would the nursery at the gym    be  closed on mothers day?  they should make the men at the gyk, work the nursery"
is cleaning      and waiting on my computer to ring so i can see my baby  smile 
<propfemale> fought like a champ    but shes finally asleep  smile 
night night
you are born frail and weak  you will probably die the same way  how you live in between is up to you 
i lift until it hurts because it feels so good when i stop  laugh 
"took the kids swimming, now    the wonderful nap time, and then <propfemale> gets her 18 month shots"
had an amazing workout   so excited to go again tomorrow
discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments
only the weak attempts to accomplish what he knows he can achieve::: suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret 
is very happy  laugh 
"<propfirst> made it home safe and sound    i am the happiest person on earth right now, just watching him play with <propfemale>  smile   i have my family back  smile "
going night night    lots of baking and decorating tomorrow  laugh 
get my puppy in 14 hours  laugh 
no voice!!! not even a squeek  so if you would like to contact me    the best way is via text message fo a couple days
"feeling better today, still squeaky, but at least i have a voice   just got done installing new screen, (energy saving), cutting back trees, trimming hedges, cleaning gutters, and installing a baby gate   next    i get  to burn it all  laugh     p s  incase anyone is worried, i did get my burning permit this morning  smile "
"another accomplishing day, now making dinner and getting ready to relax with my hubby :-*"
"true friends are hard to come by, but the ones you're lucky enough to find, you should keep forever   love "
any one need ce's?  i just finished a bunch
"my puppy is not even 4 months yet, and weighs 60lbs  laugh "
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
there is so much white fluffy snow outside!!!  i love snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"going to jersey tomorrow, keep your fingers crossed i dont get trapped in a blizzard"
"back home today, had a great time seeing my grandparents, but i hate new jersey!"
i am soon to be another fine member of the walgreens company again
busy busy busy busy busy
"being sisters means unconditional love and a bond that cannot be broken ~ you do not have to be born of the same blood, just share the same rhythm of the heart"
"where would we be without my mother? probably in the middle of traffic, without a jacket on, talking to some stranger "
you can tell a lot about a person's character by what they laugh at 
