36f071be2d7e934efc2342ef701afb70
just got back from uncles house  im so blessed to have my family  as the new year began we sang to the lord and worshiped his beautiful name  thankyou lord  smile 
i need a vacation   
just got back from camp     wish i didnt have to come back
"regardless of how magnificent the musical moments are, unless your heart is fully engaged in the worship being e playful ressed    its still only music "
long day      5 hr energys work   smile 
"yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the father in spirit and truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the father seeks  <propfirst> 4:23"
trying to break bad habits and trying to make good ones 
is it too late to register at tamiu?
just did weights       feeling sore 
2 corinthians 6:14  do not be yoked together with unbelievers  for what do righteousness and wickedness have in common? or what fellowship can light have with darkness?
psalms 119 smile 7 37 turn my eyes away from worthless things;        preserve my life according to your word 
"therefore, be imitators of god [copy him and follow his example], as well-beloved children [imitate their father]  ephisians 5:1"
was it the weather or was it just a good day   
they are to teach my people the difference between the holy and the common and show them how to distinguish between the unclean and the clean  <propmale> 44:23      i seen this verse like 4 times this week  maybe it will help someone 
hey guys my moma is saving money in her light <propmale>  shes tryn to get more people to join  if youre interstead in finding out more info please let me know   thx    and   god bless you 
getting ready for church 
i sacrifice with shouts of joy; i will sing and make music to the lord   psalms 27:6
"it is good to praise the lord and make music to your name, o most high, to proclaim your love in the morning and your faithfulness at night    psalms 92:1-2"
"through jesus, therefore, let us continually offer to god a sacrifice of praise—the fruit of lips that confess his name   hebrews 13:15"
after 24 hrs  finally here in <propmale>    im sleepy
homesick! sad 
home sweet home!   smile 
thinking about alot of things 
eating a shake chillin with the goober (wawis)
"all of my life, in every season you are still god i have a reason to sing, i have a reason to worship"
"such at <propfemale> offering , compared to calvary     i love you lord"
great service!  smile  thankyou lord
psalm 99:5 exalt the lord our god and worship at his footstool; he is holy 
"<propfirst> 4:23 yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the father in spirit and truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the father seeks "
good morning laredo! its friday!  smile 
good morning to all!!     getting ready for work  wink 
"therefore let us stop passing judgment on one another  instead, make up your mind not to put any stumbling block or obstacle in your brother's way                   romans 14:13"
"leviticus 6:12-13  dont let the fire die out   keep your prayer life in check, we dont need 6000 teens, lights, a band, and altar calls to praise and worship the lord god almighty   many of us found the spark to light our fire for the first time, and some of us found the dry wood we were searching for to revive the fire that was close to dying out  we need to keep searching for dry wood to keep our fire strong "
"everything god speaks to your life will come to pass, what will determinin its fullfilment will be your faith "
what a beautiful day of doing nothing this has been 
omg!  all this talk about finals is making me want to drop out and i havent  even enrolled yet   annoyed          must say im enjoyng my week though lol
im registered! whooho   finally       ready for next semester   smile 
@ a womens banquet      i dont know why  annoyed 
youth banquet was awesome!!!  it was a great night        gotta wake up early tomorrow to finsh seting up for sunday dramas!!!     gnight all!   smile 
"just washed my mommas car ,   waxing by hand sux  annoyed "
whats on my mind?    absolutely nothing          isn't it great lol  wink 
in need of college books!!!!!         if anyone still has these and is looking to sell plz contact me    thx beg & int algebra custom study skillsbk amer nation v1alc mhl loose leaf college writer-2009 mla update (paper)                                                                                                                                                    go w internet e playful r07 pkg
"if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of god, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him    <propfirst> 1:5"
great things are yet to come  oh lord give us wisdom and guidence   smile 
its saturday and i got nothing to do                annoyed \   ideas?
go cowboys!!!
awsemone game cowboys!
first day of school was great!    smile 
"i will serve you while im waiting , i will worship while im waiting     cool song  smile "
just saw book of <propmale>      not impressed   annoyed 
note to self   dont ride bike without eye protection   0_o
just got back from school   some employee hit my bike in the parking lot   oyyy    
you are great lord   
just got back after a long practice and the orphanage       so blessed!
"jesus said, \ dont let your hearts be troubled  trust in god and trust in me \""             <propfirst> 14:18"""
just saw the new ipad from apple!!!!!    i want!  smile 
"lol i did remember wellnot time <propmale> \comcast\"" ! white peoples internet up north """
"i wanted more of you  i wanted to serve you in deeper ways  i was looking for direction, to follow you perfect will  you spoke      now i need you even more, i cant acomplish this dream on my own lord   laugh "
"\babies are dumb\""  surprise  lol"""
is cleverly disguised as a responsible adult   surprise 
would rather check his facebook than face his checkbook!
just jacked someones gummybears jijiji
just got back from the park with the guys    just what i needed  laugh 
trying to work     i need my <propmale>!
wow      i sure know how to pick'em   
great day and great night!!!   laugh 
back from park and im already sore!  playful 
" surprise  i just saw a car crash, three big girls fighting and a <propfemale> guy trying to stop it    too funny!"
@ buffalo wild mmmm     imu annoyed 
"ok, the rain was nice at first but    its getting old "
in class   i just tripped going up the stairs     surprise 
"@ wings to go    hearing \we r the world\""  in spanish   bah   lol"""
"1 <propfirst> 2:1  therefore, rid yourselves of all malice and all deceit, hypocrisy, envy, and slander of every kind "
finals!  surprise 
"take my life, take my soul, take this heart of mine, and mold it into yours    take my dreams, take all of me, lord i take it all, and i lay it at your feet    smile "
staying up late for finals  surprise 
 sad   sad   sad 
feliz <propfemale> de las mamasitas!     wink 
mi biological clock is so messed up  annoyed 
"my soul cant help but sing,  hallelujah  smile     i love you jesus!!"
at <propfirst> ds with the youth  laugh 
another great sunday service  smile    i love you lord!!!
i just killed the poop out of a fly with a rag      i feel guilty :?   lol
i want this week to end     annoyed 
"\the greatest thing about facebook is that you can quote something and totally make up the source \"" -<propfirst> washington  smile """
nice n chill day  smile 
its about that time when everyone get on librocara!
washed my car and found 10 bucks!  oh yeah!  smile 
"holy, holy, you alone are worthy!  : )  <propfemale> to the lamb of god!"
great service  smile 
iphone 4         surprise      i want!!!!!!!!
is falling asleep in class     annoyed 
so sleepy     gnite facebook  playful 
clash of the titans       pretty good for 2 25   playful 
great services! smile 
   and i am done!!!  whohooo!
in class and could totally use a monster energy drink right about now   
toy story 3 tonight!!!   laugh 
i press on toward the goal to win the prize for which god has called me heavenward in christ jesus  http annoyed  read ly phil3 14 niv
starting my research paper that is due tomorow jaja i love the adrenalin lol
tennis!    laugh 
is sore    annoyed 
3 more pages to write and im done    eh  hw 
sometimes we forget just how blessed we are    smile  smile  ilu jesus
is bored    
    is about to murder <propfemale> azeneth renteria
"awesome services!  smile )     now, brisket time!  laugh "
its monday and i got a flat       nice  annoyed 
"its raining it pouring the old man is snoring, he went to bed and wet the bed and couldn't get up in the morning  smile      wait!    that's not how it goes lol"
saturday practice   oh joy   
<propfemale> renteria aka your favorite sister was here!!!  love  love you!!
" annoyed  after waiting 2 hrs for an oil change,  now i gotta wait another 2 for a tire change    oy   laugh "
@<propfemale> renteria is so awesome guys  she is just so cool  i'm so jelous!!!!  (jiji)
what a great morning  smile 
ugh  annoyed  trying to sleep but my retarded sister <propfemale> renteria who burned herself keeps complaining          laying down 2hrs in the beach with 4 spf sun lotion        what do u e playful ectttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????
is addicted to the ps3  help!  haha
gettin some wings!  laugh 
at jimys studio!     he also has a house somewhere in here lol  playful 
@ chickfilla pigging out!!  laugh 
playing army of 2 with peps online  smile 
airsoft!  laugh  
should go to sleep but for some reason won't    ayayay  playful 
playing tenis  laugh 
"wow, i totally put a fork in the microwave  surprise  haha"
doesn't wanna be in school!!!
anyone interested in a canon gl2 video camcorder? its used but it works great      im asking for 850     smile 
homework homework     annoyed 
watching <propfirst> attemp to build her piano stand        its like watching a monkey use a stick as a tool for the first time         quite entertaining lol
oh how i missed my internet!!!  laugh 
<propmale> carrillo was here!  laugh 
modern warfare 2     is     awesome!!!!  laugh 
@ the tamiu library studying   oh joy    annoyed 
"algebra,   i hate you -_-"
"wow, myspace has a facebook      i guess if u cant beat them, join them haha  playful "
hello ny  laugh 
my feet hurt   i'm so not gellin      annoyed 
i got my ipad back!!!!!!  smile 
wow  its been like 2 weeks since i change my status    i guess i shuould put something huh   
watching smallville!  laugh 
i found treasures in my nose  laugh 
is sick of being sick  annoyed 
"oh <propfirst>, you should lock your itouch, <propmale> was here!!!  laugh "
"22 “the eye is the lamp of the body  if your eyes are healthy,[a] your whole body will be full of light  23 but if your eyes are unhealthy,[b] your whole body will be full of darkness  if then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness <propfirst> 6:22-23"
"my heart has grown so cold\i've let the darkness in\i've said you are everything\but still you weren't enough\i've not been true to you\my life has hurt you, lord\i'm running back into the safety of your hand"
"i want to be free, jesus\i want to be satisfied in you and you alone\take this heart\take my life\hold me close\satisfy\i want to be free"
great time at the trail  laugh 
your kindness is amazing lord    i love you     i don't know what else to say  smile 
"regardless\ of how magnificent the musical moments are, unless your heart is fully \engaged in the worship being e playful ressed    its still only music "
"well tonight the holiday \piggin out\"" nights officially started  laugh """
back from the last glad youth convention  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh  laugh   it was awesome   or legit!!!  lol
"our god is greater, our god is stronger     laugh "
my legs hurt!!! haha
"you're amazing, beautiful, so wonderful i worship you alone   "
just took a bike run to the trail and saw 8 havalines!!  laugh 
@ the trail!
i could pay u back    but i'm not cause i'm nice  not like u!!!! -love <propfemale>!
"soon, it'll be tomorrow    <propfirst> 1:1"
awesome service  laugh      and now for some airsoft jiji
great night  smile 
played some basketball and hurt my shin    annoyed 
