6d2412a8dd78d3201988b85765638313
why is it so hot?! seriously    
it is still hot   sigh
when is it time to go home   again
is it 3:15 yet       
sleep
yay!!!!! rain!!!!
rain please    don't go away!
psycho gym kicked my butt       
absolutely nothing
is happy that it is raining again!!!!
is ready for psycho gym    i think   
does not like downtown <propfirst> traffic!!
should be sleep
weekend starts in 2 hrs
finally got all her electronics to work properly   next itunes!!!
thinking about how i am going to get some ribs for the 4th
is still trying to figure out how she is going to get some ribs?!?!
is wondering why fedex can't follow simple instructions!?!?
took on itunes and won!!!!
is sleepy   as always    
is glad gemini is sitting quietly on the window sill!
is not looking forward to working 10 hrs tomorrow   sigh  
is ready for an intense workout this evening    
is thankful to be alive    
must remember that wednesday is arm day!!!
is exciting about finding a gym with an arc trainer!
is feelin the paper planes remix wih bun b and <propmale> boy
is ready to hit the gym after work
just finished an early morning workout
has learned that working out is a good thing   but   not before getting a relaxer
that boy is a monster   
is wondering how i misplaced two bottles of perfume   and   didn't realize it until 2 months later   
psycho gym here i come    
is wondering when a change gonna come   
is trying to make myself think that i will feel great after this workout   
tonite psycho gym tomorrow spin class   
tonite was pyscho gym   tomorrow   gold's gym
knows that i am sent me   
is super tired   the arc trainer   kicked my butt!!!
wants to let her parents know   that they are appreciated 
is counting down the hours to her workout   3 hr 35 mins    
is wondering how does one get fatally wounded   in front of a police station   
weekend begins at 10 am    
is reading the destruction of black civilization
lord knows i am thankful to see and feel this day   but does it have to be so hot    
is mad because the ac isn't working in her apartment!!!
is ready to leave work so i can head to the gym!!!!
is about to sweat at psycho gym   i am actually looking forward to this!
is minutes away from   doing cardio on my favorite piece of gym equipment   the arc trainer!
wishes she was like her girl   fe   fainting over <propfirst> choos   but   no   i am about to be fainting over this workout   
is thinking   nvm   what i am thinking   should not be written down   
says if you let me   you won't regret me   if you let me   you won't forget me   
is listening to <propmale> redding
wants to know    hit em up vs  ether
"i am not how i ought to be but i am not what i used to\be    i? know i've been changed"
really hates as seen on tv products and the commericals that advertise them and the people who do the voiceovers   kangaroo keeper (purse organizer)   it even has a place for beverages (using the wow   awesome   voice)   are you kidding me   gimme me a break   geez
isn't feeling well today and wants her mama and daddy!!!
has found something else to hate    cami secret   are you kidding me   geez
just burned 1200 calories doing cardio    next    psycho gym   
psycho gym   here i come!!!!
wants to let yall know   that two a days   ain't no joke!!!
<propfemale> is being tested   my ac is out   again   in   texas   if survive this   i just may have more <propfemale> than job  
is so glad that the ac is fixed   
is listening to <propfemale> hill    
thinks she has a cold   
really wishes it wasn't going to be 107 degrees today   
wow it is only 103 outside    
needs to be sleep by 9pm   so i can hit the gym @ 5 am    
has completed her 1st workout for the day    2nd workout in    8 hrs
2nd workout of the day   completed   tomorrow   do it again
cleaned her closet last nite   sounds simple   anyone that knows me   also knows my closet is a beast!!!!
can't wait until 8pm   bad girls club miami!!!
doesn't know if she can stay awake until 8 pm   don't laugh   one shouldn't make fun of the elderly!!!
has learned that arc trainer comes before stairmaster    
happy birthday barack obama!!!!
has completed her second workout of the day    i am done    
's workout was frustrating   the person on the machine next to me was gesticulating wildly   with his hands and pedaling furiously   i looked around for cameras   knowing   that i had to be on boiling point!!!!
was notified by my leasing office   that there is a balance due   of $1 60   
says yall need to hide ya kids   hide ya wife   and hid ya husband because they raping everybody out here    
says pray for me    i have to go outside   during   the heat of the day!!!
says two a days    enough said   
pedaled 17 <propmale> this morning   
has a question  what would you do    in this scenario   your access card isn't allowing you into a parking garage   and there is a line 3 deep behind you   do you a) continue to wave it in front of the sensor (even though you know that isn't working) or b) get out of your car and wave it in front of the sensor (this method allows you access)
can't decide if she is going to workout tomorrow morning    hmm   
thinks she may be able to do another cardio workout    later on this afternoon   
burned 500 calories in 30 mins   that is why i love the arc trainer!!!!
thinks the spx megaformer is    a beast!!!!
is not having a good day    sigh   
was lazy with her workout today   i walked on the treadmill   but at least the incline was @ 10   
i hustle harder   i hustle smarter   i am so ahead of time   ahead of my grind   it's a must that i shine  
listen   i'm the baddest in school   the baddest in the game   excuse me honey   but   nobody's   in my   lane   
"is listening to \if i were your woman\""    the original version   """
can't wait until   4 smile 3   then off to pilates!
says   this world we livin' in   man ain't nuthin but drama   everyone   wanna harm ya
has pilates class in 5 minutes    
says you only got one life   that's all they give you to do it   
says   i'm ya mama   i'm ya daddy   i'm ya doctor when in need   you know me   i'm ya friend   ya main girl  thick and thin
wants to know   if she should start a blog    
"hit em, hit em knock-knock   tell em to let me in   my name ring bells   buzz me in   "
but i love you   that's sweet   i'd rather be riding on glass feet   with leather up under my a@# cheeks    
i am   i will   i gots to win   
when the grass it cut   the snakes will show   
i get my car from valet & what do i discover? my change is gone  obviously there is a thief @ the republic parking garage  he is climbin in ya cars   snatchin ya change up  so u need 2 hide ya quarters and hide ya dimes  and hide ya nickels cuz they stealin everything out here  i was jacked my some idiot in valet   u don't have 2 run and confess   cuz i'm gone find u    run and tell that   valet   valet   valet guy!!
wants to say thank you facebook fam for the birthday wishes!!!
"thanks <propfemale>, eureka, jill   dinner was awesome   comma to the top!!!"
thanks again facebook fam for the birthday wishes   i enjoyed my bday!!!
thinks insurance   is a rip-off   
friends   how many of us have them   friends   ones you can depend on   friends   how many of us have them   friends   
i've been real all mylife   they confuse it with conceit   since i will not lose   he tries to help them cheat   but i will not lose   for even in defeat   there's a valuable lesson learned   so it evens it up for me   
is a legend   you should take a picture with me   
can't wait to get on the ergometer!!!
loves her parental units!!!
yes   i'm the best   and no i ain't positive   i'm definite   
got the <propfirst> powers flow   i'm groovy b!#@^%s   and nope   you're no match for my uzi b%^@#!s   
everybody plays the fool   sometime   there's no exception to the rule   listen   baby    it may be factual   may be cruel   i want to tell ya  everybody plays the fool
what you want might make you cry   what you need might pass you by   if you don't catch it   and what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be   if you just let it   
wants racial profiling to end!!!
watch what you watching   fox keeps feeding us toxins   stop sleeping   start thinking   outside the box   and unplug from the matrix doctrine   but watch what you say   big brother is watching   
thinks black women are beautiful    but our hair   is a sometimes   a different story   
just did 500 crunches    thanks <propfemale> jones prudhomme   comma to the top!!!
you don't know me   and no i ain't talking about ti   
is happy    
is still happy!!!
gets the spoils cause the victor   is me!
rain   rain   please don't go away!!!
can't believe the gorgeous weather in <propfirst> today   
finally    dallas   geez!!
wishes she could buy a spaceship   and fly   heaven knows   way past the sky    
a wise man once told me   don't argue with fools   cause people from a distance can tell  who   is who   
that's how it is now   that's how it always be   i never change   this is always me   from the womb to the tomb   
thinks a kick in the teeth is good for some   a kiss   with a fist is better than none    
is doing something she thought she would never do again    any guesses    keep it clean!!!
in the presence of the man   your future looks better   than ya past   if you present with the man   you betta   
overall country   overall jeans   overall arkansas   we overall clean   southern hospitality   or overall mean???
thinks gas prices are way too high   rich ppl are way to fly   am not where i wanna be in my life   but why am i so behind   is it casue i am wastin my time away???
has dreams to remember   
thinks sisters get respect   &*%^#@$ get what they deserve   sisters work hard   &*%^#@$ work your nerves   sisters hold you down   &*%^#@$ hold you up   sisters help you progress   &*%^#@$ will slow you up  
is studying    
is still studying   under the influence of a cold medicine cocktail   let's see how it goes   
"october is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member or friend who has lost their battle with cancer, and in honour of those whocontinue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer "
"man made the car   to take us over the road   man made the train    to <propfemale> the heavy load   man made the electro light   to take us out of the dark   man made the bullet for the war   like <propmale> made the ark   this is a man's man's, man's world   but it would be nothing   nothing without a woman or a girl   "
will be offline   until thursday evening   please keep me in your thoughts and prayers on thursday   between the hrs of 9 am - 1 pm   
   it doesn't surprise me   that dallas ft  worth   is #2 in the nation   for road rage   i think i may have contributed to that ranking   
no matter what they doing   they don't do it like me   in a flash like that   recognize   i'm back   
is two @ everythang    but no i'm not a gemini    
cowboys   sigh   cowboys   sigh   cowboys   sigh
umm   cowboys   really   sigh   cowboys   seriously   sigh   cowboys   smh   sigh
was born by the river   in a little tent   oh and just like the river   i've been running ever since   it's been a long   long time coming   but i know a change gonna come   oh yes it will   
   you don't want it with the   harajuku <propfemale>   
likes the bezzle   in her watch   
is trying to understand why some people   find it difficult   to mind their   own business   i'm just saying   geez    gimme a break
is smiling   
"thinks this is hilarious   i hate my blackberry  i want to torture? it until it begs me to kill it \"",2010-10-24 02 smile 1:25""",6d2412a laugh d7 laugh 3201988b85765638313,   listen there are like   three lawyers in america   that argue constitutional issues   they all went to harvard and graduated in the 1970s   did you go to harvard   do you have a time machine that can you can use to go back to the 1970s to graduate with those guys   
   is interested in the privileges and immunities clause   
so i am up @ 2 am   minding my own business   and   wham   i am assaulted by fushigi   seriously   gimme a break!!!
   i'm in the building   you in the front yard   
   wants to know   why the devil   is so busy   
   is wondering why time seems to stand still when you are working out   
wants to tell yall something   that yall prolly should know   this that slumdog millionaire   bollywood flow   
   meet me on the fresh train   yes   i'm in the building   you just on the list of guest names  
is simply loving   the chilly night air   
it's always forward   i'm movin'   never backwards stupid   
    has awesome friends   thanks stuart   for jogging walking meandering climbing   3 + odd <propmale> with me   
loves her dad's job!!!!
doesn't understand why threading has to be so painful   geez   
understands that we (women) are anxious to wear our boots   but a chick should never be so anxious   that she would wear knee boots with a flower printed summer dress   
wants to thank all the veterans for serving our country!!
"best pick up line ever    \\him: hey ain't your name myiesha   \me:  ummmmm   no \him: what is your name      \me:  i don't have one\him: where you live   \me:  looking @ him like   really   but before i can say anything   he says\him: you live in the projects don't you?\me:   surprise "
is wishing the universe's best  dad (my daddy) and niece (leila)   happy birthday! i love both of you with all my heart!
yay cowboys!!!!
um   kandi   that track really does suck   geez   gimme a break   
   but uhh   back to the lecture @ hand   perfection is perfected   so   i'ma let 'em understand   
   it's always forward i'm moving   never backwards   
   really   seriously   omg   
   it is going to be a long day   
ok   really   if you don't want to be subject to a <propfirst> down   don't fly   
is watching ancient aliens
   who shot jr   
"my conversation with <propfemale> (my niece) annoyed \me: hello    hello   after 15 seconds of silence   \<propfemale>: hello chena\me: hi <propfemale>! what are you doing?\<propfemale>: i don't know\\priceless!!"
um   really   a commercial space port   somehow i don't think that is a good idea   seriously   
wow   just when i thought   i had heard it all   a texas catholic priest was arrested in connection with a murder for hire plot   to kill the boy he is accused of sexually abusing   
happy turkey day!!!!
is wondering   where this year has gone   
is listening to <propfirst> womack   
had a great time with two of my besties tonight!!!
had fun today with my trainer   i boxed   and he was the target   
   is up early cause ain't enough light in the daytime   
   life is a beach   i’m just playing   in the sand   
loves her parental units!
   is wondering   if mandating car insurance   is constituional   
   they call it <propfemale> monday   but tuesday's just as bad   wednesday's worse   and thursday's also sad   
loves her mama!!!
   is thankful for the life i lead   
   is feeling the pain   from my trainer   and her 12 days of christmas workout   which doesn't sound bad   until you do it in 39 mins!!!
   is at the airport   with my bestie   
    is really sleepy!
   knows that my checked bag was heavy   but southwest did the fool   why is my checked bag   in two pieces   merry grinchmas!!!
<propfemale> grinchmas!!!!
   sisters   help you progress   b%$&*#s    will slow you up   
   pockets filled with   a lot of lint   not a cent   
  <propfemale> apple colored weave   i just don't understand   
   exercising   is dangerous   
   bronchitis   
"scene - walgreens\place items on counter - cough drops & kleenex\cashier - looks like you are getting sick\me - barking   ie   coughing\cashier - well you are already sick\me - still barking   nodding head   patiently waiting for him to scan my items\cashier - that sounds bad   maybe you should go to the doctor   have been yet   you should think about making an appointment\me - thanks for the tip   doogie   "
   is waiting for the foolishness    that is rhoa   to come on   
   southern tradition   sip & see   mimosas & bellinis   umm   yeah
   my niece is taller than <propmale> dupri   
   see   this is why i don't like phaedra   reindeer booty   smdh
   <propfemale> said    we start this i & me   after you pay me my money   
i will probably never hear a voice that drowns out all my questions   i will likely never get a personal glimpse @ god in this life   but i will see him in those that he works through indirectly   
   is reading   the warmth of other suns   the epic story of <propfemale>'s great migration   
   peter   not a good look   sigh   
  um apollo   you don't have to have breasts   to feed the baby   
nene is going to get enough of getting in folks face   couldn't be me   i'm just saying   
   is watching   heavy   
   comma to the top   
   is ready to watch the foolishness   ie   rhoa
   lady @ the nail shop   why did you step on my foot   
   my homie   jesus   was a little late   but on time   
   <propfirst>   
   i don't do broke well   
   sheree   really   
   um cynthia   when your mother is crying & upset   and tells you that she doesn't have a good feeling about this   the wedding is a no go   
   smh   if you live in the dfw metroplex   you understand   that is all   
wants to let ppl know   that if s he utters the following statement   you are cute for a dark skinned girl   then you are ignorant!!!
   i understand   that pets offer companionship   but i don't think   it is a good idea to have a pet   when one is homeless   
   dark skin   gold teeth   man you know   we in now   
i love my mama   like a fat kid loves cake!!!
   finally   somebody questioning   sheree's purchases   
the more things change   the more they stay the same   
   i don't understand   are the girl scouts desperate or straight hustling   not only was i accosted outside the grocery store   but they were walking up and down the aisles   in the store   i was ambushed in the frozen food aisle   they acted is if the had to move <propmale> weight   
   are you wearin bugle boy jeans   
   one of the <propfirst> nominees next year   tyler <propfirst>'s the president's speech   starring   sir <propfirst> <propmale> & <propfirst> w  bush   
   i need to know where i'm heading   'cause i know where i've been   
   pray for my friend   electra watson   and her family   
   is your name christmas list?   
   my head 2 da sky   my feet on da ground   
   two words   pajama jeans   really????
