11c39c0ca0e2cebfd671707a5ca822dc
the holidays really make you realize how alone you are       annoyed 
way to go ohio!  smile 
happy new year!  smile 
bored   there is nothing to do   anyone want to do something?
gone for a couple of days  yay for camping with the friends!
i love parties! yay for graduating!
thanks to everyone who came to my grad party! your awesome!  smile 
i hate my life! please kill me 
single i guess  what now?
what to do now     
chasing after 8 kids all day is tiring!!! how am  going to survive next week?
going to see transformers with <propfemale>  yay!
when will this go away?
please someone kill me now 
gone babysitting for a week  hit me up on the cell  bye
cant listen to anymore baby crying  im going insane!!!!
"i hate my life; its to damn hot, im tired, i havent slept more than 5 hours in the past week and i cant stop dwelling on the past  someone put me out of my misery!!! plz! :["
"anyone know any hot, available boys? i need a distraction    "
he is almost completely deleted from my life     annoyed 
wow he down-graded   haha
"anyone know any hot, college guys i could date? plz!  smile "
off to seattle with the besties! yay for some much needed girl time!  smile 
i hate being single   urg
done ready to move on    who ready to go party it up?
"anyone know where i can buy an ipod for cheap, mine died "
<propmale> potter marathon and uploading music on my new old ipod   smile 
off to make birthday magic happen   smile 
fun draining day    but i cant breath thru my left nostril now    is that weird?
sick    again  damn
going 2 see hp @ 5
i really do enjoying being sick and sunburnt   not  :[
anyone going to the bite today?
i want to go to seattle but no one will go with me :[
back from leavenworth   it was fun and i got hella tan but im glad to be home 
can i please stop thinking about my lonely future    annoyed \
i hate boys     
i wish i could go to the parade tonight   i have to work instead   annoyed \
anyone know any fun things to do around here for free?  annoyed \
thinks <propfirst> is awesome
really he is
and ridiculous
going to aunts house on orcas island for the next 2 days 
"why does love always feel like a battlefield, you better go and get your armor "
thank you air conditioning!  smile 
babysitting from 1-11pm text the cell   smile 
the ugly truth was hilarious! i loved it!  smile 
the first test in college: figure out how to get set up for orientation    im going to flunk out   :[
contemplating my next tattoo     cant decide    annoyed \
"its the start of a new life    no bf, new haircut, new school, etc  feels good  smile "
"\you shit-dicks!\"" haha"""
chillin' until work at 6   smile 
off to work   yay   
i want a new phone hella bad!!!  annoyed 
wants to do something fun tonight   but doesnt know what   annoyed 
beach anyone?
going to the beach in an hour   anyone want to go with me?
9 days    
7 days   smile 
4 days   smile 
new phone and 3 days 
1 day!!!  smile 
birthday day and i have to work   annoyed 
off work and now its time for a birthday dinner 
dinner  text if you need anything 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! you guys are the best!  smile 
birthday adventure with the girls today   smile 
"busy day: mall, taking woodstock, pizza and aquasocks game     thanks girls!  smile "
yay for payday   smile 
13 days   
in a fashion show at work next friday   super excited!  smile 
8 hours of work tomorrow     but its time and half!  smile 
"big day tomorrow    fashion show, nails did and clubbin'"
club tonight! t-minus 7 days until move in! yay!
sore from last night     6 days 
yay for the first seahawks game of the season! ----5 days   smile 
4 days!!!!!!!
getting bloody drawn and then packing   bad idea     :[
all packed   just need to load it into the car      annoyed 
move in 9 hour        smile 
finally all moved in     smile 
hanging out with the roomie in our dorm    smile 
classes start tomorrow  annoyed 
class in the morning at 8     so early     annoyed 
one more class in an hour and a half     why did i schedule them so far apart?
survived first day of classes   now onto homework     annoyed 
doing hw peace!  smile 
going to class   see ya smile 
its finally friday! time to relax     smile 
i would really appreicated if this horrible headache would go away       i've had it since last night     annoyed 
tired and don't want to go to anthro in an hour but o well  at least my headache is gone!  smile 
bout to go into class    for an hour and a half    urg   annoyed 
the fish is now clean   and now time for some cop ass kickin'     i love self-defense class! haha  smile 
don't try to take me   ill take you down  i loved my self-defense class! best class in the world 
i may know how to defend myself now   but that self-defense class kicked my ass      im so sore   annoyed 
time for anthro    this should be fun     annoyed 
fuck geography    
time for some anthropology      annoyed 
thug life  
skipped class this morning   2 fire alarms last night   at 2 in the morning  damnit!  annoyed 
should i get my nose pierced? idk  what do you think?
im <propfemale> hornyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
im sooooooo horrnnyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy pleasseee  someone comment me plzzzzzzzzz get at meeeeee  
thanks a lot <propfirst>   
i love sudden confidence boosters  haha  smile 
i love english 170    we watch twilight!  smile 
"great way to end homecoming    beat montana state, 35-24  go eagles!!!!!!  smile "
foe life!!!!!
someone's makind groaning noises down the hall     awkward    o 0
pig snorting and no picture    best anthro movie ever!!!!!
go get 'em terrace! good luck boys!  smile 
good job terrace  way to win homecome after we graduate    haha  smile 
correction: good job terrace  way to win homecoming after we graduate    haha  smile 
boring halloween   watching friday the 13th and hocus pocus  im very exciting i know     ; 
<propfirst> <propmale> is awesome!!! hahahahahahaha
glad im passing my goegraphy class!  smile 
ready for a day off! yay!  smile 
how do i turn off this stupid pirate talk crap?
time to get my job back     annoyed 
time for sex toys   o yeah!  smile 
time for some homework and some awkward silence       annoyed 
"just watched the csi \trilogy\"" totally worth staying up for!  smile """
i just love snow! it makes life better!  smile 
back from search   it was awesome! i met the most awesome people ever!  smile 
i hate homework   it sucks!  annoyed 
i just love being sick  it makes my life so much better     not  annoyed 
english was just one big akward moment      we are talking about teachers and sex       annoyed 
t-minus 5 days until i get to go home!  smile 
4 days until i go home!  smile 
"today is the best day ever: held a puppy, saw new <propfemale>, home made speghetti and now funny videos    i love my life!  smile "
more snow! yay!  smile 
i have lots of pet rocks now!  smile 
i hate registration     urg!
home sweet home tomorrow! can't wait!  smile 
falling alseep in anthro    again    but i get to go home in 3 hours!  smile 
home and doing laundry   thank you god for private showers and a nice warm bed!  smile 
happy turkey day!  smile 
work at 5 tomorrow morning     i need sleep  adios   smile 
go dawgs   way to kill the cougars!  smile 
back   now time for cleaning and homework     annoyed 
busy day   i hate finals next week   
"2 chapters down, 9 more to go   i hate being lazy   "
you know its to cold when your wet hair freezes while walking to class    it was like a minute and a half   urg 
half an hour to go and 2 finals and them im done!  smile 
i wonder if its snowing in seattle    
"1 down, 1 more to go and then home! o yeah!  smile "
just bought my textbooks and my christmas presents for my family!  smile 
"incest doesn't cause retardation, retaration causes incest     i love anthropholgy!  smile "
just finished my last final! so glad thats over    o yeah   and i found a $20 on the ground   its going to be a good day!  smile 
just chillin' maybe going out to do something fun   smile 
1st quarters grades are in    3 5 gpa!
"pretty good day   cleaned, cut my hair and partied it up with the amigos     smile "
the party was fun   it was nice to see some old faces!  smile 
i love how my parents care more about my brother's future then they did mine    
work in an hour   darn   annoyed 
work sucked    blah 
<propfemale> christmas! going to bed!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas!  smile 
i love a fight in the morning   urg 
"\i think i just bit off one of [daisy's] wiskers   \"" -<propfirst> hahah!  smile """
"\i think i just bit off one of [daisy's] wiskers   \"" <propfirst> glasgow    haha!  smile """
waiting at the airport waiting to go back to spokane cheney     laugh 
happy new year!  laugh 
first day of the quarter down     i want to shoot myself already!  annoyed 
homework = done for the night! sweet! time to chillax    smile 
i love watching movies i haven't seen in forever!     thumbalina!  smile 
everyone should pray for sherry   my co-worker who is missing and it doesn't look good   :[
r i p : <propfemale> <propmale>  we loved you and you will be missed 
i love talking to guys i don't know      smile 
someone def  just threw a tatter-tot at me  while he was walking by me    wtf? who does that?
hates the overwhelming feeling like i need to cry 
$2 bowling!
so excited for tonight! party party party!  smile 
why couldn't my homework be a-sexual and do itself     annoyed 
"all the sudden, in a bad mood  just not feelin' it today   annoyed "
urg  super sick! i hate life   annoyed 
i hate myitlab! it sucks!
i might shoot myself   stupid myitlab! urg!
ready for a fun night of doing nothing    should have made plans    annoyed 
i am going to throw my computer out my 10 story window    i just got an f on my test because it froze    i hate technology! :[
urg so frustrated    done with this stuff   
"o harmonica boy, how i love your beautiful music at 12:15am   "
frustrated with myself    urg  why am i so stupid   annoyed 
i have come to the realization that eastern smells like    fart   annoyed 
time to get some free stuff! o yeah!  smile 
suck that wsu 
epic night!  smile 
this weekend has been pretty epic   i hope tonight doesn't disappoint    smile 
why is this so frustrating? urg
got my first college essay back    got a 4 0!!!! o yeah
"\ did you buy that ring at the dollar store?\""  \"" no i found it at my house   here you go! \"""""
"\what's the point of having a tail if you can't pet it?\"""""
yay for superbowl    smile 
"did you just say \thanks for kicking me in the junk\""    yeah jerika cause i have junk   """
yay for a 3 2 in gov and a 4 0 in english at mid-terms!  smile 
i hate allergic reactions      urg  annoyed 
almost just died   <propmale> and <propfemale> are playing darts and if i hadn't moved it would be on the way to emergeny room with a dart in the back of my head  
i hate fafsa   so annoying! urg
"<propmale> and cheese, friends and government   what a great way to spend valentines day    smile "
really   its only 7:10pm and half of cheney is already drunk   urg
stupid english 101   i don't care about writing an arguement paper     urg 
i gave up caffiene for lent but im sitting in starbucks    this may be harder than i thought     annoyed 
its an atomic bomb of awkward  
my ears are bleeding
free pancakes from ihop is an awesome way to end the day!  smile 
you know your ganster when your ass sags just as much as your pants   
i hate registration    stupid slow network 
stupid power outage  fire alarm   urg 
balloon animals and pedicures! awesome day!  thanks <propfemale>!  smile 
my gov test def  just referred to animal house     double secret probation   it made my day  smile 
why do we have to write reflection essays   no one cares about what i learned    annoyed 
res hall ball was to legit to quit    smile 
how do you make a powerpoint without using bullets to make it more interesting for the audience    im so confused?
my hall smells like burnt hair   gross    annoyed 
lord of the rings marathon all day yesterday   best way to spend a saturday!  smile 
yay for being done with government!! got a 3 4! no more tests o yeah!
anyone want to take my lit 2 exam for me tomorrow? please?  annoyed 
i hate facebook right now   where did my chat go?
everyone back home   go see the musical   it would be a shame to see musical theatre be forced out of terrace   its only $8 ppl   come on   even i could afford that  
if i wasn't at work   my wiener would be in some <propfemale> hole somewhere    haha thank you doctor <propfirst>    haha  smile 
its not rocket sugery   haha  smile 
can somebody just tell me what i should do    go work for the disney internship or stay here and be a ca and stay on track? help!!!!  annoyed 
go die html!!
happy pi day!  smile 
yay for going home tomorrow   and no finals!!  smile 
disappointment   
happy st  pattyy's day!  smile 
home! yay!
i want a car!
don't you just love those nights your in a good mood and then you come home and everyone else is in a bad mood    and then your mood changes    urg so frustrating!
"goodbye good health care, hello socialism  "
am i the only one that wants to see the last song dispite the fact it has miley cryrus in it?
"chillin' with shadee semana, <propmale> fernandez and <propfirst> bordner hacut! yay for games!  smile "
had a good day watching lizzy strauss play golf and to beach   good day all together  smile 
"\is that a chicken in the water     no wait it's a seagull    \"" wow i'm stupid   thanks for a great day lizzy strauss"""
haha   my dog is sitting on my lab and watching the curser like its an animal    haha classic
"brier beach reunion with <propfemale> juul, <propmale> fernandez, <propfirst> bordner hacut, <propfemale> bowman, <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propfemale> strader "
stupid classes tomorrow    lame
"great night with jerika <propfirst> bingaman, <propfemale> ford and <propfirst> bauer! the last song was really good! and the hot waitor at <propfemale> garden made the night even better!  smile "
going to platos closet to get rid of some old clothes   yay for recycling!
happy easter everyone! hope everyone remembers why we have it!  smile 
interview today   nervous!  annoyed 
"everyone should pray for <propfemale> haldeman, she's missing and needs your prayers  thanks!"
<propfemale> has been found   thanks for everyone who prayered for her! no more details but will update later 
glee is having an open casting call!?!?!?!?! omg! i'm totally going to to audition!  smile 
i want to die    im so tired!
1st night of work tonight    will i survive?
why am i so lazy   i woke up at 9 and i still haven't gotten our of bed     lazy day? i think so  
dance party  music knowledge off in the hall of pearce    its pretty awesome!  smile 
"thanks to <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfirst> chavez and <propfirst> grambo for chillin' with me while i was working! it was pretty rad   smile "
howler girl in the pub   please shut the f up    your laugh is sooooooo annoying     you hit pitches only dogs can hear    please go away    thanks  love everyone around you!!!!!
an hour and some odd minutes left and then i get to go to bed! yes!  smile 
"\did you know dolphins are just gay sharks     \"" thank you glee!!!  smile """
time for class     hope its good  smile 
who is going to alayne's wedding reception on saturday?
i don't know what to think right now     im speechless   
"home for the weekend  uw with <propfemale> bowman, golfing with <propfirst> glasgow and <propfirst> glasgow saturday morning and  alayne blackwell's reception saturday night and then back home with <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> chavez  what a busy weekend    smile "
satisfied with how well i can corrupt people    well <propfemale> bowman mostly    smile 
i want a car so bad!!!
getting up at 7 smile 0 to go to math is going to be hell tomorrow morning     well later this morning   annoyed 
i hate being sick   not going to class tomorrow 
getting the flu sucks   don't do it   sad 
anyone know how to get rid of the flu really fast  i need to be better by monday 
guess what i just ordered       smile 
home in 2 days! yay!
so today my music teacher gave us an assignment to pick 5 songs that we would want to have played at our funeral and then pick our #1 and then play it for the class  i have mine but i was wondering what other people would choose    
thank you port of seattle for supplying me with a distraction while im bored a tthe airport!  smile 
may the fourth be with you       laugh 
"\i'm going to kick you in the taco!\"" thank you glee for giving me good quotes to use!  laugh """
thank  you facebook for reminding my i'm single     stop popping up with those stupid singles adds   
does any know how to put songs into slide shows?
finally!!! thank you jesus!
now time for some much needed relaxation   o yeah!  smile 
happy mother's day mama and happy birthday <propfemale> glasgow! to bad im still at school    lame
happy birthdat <propfemale> bowman and <propfemale> gelhaus  now for some dilicious mexican food!! thank you <propfirst> chavez!!!!!
"i love that when you come to college, they give you free stuff! it's awesome!  smile "
wow i fail at cleaning my room    stupid facebook  
thank you fire alarm for waking me up 10 minutes before my alarm  
just walked about an hour for relay! good job everyone and keep going!  smile 
an hour of walking at relay and then 4 hours of working for habitat for humanity   i think my good deads for the week been done    so exhausted!!!
interview today at 4 smile 0    wish me luck!!!!
of course    theres an awesome thunder and lightening storm and i have to work and face away from the window     lame  
screw you math test   i hope you die! and thank you sunshine for coming back   smile 
wow itsn't that my luck     something good happens and then everything gets shot to hell   thanks universe   
ready for some chick flicks and some much needed down time!  smile 
can it please be 2 right now!?!?!?! i need to know!!!
didn't get the job    urg   thanks life for being so awesome  
wow registration went 10x faster then it normally does    thank god    now off to take a shower and go to math    o my  
does anyone from last years accents know where i can get my hands on a recording of our benaroya hall concert?
why is it so gross out? can't wait for cali in 25 days!!! please come sooner!
just did some more epic puddle jumping    yes!!!
almost done packing    thank god! even though i still have a week and 2 days till my parents come to pick it up    excited much??? haha
why do i have to have so many papers to write this weekend for 1 class    wtf    urg  
ready to be done with this stupid school stuff  california here i come!!!!  laugh 
o i love going back to childhood   kick ball instead of playing golf was a nice change!  smile 
guess who's a ca in streeter next year          me!!!!! yes im so excited!!  laugh 
at the library attempting to study   maybe i should get off facebook    hmmmm
"dear music paper, i will finish you today if its the last thing i do! there, take that  haha \love, <propfemale>"
"dear music paper, i have beaten you  now for some much needed relax time \love,\<propfemale>"
1 down and 1 to go and then     home!! and then california!
everyone should come to the 1st annual summer kick-off  its in between the roost and la  we've worked so hard to get everything ready so everyone should come!  smile 
so much sugar     o   m   g     
back in the 425 for a total of 19 hours     and then back to cheney  
any one want to pull an all nighter with me?
please be easy math final    that would be awesome!
i move back home tomorrow    i can't believe im done with my first year of college    but im so pumped for next year!!!  smile 
work till late and then home at 11 am tomorrow!!! super excited!  smile 
9 hours driving in the car    omg! sooooo tired!!!
congrads grads at eastern!  smile 
why am i so technilogically challenged?
finish organizing my room    maybe not today   
anyone want to chill tomorrow? got nothing to do   
my dog is growling in her sleep with her eyes open    creepy   
room is still a disaster area   but at least i can get to my bed!  smile 
thunderstorms tomorrow!?! o crap  
does anyone know when eastern posts grades?
no energy     that's not good
thank you internet for being so horrible     
"clean, pack and hangout with <propfemale> bowman tomorrow and then back to cheney on friday and then cali on monday!!!!!!"
congrads mths 2010 grads! you finally did it!  smile 
having some awesome chill time with dilion and bre  thank you nacurh for helping me make more friends  smile 
"last day of nacurh, coming back to spokane tonight and then going home on saturday  smile "
"quote of the day: \any virgins?\"" tour bus driver dropping us off at the airport     nice"""
sleep now qnd then home at 630am tomorrow  wish me luck   
getting ready to leave back to lynnwood     hope the drive hoes fast
needs a job!! anyone know of places that are hiring?
i think my sister broke the cd reader in my laptop    urg!!! d:
finally getting around to unpacking    this may take a while   laugh 
getting sick    yup i think so   great 
o why neighbors do you find it neccesary to light off firework at 2am     you still have another day!!!!!
happy 4th! stay safe!  laugh 
"another 4th has come and gone, now for clean-up at gasworks tomorrow to get more volunteer hours  laugh "
anyone want to hit up the beach tomorrow? text me!  smile 
job interview at urban outfitters on thursday!!!! keep your fibers crossed!!!!
"first successful sunburn of summer 2010! might be going to arizona in 2 weeks    but first interview at urban tomorrow\\i'm kinda nervous    "
who wants to see dispicaple me with me? i want to see it soooooo bad!
"congrads <propfemale> and brenden, the wedding was beautiful!"
well i just watched marley and me and cried like a baby    wow im lame  
<propmale> wonka and the chocolate factory    classic!!
"please headache, go away! today is such a nice day and it would suck to be stuck in bed with a migrane    \\thanks"
anyone want to pay someone to clean their house? i need more money!  laugh 
anyone want to hangout tomorrow? hit me up with ideas!  laugh 
anybody up for a trip to <propfemale> gardens tonight?
"isn't it funny how you try to rid your life of someone and they just kep popping up  just please leave alone, i have nothing to say to you  urg"
"isn't it funny how you try to rid your life of someone and they just keep popping up  just please leave me alone, i have nothing to say to you  thanks "
congrads <propfemale> and <propmale>  it was a beautiful wedding  now i'm pooped for working serving food for 6 hours  time for some much needed sleep
score! photoshope 8 on my laptop! and it was cheap! alright!  laugh 
"27 30 50\\my birthday  back to cheney  classes start"
"i feel like i haven't done anything this summer, just sit around  i want to hangout with friends, go on a road trip, do something  urg why am i soooooo lame????"
soooooo excited for the meteor shower tonight!!!! going to stay up to see it  laugh 
anybody want to go to seattle today? i don't want to just sit around the house again  
taste of edmonds here i come!!  laugh 
time do go work at the seahawks game! this is going to be a long day  
anybody want to see wicked with me in may in spokane? i really want to go but i don't want to go by myself   laugh 
does anybody have an envy2 charger i could possibly borrow\\ buy? i accidentally gave mine away to value village
good day hanging out with <propfemale> mcclintock!!! now it's time to go pick up my sister from the airport     annoyed 
"9 days left, hit me up if you want to hangout!  laugh "
"awesome day with <propfemale> <propfemale> ford  in seattle! took some awesome pictures, ate some awesome pictures but im sooo tired now!  laugh "
whats the address for streeter?
"kinda sad, my teenage years are over     but hello 20's!"
"thanks to everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes, it really meant a lot!!!"
sure what time?
last day in the 425      sad  d:
"the <propfirst> is packed and i'm all set to go    kinda sad to go, but so ready for training!!!"
almost all unpacled  will post pictures after im done!  laugh 
"\our cup is not for you muffin top!!\"" <propfirst> thompson thanks for being such a good sport!"""
"almost done!!!!!!! thanks god! o yeah   great job streeter on best hall during training!  laugh \\good job everyone else, you all did great!  laugh "
all my residents are moved in and settled! such a busy day but good!
best football game in the history of football games    thats what you get montana state for coming into eagle territory!!!!
corrections: best football game in the history of football games    thats what you get university of montana for coming into eagle territory!!!!
<propfemale> thinks <propfemale> is the coooolest person in the whole world smile  also the smartest smile  and prettiest smile 
class tomorrow! o man   lets hope nothing crazy happens tonight   knock on wood  
"wow, its the first day and i've already almost fallen asleep in class    this is going to be a looooong quarter      "
a whole bunch of crazines last night    o the joys of being on-call for the first time  
<propfemale> rules!!!!
wants to go back ot sleep!!!! sooooo tired! d:
<propfirst> is amazing! so is <propfirst>!
last post is wrong    laugh 
darn you procrastination   how i hate you!
i just love being sick    not  someone bring me cough drops  
working in the office   yay!  laugh 
having my own little arty party in the office by myself    laugh 
someone come save me    theres a huge beatle in the office and i can't reach it to get rid of it 
thank you <propfemale> gardner for killing the nasty mutain beatle-thing  you are my savior!
someone save me     i'm falling asleep in socioloy!!!!! no!!!
20 25 on my sociology quiz! yes!!!!!! i thought i would fail it!  laugh 
getting the residents to vote! awesome!
it was pretty fun to be snookie   i got some great looks     laugh 
i can't focus on this stupid essay   grr
qhy am i soooooo tired!?!
wow    my sociology teacher is telling the same story my stepdad likes to tell    weird  
i might rip my heater out of my wall    it won't stop making noise   urg!
home on friday!! yes!
o storage key    please please please show up 
"ok quick everyone    if there was a pen that had a white-out-pen, ball point pen and a highlighter all in one, would you use it? \respond asap!"
<propfemale> left her facebook open in a public place again   
home in 3 days!!!! yes!  laugh 
t-minus 4 hours 37 minutes until my plane leaves!!! yes!
finally home! it feels good!  laugh 
making the most epic cupcakes ever! so awesome! thank you <propfirst> keithley for the recipe!  laugh 
"success!!! i made \the cupcakes!\"" they are awesome!"""
went to walmart for some black friday shopping     got scared and left     no it's bed time! night!
kinda sad i couldn't get a cricut but glad i escaped with my life from walmart  now off to joanns and michaels   laugh 
mom and i compromised    i got a small cricut! so happy!  laugh 
in a bad mood for some reason    urg 
sittin' in the airport waiting 2 hours for my flight to get here  time to do some homework!
i might kill my printer    it won't work! urg!
problem solved    my printer is fixed
"attentional all mths people that were around for the small schools, i need your help  i'm writing a paper about the lack of communication between students and teachers in different small schools, and i need some quotes of people who were actually there  what do you think? did you talk to other people more during small schools or after small schools?"
thanks to everyone who responded to my status yesterday! you guys really helped!
omg!!!! it is hotter than hell in this classroom! wtf!?!
1 reflection paper left and then     im done!!!! yes!
thank you everyone in streeter for getting me sick    this just makes me soooo happy   urg d:
way to go eastern! that how you get it done!
"sucess, one christmas present down, like 10 more to go   o dear "
"did pretty well this quarter, a 4 0 in speech communications, 3 7 in education, 3 6 in english and 3 6 in sociology! o yeah!  laugh "
yummy! hamburger helper for dinner! success!  laugh 
and that is how its done villinova! so glad i went to the game  i can't really feel my fingers and toes but so glad!
stupid snow    ruin all my plans 
yes!!!! im done being on-call for break!
going home in a couple hours! finally!  laugh 
wrapping presents! so much fun!  laugh 
just one of those want to cry kinda days    lame 
finishing up some christmas presents and then going to bed so <propfemale> can visit!  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!  laugh 
wrapping a couple more gifts and then im going to to bed! <propfemale> christmas everyone!
christmas has so far been pretty good  now 2 parties to go to and then watching despicable me!  laugh 
way to go huskies! im proud to be a husky fan!  laugh 
great job seahawks!  laugh 
thank you <propfemale> <propfemale> dills for making my day!  laugh 
"eastern just had some blue hen for dinner! suck that delaware! way to go boys! we love you!  laugh \\its a great day to be an eagle!"
yes   the saints will not be marching on   way to go seahawks!  laugh 
"dear girl,\sitting in front of me in geography   \please stop looking at me   \\thanks\love \<propfemale>"
awesome   now i have to wait until 6 to take a shower    thanks cleaning guy for cleaning the showers when i was going to shower   
sorry zodiac world    i am still going to be a virgo!
got my championship sweatshirt and i love it!!  laugh 
im so glad im sick  not  d:
bored chillin' in the office  awesome  
a pretty good day! watched jordan-leigh <propmale> dance her heart out   but now i need to study! urg!!!
its so gross outside    i moved over to this side of the state to get away from the rain    wtf?
somebody should bring me some coffee     it is much needed  
i need some motivation to study!! urg!
so excited for this weekend!  laugh 
time to go dissect a rat    yumm     not d:
i like your bananas 
"i truly hate <propfirst> gelhaus, <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale> gelhaus!!!!!!!! \\i will get my revenge     "
"it has been one interesting weekend: war of the halls resulting in a pulled bicep, the casino and now idaho     this is the most fun i've had in a while   laugh "
yeah! got our geography teacher to move our test to monday! success!  laugh 
"dear eastern     \please be awesome and cancel classes for tomorrow! k thanks! \<propfemale>"
thank you eastern for listening to my brilliant idea to cancel classes   laugh 
"0 degrees outside    awesome  \why eastern did you not cancel school again today    it's tooo dang cold!!!!"
<propfirst> thompson is my favorite   smile  he's a cutie! i love him x infinity  or maybe i just left my facebook signed into the wrong office shift?     nah 
i feel so accomplished! finished all my ca stuff and now i'm studying and i scared tripp <propfemale>  today is a good day!  laugh 
"\i'm so scary i scare the white off of pandas!\"" thank you <propfemale> ach for making my night!  laugh """
why do they have to make registration to dang early? maybe it should start at like 5pm or something so i don't have to get up so early    d:
i just watched last night's teen mom and i cried     while in the office    just saying  
guess whose going to wicked!!! this girl!!! yeah!!! so excited
"i'm <propfemale>ing out with two of the smartest, funniest, all around best people in the whole world tonight  thank you <propfemale> ach and <propfirst> <propmale> for being so awesome and so much fun to <propfemale> out with  with out you guys, my number of friends would decrease by 100% and this is what you get for not logging out of your facebook  smile "
<propfemale> ach is a horrible person    as is <propfirst> neil    just fyi  
"\ i used to eat paper cause i wanted to be a goat   \"" oh ayla delaat how you always know the right thing to say to make me laugh!  laugh """
what to give up for lent    being sick perhaps? i wish    i'll figure something out   
omg my ear hurts soooo bad! someone please come and shoot to make it stop hurting     urg
"i think life hates me as of right now     a cold, an ear infection and pink eye   thanks life     just in time for finals    urg d:"
happy st party's day     a great way to start it off     finishing finals!!!!! hello spring break!!
on my way home!!! just hope my ear doesn't hurt too much   laugh 
hangover 2    yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can't wait!  laugh 
does anyone from ewu need a bio 100 book for flash gibson? i have one if you want it 
hello <propfirst>'s list for the 4th quarter on a row     o yeah!!!
had a great day yesterday with <propfemale> ach and <propfemale> <propfemale> dills in burlington as well as <propfemale> bowman at the movies  today is going to be a chill day and then seattle with ayla delaat tomorrow! a great way to spend spring break   laugh 
