aa3d86fc6a675aa48ebb94dc2839bee4
"pats the tummy, time to work it back into shape  that's my new year's resolution!"
"smiles, the new year is already starting out awesome  i stumbled across 3 good friends  <propfemale>, i am so happy to have you back! <propmale>, you still make me smile, and of course my brother! love you wills!"
"omg, its too cold! i barely want to even get up and go outside "
"what's up with fb and the double, tripple posting when you hit the button one time? sheesh!"
thank you to all my fb friends for the game gifts!
"quote of the day: if someone moves in a continuous motion, 360 degrees and ends up still in the same place they started, something is wrong  that means they picked up nothing on the way back to where they started  - <propmale>"
this week i'm celebrating my favorite childhood cartoons    lol
"farmville friends, please stop joining random farmville groups, they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook, you will not get anything free!! please copy and repost so maybe we can stop it  farmville zynga has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams  (please repost!!!)"
"down syndrome is not an illness because people with down’s syndrome do not need medication to make them better, what they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else  93% of my friends will not copy this  will you be one of the 7% that does copy this & put it as your status and leave it for at least one day"
"smiley quote of the day: someone said, \   is tryin so hard 2 calm down & not go ova 2 ultra & slap a b*tch wit this spoil corned beef she gave me  i paid $10 4 dis sh*t & i can't eat it  hell naw!!!\"" (i thought it was cute)"""
"uh-ohhh, i feel a <propfirst> <propmale> movie marathon coming on sci-fi    lol"
wondering    is it too late for spring cleaning or is now the time to get started?
"to all my gamer friends, if you play mafia wars, add me to your crew! yea-yeah! lol"
"how much longer before farmville lets us  e playful and nurseries, dairy farms,  and horse stables    i need more  rooooom, please "
so chincilla (my fv dog) and i made it through the 14 days  it was by the grace of the fv gods that she didn't run away (me being a cat person and all)    and now she wants a doggy treat everyday! wow! meanwhile my inventory is full of dog bones because i can't store them in the shed and i really wish they had an obedience school for the impatient  like i could send her there and she'd learn 10 tricks in one day! lol
 smile  the monster website from h*ll is almost finished    and then i can open my eyes again and start back to building things that are truly user friendly and accessible  thank goodness 
"a study revealed that the kind of face a  woman finds attractive on a man can differ depending on where she is in  her menstrual cycle  if she is ovulating, she is attracted to a man with  rugged and masculine features  if she is menstruating or menopausal,  she is more attracted to a man with duct tape over his mouth    and a  spear  lodged in his chest while he is on fire  no further studies are   e playful ected  -  smile "
"famville finally opened a gas station, hoorayyy!!!"
"i can gift the irrigation pipes and green beams for the botanical garden, what does everyone else have?"
"millington, tn flooded (levee broke, i hear) i hope everyone is okay! i'm googling for pictures now to see how bad it is   "
does anyone know how to get breadfruit trees in farmville? i can't send them as gifts but i want some more of them   
happy mother's day fb moms! and happy mother's day to my mom (feb  200 smile  i miss you and <propfemale> your memories daily!
"try this   scroll to the bottom of your \facebook <propfemale> and on the bottom left corner in little blue letters, \click \english\"" when the language selection appears"," click \""english \"aa3d86fc6a675aa48ebb94dc2839bee4,can anyone get into farmville? i can't   
what happened to the little zynga message thingy (the red circle with a number in it) located above our farms?!? mine is missing   
"believe\ in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put \this on their wall     in the bible it says, if you deny me in front of \your peers, i will deny you in front of my father, at the gates of \heaven  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to\ show it, repost"
"negativity can be found in abundance; a true talent, worth striving for is to find the positive moments of life   "
"self-induced ignorance is not bliss and therefore it is served best on an unspoken dish (i e  think, evaluate and interpret before you speak)    smh"
?~at 5 years old: my mom is the best! 7 years old: mom i love you  10 years old: mom whatever  17 years old: omg my mom is so annoying  18 years old: i wanna leave this house  25 years old: i wanna go back to my moms house  50 years old: i don't wanna lose my mom  70 years old: i would    give up everything for my mom to be here with me   post this on your wall if you appreciate and love your mom~?
for colored girls--loved it    although i was surprised that the theater was nearly empty 
totally disappointed in the twilight saga: new <propfemale> -- why? oh why? would you want <propfirst> cullens (vampire) when <propmale> (werewolf) is so-so-so fine and built  lol! (i need a hobby) 
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon \from your childhood  the goal is not to see a human face on fb till \monday december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & \paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
