09e120206366f80519bbab22a8731c83
this is awkward 
and your only hope is that forgetting might make a door appear 
"running the mile tomorrow  but not really, because thats crazy and i would never do that  wish me luck?"
people who are musically challenged piss me off 
"just give me november, the warmth of a whisper "
yeah       the sims 3 > you 
new pictures are fun  
i want a lover i don't have to love 
ehhhhhh  sad 
what do i want?
<propmale> potter and the half blood <propmale> tickets now on sale   smile  smile 
mourning the loss of <propfirst> mays
khi ?!  smile 
bippity b0ppity b00!
do you like to hurt?   i do! i do! i do! then hurt me   
watching fourty year old virgin with your dad = aaawkward 
we're not in kansas anymore
"\is dis how you use the faceplace?\"""""
"hmm, i think ill record \poison oak\"" tomorrow   surprise """
recording is fun?!!~
"tell <propfemale> the secret of the boy you never kissed  she's got everything to gain cause she's a fat girl with a lisp  she sticks up for you when you get aggravation from the snobs cause you can't afford a blazer, girl you're always wearing clogs "
bad dream   annoyed 
going off to play the sims now  kbye                                           
half blood <propmale> tomorrow night!!!!!!! laugh 
is quite pleased with the fact that several of you are seeing <propmale> potter at midnight tonight  smile  yippee  smile 
"has been blown away by the latest <propmale> pottuhhhhhhuhuhuhhhuhuhaauauhhh film  wink  kikki agrees, that little slut "
"saw midnight show last night and now going to see half blood <propmale> again at 6! oh and i still havent slept since noon of yesterday  so  yeah  this excitement and euphoria is just toooo much, i can't sleep   laugh "
is sleazy for weasley  smile 
you're the weak one  you'll never know love or friendship  & i feel sorry for you 
the dog bites and the <propfemale> stings
gonna go watch true lies now  will probably get on later tonight   kseeyuhh
just got back on     spongebob sponge bash was quite distracting  
who mistook the steak for chicken?
you know what would be amazing? a complete <propmale> potter video game that blends the entire story (all 7 books)  into one game  the games now are too short  this would be epic and hxc   surprise  feedback anyone?!
sighh
leaving for vaycay saturday  > > that rhymed 
"doe: a deer, a female deer "
is  on  vacation  !
"99 notifications  thats nice  yeah, i'm home  xxx"
"raindrops on kitties and whiskers on kitties, brown paper kitties tied up with string  these are a few of my <propfemale> things"
:my life on the d-list 
checking out random bands  feel free to recommend non-mainstream bands 
having awesome parent trap ap peanut butter band practice dressup 500 days of summer party tomorrow with addy  smile 
getting things ready for addeh 
500 days of summer is a good movie   smile 
i solemnly swear that i am up to no good 
listening to <propmale> <propfemale>  smile 
i'm walking down the street  i love you  let's go to sleep 
uuuuuum   i think my phone just seriously died  it's not doing anything   crying 
i want a new camera 
i want to learn how to use mi ole minolta x-700  surprise 
let's not load the <propfemale> or anything facebook  
getting the hair did tomorrow  iole!
"i have confidence in sunshine! i have confidence in rain! i have confidence that spring will come again! besides what you see, i have confidence in me!"
now has unlimited texting  smile 
shopping is exhausting  surprise 
for once in my life i feel like reading 
"i'm not going home, not really "
"you're a <propfemale>, you'll go far "
i have to get up before noon tomorrow  crying 
i'm <propfirst> turrill and i'm a pc 
project runway tonight  wootage  love 
yet another phickless week   annoyed 
anyone with 5th or 8th period commons? = 
has yet to find anyone with honors english 11 for sixth period   > >
ap is fun?! no its not! t_t
"i'll show you an error, facebook! v v"
two wrongs make it all alright tonight 
"\everything happens for a reason\"" is no reason not to ask yourself if you're living it right """
"when the spring is cold, where do robins go? what makes winters lonely? now at last, i know  "
"happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, when one only remembers to turn on the light "
desperately trying to do ap  sad 
i hate school  
sims  sleep  homework  text the cell 
are you in a yellow submarine? are those e playful ensive? how do you afford it?!
i'm alone on a bicycle for two 
is just thrilled  <propfemale> stafford is e playful ecting!!!  love   laugh 
people sure are cocky 
the beatles rock band anyone!!?
fevers are fun  (as are mirrors   )  annoyed 
viruses are fun 
college fairs are awkward 
@&$#*@$^*$&@# load of homework 
season premiere of the office tonight  love 
"something about paper dolls and what men preferred, something about the cross and how her jesus died for her, something about love and how it's worth fighting for; i wonder does love like that exist anymore?"
"the sims 3, i is playing it "
biology b  sad 
"for here you are, standing there, loving me  whether or not you should "
everyone's going to say ass tomorrow 
no store anywhere sells narrow shoes  sad 
"i hope that womb's not too warm, cause it's cold out here  and it will be quite a shock to breathe this air, to discover loss  i'd like to make some changes before you arrive  so when your new eyes meet mine, they won't see no lies, just love "
 love 's snl's latest idiot who said fuckin instead of freakin   laugh  let's see if she's on next week  hahahahah oh man  goodnight !
"   where are you, arienette?"
and at least i exist  what could mean more than this?
"oh, what can you do with a sentimental heart?"
are you a kiwani? are those e playful ensive? how do you afford it?
"there's a sad sort of clanging from the clock in the hall and the bells in the steeple too  and up in the nursery, an absurd little bird is popping out to say coo coo "
new cameras are fun 
the office  <propmale> and <propfemale>  love   smile 
friday night arrives without a suitcase 
sunday morning creeping like a nun
monday's child has learned to tie his bootlegs
tuesday afternoon is never ending
wednesday morning papers didn't come
mondaymondaymonday 
i'd rather not 
"i’m not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think i could still visit your restricted section tonight?"
i don't know which i said then    hello or goodbye 
i've been eating for you 
"just say the word and of course, i'll stay  roll your eyes, and i'll go awawy  just, please don't leave me guessing  just please, don't keep me waiting "
"life's a slippery slope, regret is the steepest hill  hope for the best, plan for the worst & maybe wind up somewhere in the middle "
bring out the <propfemale> nash and led zeppelin  dance parteh time!!
"i got the money if you got the time,____ "
"thanks for overcharging me, verizon "
"instead of telling our young people to plan ahead, we should tell them to plan to be surprised "
"maybe it's me who's this unstable, always obsessed about the end  why can't i let what happens happen and just enjoy the time i spend?"
"it's not something i would recommend, but it is one way to live  "
do i have to fall asleep with roses in my hand?
food pantry tonight  wootage 
"let's just keep touching  let's just keep, keep singing "
"oh my darling, when you smile, it is like a song  & i can hear it now "
is love e playful ensive? how do i afford it?
dislikes social interview  
staying at home > seeing new <propfemale> 
"<propfemale>, sing something sweet "
watching the sound of music on mummy's laptop  smile 
"and now for <propfirst> poppins  go, <propfemale> andrews, go!"
make a plan to love me  sometime soon 
all we ever do is  say goodbye 
"when the lord closes a door, somewhere he opens a window "
"somewhere out there is a lady who i think will never be a nun  auf wiedersehen, darling "
"well, apparently, we're both suffering from a deplorable lack of curiosity "
"where, oh where, has my baby been?"
"so imagine what you want, and then hold on to that thought  cause that's as close as it will ever come "
rip <propfirst> lennon 
"we might die from medication, but we sure killed all the pain "
act tomorrow  annoyed   annoyed   annoyed 
why must it be sunday?
"who needs anti depressants when you have addehs, kikkis, and snuggies?"
research papers arent my cuppa tea  
"quietly turning the back door key, stepping outside she is free "
"morning breaks and the sun warms my face, how i wish it were you warming me "
"as she posts another letter to the sound of five, people gather round her, and she finds it hard to stay alive it’s just another day "
mahk hahmon 
f m l 
it's too cold to take pictures  sad 
i miss my bangs  
"you're far away  where are you?      in a world that's disappearing, i'm afraid "
the beatles ap european history party 
"i don't get good feelings there at all  and i can feel them around me  i can feel, i can definitely hear them  i can see them, through the window   constantly there: morning, noon, and night  and you have no idea how they have tried to debate that because there are a lot of people that do not believe "
"i'm not carefree, no  i'm free to care, i just never do "
all i need is a mirror to go with this fever 
oooohhhhh myyy gawwwwwddddduh
me eat pancake before pancake happy hour on ______ 
i love how i still can't sign up for advanced photography  love 
the <propmale> trapp children don't play  they march 
the best way to get over a woman is to turn her into literature 
"i saw it glitter as i grew and loved a boy i never knew  i thought this place was heaven-sent, but now it's just a monument "
i hate verizon 
is this the end or just the start of something really really beautiful wrapped up and disguised as something really really ugly?
is there any way i can block become a fan crap from my news feed?
so i guess i have a tumblr now  http annoyed  turrillkelly tumblr com 
i love la 
"the saddest part of a broken heart isn't the ending so much as the start  the tragedy starts from the very first spark, losing your mind for the sake of your heart "
verizon getting sued for false charges  love   http annoyed  www electronista com articles 10 02 26 verizon said charging 2 dollars for unused data 
use dementors to get rid of teh lazys 
"i can't seem to stop singing wherever i am  and what's worse, i can't seem to stop saying things - anything and everything i think and feel "
"& the pride inside their eyes is synchronized to a love you'll never know, so much more than you can show"
"<propfemale>, my <propfemale>  these are words that go together well, my <propfemale> "
block  
<propfirst> mayer at nationwide arena tonight  laugh 
you brought music back into the house  i had forgotten 
"and we'll go dancing, baby  then you'll see how the magic's in the music and the music's in me"
"what can i do to you, i'm only a shadow "
precihiselay 
http annoyed  turrillkelly tumblr com 
http annoyed  answers yahoo com question index;_ylt=amk5d0sf6km_jlkrngtifw3sy6ix;_ylv laugh ?qid=20100323063918aamnmku
the sun's in my heart and i'm ready for love  let the <propfemale> clouds <propmale> everyone from this place  come on with the rain 
"oh look, it's <propfirst> from facebook "
"“that's amazing, <propfirst>, but i'm gonna go home now and look at my vagina with a hand-mirror \ i love <propfemale> fey """
someone's churning the earth  someone's stirring the sky 
"the sweetest woman in the world could be the meanest woman in the world if you make her that way  you keep hurting her, she'll keep being quiet  she might be holding something inside that will really really hurt you one day "
"when we left the movie show, the future wasn't bright  but came the <propfemale>, the show goes on, and i don't wanna say goodnight "
"i forgot the other boy   what was his name?   oh well, god bless what's his name "
project runway  love 
"dignity, always dignity "
"there's stars in my eyes and there's sun in my hair  & i'm running away, it makes me feel better "
"lie to me if you will at the top of beringer hill  tell me anything you want, any old lie will do  call me back to you "
~i'm sitting on the edge of my bathtub talking to addehieeahfda samson reese on my laptop and i can see the reflection of the lappoop   laugh  ~~ laugh *~~ laugh ~ laugh 
school is ass 
lush red feature counter top with crushed quartz    it's too red!
"why does my heart go on beating? why do these eyes of mine cry? don't they know it's the end of the world? afterall, it ended when you said goodbye  "
happy quit facebook day 
at <propfemale> <propfemale> 's house  makin cookiessss 
such a long sunday drive   and i'm taking it all alone
"crimson and clover, over and over "
sometimes lonely isn't sad 
what's going to happen's going to happen  just make sure it doesn't happen to you 
"typing on the wii is fun ,"
time for living life on the d-list  smile 
"she's a <propfemale> of a girl, i guess that's what you might say "
do you want a relationship with me?
"i'm your equal  i'm going to meet you men on your own terms, cater to your craving for efficiency, learn to talk sports, tell jokes, smoke, drink, and yes, if i have to, i'll even kiss you back!"
"i may not be as clever as you, but i haven't been an actress for nothing! i know an awful lot about life and men than most people, and i know the only things that matter are understanding and happiness and being absolutely genuine all the bloody time "
"i never read <propmale> sawyer  was he    sexy? he was only twelve! so? if ya got it, ya got it "
"i, liking buffalos, fell through a black hole inside of a trapdoor, and get ready, for a good picture   please, don't say anything racist, that you might need to feel remorse for, later "
"i wanna be your happiness  i wanna be your common sense pain  wrap your head in a picket fence, we'll build after the hurricane "
"don't show me how profitable it will be to fall in love with you, <propfirst>  don't americanize me "
"i don't want to know what's good, or bad, or true  i let god worry about the truth  i just want to know the momentary fact about things  life isn't good, or bad, or true  it's merely factual, it's sensual, it's alive  my idea of living sensual facts are you, a home, a country, a world, a universe  in that order  i want to know what i am, not what i should be "
insects flutter up against my window  i don't like the way they look at me 
"and then i go and spoil it all by saying something stupid like \i love you\"" """
"whistles, orders  no more music, no more laughing  nothing that reminds him of her  even the children "
"unfortunately, my darling, you can't take a whole audience home to bed without being accused of immorality on rather a grand scale "
i'm just reminiscing on something i've already seen 
"you mean nothing to no one, but that's nobody's fault "
why does the thunder get so angry? it makes me want to cry   sad 
fuck thematics and fuck it hard 
"through cowardice, we shall all be saved "
"though i spends me time in the ashes and smoke, in this 'ole wide world there's no happier bloke "
"you've got to admit, seduction can really be very funny if you stop and think about it     you're not supposed to stop and think about it "
cut your hair  let them see how truly abandoned you are 
he loved my sinuses and spleen and every organ in between  yet he never said he loved me 
you'll never decide what you want until you've decided who you are 
always remember there was nothing worth sharing like the love that let us share our name
one bottle of booze and it's all hearts and flowers again  fat lot he cares if his little girl's got a job 
how about i send you a book on nutrition? then you can stop spoonfeeding me non-fiction 
"poor broken <propfemale> and nobody's child  haunting and taunting, you're \just kind of wild "
there was talk of love and how i need it back 
"it's nothing but time and a face that you lose  i chose to feel it, and you couldn't choose "
"i'm <propfirst>, and i'm going to be eighteen on friday, and i'd \like a pink parasol "
sometimes i cry myself to sleep because i'm not <propfemale> andrews 
god's will hath no why 
"don't tell me not to live, just sit and putter  life's <propfemale> and the sun's a ball of butter "
i know not who i am 
"live through this, and you won't look back "
such proper language for acts so cruel 
history bows and it steps aside  in the jungle there's columns of purple light  we're starting over 
how sad it is to know i'm in control 
