dca68d208d2571f328157d4a49f4722f
"had an awesome time friday!!!and on the beach, but so happy to be home  smile "
goin on a road trip!!!  wink 
had a wonderful night!!!  wink 
"finally made it to jacksonville, nc!!  smile "
ha   ha    <propfemale> lost!! go vols!!
can't wait to see my family for thanksgiving!!
takin one day at a time and hoping things work out for the best   
"had an amazing time last night at the pig pickin, even tho i lost all feeling bc it was so cold outside!! but it was fun!  wink "
who knew owning a washer & dryer could make me so happy!!  smile 
headin to the beach!!! smile 
day 1: renovations on casa de <propfemale>   
"finally finished the apt and now i have to do laundry, when does it end   ?"
"im so bored that i think im gonna go lay outside and catch some sun, at least my neighbors will be entertained  wink  lol"
"had a rough day at work, but goin to the beach made it all better  smile "
feelin a lil blah today   i think im gonna cook me some comfort food  smile 
can't wait to go to the beach friday and just relax and forget bout all my problems  smile 
headed to the beach!!
so i fell asleep at the beach   im so red that i could probably glow in the dark right now  lol
i never thought i would say this but i actually miss the bugs in tennessee  there are prehistoric size bugs here and i have no one to squish them  sad 
"do not understand why i still care sometimes, maybe if i did what everyone else does, my life would be sooo much easier but then it just wouldn't be me "
had an amazing day and i hope tomorrow is just as great!  smile 
had an amazing time coaching ball with the rojas girls
"had an awesome time coaching tonight and the dog didnt eat my house, which makes the night even better  wink "
"so first, i was attack by a crab at the beach last week  then prehistoric size bugs in the apt   washed my car and a bird spotted it   today, a snake in the dumpster    is nature tryin to tell me somethin? lol"
completely bored out of my mind!!
"hates relying on people for my internet but then again, i shouldn't be \borrowing\"" it from my neighbor  wink  lol"""
dont really wanna work but   another day another dollar right? well at least thats what gets me through the day anyway lol
had an awesome night! didnt know it was so easy to coach  wink  lol
"geez, who knew reapplying for college could be so complicated  i'm so over it!"
im sooo over it!
"after all the excitment of winning the game, now i'm just bored   "
"had an awesome time hangin out with the family!  smile  good food, good laughs, too bad it all had to end   gonna miss ya big bro  sad "
im so bored!! there's gotta be somethin for me to do   but what   ?
"had an awesome night coaching, 5-2   having the celtics beat the lakers would make it even better  wink "
today has been such an awesome day!  smile 
"decisions, decisions   why do things have to be so complicated"
"just feeling amazing, it would be quite a challenge to make me frown today  smile "
"after a week like this, nothin cease to amaze me  playful "
just finished cleanin the apt   now time to cook some comfort food!  smile 
"shoot for the <propfemale> because if you miss, at least you'll be among the stars  smile "
some things are just better left unsaid    playful 
just the smallest things can make me smile these days :-]
o whatta night  smile 
im totally missing home right now  annoyed 
"the ocean at night is so beautiful and relaxing, helps me rewind and focus on my purpose  also brings back memories that will never fade unlike the people i meet "
"i guess no matter where you go, things will never change  people still judge you based on where you come from but in reality its not where your from   its what you make of yourself  smile "
hmm   i sense a change in the winds  smile  or maybe im just at a different altitude
just along for the ride   
bout to head to the beach   time to relax and think  super excited bout tonight!  smile 
 smile 
missin home     annoyed 
o how i love this tv!!!
blah   blah   blah     smile 
ah geez    
<propfemale> dr  pepper   yum           smile 
ugh         !
hmm   what to do today
has anyone ever noticed that the people on <propfirst> springer have the worse southern accents ever!? kinda makes me miss home  playful    lol
so over it
time   its suppose to tell all but it only frustrates me and disappoints in the end 
beach party!!  smile 
i finally have wireless internet   yay me!
gonna go get some barrel!!! yum!  smile 
super geeked bout football tmw!!! go big orange!!!  smile 
just chillin in the dark
tennessee football time! whoo!! = )
whoo!!
"after all, tomorrow is another day!!  smile "
the chargers were doin so great   what happened?!
it'll all come out in the wash  smile 
super geeked bout the florida vs  tennessee game tomorrow   go vols!!!!  smile 
who knew i could have so much time to do asolutely nothing       
never ceases to amaze me   
<propfemale> is a virtue!! but its easier to say when your not the one waiting  playful 
i love morning rain!!
waiting     annoyed 
another sleepless night    i need to stop having these crazy dreams!! what do they mean?
gonna actually attempt to sleep tonight     smile  ha
m&m ice cream- you rock my world!!  smile 
i got this!   i think?
just gotta wait it out and eventually it will all make sense   
finally found curtains to match my room   im so super geeked bout this! lol
its a new day   lets see what's in store for today!!  smile 
"gonna go party it up in jville    ha, if thats possible lol  wink "
"had an awesome time last night, now off to work  annoyed "
uggh    ! whatever!
feels like i'm drowning     annoyed 
"feelin a lil bit better  smile  besides, its good to have a drama <propfemale> moment every now and then  playful "
is having an amazing day  smile 
ha! it all makes sense now    talkin bout having a total blonde moment there lol
can't sleep!!  annoyed 
today is a new day    i got this!  annoyed 
missing home right now  sad 
gonna go tear up jville  playful  lol
"alrighty then, just finished watching paranormal activity 2 and probably won't get any sleep at all now    lol"
finally got my costume!! now im all set  smile 
wheew!! what a day
had an awesome night of sleep and ready to take on the day!  smile 
had a very interesting day   gonna chug some chocolate milk and pass out  playful 
gonna run some errands then possibly the beach   ? hmm     smile 
just ran right into a brick wall again  annoyed 
"well i'm all good now, went to plan b and maybe this time it will work  smile "
awake super early on my day off  annoyed  but i gotta get this stuff done!  smile 
im so excited!!!  smile 
gonna go party in greenville!  smile  pretty geeked lol
"love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things  love never ends  as for prophecies, they will pass away; as for tongues, they will cease; as for knowledge, it will pass away  ~1 corinthians 13:7-8~"
is loving the cold weather  smile 
super geeked!  smile 
well i'm officially starting school in the spring and i'm so excited!  smile  i feel so accomplished and blessed  it might of took me a year to get life back into order but i don't regret one bit of it  everything happens for a reason and i'm so thankful to have those people in my life who always encouraged me to keep swimming 
whew   ! what a day!
"above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked   ephesians 6:15"
woo child! what a day! bought a phone and dont have a clue how to use it lol
just finished eating at texas roadhouse and  i could put a fat kid to shame! lol
it feels so great to help others  smile 
felt so great to just sit on the couch all day and relax  smile 
got a phone call and it made my night  smile 
puttin up my christmas tree  smile 
"well thats not what  i had in mind, but not bad     wink "
"hebrews 13:5   \5 keep your life free from love of money, and be content with what you have, for he has said, i will never leave you nor forsake you  #bible http annoyed  j mp 96n0aa"
im so excited!  smile 
good old tennessee  smile 
"well it was great seein everyone  tennesse, it's been awesome but im ready to go back  smile "
decorating the apt for christmas  smile 
can not believe the colts are losing to the chargers right now! seriously
i love helping people but sometimes  i wonder if  i ever need help would those same people help me or would  i just be out of luck   ?
movie night!  smile 
"join the fight against child abuse - change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood  the goal is to raise awareness and not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6th  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!"
relaxing and watching football  smile 
roadtrip in a towtruck   o yea!  smile 
why do i have to be so nice for? i dont even like you but yet im drivin you all over town    ah well guess im just a kind hearted person  smile 
learned a couple of lessons today but i guess thats what life is all about 
started out to be a bad day but ended in a great way  smile 
"its so cold i dont wanna get out of bed    hold up, its my day off  i dont have too  smile  lol"
i love watching christmas movies!
i love being off from work  smile 
alright the plumber is fixing the leak under my apt   i think  it sounds like he is either ripping out all the pipes or diggin to <propfemale>  your guess is as good as mine lol
i just love rainy days!  smile 
leavin for tennessee in 10 days!!! im so excited!!!  smile  anyone up for a roadtrip? lol
im so bored!!!  annoyed 
im <propfemale> hungry! i just dont know what i want!  annoyed 
why does everyone always come to me when they need help?
7 days to go!  smile  geez    i need to start packing lol
just got done eating ocharleys and i definitely put a fat kid to shame lol
its gonna be a great day!  smile 
leavin for tennessee in 3 days! im so geeked!  smile 
"finally in tennessee! feels good, reeaal goood!  smile "
relaxing on the couch with mom and dad watchin movies like the good ol days     smile 
just got done playin in the snow with my niece  smile 
watchin football with my daddy  smile 
definitely had an interesting day   but i cant wait to have las mas with my girl <propfemale> tmw!  smile 
had an awesome time with <propfemale> today! can't wait to see her again for springbreak!  smile 
leavin tennessee and my heart is breaking  sad 
first day of classes in almost a year    nervous!
"i have the best neighbor ever, not only did he start my car for me but he got all the snow off too! thanks neighbor!  smile   i knew you were good for somethin lol jk"
no work   no school   i love snow days!!!  smile 
got an early birthday gift from the greatest neighbor ever!!
i thought bout you today even though its been almost 6yrs you've been gone  i will never forget the advice you gave me and i can only hope your proud of me  love ya auntie   i know your having a blast up there  smile 
hmm   makes ya wonder
i freakin love this electric blanket!
"why o, why did i sign up for a 7am class   ?"
"its a cold, rainy morning   i would rather stay in my bed than go to class   just sayin"
"it could only happen to me   of all things, seriously?! ah well   it builds character and definitely a funny story"
so my phone hasnt gone off all day   i feel so unloved lol
"o mcdonalds frappe mocha, how i love thee     smile "
monday   uggh!
i got my wash machine!! im so geeked now lol
its almost the weekend!  smile 
"only one homework assignment to go and i'll be free for the whole weekend   look out couch, here i come!  smile  lol"
alright the couch sounded like a great idea but now   im just bored out of my mind
layin in bed tryin to sleep but i cant bc im thinkin bout you   
the rain is freakin cold!
"ugh   what a day  oh well, tomorrow is another day!  smile "
had an awesome time eating with <propfemale> and shoppin but its time to get back to reality   homework lol
gettin my hair did   im so excited! lol
goin to the gym!  smile 
"woo child   ! just finished up at the gym and let me tell ya, i feel the burn! lol"
"so i just got my test back and i made a 92! it might be a b+ but hell i ain't complaining, to be honest im mighty proud of myself!  smile "
"alright, i have a question  if the college opens at 10am and i have an 8am class, do i go in at 10am or is the classes b4 that just cancelled and i just continue with the classes i have after that   ? im so confused!!!"
i get to sleep in!!! im so excited!! my first day off in forever!  smile 
why am i awake this early when i dont have class     sad 
"uggh   what a rough day, the only thing that made it better was that phone call  smile "
eating fried pickles at texas roadhouse  yumm    !  smile  makes my day so much better!
"had a very interesting v-day   but none less, it was awesome  smile "
woke up from another crazy dream   
"im not a hillbilly, im an appalachian american  smile  lol"
kinda drawing a blank here     annoyed 
im officially debt free   yay me!  smile 
more tests   college is so overrated at times
its friday   and i finished all my homework early   yay me!  smile 
chillin at my favorite <propmale>'s house!  smile 
have way to much to think about   
havin a blast with the neighbor
just finished painting the bathroom   and im gonna say it rocks! but thats just bc i did it lol
what a great day  smile 
"so there is a giant spider in front of the classroom door and no one has noticed it but me   am i just super observant or are they just blind? i mean this thing is a beast, how could they miss it? lol"
so im pretty sure i just power walked a mile to get to class  now i know what they say it pays to be late lol
so glad this day is almost over   !
oh   its friday  smile  now to make it through work lol
i need some family time   too bad they are 9hrs away  sad 
headed to my workout  o yea   ! lol
been a whole year in this apartment   ive accomplished a lot and i feel incredibly blessed!  smile 
i cant wait till spring break! too bad its a month away  annoyed 
"so i just filled the car up with gas and it costed $31, now all the haters that make fun of my lil bubble   beat that  wink  lol"
oh how i love <propmale> movies!  smile 
"i accomplished a lot today   i finished spring cleaning and finally put all the shelves up in the apartment thanks to the help of my wonderful, amazing neighbor  smile   now to finish my homework  annoyed "
"cant help but wonder, what if   "
it would be so awesome if it would get just warm enough for me to go to the beach bc im tired of being white lol
outside    sunbathing!  smile 
such an awesome morning!  smile 
gym    oh how ive missed you  smile 
"breakin under the pressure, and no one is here to relieve me   "
ok   new day and hopefully this one is better
"headed to the beach for some sun , dueces  playful "
"when in doubt, the lord will provide  smile "
hangin out with the fam  smile 
"im not random, you just cant think as fast as me  playful "
what a day!
finally got my phone! i felt so lost without it and it was only for half a day lol
rainy day = <propmale> movie marathon for me  smile 
"did amazing on my presentation this morning, went to the gym and totally met my goal   its been a great day!"
"its been a great day!! now if i could only hear from him, it would make it even better   "
so went to the beach to workout and   i totally got lost lol
