8685dab2363bf32aa82cfad306710b83
is going to take everyone to the park after lunch so my mom can nap 
is sooo happy <propfirst> and <propmale> are at camp  it is a lot quieter 
is watching all the kids tomorrow during the day because my mom has to work 
is going to go see the movie my sisters keeper tomorrow or saturday maybe if i can get away 
i just got back from grocery shopping and we took all the kids 
slept in  till 11am this morning 
earlier a bat got in our house and it took forever to catch it 
went to el rodeo for lunch for <propmale>'s 7th b-day  i had a pina colada 
"just learned my second cousin once removed, a missionary to <propfemale>, is coming to church on sunday "
is happy that i now have a babysitting job 3 days a week during the next school year  hopefully i can keep up with my school 
is eating tacos 
gets to watch siblings all day tomorrow since mom is working 
"mom is going to quiktrip to get hot chocolates, cappachinos, and a shake "
is supposed to be going to bed but likes staying up late at night because it is nice and quiet 
i do not like any meat but hamburger 
dr  coburn gave me a box of chocolates from germany 
we are leaving tomorrow for a five day family reunion in dayton iowa and we havent even started packing or anything 
"i had lots of fun at our family reunion  i went horseback riding, canoeing, paddleboating, minigolfing, swimming, and lots of other stuff "
i just had 6 inches of hair chopped off 
i have to pack for family camp but i would rather stay home with my dad and have the house to mysellf 
<propfemale> has lice and i hope i dont get it!
i should really go to bed but who needs sleep anyway?
just ordered pizza  yum 
my mom is at the fair with the four youngest kids and i am at home with the <propfirst> and <propmale> 
"feels like chopping her brothers heads off, but that wouldnt be very nice "
i have a cold 
just got back from the fair
mom is working all night again which means she sleeps a lot tomorrow which means i get to watch the kids and try and keep them quiet 
is babysitting and doing school and eating cookies and apple pie and vanilla icecream
should maybe do school
just got back from the park with three kids 2 and under and is tired 
my dads mom is making a surprise visit this morning 
"it is <propfirst>'s 9th birthday today, then on the 10th it is phillips 11th birthday, then on the 23rd it is matthews 13th birthday  very scary he will be a teenager "
ate at ryans for luch today 
just ordered a dsi
is a quesadia
"today is <propmale>'s 11th birthday and in a couple weeks <propfirst> will be 13, scary!"
is sick
kids dont have school today  sad 
is going to bed
i dont think it was such a good idea to give a 20 month old mountain dew right before she has to go to bed 
i just got a wisdom tooth pulled    sad 
has had a busy day 
is babysitting while their parents go hunting
no fair my brother gets to go see wicked
is busy busy busy 
gets to move furniture out of 3 rooms because the carpets are getting cleaned tomorrow and the boys are getting new furniture saturday 
had yummy machine shed for lunch 
loves dipping my french fries in my strawberry shake 
got acrylic nails and a haircut today 
<propfirst> came home for a long weekend to visit 
had lunch at bandanas
is finally ordering new glasses tomorrow
is sorta sick and hopes to be bettter by tomoorow
finally got a cell phone!
go away snow!!!
is making oatmeal scotchie cookies
is going christmas shopping!
"the salesmen at bestbuy are very good  we went there to get a wii and we came home with that plus a wii fit, new plasma tv, an xbox 360, and some games "
dont like the ice!! i fell down like 4 times already  ive had enough of the snow time to go on a 3 month vacation somewhere warm!
i want to go back to bed!
is going to the dentist  sad 
is maybe getting her other wisdom teeth out in a couple weeks  my regular dentist wont do it because the bottom teeth are sitting right on top of a nerve and if they bump it my face will be numb for 6 months to a year 
is hoping the weather wont be bad on wednesday or thursday or we might not be able to go to my grandparents
grrrr!!!!
is making cupcakes for <propfemale>'s 2nd brithday 
is going to get sooo fat from eating all these cupcakes! i have had like 5 already this morning 
happy new year!
had to stay home from church because <propmale> is sick  it seems like someone is always sick at our house!
is getting my two bottom wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow morning 
is watching kids all day while my parents work 
made chicken and dumplings for supper 
poor <propmale> got 5 shots today
is going to go return my jeans and go see a movie 
broke my glasses for like the millionth time 
is going to go get a new cell phone maybe if we have time after running other errands 
<propfirst> and his cat are here visiting for the weekend 
it takes a long time to bake and frost and sprinkle 72 cupcakes 
everyone is puking at my house!! i dont wanna get sick!!
i dont want to get up early tomorrow! i love my sleep!
had lunch at dairy <propfemale> and had some yummy ice cream 
mom went to work and dads working really late tonight so im stuck at home with the lil devils 
made chocolate pie for tomorrow    smile 
my favorite time of the day! everyone is asleep and the house is finally quiet!
gave the boys buzz cuts 
goodnight world!
going shopping
i  love  starbucks!
"rain rain go away, come again another day"
babysat a four month old all day today and is watching her again tomorrow    love 
going to adventureland and its going to be freezing     sad 
makin mini pizzas
went garage selling this morning and got a new tv for my room now i just have to get my dad to pay extra so i can get direct tv 
is watching a horror movie
just went to ci ci's for lunch 
im tired! why does every weekend have to be so busy????
got my new ipod touch  smile 
"eating an ice cream cone for breakfast, then going to babysit "
"going to my uncles church, "
"is at my grandparents and i got to drive my grandpas really old tractor, it is 70 years old "
is eating a banana splitfrom grannys 
broke my glasses again        
went to el rodeo for lunch
was out of the room for 2 mnutes and when i came back there was lotion all over there hair and the floor 
i have to get a root canal!  sad 
chillaxing
going to starbucks
got back from having my root canal now i am going to my regular dentist to get a crown put on and my other cavity filled 
going to get ice cream
"playing with hanny and <propfemale>, we were going go fill up the kiddy pool but it rained "
is so sunburned
should have went to bed an hour ago but was enjoying the quietness of the house
going to adventureland with my family and joy <propfemale> smith and <propfemale> imel on thursday 
going to see despicable me with melon later
went to the pool with the little girls
watching <propfemale> till midnight
grrrr 4got my phone at home
had the wierdest dream last night    
ewwwww!!! <propfemale> just threw up chuncks of tomato all over me!!!
excited to go see cousins next week and go to mall of <propfemale>!!
i am so tired!!
cant wait till tomorrow to meet my new baby cousin! and then go to minnesota with friends on thursday!!
eating at mcdonalds in story city withmy cousins 
at mcdonalds in story city with my cousins 
going to mall of <propfemale> 2morrow!!
just got back from swimming at the hotel  everytime i go anywhere fun i always get sick and now i have a cold   sad 
"is soooo tired, was atvthe mall for 9 hours"
in fort dodge
got more highlights today 
babysitting again
making chicken <propmale>
i am not a morning person   
making cookies with the little girls i watch
getting my flu shot
"going to poky on sunday to see my grandparents new house, give my brother his car, and get my baby fix from my new cousin    smile "
eating at ihop
helping put together my dads new desk
i  love  starbucks
had too much sugar and caffiene today and now i feel sick
needs some chocolate
"<propfemale> has been throwing up and sleeping all day, really hope i don't get whatever she has "
ready for the weekend
so glad i got to sleep in this morning 
making a rootbeer float
is feeling sickish
come back warm weather!! i hate the cold!!
i think i need to go to the eye doctor again  my eyes feel strained and tired a lot  grr!! why do bad eyes have to run in my family!!
my parents think i am wierd  i am wearing uggs and short shorts around the house because my feet are cold and my legs are hot    wink 
helping my dad put together 4 new book shelves 
my poor dad just got back from babysitting and i amleaving him again soon 
<propfemale> says  bnmjfhhhui jjllkkkjjerkrfkdktyigjjb
"just got back from watching due date with <propmale>, <propmale>, and <propmale> "
has the <propfirst> edelwiess from the sound of music stuck in my head 
has strep throat );
"my poor dad, dragged him to like 3 stores while i was looking for a new coat "
happy thanksgiving!!!!
"so glad i got to sleep in this morning, watched cranky baby all day yesterday and watching her again today "
yummy white chocolate mocha!!!!
eating chocolate for breakfast but my dad said it was ok because it comes from a cocoa bean who is a vegetable 
cold
went to incredible pizza company this morning  they have the best cinnamon rolls!!
had a weird dream last night  i was getting a liver transplant 
love my new phone!
 laugh  leaving tomorrow morning for gparents house!!
"sucking on a <propfemale> cane, packing suitcases, and watching despicable me "
i'm bored  hate sitting in the <propfirst> for long amounts of time  but were stopping for lunch soon in story city 
making salted nut roll bars with my uncle <propmale> 
<propfemale> xmas!
my uncle <propmale> says that if i grow a beard i would look just like <propfemale> because i am already fat 
at <propmale>'s <propfemale> house 
eating puppy chow
eating at pizza ranch
watching children of the corn 
watching winter wipeout with the fam 
watching national treasure 
i have lots of stuff i need to get done  but instead i am o facebook painting my toes and eating ice breakers 
is getting good at multitasking  baby on my hip while i'm making grilled chicken and rice and potatoes 
eating at cicis for supper
babysitting 
really tired but i have to get up early tomorrow   but i have next week off because the other girls i watch are going to mexico 
don't why my dad even has a phone if he doesn't ever answer it 
just ordered a new computer!!
working 12 hrs tomorrow  tired just thinking about it 
watching the parent trap and babysitting
stupid bleach  didn't use gloves and now i have a rash 
finally got my new computer connected to the internet!  smile 
tired and i think i may have strep
watching a movie in spanish
