df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6
show me your teeth 2o11!!!
<propmale> year is almost over! i'm nervous!
"and after all the obstacles it's good to see you now with someone else,and it's such a miracle that you and me are still good friends  after all that we've been through  i know we're cool "
ren and stimpy 
woohoo! look at me! i'm so over it! it's a new year with new  people! here's to forgetting and starting a new life!
nowhere  yeah  we're going nowhere
university of toronto? yeah  i think so 
who would want to hack me!???? whyyyyyy!!!?????
gahhh    i think i'm finished adding at least half of the people i had on my old facebook   i  hate  hackers ?
bleh  i have a headache  playful 
<propfirst> campbell bower is  the prettiest man aliiiiiiiiiiiveeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!
"um   guys i would delete my old facebook, it was hacked "
yum yum yum!! starbucks   
"hey, does anybody want to give me a ride to college night?except for payne long"
my dad: \   hey," you have that 1880 slave breath \""\"df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6,whoooo!! <propfemale> olson is coming to central!! woot woot!!!
drama practice tonight!
drama practice was hilarious  payne long i have you're jacket  smile  watch out for speed bumps ?
i  can not wait for the <propmale> horror picture show marathon tommorrow!!!?
i thought my facebook was hacked again   and then i realized  caps ?
hopefully getting my phone turned back on friday  gahhh! i missed it so much!! haha?
<propmale> horror picture show  now!?
let's do the time warp agaaaaaaaaaain!! it's just a jump to the left    and then a step to the right!!!?
needs to do her friggin essay!?
"hmm   i haven't noticed that i like radiohead a lot  well, ya learn something new everyday  haha?"
can not wait for practice tommorrow   still didn't that essay   ?
woooooo  rehearsals!!
funny day    
baby loves to dance in the dark cause when he's looking she falls apart 
"alright, essay! its just me and you!!!!"
ughhh  my arms still hurt from carrying that stupid pumpkin!!!
i hate being sick  sad 
<propfemale> martinez is making fun of me for being in love with <propfirst> hall 
just finished watching trailer park boys  why does it seem like forever since the last time i saw it?
"\how do you do? i see you've met my faithful handyman  he's a little brought down cause when you knocked  he thought you was the candyman \"""""
tornado=instant death
whew! so i hope everyone survived that    random   natural disater 
mcdonald's food run today   hilarious!!
do i love <propfirst> hall? yes  am i ashamed that i love him? no  is <propfemale> martinez  freak for posting it on my wall a billion times? non at all 
can not  get enough of jonny depp and <propfemale> bonham <propmale>!!
like my status and i will tell you what color you remind me of my first memory of you what animal you remind me of one question about u and my fav thing about u
is really excited for this monologue search!
congrats <propmale> epstein! jacey is adorable  maybe she can be the heir to the banana kingdom! hahahaha!!
"\don't dream it     be it\"""""
i have a monolouge!!!
wondering why there are sophmore posters in the <propmale> hall   
lady gaga college course? sign me up ?
is watching <propmale>'s labortory ahhhh   good times  ?
"i have an idea about a stageplay that i might write   \\get this  it's setting is in the 80's "
i just uploaded my sims 3 game  i love new uploads!!?
"what's cooler than being cool(ice cold!) i can't hear you!! i said what's cooler than being cool? (ice cold!) alright,alright,alright,alright,alright,alright,alright,alright,alright!?"
wow  i cannot believe this year is almost up  2011 will be here before we know it ?
lady gaga takeover on fuse tv!!!  smile )))?
it's daaark  sad 
skool iz 4 chumpz
"\ watch you're tone with me young lady! you crap on my leg i'll cut it off!\"""""
<propfirst> hall    yeah yeahhh! <propfemale> martinez
is watching hairspray! smile 
woooo!! play today!
"spent all day with my theatre family, i love my juniors and seniors sooooooo much!!!!!"
"hey, you guys should totally ask me a question in my inbox and i'll answer it in a status "
"q: \do you remember that crazy janitor at central?\""\",df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6,everyone going on the deca field trip is leaving me all by  myseeeeeeeeeeeelf!!!
but it's the pelvic thrust that really drives you insayayayane!!
class rings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love my class ring! lalalalalallaaaaaalalalaaa!
"promise i'll be kind, but i won't stop until that boy is mine  baby you'll be famous <propmale> ya down until you love me  papa-paparazzi"
<propfirst> hart is just too funny!
why do we not have a chorus at our school? i'm feeling musically imbalanced lately 
a day filled with showtunes   ahhh i love my life!
sheboygan
just applied to shoe show  hopefully i will get this job 
"cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance, well their no friends of mine!"
drama practice+ <propmale> potter discussion= pretty cool time  haha
is searching for pictures to go in my inside jokes album 
had a well deserved shopping spree this week with my  mom!
"thinks that someone needs to buy me a \say it with ya chest!\"" hoodie """
so let me be and i'll set you free
has decided to make dutch apple crepes with cinnamon crumb toppings for the french dinner thursday!
bleh     i have a horrible cough again 
spring and summer every other day     
happy feet!!!
"doing a parody of \alejandro\"" for english honors  haha! this shall be interesting!"""
"cause you know  i don't do sadness  not even a little bit, i just don't need it in my life  don't do  sadness so been there, don't do sadness    just don't care "
my house smells like a french bakery 
ahhhhhhh! what is up with everybody having pokemon as thier profile picture!? ya know what? i'm getting one too!!
let's just get through friday and everything will be okay  haha
"thinks <propmale> epstein is the coolest,and i believe he made my day with his song!"
"dear <propmale> groff\\i want your babies "
"well, i better get started on my weekend reading   or sparknotes  no!no! i'll read "
haahaaha! i love how everyone has a cartoon profile picture! it's great!
i want the sims 3 late night realllllly bad 
someone should make me breakfast
you go! <propmale> coco!!
i don't think i'm changing my cartoon profile picture 
yay! new purses!! because god knows i'm tired of carrying that flapjack purse 
"a the devil wears prada monolouge? yes, i think so "
go  away  sickness 
"goodbye, <propfirst>( my cartoon profile picture) it was nice having you for a face  gahh   i  love cartoons  hahaha!"
glee was so cute!
yaaay! i feel better!!
" sad  i just need to know one thing, and maybe i can drop this situation "
this is so crazy   i don't even know what to think anymore  
last christmas i gave you my heart  the very next day you gave it away 
if i see another number game i'm going to scream!
i went on facebook  to see if everyone is still playing that number game    they are 
"chinese food, black ops, nazi zombies, and friday  pretty awesome day smile "
lady gaga takeover on fuse smile 
i think my monologue is pretty amazing!
i love <propfirst> depp in <propfemale> in wonderland  well i love <propfirst> depp in anything!haha
ahahahaahaa! aziz ansari making me laugh smile 
so  what do i do now? study? bwahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahaha!   yeah   i probably should   
whoa   that's    a cool   discovery    
"'a weakling weighing 98 pounds, gets sand in his face when kicked to the ground\"",2010-12-14 23:44:42""",df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6,ugh   exams   
my dad needs to call me so i can persuade him to let me go to the lady gaga concert!
"there once was an ugly barnacle, he was so ugly that everyone died  \the end "
"where is this \snow\"" i was promised?!?"""
"better late than never  never late is better they tell me time is money  well, we'll spend it together  i'm down for whatever you just lead the way "
"yum, <propfemale> blondie ice cream is the best!"
banana nut!
"sims 3? yes, i think so "
is in a sugar <propfirst> kind of mood 
what time does the christmas play start today?!?
itunes    you disgrace of a     tune   place   you better work or i'm gonna   i'm gonna   uninstall you   
"oh, dear lord   kidz bop did it again   playful "
pineapple e playful ress=hilarious movie!
toaster strudeeeeeeellllls!
fogel 
que'est-ce que?!?
je m'ennuie!!
2011! here we come!!
wants to go see black swan
woo! glee re-runs later! i can't wait!
loves yoga
"well, heading to nashville in a couple of minutes "
"3  2    1    happy new yea- oh, blahblahblah   "
rugrats
vous etes <propfemale> seul pour moi
dead dead dead payne petty long
my friends   i have received a snuggie  i know what you're thinking  but they are <propfemale> soft!!!
haha! nerd time! i'm getting ready to go buy the sims 3 late night! looks like another sleepless night for me!
ha   okaaay
i  have  internet!!!
just downloaded all the songs from spring awakening! ahh  my life is complete 
"i keep my life on a heavy rotation the question that keeps lifting you up, up, up, and away and over to a table at the gratitude cafe "
has a strange craving for oatmeal   
i find it very amusing that you think i care   
"why do i feel like i've been deprived of something?oh, i know! acting! gahh   if i don't find some kind of play to do i 'm going to lose it!"
"payne petty long  \who used to drink tang when they were little?\""\",df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6,sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppppp 
my television is a war zone  why? grenade whistle!!
"sooo apparently hippopotamuses  do not swim, and are incapable to this activity     "
i will just die if i don't  get just dance on broadway for the wii!! i  need  it 
soooo what's a jungle animal that can't swim?  hippopotame !
"je voudrais <propfemale> hippopotame noir,pour mon annivarsaire payne petty long"
is it me or  is anyone else excited about college surfing this year?haha
grease remake!? whaaaaaaaaa?
"you choke me something awful just like kisses on the neck (two best friends)  we are the kids who feel like dead ends, and i want to be known for my hits not just my misses  i took a shot and didn't even come close "
"snow? i haven't seen real snow in about   hmm 8 years haha so lets see what's going to happen tommorrow you hopeful students, you "
"was just eaten by the \ i told you so\""  monster """
"\ive got the shakes to make you quake ive got the fries that will bust your eyes ive got the burgers that wi      ive just got burgers\""-cheeseburger <propmale>"""
"who is the greatest human being ever!?\<propmale> (the kid) crosby "
"when i'm on stage   i'm never nervous  never shy  i give it my all, but tell me why  i can never have the same confidence in anything else?"
<propmale> horror tonight at 7! i've been waiting for this all week! wooooooo!
"whatever happend to saturday night? when you dressed up sharp and felt alright  it don't seem the same since this cosmic light, came into my life! i thought i was divine!"
"\sometimes i believe in as many as six impossible things before breakfast \"""""
let's do the time warp agaaaaaaain!
whew! my <propmale> horror fix is filled!!! i love that movie  i guess it's time to wait for it to come on again    in about 2 hours!! woooooo!
fruity pebbles? yep!
i think i need to go to facebook rehab   sad 
"put despicable me in the dvd player   and just let the home screen play  \jams!"
cabs are heeeere!
gahhhhhhhhhh! i'm sick! nooooooooooooooo!
"well, i guess it's back to bed for me "
"dear members of big time rush,\\die "
watching victor victoria!
<propfemale> tint my world 
heehee smile 
"as always, i'm the first one up! snagged the laptop! wooooooooooo   "
tudors marathon on bbc!
"okay, spring awakening starts febuary 25-27! i need to see this!"
"and you can say what dreams are, making time to be lonely and sad  and you can say what we are  now this is the season for dreaming,but now our bodies are \the guilty ones\"" who touch and colour the hours """
"in the mist of this nothing  this miss of a life, still it's just one thing just to see you go by "
"spring and summer ev’ry other day\blue wind gets so sad\blowin’ through the thick corn,\through the bales of hay,\through the open books on the grass\spring and summer "
good morniiiing!!(steven <propfirst> voice)
best friends  they don't make them like they used to anymore   
so    i can pretty  much tell payne petty long anything 
i just made a movie  everyone should look at it  haha
"i'm sleeping to dream about you  and i'm so tired  of having to live without you, but, i don't mind "
i just made my first movie  bwahaha it's called payne and akelah pt 3 it's on the newsfeed and it's on youtube  only problem is that i can't upload pt  1 and 2  sad 
"where you are seems to be as far as an eternity  outstretched arms, open heart, and if it never ends then when do we start? i'll never leave you behind, or treat you unkind  i know you understand,and with the tears in my eye give me the sweetest goodbye  that i ever did receive "
wow i  just love how everything went wrong tonight  i guess i'm staying at home like a loser tonight 
"if i could escape and recreate a place that's my own world, then i could be your favourite girl(forever) perfectly together, and tell boy, now wouldn't that be sweet?if i could be sweet(sorry boy) i know i 've been  a real bad girl, i didn't mean for you to get hurt(what so ever) we can make it better  tell me boy now wouldn't it be sweet?"
"\not the mama!\"""""
if i told the world i'd never say enough cause it was not said to you 
watching mean gals 
steelers 
"my biggest fear?\kimbo slice "
that deca test made me hungry playful 
"well, you done done me and you bet i felt it  i tried to beat you, but you're so hot that i melted  i fell right through the cracks, and now i'm trying to get back "
one love! what about the one heart!?
sooo   i'm confused  school or no school?
just woke up from some much needed sleep  i wonder if this is how bears feel after hibernating 
whaaaa!?
feeeeeeeeeeed mehhhhhhh!
a certain someone needs to go ahead and sell my phone so i can get my spring awakening ticket!
"paws up \now show me ya teeth "
the sims 3 medieval? i gotta get it 
ugh   big day tommorrow  might as well enjoy today as much as i can  playful 
is  making cheesecake!
deca competition today 
ughh   i forgot  about the  writing assement for today 
"ahh   mail from kamloops, my day is complete "
"\black history month  please don't do anything stupid  positive 100%\"""""
everyone around  my is  getting sick! aaaaaaaaah! quarantine! quarantinnnneeeeeeeeeee!
was looking everywhere for a green shirt that i see everyday! why is it that when i need it it is nowhere to be found!?
spring awakening  two weeks!!
"i am not <propfemale>, i am aladdin so far ahead these bums is laggin  see me in that new thing, bums is gaggin! i'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon! raah! rahh! like a dungeon dragon!"
"trois jours pour \born this way\""!"""
whaaa? learning life lessons from glee?
"\payne petty long that old man has riff-raff hair \""\",df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6,could use a tropical vacation right now 
born this way!!
new phone number! inbox me and i will send it to you 
new phone number 536-6285
watching shaka zulu    shaka!
don't dream it  be it 
"pulse is gone and racing  all fits and starts  window by window you try and look into, this brave new you that you are   "
ahh! i gotta get home before i miss too much of the grammy's!
<propmale> mars  love 
gaga   buttcheek dress 
some people want to fill the world with silly love songs  what's wrong with that? i'd like to know  cause here i go again 
i love payne petty long 
getting ready to watch the house of usher  let's hope i understand the movie better than the book 
"when <propmale> said he didn't like his <propmale> you knew he was a no good kid, bu t when he threatened your life with a switchblade knife    what a guy! makes you cry! und i did!"
woo! field trip!
woo! bus reached over capacity! so much fun  not
the play was awesome! termites!
glee 
"\i wants on them froggy lips\""-santana"""
"he says he's no good with words, but i'm worse "
10 days!
"home-made pizza, watching <propmale> horror  awesome night!"
"we've all got our junk, and \my junk\""is you  9 days"""
"\you have to be unique and different and shine in your own way \""lady gaga"""
"god, i dreamed there was an angel who could here me through the wall, as i cried out like in latin this is so not life at all! 8 days "
moving to nashville   hopefully 
"\canadian poopcorn\""payne long"""
"i'm at home with a ghost who got left in the cold, who knocks at my peace with no keys to my soul  7 days"
black by popular demand 
"haven't you heard \the word of your body\""? 6 days!"""
"well, i guess i should buy some binoculars fos saturday  playful "
pow! pow! pow!  smile 
ughh   annoyed 
"still i know to trust my own true mind, and to say t\theres a way through this \"""""
in kind of in off mood today   
<propfirst> franco is <propfemale> adorable!
strangers with <propfemale> episodes make me happy!
glee 
trois jours!
listened to nothing but music from spring awakening on the way home today  getting prepared for saturday  woot! woot!
"grand tier seats? yeah, i think so "
pokemon black and white or young frankenstein?
spring awakening two days  laugh 
"i really want to do \get smart\""  everybody who plans to audition next week should not suck so this dream can come true """
was totally unaware that it was raining last night  i'm a heavy sleeper! hahaha!
is liking this play   laugh 
my life will be complete tommorrow at 2 surprise o!
"i must confess   i have been struck with bieber fever  it caught me by surprise my friends, even modern science can't cure this "
i'm so excited! i can't sleep!
i can't believe i'm going to se e the greatest new broadway production in just a few hours! i don't do sadness especially when i'm about to see spring awakening!
i'm almost at tpac! woo! i'm so excited!
the first act was so amazing! i have never been so inspired as an actor  who knows  maybe i'll be part of the spring awakening cast 
"oh my god! the acting was fantastic! the music was phenomenal! my life? it's complete! spring awakening is my dream come true the only thing is that my \guilty ones\"" shirt is too big """
"\born this way\"" video premire tomorrow happy """
so excited for auditions tommorrow! you all better bring it because i'm not gonna make it easy for ya! haha
shrimp and cocktail sauce  amazing
i was working as a waitress in a cocktail bar    
there's a moment you know   
grilled cheese  smile 
"go leafs, go!"
"<propfirst> conner, imma punch out your last two teeth "
come on toronto!
going to bed -duckie pajamas out-
auditions today  smile 
"was more nervous auditioning today then i ever been, i wonder why?"
"well, the best friend is leaving me tommorrow  i don't know what i'm going to do seeing how he's my garcon blanc   laugh "
you know i'm a ball until they turn off the field lights 
today was   crazy!
hot patootie! bless my soul! i really love that rock and roll!!
"look at this face -_- it's confused, like me "
i'm excited for this upcoming week  i want that cast list!
going to bed becuase <propfirst> godinez is apparently the boss of me 
gah! i'm ready to start acting!
mardi gras party!
so excited for glee tonight  <propfemale>!
glee 
"\brother husbands\"""""
"why is it looking like forks, washington outside? i'm scared!"
"you opened my eyes, and i'm ready to go   lead me into the light "
act prep kicked my butt today  kinda stressed about next week 
everyone look outside   we're about to be blown away  this is what it must feel like to people who live in kansas 
watching a science-fiction double feature  laugh 
"i'm not yo daddy, i'm yo grampa!"
"boy, you're game is pre-historic, scripted like you're <propfemale> couric "
"its so dreamy! oh, fantasy free me! so you can't see me  no, not at all  in another dimension with voyeuristic intentions  well secluded, i see all "
woo! i got in the spring play! call meh jo-jo! haha
rango  smile 
"see this is why i don't like watching childrens movies at the theatre! too much talking, and not from the kids! falcon puunch!"
uh-uh  why is this car smoking?
"was going to buy ducks at tsc, but they already sold them all  sad "
heartache to heartache we stand 
"so get cha knees flexin and your arms t-rexin\\and  creep"
pokemon white!
toronto needs to win this game!
eurotrip!
not looking foward to this week 
university of toronto   thanks to the act my dream has probably been destroyed 
i'm scared!
"first we're stressing about the act, now we have to do the dreaded waiting for the results "
pu rauls
who needs a job?   this girl 
auditions saturday! i can't wait!
can't wait for saturday!
"yeah! they knew i was a creep since the day i was born, came poppin out my mama like some kettle corn! yeah, the doctor caught my head and he started freakin cause i came out clean and i came out creepin!"
"i know every step, i know every song, i know there's a place where i belong!"
happy st  patricks day  don't pinch me!
ahhh! the spring play is amazing! i can't wait to perform it! it's hilarious!!
found my audition song for saturday  hot patootie  smile 
listening to the biebs  smile 
"trying to find my sheet music for \you're never fully dressed without a smile\"""""
"found \good morning baltimore\"" and \""mama who bore me-reprise\"" sheet music!"""
"can not wait for tomorrow! i have my music prepared, and i'm ready to <propfemale> out with pook and petty!"
auditions today!!!!!!! wooooooooooooooo!!
had so much fun at the auditions 
what an exciting day! now for honors english d:
everybody like this status so payne can stop being a little toot and go to his private auditions for hairspray!!!
i love my prom dress!
ramen noodles 
drama practice really makes me hungry 
payne petty long you are going to do hairspray  i'm black and in charge 
praise jeefus! payne is auditioning     i told you i was in charge 
bed 
soooooo ready for spring break  i need time to gather my thoughts   and sleep in  playful 
optimus reim!
"oh, tonight was just too funny  yearbook "
<propfemale> <propfirst> is gone   
"was going to go for a walk today, but instead i decided to eat chocolate cake and watch spongebob  being healthy is too much work "
loves how i come home and everyone has food in their bellies  its not like i eat or anything   imma a plant i feed through photosynthesis  playful 
"\thats pretty pricey for a few pairs of pettipants!\"""""
is wondering why the sim 3 medival costs as much as my prom ticket  playful 
rooosters!
"payne petty long* asian voice*\you think i'm ti ti without any makeup on, you think i'm funny when i make you wonton  i know you get me so i do you're hair and nails *naiiiiils* let's go all the way tonight    but not too far "
fame episodes make me happy 
la <propfemale> duh
i don't know why but this weather calls for some <propfemale> <propfirst> 
the sword of damocles is hanging over my head!
watching the rocker  i love <propmale> geiger!
paws up! mama monster's birthday 
needs a change of scenary 
nowaygirl com is the funniest website ever!
tired of friggin number games taking up my newsfeed 
"job applications  funny i'm very busy this summer\job or summer acting  acting, duh!"
nervous over this cast list!
parachute = new favourite band
i wish some people would forget about the past and move on!
"\we we we so excited\"" \",df4fe28bb3645c11b28b117af35ef5a6,watching sixteen candles!
"\being erica\"" makes me laugh """
feel like a lady and you my lady-boy   you should be stronger than me 
"well, i can see what your top priorities are  i'm not moving anywhere where i'm  not appreciated "
when everything goes left   listen to <propmale> mars
girl fell down the steps on american idol  hilarious 
sweetest show ever  mobbed
"yesterday was thursday, today its friday!  playful "
loves downtown nashville 
wow  hardees is going vegan 
must   take   naaap   
40 funniest fails on vh1  thank you!
vienna cream cheese danish  amazing
start me up!
 wink  life is about to get a little more exciting!
"i think spring break is apologizing to us  like, i know this week i've been a littie hard to deal with, but does today make it up? yes  yes, it does "
"ah, bumblebees, my worst enemies   i see you've returned   "
"can not wait for the \judas\"" song by gaga!"""
<propfemale> nut biscuits are amazing  gonna move to the uk so i can eat them everday!haha
