29d1eaf7b387bb4cb24ed328f654b8c9
making connections  smile 
"just saw g i jo! a lot of punchlines and not the best acting the the world, but all in all it was    ok  (didnt even want to see it, but sombody just got there way lol)"
has something poetic to say    but you don't get to hear it!!
i'm a vegetarian and i aint fuckin scared of him  i'm going to head back to dublin  i'm bored 
damn asian cut my bangs like 2 inches tooo short d:
@*$# this
im down and i want the world to flip to bring me up 
i got a call late last night and apparently im oging camping today   laugh 
hey   you look kinda cute   (ooh) in that polka <propfemale> bikini guurl  hey    this what im gona do   (ooh) take off that polka <propfemale> bikini gurl!
whens homecoming?
"damn, im going to be at school soooooo early  sad "
"just made a twitter, follow me   my username is mrfrankiesmith"
"played hookie today, went to sf instead of school lol"
"good morning, well for you hopefully, my damn parrot wont shut up  gah!"
"where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"
"i fade in and out of reality, because this isn't how it is   not how it used to be "
im sitting at the computer with my baby girl  smile  im a daddy!
"i was sorting through pictures on my computer, and i stumbled accross one, that reminded me how great things were, and how they arnt anymore  memories hurt"
"i hate you ronil, and <propfirst> my words, i'm going to beat you!"
is single 
"<propfirst> and <propfirst>, freshman"
o o i got flashed today  it was very une playful ected   then i left lol
"hey check out the video i uploaded to my profile, i tought myself how to do it last night and today  the video was taken like 30 minutes ago  its pertty coooool "
haha i just cried the hardest i have in a long time  laugh  lol
gooood mooorning  smile 
"waiting for my computer to finish downloading, so i can download something else for a secret project that will make things better "
mahaha!
 annoyed \
conjunction junction whats your function?
"what the heck, im just sitting here and i look down and there is an ant on my arm  i hate when that happens, because then you think    how did he get there? did he crall on from my hand? or up from my feet? d: how long has he been one me!? haha you will never know"
goodnight everyone  smile 
"look for me on friday, i will be different than normal haha"
"hey you! yeah, im talking to you  i want you to tell me a good movie suggestion "
"i have bunches and bunches more pictures from like 2006-nowish, there are some of me with long hair and really short  check them if you want "
i need a distraction
"i'm bored, who wants to <propfemale> out or do something?"
i work for the imf
"i had a cool hat in my dream, but unfortunately, while eating chocolate strawberries, i got red stains and chocolate on it  so i took it off and i soon discovered that the hair in the back of my head was sticking way up and i wouldn't make it lay flat  and before that i had like an action dream involving trying to survive and save some girl while i was with a blind chick who was driving me around  weird, but oh well "
i was having such a good nights sleep  then my alarm had to go off and ruin everything  sad  lol
sugwry is done  i finished 5 minutes ago  i'm so numb
"\she rides orphans to and from the arcade\"""""
my house is going up for sale next thursday  sad 
"hey if anyone recorded the performances from the drama banquet, you should send ne the video  laugh  lol i want to see my back flip  playful  it's funny cuz i did it for my first time the evening before haha"
hmm what if i cut all my hair off?
i did a back flip from running up a tree yesterday  it's scary lol  but i can do it  laugh  it just needs some working on
run around in euphoria!
"slip n slides can be fun, but they can also be cleverly disquised traps put there to make you scratch your stomach! i fell into that trap o o"
i just had a great night with great new friends  laugh 
"tonight was a good night, now i'm off to bed  smile "
i have decided that burnette russian chicks are cute  smile 
i had another great night  mornin with fantastic people! now time for sleep lol
"i've had my headphones in for the last like hour   and i haven't been listening to anything lol  didn't really notice c annoyed \ok (<--its a man standing sideways!)\\hmm, may get off work early today, nice  smile "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=spujibxn0wy&feature=related
im 18 in like 4 days o o this saturday!
wooh! i'm a big boy now!
my adress is 7247 hansen dr  dublin ca  if i didn't mention it in some messages o o
"if you're\brave,copy this into your status  see what people rate you: (1) crazy\(2)wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6)\sexy(7)strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) mouthy (11) wild (12) goofy\(13)funny(14) awesomely (15) amazing (16) beauitful (17) cute (1 smile \   best    fb   sister brother (19) mature (20) wish we <propmale> out more\(21)irreplacable   post it"
it's funny when a guy goes to get a guitar because he saw a cute chick at the park  it's a mating call! lol
ahh! the stars are amazing  i'm on a boat with <propmale> in the middle of a lake under the stars  i wish i had a girlfriend lol and i wish i could show he something like this  last night at like 11 smile 0 the milky way was <propfemale> clear it's spectacular!
i havent been on facebook in ages 
cataclysm
"good night\world \          i'll\see\         ya\l8a"
i'm feelin like doughnuts would be pretty awesome right now
<propfemale> scagliotti  very cute
when i dive in my pool its hard to be humble when i do the breatsroke through an underground tunnel and come up on the other side in a jacuzzi being greeted by two naked models with suds on their booties
a jacuzzi sounds great right now  if you could who would want to join me?
text?
i love dancing crazily to loud techno in my room  smile  which is what i'm doing now  peace fb
yup   not really sure what i'm doing
"\over kill mate\"" \",29d1eaf7b387bb4cb24ed328f654b8c9,"mornin, its christmas <propfemale>  smile "
get ready for the morning its going to be crazy!
"omg!! i think someone just broke into my house!! i'm calling the cops!\    wait a minute   it's christmas   \nvm there's nothin to worry about, it's off to bed for me  good morning everyone  smile "
i got me madlibs and a juggling <propfemale> lol (and other stuff )
speakeasy my friends
waiting for stuff online is like waiting for christmas lol  i think im getting most of my stuff tomorrow morning  oh and im working on juggling  its coming along quite nicely  smile 
recent studies [by <propfirst> smith] show that a young adult <propfirst> has used the scientific method and tested a hypothesis  he has come to the conclusion that he enjoys wearing bigger thicker socks inside out when he goes to bed all warm in his pajamas  night (1:22 am)
night
wow    im about to get up after not movin by butt for just shy of 5 hours doing homework  im just glad i got it all done  now im off to bed  my big comfy bed  smile  gooood night!
"it's noon and i've already driven to lafayette, walnut creek, berkley, oakland, and around sf  i just got home  smile "
"!thgin doog  <propfemale> ot ffo m'i ,enoyreve yeh"
"thanks weight lifting class, i like what i see in the mirror finally"
holy crap! i just figured out how to roll my belly lol 
