7e0ec8017e9fc049edcaaaa457044f4f
works in 4 hours and 10 minutes    man o' man i need to go to sleep 
lost just became one of my new favorite shows 
why is the spell check on my computer set to french?
loves the rain! its going to be a good day  smile 
listening to jamisonparker   
is having problems with microsoft excel    arghh
is taking lots and lots of airborne  no time to get sick     too much to do   
"green street hooligans is such a good movie! anyways, off to bed    work at 4am  annoyed "
work in an hour    blah 
making a tutu  smile 
"so i will run until my feet don't touch the ground, as the waves <propfemale> me out, keep listening   "
wants it to rain  rain=snow  snow=snow boarding 
loves the elliptical
i love the rain!!
i will not allow myself to get sick  time to od on airborne 
"3 closing shifts in a row  boo  1 down, 2 to go "
"3 nights of closing--done  2 days off, in a row  1 more day of classes  done with school on friday and a busy, fun packed weekend to kick off winter break  i can feel the weight being lifted off my shoulders!  smile "
soooo tempted to watch lost season 5 right now but i have to study for my bio final  ughhh 
"listen to your voice, the one that tells you to taste past the tip of your tongue, leap in and the net will appear"
"girls night: pizza, alcohol and my bff's  no penises allowed!"
just bought my ticket for the imax-3d midnight premier of <propfemale> in wonderland  i'm soooo excited  smile 
is bummed  i need a new plan 
exhausted  and i open tomorrow    fantastic 
"homework! oh, homework! i hate you! you stink! i wish i could wash you away in the sink  homework! oh, homework! you're last on my list  i simply can't see why you even exist  if you just disappeared it would tickle me pink  homework! oh, homework! i hate you! you stink!"
i'm pretty sure that i'm addicted to caffein   
2 days  2 midterms  then spring break 
why hello there coffee! have i told you lately how much i love you?!
it's all coming together & i like the way that feels
couldn't sleep at all last night  boo 
"5 weeks: 2 midterms, 1 paper and 3 finals  at the finish line, summer! i can do this!!"
"\happiness is a decision!\"" -<propmale>"""
"ughhh    ochem, you're killing me! it's too early for this and i haven't had my coffee yet!"
love love loves the sunshine!
is addicted to sour patch kids  yummy  smile 
10 days until summer vacay begins! woo hoo!!
a customer just told me that i remind her of the actress who plays bon qui qui   
"triple espresso, please kick in  i have a long day ahead of me "
"tonight is going to be amazing, i have my last final tomorrow and only 21 days until my 21st birthday!! yay!!"
blahhh what a lame night  i wish i could rewind time and go back to this morning!
moving into the new apartment this weekend! yay!!
it's mornings like these that i'm greatful that i work at starbucks 
"let me say this now, before i forget: thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! i'm less than an hour in and i've already have 2 double shots of vodka and 1 double shot of patron  fml "
"cable and internet is all set up in the new apartment and we're slowly getting everything unpacked, yay!!"
"kk and i just got a free bottle of tequilla!! we were discussing wether we wanted <propfirst> cuervo or sauza and the <propmale> bean representative was behind us and he told us that he'd buy us the bottle of sauza so we could enjoy the best! we also got free shirts, and two shot sized bottles of <propmale> bean! score!!"
"girls night: food, drinks, finals game 4 then dear <propfirst>! yay!"
warped tour! woo hoo!
pismo bound!
"oh baby, oh baby, oh! mo, you've got me straight trippin' boo!"
there's nothing better than a $3 blue <propfemale> after a rough night!
3 days at disneyland? yes please!!
the world of color is one of the most amazing things i've ever seen!
i  love  summer!
"boys like girls, tonight; heading to san <propmale>, tomorrow; 311, the offspring & pepper, sunday  it's gonna be an amazing weekend!"
i  love  sd!!
xfest was awesome!!!
"dicicco's for dinner! <propfirst> is force feeding me italian lemon creme cake    i'm so full, but it's so good!"
heading to monterey with the boyfriend!
"ok headache, i've given you caffeine  what more do you want from me?!"
"just had an amazing workout, now time for a nap!!"
laid down for a nap at 6 last night and just woke up    at least i'm all caught up on sleep!
"completely shattered my phone's screen  annoyed \ oh well, i've been contemplating wether or not to buy the 4g anyways, guess it's a sign!"
half dome tomorrow  time to get some rest!
"last day of summer and i got a speeding ticket    fan-frickin-tastic!! not to mention, i just spent $270 on a parking pass and i still need to buy books  that's really gonna hurt the bank account  sad "
coffee before class  i'm ready to get back into my routine but i'm definitely not ready for summer to be over  only 4 days left with my boy  sad 
"i shouldn't have sat down    i've been running around all day, i didn't realize how tired i was until now  only 3 1 2 hours left of work!!"
"ugh  as if tuition prices weren't enough as is, i have to spend an hundred dollars, or so, a years just to print all of my lecture notes, labs and what not    this is a rip off!"
"i'm so excited, going to panera then the secondhand serenade concert with my bff! what a great way to start the weekend! but first i have to make it through 5 more hours of class and lab   "
i'm having an off day  i really don't want to spend the whole day at school  blahhh 
"i'm still awake, wide awake, and i'm studying  this is not like me at all  normally my brain stops functioning around 11  i guess i should take advantage of it though, too bad i work at 8 am  tomorrow is gonna be a long day!"
organic synthesis and mechanism? what the hell was i thinking?! someone just shoot me now and put me out of my misery!
just bought my plane ticket to nc to see <propmale> in october! yay!!
"chem  bio  psych  you're killing me  two quizzes and a midterm in one day = no sleep tonight  atleast i can look forward to friday, just work, no school, then the zac brown band with the mom & the bff!!"
argh  so fed up with stupid sh!t 
hide yo' kids  hide yo' wife  and hide yo' husband  cuz they rapin' errrbody out here!
you know how the dryer eats socks? well i think there is something in my room that's eating my stuff   
"if you know anything about mac's, i'm in need of your assistance!!! everytime i try to save my microsoft word document i get an error that basically says that my hard drive is full    and it's not  it gives me the same error when i try to save the document to a flash drive as well  how can i fix this?"
tecate pong + limes = classy
friday isn't coming fast enough 
"thank you mr  shepherd man for realizing that coffee cherries made your sheep hyper, without your genius discovery i would not have the energy to make it through the day  \\only 47 hours to go  smile "
thanks babe for finishing my essay and thanks <propfemale> for driving like a bat out of hell so i could get my paper turned in  now to finish throwing random crap in my suitcase since i don't have the time to think about what i'm packing  i'm so stressed out  my flight leaves out of san <propfirst> at 1030  gotta hurry    
flight delayed  watching nip tuck  and contemplating a beer   
"i don't know what it is about north <propfemale>, but i've been in at least half a dozen public restrooms and only one of them has had toilet seat covers  wtf?!"
for once i'd like to sleep in past sunrise  8 days in a row i've been up before 530    it's killing me  i just want to sleep in!!
"an hour and a half and $185 later kk and i have emerged from costco with a shit load of groceries  the only problem is that we're gonna be eating <propmale> nuggets, taquitos, bagel dogs and pirates booty popcorn for the next month   "
statistics is the most boring subject ever!!
"<propmale> cesar: (refering to duke basketball) \god they are good    like if our relationship were a college basketball team that'd be us \"" \",7e0ec8017e9fc049edcaaaa457044f4f,"so much reading to do, and so little time    blahhh "
cell communication and protein sorting    i'm gonna need more caffeine if i'm gonna make it through this  such a horrible way to spend a saturday night  blah 
amazing night! i wish i could have shared it with a few other people! you know who you are    i love  u!
black friday shopping in fresno at midnight then back to atwater to work at 3 am  it's gonna be a long night   
i've been up for 29 hours  i think it's time to get some sleep   
made <propmale> 'n cheese from scratch!! yummy!!  smile 
spending my friday night studying because i have a final tomorrow (saturday) morning at 8am  that should be a sin  fml 
i've been drinking refresh tea non-stop for the last 2 days  when am i gonna stop sounding like a man?
i'd give anything for this cough to go away  ughh 
"done with finals and my boy is home, yay!!"
"dodge, tomorrow and tuesday!! yay!!"
"i'd give anything for nice, relaxing massage  my shoulders are so tense "
"heading to dodge with <propmale> <propmale>, <propfemale> la mattina, <propfemale> bryson, and <propfirst> <propmale>!"
i couldn't have asked for a better christmas  smile 
"i got memory foam for my bed for christmas and it it the best thing ever! it's 11 and i don't want to get out of bed, i'm so comfortable!"
"tahoe's booked for the january 6th through the 8th!! heavenly, here we come!!"
"stopping in sac for the night, then tahoe in the morning! having issues with our ghetto luggage board rack though    we left like an hour and a half ago and we're only to turlock  it's gonna be a long night!"
made dinner with the roomies!! yummy!!
calculus is not like riding a bike  it doesn't just come back to you after 3 years    i shouldn't have waited so long to take physics  fml 
"i run my life  or is it running me? run from my past, i run too fast    or too slow it seems  this world keeps spinning faster into a new disaster, so i run to you "
