3b6a414b280222a29d0a95c473cf6b61
i was attacked by a monkey today on the way to kodaikanal  luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since i hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun 
is attic apartment and tornado don't mix   the question is where to take cover?
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail   not a good idea 
grand slam d <propfirst>!!!!
is wondering why it's not <propfemale> 
wonders why the president is wearing a white sox coat?
<propmale> potter was excellent!
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!
is now a certified scuba diver!
is packed and ready to go to san francisco napa valley!
is let the san <propfirst> adventure begin!
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day  nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of    \insuring\"" oneself is more than their cost of living """
go hawkeyes!
will be tailgating at the iowa game   no rain please!
is boycotting the 30% <propmale> of rain snow on saturday 
go hawks!!! survived the cold and pulled out a win!
go hawks! ranked 9th!
is headed to <propfemale> over winter break!
hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! thank god we won!
"oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!"
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided   i think their references are a little outdated 
"is happy to have a new, working laptop "
is wishing i didn't have to proctor an exam at 7 smile 0 am on monday   i hate mornings 
2 classes down   one essay to go  almost done for the semester!
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
"the only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from chennai to madurai   we didn't die   despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver  surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks   very surprising "
purchased my first <propfemale> and is wearing it to the new year's party tonight 
"love the new tv, just wish it didn't turn off the space heater every time i change the channel "
go iowa!
is glad the hawks won even if i was out in rural <propfemale> and couldn't watch the game 
is starting the long process of heading home 
was handed a random baby at the <propfemale> today for a photo opt   happy pongal 
"dear iowa winter, you win "
"is watching the super bowl and reading articles on chikungunya   one is more exciting than the other, take your pick "
laissez <propfemale> bon temps rou<propfemale>r!
made cookies   those who work or have class with me on friday are in for a treat!
is wondering what you wear to a roller derby?
would like to thank the hardin library document delivery service   without you i would have to actually walk to the library and photocopy my own articles 
yum   brownie batter for lunch!
way to go northern iowa!
any volunteers for the human bait mosquito collection portion of my dissertation project? its really easy   
"media trucks surrounding the field house   check, police everywhere   check, iowa city is ready mr  president!"
is déjà vu all over again 
just saw a mustachioed man on a unicycle   does the circus know one of it's performers escaped?
the clock is ticking!
just got a free chick-fil-a sandwich while studying on the pentacrest   in honor of tax day! yum!
is on my way to florida for a belated spring break!
on the road to miami!
cubs win!
hates rereading things i've already turned in and finding mistakes 
is a little nervous   and slightly nauseous 
i passed! offically abd!
eating at orchard green for dinner tonight if anyone is interested  around 7-ish 
is at the blue moose listening to some awesome live music!
got a bunch of hair cut off today and turns out there is a 'hair fundraiser' to collect hair to send to the gulf of mexico to soak up oil  glad i could help 
is wondering how the lib dems and the conservatives plan to work together? seems a bit like opposites attract 
just took the bus all the way home and realized i drove to work  now waiting for a ride back to my car 
is excited to be heading to vegas tomorrow   been packed since thursday!
"at the airport, heading to vegas!"
: you know the 'your bag must fit in this box' thing at the airport that no one uses? well alligent air made us do it and neither <propfemale> nor my small suitcase fit and so we had to check for $35 a piece   then the guy came and found us later to let us know he only charged us for one! let the good luck begin!
vegas baby!
is leaving las vegas!
"if the lady two cubicles away thinks she is whispering, she is wrong "
is thinking i might be a little late to work tomorrow   go usa!
goal!
usa!!!
"is heading out to shakespeare in the park   or rain, we'll see which prevails "
<propfirst> the octopus was right! yeah for spain!
please ignore any emails generated from my old hotmail account  i have switched to gmail and no longer use the hotmail email but have heard it has sending out a spam email with a virus  sorry for the bad email   
submitted my first irb document today  fingers crossed they don't send back to many questions!
is starting my 10th semester of graduate school  i may consider a different profession at some point in the distant future 
80's outfit   check  80's hair   check! 80's makeup   check! ready to party it up 
"why am i so hungry??? oh yeah, wheat thins for dinner  not sufficient "
"on the bus, heading to the iowa hawkeye game!"
nothing like an iowa tailgate!
is not looking forward to shelling out $1500 on a plane ticket 
my dissertation proposal was approved! i leave for <propfemale> in a week!
it's a wet one at kinnick!
is on her way to iowa state university to play with mosquitoes!
let the adventure begin! i leave for a three month research trip in <propfemale> tomorrow!
"30 hours of travel later, a few hours of sleep and i am ready for day 1 in <propfemale> "
up at 6 surprise 0 am   jet lag at it's best 
the curse of the pineapple strikes again! time for a benadryl 
thinks she got a bug bite on her eyelid   
just found out there is a domino's pizza in madurai   and they deliver! there goes my food budget!
is considering staying up to listen to the hawkeyes  darn you 10 5 hour time difference!
got irb approval!!! i can get started on my data collection!
"is having a technical difficulty   meaning a power surge took out my a c, tv and computer charger  start battery conservation mode   goodbye internet until i get a new charger!"
was happy to wake up to an iowa hawkeye win!
hypothetically   what do you think you would get if you gave someone bread and peanut butter and asked for a sandwich?
happy diwali everyone! i'm in bangalore for the weekend  firecrackers going off every few minutes!
heading to mysore in a little bit!
13 5 hours of traveling and i am back in madurai!
is heading to delhi on friday! then onto rajasthan for a week!
off to delhi! taj mahal saturday!
can cross camel ride in the desert off my bucket list  pretty sure once is enough 
heading back to madurai! go hawks!
happy thanksgiving everyone! eat some turkey for me!
i think i just ordered a pizza from dominos 
fingers crossed no rain tomorrow!
so turns out all that sunscreen i put on this morning was wishful thinking  6 hours of data collection in the rain!
has three weeks to wrap up this project! now if only data entry could be more exciting   
my project is wrapped up!!!!!! today i play tour guide for soman puzhankara  and hopefully finish up my christmas shopping too 
"made it to chennai  at the train station, i watched in horror as the <propfemale> <propmale> hoisted my 'lucky if its under 50 pounds' suitcase on his head and had another guy put my smaller (but not lighter) suitcase on top of the first  he then took off sprinting toward the exit (which included several flights of stairs)  happy to say no one was killed by my falling luggage and the <propmale> definitely earned his $5 "
the runway system at frankfurt airport is fully operating again! fingers crossed the weather cooperates with my wish to be home for christmas!
back in the usa! first stop   eat a hamburger!
<propfemale> christmas!
hitting the road for the first time in 3 months   do i drive on the right or left   
glad to finally see a hawkeye win!
and the new years extravaganza begins!
watching <propfemale> <propfirst> and she just said   i kid you not   'i got me a dead squirrel in the mail today '
finally seeing <propmale> potter!
thanks for all the birthday wishes!
is going to new orleans for mardi gras!
is listening to <propfirst> colbert talk about herd immunity  go public health!
"driveway cleared  if i had the energy to move, i might consider leaving the house  just because i can  but i won't because i am too tired "
arrived safely at the iowa game   they better win after all the work we pit into getting here!
saw <propmale> mis in chicago! awesome show!
bacon wrapped smokies and rice krispie treats for dinner 
"at the iowa basketball game, hoping for a win!"
"enjoys smelling like a swimming pool, but should probably shower "
yeah for <propmale> firth!
"overheard conversation at the hospital today   female 1: 'you guys were rasied better than that!', female 2: 'yeah, but we were bored '"
on the way to new orleans!
all you can eat brazilian steak house!
and it begins   
the plan is to collect my weight in mardi gras beads!
important lesson learned   don't miss the last ferry 
"seven hours, three parades, two hours hunting for a cab and shivering the entire time=a late start on lundi gras "
round 2: mardi gras parades vs  team <propfemale> and <propfirst>  who will win?
would like to know what i need to sacrifice to the god of cabs  my cab <propfemale> is seriously low 
beignets from cafe du monde!
and so mardi gras ends   
