63933542a62ee2e8d0deb5d4d588c9fc
is at work 
now has a laptop!
leaves for a scuba trip with her family tomorrow morning!
"just got back from florida  the trip was awesome, but the car ride back   not so much "
gets to go to <propfemale> garden for lunch today   smile 
is back at mobile!
the fire alarm went off this morning  it was sooo fun having to get up and rush outside in my pjs 
is hanging out with <propfemale> and <propfirst> 
thinks she will enjoy her geography class   even if it's a night   and even though i'm the youngest in the class 
"is happy because we've moved to the fun part of chemistry: balancing equations! yes, i'm a nerd and i love every second of it "
is getting up bright and early tommorrow for coastal clean-up   
comes home for fall break tomorrow!!!
and <propfemale> are about to head back to b'ham!
is back in mobile!
"has no class tomorrow! thanks, <propfemale> "
"just managed to create matter out of nothing  seriously, my lab e playful eriment somehow producted nearly double what it should have    all bow down to the breaker of the law of conservation of mass!"
should really be finishing up her paper right now   curse you short attention- butterfly!!!
has finished her <propmale> project! now all that's left is my paper   and to study for the chem test   and the geography final   and the honors' revolution      
has pretty much finished her paper!!!
is about to take her english final  yay!
has one final down and two to go!
has only her chem final left!
is finished with finals! freedom!!!
is hanging out at starbucks! internet how i have missed you!
's new year's resolution is to make an a in chemistry 
just ordered her lit  textbooks   my pocket hurts from the emptiness 
is tired  stupid football game getting my hallmates excited and loud 
is glad for the three day weekend!
is brain dead 
has returned to b'ham 
"had a pretty awesome day  but then again any day involving jellies, otters, penguins, sharks, ect is going to be awesome "
"and <propfirst> <propfirst> whitacre have not only taken the road less traveled but made their own road    well, trail  it leds to the golf range "
life sometimes feels like walking on a tightrope without knowing if there's a safety net below or not 
"just lost the game  (yeah, i am evil )"
has completed her <propfemale> science paper  yay!
had an awesome time at spring formal last night!
"sometimes my family really amuses me: \he's a yankee \""- mom \""a <propmale> yankee?\""- <propfemale>"""
has figured out what she's doing for her sociology through cinema paper! and has an idea for her honors english paper!
"has had sufficient intake of caffine and chocolate, so maybe i'll be able to make progress in the realm of paper writing   maybe"
one paper down!
"and <propfemale> britnell got to go on an adventure after the honors party   exactly how we ended up lost in downtown pirchard when we were traveling from fairhope? well, that's my sense of direction and a confusing gps for you "
"had an awesome day, but now that it's over i must go back to the papers   just two more left   "
's 10 <propfemale> break from paper writing somehow turned into a 30 <propfemale> break   funny how that happens 
is done with her english paper!
wishes everyone a happy earth day!   is it sad that google was what reminded me of this?
"the honors project is essentially done, so all i have left is to finish one paper and take two exams  then i'm free!"
"has literally nothing to do tomorrow  no classes, no work, nothing "
one exam down and one to go 
just found out i made the perfect score on my <propfemale> biology final! this day officially ties with april 9 for the best day of this semster 
"'s chemistry exam went okay, though i know i didn't do as well as yesterday  now all that's left is packing "
had a really fun weekend   yet somehow i'm already starting to miss mobile   
"starbucks, what would i do without your wifi and coffee?   be bored that's what "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
"gets to go to lunch with <propfemale> <propfirst> matre today!   oh, and some other people will be there too (just kidding mom! i love you!) "
got to ride in my boat!
"just marathoned the cardcaptor sakura manga   yeah, i have no life  on the plus side i have enough warm fuzzies to last a few months   of course, that's not really a plus when you have a wedding to go to   "
will soon be on my way to my cousin's wedding 
the rehearsal dinner is over  <propfemale> (my cousin and the bride) looked so happy but i'm sure she'll really shine tomorrow 
is back from the wedding 
had an epic trip to walmart 
has a dentist appointment   yay 
is done packing for my trip to <propfemale>!
will soon be leaving for <propfemale>! i'm coming <propfemale> <propfemale> thrasher!
"is now in <propfemale>! and no, i didn't get lost   playful "
just loves it when you have an awesome waiter 
will be heading back to birmingham soon   
is back home 
"it feels like i got back just yesterday and now i'm starting to pack for my move to dauphin island   wait, i did get back just yesterday "
"my mom \accidently\"" stole the keys to my car   think she might be trying to hint at something?"""
is pretty much done with packing!
"has the house to herself, is listening to music, and eating left over crab legs  could this night be any better?"
dauphin island here i come!
made it to dauphin island and is now settling in 
would like to rub it in everyone's face that i spent the evening strolling along the beach   playful 
"should probably invest in either earplugs or knockout gas  while the earplugs are cheaper and more practical, it would be more fun to use knockout gas on those who yell at the top of their lungs at 3 in the morning "
my first class was interesting   i don't think i'll have much free time if my second is anything like it 
"my second class looks to be fairly easy much to my relief  in other news, for any interested party, i've been told oil will start washing up on di's shore thursday or friday   "
thinks she might be getting something resembling a tan!   maybe   
"whoever's idea it was to have to laundry room (well, building) not have air conditioning has my eternal loathing "
spent the afternoon at the saltmarsh and on the beach!
"has a fever, and tomorrow is the day my class takes an overnight trip to go snorkeling  it sucks "
is back from the class snorkeling trip and ready for the weekend!
"honestly i've been kind of depressed lately  but today, without even having a way to know how i was feeling, multiple people went out of their way for me  even if some, well, most plans didn't work out- the point is that i got a much needed reminder (in the lovely form of a hammer to the head) that i'm not as alone as i sometimes think  thanks guys!"
has conquered her first test!
"saw a waterspout today while in a boat   a little 8 person boat   that nearly flipped 3 times   yeah, it was awesome "
would like to say that the new version of the karate kid is awesome 
why is it that i don't get seasick (with one exception) but after spending a day on a boat will get landsick?
had a strange day  my coastal geomorphology class went on a field trip; it involved stopping at a resturant to watch the world cup  then on the way back we missed the ferry by 5 minutes because of a helicopter blocking traffic 
"now has a hatred for seashells  why you ask? well, while spending two hours collecting them is fun, the four hours spent afterwards trying to identify the species of 20+ shells isn't "
"the busy week of finals for first term is here, wonderfully started a thunderstorm waking me up at way-too-early o'clock  but that's okay because the last airbender comes out this week! and it's 4th of july weekend!   oh, and something about my dad's birthday   "
's done with first term!!! it's like i can breath again!
"the quote of the day is \free advice is worth the price\""   i can't help but think that that quote is worthless """
little red is very sick and because of it being a holiday there's no car doctors around   
"'s car, after a few delays, is alive!"
wants to dance in the rain 
loves it when i spend the entire day in my pjs 
"has realized that i am happiest when i have a forward momentum in my life  the thrill of struggling toward a goal  of knowing that no matter what happens i will find a way, giving myself no other choice  i'm adjustable but persistent  and, on occasion, i can become comparable to a force of nature "
"staying up til sunrise, then sleeping til 1  what can't everyday be like that?"
probably just failed her <propfemale> vert midterm   but from the sounds of it i wasn't the only one 
brain fried from studying   but must get a to counterbalance bad grade
"test over   i don't think i did as bad as the first, but it's definitely not an a either  i just can't seem to remember the various orders and families of fish   "
"\you bit your tongue while drinking coffee?\""- <propfirst> <propfirst> whitacre"""
my class caught a roughly 8 ft hammerhead shark today  it was awesome 
turtle sitting is fun!
"\you can't write off these storms off until they're dead and buried with a stake in its heart \"" - my professor on tropical storms"""
hurricane class field trip got cancelled due to thunderstorm   something just seems off about that 
"what happens when you have an entire group of procrastinators that have perfectionist tendencies? 12+ hours of basically non-stop working on the project   not kidding  all nighters are exhausting   but can't sleep, class in half an hour "
"thankfully class was really short, so i got to take a nice long nap  yay for a functoning (maybe) brain! i'll need that to study for the exam tomorrow "
is done with the exam! and i even think it was an improvement   not that that says much  also staying up all night for the fish collection was so worth it; we tied for first with 81 species and 93% accurancy!
"packing, then leaving  yay!"
home sweet home 
getting a free drink is awesome! yay for store policy about making people wait to long!
"new rainboots, coffee, good- well, decent company  not a bad day "
there was a giraffe  it was awesome 
we has a new dorm <propfemale>!!!
someone save me!!! <propfemale>'s making me listen to the illiad!
my organic chemistry book arrived eariler! now i can do my homework  yay!   wait   that doesn't seem right   no!
"\reality is the glitch in my teleportation system \"" - <propfemale> britnell"""
"ever had one of those days where everything's going pretty well, then one thing goes wrong and the rest follows suit  today was one of those days "
apparently <propfemale> garden trains its waitresses in the way of the ninja 
has had an awesome fun filled weekend going on adventures with <propfemale> britnell and <propfirst> <propfirst> whitacre
's brain hurts   can i curl up in a deep dark hole and pretend i don't have things to do?
"nine years  time heals but i pray the scars always remain  because if they were to fade, it would mean we'd forgotten "
according to <propfirst> baumann i could drink pure acid and survive 
"so i came to starbucks to do the homework i need internet for, only to realize when i got here that i left what i needed at home   epic fail   "
is brain dead   not good when i really need to finish homework 
playing assassins causes mission: impossible music to get stuck in my head 
cutting off my foot is starting to become a tempting idea   
i like it on the floor between my desk and the wall 
"slept late, spent the afternoon in a bookstore, and now coffee and internet  not a bad day "
has had a pumpkinlicious day!
is back in mobile 
has pink in my hair and likes it 
rock band is as fun as i've heard   now to study for my chem test   
chem test a success (hopefully)! next on the list: finish mashburn paper before the movie tonight   
organic chemistry test was a success! yayness!
had a rather awesome day  even if it did involve some shopping and paper writing   and i'm probably the only girl that puts shopping on the same evil level as a paper   anyway! awesome day with <propfemale> garden goodness and hanging out with <propfirst> <propfirst> whitacre
cheesecake should never taste like an orange  never 
paper almost done   just one more point and then the conclusion   then i have to do another paper   
scavenger hunt time!
"rain, rain, rain   monsoon "
christmass spectatular was indeed spectatular!
organic chem test then on the road!
has the most awesome mom!!!
presentation complete! now i should study   but the headache tells me i need a nap   
"finals week   i really shouldn't be so apathetic toward you, yet i am "
freedom 
has just begun a long and difficult journey   researching various grad schools 
happy winter solstice!
i'm a little disappointed with my grades   but a pumpkin spice latte makes it a little better 
"not only did i get a white christmas, but the snow hasn't completely melted yet! it actually looks like winter "
happy new years <propfemale>! may 2011 be wonderful!
had a great day trip to atlanta! and we're supposed to get snow again! a lot of snow!
"saw tangled, which was cute and funny, and then had a fight with my computer  it's okay, we made up   smile "
back in mobile!
found the hot light and rejoiced   smile 
clue college style: <propfemale> britnell in the hallway with a hairbrush 
i have discovered the yummyness that is thai food 
cold rain is evil 
"had an epic adventure last night that involved couch hunting, frozen yogurt, a random flirty pre-teen, a movie, <propfirst> <propfirst> whitacre, and <propfemale> britnell "
back in birmingham  so ready for the r&r 
heading back to mobile!
