4e56a984c121b6ae0477e63addf99c58
thinks avatar was pretty ballin' 
absolutely loathes his physics class 
got one of his student teaching placements for next semester!
begins the final push to his last winter break    i can't wait for this week to be over 
is actually excited for his jury tomorrow - i sound pretty ballin' 
"just watched <propfirst>, and is probably going to be in a rather strange humor for a few hours "
hopes his potential other student teaching placement works out    then i only need to drive (not even) 5 minutes to get there!
"is working, working, working    ugh!"
thinks that mári <propmale>'s cookies are the greatest 
"is on a bnat, <propfemale> champ puco, don't you ever forgejktsn2 "
is taking his physics final    then is out of here!
"is done, and can't wait for student teaching next semester!"
"is home    and yeah, already bored "
sure as hell isn't going anywhere today    damnit!
"is bothered by the fact he has to wait another day before he can see <propfemale>, but knows that tomorrow he'll be out in the snow having awesome adventures and or conquering the world "
is celebrating pokemon december month crap shit!
"got his other student teaching placement, only 5 minutes away from his apartment! good times  ps dirty wet gin martinis with extra olives = the only real martini "
"is insanely happy - i thought i did terribly this semester, but cumulatively i'm still above a 3 5 so i'm good  now, for christmas shopping   "
is in an irrationally bad mood 
"<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>, peeps "
"can't sleep    i mean, come on now, it's christmas!"
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone! stay tuned for <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s enchanted christmas iii   "
just had a rather enchanted christmas  and by enchanted i mean retarded if you look at the photo album i just participated in 
is pretty sure his life belongs to his wii for the next few days 
is madly tearing through brawl unlocking everything   
i didn't recognize you without the handcuffs 
needs to sleep!
is heading back to school later today  student teaching begins thursday!
is back at school!
"well, student teaching seminar's over  now to spend today and tomorrow getting ready   "
had an awesome first day of student teaching!
can definitely tell that it was friday at his school today  weekend!
blaaaaaaaaaaaaah hahahaha vhad f dlshfnnneua shfoud hakjvoudn fyoujg andoufng hou you! you! you! fjsldnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn okay
ouch 
