7247666ea5cc86e05f94a30cbab78fe1
is hungry
braces are off  smile 
gonna watch corny zombie movies with <propfirst>
outfished the guys today!
seeing <propfirst> aldean on the 11th!
i can't wait for the <propfirst> aldean concert! i spent like 2 hours at bar d western with <propfirst> looking for a cowboy hat that he can wear to the concert    too bad there's school tomorrow  sad 
stupid rain 
the <propfirst> aldean concert was sweet!!
logging rodeo started today! and trapshoots on thursday again     smile 
fell on the pole climbing pole for logging rodeo  i'm sore and i cut my knee open  sad 
"got 8 seconds in chainsawing  beat all the girls and the boys  and i got 2 first places in double bucking, <propfirst> & <propfemale> and <propfemale> & <propfemale>  also got a ribbon in log chop   "
going to south <propfemale> on sunday!
"is in big timber, montana watching bull riding on tv and talking to ricco and <propfirst>   smile "
"everyone got their limit yesterday  i got one shot in today, and two road shots  but i didn't get anything, road hunting was exciting though haha"
is 16!
just got my license!  smile 
woke up at 4am  and not to go shopping either
"i hit one duck out of one shot, but we lost it  pretty good shooting average though"
going duck hunting again tomorrow morning    wish me luck  smile 
i have a really bad headache and it's not going away  sad 
got a flowmaster super 44 put on my truck today  smile 
"half day tomorrow, goin shooting  smile "
i want it to be warmer so i can go trail riding    i hate the rain and mud  sad 
going shooting today!
just got <propfirst> strait tickets!!!  smile  smile  smile 
11 more days until <propfirst> strait concert!  smile 
<propfirst> strait tomorrow night!!  smile 
the <propfirst> strait concert was awesome  smile 
got my back window fixed finally  smile 
watching the kentucky derby
i want to take the cats off of my truck  and get new tires   annoyed 
got back from pullman
i have the compass test today : smile (
"ffa banquet tomorrow at swhs cafeteria, 5pm! ffa members come, and brind your family  smile "
got vice president last night at the ffa banquet  smile 
went fishing today and got one trout  and <propfirst> didn't get any  smile 
i love drivin dad's truck to school! turbo diesel  smile 
you have to put it in 4wd to make it up my driveway right now
ridin the horses today with mam and pap
my horse laid down in the slough when we were riding through    i got soaked haha
i'm a rebel by morning!
can't wait for the barrel race on sunday  smile  i'm excited to see how <propmale> does!
"<propmale> and i did our first barrel run, he did amazing!!  smile  i'm even more excited for sunday now "
the gaming show was so much fun today  smile  <propmale> did well for his first time!
<propfirst> left chips in my truck  yay!  smile 
rode for 7 hours up on medford today
"right now in my household we have one i<propmale>, one <propmale> mini, one <propmale>book pro, two ipods, and now an ipad  lol"
happy 4th of july!!!
had a fun 4th of july
if i wanted your opinion i would beat it out of you - <propmale> <propmale>
rodeo and fireworks were really fun this weekend  i love summer  smile 
"\why in the hell would a hay truck have a sub in it?\"" \""cause we're badasses\"" good day gettin hay  smile """
waitin on a woman needs to be rewritten   
"after i graduate college, instead of getting a nice apartment or something i'm going to buy a ford raptor and live out of that  smile "
"<propmale>, texas ranger marathon! hell yeah!"
cowboy up could quite possibly be better than 8 seconds  good movie 
just got done riding up at medford  now we have to drive to concrete to get to south skagit just to get home cause of the wreck  sad 
<propmale> did soooo good today  i'm gonna put up videos  smile 
"gonna go try out the new tack on <propmale>, then later wash the heifers for fair, and then <propfemale> out with the boyfrienddd  smile "
headin to lake cavanough today
"this rain really needs to go away  it can come back like two weeks from now, after all this fair stuff is done "
i wanna go on a trail ride this week    i've got an extra horse if anyone wants to join me  smile 
"good day showing at the fair today, still showing saturday  barrel racing tomorrow night "
"barrel race didn't go so well tonight    i lost a stirrup running towards the first barrel  <propmale> did very, very well despite my lack of riding skills lol"
next weekend will be fun! friday night lights time-onlys and a sedro gaming show  smile  <propmale> is going to be an awesome barrel horse!
"gonna ride <propmale>, so he's all ready for the gaming show tomorrow  smile "
"today was fun, except for <propmale> bein crazy after the second barrel  no idea what happened there haha, probably the rider  smile "
can't wait for the trapshoot on saturday  smile 
lake cavanaugh bound!
today sucked    at least i got $80
ughh i hate school  like a lot 
"we found the cutest white <propfemale> halfway up medford, so i put him between me and the saddle and rode down the mountain with him  his mouth was dripping saliva and a little bit of blood, but he was <propfemale> sweet  he was trying to rub against our legs  he had to be put down  he was already neutered, someone had dropped him off up there   sad "
need to catch up on jersey shore! i got two episodes on my dvr to watch haha
might get a benelli <propfemale>  smile  smile  smile  12 gauge!
shot a 20 today  probably would've gotten better if i had that benelli <propfemale> already   
going trail riding today! hopefully get to shoot my new gun too
who wants to go shooting today??  smile 
"<propmale> skinner, who lynyrd skynyrd was named after, died today  this is probably why i've felt sick all day lol"
got my homecoming dress today!  smile 
oh god i can't wait for october 16th    
i have a huuuge bruise on my shoulder  i only shot a 19 and a 13    just hopin for better next week like always   
"speaking words of wisdom, let it be "
stayed home sick today  sad 
"amarillo by morning, amarillo's on my mind  everything that i've got, is just what i've got on  i ain't got a dime but what i've got is mine  i ain't <propmale>, but lord i'm free  ? <propfirst> strait"
"got new danner boots for the trip, i can't wait for south <propfemale> now!"
starting to pack today    ugh    
debatable
"didn't shoot too great today    i did better after the ffa shoot  but i shot with all stanwood boys and the littlest one looked at the score afterward and said in his high pitched voice \she outshot all of us!\"" hahahahah  smile  it's sooo funny when i outshoot the boys"""
going to my first barrel racing lesson in arlington    hopefully all goes good  smile 
"the lesson was a lot of fun, i learned a lot  i'm really excited now  smile  she's worked with a lot of good people    hopefully i'll start to not embarrass myself hahah"
in cour d'alene tonight  idk how to spell it  but that's where we are lol 
"i'm in <propfemale> fourche, south <propfemale> tonight  only a half day of driving left until we're in winner    and then hunting! today we saw really fat, cute, prairie dogs running around  a road killed bear, lots of alive bigggg deer, antelope, coyotes, and a huuuuge herd of elk  lots of game, and tomorrow, pheasants!"
two hours ahead of everyone    hunting isn't open until 12  i'm really bored trying to kill time 
limited out today! good day  smile 
the strippers staying at our motel are weird lol
"hard day of hunting today, waay harder than yesterday  only <propfirst> limited out  my dad and i were both one away from limiting  the other two guys didn't get a single bird    i'm lovin my benelli  smile  my bird <propfirst> are goin way up!"
"last day of hunting, everyone limited out but one guy again  the same guy  now we're in <propfemale> fourche again, headin home!!"
i'm used to 70 and 80 degree weather    not this cold shit in <propmale> lake  sad 
got an iphone 4  smile 
getting tricked in heuterman's class today was embarrassing lol
i love life and frogs
today is not going to be a good day
now that i know that my benelli can kill stuff     i need to get my duck stamps
"going on a trail ride with my daddy today, we are going to northern state!"
birthday dinner tonight  smile 
ugh gotta get to school early on my birthday tomorrow to go weld to keep my grade up   
"thanks for all the happy birthdays everyone! i'm loving the good weather, im excited for the shoot night at the noise lodge  smile  supposed to be a lot of people!"
a very good day  went to the funshoot and i even ended up being in the top three round of pieces    then saw paranormal activity 2 with boomer  smile  thank you for the birthday wishes everyone!! they each made my day
baby got back is such a good song    classic 
this monday is going to be so lame      sad  can't talk to my boyfriend until he gets off work  sad 
some days it's a good day to die  others it's a good day to eat breakfast  isn't that right victorrrrr?
"for looking out our windows and seeing nothing but cultus mountain for the past 17 years, i've never been on it and i really want to go   "
days like today are why i hate school and everyone in it  i just want to graduate already   
getting exhaust done sometime this week    fixing muffler problems and getting rid of all of my cats finally!! finally it'll sound good 
playin in the snow today!!  smile 
t shirt tiiiiiime
getting exhaust done today in a couple of hours!! yay so excited  smile ))
"two cats down, still two to go  oh well she's starting to sound better  get her finished up when it's not so flippin cold!"
<propmale> mountain oysters: the original sack lunch
hauled wood with my horse dragging a sled  but he's scared of it so we had quite the adventure  anyone want to go sledding? my horse will haul us back to the top of the hill! haha
it's warming up  sad  bye bye snow  but happy thanksgiving everyone!
"don't be fallin in love as she's walking away, when your heart won't tell your mind to tell your mouth what it should say "
"having to crawl underneath my truck in the school parking lot to fix it before i go home, classic "
i absolutely hate her    
fourth and goal for the huskies and the cougars pick up the fumble and run with it  yes!!
vegetarian: old indian word for bad <propmale> 
you find out who your friends are   
does the gate still get closed at lunch in the parking lot???
"just got back from lazy a ranch  such a nice arena and barn! <propmale> did good after not riding for a while, slide was bucking though haha  smile "
packing the danger ranger full of people and bags tomorrow for a road trip!  smile 
bye bye sedro!!!!!!
back home
the only thing that stays the same is everything changes
my exact truck at a dealership for 10 grand holy cow    and i bet mine has less <propmale>
i wanna go to the lights of christmas!
"had a great ride! such a pretty day, i wanna go on a drive now!"
had a good night driving over 100 <propmale> to look at christmas lights  smile  haha
"hopefully riding at an arena today    ugh winter break is so boring, can't wait till after christmas "
i want to ride with someone today! anybody want to??
"i miss talking to my man, he needs to hurry up and get a phone!!  sad "
"if i see one more \i think yes\"" on a status i'm going to go crazy  when did that become cool?"""
my mom put my new shirt in her old ipad box  so mean haha
hate herrrrr  smile ))
southbound and down! loaded up and trucking  north bend today!  smile 
at the end of every ride is a gold buckle
two and a half hours of driving later finally home  even if i don't want to be  sad 
perfect day to ride  smile 
"i hate stupid, ditzy people sooo much  and everyone is stupid "
"it ain't the years boy, it's the <propmale> "
"you always think you find out who your friends are, but even the ones who you'd think would be there forever can still replace you "
having a great lesson makes my entire day awesome  smile  <propmale> is doing tons better! i'm excited!  smile )
and even your best friend of five years can replace you and talk shit about you behind your back  hmm  what is a true friend anymore?
lynch won that for us  beast 
"love walking in the snow to feed my baby and break his ice, the doggies come with and love playing  love "
i hate this town and everyone in it
my iphone is smart enough it should teach me pre calculus cause i sure don't get this
"goodbye stranger, it's been nice  hope you find your paradise  tried to see your point of view  hope your dreams will all come true "
screws everythinggg up
who all has second lunch next semester?
<propfemale> palin
"great day! finals are finally over  had a great lesson on <propmale>, he's doing so much better  excited for sunday! now just got done eating a fried egg burger an gonna see my favorite boyfriend later  smile "
"ugh i hate feeling unconfident    sometimes i just need to forget about other people and do my own thing, what i wanna do  and if i'm bad, then at least i tried "
half a year of being together today!  smile 
"had such a great ride, rode my best pattern yet  drove home and it all gets ruined by my bipolar mom  yay  hate her"
"90 mph to the city limit sign, pedal to the metal before they change their minds"
today sucked  my friends suck 
zumba with <propfirst> and kwinn and <propmale> tonight! this should be fun  smile 
everything is going good    got two barrel races next weekend i'm super excited!
"not gonna let things phase me  gonna bring <propmale> to the arena tomorrow, have a great ride, then go to zumba! get both of us in shape, get ready for this weekend "
"ordered my new stereo and everything to hook it up today! got my barrel race tomorrow, then a four day weekend next weekend! this should be a great week!"
i just ran my barrels and boomer was too stupid to know i was running so he just sat there hahahahaha
"power is out, got me lots of candles, a wood fire and makin some dinner  smile "
"rode my horsey, installed my new stereo in my truck, and later tonight going to dinner with my boyfriend  smile  a great day!"
gonna load up the horse trailer get my mind off of stupid people and last night  nothing like a good ride  smile 
"it didn't rain when i was tacking up <propmale>, rained when i was inside the arena, and stopped again when i was untacking! lucky!  smile "
stater blocking my driveway and someone in my ditch lol
i love boomer hyatt  smile 
too school for cool
camping in winthrop with the horses or sedro's first barrel race and gaming show in may    tough decision  sad 
"cause i've took this walk you're walking now boy, i've been in your shoes  you can't hold back the hands of time, it's just something you've got to do "
"i don't talk a lot about other people, i'm loyal to my boyfriend, and i mostly keep to myself  yet people still talk badly about me, i just don't get it "
"first day of spring in 14 days  smile  can't wait to get out of dreary, depressing, winter!"
"had a great, successful day today! and had a great ride to top it all off!  smile "
"my mom wants me to go to west texas a&m, and now i kind of want to because it's right by amarillo  amarillo by morning!  love   smile "
"just got back from granite falls barrel race, we're starting to speed up  now i'm really really tired "
i'm so sore    why do two horses have to act up on the same day?
i kinda want a new truck
"i hate everyone  they say they're one thing, and do another  everyone tries to please everyone else, but there's always going to be one person who disagrees  just stop trying to be something you're not already "
"<propmale> did a good job today, we are tons better than last year haha  now gonna eat corned beef and cabbage for st  <propfirst>'s"
happy first day of spring!
"immaturity at it's finest! then you try to get me in trouble at school, when i wasn't even the one to do anything  hahah  smile "
our field below the highway caught on fire just now  in the middle of march when it's all wet  weird 
i've got some great friends!  smile 
ugh i hate being sick and feeling all lazy  i hope i feel better by tonight!  sad 
so happy i have a boyfriend that takes care of me when i'm sick  smile 
"i want my bit to come in! i wanna ride <propmale> in it    but i'm feeling better, guess i'm going to school tomorrow finally  smile "
