ccb06221f350605d402b405b5933b469
i know your awake <propfemale> wells <propfirst> slocum <propfirst> <propfemale> baker
just made a facebook! kinda excited lol  smile 
just got back from the movies  had fun but im kinda tired  oh well its finally spring break!!!
today is absolutely beautiful
im <propfemale> sore > sad 
oi just stretched and worked out so i can stop being so sore!!!!
oh i slept in till 1pm today
ive been up for less than ten hours!!!!
<propfemale> says on the bottom of forever 21 says <propfirst> 3:16!!!!!!!!!!!!! go forever 21
ive decided im unwritten  no one can tell me wat to do or <propfemale> to do it because i hvnt decided wat i wanna do with my life or how i wanna live it  only i am the writer of my life and story has not even begun yet  i am going to take my time and write my story right 
guess who didnt pass her permit test! lol hey its been a long day oh well lol cant get em all 
is wishing <propfemale> a happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm sorry bs i love u!
sooo done with testing  oh well get three half days out of it smile 
just got home  i went out for lunch today  sooo much fun  laugh   that is until connor tried to eat his burrito  
has just finished her poetry project!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! success!!!!!  laugh 
passed her permit test  (this time) and is waaay excited for the san <propmale> trip!!!!!!!!!!
is <propfemale> happy all her hw is done and can just chill today! oh and thinks its hilarious that pris forgot she had boobs yesterday in wind ensemble! rofl
is crazy tired  glad tomorrow is friday!
is happy its the weekend yet sad that tomorrow is another school day  but extatic that there is only 10 school days left!
is freaking out over her chem finals next week 
i think ima print out a black and white picture and color it!!!! yah sounds like fun to me!!! smile     man i need a life  
just got back from jordy's party it was sooo much fun!!!! happy bday hun!
has decided that if she has to take another chem final she will have to finish it in an insane asylm because she can not handle it emotionally   annoyed 
"hanging with my bs, reconnecting with old friends, almost done with sophmore year, finished a great trilogy overall a beautiful day smile "
<propfemale> n i were talking today n decided after 11 years of friendship we can climb any mountain   xcpt a real one  smile 
well its my bday in 3 days haha
its my birthday in 23 minutes
well its the sweet 16 smile 
ima pull down ur unders  i threw a brick through her window  u think this is funny? so its like day school   no!!! so its like 7 things all at once n its like yah!! im a jelly fish! im pillsberry doe boy! smile  super mega foxy awesome hott!! drunk off sunkist  now*white girl get freaky*
thnx everyone laugh 
have had an amazing summer so far laugh  hopefully itll keep down this path
its not slutty if ur shoulders are covered rite?
woke up in the am  n not just the am but the before 7:15am thts just ewie   
got home from cal city today 
new plans for wednesday!!!!
hugs are like band aids for the soul  they hold you together and wether they actually do anything or not you always feel at least a little bit better  smile 
two years later and ur still gone two years later and i have become a different person two years later and we all still wish you were here two years later and i miss you lots two years later and i still wish i cud talk to you one more time two years later and your beautiful person is still remembered missed and longed for two years later and i stil love you dearly rip <propfirst> park i wil miss you and your family forever
huggin and a kissin dancin and a lovin wearin nxt to nothin cuz its hott as an oven    tin roof rusted!    love shack baby love shack! hop in my chrysler its as big as a whale and its about to set sail!!! love shack is the best! lol
the claw!!!!
lets get funky  laugh            love ya hay
just went through the comments on all my pix  got a lot laughs out of the memoires n comments 
i just counted!!!!!!!!! i have 100 shoes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
feels accomplished! has cleaned her room (a great feat) the kitchen the bathroom and helped out my sister!  and praying my rents will allow me to have friends over tonite
"just got back from eclipse!! the best so far for sure!!it had much better acting skills better makeup for our vampires <propmale>'s southern accent <propfemale>'s 1930s history emmet's smart allack comments <propfemale>'s adorable \fight\"" with <propmale> and of course very yummy werewolves wink  good job guys u did the book pretty well laugh """
shush girl shut ur lips do the <propfemale> keller and talk with ur hips
ohh noo!!!!!  mount saint helens is errupting in my butt!!!!!!    man i love wipeout tht is the true american past time getting decked in the face and landing in mud water paint or foam
just got ms <propfirst> puppy!!!! cutest thing ive ever seen!! n i get to keep him for a whole week!!!!!! <propfirst> <propmale> is adorable laugh 
pantolones!     wait outer pantolones!!!!! love you row happy bday!!!
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy
they say modestys a virtue but in show biz it can hurt u  wink 
<propfemale> i had a black out twice today    fun   not!
bored    yay for a summer at home <propfemale> u cant <propfemale> out with ur friends like ud like to  
just spent forever liking those link things   wow i need a life
90% of the time it works 60% of the time  laugh 
"went to michelles house and we ran victory laps in her pool while singing we are the champions we climbed on her roof twice and watched to pride & predjuice (awesome movie) and what happens in vegas while giving eachother afros with \hair helpers\"" over all a very good night indeed laugh  thnks mishy bear"""
feels horrible
i just did the pee pee dance while chanting i gotta pee i gotta pee then proceeded to run (oddly) across the house screaming i gotta pee!!!! yah im real mature playful 
"if you planted hope today in any hopeless heart, if someone's burden was lighter because you did your part, if you caused a laugh that chased a tear away, if tonight your name is mentioned when someone kneels to pray, then your day was well spent smile "
new fav thing is def improv everywhere!!!
"\true love doesnt have a happy ending   cuz true love never ends\""        i like this a lot smile """
going to vegas tomorrow  phantom of the opera here i come!
is disapointed in facebooks unapproval of cheating  it wont allow me to keep <propfirst> baltau  as my bf n add <propfirst> cowan as my husband sad  oh well i still got <propfemale> sopp  as my daughter  smile 
"nothing lost, simply redefined "
"ah i love all the rain, thunder and lightning smile  this is one case i enjoy the bipolar weather of the av"
tgif does not even cover it
retail therapy gives me 2 new pairs of shoes wich brings the grand total to 60 i believe  smile 
"sooooo much hw since friday   ugh    ap is dumb   oh well college credit right?\well hopefully i get college credit"
"today was great  not gunna lie lunch was definatley akward, between the couple getting it on lady gaga style to being trapped btwn <propmale> brott and rowyn <propfemale> guenther as they tried to kiss several times, to dressing rj in rows flannel, or bieng sandwiched wich evovled into a group hug that almost fell over and lets not forget the random \techno rape\"" an akward lunch but a funny one"""
yay! lol college football has begun smile  hello saturday equals football party! lol our living room is packed! i think its great then <propfemale> asked if going to church tonite the response was of course not! football is on!
a fun night with the bs now time to plan a bday party with my favorite  intense who knew hotel booking was <propfemale> difficult!?
is ahead on ap bio hw  seriously im a little frightened 
in psych watching a boooring documentary  i'm sooo itchy y must i b allergic to my body wash??? i feel so disgusting sad 
funny how we say well cross that bridge when you get there  but often the bridges that change you the most are the ones you didn't realise you crossed until after you have crossed it  
got a 6+ on my first essay in degroff  i will definately take it with out any complaints  laugh 
go big red!!!
found my wallet!!! got to drive to and from cal city and then from tehachapi to cal city smile  stayed under 90 this time not by much   but still improvement (legally anyway)
needs a break from reality  
is sunburned 
football game  laugh 
"in the past week or so i have: literally almost had a heartattack, went to a horse show, gave up caffeine, gave up on giving up caffeine, stressed over a ap bio test, stressed in gerneral, proly failed an ap bio test, went to the homecoming game n laughed a lot went to the exhibition show and now today ive gotten all 91 ap psych vocab words down! wow i think i need a vacation"
needs to learn how to breathe and not stress so much
is starting to get really excited for the silent day!  smile 
tomorrow i will be silent for all of those who never were given a voice  tomorrow i will stand up for the victims of a genocide  and a genocide that continues to grow  tomorrow i will be reduceded to not uttering one word so that people may think twice before the murder another child  tomorrow 4000 hearts will stop beating due to an abortion  abortion is homicide 
the past two days have been very very very happy  smile 
im not gunna lie my life is absolutely beautiful  but i am absolutely crazy for taking ap classes while working at fright fest being in marching band mock trial and a play  oh did i mention i try to keep up with family stuff and have a social life? oh wel like i said my life is beautiful  i havent been this happy in quite  few months
yay!! 4 day weekend laugh !!!!! too bad im so busy i dont truly have a weekend at all
no mock trial practice= i get to see my house before 9 tonight smile 
got my liscence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! first try only missed 3 points woooo whooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
going to see <propmale> potter at the 12 surprise 3 showing with <propfemale> moss tonight!!!!
watching the most biased football game of my life  i would like to kill three refs right now
is confused on what day of the week it is   vacation seems to do that to me   well im just glad that i still have a few days till i gotta go back to my crazy hectic schedule
i would just like to ask <propfirst> <propmale> <propfemale> wells and <propfirst> <propfemale> baker   aphrasha can you handle this? bon quiqua quiqua can you handle this? shundanday can you handle this? <propfirst> dont think you can handle this!
happy turkey day smile 
okay <propfemale> the psych presentation its okay if i go over lik a <propfemale> right? its just if its lik 10 <propfemale> or more that its no beuno
is sick to my stomach   yay school work  
my bibliography is eating me alive!   
rip <propfirst> park
looking for a new phone  any suggestions? ps i have verizon
okay i made things right with my dad got my keys back and have one final tomorrow and its a skit! also found the mysterious vanishing costumes i thought i lost!!! yay!!! today started off as a completely horrible day and ended real real good smile 
fml today will suck so much!
i dont know what to put other than tgif
gotta love how christmas <propfemale> = steak dinner  smile      i love meat! <propfemale> <propfirst>
"a fun filled day beginning with my little sister waking me up early, followed by presents cinammon rolls a trip to cal city for some family time  throw in a lot of food, christmas present innduendos, bathroom gaseous jokes, underwear everywhere and a ton of laughter and thant was my christmas  all thats left to say is <propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night smile "
i think its time for a new profile pic    instead of doing an old one again
trying to learn my lines! ugh  
happy birthday to my mommy  laugh  its snowing and to celebrate the snow and her birthday our family went into the spa in the snow!!!! woo whooo laugh 
okay time to get all the work done so i can enjooy the rest of my break  70 questions for ap bio and a book for degroff  here i come
loves <propfemale> michaelson  thank you <propfirst> <propmale>
"over halfway done with my ap bio homework! too bad i still have 32 questions to answer  annoyed  oh well, at least i have a new droid incredible to post this  smile "
i have completed ap biology home work  praise jesus smile 
"\spring time for hitler and germany\"" gotta love watching the producers @ midnight  smile """
is trying to find an audition song for sound of music audition tomorrow
"day started pretty good then wad absolutely horrible, but ended beautifully smile  gnite world  smile "
feels like friday    but thursday will do
"got called a \beautiful hoochie\"" today gotta love dress rehearsals! jordann skeen"""
my phone reported itself    i lost all my contacts apps everything  txt me your number
"\i just wish we could all get along like in middle school  i wish i could just bake a cake out of rainbows and smileys\"""""
mahan and miller's magnificent morning in the mustang memorizing math and applying mascara!!!  smile 
cleaned my room today! yay  smile  lol now its off to beddy bye time  good night  smile 
first day of shows good times  smile 
"thank you to everyone who helped me out and comforted me, i truly appreciate it  smile  thanks so much"
i just compared whiskey to nyquill     yeah tht totally makes sense
just got home after guys and dolls as miss adelaide smile  thank you so much to everyone who came!!! to some it up tonight was good for the soul!
and the curtain has fallen for the last time 
wishes to sleep
my profile has been overtaken by guys and dolls pic lol
just learned the salsa lol  smile  had so much fun!
1704
"i definately spent like 2 hours just talking to mrs degroff after school today  lol got home at 5, 2 hours spent well i believe smile "
just got home from seeing i am number four with my sister  the movie is good and main character is sexy!
my girls n i be sexy in our stripes  operation prego my ego was successful!! gotta love my girls and our boys smile  love y'all!!
"finally finished with my day after finishing hw, celebatory mock trial dinnet, mock trial competition, celebratory coldstones, sissy's talent show n school!!"
it seems to me that my new hair is a hit!  smile 
thank you to everyone who has complimented me today!! smile 
"is ready for a new day to begin, so good night"
sleep!! good job mock trial! now good night
is going to see beastly with sissy!!!  that man is sexy!
chipotle with the bs!!
has been at mock trial practice for 3 and a half hours and still counting
happy mardi gras!!!!!
just sat on a thumb tack didn't know whether to cry or laugh  
eating breakfast before the sat
"at ballroom competition, go sissy!!!"
officially has wifi smile  yay!
i think people like <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> millar and i are really cool  
just finished all her biology homework!! finally laugh 
ooohhh myy gooooshhhh!!!!!!!!!!! gllleeeee tonight is intense!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"to all the band kids who are in new york: have fun!, don't get in too much trouble but most importantly: make memories laugh  see you guys soon laugh "
i think today was a strange day  our group did a lot of strange things  probably one of the funniest days this year 
good bye school! hello spring break!!!!!!!!
is going retail therapy shopping  laugh 
got a new pair of heels laugh 
is watching veggie tales on the netflix we signed up for today!!!  laugh 
loves netflix
loves male dancers  wink 
"is going to have a fabulous time with the blonde and the brunette laugh  yep, its a blonde brunette and a redhead kind of night!!!! cant wait to see my girls laugh "
just conceived a food baby with my beautiful blonde and brunette at green house  smile 
we be vicious eating that chocolate ice cream!! y'all better watch out!!
should be writting an essay     buuut reallly isn't going to 
to <propfemale> <propfemale>  smile 
a fabulous shopping spree with the fam on a mini vaca in <propfemale> <propfemale>
first s of m practice tomorrow smile 
finshed her homework before sunday night laugh 
"watching this old movie with my rents, its great!!"
\boy: you dont love you the way i love you \,ccb06221f350605d402b405b5933b469,"is going to go finish redecorating her binder, then bake a cake  laugh "
has 2 c's 2 b's and 2 a's     i think it is time to get myself in check    off too do a few hours of homework   wish me luck  annoyed 
vote <propfemale> <propmale> and <propfirst> duitsman for 2011 prom court!!!!!!
"finally baked that cake last night, and let me tell you-- it is yummy!!!"
you know you have spent your half day well when you spent it taking a nap  smile 
"what kind of world do we live in!?!? where a man can take another man's battle ostritch!!!!!!!! ~big bang theory, mr  i mean, dr  <propmale> cooper!  smile "
has officially finished one flew over the cuckoo's nest laugh 
<propfemale> i just want all of the kids i have been researching  they are all <propfemale> cute! how do i pick just one?
    omgosh   i just found out there is a klingon language institute   
l found my kid! oh and kaite shreves i know how you feel   i got kicked off twice  once on my home computer and once on my laptop!
