e6bcffb606ad2afdcc65f8ce83eab64d
i missss my friendsssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!
yay!!!! finally home
nooooooo!!!!!!!!! my dog got sprayed by a skunkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so mad 
yaaaaay!!!!! private pointe (dance) class today!!!!
ugh!!! stupid <propfirst> kemp shoved a cupcake in my face and spilled soda all over me!!!!!! i keep finding crumbs in my hair! ewwwwwww  hahaha
still trying to get pictures on fb  stupid laptop wont import my pictures   
"leaving for iowa nebraska tomorrow  goodbye again, california"
"currently in the pheonix airport  thanks, pheonix, for having free wifi"
goin to see great gramma  she's 97 and can't hear  yaaaaaay
is in iowa!!!!!
"finally home!!!!! i can tell because when i walk outside i dont instantly get bit by 10 mosquitos  also, i dont have all 20 of my family members hugging me at once, which means i am definitely in california     oh, bittersweet     "
goin to rylee's tonight love   smile 
pretty little liars   wow  that was the worst season finale ever  i need to know if <propfemale> died
just went to esthers house  so fun smile 
<propfirst> st  cloud love   love   love 
"<propfemale> milligan + eclipse = best night in awhile!\next:inception! love   smile   smile "
goin to registration smile )
ughhh social studies doesn't fit into my schedule again!!!! why does this keep happening???? and i can't be in <propmale>  crying 
just went to the beach  the water was freeeeeeeezing
sooooo happy i don't have to read mythology!!!! or do the trig packet  hahahaahaha
i can't believe summer's almost over! i'm so not ready for school to start  annoyed 
just got back from a long day in la  went to 2 <propmale> museums love 
yaaaaay!!!! dance tomorrow love 
ugh transferring music onto my new computer is taking forevvvvvverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr        so annoying
"schedule annoyed 1 dance\2 spanish 3 (serrano--haha the guy with the lisp)\3 trig (tinker)\4 health (burnette--yaaaay cross country coach smile )\5 acc english (stress)\6 biology (migge)"
going to anaheim
noooo!!!!! school tomorrow  i like just realized that  i've been in denial   
dance audition tomorrow!!!! kinda nervous annoyed 
yaaay! the audition went so well! i'm a harlequin doll and a random child and a snowflake haahahaha
just got my first c  i'm pretty sure there's something wrong here   
5 hours of dance tomorrow love 
my new profile picture is amazing  i know 
i actually miss bams  well at least i miss all the people from bams  love u guys love 
just got back from homecoming! sorta fun   
woooooooooo!!!!! my brother won a race! of course it was only jv this time but still! he got first place!
made $50 in an hour and a half  i like this job 
"hahahahahahahahahahah my mom found a mistake in the newspaper  there was a caption under a picture that said \hudgens: apoligized for nude photos in 2007\"" but they put it under a picture of <propfemale> cosgrove  hahaha she's gonna be mad"""
"kids with special needs aren't sick, gross or stupid, & their handicap is not contagious  they only want what we all want: to be accepted and loved  can i make a request: is anyone willing to post this and leave itas your status for at least an hour? it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children who were born in a unique and loving way ?"
"yaaay!!!!!! my show went super welll!!!! well the first one was terrible but the second one was amazing  bleu and <propfemale> and <propfemale>, u guys should have been there  oh well  tomorrow better be just as good "
just bought my first piece of <propmale>!!!!! i love it  and we got it for $100! and it was originally $400!
wore the same shirt as my health teacher today  and he's a guy  thats pretty cool 
just did a little ballet in the rain  i  am  soaked 
