499fc195aade62ab83614ce94a11d3dc
i feel hungry for life 
fuck chairs
why does <propfirst> have a small weiner!!
show today at the boardwalk! still time to get tickets! call or text me! 225-4407
my whole body hurts  in the midst of lions was ?????? last night 
moneyyyyyyy you are mine once again  time for destruction   
i broke free from the fallacies  i don't need a savior because i saved myself 
don't you just love randomly waking up in the middle of the night?
sighhhh
es la hora de destrucción para nuevo méxico  ¡lo violamos!
"about to get down in new mexico! fun times tonight, show tomorrow, then a long disappointing drive back to rancho "
mathematical!
"i gots a couple shows coming up, one in vacaville on sunday, and one in roseville on the 25th  hit me up for more info!"
sexual assault rifle  lmao 
from the makers of piranha 3d    shark in the pool 3d!! lol  i am gonna make a preview for that 
the sun never <propfemale> this morning 
lmao me and <propmale> have some epic r&b coming tomorrow 
"the world i've come to know and love is disappearing before my eyes, it's like losing your own life to see one dematerialize "
my cat got hit by a car right in front of me last night 
i am starting to freak out cause we need to sell hella tickets to this show that is in 5 days
hella depressed today  fuck everybody 
wow i just almost died by choking on bacon  at least it would have been tasty death 
"buy a ticket to my show tomorrow, they are only $5 it's in orangevale at club retro, i think it's the last show at that location before they move it to roseville "
i feel sick today my stomach feels like it's dyinggggg
i've made you a friend hat
ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
"hey <propfemale> you're so high, floating the clouds, shooting up the airplanes  don't worry about me, i'll be fine, down here on the ground adding to the airwaves "
i officially give up on humanity 
fuck my fucking life 
it's the darkness you can't see you should be afraid of 
"¿tengo árboles, necesitas? hit me up"
buy a ticket to see the descolada virus at the boardwalk this saturday! $10 each  i really need to sell some cause i haven't sold any 
"kill me, plz&thx kbai"
don't you touch that! if you throw that away i will rape you in the mouth!
oh god damnit someone take me to the mall i've only got 2 days left to sell like 10 tickets for this 
"fuck planet earth, i'm taking the space elevator out of here "
would it be lame if i got a tattoo of my own lyrics?
this november swallows me whole 
"that was actually a pretty fun show, the neighbors had us come over and play right after we finished! haha"
"i am starting a music promoting booking company, does anybody wanna help out with that?"
my back is killing me it's ridiculous
"why the fuck are people posting shit on  my facebook in my house, next time it happens i am punching everyone who was here in the face "
is it everybody's birthday today? what's up with that
ughhh i think i have a kidney infection somehow 
"i'm hella mad, the day after my show at the boardwalk is silverstein "
oh no facebook is starting to pull a myspace
"so i just went on chinese myspace, and it's actually a better version of original myspace  wtf myspace  wtf "
happy crimbas 
i just got a laptop! happy chrimbas facebook 
my laptop already stopped working  wtf 
humanity sickens me for its lackthereof its namesake
i just got accepted to a free computer tech repair class!
"if anybody knows a band that can try to sell 20 tickets in a week and is available to play on the 21st please hit me up, i am trying to fill this spot asap "
why are the people of rancho cordova of lower quality than the water in the ponds of hagan park?
