0bd76645f558aa4e48aa136ec325c7c0
found my phone!!!
ugh im home right now sick  sad 
is watching tv and getting ready for a wedding 
got work then wrestling practice    time to start cuting weight again 
going to the movies 
just got back from seeing old dogs it was a good movie
go cocks
"homework, then wrestling practice, then back to homework"
just got back from an all day wrestling event came in 4th out of 19 guys in my weight class and the team finished 8th
won my match    should have pined him!
won both my matches tonight!
won my match tonight!!! got to be at the school at 6:15 to start cuting wieght for the matches tommrow
just got back from the matches got 5th out of 28 teams
heading to grandparents house for christmas dinner! <propfemale> christmas!!
whatever im done trying!
placed 3rd this weekend pretty excited!
if your wish does not come true then something better was meant for you 
ready for the weekend!
time to start soccer season now!
yo u tube http annoyed  huiinghayrani blogspot com 
first game tommrow ready to kick the season off right
game today we are play stratford 
playing west <propfemale> tonight first region game 
tommrow is going to be fun going to carowinds!
needs a car!!!
ready to be home ready to get everything back to normal!
 sad  everything is hurting right now    
im tired of all the drama i just want it to stop and everything to go back to normal
flag football starts tommrow cant wait!
omg stop!!!!
if you know what you want go for it!
have been sitting in the laundry room for about an hour and 30 mins now so so bored
time for another boring day of phy!
sitting in class about to watch a movie so bored!
how about them cocks!!
watching from g's to gent's for english class haha!
energizer  <propfemale>!!!!!!!  smile 
rock out with your gamecock out!!
english lab boringgg!!!!
had a great thanksgiving with the family and <propfirst> had a lot of fun!  smile 
only 4 more days of school left im so excited!
i have been studying all day i think im finialy ready for my exams!
2 exams down 1 to go!
done with first semester freshman year finialy christman break!!!
heading to a wedding then to mikes b-day dinner!
need a job bad!!!
tired going to bed cant wait to see my wonderful girlfriend tommrow!
<propfemale> christmas!!
i really hope things workout for the best!
tired just got done ballin time to chill!
5 months and i still miss him!  sad 
tired cant sleep have alot on my mind!
got moved in i dont have a roommate yet not sure if i will get one! not in a good mood though!
no school tommrow hell ya!
tired going to bed classes in the morning
 sad 
im going to bed classes in the morning not feeling good!
