213fec156519609fadc25619b5e22146
i am starting to think that i am drowing in my own personal hell  i see all the things around me that i want most in the world and somehow i have no power to obtain them they just slip through my fingers like fine grains of sand
oh god my tooth so a tooth that i had a root canal on so long ago that i forgot that it had been done has decided to try to kill me  i took the antibiotics and 3 perks but my mouth is still hurting like hell  kill me now please!
stupid dentists! i went to get another root canal done on a tooth that already had one done on it like 8 years ago  i was in there for 2 hours and then they told me i have to go to a specialist!!! they didn't get anything done either they just made my mouth numb took exrays and drilled at my teeth for an hour and a half  f@*# dentists! i'll use the pliars next time!!!
"there is nothing like a female that feels the need to snoop through all of your things and reorganize them just after you did, everything i own was finally in order  i get home yesterday from preparing for chaos wars and my entire room is moved around and cleaned  the mother decided she would go through all of my things and reorganize everything  this has happened multiple times "
yay!!! leaving for chaos wars 3 5 hours and counting!!!
yay watching firefly!!!
wow i didn't realize that my status was in a relationship till now??? i feel clueless sometimes   
feeling the need to fall off the face of the earth again   
"writing a paper on \return of the brainless hussies\"" by <propfemale> traister for school """
\my mom said she learned how to swim when someone took her out in \,213fec156519609fadc25619b5e22146,\relationships are hard  it's like a full-time job, and we should \213fec156519609fadc25619b5e22146,\the statistics on sanity are that one out of every four americans \,213fec156519609fadc25619b5e22146,"please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on the death <propfemale> when it was obliterated by the terrorist <propmale> skywalker my wish is that people will understand that the rebel alliance is a band of murdering scum  the empire wants only to bring peace to    the galaxy, but the evil rebel alliance continues to k   ill innocent civilians  93% won't copy paste this"
\now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains, a pretty \213fec156519609fadc25619b5e22146,oh my god!!! my neighbors seem to be having really bad ninja sex!
yay hotpots tomorrow night!!!
"change\ your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to \not see a human face on fb till monday, dec  6th  join the fight \againstchild abuse  copy and paste to your status, and to invite friends\ to dothe same!!!help in the fight against child abuse"
so it seems that in a drunkin stupor i have hide my phone from myself    i really don't know where the hell it is    so if you call me or text me sorry if i don't answer right now i'll get back to you via facebook or i will call you as soon as i find the bloody thing!
so i'm making homemade chicken soup today and as i am cutting up the raw chicken i am getting increasingly more sick  i really felt like i was going to puke  then i started to think of it as human flesh and all of a sudden i was alright and was able to finish the job with no problem    i think there might be something broken in my brain   
oh my god i can't wait to start rebuilding engines this next week!!! for the weekend however strawberry vodka will be great 
wow i'm still drunk   
blech sickies   
oh my god drinking with my lover!!! so much fun!
red bull
god i hate f@#%ing toothaches!!!
have you ever felt like punting someone in the ovaries and then knifing them in the chest thirteen times?
so i guess every time i have had a <propmale> freak out it has been an anxiety attack i had one a couple of days ago and it felt the same way all the others have    sorry to anyone that has had to deal with me for the last couple of weeks  i'm really high strung as it is but add this pressure and i may just knife someone 
god i am bitchy today maybe i should have no contact with the public 
"yay anti love day, singles awareness day, and corporate love day have all become a day i can celebrate with my mate!!! oh my god for the first time in the history of forever i am happy that this day exists    off to make stuff of awesome tastiness!"
u all lose the game!
i wonder: if your eyeball falls out of the socket and is sitting on your cheek would you want to itch it cause it is dry? this is also past the obvious point of you freaking out that it has left the socket in the first place 
"97% of teens (and middle aged women) would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattison? (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a sky scraper,about to jump  if\you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating popcorn screaming \do a flip you sparkly bitch   !\"" then copy and paste this as your comment posting!"""
night is taking to long to go away today!  i think that i might be obsessed with the gym   
"you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well   be a good sport and play along"
geez sick again! kill those damn gnomes!!!
festival of colors!!! sunday!!! going in the morning if anyone else would like to meet up 
yay!!! moving tomorrow so happy!!!
