568f1063e242f2505e4950253a8f2f5b
has been sitting on a couch for a very long time 
had a pretty crazy dream last night   
"there's a city of dilusion, greed its pulse radiates in order to please be wary of the force it exudes just lay back and try to lose"
just got his hair cut    really short
is enjoying gardetto's at <propmale>'s house    sippin on da sizzurp
nothing today really worked out
am i the only one that really doesn't give a shit about <propfirst> <propmale>?
wants to go discin'
"bored    wait, wait!     nope still bored"
"wnana konw smohintg irstenetng? it deos nat mtetar werhe you put the lrtstes, as lnog as they satrt and end wtih the nroaml ltstres, you can siltl raed tehm "
fruity pebbles
"had a crazy, crazy dream last night"
"music is your only friend, dance on fire as it intends, music in your only friend, until the end, until the end   "
in mankato   
goin' to the <propfemale> isle in a bit     wink 
at the apple store    man these computers suck  playful 
"woooo! no work for the rest of the week, good thing im kinda sick, i guess"
is broke as a joke
does it look like july outside? wtf?
vodka + meade = vomit
<propfemale> snaps bitch
"wants some sunshine, just so i can feel it in my skin, warm up my mind  sometimes you gotta give in to win, i love it when it shines  let it shine "
"hot glass contains the mess, my right contains a frozen desk  coming from the other side, i hold a torch that brings the light  the cloud breathes rain and cool air, without it my mind can stare    across the room and to the curb, where this story shares "
you will rue the day you messed with    yvgenny mirminsky 
tea  zen 
"phone doesn't work, what am i gonna do today?"
in the world i see - you are stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of rockefeller center  you'll wear leather clothes that will last you the rest of your life  you'll climb the wrist-thick kudzu vines that wrap the sears tower  and
can't wait two years to leave this town 
finally got himself to start working out again
fiending   
wat
so    tired   
cmon lets get some tacos
eats apples
work    then cruise!
"dude    wait, what?"
"i can't seem to make up my bed, much less my mind  ill just take another puff to my head and press rewind"
i think im doing all right for 15 year old with a wife and baby 
mawfuckin chex mix
powers out    anyone else?
"sitting beside the sun i grip a soft breeze  taking flight into the cool remnant of a dream, i wait "
"mistaken for closeness, it's just a case of mitosis"
had a dream i went to amsterdam    its everything i could imagine it would be
hookah madness
<pink floyd>
likes bread
"<propfemale> nut cheerios, work, get home, blues concert tonight"
wants to buy batman: arkham asylum  cant remember the last time i saw a good superhero game
cheesey poooooooooofffffsssss
goin' <propfemale> git som' gaetor!
ya fuckin' pusscake
fml
orange juice float = enjoyment
"\it was so long ago  sometimes i wonder if it was all just a dream \"" - <propfirst> <propmale> regarding the beatles"""
"university of minnesota scientists discovered the <propfirst> inside of cannabis that creates thc  now they can study the chemical, and hopefully, inhibit or accelerate the tch making process found in the crop "
"spark up my caffeine and nicotine binge, thats pretty much the pattern of how the day begins   "
"playing a show tonight, gonna be rockin' out  don't be surprised when i puke all over my shoes"
hates waking up late
eats trail mix
"<andrew bird, cypress hill, primus> that's what's on my mind "
"everyone gives kashi cereal a bad rab  fuck, i think its pretty good    nice and hearty"
0range joose
is replacing bass strings   
"had a great day  i'll now reflect, over a bowl of soup "
coffee                      
what's a song that we should learn? we need a good cover song 
woooooo goin to da studio dis' weekend
wants to know when the school bon fire is
whammy
has insomnia
"hey baby, do you wanna lay down with me? hey baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? hey baby, do you wanna lay down with me? say baby, say baby!?"
"kato is almost over, time to rejoin the ranks of fuckin' rockford"
"i've got my top hat, cane, pocket full o' miracles  pocket full o' miracles, pocket full o' miracles    dooo doo doooo doo"
"please check out our band's myspace and listen to our music! it is at     myspace com midwestassembly     we are also playing a show at the vault in buffalo on dec  11th, so be there"
the debate of ball kicking ensues   
later whammy  what would be a cool effect for a bass? i'm asking you!
i need to go back to school   
"the official poll: who do you think will win? the mutha-fuckin' vikes  or, the fannypackers"
had a horrible dream that my bass withered away
maybe i'll go walk my dog
haven't been this bored in a while  i'm kinda diggin this
chillin wit mah woman
c'mon let this actually be the car i get   
"<propfemale> consistency, flowing fortress of the unknown  causing the laughter of seven ages, left untouched until prevoked  by the will of the earth this element churns inside my mind, unaware of its home    deep lol"
ww2 in hd  watch it
"steak and eggs and eggs and steak, that's what you should have for breakfast  i got it"
i haaaaaaaaave <propfirst> woods!
"noodle, noodle, noodle"
got some o' them st  <propfirst> infirmary blues   
"social contrast  public dispute  inductive reasoning  society, in it's wisdom and grace, rapes the mind of the weak and oblivious  go to your homes and pray  become the final piece "
 laugh bagsmile:
headbands         
"hmm, onions seem to help with sore throats    my god"
orange cat on my lap
iz drinkin' on dat theraflu!
*additonal generic thanksgiving comment*
rolling stone is such a shitty magazine now  guess who's on the cover? that fucker from twilight     wtf
"we're jammin', jammin', jammin'  i hope you like jammin' too "
can't    sleep   
"tortilla chips,,cheez-its"
i jus' want da papers
sup  b 
chicken sandwich?
bathed gunnar: portrait of a happy dog
ugh
"the worst part of winter: not the cold, not the snow, but the fact that the skin on my hands turns to crusted, <propfemale> glass "
are you fucking kidding me?!
doo doo doo
mankato bound    then coming right back    good 4 hour drive?
jammin was a little strenuous today 
"midwest assembly: this sunday at the vault, buffalo mn  $5 00 at the door  bring a friend, get crunk, do the safety dance "
is dreading the christmas shopping 
"our band midwest assembly is playing at the vault in buffalo tomorrow, and doors open at 7 p m  the steez and mister fister are the bands joining us  tickets are roughly $5-7  please come!!!"
meh
"is very happy to see more people with poke'mon pictures, keep it up "
samurai <propfirst> is on!!!
assassin's creed 2 is da shiiit
last night    whoa 
late start  my alarm clock isn't powerful enough
fml: just borrowed lfd2 from a <propmale>    and last night i get the red ring of death    fuckin great
is knee deep in hookah 
i know what it feels like to breathe underwater  thanks to my mind's eye 
late night pb & j
's bloody nose 
i'm not one to waste a bag of trail mix 
post ice fishing tournament 
is 17 
these eggs are so good!!!
waiting for the pizza we ordered
free coffee?! why thats preposterous!
fuck religion  fuck it hard 
cuuuuureal
"it's not delivery, it's pizza!"
i think i might make some oatmeal  the good shit 
thinks he was just ditched  annoyed 
this new facebook is messing with me
fruit by the fooot!!!
in that place they call    mankato 
home  with soup 
cat  on lap 
ahh a good night's sleep  and its all thanks to the books at my local library
"coffee  sweet, sweet nectar "
just yawned so hard he drooled 
ahh orange juice
<propmale> and the jets! beh-beh-beh <propmale> and the jets! <propmale>! <propmale>! bennnnyyyy aannnd the jeeetttssss
"64-46 was my number! right now, somebody else has that number! neh-nah nah nah nah-nah!!!!!"
"dont go to chatroulette, the addiction!!!"
"oh, uhh hold on    what?"
raisin bran on the side
coffee + mf doom = pretty good afternoon 
spring break showed up kinda late 
"well, sleeping looks a little out of the question   "
is playing the waiting game    
ahhhhh a good sandwhich
ahh good workout today
"oh masterful <propmale>! <propmale> of canines, lord of the sea!"
perspective   
"a?-d?-g?-c?-e?-a?    mmmm, 3 steps "
's six pack is imminent  laugh 
strawberrzzz 
"after my 3rd attempt, this oatmeal is now edible "
late night domino'z
"in da morn', eatin' da crounch     cereal that is "
"gaaahhh  10 hour day of work    oh yeah, money "
hotel room in grand marais  the e playful erience!
spongebob
final night in the marais  time to bust out the 3-2 
hmm i think i get it now    yeah 
corn cheese and broccoli !!!
"carrots: deliciousness wrapped in a convenient, yet stimulating orange decor "
the thermostat was at 57 degrees!!! craziness   
down in the shop-doo-wop-doo-wop  we took a shot-doo-wop-doo-wop  and tooka trip down south    
"2 ice cubes? yeah, that's good "
i love coffee    but i wonder if it feels the same about me 
the night hunger!! i might as well accept that im going to have heartburn when i turn 20 
decaf?! this is an outrage! gawl!
"the news is so fuckin' stupid  quit talking about kick-ass, nobody cares "
"and in the end    the love you take, is equal to the love you make "
we were not founded as a christian nation! deism ftw
need    to do     laundry!
one bad orange  give it one more try   
 coffee 
snow machine? it's called a snowmobile
fitness!
breakfast must never be eaten at breakfast time 
"wants a stoat as a pet  google it, and you'll understand "
playin a show tonight  got a goooood feelin about it
muse  target center  october  look like i don't have to fly to europe 
"lipids assist in the structure, energy storage and control of celluar processes!!! wooo!! insoluable in water!!! woo!"
sleep    anytime now   
"why does yogurt have a weird feminine image? it's a superfood! men, continue eating your yogurt   "
"dark side of the, what? oh, <propfemale>? got it  well, wait, what does the album look like?"
cat just fuckin' dragged a dead baby bird into the living room 
"well, bored  "
"to coffee, or not not to coffee   ?"
eggs   spinach  
really wants to go on a trip  chicago? nashville?
whamola 
is slowly realizing what he wants to do with his life   
werk 
eye boogers
made mah own orange <propmale>
pb and j    on a hotdog bun
"infallible hierarchy percieved only through stained glass  raging hills of liquid dust verify the want for a systematic renewal, a signed contract of life  nations fall without warning, apprehensive to the inevitable "
           
"show this saturday  good time for some sweet, sweet nothing "
"breeze just brought in the smell of our lilacs    ah, nature "
apples  peanut butter  plate 
hmmm maybe ill just go for a walk   
"i've got attention deficet, i've got the bedroom eyes\\i've the storms in my head, i've got my telephone voice\\i've got to make a decision of whether i live or die\\i'd rather just run cuz either way it's one hell of a choice"
mosquito just bit my neck  fuuuuuuuuu-
interesting night    time to shower 
"so, know those jet streams we see everyday in the sky? those white cloud-like streaks left behind by a jet? it's actually aluminum, paper waste, and variations of chemicals  our government uses this as a way to reflect sunlight away from earth  they're called chemtrails, and every year, nearly 100-200 metric tons of aluminum is dumped into the air, and onto the earth, where it is absorbed by plants, animals, and us "
annnnnnnnnnd    ice cream
"after much indecision, i, shall now go to soundset "
soundset? i think so
"ah, quickturn    we meet again "
no work tomorrow     aw yeah
"dinner: blueberry puff pancakes, with a side of hot aunt jemima  followed by a full serving of 4 tombstone pizza slices  and, finally, a chocolate malt "
"midwest assembly is playing the rockford senior grad party tonight, should be a good time  and congratulations to all them senior's, this one's for you "
smuuthie
im a breakfast person
is cooking vegetables  word 
midwest assembly will be in the studio all of this week  a cd is on it's way   
"taste of minnesota '10: atmosphere, p o s , heiruspecs, pepper, 311, and the offspring  gawdamn"
"2! count 'em, 2, cats on my lap!"
time for a walk
"show in lakeville today, apparently at this huge house    oh yeah    with a jacuzzi"
"another day, another day, another day, another day, another day, another day, another day, another day, another day, another day, another day   "
ah some cool people for once
mosquito just bit me on the bottom of my foot  i don't think i've e playful erienced that before 
steak and eggs and eggs and steak!
intense game of super smash bros  22 stock   
sizzurp
there's a slight <propmale> of sleeping in a car tonight 
's cat is on ecstacy 
ahh 12 hour day of work  paint will never defeat thee
my kinda sandwich: toasted bun   mustard   turkey   onions   avocado   fried egg   spinach   butter   toasted bun
"i drink coffee, therefore, i am "
"my ideas of science and religion are going through a curious melding  a sort of, molecular spiritualization  dark matter echos through these church walls  a godlike lifeform will be revealed in the deepest chasm of the cosmos "
gonna go get some all you can eat sushi 
"double complete rainbow, all the way "
"i'm sorry cannabis, it's not you, it's me  i think we need some time apart "
boopmickoop
i might walk the dog after this cereal 
fuckin' great time at valley fair today  get home    what's this?! pizza on the kitchen counter!? glorious 
"ok, people who play guitar: should i get a steel string acoustic, or a nylon classical? i wanna learn a lot of classical style guitar  but, i kinda wanna stick to steel strings  any body have any suggestions for a good acoustic?"
inception    holy  fuck 
"if a person was born deaf, then what language do they think in? and for that matter, if someone is born blind, what do they see in dreams?"
"hidden beach today, got burnt  ~ hidden beach, mn"
last fm is a pretty good website
"one a c-less drive to mankato, comin up!"
is craving beach 
"ren and stimpy was, is, and, forever will be hilarious "
i wanna devise a virus to bring dire straits to your environments  crush your corporations with a mild touch    trash your whole computer system and revert you to papyrus!
"food groups: <propfemale>, doughnuts, pizza combo's, and domino's "
"would you rather    be able to instantly master any instrument you pick up? or, be able to speak every language fluently?"
"start the day with coffee  then, proceed north, where i will find my niche in the trees "
"back home, back to this "
i suck cause i don't want to <propfemale> out with my sister 
fuck yeah 
coffee saturated soul 
"the only way out, is through "
foot doesn't work too well  stubbed my pinky toe to oblivion 
tortilla sunrise
so much pizza last night    but it was worth it 
oes one even make his won thing when ity vomes to te whole im jusgt <propfemale> aperson thing
flies? bites? flies that bite?! not fucking cool 
"consider again the season you called a friend  when it has come and gone, embrace the event of the winter's song  a cool breeze replaces my smile with a grin, as i know that next year i\ll be doing it again """
flcl  i loved that show  cosmic robot fighting? check  interstellar music references? check  bass guitars as weapons? fuck yes 
"and with each foot you fall, the voice in your head starts to sound more and more like yours "
"living on red peppers, cocaine and milk "
"superman had come to town to see who he could rock! he blew away every crew he faced until he reached our block! his speakers were 3 stories tall with woofers made of steel! and when we boys sit outside he said, \wikki wikki wikki  shut up!\"""""
needs to get tickets  for concerts 
got muse tickets
popcorn  get it while it's hot 
found a really nice old discraft yesterday at the plymouth course  forgot to mention it on here 
you can't imagine how much fun we're having 
ice cream sandwich
relaxation  sedation  satisfaction 
annnnnnnd sanitize!
what's on my mind? someone else   
"i remember a lot less of last night than i thought  success  oh yeah, we have a show tonight with mister fister  wash, rinse, repeat "
seein' muse today 
is in the lap of luxury 
"i'm taking this opportunity to say: stop fucking being so depressed on here, people  your not deep, thoughtful or special  your life is fucking fine the way it is  your on your computer, on facebook, so your automatically more fortunate than millions of other people  maybe learn to think ahead, stop problems before they start, and learn that the only reason we wanna help, is because you might just shut up if we do "
imitation cheerios
a carrot 
my mom finally knows of my tattoo  that's the whole family now  success; everyone likes it 
what's with all these girls sticking their tongues out in pictures? what happened to the classic duck-faced myspace whore pics?
"7 days, 2 grouse, 1 duck and 20+ <propmale> of canoeing later    i have concluded the boundary waters as my new home away from home "
my cat is a gladiator 
"if i'm going trick or treating, should i shave? i want to make sure i'm getting <propfemale> "
preheated oven  now    is hour of the pizza 
brain cells devastated 
fuckin' epic sandwich 
"in an effort to re-evaluate my relationship with this day of the week, i foresee a dog walking this afternoon "
soup 
fable 3 ruins lives 
need    tattoos   
coffee and nachos 
woooooooo! i haven't even left the house today and i've had a great one 
"i've got the \my coffee pot is slow as hell\"" blues """
reese's peanut butter cup cheesecake? are you fucking kidding me?
where is this poke'mon pictures memo?
"everything i like is either illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, e playful ensive or impossible "
"cold coffee and classical music  a bitter sting  intoxicating  spreading through my bones  an old friend, to whom we will all return  i am listening to it now  the voice of stars "
waaaaaaaattttttteeerrr
playing the who's got talent competition at the high school later  then    doomtree blowout 
midwest assembly won the adult category's first place award at the 'who's got talent' competition in rockford 
"tread in these black waters, under this crescent sun "
"tickets for midwest assembly at the depot coffee house in hopkins, wed  dec  22nd, are now on sale for only $5  interested? contact me, <propmale> muhich, or <propfirst> miller for a ticket "
"i don't care if you love me or you hate me, just come check out the show, and travel back home safely "
"thanks to everyone who came to see our brief spree of shows  and now, there is only time to book more "
wearing shorts around the house  this sucks 
makin' popcorn  butter procedure 
i'm going to use this opportunity and post an unusually depressing status  this fuckin' sucks  mind and heart are unbalanced  at least i won't resort to religious help 
wants everything in life to smell like coffee beans 
is re-considering his opinion on astrology 
"oh, religious people   "
holy shit    i'm wearing a snuggie 
orange juice    high pulp  deal with it 
sandwich <propmale> 
needs to make a run to cheapo 
digging the moonlight 
real eyes realize real lies 
information  goes down smooth 
i slipped off my shoes and walked into the woods  i felt lost and found with every step i took 
my cat is so messed up this morning 
"i need help people  i'm looking for a song  no clue who the artist is  but, the song itself, is the rapper going through the process of making the song  ring any bells?"
feed the drum 
"this is a great feeling; facebook is really losing its charm  oh, social networking, you're so stupid "
"currently reading \the crossing\""  a solid 450 pages of splendor """
this banana is <propmale> 
i feast on a breakfast fit for zeus 
there is much cat on my lap 
"school 420chan  oh, innernette "
i don't have enough apples 
every moment of authentic play is a blow to hierarchic power 
wild as a turkey 
so    how is this not just like any other day?
<propmale>'s java 
spending the night in coca cola ron diaz soaked pants makes for an uncomfortable morning  happy easter!
just picked up another <propfirst> bird's bowl of fire cd  phenomenal 
so    what's the plan tonight?
herp derp <propfemale> outside derp
today i saw a flower  i had a feeling there would be another; one in the winter time and one in the summer 
