c6999eea3e1fadbf0024939432506641
alone
27 days
25 days! this sux! but hey its better than 26 days right?
i wish she were here  i miss her         
is just so lost!!!!!!
every way i turn i hit a brick wall
what else??????????????
lord hear my prayer
i miss her
-
el jimador--- enough said
where am i supposed t go from here?
i hate doing laundry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????
i dont know what the fuck to do anymore
i guess sometimes u just have to keep fighting till u win   but when is that is the question
"over, done, finished, dead, gone, history so where do we go from here when all we want to do is live again"
cant sleeeeeeeeeeeeep! wish she were here tonight
wish i wasnt here or anywhere
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar eeeeeagglllllleeee!!!!!  yeah baby!!!!!
i will fight i dont know the outcome but i will do whatever i can!!!!!!
less than 24 hours
13 hours
12 hours!
so now the hard part begins! but we have to push through it!
"learn from yesterday, live for today, and pray for a tomorrow "
its amazing how at one point everything can be going so well and then in a split sec your entire life is flipped upside down
lord here my prayer
if you follow god and your heart together the path to happieness will always be infront of you
great day
got a new carthat wont break down in  6 months! or at least its new to me! haha
sick
we're just two lost souls swimmin in a fish bowl year after year       
when you think its done and you wanna ride on     cocaine
darlin wont you ease my worried mind      
sayin im happy when im not         findin roaches in the pot           
the day i  die will be the day i shut my mouth and put down my guitar        
laundry suuuuuuucks
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes it was a great day!!!!!! it always is of coarse!!!!
i hate being sick   i hate being sick   i hate being sick
got the swin flu     uugghh
"if we all threw our problems in a pile and  saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back "
has anyone ever taken the cinnamon challenge?
puppyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!
amazing how people can turn out to be such douche bags
a 40oz to freedom is the only <propmale> i have to feel good even tho i feel bad!
goooooooo saints hahahahahaha first time in 43yrs!!!! who the hell is manning bet he never thought he would be beat by new orleans hahahahaha! who dat ?!?!?!?!?!?!!?
fuck fake people who act one way when one person is around and then completely different when someone else is around
life is fucking beautiful hahahahahaha
"lord take me down to mexico, <propfemale> <propfemale>, baja california    "
"confused      been a long time and now i'm done  justconfused and hurt, but don't no y "
what a great day!!
"sleeeeeeep, maybe  probly not    "
"kirmit rufins, rebirth and  a beer now this is how u relax    "
"i wanna make amends, i wana blow off stress, i wana stoke the fire, maybe just for a while     "
bout to head to auburn   
"everyone needs to watch the mavie food inc  it is awesome and shows you alot abt the real food industry today  we also all need to supprt all of our local growers and meat farms  support all slow foods, our world will never change fo the better if we dont start today!"
"my 6yr old niece just told me my feet smelld like poop, so i said her breath smelld like poop she told me all of my body smelld like poop and then strted crying"
is just sad today
toy story 3 in 3d with my niece woo-hooo
itsnt it kinda messed up that on a phone keypad mom is 666
"beer $9 a 6pack, cigar $4, knowing i don't have to work for 6 more days     priceless"
"life moves pretty fast, if you don't stop and look around once and a while you could miss it "
"just went for a run on the beach  well, more of a jog then walk then jog a little, and walk some more  but it was nice to see all the sandpipers and kingfishers, seagulls, baby horseshoe crabs, tons of blue crabs and baby fishes, little sting rays and even a few flounders"
"truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for"
its finally here!!!! war damn eagle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"love to jam to some counting crows man, good tunes"
"auburn, alabama, wv, ohio,tcu, texas,nebraska, oregon, florida,florida state, wisconsin, vt, arkansas, gt, usc, lsu, utah,south <propfemale>, <propmale>"
i think i was sweating more in this last hour than i did all night at work! oh well we did it and we will get better  war eagle!!!!
"work in four hours and still can't sleep, uuuggghh"
waaaaaarrrr eeeeaaagggllleee!!!!
anyone want a penatly? we've got plenty of them   
aaaaaaahahahahahaha war damn eagle!!!!!!!!!
soooweeee
yes we cam!
i dont like people
ramma jamma yella hamma go to hell alabama
war damn eagle!!
alabama lost this week    big wooop  y'all playd like shit  get over it  it doesn't mean y'all r aa bad team u won 29 strait regular season games  that says something but u lost its ok dobt be such dicks abt it and get over it everyone loses 
here piggy piggy!!
mmm hungry howies pepperoni anfeta on garlic butter crust
war damn eagle! goin to the game! go tigers! lets get them hogs!!!
on the way to auburn! war damn eagle!!!
war damn eagle!!!!!!!!
ok and now time for sleeeeeppp! i hate being sick  sad 
war damn eagle!!! l s boo hoo hoo!!!
war eagle baby!! its great to be and auburn tiger!!!
#3? behind boise state?  wtf? really?!?!?
aaaaahahahahah #1#1#1 war damn eagle!!!
"heavenly father, walk through my home and take away all my worries and any illness watch over and heal my family  in jesus name, amen  if god comes first in your life, thenstop what u r doin and post this to ur status"
"dont let us get sick  dont let us get old  dont let us get stupid alright   just make us be brave, and make us play nice  and let us be together tonight    "
war eagle!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! its my birthday woo!
ow
never take life seriously  nobody gets out alive anyway
war eagle! gonna be an interesting game no matter which way the cam thing goes    get em tigers!
"another one bites the dust! hey hey, another one gone , another one gone  another one bites the dust!"
y has it seemd lately everyone cares so much abt what other people want to know abt them? y does it matter? if its that important why havnt they asked you beore? y hide behind the curtains? if u want to ask someone ask them!!!!!!!!
i got black ops! i got black ops! woo-hoo!
"special needs kids are not sick or gross, they only want what we all want: to be accepted  can i make a request: is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour  it is special education week, and this is in honor of all kids who are made in a unique way"
strait outta compton   
"do not indulge over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression  do not repeat them in the future "
thank you b b  <propmale> for being you
"woman oh woman y ya treat me so mean? u that meanest ol woman that iv ever seen  i guess if u say so, then i havta pack my things and go"
waiting for my ruca
"ah nevermind, not worth it "
"oh and twisted thought that spin round my head\im spinning\oh im spining\how quick the sun can drop away\and now my bitter hands\cradle broken glass\of what was everything\all the pictures had\<propfemale>n washed in black\tatooed everything\all the love gone back\tattooed all i see\all that i am\all ill <propfemale>   "
"thankfull for an amazing family great friends and my dog, all of which r by my side no matter what  for some reason    almost to auburn for some much needed r&r!!"
its game dayyyyy aaahhhhahahahaha war damn eagle  let's get it baby!!!
"boda geta boda geta boda geta ba! ra ra ra sis boom ba! weagle weagle war damn eagle, kickem in the butt big blue!!! hey!"
"come on aburn, relax, adjust, and come back out and win!!! wde!"
war eagle! going to the corner!!
goooood morning vietnam!!!!
"oh well guess i dont have plans now  that sux, i guess ill just sit on my ass and play video games all day now "
da bears 
number one! war damn eagle! we comin baby!
good bye <propfirst> nielsen u funny guy u  u will be missed 
all the children arrre insane    
did you know that if is the middle word in life?
i vote for eddins family and the aunts and cousins to have christmas at mamas house! (u know you hate me right now but i love you!)
<propfirst> heels? r u for real    
"life is like a box of chocolates, you eat it as fast as posible smiling the whole way  then when ur mom finds out what uv done she beats ur ass "
"every person has 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one    to get better  most people won't post this as their status, but my friends will be the ones that do, in honor of someone who died of, or is fighting cancer \\r i p  cayce"
what if tomorrow never comes? what if today is forever done? i need to know right now! where do we go from here? what if everything just disapears?
would so get down on this fb thing but i cant change my profile pic till either auburn loses or wins out  i think i would pick pluto(mickey mouses dog) with a big ass bone in his mouth  represents pure natural instinct for <propfemale>  really going for what you want in life and doing whatever needed to get it
war eagle baby!!!!!! we got this! 60 mintues! let's take it all the way through! getm tigers!
war eagle!!!! we are goin to glendale baby!!!!!
last year my saints did it! this year my tigers are going to do it! 25 years of watching these teams with my family and finally i get to see them both rise to the top and shine like they diserve  this is truly awesome and i am proud i get to see it! war damn eagle  60 more <propfemale>  to a national title! lets go baby!
nap time     love off days
this vevo crap on youtube sux it always makes the videos on my computer choppy! i hate it!
"holidays are tough       wish heaven had a phone    so i could hear your voice again  i thought of you today   but that's nothing new  i thought of you yesterday and days before that too  i think of you in silence and often speak your name  all i have are memories and pictures in a frame       re- post if you have some one in heaven that you miss on earth  mama ez you will always be in my heat and memories,i love you"
"fml y csnt anything just the way i want it too? just one, lord i need some help now please "
"and i just can't keep living this way so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage\i'm standing up, imma face my demonsi'm manning up, imma hold my ground i've had enough, now i'm so fed up time to put my life back together right now it was my decision to get clean,"
"short ribs in the oven smell awesome! jarusalem artichoke potatoe puree, acorn sqush baby turnips, and parsnips! gonna be awesome!! also got a cheese boerd of aged gouda, aged chedder and blue affinee  omg i cant wait!!!"
"we just lost mahlozon to vandy, this sux    bad"
god i cant wait to get out of birmingham!!!!!!
"oh my god its cold, oh my god its cold,oh my god its cold, oh my god its cold"
make it rain trick
still praying aunt <propfemale>! i love you!
"now i remember me and <propfemale> playin duck duck goose, me and my buddies it was just us dudes, oh i remember snow days with so much anticipation stayin up the night before hopin for a cancelation, nightmares when mamd come in the room sayin aint nobody comin for cuz theyd be comin for 2, holidays and spending time with the fam noww its like aint nobody give a damn  oh ima keep on, lookin back on yesterdays "
"vanilla ice cream with caramel? why yes, dont mind if i do "
shiter was full   
who has tickets to the bowl game for sale???
i'm in love with janvier <propfirst> and my auburn friends    but mostly janvier  smile 
good morning everyone! its a beautiful day!
tired 
"ohio state 1-9 against sec in post season play, thanks ark!"
"hope tomorrw is as good as today! probly not, hard to beat   "
didnt sleep at all! this is gonna be fun   
"ok then nevermind, done with that one i guess "
6 days!
is tired of trying to be friends with people
thinks today is gonna be a good day 
"music be my time machine, please take me back to a happier place "
"i got to sleep, i dream of you \we talk, we laugh, we kiss \we run and play \go to movies, the theater, and an opera or ballet \we make love  \we lay together, happy \then i wake up and realize the only truth \im alone "
wwwwwaaaaaaaarrrrrrr eeeeeaaaaagggggglllllllleeeee!!!!!!!!!!
jogging!
"i think my facebook is broken  it keeps adding comments, then deleting them, and its adding other comments like 3 times  boo "
war damn eagle!!!!!! gamn day baby! heeeeeerrrrreeee ducky ducky ducky!  boom! roast duck for dinner baby!
beer pong yaaaaaayyyy!
waaaaaarrrr eeeeeaaaggggglllllleeee!!!!!!!!! let's get it!!!!!!!
"63yrs  now its our year, the yar of the tiger  war damn eagle "
"its so awesome waking up a national champion  war eagle, my head hurts "
"i'm not superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so: copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days    based on chinese fung shui  the one who does not copy will be without money  i can't let that person be me or you! what the heck         it can't hurt    "
ok thatwas enough exercise now time for sleep!
today was a good day
"going to the auburn vs alabama hocky game today!! first hockey game ever, hope its a good one "
da bears
touchdown bears
city island is an awesome movie! everyone should see it!
"ooooooh no, that shut aint happnin <propfemale>!"
"time to go out? nah, well maebe, i dont work till nine  okay but just a little "
ok ill be in auburn next week
"aaaaaaahhhhh head hurt, pain, work, uuuuugggghhhh  ok bonethugs help me wake up wake up"
"ok well more patrying for me for a while  im sick, like really sick  headache throwing up fever sick  no bueno theraflu and sleep for me for a few days"
oh well
"ok im good now, but prayers are going out for some good friends "
goood morning <propfemale>! its a beeeaaaauuutiful day!
"yesterday was amazingly productive, cleand house, payd bills, bathed jimmi, got shopping done, had long hardcore workout  today i woke up and decided to walk about 6 <propmale> around southside with jimmi, bad idea, between the two days i think i have pulled ever muscle in my legs and back  tomorrow is going to suck "
off to work whoop whoop  only 13 hrs to go and ill have a day off! hiking and then superbowl baby yeya  go steelers!
"i'm not in love, but the sex is good     "
come on steelers!!!
 sad 
"ahhh, finaly laundry is done!now i can sleep!"
