368964432358c212eed5408483eff1b8
<propfemale>  and b-roc are my heros
taking the doggies to the park  smile 
what happens when there's nothing to say?
steaks and potatoes for date night  smile 
why do women always have to work 200 times harder than men?
it's my day off!!!! yessss
i missed my doggies!! had sooo much fun in sd this weekend!
"i know this is lame, but i seriously can't figure out how to upload pictures to this stupid thing! i miss myspace!!!! someone help me!!"
i'm going out with my boyfriend while <propfirst>'s out of town!!
i sprained my finger in my sleep! wtf?? it's so swollen i can't even move it!! haha
"ok, yes  i actually gotten bitten by a spider  gross"
i graduate from <propfirst> <propfirst> today!!!!!!!
getting ready to go to night school and finish my hours     so close    
get'er done
today is my last day of schooool!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"trying to work, move and study  ugghhh   "
"five more days of crazy, hectic stress and then i'm done"
leaving to go to la tonight and officially start studying  better late than never!
i passed! i'm so cool!
"halloween, woot woot!!"
i miss <propfirst>  sad 
back from san <propfemale>- so sad the bears lost  sad  i'm bartending from 10pm-2am if 'yall want some cocktails!!! you know where i be 
i'm working at the library lounge this wednesday night from 10pm-2am  come visit me for a drink!!
working at the bar tonight    should be an interesting night considering i have no voice  drunk people aren't good with hand signals 
watching football in my bear snuggie with the hubby  smile 
he's not good at writing to people on facebook 
i'm sick again!! so frustrating  sad 
i'm sewing!!! can't remember the last time i had enough time to do that!!!!
i am soooooo blessed  smile 
"on my way to the gym, then work meeting, then errands, then more gym!"
"ash x-mas party tonight, it's gonna be wild!!"
had a great xmas with the fam but so happy to be back in slo  took mirko on a run and almost died    too many holiday candies! oops
had a great day at work! now i'm ready to relax with my hubby and get ready for the photoshoots tomorrow! i love me some hair!!
"got my butt kicked at the gym, ouch"
i love the rain but my dog doesn't    i think she's starting to get cabin fever 
"workin' it, workin' it"
super bowl!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
getting ready for work and i'm so tired!
my back hurts! i really overdid it at the gym
"it's <propfirst>'s week on facebook  change your profile picture to a picture of you with your significant other and tell us how long you've been together! rhyan and michael: together 3 1 2 years, married for 2 years!!"
countdown 'till we get to see our spiritual advisor from the church of spiritual humanism com!!! hope you're ready for us satish!!
happy birthday to <propfirst> and luca today!!! two of my favorite boys in the whole wide world!
"just talked to my bestie on the phone, i miss you <propfirst>  sad  why does everyone have to grow up?"
getting a pedi after spending 5 hours working in the yard today  smile 
i have been up and moving around the house for about 2 hours but my dog is still asleep in the bedroom! she is so spoiled 
"on my way to the monterey bay aquarium with <propfemale>, <propmale> and <propfirst>!"
"\the greatest mistake you can make in life is continually to be fearing you will make one \"" -<propmale> hubbard"""
i'm going to treat myself to lunch and read my book  smile 
i'm sooo tired of my knee hurting  sad  i just want it to work again!
line dancing for date night! yee-haw!
"i love my job, my hubby and my dog  go me!"
i need to eat 
"\it's hard to soar like an eagle when you're flying with turkeys \"""""
i love <propfirst>
i wish i could be around nice people all day
i'm so excited to see my mommy pants today! she's so little and funny!!
feeling slugish   
"what a whirl wind of a weekend! got to see mom, worked two weddings and went to the symphony, which was beautiful!"
loyota or <propmale>? here we go 
"on my way back to slo  my dads surgery went well, thank you for all the thoughts and prayers!"
had so much fun tonight! love you <propmale> and <propfirst>!
"ah, i feel like crap! why did i not take care of myself when i knew i was getting sick?? dumb "
"if you have a wonderful man that loves youunconditionally, that works hard to take care of you, would do anythingfor you, that makes you laugh, that's your best friend, who you want togrow old with, who is your world & someone that you're thankful forevery night, then post this as your status,because great men are    few& far between!!!"
what should i name my new bike?? any suggestions?
"on our way to big sur for some camping, townsend style!"
"still trying to get over this lingering cold  i miss the gym  sad  but, i rode my super sweet bike to work for the first time yesterday and it was awesome!!"
really sad i can't go see mgmt on friday  sad 
it's official: my bike is named <propfemale> cruiser  thanks <propfemale>!
so excited for bedtime 
tenli has entered the building!
"great day! breakfast with my parents  bought a <propfemale> for <propfemale>  beach for a few hours with <propfirst>, <propmale> and mirko  then drinks, instruments and many laughs at <propfirst>'s house!"
"i wish i could not wear my heart on my sleeve, its so annoying"
had such a better day today  love you grace!!
pray for <propfirst>'s mom  she's having a really hard time right now 
on my way to paso for some wine tasting and lounging by the pool!
"gym, laundry, beach, salon class, dinner with friends!"
apparently i'm going to hawaii in september and <propfemale> <propfemale> in november  traveling is my favorite and i can't wait to see my brother and his crazy submarine!
so upset we're missing chucks fight tomorrow night! mirko is fighting too!!! darrrrn ittttt!!!!
on our way to monterey for <propfirst> and robins wedding!
"soooo excited for world cup  usa plays again on the 18th, woo woo!!!!"
pretty crazy: switzerland just beat spain  usa plays slovenia at 7am on friday  who wants to watch it with me???
"went to a cooking class at meridian vineyards last night with <propfemale> and <propfirst>, so much fun! we got to sit there and sip wine as the sun set and two cooks catering taught us a few things  perfect evening!"
diggity-boom stack
go usa!!!!
my co-workers are crazy!
what is up with this gloomy weather? this is california in june!
"ok, why isn't <propfemale> <propfirst>'s california girls music video set in california? what does <propfemale> land have to do with anything?"
i officially used the movie clueless as a reference tonight 
"you're so vein, you probably think this post is about you    about you   "
"my project for tomorrow: de-clutter my house  how fantastic does that sound?! i think only <propfemale> would find that fun, ha ha!!"
omg! i love so you think you can dance! who's with me?!
the party is about the begin!!
eating for the first time today at 1:50 pm is not the best idea i've ever had    i get so distracted!
happy birthday <propfemale>!!
"ate outside in our make-shift garden, so lovely!"
you're not much if you're not dutch! yay for the netherlands!!!!
help! can anyone help me switch my domain name to a different host? it is really confusing!
i have my holland shirt all washed and ready to represent for tomorrow!!!!!!
ladies night tonight with my lovelies!
san <propmale> here we come!!
"what a crazy weekend, ha ha  always a funny time with our sd peeps!!"
why can i never remember what day it is?
busy day at the salon today!
cleaning my little house today! dinner date with my lover later  smile 
"just attempted to cook a pork tenderloin and totally undercooked it; yucky surprise  don't trust those digital timers, they lie "
i hate doing errands!
yay for prop 8!
"working a wedding in shell beach today and then watching the fights tonight!! <propmale>, please don't act like a d-bag, you're too good for that"
"itis military tradition that true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  these friends pickup just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live  repost this if you are lucky enough to haveat least one friend like this  i love my military friends!!"
check out the pics from my latest photoshoot! they are awesome! you can find them on facebook at: rhyan townsend   hair & make up artist
"fun weekend of weddings, a bridal shower for miss <propfemale> and a visit from mommy pants herself  now: excited to watch madmen with babe and babe number two!"
having trouble getting started today!
totally drunk with my girls right now  loving life!
"still recovering from ladies night, ouch!"
beautiful day in slo &hearts;
"so much to do, so little time"
"such a fun busy week! assisting the very talented mrs  sunnie <propfemale> tomorrow and then going camping at one of my favorite places on earth (coyote lake) with some of my favorite people on earth (mommy pants, daddy man, luca and grace!)"
what a weekend! no <propfemale> camping in my universe 
nice and cool this am
"great day: took myself to lunch, got a pedi, did a great make up trial, went to dinner and drinks with my cousins, and now cuddeling with my doggy"
got so much done this weekend but now i'm exhausted!
just landed in hawaii!!
toured my brothers submarine today  it is incredible how these guys live to protect our country  i may not have believed it if i didn't see it for myself! now off for poolside cocktails and a nighttime swim! aloha!
went diving today after mom and dad left for the airport  so much fun! now getting ready at our hostel and off to the beach for the premiere of the new hawaii 5-0 show with a bunch of sailors    should be interesting!
"went scuba diving today and saw a bunch of turtles, a barracuda and lots of pretty fish  smile "
"goodbye hawaii, hello reality"
"worked a beautiful wedding this morning at the cliffs in shell beach  now we r at the fights, go <propfirst>!"
new obsession: cigarette pants
it's 100f here and we have no air conditioning!
"and just like that, it's fall   "
bears game last night    sooo disappointing  boo 
attempted to make sushi last night    tasted yummy but looked ugly  we just ate with our eyes closed 
i wish it was raining
excited for the bluebird salon photoshoot tomorrow with the beautiful <propfemale> pults and <propfirst> landman  smile 
"good wine, good friends, good hair    so happy"
"watch out slo! i'm going out with my twin tonight, mrs  sturgis and mrs  townsend will be in full force!"
on my way to <propfemale> for a girls weekend! oh la la!
"should be at the gym  thinking about how clueless men are instead, i wonder how they get through the day sometimes"
off to the salon for some fall makeover magic!
my world is pink  smile 
today: gym + cleaning + volunteering + date night =  love 
fun weekend with satish and the beautiful sany; so nice to see people in love
working my toosh of this week! good thing i love me job otherwise i might be super grumpy 
"there's something great about friday, even when you have to work on saturday"
"<propfemale> coffee, biscuits + gravy, football: happy halloween!"
who punched me in the neck while i was sleeping?? ouchie 
can anyone recommend a good optometrist in slo? i can not find one that i like!
craft day with gracie-poo!
how can you not love <propfemale> degeneres? that lady cracks my ass off!
off to san <propfemale> today for a weekend get away with my hunny <propfemale>!
pepper!!! who's jealous?
catch up day!
this nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave   ~elmer <propmale>
off to lunch with the lentell girls!
chicago bears tonight!!!
early thanksgiving dinner with daddy man and mommy pants
out for gracie-pops birthday tonight! love my friends!
off to vegas tomorrow for thanksgiving!
going to hoover dam    daaaaammmmnnn!
"so much fun today, beatles love show and a hysterical hypnotist show! lots of laughs!"
"happy to be back in slo! had a great week in vegas, now i need to sleep"
i am so proud of you bears!! great game!!!
always a good time when the person in front of you in your cardio class has horrible gas the entire time  it's hard 2 not inhale deeply when ur heart is @180bpm
working all day at the salon  come say hello!
have a hot date today with miss feikert(!) and our sewing machines 
can anyone recommend a good chiropractor in slo?
apparently chiropractors are not a one time fix  my neck is still killing me! can anyone suggest a good magician?
"change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday, december 6th, there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories "
having my favorite dessert: whiskey 
date night  meow 
"fun weekend planned: <propmale> dahlkamp-in-law, gsp and his <propfemale> shorts, and da bears!"
yay gsp!!! amazing champion!
beautiful day in slo  smile  looking forward to spending it with some beautiful bluebirds!
i'm almost caught up with myself! only two more rooms + garage + business files to reorganize    spring cleaning came early
taking my bad self to breakfast
"if you feel like giving me a lifetime of devotion, i'll second that emotion  smile "
run  massage with the fox  lunch  volunteer  date night  i love today 
my friend is looking to move back to the central coast and needs a big girl job! any suggestions on who's hiring? she has a degree in journalism and is interested in pr advertising journalism sales etc   smile 
da bears!
working all day at bluebird salon    who needs their hair did?!
i have a feeling i'm about to get my butt kicked   
i hurt    everywhere     thank you <propfemale> and <propfemale>
"got eyelash extensions the other day    they're fantastic! no need for mascara or my eyelash curler  <propfemale> @ the hair lounge in <propfemale> <propfirst>    worth the drive, trust me  i'm trustworthy "
everyone think happy bears thoughts today!!!! superbowl: here we come!!
off to the long beach hair show with the lovely <propfemale>! it's going to be a fun hair-filled weekend!!!
work hard  play hard 
"ok chrystler, awesome commercial"
looking for a good fight tonight <propmale> <propfemale>! where's everyone watching the fights at tonight?
chocolate covered bacon for breakfast? probably not a good idea   
so many things i want to accomplish today in a relaxing fashion    let's see how that works out
had a wonderful valentines day with my hunny last night  now back to work  hope everyone enjoys the rest of their week 
had a great workout this morning  feeling energized for salon make overs today  smile 
"hanging out with mr  townsend tonight, oh la la"
"we r vodka tasting right now    damn you \drinking made easy\"""""
off the the gym    so hard to get there some mornings    hope i don't get lost on the way there
3 years ago today i married my best friend  i feel so lucky to have to have so much love in my life  smile 
it's going to be a great day today! @ bluebird all day long  smile 
so exhausted!
"ran 3 <propmale>, cleaned the house, feeling productive!"
fun weekend of baby goodness  can't wait for my nephew coopbob to get here    any day!!! so excited to be an auntie!
apparently its fat tuesday    funny how quickly you get out of the loop when you don't work in a bar anymore!
i heart thursday
wearing my new favorite dress from rising <propfemale> vintage!
so much fun at the dare to wear green fundraiser! good job <propfirst>!
can anyone suggest a yummy new place to eat lunch downtown?
"i need to stop stalking people on facebook and get back to work!! y'all are just so interesting, it's distracting "
"woke up feeling no bueno, can barely swallow water  i hate being sick  sad "
i hate that you can't just do everything perfectly all the time  why not?
i heart rainy days
"i forgot about the swap meet again! darn it, i will get there one day   "
i actually really like mondays    it's like a new beginning every week!
gcw= gym+cleaning+work  (not as cool )
"tomorrow is <propfirst>'s bday, everyone remember to send happy thoughts! i got him so many presents, birthdays are so fun!!!"
"painted my dining room last night    the color is called \turquoise bay\"" but what it should be called is \""my dining room looks like the inside of <propfemale>'s and that is awesome \"""""
