76113b5f968f7a493872a73a4944cef2
"after the storm passed, <propmale> and i saw a rainbow--what a nice way to end one year and have the promise for the next "
garage sale the weekend of agape fest is a wet mess!  pray for us 
spent the morning with <propmale> <propmale>   god is good   but having co-laborers and friends walking along the way is a joy in our journey of faith 
"today, is almost tomorrow   and so far it can't come soon enough   i think someone wisely wrote once, \momma said there'd be days like this \""  and you know mama was right!"""
"going to emmaus tonight--well, i guess one never is supposed to get to emmaus "
"amazed at the 1300 kids, parents and grandparents that came out for the trunk-r-treat on second street   even more amazed by the work and energy of the greenville 1st umc volunteers!  thank god for their energy and efforts!"
"i got to vote with my three year old--i think he liked the sticker the best   but it is great to live in a country where we get to help direct the direction of the country--even if it only a small part of the whole   i believe that lesson will stick longer than the paper \i voted\"" sticker did """
"christmas might be the \most wonderful time of the year\""--but it certainly is the busiest!"""
"so i got to slow dance with my two year old daughter   she loves to dance, and it was a sweet moment    except for the fact that our music was provided by <propfemale> watching \bridges of <propfemale> co \"""""
"hey i just realized that the picture of my spouse makes it look like i am married to the mops mini-mall   boy, she is hot!"
i am a happy boy with monsters--on the midway that is   go bears!
"snow day means a lot of different things   for me right now--it just means a slow connection to the digital world   too many logged on, god bless them everyone "
"as a bears fan, i have taken a guilty pleasure in hearing <propmale> talk about the greenbay hackers--i don't think i'll correct him any time soon "
so preparing for power failures makes a parent think differently--it's not just about what movie--it is all about getting as many entertainment devices charged and ready   i hope it doesn't come to that--but at least we are charged and ready!
"so i think i have developed a new cuss word, \vistaaaah!\""  i think with the right inflection and tone--it has a <propmale> of catching on!"""
i love fat tuesday!  there is just something wonderful about the day and the person having so much on common   don't forget that lent starts tomorrow!
"\should you wash the dishes or take the dog for a walk?\""--unbinding the gospel"""
does anyone else think it is ironic to begin and end lent in darkness?  getting up at 4 am for ash wednesday and about the same for easter sunrise 
"hey, this is a first for me   my first facebook birthday--thanks to all who have written notes of thoughts and best wishes   it's better than cards!  not that i want to make hallmark mad--cause i don't   thanks so much!"
