9ccb636838b02199ec90b9f3709bae3b
good grief       the life and times of rileigh    hey i should write a book              
almost ready to go on vacation
i dont feel very well and i think the world is going down the crapper  i love my friends and family and thats the shining point in the world
aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
babies shouldnt bite!!!!!!!
so ready to turn over a new leaf         so excited!!!!!!
thinkin about selling my son           just kidding      pretty sure thats illegal     sunburns          ouch
feels like butt today         dizzy and have a headache         blah
does not want to clean her house alone!!!  sad 
anyone want to donate to the <propfemale> is financially screwed fund?
i think that things just might turn around for me     we will see  thanks to those who wished me a happy birthday  you are what made it special 
i just realized that my dad is an effing hypocrite  gah!!!!! so sick of the drama
why do i try? you know what? fuck it
"i am ok now      had a long day yesterday  most of it was good, but ooooooooooo aj pissed me off     trying to get over it  i am ok  no worries guys  thanks  i love you"
dumb girls yup dumb girls
"had a stressful day, and its not over yet  off to great falls tomorrow "
"things are moving forward, spinning out of control  i have so much to do in the near future, but i am excited  i think everything just might be ok  a little faith goes a long way  thank you to those who have been here to support me and lift me up when i n"
yay me
thinks that some decisions should never have to be made 
ugh and oi vay
"last night was amazing  there is alot that can be said for awesome company, good drinks, and crazy police men!!!! i live for nights like that "
i like pie
chillen with the wife  life is pretty good these day  mmmmmmm a fishbowl sounds good about now 
i know what i want     now how to get it         hmmmmm
sometimes things just happen and we all have to learn from it  sometimes things happen and you have to figure out how to fix it 
missing someone very much       can't wait to hear from her bestie!
i love my aunt theresa       she is such a goon!
"i miss you when something really good happens, because you are the one i want to share it with  i miss you when something is troubling me, because you are the one who understands me so well  i miss you when i laugh and cry because i know that you are the one that makes my laughter grow and my tears disappear  i miss you all the time, but i miss you most when i lay awake at night "
never take anyone for granted  hold every person close to your heart because you might wake up one day and realize you've lost a <propfemale> while you were too busy collecting stones 
"i get the best feeling in the world when you say hi to me, or even smile, because i know even if just for a second, i crossed your mind"
it's amazing how one little conversation can change things forever 
"             and when you looked into my eyes, for a moment i knew what it would be like to be yours "
dudes! i got a <propfemale>!
mint ice cream+homework+new laptop=one happy mama!!!! go me!!!!! i need a kiss!
can't wait to go home and pack for florida  sooooo excited 
"and when she closes her eyes, what do you think she sees? do you know her as well as you think?"
"i am so excited about my florida vacation  a little sad about leaving people here, but still excited  i will be connected while i am in florida, so let me know if and when you are thinking of me "
"there is little, to nothing, that i wont do for someone i love "
vacations are supposed to be relaxing      i guess i went with the wrong people      sad 
today was a little better      i have learned to ignore ppl that irratate me   smile  i met my cousin today  she is amazing and i cant wait to continue to get to know her 
going to disney world tomorrow  i am excited  i just hope the kids have fun 
"if i didnt have so many wonderful people in montana, i dont think i would ever go back  i love it here  its so green and alive  i dig it "
i still miss home      and my peoples       but we are going to animal kingdom tomorrow  magic kingdom is the most amazing thing ever!!!
going to the beach tomorrow  that should be fun  then shit tons of homework  go me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
"time in florida is running out     as much as i miss some people, i dont want to go back to mt  hey! you people that i miss should come here  daytona beach is effing amazing!!!!!!"
my stepfather is dead  i don't know what to do          
                                                                       sigh
"some people do things, and you never get the <propmale> to ask them why  i just wish i understood "
people shouldnt commit suicide  it's effing dumb  ugh life sucks
clam chowder                    who woulda thought it was a great comfort food?
"i am in drama falls, dealing with      you guess it, drama  i can't believe my stepfather killed himself "
"when life hands you lemons, stockpile them to throw at stupid people "
well                        ummm            huh          
"life goes on, with or without us  so time to pick myself up and get back to my life "
we're goin out tonight          i'm feelin alright      
nothing like a great night with awesome people   laugh 
"sometimes you think something is going to work out and it doesn't  when that happens to me, i just plan better for next time  if you want something bad enough, it will eventually come your way  i'm just waiting now     "
i love you  that's all  there is nothing else to say  wanna fight about it?
"i'm going to bed  the last 4 hours have sucked for the most part  without you wifey, i would probably go nuts  i love you"
"every time i close my eyes, i thank the lord that i found you    "
"if i had a dollar for everytime you cross my mind, i would be a millionaire in a day tops "
is super relaxed today  smiles arent hard to find  thank god for great friends 
some things never change    
"everyone thinks so much about other people's lives because they cannot handle thinking about their own lives  i find that mildly amusing  i just wish my life would not be a focus for these ppl  oh well, i have nothing to hide from you "
"i thought of you today, and it was the best decision i could have made "
last night was tons of fun  here's to learning new things and getting a new perspective 
"i think that everything happens for a reason  i dont know what makes me think that when really messed up stuff happens, but i do  oh by the way, i love you                   no <propfirst> not you"
the best dreams are the ones you never have to wake up from  you are my grandest dream                                        not you <propfirst>
"arrrrrggggghhhh  how am i supposed to do homework with no internet at home? go to hastings you say? oh ok  now how am i supposed to manage all that and two kids alone? oh yeah, i'm not "
i need a vacation from my children and my husband      ugh
"i love the way that no matter how sad or down i feel, with a word from you, i can smile again                                   still not you <propfirst>"
"so, if i give youmy heart, will it be your latest toy, or will you treasure it and keep it forever? i want you to have it regardless, i just wanna know if it will hurt later   wink "
has discovered that <propfemale> spears has a song for everything
is super sick atm  h1n1 sucks      i need someone to take care of me     any takers?
soooo sick of being sick  getting better but not fast enough  want it  need it  going bananas 
i have some of the greatest friends in the world  i love you 
"so this one time           at ummmmmm                 wait, i didnt go to band camp  i was in the orchestra "
ladies and gentlemen       good night from your friendly neighborhood      me
my thoughts and prayers are with those ppl that are brave enough to do the things that others wont 
"i need something, and i think you have it       gimme!!!!!"
"guess what, times are changing and so am i  time to grow up and get my head on straight  for now, you are kicked out of my head "
damn people for not telling the real story
if you wanna know         ask 
"why do ppl judge others when they dont know what they are talking about  hey! i know, someone tell me a quarter of a story so i can make judgements on it                    grrrrrr @ ignorance!!!!!!!!!!!"
i know i will be alright  i just need some time  will you hold me up while i try to find my way?
i love my family and friends  they are my life's blood  anything you ever need     just ask  and yes <propfirst> that one applies to you too  lol
i need to sleep                     
"i am working on my homework, and thinking about all the things that have happened this year  i cant wait for this year to be over "
i just got bitch-slapped by an effin peanut butter cup!
"i cant seem to stop thinking long enough to get anything done        too many questions, not enough answers"
"if you think running away will help me stop loving you, you are dead wrong  i love you today, tomorrow, now and forever "
i miss you  i miss talking to you  i miss you  i miss my friend 
thinking about the irony in life  good thing i know that everything happens for a reason!!!!!!!!
i dont know what i am doing  i really feel like i am on a merry-go-round that just wont stop 
i wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges 
when all else fails                       fake it!  laugh 
"is upset that some ppl dont answer their phones  today sucks, and i dont see tomorrow as being much better  bah humbug ish"
"there is a light at the end of the tunnel, but the tunnel seems to keep extending itself"
"i would sooooo run away with <propmale> black                oh yeah, gotta love me some werewolves  vampires are great too  sigh"
i love the twilight saga and everything about it  its a truly bright point in my life 
i love it!!!!
"i think some crazy things are goin on in the world today             i must say, i love it "
i hope my real friends know how much i love you  to my fake friends                   how sad 
i love christmas music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
goodnight world
"my new year's resolution is to get my happy on! i'm gonna let my colors burn this year  everyone can get on board and support my happiness, or get out  yup! that's the plan "
i love all of my friends and family  i am so blessed  you all make this world a better place and i appreciate all of you  thank you for bringing joy to my life 
<propfemale> turns 1 on the 22nd  there will be a party at my house  let me know if you can want to attend  i will get you the specifics 
what i want and what i need are often two very different things           so i have learned to juggle   
wet and hard
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments "
"and the saints win it!!!! i wanted the colts to win, but i think no needs the morale boost  not my teams, so                it's all whatever "
trying to remember that everything happens for a reason 
i am very tired today            i feel sick again            this is no fun 
got glasses today          it's amazing that i can see now
wishes that you could pick your own family  i cannot handle all this crap  makes me want to move and leave no forwarding address  i moved 90 <propmale> away! you'd think that would keep me out of it!!!!!! grrrrrrr!
the most beautiful thing in the world is a happy girl 
have you ever wanted to kick yourself in the face?
believe in yourself and all that you are  know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle  be happy for this moment  this moment is your life 
the decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story  it changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender; because this kiss already has within it that surrender  ~emil ludwig
http annoyed  www facebook com pages my-sister-said-if-i-get-one-million-fans-she-will-name-her-baby-megatron 333067975442?ref=nf
"click \like\"" if i have ever made you smile in your life (wether good or bad) then set this as your status and see how many people you've made smile!  smile """
if u r brave    copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: lovely  6: helpful   7: moody   8: dumb   9: kind   10: naughty   11: innocent   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: emo  17: cute   18: over smart
"to do list: light some smelly candles, fill the bathtub with bubbly water, and take her book into the tub and have some mommy time  yep, sounds good "
"do i look like i want to clean up after everyone? if so, look again  yeah, see that? that's my pissed off face "
my daughter loves <propfirst> bieber!!!!!!!!!! how cute  she watches his videos and claps and smiles 
has an extra kid tonight   laugh  i am so excited  i love them so much!!!!!
really hates it when she looks forward to something for like half a year and then finds out that it isnt gonna happen  pretty lame dudes 
"so many people say that they love me, yet so few show it  i know whether or not you love me, dont say it if you dont mean it "
thinks its soooooooo hard to be the only sane one in my family  i feel so helpless 
"is getting ready to go out with miss <propfemale> for her birthday  i'm oober excited         i mean, seriously, it's about time  lol"
all i can say is wow           drunk people 
the short second life of <propfemale> tanner             want it need it  omg omg omg
hates april first
tell me something i dont know
yay!!!!!!!!11 i  have the greatest friends in the world!!!!!!!!!!!
happy easter!!! love you all!
has some truly amazing people in her life  i am so thankful for my friends and family 
love your life  its the only one you get 
is sooooooo happy!!!!!!!!
chicken in a biskit     makes me happy  boxes should be bigger 
"i am going to regret this: i will be completely honest for the next 24 hours  u can ask me one question (only in my inbox)    any question    no matter how crazy, sinister, or wrong it is, i will answer no matter what   you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as ur status and see what questions you get asked!!   go for it   "
wonders if anyone else has ever wished that someone had a facebook <propfemale> just so you could send them subliminal messages via status updates       
"i hate her, and i'm not so sure how i feel about you "
this just in     apparently being drunk is an exceptable reason for some stupid bitches to turn my world upside down and destroy my life  i hate you  i sincerely hope <propfemale> shows you my pain someday 
never thought i'd be too angry to be on facebook but i am 
im going to bed before something else goes wrong
is at the er with her baby girl       please let her be ok    
please pray for my <propfemale>
still no idea what's wrong with my little girl      all i can do is pray
"verdict is in: <propfemale> has a severe uti and that's what has had her sooooo sick  antibiotics have been started, now we just wait "
<propfemale> is out of the hospital as of yesterday
"feeling a little lost today  don't know which way is up  that's ok, i'll just find down and go the other way "
"\to live will be an awfully big adventure \""-peter pan: hook """
"is awake way before i  want to be, and feel like crap  thinking about all the good people in my life and wants to let everyone know that i am blessed to have you all and i love you very much  the great thing about having your life fall apart is that you really have to look at all the pieces to put it back together and i am amazed at what i am finding "
"dear 7 smile 0 am, i do not know what allure you hold for my daughter, but could you please try not to be so appealing to her? i'm sure you are great and wonderful but my friend sleep is the jealous type and likes to hold me in it's arms till much later  please resolve this issue in a timely matter  thank you!"
is feeling frustrated
is going to school with her son today! hooray
has seperation anxiety
"lmao  people can be soooo stupid  why do they want to cause arguments with other people for me? i can do that all by myself, if i so choose, thank you very much  awesome, folks, just awesome "
"i'm going out tonight, i'm feeling alright       lol tgif"
phone is acting up  keyboard on it is unresponsive  crap
phone is broken       hopefully can get it fixed tomorrow
"'s hair is all one color for the first time in a very long time  it's kinda weird, and not gonna lie, kinda boring       highlights are being considered "
"skype        like being there, only more depressing"
"ok ladies and gents         my blackberry is down till at least wednesday  i am sad, but i will survive  facebook is the best way to reach me till then "
gah!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate being by myself
"today is shaping up to be one of those days     you know, the ones that make you wish violence upon people      god <propmale> me strength for this one    "
finally has her phone again!!!!! yay me!
lonely  the new normal 
"happy mother's day to all the amazing moms in my life  i hope everyone, mom or otherwise, has an beautiful day!!!! love you all"
broke my foot! ouch
hates this  everything hurts and i'm useless
really hates when ppl say one thing and do something else  i'm so hurt and angry
this just in: i don't need surgery but i did get an awesome pink cast
hot pink cast + garbage bag and packing tape = nice hot shower  laugh 
is dreaming
sick of being broken already!!!!
i actually want to clean my house        gah i hate this
"*sigh* yup, captain toolshed appeared in my house      "
today is off to a not-so-great start but i still have hope!
"\i promise you won't ever see me cry \"" ~shakira"""
"thinks i am a figment of ppl's imagination, which e playful lains why they ignore me  awesome     "
still in bed  having one of those days  watching new <propfemale> and just relaxing 
"\cause i'm a gypsy are you coming with me? i might steal your clothes and wear them if they fit me never made agreements just like a gypsy and i won't back down 'cause life's already bit me and i won't cry i'm too young to die if you're gonna quit me 'cause i'm a gypsy\"" ~shakira"""
"\you are the thunder and i am the lightning!\"""""
my foot is killing me!!!!!!!
why do i even get out of bed
"what's on my mind? she is  that's what, well that's who i guess but same difference, right?"
checked my mail today     no card (<propfemale>) no recipes (rileigh) no nothing good     sad day
good night all    back to bed i go   
i'm so bored          someone entertain me
"one of these days, when you actually have time for me, i may just be too busy!"
"is so tired of this! i want this cast off so i can have things done my way! its not like i planned this, i'm not taking advantage, and i sure as hell didn't do it on purpose! wtf!"
"thanks to the soldiers, here and gone  i appreciate your service to our country  i appreciate you! in loving memory of all the men and women who have kept us safe "
"cleaned the kitchen  shouldn't have been on my feet  now my cast feels super tight and my foot is throbbing    either way i go, i can't win   "
is depressed because her life has become quite pathetic  the highlight of my day is seeing what other people have posted on facebook        someone save me!!!!!
boinga!
"i am so irritated right now    not only are my kids being obnoxious, but today already is shaping up to be crap    god give me strength   "
"right now a united states military member is missing their family while protecting yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are saving, givingand losing lives  it's military appreciation week    repost if you are military, love a military member, or have memories of a fallen    hero    or             just appreciate our military"
"holy crap, it's a small world"
it's finally june  my vacation is next week  yay! eclipse comes out on the 30th! omg i am sooooo excited!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i miss my best friend         rileigh <propfemale> montgomery, you better call me or come see me soon  i love you!"
is thinking about you!  smile 
my kids are watching <propfemale> on netflix  i'm putting on a <propfemale> marathon for them  talk about self-sacrifice  i love my babies!!!
what will you do when i finally decide i have had enough?
today marks 7 years that i have been with aj and in september i will have been married for 5 years  wow!
sitting pool-side with a cast on is not my idea of fun  oh well  being a klutz has its disadvantages  loving my vacation though
"went to old faithful today  the kids had a blast  tomorrow is the long day in the car, so hopefully the kids don't totally hate it  good night friends"
<propmale> valley today  i am stoked  weather kinda blows though   smile 
last full day of vacation         tomorrow we are driving home  it's bittersweet 
attention <propfemale> friends: does anyone have a weed-eater that i can borrow like asap?
"wow, i guess having a migraine and e playful ecting quiet makes me an asshole  go me! fml!!!!"
ok folks  now the mower died  have to get the yard done this weekend  any help would be awesome 
good times at black <propfirst>
cast is off!!!!!!
"no woman really wants the <propfemale> and the stars, she just wants to feel that she is worth the effort "
is sick again  can't breathe  ugh!
"i love when you say you love me, but i love it even more when you show it!"
and then she was replaced  i guess it doesn't matter  it happens 
is happy that today is over  goodnight 
wonders if he doesn't notice or if he just doesn't care 
"wants all of my friends to know that i love each one of you  you are each very special to me, a part of who i am, and without you all i would be one step closer to being lost  thank you for being you!  love "
today sucks!!!! i should have stayed in bed 
i wanna go out tomorrow night  wonder if my foot will feel ok to do so      
good night my wonderful friends and family 
happy father's day everyone!!!
ah! but the daily chores of the domestic goddess call to me  i must heed their call  see you soon facebook  i shall miss thee!
needs to remember to breathe  count to ten     omg is it bedtime yet?
all i want is what i need
"poke me if youever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a goodfriend  message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  commenton this if we have had good memories     now let's see if anybody else is brave enough to copy and paste this to their status, and whos friends are brave enough to do what it says "
pink= i like you ; purple= i would date you ; blue= i did love you ; red= i do love you ; orange= i like talking to you ; white= i really care about you ; silver= we tight ; green= you're sexy ; black=i hate you ; grey= your pretty ; set this as your status & see what colors you get back
my children need to go to sleep before i lose my mind!
had an awesome night with candee <propfemale> edge  hope to do it again soon  thanks for hanging out with me and making my night   laugh 
hello my wonderful friends  got somewhat destressified by going out last night  now i'm bright-eyed and bushy tailed!!! let's get this day started!!!
"thinks that i should get one day to stay in bed all day and relax with no worries      but alas, i have children  i love my babies!"
beautiful day and we are stuck at home     sucktacular
that's it!!! the kids and i are going to go find something to do  peace out fb
yep  i can admit it  i love <propfirst> bieber's music  <propfemale> me 
"is soooo annoyed! nice weather for the last two days, and now that aj is off, the damn rain is back     i want to go to the lake!"
i love a good storm  makes me feel alive! they also put me in the mood      grrrrr baby! lol
can't wait for today to be over 
"come on birthday party, just get here already!!!!"
"the only thing better than a kiss, is a kiss in the rain "
i have learned that giving your keys to someone to hold is a bad idea!!!! crap!!!!!
and i'm up!
is stressing big time!!!!!
really needs my keys!!!!!
"is about to have a nervous breakdown  please god, just let her find my keys     gah!!!!!"
oh thank god!!!!!!!! the keys have been located!!!!
happy independence day everyone! to the soldiers who fight for us to remain free; thank you and i love you for what you do!
"great falls, here we come ( when we leave) lol"
has never looked forward to her birthday this much      omgosh!!!! i can't wait!
"remembering how much fun i had in grade school, all the amazing people i knew, and wondering why we all lost touch    "
"\two can keep a secret if one of them is dead\"""""
8 days till the celebration but 11 till my bday!!!!
is in a bad mood for no good reason  ugh 
omgosh! omgosh! omgosh! can't wait for my birthday party!!!!!!!!!!! omgosh!
i miss my best friend  some things just aren't the same without her   sad 
"spuods?? o????s o? ?u?????? ?q ???? ? ?sn???s ?no? u? s??? ??s?d pu? ?do? ?uo??u????s??d ????n??? ?s?? spu???? ?? u? o?? ??s s,??l"
"the next time i see my sister, i just might kick her in the head "
"determined to bring back these phrases: ayecarumba, kappeish?, get jiggy wit it, go go gadget arms, shazzbot, get off my case toilet face!, wubba wubba & yoink!"
made a fire in our fire pit and roasted hot dogs and marshmallows  had a good night!  smile 
if a dream is a wish your heart makes     my heart has some twisted desires sometimes!
2 days!!!!!
wishes she could disappear    and no i don't want to talk about it 
lions and tigers and bitches oh my!!! lol
tonight is the night ladies and gents! it's gonna kick ass!
says that all she wants for her birthday is <propfirst> lautner 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  love you all 
"dear god, \thank you in advance for the good things that are on our not so distant horizon  i think these things could be sooo good for us if it all pans out  i know you have a plan and i have faith in that plan  my life and heart are in your hands  amen "
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world missing their family while you're at home caring for yours  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but sacrificing their own for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post this if you are in the military, love a military member, hold memories of a fallen hero   "
if today continues the way it started        i quit!
"my new favorite song is you belong with me by <propfirst> swift, as <propfirst> by my niece kenni!"
 smile 
long but exciting weekend  could totally do without this stupid sunburn  ugh 
will see you in her dreams  i hope they are good ones or the shit is gonna hit the fan when i wake up  lol! night all! love you all!
"and still         even though you never call, or call me back      i miss you "
what a way to start my day! grrrrr
"every girl wants a love that shines so bright, it makes the stars jealous "
thinks that all you really needed to say was i don't care
and all she knows is that she misses you a little more every day 
is soooooo happy for <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!!!
is only gonna break your heart!
"god is great, beer is good and people are crazy!!!"
gonna go dance my ass off at eagles 4040 tonight  ya'll should join me 
"just because you say you are sorry, that doesn't mean i have to forgive you "
"dear <propfirst>  please leave <propfemale> for my sammi  if not, i fear she may go on a murderous rampage  you know sammi is hotter anyway  thanks "
i'm a very simple girl  i enjoy long walks in the moonlight  long talks in the twilight  long kisses in the daylight    and poking dead things with a stick 
needs motivation!!!!
is running out of time and <propfemale>! freaking out!!
tonight is going to be ridiculously awesome!!!!!!!
omfg!!!! tonight is going to be the best ever!!!!!!!! i get to see my bestie!!!
"last night was amazing!!! great friends, great music, and a million laughs  these are the moments!!!  laugh "
just needs to be held sometimes  even the strongest structure needs support 
wish me luck folks!!!!!!!
is super bummed out  oh well  it's all part of the plan               more or less
desperately needs caffine!!!!!
"dear edward,\   i see you have completely disregarded my last request and i must say that i am offended  this is your second notice  <propfemale> is a tramp and my sammi is a good crazy girl  i hope i do not have to ask again  sammi is waiting  thanks!  smile "
is wondering about some things and some people          time will tell i suppose 
holy buckets! dragon age is addicting 
"way past sleepy time  goodnight all, love you tons!"
wants to go do something!!!!!!
i have decided that the song in my head by <propfirst> derulo is my favorite song at the moment 
"had an awesome day in bozeman, but i missed my babies  glad to be home again "
is going to bed  a crappy ending to one of the best days ever  fml  oh well tomorrow is another day 
last night           wow               laugh 
"if i was gonna be in gf tonight    i'd go see the male strippers  i could do with another lapdance or two      lol, but seriously omfgosh!"
"ok so, the kids are on medicaid because i cannot afford to pay for their medical care right now  their doctors office just told me that i have to pay $68 to have them seen or they won't see them  wtf!!! hello!!!!"
is officially requesting a d surprise ver!
really hates stupid people!!!!!!!!!!!
i love the way you lie             
soft-core porn sucks!
wants to go do something       just don't know what yet!
don't be a goofus!
you're killin me smalls!
ssdd
"so, it's official  <propfemale> is a big girl  stayed the night with her brother at gma's house  i think i was more of a wreck then she was  she didn't even cry        sniff sniff  can't believe how big my babies are              "
ok! now i'm off to shower and get dressed  gotta get out of the house          too damn quiet!
17 days       i cannot wait!!!!!!
if you're a jackass and you know it raise your hand             
omg              arrrrgggggg
<~~sucks at life 
"so my daughter sits down, turns to us and says, \i shit \"""""
never forget       
for        ev     er             for          ev            er     lmao i love this movie
"i remember          and i want to send a huge thank you out to all the men and women who serve, fight, risk their lives, and even die to keep us all safe  there are no words to e playful ress my gratitude  thank you men and women of the united states military!!!!"
"a challenge for my facebook friends      go through your friends list and thank each and every soldier that you have on your list  their willing sacrifice protects us, our loved ones, and our way of life  show some love for the ppl willing to die for us "
"so call him closer, be a doll\he gives you just a taste but you want it all\but if you stumble before you fall\take a little taste or you’ll lose it all"
is headed to great falls today!!!!
4 days till i board the plane!
i like it on the dryer 
"so here i am, three days away from vacation with tons to do, and my son got me sick  yippee!"
my son got me sick     ugh
banana? everybody knows ducks eat spaghetti!
"come on thursday, i really need a vacation right about now"
come on saints!!! beat those whiners!
whatever aj says i said during this game is a lie!!!!!
ok 9ers don't fuck it up!!!!!
"feel like ass, so i'm going to bed  night all"
"does anyone watch the tv show, the gates?"
"well, i (hopefully) board the plane tomorrow to start my 2 week vacation  i cannot wait to get to florida  bring on the sunshine!"
wam! bam! thank you ma'm!
i am praying fervently that the flight to florida goes better than the flight to <propmale> did  god give me strength to deal with my children     love 
i freakin love florida!!!!!
it sucks when you're depressed on vacation 
"relaxing on the patio, warming up because its cold inside  oh florida, how i love things backwards"
"daytona beach baby!!!! now i get sun, sand, and surf!!!  laugh "
oh <propfemale> garden      how i adore you!!!!!!
's vacation will be over soon         it's bittersweet          
my stomach hates me     ugh    i think i'd have to feel better just to die       sad 
and the journey home begins         
is back in montana ladies and gentlemen!!!!!
is going out tonight  anyone that wants to see me should too 
watching weeds on netflix        good day
had a partial root canal today        pain meds are kicking in      good night world       
friday night     here i come!!!!!!
"? it's couples week! copy and paste this as your status with the date you got together: started dating june 7, 2003 married september 3, 2005  love "
"what a fabulous start to my day!!!! grrrr! i get head butted in the nose so hard it bleeds, then my darling daughter decides that i need chewed up hotdog in my hand! gross!!!!"
thinks she needs to get some boxing gloves for her children! the way they fight is ridiculous! wonder what it will be like when they are older     ? god help me!!!!!!
"thinks that tonight i will close my eyes and make a wish as i drift off to sleep, and see what tomorrow will bring  i love my family and friends!!!!!"
"is highly annoyed!!! <propfemale> went to bed on time but <propfirst> woke her up to \show her where his water bottle was\""!!! why on earth she needed to know that is beyond me """
i have pie         
"\oh so you're stalking me now?\"" \""no i'm just running into you in a premeditated manner \"" lmao"""
"thats it!!!!!! i hereby request a d surprise ver for today!!! kids are cranky, i have gotten hit in the nose 3 times, and i slept like crap!! i quit!!"
paranormal state marathon yay!
"i usually don't do this, but here goes! loleveryone, i'm not super superstitious, but this year october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy      will be withou   t money  i cannot let that person be me          copy within 11 minutes "
it's a good day to be a raiders fan!!!!!!!!!
"being a christian is like being a pumpkin  god picks you from the patch and washes all the dirt off of you  he cuts off the top and scoops out all the yucky stuff  he removes the seeds of doubt, hate and greed  he carves you a new smiling face and puts his light inside of you to shine,for all the world to see  this was passed to me by another pumpkin  now it's your turn to pass on to the pumpkins in your patch!!!"
put this as your status if you know someone are related to someone who suffers from being a <propfirst> cowboys fan  being a cowboys fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for dcf and sympathy does not help  but we can raise awareness  90% of cowboys fans wont repost this   because they dont know how to copy and paste 
just watched the <propmale> horror picture show  i forgot how delightfully twisted that movie is     lol
"so <propfirst> is sick     high fever and as of today, pink eye  yay me       not!!! fml "
oh monday         how i loathe you!!!!!!!!!!
wtft!!!!!!
"ifyou \like\"" my status i will tell you: 1: something i've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2) the color you remind me of  3) my first memory of you  4 ) the animal you remind me of  5) my favorite thing about you 6 ) give you a weird nickname 7) ask something          i've    always wondered about you 8 ) challenge you to post this  (i was challenged!)"""
"want to see something interesting? well, it isn't this status  however, the person in the picture next to this status is interesting, sexy, and awesome "
so what if i watched <propfemale> montana and cried like a baby? what's it to ya? lol
"if you could read what's in my heart, you'd be in tears "
"don't you see, it fills the void inside of me  keeps me too busy to feel the pain, helps me not to relive it again "
since everyone else is doing it   lol    ask me any question to my inbox and i will answer it in my status  let's see what happens            
"q: when you gonna come visit your fav cousin (aka meeeeeee)?\a: when i can afford to "
needs prayer right now  have a job interview tonight  i need this job!!! please send some positive thought my way!!!!!
"well folks, i made it through the first interview  got a call for a second interview  things are looking good! thanks to all for the prayers, positive thoughts, and well wishes  please keep them coming for just a little longer! i love you all to bits!!!!!!"
"as long as my background check clears, i got it!!!!!!"
sigh 
sick of it       
cats win!!!!!!!!!!!!!
beer
"house is almost in order for tomorrow       little bit more to do in the morning, then cooking all day  wish me luck folks"
"had a great day of thanks  lots of food (which i made) lots of laughs, and tons of love all around  thanks to everyone that wished me a happy thanksgiving, i love you all but i was antiphone today  today was great!!!!!!"
"feels bad and a bit caught in the middle, but if you're gonna say things about my best friends, say it to them, they deserve to know how you feel  hope i didn't burn any bridges, but i have to do what i think is right "
i got the job
is tired of doing things for people and not having it reciprocated  today is not a good day!!!!!
"since i am having a horrible day, i am going to immerse myself in my happy place      twilight saga, we meet again "
"shoulda, coulda, woulda, but like an idiot, didn't!!"
"it was a recipe for disastera four course meal of no sorryit seemed that happily ever afterwas happy everyone was after meit was a cup of good intentionsa table spoon of one big messa dash of overreactioni assume you know the rest(chorus)one little slip, one little slipit was a fusion of confusionwith a few confounding thingsi guess i probably took the wrong directionwell i admit i might have missed a sign or two"
has orientation today!!!!!! i'm excited!!!
won't be going out for a while          i now work weekends 
"must         stay          awake          cannot            sleep               yet!!!!!! oh lord, i'm exhausted!!"
love is the reason for the season!!!!! this is the perfect time to tell and to show all your loved ones how much they mean to you  i love my friends and family more than they will ever know!!!! i'm so thankful to have you all in my life!
"b-o-r-e-d!!!!!!! that's me!!!!!!!!!!! preparing myself to work overnights, and let me tell you its tough!!! would be easier if i had something to do!!!!! yup yup yup!"
"i've almost made it through the night!! just have to get my boy off to school, then i can pass out!!!!! i'm sooooo effin tired!!!"
i did it folks!!!!!! good night now!
so much for sleep!!!!!! grrrrr
had a great day and night with her family!
is loving work and her friends at work  its good to feel productive and to be making $$$!!!!!  laugh  i'm pretty blessed!!!!
"ok, i'll do it!!!!! send me a number to my inbox and i'll post what i think of you "
#58- we have had some really good times  lots of long talks and tons of laughs  i feel blessed to count you as a friend because you are a truly amazing person  never change!!! love your face!
"#928- well, what can i say? you are crazy fun and have always been good to me  i'm glad to know you and hope we stay friends no matter where life takes us   smile "
"#72- you are a wonderful person and a fantastic friend  sometimes you fail to see the light you shine for others, but i see it  i'm glad you are my friend  specially since i'm now sure that you don't want to steal aj from me lol"
"#333- you used to irritate the ever living hell out of me  now not so much, but then again i never see you  still, you have a great sense of humor "
#2727- you have so much charisma  you are gorgeous and an awesome friend!!!! haha we even have the same taste in exes lmao  i love your face and a half!!!!!!!!
#7- we have known each other for a long time now and have been close over the years  you haven't always been the greatest friend but life is too short to hold a grudge  now i count you as family  just wish you had more time for me 
"#420- you are probably the most irritating person i have ever met in my life, however i know that generally your heart is in the right place  you have listened to my problems at times when my \friends\"" were too busy  i guess i'll keep ya around      as long as you can handle being told off  mmmmmkay?"""
"#5768- when i first met you, i thought you were a total crab ass  over time as i got to know you better, you definitely grew on me  then your son came to visit and he was sooooo cute!!!!!! lol but seriously, i consider you family and i'm blessed to have you in my life  love you!!!!"
"#1983- you are <propfemale> funny! i have known you forever it seems  you were one of the first people to trust me with driving their car  and, if memory serves, you still owe me a car since you got rid of mine lol"
"#3 14- first of all i have to say, pie      really? lmao  i think you are truly amazing  its hard to believe that lasting relationships can develop from a <propmale> meeting in a store  hope that over time we will stay friends and learn more about each other   smile "
#686- you are always full of joy for life  we have had some good times for sure  glad to know you lady!
#4 i've said it once and i'll say it again  you are the nicest bitch anyone will ever meet  i love your pretty face!!!! glad to say you are one of my faves!!
"#151- you were my very first best friend and even though we don't see each other often, you are one of the most kick ass women i know  i love you always!!!!!"
"#12- you are beautiful and amazing  you always have my back and never doubt that i love ya, even if we don't talk often "
"2010 is almost over  confess (inbox only) something you've always wanted\to tell me  dont be afraid! put this as your status and see what you get"
"#6942- no matter what i need or what's going on, you are always there  you are the closest thing to an older sister that i have  i love you"
#1483- you are a total sweetie pie!!!!!! my son wants you to be his gf lol!!!! i love your freakin face
"#1985- you and i go way back  we have had ups, downs, and in-betweens but you will always hold a special place in my heart  love ya girlie"
"#42- what can i say? i couldn't stand you when i met you, even though you are super hot      but after a while, you really grew on me, and now i'm glad to know you  you have an amazing sense of humor and really know how to make people feel special  thanks for being my friend "
"#73185- you are amazing! you have great taste in football teams  you have always been there for me when i needed a friend  we lost touch for a while and i'm thankful to have you in my life again  oh, and you are oh so handsome      just sayin!!!!  smile "
"#0110- i love your face  i don't know you super well, but you are such a great person  and your son is adorable "
"#44- you       you are one of the most amazing people i have ever had to fortune to meet  you hold a very special place in my heart, and there are no words to describe how much you mean to me  love you always "
#472- you are the worst bodyguard ever!!!! but i am still gonna keep you around   you are freakin awesome 
"#27- you are completely crazy, but you are soooo much fun  i love you a ton and i'm glad to count you as a friend  i'll always be there for you, no matter what "
"#951- i don't know you very well, but you seem pretty cool  you are pretty argumentative which is aggravating  all in all though, you aren't half bad  oh and i forgot that you are full of yourself"
"#4488- i have known you since middle school  we have definitely had our issues, but we have always worked it out  i still say you look like that little girl from the movie andre      lol"
#3789- you are tied in first for the most frustrating person i know!!!! i have known you your whole life and loved you every single day of it  i will always be here for you 
#99888- you have always been a total sweetheart to me  i have known you since middle school and can't remember ever having a problem with you  you basically rock!!!!  smile 
"#666- what an appropriate number! you are basically the devil!!! lol just kidding!!!! seriously though, you and i have come a long way together, growing and maturing  you make me angrier than anyone else has the power to, but you also make me happier than anyone else either  i love you "
#21- you are fantastic! there are days that i can't stand you but most days i love your face  you better call me while you are home!!!
"#406- i have been through more with you then i have anyone else  you are the sister of my heart  i love you and no matter how close or far apart we are, i will always have your back "
last night was epic!!!!!!!
"rock my world baby, but you can't bring me down!!!"
is quite irritated  finally getting to go to bed         good day fb
good night fb       time to catch some zzzzzzzzzz's i hope!!!!
"thinks its amusing when people say one thing and do the opposite  i know i'm not perfect, but      really!!!!!!"
almost there       
tonight is going to be amazing!!!!!
rialto baby!!!!!!!!!
"last night was a blast!!!! after the night i had, how am i even awake right now "
goodnight world     
is pissed off  seriously!!!! gah!!!! my 4 year old seems to think he's all grown up and can do what he wants!!! he's 4 dammit!!!!
"2 things      first, sorry if my phone has pocket dialed you in the middle of the night recently     stupid thing       second        why can't people just be nice??????"
"flip a coin         heads you win, tails i lose        "
"thinks that her life is pretty grand right now  i've got some pretty amazing friends, a beautiful family, and a kick ass job  blessed      yes, yes i am   laugh "
it takes quite a lot to leave me speechless       wow
hanging out with <propfirst> and <propfemale>  such a good day  i freakin love these girls   smile   love 
went sledding today       good fun! but it was cold  love my <propfirst> for suggesting we go 
"how can you get what you want, if you don't even know what that is?"
 love   love 
and i burn with hatred for the one who hurts the ones i love!!!!!
is gonna live everyday like its her last 
another night in paradise! walmart is good fun late at night!  smile 
fml
"its infuriating to have been up all night with a sick baby, and then have to argue with your spouse in the morning  grrrr "
is stressed out  need to take some me time
i think i'm in love with <propfirst> cera
"i've got a pocket, got a pocket full of sunshine!"
need        some                                                                            energy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love you         i have loved you all along   
"is happy  things aren't perfect, but when are they ever  i adore my friends, my job, and basically life in general  kinda like livin a dream, except when i drop a box of cans on my finger       that hurts  lol"
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? note: if you comment you must copy and paste as your status so i can comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along"
ok       alyssa bday is the 22nd      gonna have a party  let me know if you are coming and i'll let you know details
"worked all night last night, stayed up till now, but now i'm going to bed       good night all"
is awake now      i feel pretty rested lol!!!!! now for something to do       
"take time to notice the little things       the way the snow sparkles in the light, the way being around someone makes you feel a little happier than you were before, and appreciate each day        tomorrow is a gift, not a guarantee "
"oh late nights alone on my couch, why must you inspire me to think!!!!!"
"back to sleep i go      love it when aj is off and i can sleep!!! back to dreamland, where its my way, all day!!!!!!"
forgot how much i love the coyote ugly soundtrack!!!!!!
<propfemale>'s party is at 4 on the 22nd at pizza hut on n  montana  let me know if you are coming 
"so many thoughts       very few answers  oh yeah, this is the time of my life!"
"hope, dangles on a string   like slow spinning redemption    "
a dream is a wish your heart makes      when you're fast asleep!
who would have thought that i could love working at walmart so much       its definitely the ppl 
"grrrrrr          yep, that just about covers it "
"woke up sick today     ugh      at least it held off till my weekend, but i can't afford to be sick!!! my daughter's birthday is saturday!!! geez!!!"
hates being sick!!!!!!
"final reminder, <propfemale>'s party is at 4 pm at pizza hut on n montana"
"god, please give me strength       today is trying every last vestige of <propfemale> i possess!!!"
has a plethora of things to accomplish and no motivation to do so    
a huge gust of wind almost literally blew me off my front porch 
cannot believe her baby girl is 2 today      time flies
watchin beauty and the beast with my kiddos  prayin for a nap before work
"is feeling grateful  a bit anxious, and somewhat frustrated, but grateful "
first person to like my status i will change my last name to yours for a week  second person to like my status i will write i love you on your wall for three days  third person to like my status i will answer any question (private msg only)  forth person to like my status can choose my profile picture 
"in the midnight hour, i can feel your power      "
hates when none of her friends are at work      super lonely and bored     sad 
"just like a prayer, i'll take you there!!!!"
its gonna be a fantastic day!!!!!
hyper!!!!!!
31 hours ago i woke up from a nap that only lasted about 2-2 5 hours       i'm wiped  goodnight world 
31 hours ago i woke up from a nap that only lasted about 2-2 5 hours   i'm wiped  goodnight world 
 love   love 
my darling son just informed me that he wants to see back to the future!!! yay!!!!
"copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone, or have heard of someone who knows someone  if you don't know anyone, or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone, then still copy this  it's important to spread the message  oh and the hearts ? ? ? ? for crap's sake, don't forget the hearts! ? ? ? ?          "
"by not speaking my mind, i can try to ignore what i'm feeling  once the words are said, i can't take them back "
"oh!! i see    apparently one should be grateful, after being basically ignored, to be getting attention now  hmmmm, not feelin it     "
"if you`re not scared, put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1)= crazy  (2)= i`d marry you  (3)= attractive  (4)= sarcastic  (5)= i miss you  (6)= i`d kiss you  (7)= moody  ( smile = smart  (9)= imaginative  (10)= random  (11)= hot  (12)= funny  (13)= fit  (14)= amazing  (15)= tough  (16)= cute  (17)= i'd hit you with a bus  (1 smile = i love you  (19)= weirdo"
candle-lit bubble baths are balm for the soul
i just woke up and realized that i suck  i slept through something i'd been waiting all day for  can we say lame???
fantastic
i wanna be the light in your eyes and the reason that you smile 
"just had a dream that i got seriously injured at work       god, i hope not!!!! scary!!!!!!"
a dream is a wish your heart makes when you're fast asleep      
omg!!! set it on fire by my darkest days is the coolest song i've heard today!!!! thank you pandora  how i love you!!  love 
has a lot of things to ponder  thank god for pandora and exhaustion 
oh and vampires are great!!!! i need one of my own        
"ashes, ashes, its been burnt to the ground        "
heaven sent by hinder is a bad ass song!!!! i really love hinder!!!!!
"don't wake me, cuz i don't wanna leave this dream!"
wow        my mood sucks 
feelin much better! my friends are the best ever!!!!!!!
things         they are a-changin  gonna revamp my style      stay tuned 
is lost
to be me is a great thing!
ah! i love the idea of sleep in the morning! lol
"how do you fix something that's been broken for a long time, when you can't remember where the pieces go, and there are no instructions?"
"work again tonight  should be fun       if its not, i'll make it fun!!! i'm awesome like that      no need to thank me!"
lunch hours spent alone are lame!!!!! at least i'm having hot food 
i'm 1st place in awesomeness!
good day fb world 
is           
is tired and feels like shit  ugh  stupid exhaustion 
so many things going on in my head       why can't people mind their own business? i have a great idea      let's make life more difficult than necessary with lies! go us!      lame 
"just for fun             \copy this into your status and see what colors you get in boxed annoyed gold: be my <propfirst> this year ?\silver: i used to like you \red: i miss you \orange : will you be mine ?\         yellow: i think your cute \blue: i love you \purple: i wanna chill \pink: i like you\black: i wanna kiss you !"
what is wrong with people today?
is wiped out  is it friday yet??????
lol people are funny
dr  <propfirst> <propmale> is an ooober hottie!!!!
pac man is bomb
got my ticket to the <propfemale> concert!!!!! so excited!!!!!
i'm a pretty big deal        lol!!! something like that anyways       hahahhahahahaha
wow       what a day! i'm exhausted already and i haven't even gone to work yet!!!
sometimes you just know       other times you need a swift kick in the ass      this is one of the latter times      
"dear pandora, \i adore you! how would i ever accomplish anything without you? so in love with you  that is all \love always,\me"
"<propfemale> is singing rhianna's part of \love the way you lie\""  lol she's so cute"""
i must  stay  awake!!!!!!!
happy birthday to my dear friends born on this day     i love you
"i would like my fb friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy this to your status, so i can do the same  i bet half won't read the instructions right, the other half won't post anything, like they never do because they are lurkers"
banana
that 70's show marathon on netflix today                          yes i think so!
ah! the rumor mill        gotta love it 
"has come to a conclusion  everything is not what it seems, and people simply suck  hahaha love me or hate me, because frankly my dear, i don't give a damn "
my daughter has informed me that she is <propfemale> mouse 
"always be happy??~you never know who is falling in love with your smile!!!! ???\\thanks <propfemale>!"
"well, its official  i am sicker than i've been in a long time  gonna drown myself in cold medicine "
"thinks people should look at their own lives before they start to judge other peoples, is yours really that perfect?!"
"io ti amo  mentre io non sempre lo spettacolo, io lo sento sempre"
"alcune persone hanno a causare problemi agli altri per sentirsi meglio  salva la tua rabbia, e pietà "
ecco <propfemale> cose meglio non dire 
ugh! i hate being sick!!! let's fast forward to the part where i feel better mmmmmkay?
women are angels   and when someone breaks our wings   we simply continue to fly    on a broomstick   we are flexible like that  
"another day passes, the same as the last "
needs prayer for her uncle right now! he's in the hospital and in a lot of pain  thanks a ton 
love it!!!
is feeling          a lot  lol  life is like letting my sisters drive my car with no oh shit handles       lmao
"weirdest dream ever!! walmart, speed boats, zombies, a zombie slayer and a werewolf       wtft?"
my power lies in knowing my own worth 
sibling war! post this if you are the coolest and most awesome of your siblings if this stands for an hour with out said siblings protesting it is true!
vivi ogni giorno come se fosse l'ultimo
happy birthday to my little sisters today!
"had a good night at work      i truly adore my friends, without whom i don't know if i could handle working nights  i am a lucky girl  so much else to say, but i'm not gonna   lol"
"infatuation is when you think he's as sexy as <propfirst> depp, as funny as will ferrel, as serious as keanu reeves, and as talented as <propmale> carrey    love is when you realize he's as sexy as will ferrel, as funny as keanu reeves, as serious as <propmale> carrey and nothing like <propfirst> depp but will take him anyway"
walked in the door of my house from work and my son peeks his head out of my bedroom  holy buckets! scared the crap outta me 
hello fellow facebookers  i think today is gonna be a good day!
so excited for the concert tonight!!!!! omg can't wait!!!
got smooth from cali swag districts autogragh
had a blast and a half at the concert and the after party! thanks to my friends who shared it with me  i love you guys!
put this on your status and see what people rate you  (1)= crazy  (2)= i`d marry you  (3)= attractive  (4)= sarcastic  (5)= i miss you  (6)= i`d kiss you  (7)= moody  ( smile = smart  (9)= imaginative  (10)= random  (11)= hot  (12)= funny  (13)= fit  (14)= amazing  (15)= tough  (16)= cute  (17)= i'd hit you with a bus
is there anything sexier in this world than keifer sutherland with fangs? i think not!
feels horrible      think i'd have to feel better to die  thank goodness for my patient hubby who is taking care of my whiny sick self 
"the one you just called fat? she's been starving herself & lost over 30lbs  the one you just called stupid? he has a learning disability, studies over 4 hours a night  the one you called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on, hoping people will like her  the one you just tripped? he is abused enough at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  repost if you're against bullying "
less than 4 hrs of sleep when you're sick       no bueno  ah well   such is life
"didn't make it through work last night  3 hours in and i was done  stupid chest pain   sad  on the bright side, i got some sleep so maybe i can get some things accomplished today "
"dear government, if you feel the need to stop paying our military personnel, then i think you should feel the need to stop paying yourselves  i'd like to see you support your family without a pay check! by the way, maybe if you take your pay check down to less than $100k it would help some of the budget issues in <propfemale>  i'd like to see you survive on enlisted military personnel pay! repost if you agree"
yay!!!! new cd player!!
its a my chemical romance kinda day        smile 
"errands almost done       for now, then more packing      oh joy"
is at <propfemale> garden in salt lake city
arizona and <propfemale> are pretty places   smile 
i can see it!!!! hello sin city! lol
is head over heels in love with vegas!!!!
got my nails done and my first pedicure       feels awesome
grrrrr
gno in vegas!!!!!!!
thinks that i should stay in vegas indefinitely  love this city!!!!
aj is taking me to bite tonight!!!!! so freaking excited!!!!!
so excited!!!!!! bite tonight!!!!! very very soon!!!!
oh  my  god!!!! bite was the most awesome thing ever!!!!!
wearing fangs in a las vegas bar          fun!
sad day       i'm leaving las vegas   sad 
is somewhere in utah        are we there yet?
made it to <propfemale>
going to lockey park        anyone else down?
"single or not, put this as your status and see what color people send you in a message\black- i want a relationship \green- i'm falling for you \purple- i miss you \orange- i really like you \   pink- i love you"
long night      lots of time to think    ouch     now what? sleep i guess
my wake up call tonight? oh! fighting on the phone  gee   what a lucky woman i am     fml
i did the macarena with a smurf sliding down a hill because big bird is my leader and he told me to
"while you scream at ur women,there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear  while u humiliate, offend and insult her,there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is ,while u hurt her there's a man wishing he could take her pain away when u make her cry, theres a man stealing smiles from her post this on your wall if you are against domestic violence and mental abuse   even if posted before "
"<propfirst> <propfirst> boule due july 24, 2006 born august 5 2006  8lbs 5 4 oz  <propfemale> <propfemale> boule due january 19, 2009 born january 22, 2009  8lbs 5 3 oz  *repost if you love being a mommy*"
"is exhausted  luckily i get to go back to sleep in a hour, thanks to my husband!  smile "
"is exhausted  luckily i get to go back to sleep in a hour, thanks to my husband!  smile "
"a normal person has 1,000 wishes  a military person only has one, to come home safely  in honor of someone that died, a wounded warrior, or who is fighting for your freedom, please repost in their honour  god bless our soldiers, sailors and airmen    past, present, & future  to those still serving overseas     come home safely"
