4fd1001482a12adaddb777ea7581fc4e
dont want to go to work tommorow   
stressing about duke 
"had a great afternoon practice, and i'm getting a $1,305 check just for living here, its been a good day!!"
gots my new glasses 
going to ref this weekend 
"hominy corn fried with bacon, i can feel my arteries clogging!!"
"i'm pissed, my new ipod tuch and its case are being sent to the last place i had apple send my stuff, and thats my aunts in juneau  fml!! and it pisses me off more that this is my fault and i can't blame fedex "
"chopped wood for three and a half hours, little tired, i need to find someone to go and play racketball "
"so damn easy to say that life's so hard, everybody's got their share of battle scars  as for me i'd like to thank my lucky stars that i'm alive and well "
goin to p-town to haul crab gear 
"i'm a snake with blue eyes, and i only come out at night lol "
"going to the hospital christmas party, should be fun lol "
"dammit, farmville has me hooked "
"what a day  i cooked breakfast, decorated it, went a got a tree, <propmale> out with brown, went to work, then did the dishes, laundry, and cleaned up around the house  it be milller time lol "
this is going to be a fun night 
trying to be a helpful and polite employee is kinda hard when you high on vicadin haha 
"can finally see, contacts came in!!"
nothing like a 1 o'clock in the morning run lol 
had another good 3 mile late night run 
"just reffed for four hours or so, now i'm at work  my ass is dragging a lil bit "
i love how in zombie movies the actors don't know what zombies are  its like they're completely ignorant 
"well, i liked both the teams, wanted vikes to win more, but hopefully the saints can rally past the colts "
"women, you say something thats completely obvious, and they just don't get it "
time for a run!!!!
"52\ hidef flatscreen tv + superbowl + lots of munchies = awesome"""
<propfemale> turned 1 today!!!
day four and going strong!!
day 8 baby!!!
snow?? really???
"day 17, i'm home free!!"
i dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none -william shakesphere (macbeth)
what?! its <propfemale> on my day off!? hells yeah!!
"it's the starting day of the derby, and i'm working    its even worse watching all the boats leave haha  and you think kstk would actually try and play good music today considering the number of listeners just increased dramatically    that would be a big negative!!! hahaha"
sooooo hooooot!!!
"phone has gone m i a , wont be able to get a new one till friday  fml!!!"
"new number, 19076607013"
long night at casa de serpiente 
"thank you k s t k  for broadcasting songs no one has ever heard before  \the apples are just turning ripe\"" is bound to become a hit    i love to listen to your station """
not
"just walked into my dads, and <propfemale> came running up to me in her batman shirt  i just happened to be wearing mine as well  needless to say my sister snapped a photo "
watched boondock saints 2: all saints day  epic movie!!!
"lets see, we can take the prop channel, or we can take the jet channel (when we have a prop) while the tide is going out and get stuck till 3:15a m     guess which one was decided?"
lesnar vs  carwin!!! this is going to be an intense fight!!
"what a fight!!!! carwin rocks lesnar, and hes able to survive, and in the second lesnar is able to get the take down and get into a choke to win!!"
"went to the beach last ight with <propfemale>, my mom, my sister and the dogs last night, and couldnt keep <propfemale> out of the water!! she thought it was awesome  going again tonight "
"just took my contacts out for the first time in months, did not realize i am this blind normally "
thirteen days   
"hello sun, nice to see you  its been a while, too long in fact  feel free to stay a while, i'm thinking a couple weeks minimum "
i think the sun turns the river into a giant magnet that attracts aluminum 
"the house is clean, the fridge is full, the dishes are done, i'm on my last load of  laundry, its a gorgeous day out, and i have work in an hour    effin a cotton, effin a "
best way to cap a long day    a nice run lol 
"do mine own eyes deceive me? is that the sun? something tells me its a sucker whole, and a good one at that "
hole*
"man, that was a hell of a night  but in a good way "
"go to the tubs, b s  with the troopers, oh yeah!!"
"10 smile 0 at night after a good river trip, out of nowhere <propfirst> shows up with a couple j&w's burgers, wow, awesome!!"
has lost count of how many boats he's seen heading up river   
that was a definite fail <propfirst>  fail  bros before hoes man 
"a go getter maybe i’m not \i’m not known for doin’ a lot \but i do my best work when the weather’s hot \i’m pretty good at drinkin’ beer"
"why does one always turn into a couple, and a couple always turn into a lot, and then into too much?"
"oh boy, here comes the sun!!!"
rock n roll ain't noise pollution!!
"made it back down river  pretty sweet trip, little wet though "
what a long damn night   
lil wayne<eminem
"good night last night, my dad is going to be hurting today though "
halo:reach and a new itouch are on their way  yeehaw!!
"oh the wind is lashing lustily,\and the trees are thrashing thrustily,\and the leaves are rustling gustily,\so it's rather safe to say,\that it seems that it may turn out to be,\it feels that it will undoubtedly,\it looks like a rather blustery day today,\it sounds that it may turn out to be,\feels that it will undoubtedly,\looks like a rather blustery day today"
"we touch, i feel a rush, we clutch, it isn't much\\but it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us\\it's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorcerous\\cause you just, did the impossible, gained my trust"
"when trying to acheive a goal, never say i can't, it shows how weak you really are  never say i'll try, it gives you a way out  always say i will, that way if you do somehow fail, you did your damndest to accomplish said goal, and no one can take that away from you "
"from the sounds of it, i got the job  just has to pass through the board  <propmale> said he would get me something official in a couple days "
e playful endables this weekend!!!
"eff the postal service  i know my package is behind there, its been saying delivered on my package tracking since yesterday morning!! get a move on it!!"
"so i let duke out for a few minutes last nihgt, he comes back in, and he had been bitten by another dog! idk whos dog it was, or what exactly happened, but now duke has a couple of holes on the front of his left shoulder  its just strange because duke doesnt have a mean bone in his body and never wants to fight another dog   "
wrestling starts tommorow!
"mondays and tuesdays are now my worst days  morning practice at six, work at 11 till three, afternoon practice 4-6, then back to work 7-11  joy!!!"
"honestly, i have no idea where that came from  it was the end of practice, and i start preaching to the kids about dedication, honor, pushing yourself to the limit  i felt like i was channeling coach garrison lol  as close to an out of body e playful erience as ive ever had  we'll find out tommorow morning how much of it sunk in when i see how many show up for morning practice "
"finally, the end to a long day  time to wind down by listening to <propfirst> santanas supernatural album "
"just watched two old animated movies, <propfemale>-tiki-tavi and the lion <propmale>  was only going to watch <propfemale>, but i started watching lion <propmale> and i just couldnt help myself "
"my sister and i have been trying to get <propfemale> to say uncle for weeks, i tell her to say snake once and she has no problem  go figure "
is pumped that halloween is coming!!
"is honestly about to destroy his blackberry  its given him nothing but trouble, he's already gotten a new one already, and this ones rollerball just stopped working  for no effing reason at all  if it keeps it up, it's getting a twelve gauge slug through it's screen "
"when its warm it taste's real crappy \but cold beer will make me happy \when i throw up on the floor \i can go and drink some more \they say beer will make me dumb \it are go good with pizza"
the guys: \coach," can we run outside today?\""\"4fd1001482a12adaddb777ea7581fc4e,happy 10-10-10!!
double bacon cheeseburger from <propfemale> c    bliss 
"wow, shitty day    r i p  duke, 10-5-8 to 10-14-10  gunna miss you boy "
"long day, but the guys did good  lots to work on though "
"phone is dead, no charger  good thing i have my touch and  there's wireless "
snooki want smoosh smoosh!!
isn't going to be here for halloween  slightly pissed about that 
"i'm gone man, solid gone "
harbor banquet    win all around 
wants to give all his wrestlers 10$ and a piece of cake
why am i sick? talk about bad timing  i can only hope that i don't infect the team 
"run to the hills, run for you life!!!"
got a boat    fo free!!
"was walking around the <propfemale> center today, and was bored, so i donated blood  figured it was a good use of my time "
"has come to realize that it's a good thing that wrangell doesn't have a fast food chain, because i would weigh 500 pounds "
leave for the big duck hunt tommorow  yeehaw!!
punkin chunkin!!
"honestly kstk, whats gotten into you? your playing the weirdest mix of songs ever today  some are even from this year! others    not so much "
rock out to the 80's all day? sounds like a plan 
anyone else realize that linkin park has really sold out? i like the old linkin park a lot better 
"its times like these that we need friends and family more than ever  r i p  <propfemale>, my thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family "
"wrestling is over, now time to get back into shape  gym time!!! i can hear disturbed playing in the background already "
"do i really look like a guy with a plan? you know what i am? i'm a dog chasing cars  i wouldn't know what to do with one if i caught it  you know, i just    do things "
<propmale> and <propfirst> party    good times!!!
a hangover = your pennance for such a fun night 
"give a bunch of guys a four-wheeler and a couple sleds, and we will entertain ourselves for the the night, no problem "
it has begun!! good thing its a clear night in the ak 
the boys are back in town!!!!
mmmmm hot buttered rum 
come on snow!!
\well you walk into a restaurant, \4fd1001482a12adaddb777ea7581fc4e,"anyone in seattle area, my pup is going to be coming through there here in the next week or so, the problem is that he's coming in on american airlines and coming here on alaskan, and the airlines won't transfer him over  is there someone in the area that can pick him up and deliver him to alaskan airlines?"
can't wait till tomorrow morning!!
"come on <propfirst>, two interceptions in the first quarter?? pick it up "
plow time!!
its snowing so much i can't even keep up with the plow  the docks i plowed this morning have a new batch of snow just as deep 
"phone fell out of truck when i got out to check how much room i had while i was plowing, probably in a snow berm now  fml   "
