4eb6113e43bd44c5577dac57f02d74d4
"i love you guys, happy new years <propfemale> and new years "
"something, something no so clever "
"hey guys, im going to go take a shower "
"time to turn in my app, wtb job "
i hate ex's that will fuck with you 
anyone for getting wasted tonight? eh?
"here i am, nothing to do, so bored, tra la la "
wtb fun
"hi people, hows it going huh?"
i feel like i'm losing my mind 
"3am, and i can not sleep  annoyed "
letting your emotions control your reason may cause trouble for yourself and those around you 
there seems to be nothing to do on the weekend it seems 
"i could use some love, or attention  qq"
i hope i start feeling better 
"must stay up, need something to do!"
"i'm the <propmale> of the world, what do you have to say about that "
this just in  yezin likes a lot of things 
"i really wish i could sleep, sick of 20+ hours without sleep "
mmmm love chinese food
"why am i still up, i really wish i could sleep right now  "
blah blah blah
sfilghawighawererah 
hooray for time sinks for when i'm not on my other time sink!
"bacon at about 4am in the morning, win!"
i  love  all my friends 
"how i wish i could wash old memories, erase thoughts and purge the pain "
it's so boring in the morning i went to bed at a normal time!
"never give up people, please keep fighting for whatever it is you are fighting "
chocolate milkshake ftw 
"goodnight, you crazy people "
lol still showing people how to setup their counter-strike source servers  i should get paid for this 
everyone post music suggestions 3 2 1 go 
"what a terrible night, i have not had one this bad in awhile "
"i think people tend to forget you do not need to understand and know everything, just to simply enjoy it "
"what's behind the door i wonder\\must be brighter than my past"
grease fires ftl
"snow, and it looks like plenty more "
"another 30 hour day, night all "
"happy thanksgiving, i hope today is a good one for everyone "
burn away those memories 
"5 more days, i'm very ecstatic "
one more night til the best week since about alittle 2 years ago 
few more hours and i'm off on a plane! going to be boring waiting in seattle for a few hours but oh well 
"i'm back from atlanta, who missed me?"
"move forward, march on  do not let anything bring you down you are unstoppable "
tonight is where moonkins get their power!
fullmetal alchemist brotherhood was the best yet  better then the original and i recommend watching it 
"sigh, when i do want to sleep i can't something always comes up and this time it was not great "
"i hope everyone has a good christmas <propfemale>, and a great christmas day "
i love eggnog 
"whoa whoa, poison dreams delude, corrupt me so, here we go "
you'll never forget someone you love(d)  never  it's something you are subconciously thinking  this one is for everyone who has made it 
"dreams, the have to mean something and my unconscious mind keeps telling me this one dream in different angles "
"never hold onto something you want that has left you, i only found pain, you'll be there all by yourself hurt wondering why this has happened  that's what my dreams have lead me to find out right now and i'm in pain and do not know why i am the way i am "
the truth is everyone is gonna hurt you at some point in your life    but you just have to decide who is worth all your pain 
i'm addicted to house 
i need someone to watch movies with! apply here 
house marathons are not enough house for me 
"taking suggestions for anime, currently working on soul eater, need something after "
"i would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how we met  but i want you to lie  that's right, just make it up  after you comment, copy and paste this to your status so i can do the same "
"ahh! another house marathon, sleuth i love you "
someone craft me a dreamcatcher 
"house marathon, woo  too bad it's reruns for right now  channel usa "
"life is not fair, so why not hate it more "
"rip dad, i love you  your suffering has finally ended "
what helps drive you?
"ah, house  you make my life better "
"i slept like crap, and feel like crap "
"woke up, took a nice shower, grub in my stomach  i'm ready for the day "
is enjoying minecraft as much as house 
i can never get enough house 
"i used to rule the world, sears would rise when i gave the word "
<propfirst> coblentz steam is skar_face68
"i have the power of netflix now, beware "
time for some full metal jacket!
