a462df365868f80ac76f5f0b7a8c1722
"i went riding today with a good friend, and i'm feeling better  there were more dirtbikes, atvs, and trucks out there than i've ever seen before  the girls were calm and confident, except for when the creepy weirdo popped up at the wall "
getting ready to go for a ride   smile 
worried for my sister   cancer is an ugly thing 
i'm carb deprived! wahhhh!
nothing is going right 
worried about kiska 
"i had a nice little ride tonight  lady did everything i asked, even cantered on command, instead of acting like a stubborn mule "
hoping to hear good news about dad 
i'm headed outside to finish up what i started yesterday 
"i am hungry  i want something tasty   a little good company would be nice, too "
<propfemale> <propfemale> winds are blowing hard tonight  i'm quite ready for them to stop now 
i believe i have recovered from friday night 
<propfemale> sunday in suburbia 
"today i learned that a very special person has left us, and transitioned home  i am forever grateful that our paths crossed  it has made me a better person   au revoir monsieur santee!"
i'm trying to figure out how to remove my dishwasher 
"success! i have uninstalled the old dishwasher and after everything dries up, (the reason for having to remove it in the first place), i can install the new one "
i'm cold!! brrrrrrr
paranormal activity was a scary movie 
the fun time i was having learning a few plumbing things is over  it's up to professionals to take it from here   sad 
"spontaneous makeup   i'm at my best when i'm 15 minutes late, she said   even my makeup looks more spontaneous  --  story people"
"my kitchen is missing an l shaped piece of countertop and sink  it's closed off with thick plastic, and the air scrubbers and dryers are running   dad's supposed to coming to visit over thanksgiving "
who wants to go pick up dinner for me?
"i'm not sure how it works, but i'm wondering if reiki from others can help clear my negativity "
 laugh 
owwwiiiieee! my hands hurt 
"patches just walked over and put his head down on the sofa cushion in front of me  i looked up and saw that he had a 4 inch piece of tape stuck to his face, covering his eyes  he's too curious for his own good sometimes   smile "
last night's class was great!
oy!
"i just started the process to become a bone marrow donor, at marrow org "
"off to the auto parts store again  bleed screw cracked and needs to be replaced  first i have to get the other piece out  i am not a mechanic, and i never wanted to be one, but somehow, i get stuck doing these things "
"i need a knife, a torch, and a little encouragement  anyone?"
"i know y'all back home are snowed in and whatnot, but i'm gonna complain about being cold  pay no attention to my whining "
i just got some the best news of my life  my dad's cancer is gone!
i am being tested again  i need a little time in between things to reflect on what i have learned   this is a little too much 
just home from <propfirst>'s bithday party  <propfemale> and <propfirst> snuggling in the chair with snuggies was so cute!
i found my keys!!! woot!
anyone know of restaurants that will be open tomorrow?
i need a dog sitter!
went for a much needed ride today with friends  i'm packing now for a early morning flight 
i cleaned off my desktop!!
black
"in memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and in honor of the ones who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer    (93% won't copy and paste this, will you)"
<propfemale> and warm   laugh 
7 1 2  sad 
"be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle  ---plato"
the wheels are turning  just wait til the light bulb pops on 
"here's the game: grab the book closest to you and open it to <propfemale> 56  then find the 5th sentence and post that as your status  last, copy these instructions and put them under it as a comment  remember, grab the closest book, no cheating!  smile  can anyone figure out what book it's from?"
"but, conversely, the outside world has no color, shape, weight, heat, or motion without \inside\"" brains """
rainy days and mondays   
"bran loaves are in the oven  loaves, because somehow, my muffin pan is missing "
"first batch is a little too dry, and not very sweet  i'll try a little more applesauce "
"i gave in and went to urgent care yesterday  antibiotics and assorted other drugs are helping  tomorrow i predict that i will be back in the saddle again, figuratively  hopefully, literally as well   smile "
up way past my bedtime  i'm going to turn into a pumpkin 
"it's nice that we care  about haiti, but i have a friend in nm that is battling bone cancer and  has had no electricity for a week  it's 27 degrees there  she had to  choose between her health insurance and her power  if you can help her,  please mail me for her paypal address  let's get her power back on  today  smile "
"i am going to a cemetery tonight with a group to do a little ghost hunting  it sounded like fun, so i signed up  does anyone want to go with me?"
can ghosties and spirits smell onion breath?
tra la la
under the dog 
i'm still trying too wake up  i've been up since 7 a m 
"i should do the dishes   or go to bed   or make the clasp for that darn bracelet   but i'm sitting near the fire, watching <propfirst> colbert, and wishing i had chocolate "
i should update this once in a while 
"i need to get a watch dog to protect myself and my doggies  m came in at 4 smile 0 for a few minutes, walked into the bedroom, right up to the bed, and the only thing that happened was a half hearted mini growl from kiska "
enlightenment is painful 
"<propfirst> <propfirst> praagh today on facebook: today, i'm going to  challenge you to make a list of ten things you do that make life harder  for yourself  make some sort of an effort to slowly take those items off  the list  take your time  you don't have to do everything in a day   replace eliminated items with things that make life easier for you "
"there is a 16 year old napa  girl named <propfirst> harper missing since feb  13th, blonde hair, blue  eyes  reward offered for safe return, contact <propfirst> (707)815-3292 or  <propfirst> (707)815-3291 or napa pd case #1--932 last seen with 21 year old  <propfirst> frye  please repost napans, this is the best way to get word  out!! thanks!!?"
"i could swear that i saw commercials that stomp would be appearing at the pantages theatre in the very near future  i'm looking for tickets now, and i can find nothing  no tickets, no dates, no mention at all  am i going nuts?"
"i'm gonna share with you a vision that i had, cause i love you  and you  feel it  you know all that money we spend on nuclear weapons and defense  each year, trillions of dollars, correct? instead -- just play with  this -- if we spent that money feeding and clothing the poor of the  world -- and it would pay for it many times over, not one human being  excluded"
<propfirst> geffen? really?
"what's for dinner for a lazy party of 1, with discriminating taste buds?"
"snuggled with patches, and i can't move  he is too cute!"
"subject: first look at clip of american! dear gang, the first clip of american the <propmale> hicks story has been posted by sxsw in anticipation of the north american premiere next friday  see it here at: http annoyed  www facebook com l ef889;www youtube com watch?v=skn39bvflny official trailer coming very soon - we'll let you know! please post this to your blogs forums and get the word out  cheers <propmale> and <propfirst>"
"working on the counters  they are looking fab, of course!  smile "
"i love working with my hands, even if my hands don't like it a bit "
going to the granada theater tonight!
"what in the world is a side by side configuration, and why is it incorrect?"
"my sister went for her scans yesterday  please send good energy, prayers, thoughts   "
good morning! getting ready to go riding   it's going to be a great day!
i just watched the president sign the health care <propmale>  today is a good day!
canned music makes me sleepy when i'm on hold 
ktla
"had a fantastic ride yesterday, and i'm looking forward to another today!  smile "
tra la la  feeling antsy 
just popped in a midnight special dvd with some of the comedians that performed over the years  good times!  laugh 
the wind is awful today  poor kiska is hiding out upstairs 
"i want a ir camcorder, and i want someone to sell it to me for a ridiculously low price "
"saw <propfirst> off yesterday morning, and dropped <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and brit off at the airport early this morning  it's sooo strangely quiet here now  i forgot how much fun <propfemale> is to <propfemale> out with "
happy thursday!
"i scheduled my carpal tunnel surgery for april 23rd  my recovery will be quick, because i also plan on using other healing modalities  camping the weekend before will be fine, and i'll be super healed up for whaley house  there will be no more tendon that feels like a guitar string, no numbness and no pain! (in my right hand at least )"
why am i awake?
"it doesn't matter how much you pretend to ignore things, eventually everything comes to the surface, and refuses to stay hidden "
"messing around with windows 7 installation, again  it just doesn't want to work for me "
finally!! i have windows 7 installed correctly! my laptop almost ended up in the pool many times  lol 
ah am tho thleepy!
"not sleepy anymore, now i'm hot and tired  but   the kitchen floor is gone! what was left of it anyway  it was a lot of work, but they laid the ugly wood over linoleum, so once i got the crowbar under the layer of linoleum, it popped up like a charm  pretending like i don't hurt  now to do laundry and other domestic chores  blech!"
"late night investigation last night, and trail riding with wonderful friends today   does it get any better?"
what's for dinner?
another fantastic ride this morning! i feel good!!! do do do do doot   smile 
wow 
no coffee! i hate this part of having surgery!
waiting   waiting   waiting    waiting
"i'm home now  i've been fed, watered and drugged  my doggies are acting weird though  they won't snuggle with me, and they don't like the scent of the surgical wrap etc   sad "
k  i officially love this dr ! he just called to see how i am doing   laugh 
i want the bare naked ladies to write a song about me   or train 
having this surgery was not a good idea 
feeling so very much better now  both boys are here 
eating sushi and vegging
"ok ladies, since natural beauty is a huge  topic,  stars going naked faced (no make up) for pictures i am asking  all my  girls out there to be brave enough to do the same! show the  would your  natural beauty  no make up or frills! post it as your  profile pic! and  share this banner with all those women you love and  think are  beautiful!"
"rest in peace, <propfirst> redgrave!"
happy birthday dad!!! i love you!
tis saturday    all day 
"just watched a movie called paranormal entity  it was very much like paranormal activity  it was good, bit i would still have to see it to believe it "
happy mother's day!
"pots and pans washed, puppies fed, treated and medicated  one more cup of coffee, some more doggie snuggles, and hopefully some breakfast lunch soon  i'm tired already "
i honestly don't remember having been told that it was worse and that i needed to come back sooner  i really don't 
"i need to find a place that does  upholstery foam cushions, without charging an arm and a leg "
how many drinks does it take? nobody knows!
"ok, universe, (or anyone else who may have a clue), how is this supposed to work? seriously, i need details, because i'm not getting it!!"
"all that we are is the result of what we have \thought  if a man speaks or acts with an evil thought, pain follows him \ if a man speaks or acts with a pure thought, happiness follows him, \like a shadow that never leaves him \\buddha"
"i am grace and love, tenderness and kindness   i can never really, truly be harmed  my heart might ache for a while, but that pain is the education of my soul, and i welcome it  however deep it may run, it is only temporary "
where's that damn magic 8 ball when i need it?
"show of hands: yes or no for friday?  (gut feelings please, and i'll tell you why i want to know after )"
will it be here by saturday? will it to be here before saturday!!
up in 5 hours for surgery  ugh   nighty night 
where does one shop for stun guns?
"i am home, but struuuuung out  i hate this feeling!"
"clear headed for the moment  i appreciate that this medicine helps with pain, but the way it goops up my brain is awful "
owie!
i want to go riding   sad 
jet skiing sounds fun  i'll be so much happier when i can use both hands!
i quit!
"once again i find myself thinking, \i wish i had a <propmale> for this\"" """
"pain meds are really messing me up  usually zonked out, but i haven't been able to fall asleep yet tonight  gonna be cranky tomorrow    sad "
rip rue mcclanahan   sad 
"food then nap  somehow, i forgot to eat today "
"now hiring: combination housekeeper, gardener, cook, pool maintenance person, and bodyguard  must also be willing to do small and large repairs around the house  skills as a masseuse and therapist are desired, but not required "
my a c is not working right  enough already!
the first part is done  i'll breathe a sigh of relief in a day or two 
"one garbage bag, 1 2 roll of duct tape, and still i got my dressing wet!"
"what's for dinner? i'm hungry and nearly out of clean dishes  and no, i'm not kidding "
so very full of sushi!
<propfemale> rubarth was fantastic!! i had a great time   laugh 
"didn't fall asleep until after 5, then back up at 7  ugh!"
"have you ever felt like you just woke up from a 20 year sleep? some nightmares, some good dreams, but all make believe? it's disconcerting, but doable   laugh "
nap time?
"not excited about tomorrow at all  i'm sure everything will be fine, but i wish i didn't have to have this done at all "
"i'm home  everything looked about the same as last time, and i'll know more in about a week "
"i waited until i could type with both hands, to thank you for all the birthday greetings   sorry it took so long!"
"my sister's appointment with the oncologist is tomorrow  please pray, think good thoughts or whatever is your thing, for her "
"it never rains, but man, it pours!"
thsi is a puzzling and arduous journey 
"i finally got out and went riding! soothes the soul, it truly does "
"amberalert!!!!!!!!\ west valley city, ut - little girl, 8 years old,picked up by two men \driving a early-90s model white sedan, licenseplate: 9770j or 977aj  put\ this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do\ it  3 seconds will not kill you  if this were your child, what would \you do? please help!"
"my tomato plants have beautiful, little, green globes  i can already taste them! imagine, tomatoes that actually taste like ripe tomatoes! breakfast, lunch and dinner! mmmm mmmm!"
"i always feel dirty after  watching or reading the news  this post was over as thousand characters, but that's too long   and not enough space to say what i feel  if so many things weren't based on hate or fear, the world would be a much better place  \the news\"" makes me cry """
"when my hands let me vacuum and scoop poop, i will be much happier!"
"cranky with so called, customer oriented services  ready to get rid of the dish service  my brain would probably thank me "
"had a fantastic ride this morning   only one motorcycle, and it showed up as we were finishing up our ride  peace and quiet! i think the two mares were competing to see who could go slowest  they're gonna be pooped when <propfemale> gets back  lol "
"there comes a time in your life when you walk \away from all the pointless drama and people who create it, and \surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you \forget the bad and focus on the good  life is too short to be \anything but happy  repost if you agree, i just    did"
"my sister, <propfemale>, once told me that people often mistake kindess for weakness, and it's all too true  i also believe that those of us who are kind, have a sort of strength that can only come from being a compassionate human, refusing to give in to fear  kindness and compassion do not signal weakness, but love in the face of adversity "
"shake, rattle and roll "
aloe <propfemale> juice tastes like   like you'd e playful ect it to  blech!
should i wait or go? what to do   what to do   ?
"there's something happening here  what it is \ain't exactly clear   "
"lidocaine, malox, darvocet were  my friends yesterday   but today they are not "
"i'm a hippy, and a geek with lots of little things rolled in on the side "
"i love you mom, and we all miss you!"
"oh, btw, today i don't smoke anymore   smile "
"home from an early evening ride  lady is a beautiful girl! she i got the feeling that both lady and <propfirst> were glad to let <propfemale> lead the way again  a nice spray from the hose, and some apple treats and she was smiling   big ups to <propfirst> and <propfemale> for helping me tack up   smile "
"ugh  i feeli like smoking  i don't need to smoke   not withdrawl, it's just what i usually did  doesn't mean i have to now, it's just habit  not smoking means that i can  run and play as hard as i want, without gasping for air  i save money this way, and i won't smell like cigarettes   and again, i'll be able to run and play!"
"it's very hot today  103 right now, supposed to get to 105  tomorrow projected hight of 103  red brick in the back was poor planning - there is a reason that people make grills and outdoor ovens out of red brick "
the power is out and it's hoooot!
just finished cutting fabric for an apron   smile 
people
the morning news is just amazing  they are following <propfirst> lohan's trek to court from a helicopter 
"better is the enemy of good   \-voltaire"
"great riding weather today  had a beautiful ride on a spirited horse? naughty horse? hungry horse? pmsing horse? good horses, and great people   what more can i ask for?  smile "
"i want to post or link to the song psychotherapy by <propfemale>, but i can't find one! so just imagine   "
"thanking the powers that be for all the good things in my world, and there are plenty of them! went riding for the 3rd day in a row! fantastic horses, especially lady (thank you <propfemale>!), and great company!"
"went riding again today   may go again later  this morning i went up the hill, and part way around the little hill, before we turned back  lady was a little nervous, so i didn't push too much  she got frustrated with me because i made her stop and stand every time she decided it was time to go home  she was so good, considering we did something brand new,  so she got lots of stinky apple treats "
so tired 
"along with her own health issues, our friend <propfemale> has had \more devastating news  her father has cancer, and will not be with us \long  she will be needing to travel back to l a  to be with family soon,\ and because of her own health, she can't just pick up and go, and even \if she could, because of her circumstances, funds are limited "
"people change through life  if you find you don't like who they've become, wish them well  it's their journey, not yours   ---<propfemale> <propmale>"
good night boys and girls   smile 
took a short walk with the dogs   i really need to find patches' harness  he can wiggle out of his collar lickety split when he sees another dog 
does anyone here use voip for their phone service? who do you use? what do you think?
ho hum
i remember sleep 
stir crazy
tomorrow will be 08 09 10  anyone with a calendar knows this   but i am easily entertained   laugh 
so much to do   where to start?
"busy day today, but it's all good times  love these days!"
"my sister is feeling really sick tonight  please pray for her  chemo is such horrible, hopeful poison "
sweet dreams!
it's quiet tonight 
my pups and i are having a poo and a doo today! in other words - we are getting our hair done 
happy birthday mom! i love you!
strange day  busy night  getting ready 
"on our way! have been for a little while, just couldn't post  vegas was ok, way too crowded for me, it was nice spending time with <propfemale> and <propmale>   smile "
my name is <propfirst> <propmale> and i am a chicken 
it's a sleep thing   did you know that two medium smallish dogs take up more room than 2-3 adult size humans when the lights go out? can anyone e playful lain the physics of this to me?
i need a computer psychic! damn thing picks the worst time to start malfunctioning 
"the touchpad on my laptop is going out  i hope it's as easy to replace as the keyboard was  once the haze wears off, i'll get one ordered "
i made some very tasty cream of asparagus soup from scratch   all within the parameters set forth by a very wise man in a white coat  i am following the rules 
"going stir crazy  still not supposed to do stuff yet, but that became impossible as of yesterday "
anyone have a good recipe for california rolls? it has to be the kind where everything is chopped up into <propfemale> pieces 
this is what happens   
anyone want to pickup dinner and a few things at the grocery store for me?
"there are so many references to food on television shows and commercials  enough already!!!!  i have been eating pudding, broth, ice cream, protein drinks, slim fast, carnation instant breakfast, and jello  yesterday i added grits and think i'm going to have mashed potatoes tonight  i'm sick of it "
"i talked to <propfemale> today, and she sounds so much better! they did the surgery last night, and everything went as they e playful ected  thank you for the prayers and good thoughts!"
"as long as we observe love for others and respect for their rights and \dignity in our daily lives, then whether we are learned or unlearned, \whether we believe in the buddha or god, follow some religion or none at\ all, as long as we have compassion for others and conduct ourselves \with restraint out of a sense of responsibility, there is no doubt we \will be happy \\- dalai lama"
"i like it anywhere, but usually downstairs "
"flat bed is loading my car  pos that it is, anyone gonna be in the neighborhood tomorrow morning around 6 smile 0?"
it's sunday!
pb&j is off the list   sad 
on the kitchen table 
i have solved the pb&j dilemma!
"on hold with ca dmv, 12 minutes and haven't interacted with a human yet "
"after spending the day running errands and spending a fortune at the vet's office, it's up at 3 am   then the limo (<propfirst>) takes me to lax  still need to pack                     and sleep "
"kiska and i went to the vet so i could learn how to give him fluids subcutaneously  he was calm and cool, as usual, and it's going to be fairly easily to do it at home "
"i'm not handing out <propfemale> this year  my doggies don't need the stress of people lurking outside, and knocking and ringing the <propfemale>  i don't need leftover <propfemale> sitting around here   a movie is in my future  paranormal activity or hereafter  planning on going by myself, unless someone wants to join me "
"to my youngest spawn: you are 22! twenty two years old! trick or treating for beer is not a good thing, no matter how you look at it  after a certain age, it is scamming, even if you can pass for a much younger age "
just got the best hugs in the world! happy dancing and smiling from ear to ear!! safe and sound and smartass as ever 
dinner time 
"we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families  they are fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please repost this  it would be nice to see on everyone's wall"""
"my doggies are going to visit their pop for a few days, starting tomorrow  i know that they couldn't be in better hands, but, i am usually the one to leave them behind when i travel to the midwest, now they are leaving me behind  mum has separation anxiety already  lol "
i wish the fireplace worked  or the hot tub heater  its cold!
"i need to buy a new inkjet printer  a wireless, ine playful ensive, all in one, with a flat scanner, that doesn't devour ink "
"military plane just flew over, and not all that high up  i wonder where it came from   only one plane, and not a fighter, but a larger one  it sounded like it was going to take off a few shingles   \\maybe for veteran's day, but it was more like a cargo plane or something like that "
"happy veteran's day, and thank you, to all of our vets "
first day i have spent at home without my dogs  it's too quiet 
"pc battery is completely dead, and for whatever reason, the ac adapter is not working at all  i need to print a resume!\\grumble grumble"
my enchiladas  are too spicy   sad 
"my doggies are home! balance has been restored  they musta had fun, because they are both sleeping now "
"i finally got the door apart on my car  it took me a lot longer this time, but i did it! then locked myself out of the house  i managed to find a way in that didn't involve scaling a wall, shimmying across a roof, then hopping an iffy wooden rail   i could still do that if i needed to, though  just sayin   "
hello world!  smile 
"my dentist and his staff are so much fun!  yep, i said it  also great at dentistry  dr  chapple, baseline & archibald in rancho "
"breathe  let go  and remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure \\ ~ \     oprah winfrey"
thinking about last thanksgiving and how very grateful i am for having had that time with family 
"dinner turned out well, and the three of us are stuffed!"
"question: remember in the late 70s, early 80s, when there was a vehicle that was like a small truck, but had seats in the bed part of the truck, facing the back of the truck? what was it called?"
this afternoon has been very trying 
"coulda, woulda, shoulda  <----- thoughts that need to go!"
"<propfirst> is booping patches on the nose, and he's loving it "
the bright elusive butterfly of love will not leave my head  argh!
happy hanukkah to my friends who begin their celebration today 
\one\,a462df365868f80ac76f5f0b7a8c1722,"filled with kindness, and love  gentle in spirit, and in life  depth, intensity, open heart and open mind  playful and sweet and lover of animals and the planet "
i ask this of the universe: really? why?
"as of tomorrow, i will no longer have a home phone number  if you don't have my cell number, send me a message "
how does one release fear when bad things are happening?
"i am selling my motorcycle if anyone is interested  it is a 1999 <propmale> davidson sportster  if you'd like to know more, message me "
"oh baby, baby, its a wild world  its hard to get by just upon a smile "
the sunroom is flooding 
nap time!
something tells me that there will no viewing of the eclipse tonight 
buying more sand bags  evidently i don't have enough stress in my life 
woo hoo!
"it's hard to believe that an entire year has passed since you left us, dad  i love you!"
walking to    i don't know yet 
"called the adjuster and they are sending a tow truck to take my car in and give me an estimate  \\i really wish the motorcycle didn't make me so nervous "
"my car is gone  insurance co said it would most likely total it because the airbags deployed, and it isn't cost effective to replace them  sigh "
"auto insurance, health insurance, at&t ---morning headache   arghhh!!!"
it's 39 degrees outside  brrrrr!!
clarity please 
car shopping  ugh!
my attorney is <propfemale> effing believable 
the search is over  a volkswagen passat will be coming to live in my garage   smile 
good grief! what did my dog eat?
goodnight <propfemale>! its been a long day   smile 
"\who is <propmale> <propmale> again?\""\",a462df365868f80ac76f5f0b7a8c1722,"let the moment be as big as it wants to be   let it be organic and unformed, shaping itself "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head  lets raise awareness "
help! i need a jump start   sad 
"miss <propfirst> forgot her phone at home this morning  if you need me, send me a message, and i'll try to get back on and check them  happy sunday everyone! it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood "
"does anyone here have a girl scout selling cookies, or know someone who does?"
sweet sound   listening to the sound of kiska and patches' sleeping peacefully 
it is way past my bedtime! spent the last couple hours on emusic  its so easy to get caught up in the music 
"i misplaced something, and its driving me nuts! love to find it, although its nothing urgent, or irreplaceable, it still drives me to distraction "
"it is one of the most beautiful compensations in life that no man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself \ ~ <propmale> <propmale> <propmale>"
"i am selling my motorcycle, in case anyone is interested  it's a 1999 <propmale> davidson sportster, 883  the shocks area bit shorter, to accommodate my petite frame, but i still have the originals  they were relatively easy to change "
30 minutes early for a movie  flargh!
"everybody is a genius  but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid \— <propfirst> einstein"
"this is a long shot, but i'll ask anyway  will anyone in my local area be around tomorrow morning before 10, and be willing to do a small favor?"
$4 09 gallon for gas this afternoon   sad 
"here we are   again  is anyone going to be around this area tomorrow morning?\   sad "
