30c24f83e965abfae003fd171b574536
to my friends: just because i don't talk to you doesn't mean i don't miss you  i'm just shit at keeping in touch  sorry guys 
why that says gadgets and gizmos i have no idea but check the link    senator <propmale> sessions    how'd he get his job?
i could spout my opinion on the sotomayor hearings but right now i don't think they would come out in a constructive manner so i'm going to keep my mouth shut 
food  and noooo it's not cuz i'm a big girl  i'm actually hungry ok? lmao
10 <propfemale> research paper due sunday    <propfemale>s done    1  i do my best work at the last minute   
fb friend suggestion- cheese pizza  do they know me or do they know me?
i'm all late but thank you to everyone for the happy bday wishes!!
is it sad that my favorite use for fb and twitter is to enter contests?
sleep    got in a little while ago from vegas    yea  that drive sucks   
happy thanksgiving! hope everyone has a great day with their loved ones!!
hope everyone had a blessed and <propfemale> christmas!
happy new year fb fam!!! i pray that your new year is blessed and that you wear the scars of your past like stripes instead of baggage  much love!!  laugh 
packing  flight out at 11 something  i can (probably) finish by then   
fawc: <propfirst> b is doing a free99 show tonight at <propmale> & young plaza (7th and fig) 6-7:15 (and goapele will be there same time same place next wed)
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!!  laugh 
i swear some of these pics on here    15 years old with tats and piercings cuz they mamas and daddys wanna be their friends  smh
the backstage artist lounge i'm most excited to see eminem and blink 182 at epicenter  i can't pick just one     
lanee <propmale> pledges to support breast cancer awareness with wordlock!
i would love to know what dwts viewers are smoking    
i can't even hate on the lake show this time cuz <propmale> messed themselves up  they should've had that game    
tangled is such a cute movie! go see it in 3d  thanks <propfemale>!
is it friday yet?
snow is not the bizness   
<propfemale> christmas! hope everyone has a great day with family friends!!! and remember the reason for the season!!
is so happy to be on spring break! no work for a week!
what am i gonna do with a baby?      sad 
