df97d41666db7a47bcc5799ce67c0e05
[[[thinks that time is a waste of life and life is a waste of time so why don't we all just get wasted and have the time of our lives]]]    smile  iiihappy new years!!!  smile 
"men love white, blonde girls with big boobs and <propfemale> bodies   such as cheer leaders and models  if you're man enough to admit this is true, like this status "
bombist party ever    
glow sticks haha    
no sleep   amazing night! bombist party! had fun playing with glowsticks and painting people with glowstick juice    playful  this is one birthday i won't forget   thank you everyone!!!
"it took two weeks to decorate, but it only took a few hours to trash everything  laugh  a party aint a party without the mess!"
wow really? school tomorrow   
woke up at 2:15pm =o what a waste of my day  
does not feel good because she accidently had a little too much sleep    sad 
i have the strangest dreams   
woke up @ the same time as the sun   what do i do now??
monroe  died of suicide?
never was and never will be  smile 
shopping then eating @ <propmale>'s
zomg   my phone!
"playing some rock band  tennis later, maybe"
welcome to the neighborhood  >;}
outtt
together we can make it through this day  
on her girly side today =p
zomg this is just unbelievable  a high school student walks on stage to receive his well-earned diploma and blows a kiss to his mom  click on the link to read what happens next    http annoyed  buzz yahoo com buzzlog 92681?#comments
should probably go to sleep =p
there is absolutly nothing to do today   
whats the point of going to sleep  if i can't even fall asleep till <propfemale>??? no wonder i'm so low on energy 
packing  smile 
gone  be back on the 27th  smile 
goodnight! from the cayman islands  smile  today was great! we went snorkeling for hours then went to the beach  <propfemale> happy  plans for tomorrow  swimming w dolphins? stingray city??? w e i was wrong about this place  laugh 
xx :~*^paradise^*~: xx
wants to put pics of her trip up soon  smile 
i don't think i've ever felt like this before  : kiss ~{[paradise]}~*:: 
"says,\it's good to be home  \""  smile """
<propfirst> jackson   whyyy!!?
"the only person who gives a ---- about you, is you  if you stop caring about yourself  well  there's nothing anyone's going to do "
probably going to go for a walk run
  i guess i should go to sleep now lol
"wants to make a \how well do you know me quiz\""  but is afraid of what ppl will answer"""
needs to suck it up and stop crying about how lousy she thinks she is  seriously 
i should suck it up for once     smile oh and i finally get to start gymnastics tomorrow!
isn't as sad anymore  and she can't wait gym  tomorrow!  laugh 
will be back @ 8ish  smile 
is going to be sore tomorrow
give up my ways  and i could be anything 
will be playing tennis if anyone else is going   smile 
randomly wants to shout: <propfirst> trainer is awesome!!!  smile  smile  smile 
"\i cry when angels deserve to die\""---chop suey"""
 smile   love  happy 4th of july!  love   smile 
for the first time in years i think i'm actually sick   it must be in my head  i never get sick lol =p
is not sick =p hahaha i don't get sick 
i wish i knew then what i know now   
gymnastics till about 8pm  smile 
so  they made us do embarrassing dance moves today in gymnastics  lol i still feel riducualus 
is going to take a walk   smile 
is bored to tears   seriously 
i'm tired of being what you want me to be   
watching natgeo   interesting shows   
going shopping l8ter! call 920-232-0747 (home) to join  smile 
is getting hungry a lot  sad 
feels guilty about not giving her dog a walk today so that's what she's doing  be back in 10-20 <propfemale>  smile 
"watching \i now prounounce you <propmale> and larry\""  smile """
is going swimming today  smile 
i just want so scream like crazy 
uh   tired  hopefully tomorrow will be better 
i don't know what to feel   
going shopping today  
"once upon a time man and his son were videotaping their new hampster playing in the world outdoors  \look at him  he's so little\""   \""yeah he is a cute little guy isn't he  \"" and out of the blue comes this bird who sweeps the hampster up and flies away to """
9 out of 10 of the voices in my head say i'm not crazy   i had to kill the 10th one because she didn't agree  now we're all happy  smile 
"if you live in wisconsin, you know that it is possible to get hypothermia in the middle of august  playful "
"\illumination held out in front of my reaching arms  the darker things get the better i see  i'm so alone and so are you  we all live and die that way  \"""""
"\you're not a boy or a girl   you're arjun\""---ishani"""
i feel like i'm falling as i write this message  with tingling fingers and a churning stomach  my brain is being flooded with my own blood   it's a freaky feeling  it seems like the world has stopped spinning but i'm still moving   weightless  confused   desperate  alone
forgive me for being sensitive  for showing my emotions   for having strong emotions over you  i tried to be good   but i wasn't good enough  i'm sorry 
i don't care if you have the whole world at your feet  i will never bow down to you  
dreamland   here i come!  laugh 
your tears don't fall  they crash around me 
i don't know where i'll go   but i can't stay where i don't belong   
life is lonely  being used and neglected everyday   
is super duper tired  smile 
life is too long   
ouch! i just burnt a layer of my skin completely off!
even if the sky is falling down
"no matter what, let them know you care  because i will only be able to sleep at night, with a smile upon their face  smile "
"when you laugh, the world laughs with you  when you cry   you cry alone   "
just realized that everything is an hour behind   wow   lol
"you are the antidote that gets me by, something strong like a drug that got me high   "
"there's not one girl here that will be led by her concious, in a world where every girl wants to be a model  "
nine out of ten of the voices in my head say i'm not crazy  i had to kill the last one because it didn't agree  now we're all happy  smile 
being fitted for a new white jacket  not really impressed with the sleeves   they tie at the back   what up with that??? and why are you smiling?----headache   and had one too many chocolate candies  smile 
"there are three types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch what happened, and those who have no clue what happened   smile "
good judgement comes from bad e playful erience   which comes from bad judgement   smile 
is more confused than a baby at a topless beach   laugh 
i wonder how many people are actually going to take the time to read this    lol
"may be a bitch, however a bitch is a dog     a dog barks     a bark is a tree     tree is nature     nature is beautiful! thanks!"
due to health and safety this status has been removed  for more information please press alt + f4  thank you for your cooporation 
"congrats! you now have the opporitunity to descibe me in any 2 words  laugh  it can be good or bad, be honest! oh and to make things more interesting, the two words have to start with the letters of your initails  smile "
i swear to drunk i'm not god!
"i don't get it   why is life giving everyone lemons? i'm sitting here with a grapefruit thinking, \what the hell?\"""""
"the reason people find it hard to be happy is they see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be "
thinks she has ados: attention deficet ooooo shiny!
"ugh! why is it that when you see a wet paint sign, you just have to touch it to see if it's really wet???"
"everyday, monday-friday, i go to school  and everyday when i get home, i see my adorable little beagle run up to me with her ears flapping in the wind and her tail wagging at 90 <propmale> per hour "
"facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the <propfemale>  it actually works no joke!"
how did someone realize that you could milk a cow? and what did they think they were doing to the cow in the first place?!
"the eyes will see what you want them to see and the ears will hear what you want them to hear, but the heart only feels what's real "
dream your dreams with eyes wide open and watch them come alive   
"is sitting at the edge of a cliff   watching the sun set  and as the final rays fall to the ground, she prays that they take her with them   "
"good judgement comes from bad e playful erience, which comes from bad judgement   smile "
the hardest battle in life is the battle to be you 
"all the peices falling shatter   shards of me, too sharp to put back together   too small to matter but big enough to cut me into so many little peices   "
thinks that life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life  so we should all get wasted and have the time of our lives! (this is just a joke!)
lol you know you're frim oshkosh when you see kids walking backwards on their way to school because the oshkosh area school district is the only onel to stay open when it's cold and <propfemale>    
meep  smile 
dreams are so much better than reality   so why can't i just stay sleeping?
wondering if crabs think we walk sideways haha
"men: stop complaining about how emotional and conservative women r  u aren't the ones being forced to <propfemale> 30+ pounds with u for 9 months only to go through hours of labor  oh, and do u get periods? we women have to wake up extra early everyday to wax, shave, and tame our long hair  men truely have it easy  their bodies are all the same except for height  while womens bodies vary completely "
new years resolution?  hmm  
"another year has passed \ damn, time flies  in about 2 days and 56 minutes, i will be exactly 17 years old  that's just a year shy of being a legal adult   "
watching the twilight zone marathon with my sister smile 
"birthday shopping with my mom and sister, then going home to bake me a cake laugh "
"had 4 hours of sleep in the last 2 days  surprise  yeah, i'm going crazy  playful "
"shawty shawty shawty seriously i wanna meet this chick she must know a lot of rappers  playful  (honestly, wtf is a shawty?)"
speech on vegetarianism!   yay?
"the average male today has a 50% <propmale> of dying from heart disease   that number drops down to 15% if he just cuts out meat   and goes down to 4% if he cuts out all animal bi-products  the average bone loss for a vegetarian woman is 18%, but for a non-veg  woman it is double that "
"life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what is going to happen next "
lithium  laugh   playful 
"i don't suffer from my addiction to <propfemale> <propfirst>, i enjoy every second of it  smile "
"i am not going to live forever, i will not waste time lamenting what could have been, or worrying about what will be "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
i love the way you say my name  
"call me mr  flinstone, i can make your bed rock"
well   if we don't have a snow day tomorrow then i'm still not going to school  smile 
wonders if the people changing facebook are just bored or having a manic episode   
sooo  as i was cleaning the basement i found an old project i did in 1999   i must have been blind or something because apparently my mom is 60 years old with blonde hair and blue eyes  lol hopefully i'll find some more old homework assignments and stuff  smile 
"oops i'm sorry, i forgot that it isn't about the music   it's about how hot the singer is "
"\a dog truly is man's best friend  don't believe me? lock your girlfriend and your dog in the trunk of your car (with air holes)   open it 2 hours later then see who's happy to see you \"""""
"i don't suffer from my addiction to <propfemale> <propfirst>, i enjoy every second of it!"
"and maybe tonight, we'll fly so far away  we'll be lost before the <propfemale>"
"i look into the mirror   only to see a pair of eyes that aren't mine, but yours  creepy, isn't it?"
"i miss the good old days  back when i was in elementary school, we didn't have boyfriends, ipod touches, or cell phones  being outside and actually being active was fun! video games were simple and had the worst (but cutest) graphics  and waking up on a saturday morning to watch cartoons was the highlight of the day   "
i could use a hug  sad  and someone to talk to? chat or text 312-1335
"before you make any stupid decision, ask yourself: am i doing what's right for my future? am i prepared to face the consequences?  love "
<---what happened to the smiley face in my name? oh well i think this looks kind of cute  playful 
so   alice in wonderland was sold out  sad  but i got to watch avatar  smile  what a beautiful movie    it makes me sad knowing real life can't be like that  sad  but wow! so pretty  love 
"can't wash it all away can't wish it all away can't cry it all away can't scratch it all away can't fight it all away can't hope it all away can't scream it all away  oh, it all away  "
had a dream about having a two hour delay   because some other schools had one yesterday  and look what we have  laugh 
i still remember the world from the eyes of a child  slowly those feelings were clouded by what i know now  love 
"without the mask, where will you hide? can't find yourself, lost in your lie  "
i have grown so weary of this life i live  
"all of my hate cannot be found  i will not bound by your thoughtless scheming  now, you can try to tear me down  beat me to the ground, i will see you screaming  "
"goodnight, sleep tight; no more tears; in the morning i'll be here; and when we say goodnight, dry your eyes; because we said goodnight and not goodbye; we said goodnight  "
rewrote her about me   smile  totally different 
got a lot of shit off her chest 
"roses are red, violets are blue   daisies are yellow, i hate you   "
feels suicidal  
"make me never ever wake again  and maybe tonight, we'll fly so far away  we'll be lost before the <propfemale>  "
"cuz nobody cared and nobody cried  nobody loved and nobody lied  nobody shared and swallowed their pride  when will we see the day, that nobody died?"
"i'm sick of trying and i'm sick of crying  yeah i'm smiling, but inside i'm dying  "
"i won't cry, i won't give up, i can't go back now!"
i hate mood swings!! my mood is all fajumbled up!
i don't like hot weather 
"is saying goodbye to the treadmill, which has wreacked her kness, and saying hello to the sun  smile  gonna go for a walk run with the beagle and pack for <propfirst> "
ugh easter  i want to go shopping today but most stores are closed  oh well tommorrow we will shop bright n' early at <propfirst>' malls   smile 
has no other choice  but to go on a strict diet until she can find some place to work out 
"is in some big, super fancy and e playful ensive store for <propmale> people in downtown <propfirst>, because her mom had to go to the bathroom  why is everyone wearing a suit and tie?"
indian women   
"i wish it was raining here  sad  well, i wish it would rain at night  smile "
"spent a large chunk of her day at the mall  i'd say that's time well spent, wouldn't you if you went to a large mall with an  ice rink and hotel?"
you're subject to fines and or imprisionment for making ugly faces at dogs in oklahoma 
"the feeling you get after sneezing is caused by all your bodily functions stopping, even your heart "
<propfemale> used to be the richest country in the world until the british invasion in the 17th century  haha im obviously bored  
the <propfemale> over the letter ''i'' is called a tittle   smile 
<propmale> is way different then galeria   
is shopping at the <propmale> mall  way way different than the galeria mall!
something weird happens in <propfirst> every 2 minutes  
2 huge 18 wheelers just crashed!!! it looks horrible and there's lots of fire  cool  smile 
is leaving at midnightish tonight  i'm kind of looking forward to the drive but i don't want to leave <propfirst> 
"i'm getting a lot of strange calls  either they don't say anything, or they ask for someone named ''<propmale>''  who the hell is named <propmale> anymore?"
is going to stay in <propfirst> for one more day! yay  smile 
the declaration of independence was written on hemp paper 
an ant always falls on its right side when intoxicated 
gonna see <propfemale> in wonderland   i  love  <propmale>  <propmale> 
''there's a plus side to everything '' ''mhm  and then  there's plus sizes''
"you know what's really funny? everyone on the internet is getting way too grammer freaky  if you say ''your'' or ''ur'' instead of ''you're'', then you're ''illiterate''  wow  of course i hate <propfemale> ppl tak lke dis but for god's sake, it's the internet!"
"stopped in a town named dickyville, wi  lawlz  wink  sleeping in the car is nearly impossible for me   and very uncomfortable  i can't wait to hear the sound of our gps saying, ''arriving to destination on right!''  smile "
so i guess i won't be home until 1:10 am 
the voices in my head tell me you're crazy 
[[life screws us all and spares no one ]] not in the mood for any shit   
"[[life is a bitch  that's the way it was meant to be   because   in the end, no okne's going to survive anyway ]]"
[[don't solve a temporary problem with a permanent solution ]]
"[[i'm strong on the surface, not all the way through   i've never been perfect, but neither have you ]]"
"[[you have to speak to be heard   but, sometimes you have to be silent to be appreciated ]]"
did anyone else see the sky last night?
"why do most trashy white people pick on me for having dark skin  when in reality, they are the ones who tan until they look like they suffer from severe jaundice? jealouse much? i think so    annoyed  (excuse my spelling)"
you ever notice how guys are only nice to pretty women?
"holy shit!                      if you took the time to read this, please 'like' it  smile "
60 laps on the pacer! i think that deserves a treat!
[[i believe that dreams are sacred   take my darkest fears and play them like a lullaby  ]]
do you know how hard it is to keep myself from smashing your face in?
"farm ville should grow a bunch of weed then sell it to mafia wars, who'll sell it in yo ville then yo ville will get the munchies and go to cafe world   smile "
"sleep   taking me under it's spell, to a place where i can create my own happy ending    smile  soooo tired   "
"[[i can feel the night beginning, separate me from the living  ]]"
"music has a huge impact on my life   today i decided to listen to some old songs from my past   the emotions that swept through me as i listened    left me speechless, sad and a little panicky   i can't even e playful lain it in words   only music  "
"[[if i bleed, i bleed   and i breathe, i breathe no more  ]]"
[[my ghosts are gaining on me  ]]
schizophrenia might not be so bad  
"whoever decided to put an \s\"" in the word \""lisp\"" is an evil genious   > smile """
"if a guy says you're hot, he's probably talking about your body   if a guy says you're cute, then he's probably talking about your face   but if a guy says you're beautiful, he's talking about you "
now i just realized i hadn't eaten at all today o o
is a little disappointed in someone    annoyed 
fear is only in our minds  
"they try her on for a size she fits nice, one size fits all  "
"i look at her in that paper dress  i wonder why she won't burn  she's just a paper doll, that's all  just a paper doll "
"when they all come crashing down, midflight, you know you're not the only one  when they're so alone, they find a back door out of life, you know you're not the only one "
"[[i'm strong on the surface   not all the way through  i've never been perfect, but neither have you  ]]"
[[and i'm still waiting for the rain to fall   pouring life down on me  ]] i love <propfemale> weather  smile 
"[[forget this life, come with me, don't look back you're safe now   unlock you're heart, drop your guard, no one's left to stop you]]"
"[[if i can't feel, i'm not alive, i'm not real  ]]"
"saddness is controlled by you  you can only be as happy as you allow yourself to be   so when people tell you to ''ignore it'' or ''suck it up and smile'', they're really only trying to help you  you can teach yourself to view the world from another perspective  it just takes time and practice "
"the weather is nice, but my feet are freezing! gonna take a super hot shower, then i'm off to the humane society  smile "
"while everyone else is going to prom, i'll be chillin at home   smile "
"[[making fiends making fiends, vendetta's always making fiends   making fiends, while <propfemale> makes friends]]  smile "
i love dogs more than i can tolerate most humans  smile 
i've lost my mind  a reward will be given to anyone who finds it  smile 
"while you scream at your woman, there's a manwishing he could speak softly in her ear  while you humiliate, offendand insult her, there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is  while you hurt your woman, there's a man wishing hecould make love to her  while you make your woman cry, there's a man stealingsmiles from her  post this on your wall if you're against domestic"
"devastated  i hope to god that my parents don't get too mad  let's just say that all my music literally just went down the drain  the only thing that's left is a broken mp3 player  that smells like gain detergent   man, losing your mp3 player is like losing your identity! i really hope my parents understand!  "
my luck hit rock bottom when i found my mp3 player in the washing machine last night   but it rocketed sky-high today when some money got stuck to the bottom of my shoe! i think i should save it  just in case my parents forgive me and let me buy a new one   but  what if they don't?
hahaha! my mom got lost while driving me back from the oahs    (and she goes there 4x a week!) i think she needs a gps   you never know what will happen while you're in oshkosh!
umm why's life giving everyone lemons? i'm sitting here with a grapefruit thinkin ''wtf?''
omg! my mp3 player works! headphones and everything! now i have $21 and  an mp3 player!  laugh 
[tgif!] i haven't been feeling like myself lately  
feelin' like a freak on a leash 
"lol is <propfemale> seriously my friend on facebook? since when? that's hilarious  laugh  why do people add as many \friends\"" as they can? it's not myspace   """
is in a great mood  laugh  going shopping in a lil bit to buy some new jeans   mine ripped at the ass  sad  lmfao i thought it was funny though  playful 
"i just realized something   manniquins are size 5   they look very thin  now i wonder  when i was a size 0, what did i look like? why did i do that to myself?! that's so gross!"
"holister and abercrombie: overpriced clothing, no lights, too much perfume, and their clothes are all the same color--navy blue, blue, white, and very rarely they'll have some pinks or greens "
doesn't anyone sell good jeans these days?
spent 2 and 1 2 hours at the mall and came out empty handed  sad 
''what about those poems you used to write about death and dispair?'' ''i still write   (points to her ceiling)'' ''(turns to wife) i'm pretty sure we can have her committed for this   ''
i hate my skin sooo much right now!
"wtf? i'm always hungry but it seems like the more i eat, the more weight i lose   o o am i sick or something?"
big boobs don't count if you're fat  <---finally someone has the guts to say it!
hate is a strong word  i really hate school! next year imma be taking fun classes  smile  not this useless sh*t
i don't like the weather very much   and it doesn't seem like me either   playful 
i have a feeling that if i met me i'd kill myself hahaha
''i only like white people and feather indians ''---you know who you are   you think i've forgotten?  
it's too hot ):
yuck  the one plus side to being white---when you tan at least you look  ok(unless you tan too much)  and don't give me that sunburn crap because you can always wear sunblock sheesh  
i'd like to get my hands on the chicas that always take my sized clothing 
damn you  eating pizza alone   i think i just ate too much ):
you're like a demon in disguise 
tgif!!!
"you make me smile like the sun, fall out of bed, sing like a bird, dizzy in my head, spin like a record, crazy on a sunday night   "
\a little girl was dying of cancer and her younger brother had a match for the bone marrow she needed \,df97d41666db7a47bcc5799ce67c0e05,"why is it okay to leave your dog(s) is a hot car, but it's abuse if you do that to your child? isn't a dog just as helpless as an infant?"
waaooo they sell huge  lighters at shell   they're enormous!
just got back from my physical appt   apparently my height has decreased  ?
"for the decades project: how much longer does your presentation have to be if you're doing an extra topic? (mine is fashion and fads, 1970's)  comment if you have mrs  piddington "
what the hell is formspring????
i feel like i eat too much   
umm   you're not black or gangster so stop calling your white friends niggas 
there are some sick and twisted people out there   
17 hours of sleep just one night messed up my entire sleep pattern   
just gave my dog a bath then a walk to dry her fur    she smells and looks pretty smile  i  love  dogs  
"i know i've probably said this already, but, i love dogs more than i can tolerate most humans "
i wish school would pass by as quickly as the weekend did 
is having ''one of those days '' haha
"work on my book talk, math homework, and decades project   or go for a run and catch up on some much-needed sleep?"
it feels sooo nice outside! smile 
left school at 10 smile 0 and slept for a good 5 1 2 hours
rain? rain! laugh 
it's hard to diet when the only food at home is junk food   
wow  why even bother coming to school if we're just going to sit around while all the seniors take their final exams? i wish i had my mp3 player arrg  
i love the smell of rain on a cool day smile 
someone thought i was wearing dark makeup today   i'm not  i'm just really tired so my eyelids are dark lol
"yuck   the o room is so messy   there's food and crumbs all over the place   it's so gross! i'm not moving from my spot   my clean, crumbless, dry spot  not moving  at all  even if a tornado comes swirlinng our way  i still have 40 minutes of this torture left   "
i eat when i'm bored  crying 
going for a walk smile 
gym final tomorrow smile 
why didn't i opt out of english? whyy?
gym final--easy peasy 
done with finals today--no finals tomorrow!  laugh 
no finals tomorrow means that i can spend more time at the humane society!  laugh  yay!        i have no life 
"did you know <propfemale> <propfirst> won \sexiest female\"" during the kerrang! awards? i love you <propfemale>!"""
"hi, my name is _______  i started smoking crack when i was 12, robbed a bank a year later   and killed my mama once i turned 15  i'm here to help you smile "
singapore metal music is intense!
"i love this weather  <propfemale> one day, cloudy the next, rain the day after   and the pattern just continues smile "
just got done walking dogs   in the rain 
schools out but i'm not as happy as i thought i would be   something's wrong here 
this might sound a bit strange   but i kind of want to get into body building   i'm going to start by going for a run now smile 
"is doing a little e playful eriment: i let my hair go natural for just one hour (this includes not putting it in a ponytail to keep it from getting frizzy)  well, that didn't go well  it got all frizzy and i ended up looking like a poodle  so, i put in some leave-in conditioner, mouse, and hairspray  did that help? no  i guess the only way i can wear my hair is in a ponytail and completely straightened sad  i hate my hair!!!"
"school=sleepiness, sleep deprivation, laziness  summer=sleepless nights and short days   because i sleep halfway through the day and stay up half the night "
watching deadly women smile 
"''when the <propmale> wage war, it's the poor who die ''"
each nihgt gets worse abd worse   i can't sleep!!!  surprise 
"[note to self: keep your phone away and hidden when your drunk, high, sleepy, or all of the above  ] can't sleep  i had a wicked dream the night before and i want to dream it again  "
i'm not ashamed to say that my best friend is a beautiful beagle named <propfemale>   love 
i work out sooo much  why am i still jiggly?
time to shed some pounds smile 
sigh    
pissed off    i hate ignorant people  
"i may be argumentative at times, but that's just who i am  i don't hate you or anything  in fact i don't care if someone doesn't agree with me  i'm trying to work on my   aggressiveness lol smile "
"sat on the deck  listened to the sounds of the waves, the wind, and the rain overhead while lighting flashed on the other side of the lake like a lightshow love "
"the weather was so jacked up  one side of the lake was <propfemale> and calm, the other side was foggy, <propfemale>, rainy  and i swear i saw snow and a tornado  wtf "
humane society smile 
umm there's a random puddle of water in the basement  weird? that storm was amazing! perfect for hide-n-seek in the dark during sleep overs hahaha it was scary fun!!
finally changed my profile picture smile 
changed my pic again! ???
"going for a run now, breakfast later, humane society at 6, then sawdust days at around 7 to whatever time   text or call 312-1335 for plans smile "
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? i could really use a wish right now   
"hm   if god really exsists, then why does he make me feel so alone?"
"i'm not afraid to take a stand  everybody come take my hand  we'll walk this road together, through the storm  what ever weather, cold or warm  just let you know that, you're not alone  holla if you feel that you've been down the same road "
makeup is over-rated   i feel 1000 times better without it smile 
"i hate withdrawal   i keep getting hungry and sick   and i want cheesecake on a stick, dipped in hot milk chocolate annoyed "
re-wrote all my info   i change too often haha
"you're too important for anyone   you play the role of all you long to be  but i, i know who you really are  you're the one who cries when you're alone "
omg! storm!  laugh  going to the mall  buying a swimsuit laugh 
i have big lips surprise 
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn   that's alright, because i like the way it hurts "
"i have to go, it's time for me to fly   "
he promised forever  but there's no forever  only now   
i want to go sky diving without a parachute   
this hurts so much  i hate seeing her happy little love statuses  they're killing me heart-broken 
i   need   chocolate milk!  surprise 
"i remember i had a profile pic   just like her's when we started dating  everything's resolved and we're still friends, but the pain is still there   this is going to take a while  "
going the humane society to walk dogs in the storm    smile 
wtf how come everyone's power is out (including the hospitol!) but ours?!
spent about a good hour or two out in the rain with my dog haha   saw an awesome tornado across the lake from us   kick  ass 
i think i'm pretty muh soaked to the core lol
i love the feeling of getting out of cold wet clothes and into warm dry pj's laugh 
i swear   was that redish pink lightning i just saw? that's different 
i wish they would make spf 500000 to keep skin from tanning   
stupid long drives   only 6 more hours to go  
spent about 50 minutes out in the badlands  and holy f*ck it is hot! a whopping 100 degrees   if the temp  dropped 50 degrees i'd probably stay longer   
is spending the night in rapid city smile 
just learned that the rocks i like to sit and climb on   were massive gravestones  and lake beu des morts means hill of death   which i live on!
going to sleep now   waking up at 3 smile 0 to drive to glacier national park 
12 hour drive to glacier national park   
these wounds won't seem to heal   this pain is just to real   there's just too much that time cannot erase   crying 
"when you cried, i'd wipe away all of your tears   when you screamed, i'd fight away all of your fears   "
at glacier national park smile  putting up pics soon
hiked for four <propmale> on a beautiful trail and saw the prettiest lake and a big mountain with waterfalls running down it   pics later 
nature is beautiful smile 
woot woot! we spotted a bear!
spotted two bears within 5 minutes!
went on another long hike in the mountains   very tough but it was fun smile  we saw lots of wild animals and snowww!
"i hope you die of a broken heart, like i'm dying of one right now    heart-broken "
"i hope you die of a broken heart   like i am now   i know i should be happy because we're still friends  but i cry because i know that, that's all we ever will be  if i could go back in time to show you how much i cared i would  i'd do anything  baby, i miss you heart-broken "
"can't wash it all away,\can't wish it all away  \can't cry it all away,\can't scratch is all away  \can't fight it all away  \can't hope it all away   \can't scream it all away  oh it all away  \i miss you   "
ziplining!
just drove past a tornadooo
putting up some pics  
today i met the cutest little ground squirl!! i named her peanut because she loves eating peanuts and almonds laugh  i miss you peanut!!
i met a sweet deer at glacier national park too  she was <propfemale> sweet and kind  i didn't know what to call her though lol
finally reached the hotel!
is in yellowstone park smile 
"saw a grizzly bear, elk and bison laugh "
"frozen inside without your touch, without your love, darling   only you are the life among the dead   "
watching ''one flew over the cuckoo's nest''   omg such a good movie laugh 
likes glacier park just a bit more  than yellowstone  
saw hundreds of bison running around in the wild  
who cares?
nobody cares  no one will ever care  we just live n die for nothing 
people do care 
perfect temp in yellowstone   67 degrees and cloudy smile  too bad i wore shorts today lol
saw a grizzly bear   with babies!
i've gotten so tan   annoyed 
saw lots of bears haha
"i'm starting to see a lot of people who 'i' feel look just like me   which is sad, very sad because i find them very un-attractive lmao"
i have a lot of jogging and dieting to do once i get back home   long drives suck  
is more confused than a baby at a topless beach  
"ok  we left the hotel at around 4am and we'll be back home at around 4am too  oh well, the long drive is worth it because after this i'll finally be able to sleep in my own bed  smile "
wow  my phone works better in the middle of no where than it does in oshkosh 
i'm      the odd one  smile 
i desperately want to know the name of the song they play in the background of courage the cowardly dog--the tower of dr  zalost   it's the most beau-ti-ful unhappy song i've ever heard smile 
"call yourself a coolcat, lookin like a fool  "
i'm crazy smile 
"we've been great friends for years and i thought i actually knew you  but, when you're around your other friends you turn into someone else and i can't stand it  i'm sick of being hurt and humiliated  i'm sorry for being so harsh but enough was enough   you know who you are and i hope you understand "
you're girlfriend is very handsome playful 
listening to bands i haven't listened to in years   i'm having flashbacks haha
"like this status and i'll tell you what i like about you, dislike about you, my first impression about you and a confession about you smile  because i have nothing else to do at 11 surprise 7 pm"
"haha wow   i pretty much just woke up  a large chunk of my day, wasted on one hell of a nightmare  gr "
smorz cereal smile 
i could really use a wish right now   
facedown-red jumpsuit apparatus
so  incredibly  bored 
"my dreams keep getting more realistic, and it's really starting to freak me out "
"trying to make a fat person look skinny with little photo shopping e playful erience is a tough job   but seriously, it's worth it smile "
"perfect by nature, icons of self indulgence  just what we all need, more lies about a world that never was and never will be  "
at the maallll smile 
spent 5 hours and 45 minutes at the mall o o why is it so freaking crowded there today?
"today, while shopping, i noticed that my favorite shampoo and conditioner were on sale  the lable on them read, ''buy 1 liter of shampoo and 1 liter of conditioner for only $30, an $11 95 value!'' um, are they on drugs?"
"needs to stop waking up so late  oh well, at least i got up before 3 haha"
"suddenly, i'm addicted to peanut butter   i don't recall ever liking peanut butter before  o o"
damnit! i hurt my hand because the power decided to go out while i was on the tredmill sad  this is yet another reason why i hate summer!
does anyone know how long the power should be out?
"from what i hear, power should be restored within 4-6 hours   but to restore power to everyone  well that could take all night because the substation or whatever blew up and there's a blazin fire going on down there  "
the lights keep teasing me   sad 
i think the power is back on for real now!! laugh 
i want to go sky diving     smile 
feeling better now smile 
"wow, i woke up earlier than usual today  even though it's noon, it would still make sense if i said good morning  right? haha  packing for california today  leaving tomorrow  "
on my way to the milwaukee airport  then to california girls smile 
chocolate truffle cakes are my weakness  
make the damn baby stop crying!
"just gonna stand there and watch me burn? that's alright, because i like the way it hurts  "
i've been awake since 4am yesterday  dayum smile 
i feel odd and nerdy without my contact lenses  i hope no one notices confidential 
i really want to know my schedule annoyed 
seriously pigged out haha   the things food can do to you  
firepit+blankets+cool california weather=cozy smile 
my mom should be a comedian laugh 
i hate waking up because i love dreaming so much  sometimes i wish i could sleep forever and live in my dreams smile 
i haven't had any healthy diet food or exercise in 2 daysd: i hate it  i want to go home 
i really don't want to eat after all this 
mom keeps promising she'll buy me some healthy food but she still ''forgets''!!! there's nothing healthy to eat here!
watching open house smile 
damnit  woke up from another glorious dream   
i've suddenly grown a huge obsession with 3oh!3    not necessarilly their music (although i do like their songs) but the actual singers  all because of a dream i had   lol playful 
"watching, ''a haunting in connecticut'' (paranormal activity was checked out) and drinking ''starbucks'' laugh "
haunting in connecticut was a great movie smile 
bored  homesick  depressed  
paranormal activity: good movie! not scary playful 
gained 3 pounds in one week   now i have to lose 9 pounds before school starts or i'm not going lol
i'm sorry everyone   for my moody behavior in california   i acted horrible 
"wow haha  how am i supposed to wake up from school, if i can barely get up on my own to go to registration   "
um   what happened to driver's <propmale>  and spanish? i got a stupid study hall instead! whyyy?
my stupid sch<propmale>ule is stupid  ha-1) american gov t and politics 2) trig 3) phy <propmale>  4) psychology 5) english 6) bio 7) a cappella    i didn't get spanish or driver's <propmale>  stupid 
there's a place downtown where the freaks all come around  
kind of sad because i'm not getting my tooth implant 'till janurary   i hate my mouth   a lot  haha
i hate midnight snack cravings!
good morning facebookers smile 
seriously considering permenant hair straightening   but i'm afraid of what will happen to my hair after  has anyone here had their hair permenently straightened?
"fatty foods, i hate you "
omg! my dad is letting me get my hair permanently straightened! i'm so happy smile 
:' 
why did i even bother?
"i only feel good about myself when my hair is straight, my makeup is on, and mmy stomach is empty:' "
i can't wait any longer  i'm so excited!
needs to learn how to control her midnight snack cravings   but how?  *punches her fat gut*
got a shirt from rue 21 that says ''capricorn''! highlight of my day playful 
damnit! i swear i'm going to kill the laptop 
just woke up soo   good morning facebookers smile 
i'm not gonna lie   i'm pretty nervous about starting school  
last day of summer! d:
getting my hair permanently straightened today  i'm really nervous about it  i hope my hair turns out the way i want it too confidential 
last minute school shopping and schedule changes smile 
"new schedule: 1st q-bio, trig, p e, drivers <propmale>, english, spanish, a cappella  2nd q: drawing and painting 3 (3rd hour), vet science (4th hour)"
is currently in the process of getting the keratin treatment   wish me luck!!! or don't  that's okay too playful 
my hair smells like chocolate smile 
the first few days of school are always the longest   
screw a wish  l could really use a friend right now 
not going to school tomorrow 
school was better last year   
"what is <propfemale> <propfirst> of evanescence famous for? writing, singing, and playing beautiful music without the aid of sex drugs violence money  what is <propfirst> <propmale> famous for? being a <propmale> whore (mean  but she really doesn't do anything) how does <propfemale> attract fans? with her warm personality and <propfemale> voice love    how does <propfemale> spears attract fans? by showing off her body of course annoyed "
today's weather: beautiful smile 
i'm loving this fall weather so much!
watching deadly women  marathon!! laugh 
i wrestled a bear once ftw
i love 3 day weekends smile  oh! and i actually woke up on my own today smile 
i barely have any energy left to do homework  
am i the only one who uses a blow dryer to warm myself up when it's cold??
taco johns!
i hate algebra 2! wtf is a domain and range?!?!?
wiiiieeeeerd   
i can't wait for halloween!
loves watching her beagle attempt to howl like a wolf smile 
does anyone in alegebra 2 know how to do problem 1-48 a-d?! i hate having no hotmath com  sad 
it isn't friday until school ends  
wants to go home   
is going to try and start being nicer from now on  
i love how my ''friends'' notice me sitting alone  obviously wanting someone to talk to  and yet they still walk away  what kind of a ''friend'' is that? it's 100 percent obviouse that i want someone to <propfemale> with! i hate life annoyed 
feels like skipping 6th and 7th hour   
"does history guide you, or do you set out to change it?"
"hm  guys do not always equal less drama, to all those who keep saying that  i know plenty of girls who don't give a damn about the world and i know plenty of emotional guys   so just shush  lol playful  it's about personality  not gender laugh "
had a dream about raising my own baby tiger  reminding me of my dreams in real life to save them smile  so cute!
"omfg i just heard evanescence, sweet sacrifice on sirius octane! made my day!"
"i want to join a school sport  but idk what sport haha  i kind of wish i was part of the dance team but i doubt i would've been welcome  plus i can't dance, at all laugh "
i love the feeling of talking to an old friend after a long time  
ew i hate homecoming week  
trying to battle sleep   no it doesn't matter what time i go to sleep at night   5 smile 0 is too early!
would've had no homework if it weren't for driver's ed playful 
never gets any sleep sad 
"i always have way too much to do  giving me no time to sleep, and i hate it  i just want to fucking sleep in and relax tomorrow crying "
having guy friends does not=''dramaless''   drama will be around no matter who you <propfemale> out with  and tbh i think guys add drama into a girl's life smile  (unless you're gay)
i don't know why but for some reason i can't look at <propfirst> sparks without getting physically ill 
so iirritated! by a certain group of people!
i'm going to beat the hell out of the next person who walks into my room with shoes on and leaves me door open!
hahaha green tea pills  make me super hyper   laugh 
equations!
mom=made of money
uncrustables are nasty!
that storm last night was loud!
"she had it all figured out   when she left me with a broken heart  f***ed around and turned me down, cuz she didn't think i could play the part   and now the prom <propfemale>, the prom <propfemale>, is crying sitting outside of my door  she never know how, how everything could turn around   "
my brother went to <propfirst>??? o o
my brother and sister=idiots for always leaving their food in the basement  how many iq points does it take to fucking pick up your food?!
"my dad, brother, and sister are gone   now i know how it feels to be an only child  "
damn those aspca commercials for making me cry crying 
is going to eat her first pancake in like   months haha playful  i'm sorry body  
wosrt weekend ever 
i treat dogs like babies and babies like dogs playful 
ugh! why can't i have more will power????
i wonder if i ever cross your mind   
i swear the radio is reading my mind  
getting re-depressed about old things  
"it's so <propfemale> and cold out    i think i'm going to go take a nice, long walk  ha"
"after walking around my neighborhood for about an hour  i came to the conclusion that i probably looked suspicious walking up and down the streets (my neighborhood is teeny)  so, i began walking on a trail and took pixs laugh "
"lady gaga gave an interview to a <propmale> american magazine & when she was asked about her new projects,\\lady gaga\"" said  annoyed ",df97d41666db7a47bcc5799ce67c0e05,suddenly feels really happy smile 
cut her own hair playful 
"cop sees drunk teenager  cop approaches teenager   teenager giggles and says, ''no need to grab i not rezizting  purplebrown smile '' lmao i love the show cops laugh "
"stop callin', stop callin', i don't want to think anymore  i left my head and heart on the dance floor  "
i love <propfirst> r  dilworth! (director of courage the cowardly dog)
"today, someone told me that my accent changes like every 5 minutes   i didn't know i had an accent "
feels like shit  too tired  
lmao laugh  i think some police radio is interfering with the radio station i'm listening to 
ahh   my legs just gave out on me while i was casually walking around the house---a sure sign that i need rest  so nightynight facebookers smile 
got a really nice new phone today! laugh 
droid2 ftw!!!
today is a good day smile 
is watching aftermath: population overload    hopefully i will be dead before the world gets that bad annoyed 
"even if i say, \it'll be alright\""\",df97d41666db7a47bcc5799ce67c0e05,feels like   100x better now that that's all taken care of smile 
why are fat people so good at ddr?   
omg why can't i scroll down on my phone!?!?
"really, really, really needs someone to cheer her up annoyed "
i have never in my life felt so hopeless    worst day ever!
"no more \sick days\""   i'll definately be going to school tomorrow  """
it's only in my mind 
don't you just hate those nights where you can't sleep because you're too busy thinking about how dirty the floor carpet is  or how gross the fridge is? i hate this   i can't sleep because of these ocd like thoughts    
"how come every time i start eating healthy, i get fatter!?"
"i like it in the trunk of my car   or in some cases, the dumpster!"
uhm   why can't i see who's online?
"okay, i officially love improveverywhere!"
why do i always feel so cold?
"2 washes later and my hair still strongly smells like bonfire smoke haha\hopefully having another bonfire tonigt, because bonfires are awesome smile "
school already??? sad  i hate school  
ummm    whatever i ate just made my tongue feel super tingly and numb 
created a massive bonfire smile 
i swear butte des morts is haunted   
"woooowww, they fucking would run out of cheese pizza   but still have like 12 pepparoni (or however you spell that) pizza  and no, picking the meat off of a pizza does not make it vegetarian again "
going to green bay tomorrow from lunch to 10ish at night  couldn't they have done that on a friday night instead?
on her way to green bay!
"ugh i just saw a really awesome store with awesome international and native american stuff but i didn't get anything, even though i had the money to  and ghey dont have this store anywhere near oshkosh sad "
is on the bus on her way back to oshkosh west high school  btw riding the bus at night is like 10x the fun laugh 
"going home from green bay, getting all her bio and english homework done, maybe taking a shower is i have time?"
ate a cookie   haha eww 
does anyone remember the name of the 2nd to last song that was <propfirst> at the concert in green bay?
anyone want to <propfemale> me some purple clothing for tomorrow? i have none    sad 
omfg omfg omfg <propfemale> lee's new album is so fucking amazing i could just crrrryyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love <propfemale> <propfirst> hartzler:') (singer)
today's weather   makes me want to cuddle up in my snuggie and just read 
good day smile  tired  nightynight 
outlet mall and library smile  something about cold rainy days makes me want to just relax and live in a book  playful 
"girls who don't realize boys can also cause drama, are f***ing stupid smile "
i love this weather smile 
tgiw! weeeeekeeennnd!
scary movies need to be scarier   saw a little bit of paranormal activity 2  not scary!
"so, who's going to the concert at kimball auditorium today????"
at aberta kimball auditorium smile 
<propfemale> burana was amazing!
ohmygosh it's finally halloween! happy halloweenx3674848656!!!
just got done with the concert smile 
frickin hungry   tgif!
"drove for the first time in her life for about an hour, during rush hour, on a busy saturday smile "
omg it's november! x-mas is in december!
"drove around for about an hour today, probably driving to the library?"
"so, a really mean pic that i made a while back somehow ended up on facebook    feeling really bad now   "
driving to shopco and <propmale> <propfemale> with my dad    wish me luck x x
"i am super cold right now   i just want to wrap myself up in a fat, warm blanket and sleep   "
woke up   everyone's still asleep  lonely 
"yesterday: nightmare on elm street (horror movie? psshyeah right), today: toy story 3! smile "
the building still hasn't warmed up and i am freezing!
only 2 5 hours left till the weekend   
mmmmm   corn smile 
"read the nutrition facts of some fast food resturaunts, pizza places, and smoothie shops such as orange julius   i'm too afraid to ever eat out again   x x"
"running working out now, then getting ready for <propfirst> "
"no tredmill, no boflex, no stairclimber, no bike     sad "
i wish everyone in my family woke up as early as i do   i need a running <propmale> x(
at the cowboy's game
"time sure does fly   i'll be leaving <propfirst> in 2 days crying  hopefully i'll get to go to the mall tonight at 12, because hell that would make me really  happy smile "
is packed up and on her way to the airport  goodbye <propfirst> 
"hellz yeah, free wifi in the sky smile "
i got to get the he'll out of this classroom    i don't think i can handle anymore immaturity 
"the lunch line is going way too slow, all thanks to the computers being down    "
woke up at 6 surprise 0    couldn't fall back asleep sad 
i think i'm going to start bringing a blanket to school  
i'm dreaming of a white christmas   
the car won't start sad 
"wow, it's been forever since i've actually logged on to facebook, like the real site   "
the fire alarm just had to go off during gym class on the coldest day of the year (so far)  
"is it just me, or does everyone seem  everyone super tired lately?"
"mom forgot to pick me up sad  oh well, it's early release and i have no homework laugh "
"too many tests, too little time   "
"i would say i'm pretty optimistic, but i see almost no <propmale> of us (oshkosh area) having a snow day tomorrow   i'm hoping for one but i best not keep my hopes high because   it's oshkosh   annoyed "
"if you're worried and you can't sleep, just count your blessings instead of sheep   "
winter break! smile 
nightstorm? sounds fun smile 
"can't sleep, too hungry sad  <propfemale> christmas everyone smile "
i love life smile 
watching really old home videos smile 
can't sleep crying  happy new years <propfemale> everyone!
nothing like a good old mother-daughter spa day smile 
"i know it's a little late (i'm hardly ever on facebook), but i just wanted to say thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday smile "
spent about 2 hours on an assignment (online assignment) only to lose all my work crying 
tgif 
oh no! fml   i lost the sheet of paper that had monday's chapter 5 individual test concepts   can someone please tell me what the concepts were for mr  ruekel's alf  2 class? it would be a big help!
would someone purty please help me out? i need to know what the chapter 5 test concepts were for mr  ruekel's class   please help! smile 
just got done writing out my speech outline for english   and i don't even know if i did it right  haha  i'll just give my speech last or something  
"super tired  today was a good day  had trig  from 8-9 smile 0, 3 hour break, then spanish 12 smile 0-2  i'm feeling pretty confident in those classes, however i'm not so happy about tomorrow  (bio  8-9 smile 0, english 12 smile 0-2) not good   "
what is the gym sem  final like??
gym and choir finals todayt t
finally--some peace   
anyone want to <propfemale> today or tomorrow?
is sick of packer statuses 
guess who woke up super early today?
no school smile 
ugh   observing today for driver's <propmale> er whatever   
puppy bowl smile 
facebook is confusing   
what's up with everyone getting hair extensions?
i hear birds chirping outside my window    smile 
some people never change    
is awake   staring at the twinkling lights of a quiet city across the frozen lake   
"zomgosh, saw a bald eagle flying around in my backyard, almost got his pic   he's beautiful smile "
damn it feels good outside 
why are teachers protesting??
i have a feelin that today's going to be a good day smile 
has no homework smile 
"needs a ride to school on monday   anyone interested in possibly driving me there or something, please let me know   smile "
"still searching for a ride to school for monday, the 28th   if anyone is interested, please let me know and i will pay for gas smile  thx"
needs rest annoyed 
thought she'd be able to use this early releasae day to get extra time to work out then relax   but apparently not 
rain love 
omfg   solo ensemble festival today at 4 surprise 0   kill me surprise 
"solo ensemble is finally done   no more\ ave maria\"" smile """
so damn bored   what to do??
i hate sundays confidential 
hates comp  book assignments 
at that zaps seminar smile  today's gonna be looonnng   
lovin' the weather smile 
itgif!
watching <propfirst> scissorhands smile 
it's so nice outside!
so many essays online assignments due on monday annoyed    at least the weather is nice smile 
loves her droid's new anipet aquarium wallpaper   it's like owning real tropical fish smile 
thunder and lightning  love 
"had an amazing day today with my mom, brother, and sister  bought a super cute watch bracelet, a sweet as shit hair conditioner, a kickass necklace and gum that tastes like strawberry short cake! hells yeah!"
"i'm sorry, but is it absolutely necessary to tell the whole world you want need are smoking a \cig\""?"""
doing absolutely nothing in veterinary science   no teacher smile 
"spent the day downtown with my mom and sister laugh  the gallery walk was sooo much fun, i'm seriously looking forward to the next one smile "
wished for a thunder storm yesterday   and got one  be careful what you wish for confidential 
act test tomorrow early morning   and i can't sleep?
i'm going to starrrve   
i am addicted 
"finally, i have a full smile smile  you'll see what i mean tomorrow;p"
"oshkosh west should have microwaves   if middle schools can have them, why can't we?"
needs to stop waking up so early   
happy 420 everyone! smile 
what's on your mind?
happy earth day! time to give back to the beautiful blue sphere that has supported and protected us for millions of years smile 
"wants chocolate    wtf? anyways, i am done shopping (another shocking fact?)  tomorrow, im going to six flags over texas! smile  and good ride suggestions? and yes, i like 'em fast and scary!"
<-- is a horrible late night compulsive eater! anyone have peanut butter?
"<propfirst> was a blast, but it's good to be home smile "
spring break is coming to a close pretty soon sad 
feeling shitty today   
got a live chicken egg today! laugh 
"screw prom, i would rather go downtown to look at <propmale>, and celebrate my brother's 14th birthday smile "
"i am so confused   can someone please e playful lain today's concert schedule? (where when we meet, where we're performing)"
f*** you late-night munchies!  annoyed 
i'm so sick of this crying 
"mmm, coffee smile "
ke$ha needs teeth to make a necklace asap smile 
make it all go away   
k$ha needs your teeth::  ke$ha po box 120479   nashville tn 37212
probably won't get her knew phone until tomorrow after school or friday  water damage  really?
"got a new phone, need <propfirst>  text me smile "
dr  phil smile 
     and that is why you must always double check to make sure you aren't texting the wrong person   
wants today to be a good day    sunshine smile 
"as of today, lady gaga is the most influential person in the world    coming in 2nd is opra winfrey and 3rd is <propfirst> briber   "
nothing is more annoying than fat people who think they're skinny   
i wouldn't even wish this on my worst enemy    crying 
is in a lot of pain right now   
apple  pie 
it is saturday   i can either a) sit at home and do nothing or b) go to walmart and throw twinkles at fat people smile 
"omg wtf?!!? i just saw some fat chick walking around in nothing but a leotard (which, btw, barely covered her body) and fishnet tights    my eyes!"
good day  spent much of my time in downtown oshkosh for the gallery walk n stuffs smile 
i love <propmale> of the hill smile 
"nothing boosts a girl's self esteem more than a flattering, sexy white swimsuit smile "
"ugh  it's finals week and i feel like $h!t   lucky, lucky me "
 sad    
"right now, i just really hate myself   annoyed "
22 minutes till summer!
"mmm   nothing like warm, gooey smores with cool, refreshing milk smile "
needs a workout buddy   anyone interested in going to the ymca with me?
i am less than 6 months away from being an adult  stop treating me like a little kid  i hate you 
save me from myself    annoyed 
nice people give me hope smile 
i  love  <propfirst> sandler smile 
"just finished another kick-ass workout   damn, i love the ymca love "
"i wish i could run allll day   it would be just me, my legs, and i smile "
happy father's day!  love 
i haven't changed my profile pic in about a year  o o
my legs look huge when i run  bahaha playful 
"today, i decided i would face my fears and eat potato ole's after not having fried food in a couple years   as i popped the first ole into the moderately warm hot oil, the pan and potato burst into flames  "
"my letter is h smile \something i like: hailstorms laugh \something i hate: ham\someone i like: <propfemale> <propmale>? \something that's bad: hell\like this and i'll give you a letter  smile "
when are we gonna get some thunderstorms?  sad 
i guess i got what i asked for  thunderstorm!
never mind  it's gone  
omg! i just found out walmart sells fat free chedder cheese! my favorite cheese!
perfect day to be at the y smile 
today's going to be a good day 
today was almost a good day   tomorrow will be better smile  btw i have 3 ymca guest passes if anyone's interested in working out with me tomorrow at around 12 smile 0pm 
i can't sleep sad 
"the minimum age limit at the ymca gym is 16 for many reasons  one of them being that girls don't like immature, cocky little boys bother them   annoyed "
what's on your mind?
yesterday was great   but now i'm tired and running on an hour of sleep  
\ 'cause i didn't mean to hurt him,\df97d41666db7a47bcc5799ce67c0e05,sick of being picked up late everyday 
"can't sleep   wondering if it is possible to do liposuction at home, anything to get rid of the pain and irritation in my upper back and armpits  sad "
south <propfemale> tomorrow  
got a headache that won't go away   
kind of depressed 
all i want to do is go back in time   back when i was thin 
"can't sleep  can't even think about sleeping, that's how awake i am "
"\this isn't a bathroom so don't start no shit\"""""
today isn't my day  sad and homesick 
i think our condo is on fire  
"enough with the <propfirst> <propfirst> drama! kid's, animals, and people are dyeing every day and their stories are probably worse  please, get over it sad "
i think i've become nocturnal  
"well, i was planning on swimming in the atlantic ocean during sunrise, but i guess that isn't gonna happen since i can't sleep   "
omgomgomg best day ever! i got to hold and bottle feed two tiger cubs and cuddle with a nearly newborn cub  greatest moment in my life    love 
swam in the atlantic ocean today   the waves were enormous! so fun!
i really wish i could sleep   
just      sad 
at pirate's voyage   a dinner theater type thing smile 
just got done eating at pirate's voyage  it's like a dinner theater times a billion with sea lion and acrobats!
wtf did i do?  crying 
fml  crying 
it's nice to have good friends smile 
"it's 1 surprise 9 am, i can't sleep, and there's a large atlantic ocean just 5 minutes away by foot   i think i'm gonna go swimming  smile "
nascar speedpark was fun smile 
"well, we were supposed to leave for the airport by 3 am, but it appears that i'm the fly one awake  "
going home today 
finally back home where i belong  
"are there any good orphanages or shelters in oshkosh? if so, i'm leaving  i don't belong here  "
i can't sleep because i feel like crap and i'm so damn tired   
"right now, all i can think about is what my life would be like if it was normal   i'm seriously pissed off at some people   "
gonna find a job n hopefully get my hair done smile 
"life's a bitch, but don't take it too seriously because in the end we all die anyway "
"when the people you rely on the most don't understand you, life is just a struggle "
at the shooting range  smile 
shooting cardboard people laugh 
we'll be lost before the <propfemale>  
heartache   
researching the keratin hair treatment  
decided against doing the keratin treatment again 
"damn   i can't sleep sad    by the way, why is there an \n\"" in the word \""damn\""   and do you say \""a 'n'\"" or\"" an 'n'\""?"""
super sad right now   i wish someone was awake with me   sleeplessness is loneliness 
"nope  nope  now that i think about it, i might get the keratin treatment done just to give my hair a health boost  idk  "
 crying 
i wish someone would understand   
"you aren't cool, at all  get over yourself  not everyone likes you "
i just want to sleep dammit!
"why do i always have to feel so tired, out of energy, and hungry all the time  why can't my life be normal?  crying  i hate everyone that lets this happen to me "
i can't wait for evanescence's new album to come out  so far it sounds amazing!
how can you let this happen to me?
is feeling a little bi-polar today 
it's almost as though someone sucked all the sadness out of me and replaced it with happiness 
"i've been sad for so long, that when it finally went away i thought i was high haha playful "
 annoyed   crying  pissed off 
this hot weather makes me want to drink a frappuccino and eat cookies   fml
this has got to be the worst summer vacation ever   
"when i left oshkosh about 2 1 2 hours ago, it was <propfemale> and 93 degrees outside  when i came back, it was raining and only 80 "
i really hope i get my liscence 
cyberbully!
   just got some blood drawn   my arm huwwwrrrrtttsssst
is sick of being tired and headachie 24 7     i want my energy back    
waiting to for the instructor to arrive   super nervous 
<propfemale> whinehouse died laugh 
"well, those were the worst and most realistic series of mightmares i have ever had "
"i literally get sick to my stomach when i see those bitches   god, i wish i could go back in time and just stab all of them "
"yay! i gots my hair donnneee   mmmmmmm it smells like chocolate and it's super long and shiny smile  too bad i can't pin it, tie it up, pull it back, wear headbands headphones, tuck it behind the ears or wash it for 3 days x x   "
i hate 
i hate
there's no such thing as true friendship   
"my color is yellow \do i like it? not too much\would i die my hair this color? that'd be different \food this color? lots of fruits and veggies, corn  \drink this color? lemonade\animal this color? lots of em  bees, birds, spiders, fish  \like this status and i'll give you a color smile "
summer vacation is too long 
hahahaha! facebook fights are funny 
"never forget the day, she laughed and walked away and i couldn't stop her, i guess she had it all  "
"gosh, get out of my dreams!"
"do you seriously think that \dem lavato\"" or \""de mi\"" are real? stop being so desperate and lonely   \""mariah carrie\"" isnt real either """
don't like this status 
"i tried to be nice   but it seems like the more your lips move, the less respect i have for you  you need to think about what you're going to say before you actually verbalize it "
