59d9ac249c18415e7769858a34f67433
<propfirst> came and visited me on my break   joyful 
shitty new year 
things turned around  i spent the first few hours of the new year talking to my fag 
bryans today 
no  just no 
ew  stress again  me no like 
"well, it was fun while it lasted  should have seen this coming "
got very little sleep  hella worried  i think i did something wrong 
"i'm going to throw up and then cry, throw up and then cry some more  :["
i'm officially giving up on my life  i'm going to go watch house and cry and sleep 
i had the shittiest day ever  i want to make a phone call but i'm too afraid that i'll just hurt myself more  i'm so lost 
"just ate my first meal since \the incident\"" i feel a little better  i just wish it would stop hurting when i breathe """
"i'm more confused now than ever  i just wish i could get a straight answer  i want it back like it used to be  before i fucked everything in the ass  i'm in so much pain, but i want it to be okay, please, someone   make it okay, please "
"please make the pain stop  i'll do anything   i just want to fix it, i'm sorry, i can be better  i just want it to end "
"<propfirst> made me feel a little better  but i just feel like someone is stabbing my heart  i really need to get over myself, i guess  my patheticness is gross   at least <propfirst> is cheering me up, thanks  smile "
"hahahaha  i could have died about six times today, damn, why didn't i?? that's it! be prepared world because i'm gonna start doin all kinds of retarded shit! if he can't be with me i'm going to drown my sorrows in crazy land!!! hahaha "
"the most pathetic award goes to    and most asshole award goes to    and the ruiner of all life goes to    i'm sorry i hurt everyone  please forgive me  <propfirst>'s cool with it  but <propfemale>? i'm sorry, i'm just so sorry "
i hate myself  i hope i drown and choke 
i am out of gas  time to throw it in neutral and push 
"god, i can't believe i'm doing this  if there is a god, be with me now and ensure i don't fuck this shit up "
wow  that actually felt pretty good  things can only get better right?
my dog needs to stop humping shit  i thought i was a horn dog 
"you know, i'm feeling better  a lot  really "
"better, i am feeling "
how the fuck did i not know that f  <propfirst> fitzgerald wrote the curious case of benjaman button??? what the fuck is wrong with me??
a day april has all to herself?? proposterus! text me plz   smile 
"i'm freaking out  holy shit, help!!"
i am pooping right now  will the weirdness never end? oh crap  i need to take my meds  d: happy fourth! add much?
"work, work  hopefully tonight will be fun  party with <propmale>! woot! everyone have a happy fourth  smile ]"
"work sometimes you make me so hateful of myself  seriously, bad day  but tonight will be fin, party at <propmale>'s  hit me up if you wanna <propfemale>  laugh  we're a fun bunch "
"dear mother, everytime you do shit like this you make me want to hurt myself  you make me hate myself and feel like i am unworthy of anybodys love  thanks a lot "
"sometimes shit sucks, but you know what? with a good outlook bad shit doesn't seem so bad  wanna <propfemale>? please? hit me up good sirs  it's a whole new positive april  laugh "
"sometimes i feel like my goodness isn't good enough for some people  that makes me unhappy with myself  oh well, i guess "
"bored today  you too? call me, text me  <propfemale> out with me please?"
"today was a good day  my new outlook: make stuff right, everybody deserves a second <propmale>   smile ]"
christians make me giggle to the <propmale> 
"you know somethin? role models was a pretty fuckin good movie  maybe i should give all these modern movies a <propmale>, eh?  ps  watchin <propmale> and miri  that's how i want my first sex to be   laugh  lmfao   laugh "
"good morning fackbook! if you have any control over my dreams please make them stop being so fucked up  in other news, today is going to be a spiffy day  i have a brand new idea for a book and jenn is coming over at five for a <propfemale> wars marathon! hit me u"
i am so fucking pissed off right now it's not even funny 
"i am so upset  i thought i was fine, but guess what? i'm not and i never will be  i should just put a bullet in my brain to get out of everyones way  i'm just a burden on your soul  i wish i didn't feel like this  i want so badly to be happy and not care "
okay   better now  no more putting bullets through the head and whatnot  i just gotta breathe  that <propmale> 
jenn coming over for a <propfemale> wars party!!! yes!  laugh 
this is a test  day one    let's see how long this takes   smile 
"sometimes i wish a black hole would swallow me, i don't even want to live anymore "
to work  hopefully we get held up at gun point 
fuck' em  thanks <propfemale>  smile 
omg  no one to <propfemale> out with texttttt plz 
fuck you zoo tycoon! it can't be done  i'm going to spend the rest of my life on that one senerio if it kills me 
ohhhhh the elephant pooed in the food!!!
too many things just pissed me off at once  grrr 
"<propmale> franken, you're my fucking hero "
"now, that's what i call a pleasant dream   wink "
had the most awesome day in o-town with <propfirst>   laugh 
i need me a new neardy man  know anyone?
what a day at work  any one need someone to <propfemale> out with monday? i is free 
going to bed  need to chill out  i'm all worked up  trying to make a decision 
"blarg, i am groggy  patryin with <propmale> tonight  wanna join? call or text!"
i'm so glad that me and my dad can share the dislike for my mom together  it's good to have somebody on the same side as myself   smile 
hanging with <propmale> tonight  texxxtttt plz?
sometimes   i just don't know what to do   i need some help   
i have tried and tried but i'm just not good enough am i? i will always lose and no one will never care  someone will always be prettier and someone will always be better  i am nothing  i deserve nothing 
sometimes i feel like i'm running on a tredmill to no where  why do people take pleasure in hurting me?
if you're not with me than you're against me  fuck off  i am better than this  and i know it 
"you know, borat ain't too bad  little annoying but not that bad "
"god, she gets mad at everything  it's rather funny "
pour some sugar on me! in the name of love  i love you def leppard 
it's 1 smile 0 in morning  why the fuck am i awake  you all get one guess  watching fanboys   smile 
did you know that there's going to be a live action <propfemale> wars tv show coming out next year?? fuck yeah!!
jeebers i'm screwing up my sleeping pattern 
new email: darthwindows@yahoo com
work and doctor tomorrow  <propmale> potter saturday  two free days inbetween? let's get crazy  as for tonight? i feel another night of smodding and writing ahead 
upon reading something on here i just became very suspicious  i think someone's lying  you don't lie to me  come clean or worse things will happen 
sometimes shits good   smile  thanks for the talk   smile 
weird ass dream  surprise  like a horror movie  may the force be with you 
you have no right to take my happiness away  i am a good person  because you can't see that is not my problem 
juno is awesome  i'm just a juno looking for my bleeker   smile 
my new doctor is hot  he bumped me up on my meds! yay!  laugh  now to force myself to eat 
just got home from work and am now over to <propmale>'s for the night  text if you need me  laugh 
"finally back from <propmale>'s, had a blast!! now to contact <propfirst> to see if we're still gonna go out tonight   wink  fun fun "
damn  no plans tonight  i just got pwned   annoyed  guess i'll just have to watch movies and masturbate instead 
masturbation is normal  shut up  everyone 
i have 15 movies to watch  better get started   laugh 
sorry   but good will hunting just wasn't good  off to watch <propmale> league  that's got <propfirst> sheen in it  that's a sure bet it will be good   laugh 
ever feel like you're swimming in a sea of dumbass? jeebers this is a crazy day 
"long night ahead  work to be done  hope everyone is good  my plans for tomorrow bailed, anyone up for anything?? come on, anybody??"
<propfirst> cronkite died!! :[
i finally have a saturday off and i have no plans  what kind of caddywampus is this?? i guess i'll just have to fool around by myself then 
getting back into shape is going to be much harder than i thought 
i have the biggest fucking headache  but i have been playing video games since ten this morning  lol 
take me by the hand and stand by my side  all i want it you will you stay with me? hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea?
off to work to go make some moolah  laugh 
"oi, back home  ready for a cozy night in   smile "
dude  craigslist is fuckin awesome   smile 
just saw the savages  that is a really good movie  i like movies like that 
watchman comes out on dvd tomorrow!!  joyful 
that was a nummy breakfast  joyful 
just got back from the grandparents house   laugh 
back on my old sleeping schedual  i like it   laugh  night 
up and attaem
i'm scared out of my mind right now   
please be okay   i'm so worried 
the presidents of the united states of <propfemale> are awesome   however they can't make my worry go away 
got my first <propfemale> wars book today  joyful  i'm excited to get into the e playful anded universe 
my tum tum hurts
"finally finished <propmale> franken's lies and the lying liars who tell them  you need to pick this book up  it was epic  seriously, franken is one of the smartest men alive "
just got done with my x-men marathon with jenn  it was beast!!
is reading <propfirst> carlin's brain droppings  it is amazing 
that's it  i'm getting a sex change  i hate my uterus  fuck you uterus!
"no artist is satisfied    there is no satisfaction whatever at any time  there is only a queer, devine dissatisfaction, a blessed unrest that keeps us marching and makes us more alive than others  -<propfemale> <propmale> from <propfirst> carlin's brain droppings "
toco <propfemale> doggie died  :[
how many times am i going to have to tell you people? masturbation is normal  go fuck yourself right now 
night   laugh 
i don't think today's going to be a good day  i wish i had someone to talk to   
"well, shit was fine until i got home "
got a fuckin car!!!!
"just saw the darjeeling limited  what an amazing movie  plus, <propfemale> brody is rather nummy "
i have a massive headache  going to pick up my new car tomorrow  nighty night ladies and sirs 
good morning all   smile 
i just realized there is a lot of similarities between today's music music culture and the 80's   surprise 
is now the proud owner of a gold dodge grand caravan  which i have named c-3po  smile  off to caties party  laugh 
meeting new people feels great  i wash my hands of the past  goodbye and farewell! awesome night  thanks catie!
up for the day  going to go work on my car  laugh 
c-3po is a bute  he cleaned up beautifully 
"<propfirst>, why did you have to go? you should have been immortal  <propfirst> carlin, you were the man, you were more intelligent than anyone i've ever had the pleasure of being aware of their exsistence  rest in peace  you're my hero "
is going on a rockin late night adventure with <propfirst> 
awesome adventure with <propfirst>!! woot on reckless driving and <propfemale> wars posters!!
gotta go nighty night  work tomorrow 
we got butt fucked at work today  i hate having a church right across from wor  -_-
had fun with my <propmale> <propfemale> and found out some good news from a friend   wink 
haha  band camp  so glad i don't gotta go!  playful 
going nighty nighty  peace
"ah, feels so good to be up at 9 smile 0 and not be at band camp   smile "
is really sick on this religion movement 
to rephrase my last update: i'm sick of this christianity movement 
i think my computer is messed up   annoyed 
"well, i guess i can't help save the world anymore  socialvibe no longer works on my computer cause it's all fucked up "
watching transformers   i'm a little confused but i'm going to roll with it 
i hate myself for depriving myself of so many wonderful things like transformers  damn you <propfirst> bay 
just saw <propmale> and <propfemale>'s infinate playlist  it was good  good news ladies and sirs  i'm getting my car insured tomorrow  that means i'll be able to drive by wednesday! suck that 
help  seriously  someone help  my dads having an attack 
ultimatum time for mommy  heh heh
why is the world made of dumbass?
"come on mom, get home so we can get all of this over with "
is happy camper  *sly smile*
did you hear? the ipod is losing it's appeal and apple may be going down   laugh 
just saw death at a funeral  that was a good movie  check it out 
"just watched the curious case of <propmale> button  that is one long ass movie  only need to see it once, tyvm "
i'm fucking bored  i need something to do 
why is there no blue food?
i  love  <propmale> saget 
bandacoot power!
is so buying undeclared from amazon com after i get my car licensed 
time to excersise  woot for health 
nothing like a nummy breakfast after the work out   smile 
"well, i figured this would happen with getting a new car  let's see how this plays out "
"so, this is not how i pictured my day  how entertaining "
one day i will find what i am looking for  all good things come to those who wait 
<propmale> always makes things better   smile  thanks for the talk 
i wish i could buy legs for all you band camp kids :[ feel better guys! it's all worth it!
"this may be tmi   but   : ahhh, it feels so good to have my vag not feel like chewbacca anymore   laugh "
this has been one crazy ass day  hoping to talk to someone tomorrow   missing them 
good morning facebook 
my family is fucking disgusting 
the spirit rocked so much balls 
"what happened to all the good comedians   with the exception of demitri <propfirst>, he's amazing "
cr came with two discs  comic relief: looking over 20 years and comic relief 2006  i'm watching 2006  what the fuck happened to good comedy?
what a gyp  igpt ready and everything  :[
nervous about work tomorrow 
"well, i'm gonna go watch some <propfirst> smith goodness and write a bit of <propmale> potter fan fic  shhhh, tell no one "
i don't want to go to work   i'm scared 
going to work where i will presumably get yelled at all night for fucking up the entire world 
work was actually good  i got off early and i'm fucking tired   smile  can't wait for monday  i feel that things are a brewin  off to listen to some smod and play some crash 
goin to go see <propmale> potter and the half-blood <propmale>  finally  can't wait for tomorrow! so many fun things!
saw hpb   it was all right  lots of rickman *drool* and a bit of twin *double drool* now onto work and then tomorrow  laugh 
hope i get my car back tomorrow or my plans are ruined  :[[
"going to fucking bed, i am wiped "
morning  big day ahead 
big day big day     come on car!
stresss d:
is really sick of one person 
car prospects not looking so well     
car is finally ready for action! i'm ready to go  gotta go get ready for the date now 
"nervous, nervous, nervous     "
had an amazing date  liked the movie  very tired and busy having a heart attack  car is all f-ed but i made it to and from safely 
just saw lars and the real girl  what an amazing film 
"some people need to calm down, just because you're 18 and you're not quite sure what you want to do doesn't mean that you're gonna wind up being a bum and a freeloader  i hate people with attitudes like that  just because i know what i want to do doesn't "
i'm very aroused right now  ~~ heh heh
really wishes someone certian was online 
this facebook chat shit it bullshit!
"back from <propfemale>'s  had a blast  going back at about six though  need to excersise and eat something healthy, waiting for a very lovely phone call   smile "
off to excersise and then calling someone  laugh 
ready to go have a bitchin night with <propmale>!! peace everyone!
finally back home for good 
thinking about someone   smile ]
going to bed  wiped out  finished my transformer drawings though!!  laugh 
going shopping with the mema today 
is nervous nervous nervous because she is waiting waiting waiting 
ish happy april 
is going out tonight and i am excited   laugh 
going going gone   laugh 
had the most wonderful night ever   smile 
going swimming 
has to get up at seven to go to work 
i am hella sweaty right now 
"seriously, was like 95% of the world just not present when they handed out common sense and logic? even more were absent for compassion and love "
doesn't want to go to work today 
just talked on the phone with him for an hour   i think i fucked it up   annoyed 
"sometimes, i'm really silly   smile  roast of <propfirst> rivers tonight! thanks ari!"
south park fucking rocks 
<propfirst> rivers roast was awesome! they're doing an encore now! go watch it!! going to bed! night everyone!
needs to head to bed  enough of the christian bullshit  good night forrealzz
green day tomorrow
this is bullshit! facebook keeps kicking me off!
going to my grandparents! see you all later!
24 fucking hours mother fucker!
done showering  felt good  now waiting anxiously for a phone call  23 hours
downloading some new smods  probably going to go to bed soon  not feeling too hot 
relieved 
"trying to hold it all together  i'm hallucinating, need sleep now "
11 hours and counting to the greatest night of my life   laugh 
going to make some nummy breakfast 
"going to go watch saw iv  ari, if you get online just call  i'm peaceing out "
it is time  peace out ladies and sirs about about to have the time of my life  good riddance 
concert was amazing  oh my fucking god 
is a little confused and doesn't know what to do   i need to think 
not too confused anymore  thinking still 
going to parent preview tonight and i am excited!!
my ass itches 
peaceing out to go shower and then to write for a bit   smile  night
i am pissed i'm awake right now 
"okay, starburst had hard candies didn't they?? or am i just crazy?"
sleep time 
going to my grandma's today  joy 
i like mini dog weiner's 
the blues brothers fucking rock 
wants penis but doesn't want the bullshit attached to it  i have a bad feeling i will be a virgin forever 
"you heard it here first folks: april <propfemale> berryman is now of this moment completely and whole heartedly giving up on love, men, and sex  i now vow celibacy because of my resent e playful eriences  you think this is a joke? would april joke about such things? think about that "
"i don't know what i'm going to do  everything hurts so much  i wanna die  i haven't felt this way in so long, but i want it  i just can't do this anymore  goodnight  bleh "
had a panic attack  i feel much better  thanks for the concern everyone  night 
i just woke up and i'm already freaking out 
"finally done with all the things i want to be done with  now off to write for a bit, chill on the pc and kick back   laugh "
"thank pi that went okay  he's a good, good man  greater than any before   smile "
loves green day live  *drool*
more fucking stress -_- i'm going to go watch bullet in a bible  night everyone 
i hate this i can't sleep bullshit 
so fucking tired 
just saw sin city  what an amazing movie  <propfirst> rodriguez is fuc<propmale> <propmale> 
i just went through a very stressful situation  i wish there was a certain person on so i could vent 
i feel really bad :[
is better 
going nighty night peaccce 
"oh, p s  cum is awesome, especially when you're covered in it  wink  night!"
i don't wanna be awake 
wow  school hasn't even started yet and my friends are already bailing left and right 
and i am now pronounced asshole 
chalking was fun  laugh 
tomorrow shall be bitchin  wait until you see what i have in store for you all  heh heh heh 
guess no phone call tonight   annoyed  not feeling too good about this :[[
going to bed  bleh  nighy night  no call :[
can't fucking sleep 
fuck no 
first day way meh  hoping to get a call tonight    
missed a call from boo  :[[[ feel so guilty  not a good day  and my vagina is bleeding -_-
"i feel shitty, i'm going to bed  night "
school  take two 
i am sad  :[
better better better
giant penis' on baltic avenue!
"today was a good day  my heart is a flutter  hope fills me  also, on an even awesomer note  great time with <propmale>!"
today was a very good day   smile 
"done with homework, now onto some weekend fun  laugh "
good walk 
why am i the only person in the world who hasn't had sex?
off to bed  had a great day   laugh 
i am not fucking around: they have now made a twilight inspired dildo  this has gone too far  google that shit if you don't believe me 
going in for a three hour session at work  woot!
"work was okay, it was on;y three hours  i might work a hella shift tomorrow though "
good day  nighty night for now  laugh 
good morning everyone   laugh 
went shopping  got my homecoming dress  laugh  and some other rad things 
"well, at least my room is fucking spotless now "
kind of sad    no phone call all weekend  :[[
i'm unhappy  no phone call and they won't stop bitching at me  i'm going to bed  depression has hit 
that dream was amazing 
kind of sad still  missin someone and have to work in an hour and a half  :[[
going to work and my parents will be in therapy soon! app  is all set up  joyful 
so exhausted  glad i got to hear from boo   laugh  good day 
one hectic day 
i do not want to have another dream like that ever again 
hella tired  such a busy week  and it's only going to get busier 
so confused anymore  p s  i'm not dealing with anymore of people's shit  you want drama? go somewhere else  i'm busy 
"ahhh, my vag feels much better  nice and tidy once again   smile  nighty night "
i feel so guilty and bad about myself right now  :[
still feel bad  night 
finally a night with nothing to do  until <propmale> calls at 11 and she comes to <propfemale>  but movies and video games until then   also   new smodcast  laugh 
"god, primus kicks so much ass "
you know what i just noticed? all comedians are either atheist agnostic or jewish   surprise 
i just did like    10 top 5's    i have no life :'[
that was a terrible dream 
now i'm doing some thinking    
you know what? this is all bullshit  i can't win for anything  suicide sounds awesome  i laugh in the face of death  life sucks and everyone needs to learn that because i've learned it first hand 
praying to god is like praying to <propmale> potter and <propmale> skywalker  i'd rather pray to the latter  dumbasses 
today is not going to be a good day  i hope someone holds up bk and fucking shoots me  or i can just do it at my own hand  either way sounds awesome 
so   tired    
i don't know what i'm doing with my life any more     
got some hot sleze's number  sweet!
going to bed   wondering about some stuff     
hangin with <propmale>  <propfirst> is a douche and other <propfirst> needstext me and <propmale> back 
more contemplations    
"going to bed  starting to have many, many regrets "
sigh  i just want to die 
feels so much better  i feel like a winner shaved my running time by four minutes  laugh  gonna go do some house work   laugh 
please don't ask me  i'm not feeling well  i have no idea what i'm going to do  i'm honestly done  i don't even care anymore and i don't want to try  nothing works and i'm blocked at every turn 
"thanks mom, you made me feel so much better "
i feel i can understand batman  i know that sounds stupid but it is how i really feel  because when the symbol of hope falls who will be there to pick him back up?
"awesome, i'm sick and depressed  woot "
not going to school  going back to bed 
got my socialvibe ball 
cool  now my best friend hates me 
"you know, i was checkin myself out in the shower and i've discovered i look pretty good naked   smile "
feels a teensy bit better 
i'm hungry  going to bed 
feeling better and i gots a new crush  ask him to homecoming eh?
"nothing to do this weekend  please someone text 636-357-0643  i need to <propfemale> and i need to <propfemale> with new people  come on, give me a <propmale> "
i am not very happy with a friend of mine  going to bed 
"nothing to do this weekend  please someone text 636-357-0643  i need to <propfemale> and i need to <propfemale> with new people  come on, give me a <propmale> "
i am 100% convinced i have the hairiest dog in the world 
everybody just always leaves me i feel  :[
must hang posters back up 
i'm so not even dealing with this anymore  will someone please adopt me into your group of friends  i just want to have fun and be silly  i'm tired of being so serious and treating everything so seriously  i'm ready for a change of scenery 
p s  your symbol of hope is taking a vacation  she's gonna go do some stupid stuff  please look away 
i think i have a problem  i'm the proud owner of 20 posters 
the joker is an absolute inspiration 
going to write my ass off today    after homework 
"ah, after many serious contemplations about starting to smoke weed just to try it out i have come back to reality "
"you know, if more atheists took a stand then maybe one day we could be as scary as the christians "
-_- i'm useless 
feels better   smile  catie knows whyz  good weekend    didn't do a damn thing 
<propfemale> wars wow?? i just an a nerdgasm  much like an orgasm but with the quadratic equation and <propfemale> wars quotes 
at a crossroads    some new friends have made me think  dunno what to do now 
yuppp  worthless  ha 
wow    i'm not surprised  thanks  fuck you all  guess i'll do as i planned 
wish i wouldn't have woken up 
today was a bad day  it's only going to get worse  luckily when i finish my latest project nothing will no longer worry me 
despite all the shittiness today my mother actually managed to get the body soap i like  now i shall smell nice   smile 
<propfirst> made me feel a little better   smile 
"i honestly don't understand how people can walk around and be stupid at the same time  can't wait until i'm finished with my memoir, then this can all be over "
"oh, fuck you fate, fuck you  i call your making me work on homcoming and having no date and raise you an actually going and having a good time  suck my huuugggee peen plz  kthx "
wait until you all see what i have planned for tomorrow  haha 
my car has been censored by fzn   smile  the war has only just begun 
no dance for april tonight  have fun everyone!!
so tired  so much working 
kanye west is a douche bag 
mom is leaving   smile  almost in the final phase before divorce   smile 
called into work today  lame 
thinking about someone  good night everyone   smile 
"god, just fuck school, seriously  i don't even learn anything there  my school sucks "
what an amazing night   smile 
school makes april sleepy 
i just really hate my fucking life 
just fuck it 
birth control: helping control the baby population since 1963  ballin 
"yeah, so pretty much my whole future was ruined today  i'm fucked for the rest of my life  time to get working on that momior or i'm never going to get to my final solution so i can finally be happy "
naps make me even more sleepy 
dislikes cocky mfers 
i'm fucking losing my mind  i can't do this anymore  i just can't  i hate that none of you dumb mother fuckers don't understand that 
gonna be a good night  smile 
"well, i suppose i'm buring in hell then   smile  better bring some deorderant   smile "
i just saw my proofs from prestige  i am one hideous beast 
i just watched house and i'm going to poop 
"what to do, what to do "
is getting new ideas 
"what a good night  <propmale> with <propmale>, new book, got to say hello to <propmale>, new shoes  macbeth's babay  oh yeah   laugh "
is dangerously addicted to hashbrowns 
"a dirty shame is a great watch  please, open your mind and e playful erience this wonderful movie  let's go sexin   laugh "
no school for april today   smile  webster instead 
webster is boss  i love love love it  so going 
"had a great great day, new game, new movie, and a day trip with <propmale> and <propmale>  great day indeed "
had a very amazing evening 
i would do anything to be with him 
"he's within reach, i just have to figure out how to get him to see the real me    ugh, is high school over yet?"
"attention to everyone: my car is now becoming available to sign   smile  why sign my yearbook at the end of the year? become a part of my history and sign my car   laugh  seriously, bring a sharpy and sign my car   smile "
well   my day was going good  *rolls eyes*
cool night at work  my spine hurts  nighty night 
"so, yeah   car is in the shop   smile "
love my new pstwice game   smile  pac man rocks 
"run down for the weekend: tonight football game  then t-unit get's off at midnight so we're gonna <propfemale> out for a few hours  then come home around four in the morning, nip up some breakfast and get ready for some garage sailing   then, sleep  when i wake up homework and college essay  then back to sleep in the early morning hours   sunday work from four to ten  come back home and sleep  i can't wait   smile "
us panthers are about to kick some wolf ass!!!
"just had an amazing night  thanks <propmale>, <propmale>, <propmale> and t  you guys are the best   smile "
garage sailing rocks   laugh 
apparently no one wants to text me back and talk to me today   annoyed 
don't feel too good about myself right now   annoyed 
depressed 
yeah school made my mood sooo much better  fuck life 
fuck everything  nothing works  :[
wow  i can't even trust one of my best friends  how nice  as i plunge deeper into unhappiness and lonely ness   smile  nap time 
i can't do this anymore 
got asked out  cool cool 
what a fucking day  off to play kingdom hearts for the rest of the night 
you know who doesn't give a fuck about the cards? april  it's just a game 
kh tonight 
fuck you trickmaster! my capel tunnel is killing me  my whole hand is numb d:
i am a failure  i can't play a simple game   smile  wow  i'm one useless lump   smile  going to be to hopefully die in my sleep  night 
lame date  guy had been divorced d: did get my halloween coustume and now back to kingdom hearts   smile 
so   i game so hard that when my hands sweat my fingers prune  try and pwn me now   smile 
"ug, don't wanna go to work "
grilled chicken in a bag
i'm so confused man  i wish just one of them would like me 
could just one things make sense for like two seconds?
that was an amazing dream  if only i could make it a reality 
"his beauty is so unreal  i wish i could just tell him how i feel  damn, i do need to grow a fictional pair "
"well, that was an unsuccessful event    "
what the heck is going on with my body?? i wish it's <propmale> would make up it's mind  geeze 
okay i just spent the last 8 hours playing kingdom hearts    and i lost two pounds    what the fuck??
i'm going to tell him    just not today 
farm  the word is fucking farm  write the word on the fucking paper before i rip your first-grade-add head off  tutoring was so much fun today   smile  only not 
well   all right then 
finally friday   smile 
i believe i may be deeper in shizz than i thought 
"okay, i'm freaking out right now    seriously "
good night  feeling better   smile 
off to go work  be off at six  anyone wanna <propfemale>?
wishes to be productive but there is too much on my mind 
do they offer the course how not to be a dumbass 101 in college? because i know a lot of people who should put themselves in it 
not only am i upset about stuff i am now hella pissed  meds and beds time 
finished rough draft of my college essay  hoping to make changes in my life quite soon 
work until four  comin home and doing some work  no hangin tonight   smile 
only in dreams will i be able to hold his hand 
both essays are done and theater shizz is memorized  ready to go for tomorrow 
today?
sometimes i fell like i'm headin three steps forward and then stumbling six steps back  i just gotta plow through 
needs some dude advice  any dudes around?
me thinks it might be time to declare lost cause  on two accounts 
"you know what, i just try and be friendly  i think all of you are good fucking people and i just want to talk to you  i want us to be friends so you can have someone to talk to  fuck you all, i'm going to bed  sorry for being over dramatic  bleh "
today is the day   smile 
today was kind of the day  still dunno if it's a good or bad thing  i'm ready for this ride   laugh 
oh we're fucked  2012 is going to bite us in the ass  prepare to become the north pole and have 34 hour days 
"well, i believe the essay will have to rest for tonight  it's going to blow ya'alls mind "
"so today was okay, dispite the double bouce my ass created in the theatre room [thank you <propmale>   playful  haha] but then i arrived home where things are not so great "
umsl maybe?
is currently the proud owner of a purplely bruise on her bottom 
my paper on 2012 is going to rock schertel's feeble world! i've never worked so hard and been so proud 
sick of this bullshit  i need to blow off some fucking steem or something 
is about to kick a mother fuckers teeth in  this bullshit has got to stop 
i hope you all choke  but i hope i'll be hanging froma rafter when i see it 
"oh, yay school  with assholes galore "
i think facebook changed    o__o
done with your sorry ass for good  done for good period 
i love revenge of the nerds  those men are sexy as fuck 
had a shitty day  i just want to go in a deep sleep for a while and wake up in a world where everything is better  bleh for my dramaness 
well   that made it worse    today was a really bad day  i haven't had one of these in quite some time  damn 
"feels like crap, for serious  called out of work, feel guilty  but sent in my webster app  i wanna see paranormal activity so bad "
going to see paranormal activity  still don't feel well but oh well 
fuck that movie for serious 
cannot beat yuffie and <propfirst>  troubled  pissed off 
i am going to go get a latter      
my halloween costume is almost complete 
going to be a fanfuckingtastic weekend   laugh 
can do the kessil run in less than 12 parsecs 
the ignorance of my generation makes me weep for the future 
once again lost 
this is halloween!
um   trick or treating with my little cousins and then no parties  come home and play some more kingdom hearts   guess i'm a lame teenager   
so sick of this bullshit 
work 8 to 4  bye 
let's not even discuss today please 
wow  it's good to know that i can't even be myself around my best fucking friend  good to know 
senses a plot to destroy the jedi 
work til close   peace 
my parents are arguing about chicken    are you serious??
had an epic day with bryan!   but now   not feeling too hot  actually feeling pretty shitty about myself   
"i have the perfect analogy to my life: i suck the <propmale>, i suck and i suck  i'm doin a great job but then he pulls back fuck you and life comes in my eye  life walks away and laughs  that is my life  one big cum bucket in the eye "
why do we say: you can't have your cake and eat it too ? if we can't eat our cake then why the hell do we even bake a cake?! these sayings need to be thought through better 
life got more complicated today  i feel like i'm just jogging in place  damn 
watchin super <propfirst> bros  night 
not being able to sleep because i can't stop thinking of him will be end of me 
let's see how today goes with three hours sleep   
i give up 
at this point i have no one to turn to 
fucking douche bag asshole  fuck you  you make me feel like shit anyway!
"ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh penispenispenispenispenispenispensiiflppesnnes  oh, penis "
what did i do?
takes a massive shit on life and then takes a nap 
every sperm is sarcred!         in my mouth!
holy shit!
going to <propfemale> out with t-unit and <propmale> tonight  gonna have a blast!!  laugh 
awesome night with <propfirst>!  laugh 
umsl today
umsl  you have nothing on webster  i take a shit on your school 
so much for a productive saturday night 
work 9 to 2  peace 
wishes he was here 
"awesome new limmerick: there once was a man from <propfemale> tucket  he pointed to his crotch and said fuck it  i said no thank you sir, i don't think my fur would much enjoy clymidia "
i have an evil plan  seniors   get ready 
orange jello!
tuesday's are the day from hell  -_-
i just can't take this anymore  and i can't talk to anyone   
nope  that made it worse 
done with all of this 
awesome  my webster app is just floating in space 
needs to blog 
attention males: can a penis cum if it is not erect? <propfirst> jones says it can  is this true?
took a stand 
"it's a choice between being someone you're not and having a lot of friends or being true to yourself, respecting yourself, and caring about yourself and having few friends "
"don't even ask; tonight was a fucking trainwreck  i just wanna end all of this unbearable pain          and for nick: \and then she broke up with me \"""""
not working tonight  keeping this whole day to myself 
yum  parents fighting in the we hours of my awakening  i need to get the fuck out of here 
lucky number slevin = epic awesome 
"i really, really hope that before they get a <propmale> to film the next twilight movie that <propfirst> pattinson gets horrible mutilated, burned or mauled so he is so hidious that no one ever wants to look at him again  and then twilight will be ruined and i will be victorious "
as my evil family plans are thawted i must retire for today 
had a radical day at work!
stop biting my head off if i can't give you a ride! no means fucking no!
finally caught up on house and south park 
you have never met a hairier dog than waffles 
"oh, yes april, there's no reason you should have low self-esteem  absolutly no reason at all  -___-"
badger badger badger badger badger
only in <propfemale> can you have a holiday where all you do is eat  happy fatassgiving you filthy retarded <propfemale>ns 
let's not discuss today 
might as well kill myself  got a fucking c in algebra ii and now my gpa is shot and i can't go to webster  good to know i'll work at burger <propmale> for the rest of my life and will never amount to anything   smile 
has a sexual activity survey  if you would like to take it for my research paper that would be great! you will remain unkown  just comment and i will send it to you   smile 
"most moving thing i've read in a long time: a seven-year-old being taught about gays and lesbians said, \i think people should not be homophobic; it makes gay and lesbian people feel sad \"" that is beautiful """
"god, i fucking love fantasia  the music moves me "
"well, thanks to everyone who made sure i had a great holiday break  fuck you  die  seems i have no friends   smile "
"okay, i've calmed down a bit  sorry everyone  gonna go write   smile "
"nevermind, i want to dropkick a baby midgit into a retard   troubled  can't this just go away man?"
feels worse      
so    it was a bad day followed by a very adventurous night   laugh  excellent 
it's all bullshit  it's all bullshit and it's bad for ya  and i'm not dealing with your bullshit any longer   smile 
no snow in wentzville  :[
well    i thought things were turning around for the last two days    apparently not 
ugh work in an hour 
"guess what? i just tried to confide my problems in a friend and guess what they told me: \i think you need to calm down \"" fuck off everyone  i thought you were my friends but you are nothing more but uncaring moochers """
gonna go see 2012  by myself  seeing as i have no friends that are good enough friends to go with me   smile 
saw 2012  fucking amzing movie  go see it right now! put me in such a better mood 
going to see 2012 with again with <propmale> tonight 
needed this day off 
i'm a bad daughter   
i feel really floaty 
just had some wicked hallucinations while driving   laugh 
tomorrow mrs  schertel better get an umbrella because i'm going to get a huge ladder  -_____-
dunno        
almost an amazing dream 
i guess i was never good enough 
i wish i was dead 
this will be depressing: i have given up hope  i honestly feel like i have nothing  i need new friends     none of them care about me   i can't e playful lore what i want to e playful lore  i can't be myself  i can't talk to them  i can't trust them  i have nothing here  i hate what i have become  i hate that i wasn't good enough for him    i hate that i'm this depressed about it    
life sucks  for now anyway 
webster finally got my app     now to wait    
well    i thought you would be there for me   i guess i was wrong 
my boss is setting me up with a dude i worked with at the main street store   smile  i'm excited 
thanks mum for making me feel like shit! you're so good at it!
work made me feel loads better  smile ]
come on    please    
poop 
i think all hope is lost and i would do better to abondon it 
just talked on the phone for two hours with <propfirst>  smile 
just trying    come one    
fuck 
suck on that mrs  schertel! i finished your final paper in one night! i beasted through that mother fucker!
i'm not sure how that went   i like him though   smile ]
going to eat at imo's  tomorrow with with <propfirst>   smile ]
nervous for date  bleh  i hate it when i become all girly   playful 
still don't know if he likes me of not    boys are confusing   annoyed 
must be patient  must wait for him to make the moves  *twitches* hate   waiting 
i effing love magneto 
4 hours    i can do this 
"finally, the long days alone reserved for nudity and masturbation are finally here "
desires to talk with someone special  but doesn't want to bother him 
waiting  waiting  waiting  waiting 
i'm so unsure of myself    
furnace is broked  it's cold 
we have no heat all night  laugh  <propfemale> fucking christmas 
good night 
i'm going to poop 
had a great night talking to <propfirst> for four hours   wink 
<propmale> care <propmale> passed! suck it!
heat! we have heat!!
sherlock holmes rocked balls  i identify with holmes   laugh 
i hate having christmas over at my house  it's mornings like these i don't like christmas at all 
penis 
wanna know what <propmale> says in the south park intro: i like girls with big vaginas  i like girls with big fat titties 
slowly but surely 
i've discovered i'm only attracted to <propmale> jackman when he looks like wolverine  otherwise he kind of just looks like a pretty boy fag   playful 
"the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love, and be loved in return "
i loved monsters vs  aliens  i want a b o b   smile ]
i hate birth control pills  they have been nothing but trouble ever since i started them 
"time to start getting ready for my date  oh, hamburgers am i nervous "
date is going well 
finally 
work to be done 
i'm so glad to see so many people will be having fun new years  come visit me at burger <propmale> in lsl as i will be closing tonight 
:[
shut the fuck up 
had an awesome dinner with <propmale> gordon-forbes  and <propfemale> edwards!!
birth by sleep: two down one to go 
double dosed on meds  feel awesome  no more problems here 
all better   smile 
waiting for my fag to text me so we can get this show on the road 
last night of break was amazing 
today's goal: beat kingdom hearts 
"beat kingdom hearts  now on to number two after a short break  oh, p s  fuck ice titans "
so    i am not an obama fan anymore      pretty fing disappointed right now 
fuck no  all the happiness shall end when i enter the seventh circle of hell tomorrow 
getting up this early to go to a pointless place should bre labled as child abuse 
visited the lake of fire today and was drowning in a sea of retardation 
i need your advice people  should i keep taking math? i got a 20 on my act   i still haven't gotten accepted to webster but i don't plan on taking math in college for my major     i'm unsure of what to do   
wish the fag would text me back god dammit!
fuck 
haiku for my entry for webster: fort zumwalt north high the seventh circle of hell i'm sorry i'm dumb
starting to freak out now   annoyed   not good  come on   
off to work  -_-
primus rocks so hard 
great  i get to go all the way out to planned parenthood today -_- guess i'll go to the mall too  -_-
why do people add me when i don't know who they are and or have never met them personally?  surprise 
"just had a dream that i told hades, the god of the underworld, i would banish zeus in return hades would get me in to webster  and then i married hades    fucked up dream "
did you know <propfirst> hamil did the voice of the the joker and batman: arkham asylum ?
hanging with the boy tonight  hopin he asks me something pretty important   wink 
finally taken   wink 
well that was a messed up dream 
time for work
just waiting for a couple of hours of awesome with the boyfriend 
the power of my boobs never ceases to amaze   smile  guess what i've been doing  ~~
my mouth hurts so bad because nobody makes me smile like you baby   smile 
i love <propmale> <propmale>
-_- loooong day  least i get to see my bby
damn
is done with fast food 
attention everybody! i have the sharpies! it is now time to commence the signing of my car!! starting tomorrow through graduation my car is now available to sign   laugh 
is really depressed 
i'm really unhappy  :[
bleh  just fuck it 
feels a little better  but i wish it was saturday 
uggghhhh come on    i hate the waiting game 
yup  i call bullshit 
-_- well  i can see that this is going to last long  -_-
i'm confused
*sigh*
i'm a <propmale> and it just keeps getting worse 
-_- fuckkkkk  super fuckkk
so i discovered many things today: i am not a real person but a very bad girlfriend  :[
got aim darthwindows@aol com
i think i really fucked up this time
that was the most awful dream of my life  :[[ i'm sorry i was such a bitch  :[[
*facepalm*
i'm such a <propfemale>  i was watching the last episode of that's 70s show and i bawled 
finished script for webster now just to shoot it 
hangin with my boo 
work 5 to 9
so the same guy who directed where the wild things are directed being <propfirst> malkovich  if you've ever seen bjm you're really confused right now 
oh geeze    work 
go rent being <propfirst> malkovich now  seriously amazingly messed up 
"yep, <propfirst> is pretty awesome "
poop 
i miss my boo  as gay as that sounds 
i hate school  a lot 
the dementors can stop mating now -_-
why the hell isn't it friday?
work 5 to 9 missin the boo  not a good day at all 
awful night at work 
i am seriously not pleased with him right now  -_-
i'm really disappointed in myself 
feels better 
waiting for the boo 
my boyfriend has blonde pubes   smile 
my mom has lost her mind 
can't wait til tomorrow night 
can't wait for tonight
cannot wait to <propfemale> out with the boo 
i knew it! that fucking slut! there goes a good kid :[
stayin home 
i'm fat -_-
d-bo this is the most confusing paper ever assigned 
i hate life 
"dear ms  dubois and your u s f p  paper, please suck my left nut and choke on it and die  lots of love, april   smile "
i feel like a great big pile of shit 
is hoping big time 
i'm awful lolololol
much better night
had another really shitty day 
finally! i know where it all came from  i've revisited it 
better  not good but a little better 
i wish i looked better  :[ i'm fat and ugly 
sigh  annoyed 
how am i going to make it through this week without you?
i love dance of the hours by leopold strokowski
my dad is an absent asshole 
i am nothing to you but a shadow  you see me like everyone else sees me  nothing 
do not text  for those of you who give a shit  i am turning my phone off to avoid my boyfriend's texts  he ignors me? i'll ignore him  -_-
i'm drowning  i can't breathe  something is about to happen and i am so sorry 
feel so much better
"had to leave school  had a panic attack after the college lady talked to us  i cannot do this  i can't it's over  2 febuary 2010: april no longer has dreams, only memories "
me = moron  i need to read things more carefully  future is back on   troubled 
workin time  5-9  woop  feeling loads better 
finally thursday  smile ]
going to see antigone tonight  laugh  going with the boo! then afterwards    ~~ heh heh > smile 
"i have a huge hickey and i have to work tomorrow  crap  oh well, totally worth it "
work tonight  gotta bandage my battle wounds   refer to my last status  my neck is stiff and sore as shit  serious business last night   smile 
it's gonna be nice sleepin in tomorrow   laugh  yes 
had an amazing night with <propfirst>
can't wait for next weekend  damn you week of hell at school  go away and bring on coranation valentine's day  i need my boo 
oh yeah  laugh 
kingdom hearts ii is like lotr of video games  it just keeps ending and ending  -_-
i am the most awful girlfriend in the world 
everything is much better
once again judd apatow disappoints me  sorry dude but <propmale> rogan just ain't that funny 
finished all my shit for webster yo! driving up there tomorrow to hand it all in  18 days before the deadline  laugh  oh yeah 
lolol who called it like ten years ago? http annoyed  tv yahoo com blog mtvs-big-change--981
dropped my stuff off at webster  now to wait    
i know this will sound horrible  but it's the truth  i honestly do not like my dad  i no longer love him or have any respect for him  i miss the days when he used to care and be a father   annoyed 
i swear if you forgot i'm gonna start ripping balls off 
okay  starting to freak out  but i know i'm just being silly  it's fine  it's fine 
i am seriously ten seconds away from having a panic attack and flipping my lid 
i am so pissed right now  i'm pretty sure my spirit has left my body 
i just want the nightmare to end and get back tomorrow 
everything is back on track 
awesome  the one time i don't want the flu and i think it has come to greet me 
i miss my best friend  i just keep wondering what happened 
omg omg omg can't freak out 
i'm going to voit everywhere
amazing time with <propfirst>  perfect 
wow cool  my mom punched a hole in the wall 
something isn't right with me  something doesn't feel right   this is good 
at least i will have <propmale> python to make me feel better 
i'm really sad all of the sudden 
"i never mattered, especially to you   annoyed "
i wish i meant to you like you meant to me 
i have been accepted to webster! life may now commence being awesome 
if i were ever to make love to a soda grape soda would be it 
"oooohhhhhh, that's why big bro quit talking to me   gotchya"
yup    work 
new phone  pretty cool 
i'm plotting my last few months at fzn  be afraid  be very afraid    
i love talking to <propfirst>  he always makes me laugh   smile 
it amazes me how offended people are by mords and how seriously they take them 
waiting   i swear he's worse than a woman 
i'm sad  good night
so the thing to counteract the good news of webster happened  my car transmision is going out  i got to go half way down hwy p in neutral!
i'm investing everything  and getting little in return  i think it's my fault 
wow  it wasn't a shitty day at all  sarcasm
i would do anything for you  i just want your happiness  if i can't do that i serve no purpose  i hate myself 
i'm the worse girlfriend ever 
i woke up   god dammit
totally didn't just buy a kingdom hearts ii poster 
waiting for the mcboo
just woke up    ohhh yeah   smile ]
just when i thought the sickness was over -_-
i hate you monday
shut up  kick ass 
i honestly don't know how i feel about this anymore  :[
wow  i love this shitty feeling  laugh  i just want to dance the fuck around 
well i still feel like crap 
man    what am i gonna do?
going to go <propfemale> out with the boy   oh geeze what am i going to do   annoyed 
i almost forgot happy birthday  theodor seuss geisel  better known as dr  seuss  or as i call him the seuss   smile 
i dunno  nothing changed and nothing will    i guess i'll just have to tough this one out   
i've listened to everyones advice  i don't know what to do  even though what will happen is inevitable 
i did something wrong  i just want this pain to go away  thank you 
it's going to be a really bad day 
i am thinking with a deep intensity
gotta keep on keepin on 
i have a secret  it's on my feet  and i won't be telling you 
god dammit   can i just be happy for about ten seconds?
everything is going to be okay  i just gotta make it through tonight 
i just made it into the film program at webster  holy shit   this is really happening   holy fucking shit balls 
i think everything might be okay    
busy day ahead
just keepin on keepin on 
just waiting   what's new   
oh yeah    that's what i'm talking about   wink 
reservoir dogs is fucked up  tarantino you amaze me 
wow  i just lost my best friend  cool   um   i have no friends 
dandy 
finished misery now on to <propfemale> 
made it 
misery the movie was highly disappointing  :[
anytime now 
i am the scum of the earth and probably the worst thing to ever live 
not good  not good at all  :[ oh dear 
i royally fucked myself 
a little better
money order to pay my ticket  new pet (guenia pig or drawf hamster) and all day boredfest and then the boo tonight  gotta make it up to him  big plans  wink 
got a geunia pig named obi <propfemale> kenobi
waffles discovered obi <propfemale> and is flipping her lid 
your lies bounce off me like <propfemale> pong balls   smile  lol
i sometimes think of 6 imposible things before breakfast
"i smell like lube, come and balls  all in all a good night   smile "
work from 5 to 9 playing with obi while i get ready for work 
just me and obi <propfemale>  chillin out after work  woot 
"my guinea pig can poop in its own mouth  and no, i'm not kidding "
i have a monster headache :[
been playing kingdom hearts for about five hours now   smile  all nighter?
going to work  hopefully <propfirst> will be up to hanging out tonight 
work sucked balls
just me and obi <propfemale> today
"dear dumbass burger <propmale> custmers, do not put hand prints on the front doors  they make push plates for a reason  love, april "
my guinea pig is chewing on my math book  smart pig? i think so 
i just want today and this week to be over 
only gonna rock a half day today  i'll make it 
hawaii: june 10th - 22nd  oh yeah   smile 
my back is killing me 
"dear kids who use the bike path by the deer run library, you are disgusting little fuckers who need to clean up after yourselves  love, april p s  we stole your tools > smile "
good weekend  had a good night with the boo   and i didn't kill myself working   smile   four days this week  yay 
i sorta miss my boyfriend right now  lol
saw she's out of my leauge  great! it has a great message 
i'm going to be sick  d:
a day with the family  i hate holidays  -_-
jerk my come crayon and let me color you white   smile 
my boyfriend is pretty excellent  smile 
work 5 to 9  yay 
birthday week mother fuckers!
allergies   plz fuck off 
"lots to do today  make invitations, clean the house, watch whip it and mythbusters, play kingdom hearts, write my thank you letter, work on my short story for mr  hylton's class  crazy crazy   smile  birthday week mother fuckers!"
i hate allergies  -_-
used a whole box of kleenex today  my nose is raw and i hate spring  -__-
so far not so good    
i just realized i take a lot of pills 
this is such a big decision for me   i'm not sure what to do   ugh  poopers 
less than 24 hours left of being a minor  better go do something dangerous 
dildos and porn dildos and porn dildos and porn dildos and porn 
attention all of facebook: i broke the rule  the deed is done  i hopped on the good foot and did the bad thing  i've been deflowered  my innocence is gone  i've fucked  i may now die because life is sweet   smile 
registering for classes todauy at webster
is now a regestered student at webster university for the fall of 2010
awesome party and weekend thanks to everyone who came  laugh  thanks for my gifts  laugh 
some people really need to chill out and mellow down  lol
well i'm going to fail this paper
you know what?? fuck this  i'm making shit up 
so remember how we thought my perversion might wane afterwards   it's way fuckin worse  look out  i am now untamed 
"had sex, feel great  good day   smile "
just learned my parents have never used condoms  good to know my parents are retards   troubled 
fucking bullshit
workin five to nine then napp then sex  yes!
prom was good  kick ass was better  it was amazing  go see it 
staying home to finish my u s f p  paper
guess who doesn't give a fuck about 420? me  so blow me you morons 
work was gay  good day off though  finished my paper 
"honk was awesome  <propmale>, <propfirst> and <propmale> were very believable in their characters "
wow for only a few hours sleep i'm hella awake
ugh
why are some people so fucking stupid?
yes! new smodcast!
well it's going to be a shitty ass week
i think it's cute how my mom thinks we're supposed to cater to her 
shit week ahead 
i'm in trouble   i never thought these thoughts would come  and i can't tell anyone  for they would ruin me     
fuck this i give up 
pullin an all nighter for the speech
all nighter turned out to be a two hour-er  thanks to <propmale> aholt my speech is looking pretty amazing  thanks sir   smile 
yay for <propfirst>!!  joyful  me happy for hers!!
awesome my boyfriend just flipped his fucking car 
bf is okay  just got home  no school tomorrow 
fucking great  ugh 
very unhappy right now 
broiler broke at work tonight what fucking fun 
what a night
lots to do today  might want to get started
i love smodcast a lot
i am about 10 seconds away from flipping shit 
"relieved  yay  oh, and de-bo can go suck a nut "
can't wait to spend time with my boo   smile 
i never thought i'd feel this way about anyone  i know it sounds gay but it's how i'm feeling 
primus in august? hellz yeah!
talent show auditions were hilarious 
tool and primus this summer? hawaii and an awesome boyfriend? excellent 
i see pregnant teenagers  surprise 
my boyfriend is great   smile  and also good at sex   smile 
things that pissed me off today: mohawks and hicks 
korbin got tool tickets  i'm fucking stoked 
ll is right with the world again a
"well, fzn since you have shown me you no longer want me around i will be announcing my retirement  i'm coming to school and graduation that's it  everything i own from the school will be burned and i will not be participating in any senior activities  apparently i'm too big of a risk to have on stage  screw you fzn, student council and sutton  thanks for the miserable times "
very tired now to do homework
i'm sick of this fucking bullshit  i'm about to wash my hands of the whole thing!
ugh 
i love  weiners so much it's in scientific notation   smile 
decided instead of throwing a basket o' babies off of a <propmale> i'm going to throw a basket o' fetus' off a <propmale>
work 5 to 9 
i made myself clear  i <propfirst> the line  you crossed it  i've had enough 
work 9 to 3  applying new places and then double date with <propfirst> with jenn and <propmale>  iron man 2 and dinner  smile 
nothing like some good 'ol exercise   smile 
stuff 
why can't i ever do anything right by you?
it's good to know once again it's all my fault  -_-
what a night  and senior awards was gay as fuck 
it's time for a change and i'm okay with that   smile 
my guinea pig is so silly  she makes me  smile 
i think i might make it 
god dammit! the one day they call me in i can't come in because i have a gay paper to write!  troubled 
just realized a little too late i'm so screwed on this paper  oops 
this is gay  troubled 
well that was even gayer
gonna go <propfemale> out with <propfirst>  had a family movie night   smile  obi is adorable  work tomorrow 5 to 9   smile 
off to the salt mines 
lots to do today  wait until everyone sees my car  > smile 
car is finished ~~ wait til you all see tomorrow  > smile 
i fucked up my leg
decided not to participate in the prank  with everyone arguing about it i feel it's a waste  with everyone being so childish i don't even want to be involved or accociated with my class  can't wait to blow this popstand 
"singing of my car was epic!! thanks to everyone who made it great  i hesitate to say that   oh well, i love you guys! most of you anyway "
ready to shut up and kick ass 
i made it 
i don't miss it already   smile 
i swear to <propmale>  fuck no 
seriously? you're 22 years old now and you still want to play games like a high schooler? i'm better than that 
i basically just want to poop in somebodies mouth 
fun today gon go drop dead now 
"someone i've never met just sent me a message \fuck you ugly peice of shit burn in hell\""  i am currently giggliy """
just not happy with myself right now 
just going to pimp around in my cap for a while 
uh oh    april has her diploma   and grad night is tonight   uh-ohhh   ~~
after tonight the thought of never stepping inside the fort again makes me more happy than anyone can ever imagine 
not going to party  not going to drink  going to sit at home and do nothing   smile 
guess i'll get started with my day  lol
work 5 to 9  laugh 
"video games, guinea pig, sleep or sex with boyfriend  still trying to convince him  oh and bye bye <propmale> :[[[[[["
"cleaning excerise {legit, like stretching and walking the dog} more cleaning, errands, elementary school, nap, <propfirst> hood, swimmin with boo  then sleep for work at nine tomorrow   laugh "
freaking tired 
so   um   yeah  -_-
i'm pissed annoyed and i feel like fucking shit  hate life and i hate myself  going to bed 
and now i'm really pissed  fucking ignorant people 
ugh :[
i need to get an eye exam  i'm having problems seeing  :[
annoyed 
i love south park  work 4 to 9
i seriously can't stand people anymore  you're stupid 
work 9 to 5  can't wait for this weekend to be over
fucking tired 
my guinea pig is acting so funny and is so cute  joyful 
9 to 2 <propfemale> tired  hawaii in 5 days
fleshlight: an end to fist fuckery   smile 
i just realized i used to be a lot more opinionated  now i'm just sleepy  oh well  haha 
giving lady gaga a try here 
"i'm sorry everyone, but i will admit that i am now a lady gaga fan  i know, unlike me  but sometimes change is good   smile "
ugh  not feeling too good about myself today 
pretty pissed off right now  ugh
i'm a very very bad person 
feels quite a bit better 
pa-pa-pa-poker face  russian roulette isn't nothing without a gun and when it's love if it isn't rough it isn't fun   smile 
so this morning i locked my keys in my car while it was running and had to wait a little over an hour to get the car open  then while i was getting gas the wind blew my car door open so hard that it broke it and now i can't use the driver's side door  -_-
i think i'll watch a movie and play some zoo tycoon 
road head  smile 
i can't stand them fighting anymore! hawaii can't come fast enough  tomorrow in fact 
t-minus 15 hours to hawaii!!
well  i'll be leaving for the airport in 20 mins  peace stl hello hawaiian sunsets!
back from hawaii
should probably go to sleep now  haven't really in two days lol 
not feeling like myself 
feeling much better
so i was excited for the green hornet  then i found out <propmale> rogan was playing the lead  awesome  won't be seeing that movie 
bleh
cool i have really bad cramps 
awesome  let the depression set in 
under no circumstance do you try and one up the mentrating april  it's just not smart or safe   smile 
work five to nine  hope i haven't missed too much 
"why do the \smokey the bear people\"" put <propfemale>'s dad on the \""only you can prevent <propmale> fires\"" ads? if you really want me to prevent <propmale> fires you would put real animals on there  because if <propfemale>'s dad burns alive i'll just turn off the tv and play games instead """
weird to be back at work 
very happy  smile 
"workin five to nine  gotta train a new girl  working with <propfirst> tonight!  laugh  then it's off to spend the night day at <propfirst>'s  heaven scent, snow biz and then tool concert!"
had a lot of fun with korbin and <propfirst> at the tool concert  also just learned <propmale> mckellen is gay   surprise 
so  tired   worked   11 hours    *dies* not really  feet just hurt 
love my bf he's pretty awesome  lol
i fucking love lady gaga 
is finally going to get to see toy story three
toy story 3 really hit home  it was amazing and i bawled my head off 
gonna be okay  just dance 
lame day at six flags with my parents  annoyed 
work 9 to 4 then fireworks shopping with <propfirst> then maybe toy story three then swimming then sex  laugh 
had a very nice night   smile  now off to sleepy land  lol
workin tonight  woop 
sore from all the running and working yesterday lol 
ahahahahahahaha freedom fest? only in <propfemale> lmfao
"work 12-8 then blowin shit up with <propfirst>, <propmale> and korbin"
"had a lot of fuckin fun blowin shit up with korbin, <propfirst>, and <propmale>  just took a massive shit: my asshole is on fire   yum bbq  gon swim then have a bit of weiner   smile "
"work 5-9  off tomorrow and then no more days off\ til next monday   smile  that's m-o-n-e-y so sexy, i "
work was pretty nice  not too much  got out on time  now gonna write or play some kingdom hearts something like that 
cleaning up the house  work out  mall for sex books and other sex related items  birth control pills  therapy  then <propfirst> for some good ol fun 
if i may say so myself that was the best sex ever   smile 
work 9-2 the chillin 
boobs 
work 5 to 9  boo is off tonight of course  tomorrow is our six month and we prob won't get to see each other til sunday  oh well  at least i get to see him at all   smile ]]]
actually got to see my boo and have sex with him! work 11 to 5 tomorrow  hope i make it lol 
had a very fucked up dream 
work 9 to 2  ugh 
work was not all that cool today but i had <propfemale> and <propmale> there to make me laugh  shopping for <propfirst>'s present and then prob going back to sleep  or i'll read haha 
i think they should make boob pillows  i would buy one 
is seriously going to have a <propfemale> wars wedding 
gotta hit the hay work at 11!
work was dumb 
 annoyed 
going to go see dispicable me   laugh 
despicable me was very wonderful  now watching a doc called evolve  i love science!
losts to do today 
i look back on some of the dudes i've dated and i think now   what the fuck was i thinking man  three in particular 
car hood won't open  uh-oh    :[[
is time to say good bye to the caravan  the hood is unaccessable 
"well, put money down on a 1998 plymouth voyager   getting rid of my <propfirst> soon  the new one will never be the same  i'm actually very sad  so many memories   i guess this really means moving on   "
little miss sunshine is amazing 
so    tired    
now owns a 1998 plymouth voyager  just   isn't the same 
my boobs feel really really heavy
i just had a series of very fucked up dreams 
"work 10 to 2  comin home cleaning up, workin out  nap? <propfirst> time which will include swimming, sno biz movies and sex   smile  have a good one "
so glad i didn't take summer session   smile 
i honestly don't even want to go to webster anymore  i don't even want to do this anymore  i'm not even worth any thing 
cool  my self esteem just lowered by 900% 
<propmale> ries just improved my day   smile  i found my sun glasses because of him 
time to get rid of this fat ass 
i just don't know about all this anymore   
feeling much better today   smile 
anyone remember <propfirst> rasher from like 7th grade? he works with me now 
work 11 to 3  off tomorrow! going down to webster 
off today  going down to webster  joy  boo not off til tomorrow night 
"went to webster  hella stressed  went to target to get stuff for dorm  more stress  but gaming for now, movie with mom later  then eating with <propmale> tonight  i know he'll make me feel better  he always does "
makin din for the boo and takin it to him then ihop with <propmale> nom nom nom
had a fuckin awesome night with <propmale> and <propfemale>! these dudes are rad to <propfemale> out with  laugh  however i feel so full i think i might e playful lode 
work 9 smile 0 to 5  yay 
"i think it is very cute that people just want to hate on everything  you know one thing i have learned, don't hate  indifference and repect and love man   smile "
saw inception  very good  very good  my type of movie 
work 10 to 3  woop  then i'm going to come home and relaxxxxxxx
tradition!      tradition!
i'm done with this allergy bs
work 10 to 3 again  woop money 
"is it really that difficult to purchase, open and apply condoms? seriously!? stop over populating the world with more dumbasses!!"
yumm apple juice 
i'm so confused  ugh
why is everyone at webster like 100000000 times more pretty than i am? -___-
is beginning to freak the eff out 
had a nice day off 
wokin 12 to 9 woopie   at least i'll get to set up the cat and dog pop 
worked an extra hour  nothing new there  tomorrow off though  two appointments one at one and another at three  hope to get to see my boo tomorrow after he's done with all his stuffs 
okay then   whatever 
appointments and then coming home to relax 
appointments went well  going shopping with my mama then chillin 
"shopping went well  boo \wants to see me\"" lol  cute  probably going to the park  gaga for now """
10 hour shift ahead 11 to 9 probably going to be an 11 to 10  woop woop
i have the worst headache ever  today at worked and then bad news for a real good friend of mine which made the night worse  -_- just wanna go to bed 
work 3 to 9  ugh  so glad this is not going to become permanent  working full time in fast food sucks -_-
work 10 to 5  ugh  so tired   
worked sucked  thought it was never going to end  going to nap then boo time 
i hate people -_-
can't fucking sleep 
"just had a weird dream about twilight,work and my guinea pig  -_-"
not in a good mood 
horrible fucking day 
"well, at least it's only a slight fever -_-"
wants the next eight hours to be over so i can have my two days off 
feeling better today  ready to relaxxxxx
"almost added one of my favorite teachers  then i thought \oh god! what if she read my status updates!\"" then i quickly left the <propfemale> d:"""
know what the problem has been  i just broke out all over my arms   i'm allergic to my guinea pig :[[[[[
fleshlight: you can fuck it too much 
is not allergic to my guinea pig! at least not as much! the rash came from my computer chair!!  smile ]]
getting my plate transferred then seeing dinner for schmucks with my dad 
happy birthday <propfirst> smith you are 40 today!
i'm beginning to wonder about webster    i'm reading the freshmen seminar book  they assigned for the summer and in the book itself the woman doing the research had to do the exact same thing: reading a book for a class to have mass discussion and bring us closer together she said that it didn't work    did the administrators even read the book? -____-
good to know that this relationship works only at your convenience 
"i'm pretty sure i have a parasite  i've been having numerous headaches, my neck is now stiff  and that rash still hasn't gone away  cool  maybe i'll die "
work 9 to 5 yay 
i'm just really not sure about anything anymore 
i don't want to be me anymore  can i please be a normal person now  :[
cool  i can't get a hold of my boyfriend and i threw up  sounds fab  -__-
shit about to have an attack here 
work 11 to 5  gehh
i'm brave but i'm chicken shit  alanis morissette i couldn't have said it better   smile 
<propfemale> trek is good 
i'm pretty sure that was the most messed up dream i've ever had 
thinking about starting a video blog on youtube  hummmmm 
i get distracted by boobs a lot 
work 9 to 3  yay
"i'm seriously having second thoughts about webster  if you're going to call me very superficially \hello! i'm the ra on your floor and i just want to welcome you!\"" cool   i don't really like people  \""well i hope we can change that by the end of the yearrr!\"" fuck you  i'm me  leave me alone """
so tired  fuucckkk  so much to doo  :[[
oh fuck 
god damn so much sleeeeppp
work was very gay  smile 
lmfao our dishwasher has been recalled  we've had it for almost four years  lolololololol
something has to change because i can't do this anymore 
better  excited for this day off 
finally figured out how to apply to jobs at webster  gay 
workin 10 to 5 tomorrow  second to last day 
was really gay today glad i didn't work yesterday  laugh 
i'm pissed mizzou ranks higher on best college list than webster  -___- now i really don't want to go there 
finally it's here    my last day at the bk
"everyone needs to chill the fuck out  we're going to college, not dying "
getting more and more agitated with webster  -__- if people are going to be this happy all the time  i'm outie 
i'm gonna just punch something
i almost weigh 140 lbs  :[ ugh i'm disgusting  :[[[
ugh  can't <propfemale> out with boo  too rainy
ugh  just want to get this all over with  you know?
kickin ass on kingdom hearts ii gonna try to beat it today   laugh 
oh dear  starting to freak out  it's coming all too quick 
went for a walk  i'm itchy 
hangin out with jenn at one for our lotr marathon  better get to bed 
good day watching fellowship and towers with jenn  pretty sweet   laugh  especially jenn's commentary lol  but now i'm getting annoyed  gonna go write  zoo tomorrow  hope my boo feels better 
ugh  i hate my body  -__-
ugh  i want to punch something  but i won't  i think i'll go read instead to calm my mind 
i'mma punch him in the wiener 
my boyfriend just sent me a picture of his balls at 2 smile 0 in the morning 
ugh so much to do today and all i want to do is sleeeeeeppp 
yay last day of summer tomorrow  and then let the gayness begin 
so glad i never have to go back to north   smile 
ugh   i don't want to pack  -__-
i'm going to kill a mother fucker i wish i had never had the ambition to go to college because my father is a dumbass and this is complete bullshit 
yay   move in tomorrow  let the anxiety begin 
today is the day that i never thought would ever be here  and all i wish is that i was getting on that elementary school bus that just went by  :[
won't have a computer for a few days so    later gators 
"guess who has a <propmale>? yeahhh <propmale>, this guy "
roommate is pretty gretzky  so woop woop 
seven in the morning  first day of orientation  already ready to have it over with  blehhh
this orientation crap is stupid  i just want class to begin 
"i think i can, i think i can    "
last day of orientation  home tomorrow classes on monday 
"as usual i get along more with people older than me  haha  however, as always, i feel so intimidated by them  i think i'll chill in the dorm "
no longer all wah wah wah  just want to get going  going home today to see the boo  back tonight and classes in the morning  woop woop!
feel gross have a tummy ache  at home  got a new phone  not active yet  i have a real people phone! no more trac phone! going home around eight  gotta do some computer work 
ugh  damn me 
first day of college t-minus 45 minuets 
one more class  only 50 mins then i'm done for the day  i like college  don't have to be tortured for 8 hours a day for no reason   smile 
just had a massive panic attack  yay 
panic over  gonna work on homework til my boo gets here   smile 
better better  <propfirst> came to visit  we watched gran torino snuggled and <propfirst> things      smile  good day 
no class til 5 smile 0  smile 
"is realizing how hard it's going to be to make friends  everyone is always out doing something  i'm not  i like to stay in and read and learn  oh well, i'm enjoying myself hellas   laugh "
i made upper classmen friends! they were awesome! discovering new things! this is wonderful!  laugh 
"class in 30 mins  interview today at three  then home to do laundry and \pick up my check  and go to the library  exciting day ahead   smile "
got inspired by <propfirst> rudd in a dream last night for a new story  and away i go  laugh 
omg first status from the phone
anyway great day  just chillin at home <propmale> out with <propfirst> back to the dorm tomorrow and i'll be back sat to see he boy  mystic valley tomorrow!
still at home gonna leave soon  gotta get all this bs worked out with my ipod  pretty stupid  class at three woop 
you know looking at all the recent status' on here it looks a lot like bitchbook  it's cool everyone! it'll get better  just look at my cornucopia of status'
i dont like uni 101 the teacher is requiring we get involved
great day with <propmale> and <propfemale>! mystic is pretty sweet  bought <propfirst> kings new book and hannibal rising  along with a meditation book  going to give that a try  tryin more new things baby  sweet sweet  now to write and read   smile 
change of plans home today  only two classes  duces 
at <propfirst>'s house thinking about going to pick up some heaven scent to surprise him   smile 
just had my first real big o  ohhhh yeah 
heading back to school in a couple of hours
made it back to school woop
this has been a very interesting day 
yay for 8 smile 0 classes
this movie is so dumb
class in 20 then back to the dorm to hermit and do homework  maybe i'll <propfemale> with <propmale> today  or play games  p s  <propfirst> beck is so silly lol 
ugh  i need a job i wish someone would hire me  :[
ahhh sitting outside to read right next to the sverdrup building if you need me
sims 3 is indeed pretty sweet lol 
trust me ill be the last one laughing  smile 
idiots   ugh   now back to writing 
breakfast at marlettos was meh  now to finish up some homework do a bit of writing and then onto my interview   smile 
"dear macbook pro and the sims 3, is april gon hafta chocke a bitch?"
off to my interview!
quick interview all of four mins geeze i hope i get the job
"walk, walk passion baby i'm a free bitch baby "
im going to drive my head through a wall
i wanna go home 
is friday here yet?
okay  took a breather and now even though i'm annoyed i must keep my <propfemale> up  for i can't laugh at funny things if my head is looking down and my eyes are blinded in tears 
i'm in the <propmale> library doing homework if you need me  couldn't handle it on my floor anymore 
misses my guinea pig 
no more food before bed its causing messed up dreams
headdesk facepalm
poop 
i want to be left alone 
in my hidey hole
applied for four more jobs  got an interview wednesday already  please job come rescue me!!
ugh so sick of this! nose won't stop running!!!
finally  its friday   smile 
some people are so stupid you know? i'm glad i found new friends 
t-minus three hours til home yesssss
so i got to shakespeare and music early and it just me and another kid in here and hes listening to his ipod and drumming with all parts of his body  imma kill
safely at home  smile  where i belong 
what a magnificent night with tyler     if you know what i mean ;}}
today shall be very relaxing  i am stoked 
just spent three hours editing my xanga background <propfemale> lol  went from green day to lady gaga  i would call that a positive change  smile 
had an awful day and night im hella depressed 
poop
playing the waiting game is so much fun especially when it's with friends
so annoyed at this point
i obviously dont mean shit to anyone  whatever
i want to go to a place where nobody knows who i am so i can be left alone and i wont have to interact with anyone  i screw up most everything
it's official i am getting bigger  i had to go up a size in pants  sad 
my guinea pig is so cute!  joyful  i will miss her the four days i am away  can't wait to be back home on friday
"sigh, another job i didn't get  -__-"
i am seriously ready to pack up my stuff and <propmale> the deuces to webster because it has been nothing but trouble 
blah 
ugh bad dream :[[
i feel so ignorant in class  no one wants to hear what i have to say ugh  is it friday yet
just meditated for the first time  i feel    better
"boot camp in 30  then shower, call the boo and then bed "
mediated again  i feel good   smile 
gonna go to the library soon and then class at three and then the gym 
i'm <propmale> yo!
"fun adventure with <propmale>, now for writing then meditation and then alliance tonight!!!  laugh "
peace the fuck out webster  goin home
i'm not tired or groggy  i think today will be a good day 
this college thing better be worth it because everything i've had to go through and all the time i've wasted on the phone with companies has really made me angry 
gaga  i simply love you 
i got a job!!  laugh 
i am so creeped  out right now 
this week is taking forever 
"text to the bf: \i wish you were here i would rip your clothes off  wink \"" his response: \""don't rip them that's e playful ensive \"" *facepalm*"""
thinking about going home to visit my boo tomorrow
some people need to get over taboo things  talk about sex! its great its dirty its fab! its fucking! its natural  get over it 
*chanting* friday friday friday
kind of annoyed  but i like my hermit hole  i wanna watch the addams family
"okay, now i just gotta breathe  damn you hormones "
"what a dream  mmmm, <propfirst> mintz-plasse"
"i don't care if people call me a pussy, devil scared me a little  although the trailer for the last saw looks beast "
my knee hurts  had a nightmare too 
i like <propfirst> aubuchon  he's a pretty cool guy  lots more to do 
is seriously considering setting up my schedule next semester so i can just commute i've had enough of this dorm bullshit 
just chillin 
"writing a bit of <propmale> potter fiction  this is nice, the nostalgia fills my heart with    warm fuzzies?"
made it back to school  i guess yay 
feelin social  take advantage while you can 
better gay batman than no batman at all 
i just spilled my milk everywhere  sweet 
so annoyed with everything webster
i think we're gonna need a bigger boat 
i need birth by sleep 
"watching \saw\"" in the lounge   smile """
officially hired in the box office   smile  woop woop
in a depressed mood now 
had a freakin sweet night with <propfirst> and <propfemale> after boot camp   smile 
sweet i cant sleep  sigh 
yaaaay    8 smile 0 class  never again 
"best friends for ten years and all i get from our oldest inside joke is \lol\""?"""
new hp trailer = epic 
big news: <propfemale> <propfirst> shall rise again 
kind of depressed right now  god damn you woman emotions
everything is now chill 
i dont feel well at all 
\to <propmale> potter," the boy who lived!\""\"59d9ac249c18415e7769858a34f67433,so much is on my mind i dont know what to do 
kid in my shakespeare and music class just got raped by the teacher anout opinion 
wanna podcast? i gotta smodcast!
boobs  that is all 
i seriously hate spending time with both my parents
is officially addicted to world of warcraft  smile 
calming down a little  just going to enjoy the rest of the night playing wow 
ready for friday already 
no phone for a couple of days   smile 
first night at my new job  woop woop 
are you ever in disbelief at others stupidity? me neither  i'm used to it 
aaaaannnnddd i'm awakward 
the more i think about it  it's really weird  he was there and now he's not  :[ i didn't know him very well but i'll miss him   annoyed 
watching  2012  i really hope i'm around to it   laugh 
can't sleep not even tired  damn  no class for april today
waiting   annoyed 
guess who had sex twice tonight  this guy!
wow  ppl need to chill -__-
<propmale> giraldo died yesterday  :[ he was pretty funny  not only is this bad news period but that mean now two more comedians are going to die  god dammit 
going to see the social network tonight 
nice to just chill naked in my dorm room  no roommate tonight  sweet 
i have tried all my life  i'm never going to get humans 
waiting for <propfirst> to get out of the shower and then going home for imo's for dinner   laugh 
cross stitching  workin on my grandmas x-mas present 
thinks that there was more going on in high school than i realized  oh well   smile 
back at school 
just spent an hour in a half ripping out half my cross stitching project bc my count was all jacked up 
yay   8 smile 0 class  -__- and im in a great mood  :[
"library for about two hours, get ready then work til right  cross stitch til 9 then gtv then scriptwriting  what a busy day "
really need to get crackin on this homework that's due in an hour 
i like to throw it down on my chair 
now i know i'll never understand my fellow man 
thinks it's time to stop taking her anti-depressants because she thinks it's making it worse 
"working on two potter stories at once? oh yeah skills, i have "
biggest success of 3 surprise 0 am? finding mr  hylton on skype  epic 
going to help the puppies at the aspca
i'm in such a bad mood right now 
too much noise
just sittin outside writing 
why did i give up some many things i loved just to try and prove to myself i could be better? life was simpler when i didn't think i was better  i have to find a way to just be and like the things i like without fear man  the sturggle of life 
at work on facebook  i suppose that makes me pretty cool 
"hangin with <propmale>, ziggy, <propfirst> s , <propfirst>  woop "
so fucking sick of everything  i hate being at home i hate being at school  hatehatehatehatehate
i'm so disappointed in my hometown  i'm gonna do better than this 
getting ready to bs a paper homes  really pissed off about peoples inability to use birth control 
i can't wait to get a hold of this world  i'mma fuck it up
from now on: you get pregnant you're out of my life  with the exclusion of ayme caldwell bc i love her very much  oh and she's awesome and stuffs 
come on vagina      bleed 
"mmmm, chocolate muffin "
bleh  not feelin awesome 
just waiting for time to pass at work  whoo hoo 
will be offering campus wide bathroom cleaning service after fall break  sign up now!
very moody today 
just picked up my other <propmale> and minor  i am now a double <propmale> in film production and philosophy and a minor in script writing  146 hours in four years? let's do this 
finished with everything for fall one 
still feels awful  yay 
dinner with mom and then red for free  yeah 
things are finally back on track  ready for the cabins with my boo tomorrow 
really hope everything is okay  the guinea pig is all over me right now 
feels hella better  sooooo tired though  fall break this week  a whole week with literally nothing to do  lol 
very weird dream  now to go help my parents with work so i can make some money  yay!
wow is currently down :[[ of course right after i actually buy it  :[
wow is back up  yay!
i whip my hair back and fourth 
going out with <propfirst> in a little bit  got all spiffyed up for him   laugh 
i go out to have a good time for once since school has started and on my way back from the mall my radiator over heats and now i need a new radiator  fml 
thinks she's getting a little too old for teenage literature 
"ahhhh, so nice to be naked   smile "
with all this hostility i'm starting to rethink going to webster 
better thanks <propmale> smith
is addicted to the show jerseylicious  ohhhhhhh the shame  :[[
made it back to school  is it winter break yet?
learned today that you can't bullshit college like you can high school  lots of work to do rewriting a lot of papers 
gotta bite this bullet  let's go homework 
we seriously don't need to have a floor meeting every time you take a shit 
"is not addicted to wow, is not addicted to wow, is not addicted to wow       "
four hour class complete  now for two hours of homework then a two hour nap  then a three hour class  then hope fully paranormal activity 2 with <propfirst> boruff and <propfemale> <propmale>   smile ]]]
"i seriously don't get how any person who is a teenager and pregnant can be proud  also, if you're pregnant and can't spell pregnant someone should just falcon punch you in the stomach cause the would doesn't need any more retards  we already have you    i'm so going to hell  smile "
ohh people  how i tend to offend you all 
has some ideas  i think i feel a change comin on   laugh 
feels like she's going to vomit 
"awesome, i think my big toe is infected  -__-"
 smile ]]]] i win   smile ]
homework = gay
awesome  something else is wrong with my car 
glad it's friday  i get to go home soon!! yay!!
tonight was a fucking blast 
totally just outgrew trick or treating 
i'm so disappointed that people just can't be smarter 
really would like this three day headache to go away 
so much homework to do      aaaannnndddd go 
wtf  am i like a disease? i'm just studying in here i'm not fucking a goat!
being poor is a rather fabulous thing   smile 
i've had a very relaxing day now time for homework and then to the gym 
i think there is something about me where when people at college walk into a room that i am in they feel they must turn around and walk back out  i am a disease 
feelings are all jumbled 
writing this story for creative writing is stressful  -__-
it's so nice  i want to hear the same song twice 
just when the chips are down you come back and do something amazing  i love you 
i'm excited  might go see reel big fish and the aquabats on sunday with <propfirst> and <propmale>  yes!
<propfirst> pryor on comedy central? hell fucking yes 
at the reel big fish concert with <propfirst>!! yay!
speakers are playing the urge at the rbf concert while they set up  best day ever? indeed 
concert was fucking epic  i caught <propmale> kolepefstiens pick  my life is complete 
reel big fish =  love 
yay for creative writing class! getting ready to get my literary balls chopped off 
watching return of the jedi with <propfemale> 
"i am so fucking sick of the fact that some people think it's okay to make me feel bad for what i like  i like what i like, fuck off "
work was fucking awful i don't even want to go there  just bleh
me = worst roommate ever  eeek  <propfemale> edwards  better love me forever 
so creeped out right now 
i'm seriously not picking up the fucking pieces  i won't 
omfg  shoes  omfg stfu   smile ]
oh my fucking god  hp and the deathly hallows part one was epic 
i'm so annoyed right now 
is working on some potter 
with the power of april and <propfemale> combined we can find the mysterious phone alarm  ugh 
right now i am happy   smile 
"is it next semester    no, no  next year yet?"
this heartburn is really starting to worry me 
wow is down  :[[ i tried to play my alliance character and shit is fucked to hell  i can't even get to darnassus  this makes me sad  :[ time to go read  smile 
"on wow for like an hour  it's pretty cool  <propfirst> is effing pissed, i hope i can make him feel better "
my hips and back are killing me 
"ahhhh, so nice to sleep in my own bed "
probably the best dream ever 
going to see deathly hallows with my grandma   laugh 
i am itchy  gonna go play wow and then work on some potter 
<propfirst> nielsen died  :[[[[[[
why does everything have to be so damn complicated?
the paperwork is in and now just to wait 
ow  my hip really hurts 
i cannot wait until second semester  everything will be great instead of all this waking up early crap  and everything else 
gonna go learn some creative writing  lol
people with mohawks try too hard 
are you kidding me? i haven't had a problem with my hip all day and the moment i lay down to sleep it starts screamin at me  dammit 
basically the best dream ever about <propmale> saget   ohhhh yeah   wink 
i had another horrible nightmare  ugh 
omg stfu 
ever heard of <propfirst> saunders? check him out  he's amazing 
"teenagers, pregnant teenagers, people who preach abstinence-only are retards  the end "
i'm really depressed 
i could watch <propfirst> dawson videos all day
i don't feel good 
last full week  then two days next week  whoohoo!
must    do   homework
i think <propfirst> mosier is in my scool cafe
slept like shit  feel like shit  now for a four hour class 
"seriously? i don't give a fuck about your legs and your eyebrows  if you don't want to shave them, don't  if you don't want to tweeze them, don't  shut the fuck up "
working on my hp fic
so far so good 
everybody wants to be naked and famous!
i think i'm going to cry 
"come on, get off of work             "
god told me to skin you alive 
"it's not so bad being trendy, everyone who looks like me is my friend  please don't hate me becaue i'm trendy, they're never going to laugh at me again!"
"mmmm, conan  how i want to bite you  you're so yummy "
ready to pitch this screenplay  yeah!
"show don't tell, suck my <propmale> "
"really, you really give a shit about twilight? what fucking fags "
just breathe 
"my vagina hurts, last night was crazy"
i'm really scared and nervous 
i've said it 100 times  never trust anyone 
i love my boyfriend 
had a great night with my boyfriend 
i'm pretty sure that if i never had to get up for anything i would sleep forever
seeing burlesque with my dad  things are about to get awkward 
one year with my boo  tonight was our first date  a trip to walmart and a five hour convo in my room   laugh 
watching a little box of butters with my dad 
"wow  north wouldn't even let me visit  guess this is yet another sign that i really was never supposed to be there  how gay  anyway, saw tron  it was okay "
"sleepy, those were good eggs though "
passed all my classes for my first semester of college!!
has obtained birth by sleep  no mem stick for psp but i'mma try to play it all the way through without saving
jesus was born in august not december  -__-
remember dont trust anyone  especially someone who claims they love you 
no i dont want to talk  leave me alone  i'm a piece of shit person 
stereotypes exist for a reason 
remember that car some of you signed? it's going away today for $200  say goodbye to the falcon 
is sad 
the past seems so far away  like it was a dream or something 
gonna go <propfemale> out with <propfemale> wiechens!!
uhh     yup  new year  so?
really?! the girls in front of us at the drive thru at the bank just took a picture on their phone  fucking seriously?!
great  now what am i going to do?
"just sitting here waiting, what's fucking new?"
i fucking hate prejudice little assholes!!
"oh yeah, great night of sleep "
i had a great night with my wonderful boyfriend 
gonna go <propfemale> out with <propfemale> wiechens!!
awe tummy ache is keepin me awake  and apparently i have to text facebook about it  haha
took a little nap and now to have some me time and then have some awesome boyfriend time!  laugh 
"my night annoyed \the ninth! our one-year of being official \"" me\",59d9ac249c18415e7769858a34f67433,gotta relax  going back to school tomorrow! whoohoo!!
gotta get a pap smear  i want to sell my eggs  laugh 
omfg  finally  time to go back to school  stoked!!
best day ever 
first day of classes or semester two of college! let's do this!!
i want to start a country with no religion 
went to class for an hour and a half and the teacher never showed  yay college 
last class of the week   smile  then a five day weekend  whew! i've worked hard lol!
"dude, it's weird to say this but i miss webster already"
going back to webster today   laugh 
such a good day   smile 
my right ear is all plugged up  :[
kind of melancholy 
i want fucking doughnuts marlettos!! fuck you!
"oh <propfirst> brown, you slay me "
drove in the snow  oh yeah i'm cool   smile 
in a bad mood  :[
heading back to webster  can't wait!!
me and my mommy are gonna order fckh8 shirts
watching clerks with some buddies at school!
in my dorm alone  gonna play some wow til four  laugh  yeaaahhh
going to go <propfemale> out with <propfemale> edwards!
damn  i gotta go to walmart at five  this is not good 
"well, back to being a hermit  smile "
"\i am a piece of fuck  sweet \"" -<propfirst> thompson"""
"dear <propfemale> wiechens, i am sorry i am a bad roommate and wake you up every ten seconds -__-  love april"
"dear facebook, i have very nice boobs  love april"
awesome my birth control pills are gone  i believe somebody stole them 
has located her birth control pills 
i go through all this fucking trouble to find my pills and my boyfriend doesn't even want to have sex tonight  what the fuck 
"really vagina, really?!"
apparently the remake of the classic movie true grit is an instant classic 
"you know what i love about college? the fact that i am now just going to sleep and i don't have to do anything all day today  ahhh, high school, i don't miss you at all "
i'm bringing my boyfriend down to webster tonight  you have been warned ~~
"yay, work with my parents  joy "
i am three seconds away from punching a baby 
watching kick-ass  jizzing everywhere 
going to go play world of warcraft until the wee hours of the morn
there is a possibility that i am the laziest person on earth 
angry and sad 
it is 6:20  i am now going to sleep  <propfirst> 1 please shhhhh 
*laughs evilly*
i just have to breathe 
i think this might be the end     
i'm doing that thing where i start to freak out 
what a shitty ass day  screwed up my project in video i and someone i thought i knew i no longer know 
"sometimes, you just have to accept life as it comes at you  sometimes the truth isn't good enough but sometimes it's the best thing that ever happened to you   love "
just started bawling my eyes out for no fucking reason 
"dear <propmale> wortmann, you just turned my shit-day into the best day ever  love april"
depressed 
stress!!
not sure how i feel about new gaga  i love the message of born this way  i think it's beautiful  but i was e playful ecting a power ballad on piano    not a really generic pop tune   annoyed 
feels real sad  and i can't even talk about it  :[
wow  mom's a bitch today  sorry i don't want to go to the gay family get-together 
let the family gayness commence 
fucking bullshit  i'm not allowed to eat because people aren't here yet  i haven't eaten since six this morning  i fucking hate spending time with my family 
wants to cunt-punch someone 
today has been just dandy  laugh 
gonna write an e-mail and then chill  smile 
"just got rid of an old friend  yeah, one little boy and you're not the person i thought you were  convictions gone, along with your sanity "
not the greatest night 
some would say that i have a dirty mouth 
p in vageee  and my sheets fuckin reek  hahaha 
best weekend ever 
gonna go work out   i think    
yay work 
"thank you youtube, you help me learn   laugh "
locked out :[[
i hate working with a retard and a stuck-up biotch     -_-
"what the hell? why do people find the need to buy ridiculously e playful ensive things? why the fuck would pay 300 bucks for a purse when thousands of kids die each day from malnutrition! plus, what purse is worth 300 bucks?!"
gotta clean up my room and then gonna go to the darkroom 
about to write a very angry blog
lmfao
no longer trusts anyone 
oedipus was the first motherfucker 
i need to urinate 
glad i didn't waste my time on the oscars  did homework instead and was very productive   smile 
today was a very disappointing day 
so many feelings bleh
omfg i'm gonna see <propfirst> smith!!!! march 12th!!
gotta go edit  d:
no fucking donuts  i'm pissed 
gotta get my head in the game 
today i found out how long improvement lasts  about three and a half weeks 
i feel bad 
got my schedule worked out for next fall
back on track and very happy   smile 
my mother is fucking ridiculous  i don't want to deal with this another week 
go see take me home tonight  now 
"saw the big lebowski tonight for the first time in a long time  man, what a great movie  the dude abides "
good morning world 
saw rango  it was pretty good 
and here we are again  i'm depressed 
happy birthday <propmale> gaddis  wish i would have got to know you better  i think about you often   love 
know what i decided to give up for lent? nothing  because i'm logical and not religious!  laugh 
did tornado sirens go off earlier?
really upset and guilty 
guess what? i'm a shitty girlfriend because i make my boyfriend wear a condom every time we have sex 
i have heaven scent donuts   smile 
i can't wait to go back to school 
people are so fucking stupid 
last day at home  yes!
"bitches and hoes, oh, <propmale>'s hoes, oh bitches and hoes, bitches, hoes  bitches and hoes don't exist because the hoes no <propmale>'s a feminist "
at some point or another i'm going to get ready and head back to school lol 
class then work  happy pi day 
it bothers me how false some people make themselves to seem intelligent and impressive 
i can't stand my body  it's gross 
omfg this heartburn is killing me 
awesome  i might have an ulcer 
what if i have stomach cancer?
i will not be drinking today  it's a waste of time  instead i am going to sit outside and read til class 
very bad nightmare 
i don't think my interview went well 
wow  intense night 
"i don't get why people miss high school  high school sucked  grow up an move on, seriously  college rocks tits "
sitting outside writing  fucking love it!
in a really fucking bad mood  steer clear 
dude  i know i'm sexually free and what not but dude   this ain't cool   annoyed 
one of these things is not like the other    one of these things just oesn't belong 
i thinks i gots the flu 
at home feelin like death 
"took a nap, woke up feeling a little better  went to pee and then    suddenly    i wasn't better "
"dear body, i can deal with this flu bc i am strong  but please, regulate your temp  i have a 100 7 fever but i feel like an icecicle  please stop  love april "
felt better now i feel even worse than before  i feel like i'm letting quite a few people down  i feel so awful  vomiting is icky 
"listen, i never usually do this but, shut the fuck up about the snow  it's missouri, the weather is a bi-polar pregnant woman  get the fuck used to it  at least your not starving to death, in a third world country, being raped, being murdered or your pet didn't die  shut up, or get out  for fucks sake "
feeling middle of the row  could be better but so thankful it's not worse 
"feeling so much better! now, on with my life!  laugh "
fell asleep on my rug by accident  way to go me   laugh  lol
loves pooping til i die  :[
loves pooping my guts out for a half hour -_-
think i figured out what i have -_- salmonella poisoning  thanks marlettos 
i literally just want to die  this is miserable 
follow me on twitter to read the fucked up texts my boyfriend sends me: i'm textsfromthebf
feeling much better today 
i fear for the future 
love processing photos  can't wait for photo ii next year 
didn't get the taco <propfemale> job 
why are people so stupid? gender roles disgust me 
got a problem with transgenders? defriended  you have no tolerance? neither will i 
this whole thing is fucking bullshit 
"i look back and i realized i was never really anybody's friend  i'm just one of those people who entertains very well, is always remembered, and just fades away  mission accomplished "
i want to bite <propmale> rickman om nom nom nom
watch saw 7 twice  gonna have some effed up dreams tonight 
glad that it is monday   smile 
awesome  i can't register wednesday  now i won't get the classes i need  thanks a lot webster 
wow financial aid  you tell me one thing and then when my mother calls you tell her something completely different  way to go    fail
not feeling so awesome 
saw united 93 today  it was a nice movie but i still don't believe it 
just read the last five chapters of <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows  i cried like a small child 
all registered   smile 
some people take wow too seriously
12 mothafckin hours til i'm 19 biotch 
"so i saw that the government got their shit together just in time (what a surprise)  but what about planned parenthood? are they okay? what's the deal, man? am i still going to be able to get birth control, pap smears and cancer screenings at an affordable price?"
yay for blogging secretly to make me feel better  smile 
have you been so disappointed in others you're disappointed in yourself 
sometimes i feel like it's just me      and no one else 
who's going to the student employment bbq?!
today is a new day and i'm going to give it a try!
the bbq rocks tits!
i am so fucking disappointed in some people 
i lost two friends today  how sad 
"mmmm, egg "
what an amazing night with my boyfriend  i wish most nights could be like this  i am very relaxed 
<propfirst> fry makes me proud to be an atheist 
now to play world of warcraft
i really am beginning to love photo   laugh 
lolololololol epicness 
"perfect night: white chedder popcorn, smodcast, wow and nudity!"
i am happy  this makes me even happier 
"wow, kids who smoke pot are so cool "
what a day of laughs i had 
let the day begin 
u jelly?
happy earth day! take care of our planet please!
what a dream  haha 
yay for getting some homework done  just gotta make it through this week  i can do this 
nakednakednakednakednakednakednakednaked 
is anyone else having trouble with the wireless?
"chugga chugga chugga, i think i can, i think i can "
i cannot wait to move off this floor and in with my awesome <propmale> <propfemale> edwards 
primus is coming to the pageant may 29th and i will be getting tickets friday  i'm about to poop with fucking excitement 
"sex is the deepest and most beautiful e playful ression of physical love  it should be celebrated, not feared  smh "
"so far, today is a good day "
kinda bored 
so many feelings right now 
i keep having sex dreams about people who i don't want to have sex with 
the fishies have no eyes 
"so  i got tickets to primus  they are in my hands  i was excited, life was good and yay and stuff  i pull into the parking garage at school and my check engine light came on  yup  this is my life "
work was frustrating  on to doing better things 
got some pretty bitchin stuff while garage saleing 
purple onion 
good day so far 
apathy's back in style
guess who doesn't give a fuck? me 
"in honor of all those who lost their lived in the battle of hogwarts, may 2nd 1997  rip remus lupin, tonks, <propfirst> weasley, <propmale> creevey, and the rest "
saw a mousey crossing an intersection tonight  he made it! yay!
let's do this!
will farrell is a fucking bastard  he shaved my sexy-man's beard off  :[[
may the fourth be with you 
me: the <propfemale> brothers are where it's at? jason: the airplane guys? forest: that's the wright brothers
"oh yeah  so i've basically been on summer vacation for 24 hours now   smile  school starts in exactly 3 months, 2 weeks, and 3 days  i cannot wait "
is now the proud owner of a swift white hawkstrider of world of warcraft   smile 
i feel very alone 
hasn't hit me yet      just waiting patiently 
i've been home for an hour and my dad is already stressing me out 
i actually have a higher gpa with this first year of college than i did when i graduated high school  radical 
so pissed off
"wheat toast, grapes and applesauce  now that's what i call breakfast "
omfg! i was on s i r !!! i got to talk to kev smith and <propfirst> mewes!!!
what  a  day 
off to job training in an hour 
