61148f5494ffef5c872f9b1e7f576423
"when all the deeds are said and done, you have to admit, new year's was fun  the drunken brother, the freezing cold    stories like this will never grow old   love "
"is trying really hard not to make every post strictly about him, soooo     yeah, there's nothing else to talk about! lol,  love "
is happyblah   love 
"whoa, <propfemale> is the color of your energy  whoa, shades of gold displaying naturally    <i love my <propfemale> boy  ? >"
"is spending her weekend in dirty jersey    goodbye, cruel world, hello hell   smile  let's hope she makes it out alive "
survived the perils of east orange 
"has fifteen gross buggie bites, most of which are on her right arm "
everybody has a dream    wanna be part of mine?  love 
"god damn <propfemale>    today is going to be a very long day     and noisy, but i like noise   smile   love "
"take my hand, cradle it in your hand  take my hand  feel the pull, the quicksand  i'll lay you down in a clover bed, the stars a roof above our heads  and we'll lie till the corncrake crows, bereft the weight of our summer clothes  and i'd wager all, the "
"has a talent for screwing up one-month anniversary plans    sorry, joshie   heart-broken "
is exhausted    is babysitting the two-year-old from hell    doesn't want to go to work    is frustrated    and is in love   love 
is in a fairly fainting mood    will someone catch me please?
is being attacked by a two-year-old    but what's worse is that she can't seem to figure her life out  what a pity 
oh and i know this of myself: we've listened more to life's end gong than to the sound of life's sweet bells 
"i hardly have people that i needed to know  you're the people that i wanted to know  all this scrambling 'round hunting high and then low, looking for a face, love, or somewhere to go    i hardly have places that i needed to go, cos you're the places that"
is high and superfly   love 
"well, thanks to everyone for their birthday wishes     love   love "
"is out doing college things    heh, last night, my mom and i had a discussion about me now being twenty    god, please, spare me  ilyjbmcg   love "
"my boyfriend doesn't love me anymore  what a sad, sad day   heart-broken  what did i do to deserve this heartache?  crying "
is still alive    i'll get over you  school's starting and i'm taking control of my life once again   
has better things to do than watch everyone else's life fly by   
is better than never 
"admits, okay, according to the dictionary, the word spelled w-a-f-t is correctly pronounced wah-ft, not way-ft as i have been pronouncing it all my life  but i hate the former pronunciation, and so i shall continue to say it the way i like to say it   smile  so sorry guys, whom i said were wrong and crazy  i love you   love "
is deleting people from her myspace  myspace shall strictly be used for music contacts 
"are you my friend when i need one? i need someone to be one  i'll take anybody i can get  sometimes i wanna call you, and i feel like a pest  and i'm lonely, but i ain't that lonely yet   love "
"i want you to tell me what you've always really wanted to tell me, because tomorrow is not guaranteed, and who knows if i'll be dead and gone? just say what you need to say  please "
"now realizes, with much heartfelt contentment and satisfaction, that she is much prettier without makeup   love "
is going to the cityyyy  woot   love 
is planning her next big adventure   
"so if i had a <propmale>, would you let me know?"
"i'm sick  i am sick, and my fragile little body can't handle this pain  i know i need help, but i can't do this alone  is anybody out there?"
is laughing inside 
still has a giggle in her heart dying to come out 
you're a zero  what's your name? no one's gonna ask  you better find out where they want you to go 
is it strange to try and get a gay man to fall in love with me?
"well, i may be just a fool, but i know you're just as cool, and cool kids, they belong together "
"well, everything must belong somewhere  i know that now, that's why i'm staying here   love "
i think it's hilarious to see smokers freezing their asses off in 34-degree weather 
is watching scooby-doo  i know you're jealous   love 
cal: how's about a milkshake? me: milk makes me congested    cal: how's about a milkshake minus the milk? me: shaking makes me cough    are you trying to kill me or what?? lol  love 
has two tw surprise r-more-page papers to write by seven o'clock    and has fucking writer's block  smhhh     kill me now    thanks rei for being my all-nighter company   love 
is feeling much more relieved   
is going to sleep the remnants of her all-nighter away    still feeling <propfemale> inside from the s'morgy today     love   love  i love club  ^^
is citybound    going to pick up brother and roam the streets of manhattan    don't miss me too much   wink   love 
took some awesome pics and spent time with her awesome boy  maybe the snow is good for something     love 
"had a deep but amazing night  thanks, <propfirst>   love "
"you get me when nobody understands  you come and hold my hand, baby  you get me  you look inside my wild mind never knowing what you'll find  still you want me all the time, yeah, you do, 'cause you get me   love "
christmas day is just another day to me   smile 
had a fun-filled evening after work   
"it's like a ten-minute dream in the passenger's seat, how the world was flying by    i haven't been gone very long, but it feels like a lifetime "
epic night of epic proportions  drunk sleeeep   
     there is glitter everywhere 
"i like hammering nails and speaking in tongues, 'cause it doesn't remind me of anything "
"oh family drama, how i love thee   love "
"god, i hate tween pop stars  and sixth-graders   annoyed "
= crummy   heart-broken 
"blue, white, black, green, and teal hexagons   smile "
love buzz   love 
i'll take your love  i'll take your hate  i'll take your <propfemale>  i'll take the world when it turns on you  i'll set it on fire   love 
is going to have a fabulous evening    <propfemale> in wonderland with <propfirst> and the kids!  love   smile 
it's a beautiful day  don't let it slip away   smile 
"three and counting     love  12 15  love  i love you, baby   smile "
kind of wants to be alone today  i need to think 
sunshiney day   love 
is ready for some motherfuckin' anarchy 
has suddenly realized that all of her problems don't really matter in the grand scheme of things  i've been so selfish   
show me something new   love 
is watching grey's and missing my <propfirst>   love 
last-minute homework   
"grr    up all day, up all night  life never ends, does it?"
is mike-deprived   sad 
feels good today  i feel accomplished and proud    that's what a trip to the hs does for me   smile  <propfirst> later   love 
"is thinking, perhaps too much  if only you knew what i knew    you'd see me a lot differently "
is going to name her first son tikki tikki tembo-no sa rembo-chari <propfemale> ruchi-pip peri pembo 
"and i woke up this morning, more determined than ever to do what i can to make my soul feel better   smile  thank you for being more than just my boyfriend   love "
"is officially and disgustingly obsessed with <propfemale> from lazytown, in all of her pink-haired, bubbly, singing-and-dancing, life-is-happiness <propfemale> "
is thinking <propfemale> thoughts   love 
kinda had an awesome night   love 
wii with the boy       finally getting active      love 
"my day: work, worrying, work, more worrying, <propfirst> maybe, work , work, eat, spaz, work, <propfirst>, home, worry, sleep "
"hates rain, fatigue, and t1147 "
thunderrr   love 
this has got to stop happening     troubled 
"lasagna, a can of raid, and a five-page allnighter    time to rock and roll "
"today is one of those days i wish i had a life remote, so i could fast forward through today and skip to tomorrow "
papersssss     ten pages of nonstop excitement  shoot me 
"stress, stress, and more stress    yay, life "
"i'm thinking it's a sign that the freckles in our eyes are mirror images, and when we kiss, they're perfectly aligned   love "
"today = meh  i'm glad kelia enjoyed herself, though  ^^"
has her feet on the ground and a song in her head 
"busy, busy, busy    reading, writing, studying, and watching a movie "
i hate the new facebook layout!!!!!!!!!
i am soooo over school 
"hey, babe, let's just call it what it is: oil and water "
is doing <propfemale> mom   surprise 
"spread your love and fly, oh me oh my   love "
"omffffg, i got into the national university of ireland in maynooth!!!! angie's going to ireland, baby!!!!! wooooooooootttt!!!!"
slipped on a kiss and tumbled into love    12 15  love 
"graduation!!!  love  goodbye, farmingdale  :')"
what a wonderful weekend    but now it's crunch time    105 days and 22 hours till maynooth 
"is feeling laaaazy    very <propfemale> weather today  104 days, 14 hours   "
"loves burger <propmale>, little big planet, and <propfirst> <propfirst> wasowicz   love   love   love "
"is homocidal     must sleep or else i'll kill    102 days, 7 hours "
"is kitty-cat sleepy    =^ ^= 101 days, 7 hours "
"is loving the post-beach exhaustion, but not loving a 22-hour work weekend  106 days, 20 hours (i'm leaving later than planned   ) "
"goodbye, crappy acer  hello, sexy hp   love   love   love  104 days, 19 hours "
"90 fucking degrees    hell yeah   love  102 days, 18 hours "
"you're all i need to find, so when the time is right, come to me sweetly  come to me    ? 101 days, 4 hours "
100 wonderful days of summer left  time to make some memories   love 
"hmm    london for four hours, germany for eight hours, or denmark for two hours?? choices, choices    98 days, seven hours "
"the number one reason why i love my boyfriend is because he encourages my fat-kid behaviors    burrrgerrrr kiiiing at almost 12am, ftw   love   love   love  97 days, eight hours  and yes, it will be germany   laugh "
is crankyyy    me and <propfemale> konsevitch almost bust a couple caps at work    sooo ready to smack a hoe   love  96 days   
"is open-hearted  come jump inside, spend some time, and share my love with me     love   love  95 days   "
work    
"sealion woman, dressed in red, smile at the man when you wake up in his bed   love  91 days, four hours   "
"sealion woman, dressed in black, wink at the man then stab him in his back    89 days, fifteen hours "
"yard sale due to start in six hours    haven't gone to bed yet    today is going to be funnnnn    87 days, three hours "
"pretty good first day    now it's time for round 2  85 days, 23 hours "
"my hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me, so won't you kill me so i die happy? my heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, to wear as jewelry, whichever you prefer  ? ? ? 12 15  love "
"we're catching bullets with our heads and hearts and all the darkest parts of us  it's strange to find such light in such endless night  81 days, seven hours "
"dear target copiague, i hate your guts  i hope you die an awful death and rot slowly in hell  sincerely, <propfemale>   love  70 days until i'm free from the bullseye bullshit    79 days, five hours left in <propfemale> "
"dear united states federal government, thank you for finally issuing my passport  it took long enough   annoyed  you are all jerks  sincerely, <propfemale>   love  78 days, seven hours   "
"dear verizon wireless, fuck you  sincerely, <propfemale>  76 days, seven hours "
"i'm trapped in a box, four walls and sky, with a screen for a window about two feet wide    trapped in a box, and i'm not alone  i know of others with a box as their home  light only enters from a crack or a hole  oh, this is not enough for a human to grow    71 days, 7 5 hours   "
"we find a new reason, a new way of living, and we breathe it in and try to dream again   love   love  69 days, six hours "
"is reeling from a tidal wave of emotion    67 fragile little days, seven fleeting hours  there isn't enough time   "
"sealion woman, dressed in blue, call up the man and hope he knows what he can do   wink  65 days, sixteen hours "
"         it's hot  62 days, eighteen hours "
"is thinking about the future     love  60 rip-roarin' days of heat, mosquitoes, and late late nights left here in <propfemale>   love "
"sooo many things going on    first, welcome to the world, <propmale> <propmale> perkins!! hope i get to see you soon!  love  7 10  love  second, vacaaaation = hanging out with people  love  third, planning how i'm going to spend these last 54 days and 23 hours   "
"anniversarieeeeeee      love  12 15  love  pics of <propmale> soon to come! 52 days, 21 hours "
"is doing her thing    love me or hate me, you've got 49 days and eight hours  negativity won't stop this countdown   "
"loves the fact that it's raining instead of being 95 degrees outside    48 days, 21 hours "
"worked closing, overnight, slept two hours, then came in for a mid    call me crazy, but i'll let my paycheck be the judge of that   wink  47 days or so   "
"i never thought i'd say this, but target just gave me the best gift everrrrr    thanks for the day off   smile  45 days, 16 hours "
"today is gonna be a looooong day    and it looks like it just might rain on my little head  oh dear  44 days, 19 hours "
"              it's 12 smile 0 a m  and i can't think of a status  43 days, seven hours "
"why can't it all be over? i'm so tired   sad  39 days, ten hours "
"everybody keep your fingers crossed  please, keep your fingers crossed  37 days, 14 hours "
"we both learned to cradle than live without  34 days, 16 hours "
"make a plan to love me sometime soon    33 days, twelve hours "
"feels much better knowing that someone out there needs her     love  32 days, 11 hours "
"and here it is i thought i was actually worth something    silly me  31 days, eight hours "
"so  august 6th  i officially have one month left in <propfemale>  still having trouble raising money, grr    donations, anyone?"
"put in her two-weeks notice today    is anyone else wondering how time is flying by so fast? 27 days, 13 hours "
"bah bah, bah bah, this is the sound of settling  26 days, twelve hours "
"              so, apparently, i'm 21 now        when did that happen?? 24 days, 18 hours   "
"is in desperate need of some good news       sad  23 days, 23 hours "
"so, brown eyes, i hold you near, 'cause you're the only song i want to hear, a <propfemale> softly soaring through my atmosphere, where soul meets body     love  12 15  love "
"things are looking so much brighter   laugh  20 days left, everyone! kinda scared, kinda hopeful   smile "
"        i just want to go to sleep  18 days, 22 hours "
you know life sucks when whitest kids 'u know isn't funny anymore 
"without you, i'm nothing   love  17 days, 7 hours "
"someday, i'll fly  someday, i'll soar  someday, i'll be so damn much \more, 'cause i'm bigger than my body gives me credit for   love  16 days, ten hours "
"two weeks until the rest of my life  it is what us overachieving honors kids refer to as crunch time  14 days, four hours "
"                i ran out of packaging tape   troubled  11 days, 22 hours "
"last time i checked, i had 105 days  now there's only 10   sad "
"has biiiig thoughts a-brewin'  laugh      last day at t1147! gonna miss everyone   sad  eight days, 22 hours "
is making corn dogs with my hubby   love  lmfao at all you kids starting at fdale tomorrow     laugh  one more week!!!
"has so many things to do and so little time    5 days, 18 hours "
"           it's 64 degrees in ireland  just sayin'  four days, nineteen hours   laugh "
"true to the stereotype, i am eating ramen for dinner  -_- sooo done with packing and cleaning for today    three days and nine hours, and i still don't have my shit together   "
"autumn's sweet  we call it fall   smile  i'll make it to the <propfemale> if i have to crawl   love  one day, nineteen hours, and more determined than ever     love "
"the sun came up with no conclusions  the flowers are sleeping in their beds  the city cemetery's humming  i'm wide awake, it's morning "
now boarding! see you guys in germany!  smile 
"is in ireland!!! little bit of trouble at first, but i think every thing will be just fine   smile "
"will not be defeated  i have hope, strength, and love on my side "
is off to maynooth for the first time today   laugh 
"is feeling good today, after a rough night  no e playful loring today; i need rest "
feels awesomer than yesterday   love 
moving into maynooth today! and i realized that chopsticks are an invaluable and versatile utensil   
"is on campus! love my dorm, my new friends, and the town    sooo much to do    kinda want to come home, though   "
has a busy couple of days ahead of her    
"is spending my first anniversary away from you, but our love is still strong     love  12 15  love "
"is officially, permanently, completely, and indubitably flat-out head-over-heels in love with her life   love   love   love "
today hurts   heart-broken 
"wants a puppy   laugh  like, for real "
waking up at 9 smile 0 a m : meh  knowing today is the first day of classes compared to all my other friends: ha  knowing today is also the first day of fresher's week and that i will be partying later: priceless   laugh 
mama <propfemale> saves the day again   smile 
"i thought i wanted to sleep, but maybe i'll stay up to listen to the improv concert next door  this is what happens when i live next to a music <propmale>   "
vodka is the devil in liquid form 
"<propfirst>'s day, two classes, and a par-tay  life is gewwwwd   smile "
"and, suddenly, all was right in the world once again "
"at the end of the day, i end up just as alone as i began "
"according to aristotle, i am beautiful, \for beauty depends upon magnitude and order \"""""
inglourious basterds is officially my all-time favorite movie ever   love 
"\who can be sure of anything through the distance that keeps you from seeing the truth? why would you think your boy could become the man who could make you think he was the one?\"" --feist  well-said """
"oh, urban dictionary, you know me so well   smile   love  http annoyed  www urbandictionary com define php?term=angelique"
this wind is ridiculous  mother nature needs to stop fucking around  pronto 
"so, apparently, there's no thanksgiving in ireland    why is this such a hard concept for my <propfemale> american mind to grasp?"
i need cake  cake and cookies and ice cream and wine  and more cake 
"kitties on campus, tea, and spanish classes, eating my cookies with milk in tall glasses, english, the roost, and the joy drama brings, these are a few of my favorite things   love "
"fantastic night out, maaad craic at the roost! i love dramasoc   love "
"is looking over her play, wondering what the heck she got herself into   "
is sick sick sicky sick   sad  time for soup!  laugh 
i should not be crying first thing in the morning  just sayin' 
finally got her stuff!!! it's like christmas up in this bitch 
"ah, the life of a student director "
finally has a phone!  laugh 
facebook is so much more interesting than class   laugh 
post-thursday recovery mode activated 
sligo!
"ohmahjeezus, what a night!"
busy day   love 
thinks it's sexy when guys speak old english 
"don't forget what you've learned: all you give is returned, and when life seems absurd, all you need is some laughter "
needs a date to a scholarship ceremony next week  any takers?
's life went from being fubar to royally awesome  and now it's nap time   smile 
"\crispy m&ms: crispy rice centres in milk chocolate in a coloured sugar shell \"" sounds like my kind of party """
"it's raining, i went to class an hour early, and i made a bowl of cereal then realized the milk's gone off  today is not going to be a good day "
needs sleep 
"dear electricity, please come back  i need you in order to make my waffles   sad  sincerely, a sad and hungry <propfemale> g "
what a loverly day for a protest 
"take the fruit from the tree, break the skin with your teeth  is it bitter or sweet? all depends on your timing "
loves her friends   love 
"well, that fucking sucked  at least we're back on track "
has lost her detachable penis yet again  excuse me while i go find it   
hungry  sick  tired  wanting to go home 
"apparently, today wasn't that interesting  good thing i slept through it "
ran out of orange juice  damn it all   troubled 
has officially been declared unfit to attend college until monday  this could be bad   
this is the sexiest goddamn freud presentation i have ever seen in my life   laugh 
wants a burrito  desperately 
fucking tonsillitis   sad 
is alive  thank you to everyone who showed up at the hospital  and sorry if i puked on you at some stage 
"oh shit, it's thanksgiving already       wait, i'm in ireland  and i don't even eat meat   laugh "
2000 words  8 hours  bring  it  on 
done   smile 
"ahhhh, snow!  laugh "
"omg, snow war  i'm going to freeze to death   love "
"we soooo won that war    some fecking village gobshite busted me fecking lip open, but i don't care cos we kicked ass   smile "
"arcade fire, monday night? i think yes   laugh "
the lord mayor of dublin tried to set me up with his intern    should i be afraid?
"snow, no college, sleeping all day, successfully-made mashed sweet potatoes, my colourfully-warm duvet, galway tomorrow, and tons of other absolutely awesome things    i think i am the happiest kid in the world  i never knew life could be this good   laugh  all the more reason to believe ireland was the best decision of my life   love   love   love "
"dear maynooth, why are you still cold and snowy when galway is bright and beautiful? i would really appreciate it if you got your act together! thanks!  love  <propfemale>"
"best  fucking  night  of  my  life: arcade fire, <propfirst> grace, pubcrawling, meeting people, getting shitfaced, and not going to bed till after 7am  apparently, my life can get even more awesome than it already is     love "
ugh  i am so dead  i really need to stop going out so much     annoyed 
"apparently, i'm being coerced to play the number game   playful \13: hands down, you are the absolute beeeest sister anyone could ever hope for in the entire world  i loveee you to pieces, and i appreciate all that you have done (and continue to do) for me  you've protected me and had my back ever since i met you  i've never had a big sister, but i'm definitely glad i have you now! sista from anotha mista 4 lyfe!!  love   love "
"a 2500-word essay on poetry, a 2000-word essay on gender inequality, and a personal essay on <propfemale> politics  my weekend is starting off with a bang   "
"i don't need insurance  i don't need no parking space  and if you try to clamp my horse, he'll kick you in the face   "
"okay  so today is maynooth's christmas day  but i have two 2,000-word papers due at the end of the week, a trip to cork at the weekend, and a flight home on monday    there's only one way to settle this: heads i drink all day, tails i prepare for the long ass week ahead of me    first one to comment calls it "
      i think i'm the only sober one on campus  fail 
is getting crunk tonight  for shiz   laugh 
    wrecked 
"today is going to be a very long day: one essay down, one to go  my last day in maynooth  my last night in the roost  cleaning, writing, packing     i'm going to need lots of tea "
to cork!  laugh 
"get ready, americans  i'll be home tomorrow   laugh "
worst  day  ever  d: stuck in dublin airport  total balls 
is back in maynooth  not leaving till the 23rd  absolutely wrecked and hating people  i shall commence the cheesecake-assisted suicide promptly 
"dublin airport, round two  current score: snow 1, <propfemale> 0  bring it on "
"dear snow, suck my <propmale>   laugh  love, <propfemale> "
i'm home!  laugh 
is watching my aunt make a pot roast for dinner tomorrow    sooo ready to see my family!  love  hope everyone's having fun doing whatever it is you do   smile 
"so    how are you lads liking this blizzard?  laugh  i swear the snow is following me    anywho, anyone for plans this week? let me know   smile "
is channeling all her pent-up love into learning to play last leaf 
"but as for me, i'm coming to the final chapter  i read all of the pages and there's still no answer   "
"i'm feeling free and easy, feeling easy while i can, 'cause i got no e playful ectation, darling, ooh, of loving anyone again "
"last day in <propfemale>    lads, i'm coming home   laugh "
is back in maynooth  let the cramming begin 
is actually going to study  seriously  i am  i will study  i will    go make another sandwich 
"is going to the library to study, since being in my room gives me too much access to distracting things like my bed and my sandwich-making materials "
is actually not worried about this english exam at all   smile  best of luck to all of ye in mh114!  love 
is making a list of 100 new things to do in 2011! i'm currently at 15  i need suggestions!  laugh 
"one more spanish exam on friday, then i'm done!  laugh  itching for a pint   "
"has impaired glucose tolerance  which isn't quite type 2 diabetes, but could be a precursor to it  i don't know whether to cry or be happy "
has no more exams! yay for two more weeks of vacation!  laugh 
"<propfemale> carty is forcing me to wear a skirt to town tonight, so if ye want to see this rare event, come out and look for me   laugh  getting much-deserved drinks with the lads! <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> boland, and <propmale> caulfield, it's gonna be a good night!  laugh "
"between the craic last night and the first day of roller derby today, i'm positively dying right now  but it's a good kind of dying   laugh   love "
"doing mah hai-errrrr while watching <propfemale> carty leave me   sad  but she'll soon be replaced by sanderke <propfemale> grond, so i will be happy again   smile  yay for anti-loneliness!  laugh "
"just woke up, and i still feel like i'm dying  what the hell is wrong with me?"
feels like going to sit somewhere and write  who wants to keep me company?  smile 
"dear life, if i ever said i hated you, i sincerely apologize and take it all back   smile  sincerely, <propfemale>   love "
is feckity fecked fecked  bahahahahaha! i luuuurv it   laugh 
i will never drink again  last night was far too embarrassing   annoyed  and i hope no one suffers from the lack of 'nice' in <propmale> munnelly's hair today    sorry about that 
i love <propmale> caulfield
iv got the mega clap! its so itchy!
is a nomnomnom monster   smile   love 
"is having a full breakfast of pancakes, eggs, sausage, fruit, yogurt, and juice at half four in the morning  life is good when you have no college then next day   laugh "
black swan in town tomorrow night  who wants to join?  laugh 
"what to do? sweetheart, you'll find mediocre people do exceptional things all the time   smile "
is in post-derby recovery mode  achy-breaky 
sad 
"changed her facebook language to <propfemale> just for shits and giggles, and now can't change it back to english  sure, i wanted to learn it anyway, right?"
"every mouth sings of what it's without, so we all sing of love   "
"i think i missed that transitional phase from adolescence to adulthood when you're supposed to become cool, popular, talented, and beautiful  fml "
post-thursday recovery mode activated 
<propfirst> broni is such an awesome friend because he didn't do a nasty frape!
wake-up call by <propfirst> broni = not a happy <propfemale>   playful  good thing there's pizza and potato wedges within arm's reach of my bed   
"first day of school, first day of school! i feel like nemo    except not as cute, not half as fishy, almost dead, and not very excited at all "
"is taking a day to rebuild some bridges  <propfemale>, i hope you're paying attention "
busy busy busy busy  and shleepy 
is wondering how she constantly manages to make herself feel like shit 
"is sick sick sicky sick   sad  damn you, 24-hour bug disease sickness or whatever thing "
iswritingcleaningcookingthenhangingwithlisa whelanandeleanor '<propfemale>' mobsby   love 
i'm looking in on the good life i might be doomed never to find 
"and sometimes i get nervous when i see an open door    close your eyes, clear your heart   \cut the cord "
"had the most preposterous night ever   smile  classesmeetingsauditionsparty day today, looking forward to it!  laugh "
wrecked 
"i was a dreamer staring out windows, out onto the main street, 'cause that's where the dream goes   "
is breaking out the neon orange converse  why? because tonight is gonna be a good night   laugh 
"dear whoever set off the fire alarm at half three this morning, we gon' find you  sincerely, foyle 2 "
should not have watched being <propfirst> malkovich before bed last night  talk about a mindfuck  geez 
"if you walk my way, i will keep my head  we will feel our way through the dark  though i don't know you, i think that i would do  i don't fall easy at all   wink "
wait    what's today? <propfirst>'s day? oh geez 
"just watched night of the living dead  favourite part: about a third of the way into the film, that dumb bitch <propfemale> gets snookied   laugh "
breakfastclassrehearsalone flew over the cuckoo's nestroooooost!  laugh 
"has this <propfemale> week in the bag   laugh  nevertheless, post-thursday recovery mode is activated "
needs something to do today 
"should not be left alone with her thoughts right about now, but considering what time it is, this cannot be helped "
"another head aches  another heart breaks  i'm so much older than i can take  and my affection, well, it comes and goes   "
"is sick yet again    except this time, my insides are trying to escape  not cool "
"has realised a cold, hard truth about adulthood: being single and living on your own means that, despite how weak you are, you still have to be strong enough to take care of yourself, because no one else will "
"alright lads, today is election day  i personally can't vote, but i''m going to be living here for the next three years, so i'm gonna need all of you to get out there and try to put this country in the right hands  for everyone's sake  so    let's do this thing, yeah?"
rugby!  laugh 
"is officially a motherfizucking aunt!  laugh  welcome to the world, <propmale> <propmale> perkins! and congratulations to your loverly parents <propmale> perkins and <propfemale> perkins!"
drunk scrambled eggs  heh 
"heeeey, everybody! today is the official start of campaigning for the awesomenessses that are cathal óg donnelly and <propfirst> broni! so    vote cathal donnelly for vp welfare & education  and do you like progress? vote broni for vp comms & dev !"
pensive 
"exhausted, but still functioning   smile "
"a few, but very important, things: 1  i officially hate cigarettes  2  i found out that i can vote in the student elections, wahey! 3  this hangover is unreal  4  isda festival 2011 tomorrow!  laugh  5  starting sunday, i will be off facebook for two weeks, so make sure you get my number or skype screen name if you want to talk to me \\that is all "
"is off to galway! remember guys, i'm not gonna be online for two weeks (or that's the goal anyway, eep), so yeah  if i don't respond to stuff, you know why "
has successfully stayed off facebook for two weeks  and now i'm baaaack   laugh 
is probably going to be alone for the rest of her life  i'd better get started on my collection of cats   
gotta make her mind up: what seat can i take?
