34e11f901c0792f3272d9f6b5f56a677
why can't i ever have a happy ending  annoyed 
trying to force myself to sleep before i work this overnighter ahh!
sooo freakin tired & work at 5am but its my friday!!
she always wakes up with the biggest smile ready to play! i wish i could wake up in that good a mood every day lol
gotta work tonight    ah! i guess i'll take a nap 
time to get ready for work    *sigh*
i have soooo much baby stuff to get rid of any one kno someone who needs stuff for a baby girl hit me up!! lol
"my baby girl started crawling today!!  love \she is the most amazing baby ever lol"
"my baby girl started crawling today!!\ smile )"
on my way to tempe for assistant manager manager meetings    blah   
"my baby girl is 7 months today, time goes by so fast!! i love my beautiful little princesss love "
finally home from work ughh don't drive on the freeway at 8am it took me an hour to get here!!
gunna go dress up and then dress up the baby and go visit daddy!!
half unconsciously making the baby a bottle = big messy mess lol
off to work!!
ughhhhh i hate my blackberry piece of caca!
jersey shore is hilarious !!!
thank god today is my friday! & i switched shifts so i can sleep in  smile  i got yelled at by too many customers yesterday hopefully today the jerks will stay home lol
"i keep having dreams about this person    i don't even know who it is, but its the same person every time   how wierd!!"
i love it how at 3am she instead of sleeping she just wants to play lol
i am so tired!
"today is a very big day for me, wish me luck!!"
baby is sound asleep so precious    would i be crazy if i said i want one more??! lol     hmmm    
"i gotta say, all the shit i put up with every day is worth it when i get a fat check like the one i just got paid    hehehe  playful "
it feels like the road is a river and my car us a boat! lol
going to the gym today   about time!!
hitting the gym right now gotta push myself even tho i'm super lazy today!
so many things to do   not enough time   or money!
i like it on the floor
"its my day off, but gotta wake up early, boo! where does all the time go?"
so i'm sitting outside the court room bored waiting for <propfirst> and i see chely! how do u kno we come from the hood? when ur at court and run into old homies! haha!
off to the gym!!
that was a good workout! i feel awesome!  laugh 
let us stay young or let us live forever ?
i miss my js friends    when are we having a reunion?!
"cant sleep  annoyed  \txt me?"
i'm <propfemale> tired    back to work today
i need an energy drink   
i want a tattoo 
"cant sleep again  annoyed \wats wrong wit me!\i need a fix  "
getting ready for work    thinking of going back to school but how can i with my awful schedule??
take a dirty picture for me?
there has to be more to life    what am i missing?
"watching twilight eclipse, i forgot how much i love this story!"
goood morning!!!! whats for breakfast?!?!
so sick   just called into work 
i'm gunnl
i wanna go to the gym today     but i don't feel like going by myself!!
tacos love  love  love 
lots to do today    never enough time!
wow i really hate my schedule! wish i had more time to just stay home with my baby!
"thss iss gabbs cousinn  laugh  , savee thaa <propfemale>  love  <propfemale>s  wink "
its been a long night and day time to go to bed finally!
who's going to the qt picnic tomorrow????
i'm extremely depressed with life right now    not a single friend to turn to   
hopefully i will wake up in 3 hours for work   
life's a beach and i'm playing in the sand 
what is a good movie i can watch right now on netflix??
fake friends = poop!
"its been a busy and stressful week, but i finally have the day off tomorrow!! gunna hit the gym and then spend some quality time with my lito family "
new phone! i need phone <propfirst>!
there are so many rude people at the store i work at i think its cursed!
"medical marijuana was legalized, finally!!"
i've been slacking on going to the gym lately    i need a <propmale> who can go to the gym with me!
i wish we were still friends    just because life moved on why did all my friendships get left behind?  sad 
i need a <propfemale> night!
getting ready for work   not enough sleep   i need caffeine!
my freakin car won't start    i need a jump    but there's nobody who can give me one   i'm stranded!
good morning! getting ready for work i hope it will be a good day   i'm gunna try super hard to be extra nice to everybody especially the ppl who aren't so nice and not let it blow up like it did last weekend! man that guy was a jerk    lol
"wow i just realized, baby girl just turned 10 months! time for birthday planning  smile "
"tomorrow is my friday, i want margaritas!!"
so i got yelled at like 5 times today by ppl who wanted to buy 4lokos  really?! those things were deadly! lol
omg i have to go shopping!!
"i'm not gunna live to please you, what's the point of living if i'm not living for myself?"
its so cold!!
i sooo need to quit slacking and get back to the gym!
downloading some new songs then i will be off to work out   
i hate it when everything goes wrong all at once   
"apartment searching, hopefully it goes well; i need to reconstruct my living situation "
watching baby boy
laying down with my baby girl going mimis love 
i'm not sure if i'm hungry or if i just think i'm hungry cuz i'm bored   
i'm awesome!!! now i need a redbull    
soooo my grandmas friends came to visit    and they are sooo annoying    the are playing with my baby like shes a cabbage patch doll    i just wanna take her and run!! lol
i did shitty things in the past but that doesnt make me a shitty person! it makes me a human being who makes mistakes then learns from them and moves on   
baby girl has her first cold  sad 
what a day    time for bed!
its gunna be a long night i can already tell!
i work on christmas! but its okay for $25 an hour!  laugh 
i have no energy for today  sad 
i made it through the day!! and i'm still awake enough to play with baby girl for a while  smile  i bought her a kitchen!! lol
i wish i could talk to someone but this is just one of those things you have to keep to yourself    sad 
man who's making tamales i want some!!
so happy i finally got some tamales and they were bomb! lol
"my baby girl does the funniest things, she's just amazing  she's the best present i could ask for, i'm blessed!"
wow    someone died right in front of my store
i think i'm gunna puke   
i hurt  i can't sleep  i need some cookies and milk 
my baby says momma  love 
what to do today     i wana go somewhere! its payday!
"the one way my life has c<propfemale>ed since i had a baby is that all my \friends\"" are no longer my friends  even the ones i tried keeping in touch with never replied to my messages and moved on with their lives  i never have any one to talk to  nobody to go out with and have fun with  all i do now is work and stay home  the only person i <propfemale> out with is my babys dad  i'm so bored and tired of it  i want to have a life!"""
"time to get ready for work, oh joy!  playful "
"got some good news at work, movin on up  smile "
"grrr it won't even start now  good thing i have money saved, i need this fixed asap!"
i get to sleep in this weekend! go in at 1pm instead of 5am! yayy!
"walking my ass to the store, baby daddy should be doing this! > sad "
"i try to be nice to everybody, even if ur a stranger, i'd be ur friend  its too bad that nice people get shitted on! what's the point  and yet i'm still nice to u! cuz i believe in <propfemale> "
sick  sad 
baby girls 1st birthday is in 2 weeks!! i'm throwing a party!! pinatas and cake!! whoot whoot! lol
life is like a confused teacher   first she gives the test and then teaches the lesson 
you have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go 
so i can't fix my car  i'm just going to sell it and buy a new one!
life's story is as quick as the wink of an eye   love's story is merely hello and goodbye   until we meet again   
"did you hear about the <propfemale> that grew from a crack in the concrete? proving nature's laws wrong, it learned to walk without having feet  funny, it seems to by keeping it's dreams; it learned to breathe fresh air  long live the <propfemale> that grew from concrete when no one else even cared "
10 hour shift today after pulling an allnighter can i do it??? :?
i need a hurrcutt 
"you have your way  i have my way  as for the right way, the correct way, and the only way   they don't exist "
i wanna do something different  get a <propmale> make over  and go somewhere i've never been before  meet new people  i'm just feening for something new 
baby girl finally walked on her own! this is a beautiful day!
start at my new store today i'm so nervous!!!!!!
"just got off work, wow i hope i never have motor oil the floors again!!"
"happy 1st birtday to my beautiful baby girl <propfemale>, i can't believe how this 1 year has changed my life  i love u more than anything!"
going for a walk to the park to see the duckies  laugh 
"for everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else "
"if u say ur going to help someone and do them a favor, do it out of kindness  don't be an ass hole and make them feel like a burden or hold it against them later  i'll walk home next time, thanks though "
pretty much babysitting the store cuz there are no people! i need entertainment 
thank u to everyone who came and brought gifts  smile 
"determined to have a life better than you could imagine, and i owe it all to the ones who keep doubting me "
"life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it "
being real is like being a lady   if you have to tell people you are   you aren't 
don't go through life    grow through life 
i just got harrassed by a bum
i wana go shopping but i dnt have a car grrrrrr  sad 
"anytime you're afraid to try some new shit   just remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the titanic "
bored bored bored 
today feels like its gonna be great  but then again i haven't slept so maybe its still yesterday  
"aint it funny how <propfemale> has a way of remembering? weeks, months, years later, it never forgets  everything you do will come back to you, and for every moment you've been in the dark, you will have your moment to shine "
"no offense to anyone, but why do black people always think shits cuz they're black?"
i love my crazy little monster and her funny little personality  smile 
"there are many things in life that will catch your eye, but only a few will catch your heart   pursue those "
hope that today is better than yesterday!
"i don't know how i'm still so tired, i've been sleeping since 5! i feel like a zombie    no energy for life today!"
"just spent too much money on stuff i don't really need, but who cares? it makes me feel good! lol"
sun chips are fuckin incred 
it's payday  smile 
gettin tatted today for the first time!
so sore    time for bed xo
when and where did we meet?
"i want it all, that's why i strive for it "
"how did i end up right here with you? after all the things that i been through    it's been one of those days, you try and forget about it, take a shot and let it out   "
"time is money, let's spend it together  smile "
be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind 
"there is no <propfemale> without a night, no victory without a fight  there's no rainbow without the rain & no happiness without pain "
fill in the blank  gaby martinez is ___________ 
"black and yellow, black and yellow  laugh "
"life    a little work, a little sleep, a little love and it's all over "
"when a man complains that a lady has no heart, it's pretty certain that she has his "
