518b9517b3a5bcbbb517a07cc047c500
waitin for my dad to finish fixin my car  otherwise chillin
believe those who are seeking the truth   doubt those who find it 
"one day, someone showed me a glass of water that was half full   and he said, \is it half full or half empty?\""  so i drank the water   no more problem """
how long has it been since someone touched part of you other than your body?
we waste a lot of time running after people we could have caught by just standing still 
"do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail "
we say we exchange words when we meet  what we exchange is souls 
"every great dream begins with a dreamer  always remember, you have within you the strength, the <propfemale>, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world "
"usually i post some profound, beautifully thought out phrase, from my vast knowledge of the world and the people in it to help someone in their everyday lives or situation  well bump that! <propfemale> boi is mobile! i got wheels and they are h-o-t hot baby!!!!!!!"
back to normal: only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self  and only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others 
"reality is a question of perspective; the further you get from the past, the more concrete and plausible it seems -- but as you approach the present, it inevitably seems incredible "
"before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself  before you can move their tears, your own must flow  to convince them, you must yourself believe "
"change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress definitely requires change  education is essential for change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them "
"with courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble  courage is the foundation of integrity "
"imagination is more important than knowledge  for while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create "
"flatter me, and i may not believe you  criticize me, and i may not like you  ignore me, and i may not forgive you  encourage me, and i will not forget you  love me and i may be forced to love you "
"your will shall shape the future  whether you fail or succeed shall be no ones doing but your own  you are the force; you can clear any obstacle before you or you can be lost in the maze  your choice; your responsibility; win or lose, only you hold the ke"
dreams pass into the reality of action  from the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living 
"life can be found only in the present moment  the past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life "
"you gain strength, courage, and confidence by every e playful erience in which you really stop to look fear in the face  you must do the thing which you think you cannot do "
the most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen  just listen  perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention…  a loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words 
got my books  startin on my first homework assignment in months  oh goodness   now where is that pencil?                    
all change is not growth; as all movement is not forward 
i could not march another day in my life and be okay with it  that cloud envy is kicking in again  lucky clouds  floatin and junk  they need to share their secrets to a care free life 
"try this      the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click then press up & down & magic circles will appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the <propfemale>     put this as your status if it works for you "
"mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius "
jst knckd owt meh jry  iz feel prety awwsum bout it!
mmm sleep  <propfemale>'s past time  i wish i could wake up sometimes just so i can go back to sleep  thats how great it is
"somebody better call the clean up crew  i destroyed my jury last friday, as well as my theory exam today  gettin better by the second"
"awesome has a face, and it bares i striking resemblance to mine  go figure huh?"
feels nice to be done with classes before noon
i should really get some books soon
my fine is $145 50
done with class for the day  a little bored  txt me
just finished that music history paper  glad thats done  now about this presentation tomorrow     
"alright, theory is cancelled! now if i could just work on psych, i'd be home free "
"so    bored,    can't    continue,    need    outside    contact,    can't    finish    complete    thought,    txt    me    uuuuugggghhh (slips into a boredom induced coma)"
wooooooooo!!! alright no theory! im so hyped i dont think i can go back to                    zzzzzzzzzzzz
love must be as much a light as it is a flame 
"\we gotta tell'em that we love'em while we got the <propmale> to say   \"" - <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"well, got a new phone  touch screens are stupid  txt me"
all i have to do is kinda slide through this week then im home free  sounds easy enough but i feel a force deep within this forsaken place about to blow up
kumani is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i retract that last statement  my trusting nature led me to let him use my computer and that statement was the result  kumani is the exact opposite of awesome
doing nothing is the greatest feeling ever
robot unicorn attack       very addictive  what was i doing again?
finally     dang
"fresh, fresher, freshest, freshershest"
met with my accompanist today  things are coming along swimmingly 
home       it just feels right
good luck class of 2010  this is the start of your lives  hit the ground running you guys  much love
"by day, we're insane  by nightfall, we become ninja who hone there skills beneath parking lot street lamps     beware"
boy i hate fillers
everybody wants your seat as soon as you get comfortable 
job interview in the am  wish me luck  boy do i need it!
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays  i really appreciate it
i  go  ham  (igawaam!)
i want a puppy now      
"had a great time visiting the hibblers  kelesha, i'm proud of you for gettin yourself together for college  <propfemale>, we gon work on gettin you there lol  gotta start early to be successful in the long run  we'll take it one step at a time "
is slightly anxious to get back into college life   am i sick?
"just witnessed the greatest movie in the history of cinematography  <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world will literally, and beyond the shadow of a doubt, simply blow your mind!"
"\you must look within yourself to save yourself from your other self  only then will your true self reveal itself \"" lol man do i love me some avatar: the last airbender"""
"well, we're all finally moved in  just got out the shower, im ready to      zzzzz"
"made grilled chicken, rice, and steamed potatoes and broccoli covered in cheese for me and my roommates  your boy is on it  bon appetit"
i feel like swiper the fox with a check card  i'm swiping everythang!!!
"learning to play trumpet, this'll be interesting"
"my phone's screen is broken, if you need to contact me call, dont text  i wont be able to read it  thanx"
just had a wonderful nap  i forgot how good it felt to take one  all cultures should institute a mandatory siesta like spain and most of latin <propfemale>
"with my phone being pretty much useless, i havent been taking it around with me  if you tried to text me recently please call instead  if you called and i didnt answer    call again"
"last night i lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and i thought to myself, \where the heck is the ceiling?!\"""""
could really go for some nothing time and a nap  !siesta!
"i'm about to pick a free day  idk when but its gonna happen, soon"
its siesta time again
what happens if you get scared half to death twice?
"i stepped into the elevator of the music building  after standing for about 5 seconds, i got angry wondering why it wasn't moving  i realized i forgot to press what floor i wanted to go to   i have officially checked out for today "
"you never know when it will strike, but there comes a moment during the day when you’ve made up your mind that you just aren’t doing anything productive for the rest of the week "
"had a great time party hopping with <propfemale> hill, <propfemale> sams, and <propfirst> campbell"
it is impossible to be happy and succeed at college simultaneously    
french horn = sad  sad 
"is an essay the only thing colleges have found that is an effective way of torturing students? they could at least switch it up in making our lives miserable  i'm pretty positive that mla style, boredom and music theory will be the cause of my demise during my stay in college   "
running to get doughnuts at 7 surprise 0 in the morning as a punishment for your phone going off in class is not exactly on my list of things to do in the morning
"the shrimp paradox: if this statement is not a shrimp, then it is a paradox \\think about it  comment with your thoughts   "
so i get home from the football game to find out that my bike has been stolen   that's just wonderful
pre h a m  - not eating until absoulutely starving 
"who in their right mind schedules a football game on thanksgiving weekend  couldn't they have at least made it a game at someone else's school, so i wouldn't have to cut my break short! agitation levels: high   caution"
"kegan <propfirst> - \whatcha makin?\"""""
"correct me if you feel otherwise, but to me, it seems as though the hogwarts' faculty and staff have too loose security on the castle grounds as well as a blatant disregard for student safety "
so my nose is stopped up and when i drink water i feel like i'm drowning because no air is going in but water is
"just finished watching \four brothers\"" for the first time  they killed <propfirst>! they freakin killed <propfirst>  he was just a kid and they killed him  sad """
"lying in bed, watching the snow from my window  its calming but it makes me anxious at the same time"
"riff raff, street rat, i don't buy that  if only they'd look closer  would they say a poor boy? no siree  they'd find out there's so much more too me   "
what happened to jojo? i miss her  sad 
"ever stop to think, and forget to start again?"
the sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up   
"so   this \cat daddy\""   i think i can roll with that"""
"in a bag full of crusty worms, i finally found one moist one  there is hope for all crusty worms out there  they too can one day be moist "
im sick of it all  class is just not for me
"time to put my 2 step plan in motion  step 1: acquire food, step 2: initiate relaxing sequence  commencing phase 1!!!"
"who loves left over tacos  <propmale> loves left over tacos  is it true? mmm hmm i do, i do, i do, i d surprise o!"
any one have a time machine i can borrow? i need to go back in time to destroy the entire klose family  i'm sorry did i say destroy? i actually meant utterly eradicate   
"i feel it but you don't  i wish so hard but you won't  show me  how am i supposed to connect the dots that make the line that draws the road to your heart? if the stars align, will that make me shine? maybe then we'll cease to be apart   "
i finally found a bag full of moist worms!!! the legend was true!!!!
"so i'm sitting in the practice room blowing bubbles on a new <propmale> and i think to myself, \i don't care how old you get  this is still cool!!!\"""""
i'm up in the woods  i'm down on my mind  i'm building a still    to slow down the time     
"though each and every monday evening i show my inadequacy, i'm hella hyped about the world percussion ensemble performance next wednesday  i hope everybody comes to see us get down"
"if mcdonalds sold hot dogs, could you, with a straight face, order a mcweiner and tell them to super size it?"
"though i may have none of the skill they do, i'm glad i was able to be apart the mtsu percussion student's concert tonight  those of you who didn't attend missed a night of great music as well as a few of my sexy dance moves "
"this hand of mine glows with an awesome power! its burning grip tells me to defeat you! take this, my love, my anger, and all of my sorrow!"
watching the orphan on hbo  so i'm definitely gonna have nightmares   
i'm a nice dude with some nice things  see these ice cubes? see these ice creams?
where is everybody?
i think i'm gonna contact kanye west and see about starting a chapter of broke phi broke at mt
broke phi broke! we aint got it!
broke phi broke is still searching for prospective members  we can't afford to properly advertise so fb is all we can do  broke phi broke! we aint got it!
"broke phi broke is meeting via fb post tomorrow around 3pm \topics annoyed 1  the lack of funds\2  how to get more funds\3 hate on any organizations doing better than we are (all the other organizations)\4  hate on any brothers doing well for himself\all brothers are e playful ected to attend (comment on post) or be talked about, badly if you have any issues you would like to be discussed at tomorrow's meeting keep it to yourself "
so i don't feel like havin this meetin 
so i don't feel like having a meeting anymore we aint got nothing to say to each other anyway  broke phi broke - we aint got it!
"i need a big hot home cooked meal, a good laugh, and someone to give me a hug and tell me its gonna turn out alright   "
