98de9f7eaf93eaf3f1397e231450fe14
today was really fun  hopefully the rest of the week will be too
hopes today will turn out great 
suddenly feels like going to <propfemale> <propfirst>    
"heroes are the people who do\what has to be done when it needs to be done, regardless of the consequences "
stupid ear piercings!!!!
hopes tomorrow is gonna work out
why can't grass just stay one length and not grow anymore forever
i love looking back and remembering the memories
why is it that when life is starting to look up something horrible has to happen right after? is it life trying to balance itself? well it needs to give people a much needed break and let things stay good for once 
ugh i can never say anything right can i
there's only so much a girl can handle
wow today was intense
people can really surprise you  especially little brothers     
8 more days till my birthday!!!!!  laugh 
first i don't have ac in my <propfirst>     and now i don't at my house     i can't wait for winter
feels like there is a weight off my chest  i'm finally figuring some important stuff out
has had the best birthday ever!  smile 
do you enjoy making me feel guilty? because you're really good at it
synced their myspace account to facebook http annoyed  lnk ms 0wbg6
is starting to feel extremely overwhelmed   
excited for this weekend  smile 
stupid apple technology    my ipod is broken  sad 
stupid apple technology
seriously? please don't let this mean the nightmares are coming back again     
i like it on the carpet
my house is sooo creepy when no one else is home   
"just because i like my door shut, does not automatically mean i am hiding something"
had an amazing day today  smile 
a bird pooed in my <propfirst>   
excited to see room service!
room service was amazing!
excited for <propfemale> in wonderland  smile 
had an awesome day  smile  <propfirst> in the box was priceless
happy halloween  smile 
well today was definitely an emotional roller coaster 
please let me off this emotional roller coaster
i feel so much better then yesterday  now hopefully they will let me out of the house
hopes this weekend works out well
who cares if you disagree? you are not me  who made you <propmale> of anything?
bowling was awesome  smile 
just became really stressed out   
hopes this thanksgiving break goes well
happy turkey day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
snow tomorrow!  smile 
is going deaf by <propfirst> hickuping in my ear    oww
redbull
ducky is over  laugh 
has had a pretty good weekend  smile 
wow i just love the fact that you have so little confidence in what i can do     annoyed \
realllllllyyyy worried
hope this works out like planned    
<propfemale> christmas!
is having an awesome christmas  smile 
looking forward to tomorrow  smile 
today is kinda depressing   
in a way better mood now  i'm not going to let him make me depressed anymore  playful 
the cleaning is finally almost done  smile 
feels loved  smile 
not ready for school tomorrow at all
hangin with ducky!!!!!  laugh 
stupid bio <propmale> project     i'm never gonna use this in life -_-
today was awesome!  smile 
yesterday was awesome  smile 
today is amazing  smile  thank you <propfirst>
i'm not going to let that spoiled little brat ruin my awesome day
little women today!  smile  be there at 7 smile 0pm
feels loved  smile 
getting ready for my date tonight  smile 
had an awesome night even though it was a 1 hour and 10 <propfemale> wait to get a table and we were forgotten lol
ugh traffic school tomorrow at 7 smile 0am
just finished baking my mom a diabetic birthday cake from scratch  smile  i hope she likes it
