c1eb96bf3b3755bcf2bcf755eefdda56
you could get interesting        
how did it happen this way   
"baby, it's still raining let's go back to bed   "
suggestions 
ice cream sounds yummy but your too far away!
"all i've ever wanted was to get outta this place    as i pack away everything, i realize how much i'm gonna miss it "
missing my best friend and lover!
had the best birthday ever 
"i dont know how many times you've said this, so grow up and drop me  it's obvious who i really want is it not?"
hate the nights when you do anything to tire yourself but cant seem to fall asleep 
"\and i love the rainy nights   \"""""
missin my superman
maybe someday we'll see the light 
ouch!! just pierced my nose myself!! i likes it tho 
missin mr  barron 
missing my cupcake!
love how there's not shit to do on a friday night in fort smith!! blahh!!!
"working again, can't wait til i get off on tuesday, headed home to see my baby!!!"
"so, im feeling some wine tonight "
job interview this morning!!
things will come together 
the world around me seems to fade when i see your face  i love you more than anything mr barron  can't wait to see you again 
get to see my baby today!!!
glad to have a job again!!!
"i'm sorry i can't take care of you, its my turn "
<propfemale> almost succeed in burning the house down baking potatoes   smile 
i guess i always knew it was to good to be true 
heading out for thanksgiving and my poor lil trucks frozen  yah!
it must be espn or something 
"as charming as you are, theres never gonna be trust "
"job hunting with <propfemale>, court, then off to work  yay "
i wanna close my eyes and let the world pass me by 
loves this new change!! it's finally happening 
this may be a good thing 
"is the end near, or is this just a new beginning?"
who's here because of you?
"can't help but feel it in my legs again, gotta fight this flight "
wish i had i river i could skate away on 
"the day is new, and mines already made  i got to talk to the most awesome person god has created, i love you brother!"
your here but still seem gone 
the few words i get from you every few months keeps me going  you realize this is the longest we've been apart since you've walked this earth? i hope you don't disappear for too long again   
going back to dread-locks   laugh 
