51ef3ad60c784a95a95bd8140bb57fdd
"can somebody please send me some goats, i aint got none!"
"man i am enjoying my vacation, and with football season starting tomorrow i couldnt ask for to much more! go 49ers!!!!"
just dont let nobody hit u
i dont care who wins the mayweather vs marquez fight tonight i just hope its good and someone gets knocked out!!
go 49ers!!! were 2-0 and rollin!!
i just want to send a special happy birthday to my mom today i wish you have a great day!!! and to my friend <propfemale> happy birthday hope you also have a great day! and happy birthday to everyone else born today 
"<propfemale> your a best friend forever, who just happens to be a pervert!!!!! jk"
can everybody please send me a baby elephant!!!!
how many of us have a tiger woods in our life and don't even know it?
i just want to thank the vikings again for making this a good day by killing the cowboys and at the same time winning me some money!!
"damn, only 6 hours and 35 minutes left living my life in the 20's, what to do what to do? tomorrow brings the big 3-0, damn, after that its 40, are we really getting that old? o well might as well enjoy life while i can!"
i just want to thank everybody for the birthday wishes! even though it snowed all day i had a great day!
let's go spurs!!!!!!!!!!!
"finally, i'm off work  time to start my vacation!"
time to go to sleep     if i can
f it i'll get some sleep tonight might as well enjoy my vacation!! goodmorning to everybody going to work!
"man i was having a great day,and now i'm so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so sick!!!!!  i jumped in the pool with my iphone in my pocket and now"
"luckily my brothers tmobile works (tmobile still sucks) but if u don't hear from me i don't have ur information any more! bout to perform surgery on it, pray for a safe recovery, then either get drunk or go to sleep don't really know"
"damn i miss my phone!, only 14 more days! feels like an eternity      "
"man, my vacation is officially over, hate to have to go back to work but these bills dont pay themselves! besides messing up my iphone, i had a great vacation!"
happy birthday <propfemale>! go celtics!
up early making pig n the blankets for the kids 
"damn it seems like everyone is pissed off today, and now its my turn! i just found out that at&t is not going to have any f***ing iphone 4's till tuesday june 29th  the only way you will get it is if you preordered your phone which i did not cuz they stopped taking orders!"
"damn, my week just keeps getting worse and worse!"
"off work, quick to the      i forgot, i don't have a batcave, just my moms grass to cut   sad   help ur boy out with getting a batcave gio!"
"damn, why do people talk sh** from a distance and ain't gonna bust a grape?"
"congratulations to the greatest reciever ever, <propfirst> rice!"
"are you ready for some football? this is the best time of the year, football season  5 months of pure happiness! rep your team "
"thank you thank you thank you, that's for everyone at work that was clownin!"
"damn, i had a good day and a great night!"
boooooo! boooooo!
0 and fucking 5! fucking shame!
man i love this weather! except when it makes my allergies act up 
yes! finally!
"so today is 50 cent wing day at pizza hut, i wonder if they deliver my wings if i order 2! only got a dollar so i ain't tipping!"
"alright fellas, today is national \men make dinner day\""! so what are yall cooking the family tonight or are yall not celebrating this?"""
happy thanksgiving to all!! we might not have everything we want but we have more than enough to be thankful for  have a great day everybody 
"just got finished watching the movie \devil\""!!"""
"finally finished christmas shopping and with a whole day to spare, guess i did good this year!        hope i didn't forget anyone!"
"you can't choose your family, but you can choose your friends  so be careful who you call your friend, and choose wisely!!"
just made meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mini lemon meringue pies for dessert  and all of it actually tasted good 
"alright, to everybody that got something from me on their wall post, it wasn't me, i didn't send it and i don't know who did! sorry   "
"since i can't drive     i might as well walk, c y'all later!!"
been inside most of the day and now i'm bored!
"downtown, somewhat freezing, but i just saw <propfirst> rice (g o a t ) and it made it worth it!! waiting for <propfirst> montana"
"damn, damn, damn!!! i didn't know <propfirst> rice and <propfirst> montana were going to be down here! i would of brought something for them to sign! the guy next to me got an autographed helmet with both of them, i offered him 400$ but he won't sell, imma keep trying!"
"today should be a national holiday!! everybody should get the day off with pay  today is superbowl sunday!!, the greatest sporting event we have  one game to determine who is the best!!"
"green bay, still don't like you but since y'all won me some money, i guess we alright!!!"
"man, police are full of shit!! straight up!!!"
"alright, although i thanked everybody individually, i want to say once again, i appreciate everyone taking a moment out of there day to wish me a happy birthday  and if you didn't wish me a happy birthday        i'm going to delete you!!!!!! j k"
vacation vacation vacation! now what to do? i think i'll go gambling!
31 and still doing it        damn i need to stop!
"free drinks  and free money, you cant beat that!!! oh yeah you can, but i got that too!!! hahaha!"
"yes, it's about time!!"
damn!! 3 09 for a gallon of gas!! wtf!!! i got better things to do with 50$!!!!!!
revenge of the barracuda!!
"damn, the people in japan never knew what hit them! tsunamis aren't nothing nice!"
"     i got a car full of girls and it's going real swelllllllllll, the next stop is the eastciiiiiiiiiiiide motel!!!!! r i p    nate dogg "
"march 26 1995, we lost one of the pioneers of gangsta rap and one of my all-time favorites  r i p  eazy-e "
k e n t u c k y 
damn i know i got some quarters or something!!!!!!
