258f3b8314cd32f2b0278e0117382560
<propfirst>'s in class     sad 
"is confused by facebook ads  they want me to find a gay date, gay room mate, local gay romance, and hot man  they also want me to get swat training and build muscle, while playing lots of computer games, buying cheap apple products, removing almost all my hair, drinking vodka, watching dumb short films, and getting a koosh tech job  what are you up to, facebook?"
"is   break can not come fast enough    anyone remember the days when break actually meant something, instead of 300 tests to grade and 600 or so grades in total to enter?  what we call break pales in comparision    i miss kindergarten   just sayin'"
is hating partial credit exams   and blackboard   
is almost done with his work   let drunksgiving begin!
is through one family thanksgiving   now the boozies' turn begins     one of these days i secretly hope our after dinner activity is a game of beer pong 
"is done with thanksgiving    i cooked 2 turkeys with fixins    i feel like <propfemale> <propmale>, but less gay, and less manly   oh and of course less crazy "
"the heat in the house is broken    wow, 2010   you're going to screw me already?   not even 4 full days?   really??  i'd say use lube but that'd probably freeze at this point "
"today is a 12 hour day     it's 12 hours of broken crap, zero natural light, a basement with a cell that doesn't work, and pandora is not effectively channeling my anger    it's also hot as hell    i have gone through 80 ounces of tea and am still parched     corporate <propfemale> owes me a stiff drink, but since that's not going to happen   anyone in stl want to throw back shots on a monday?"
"my entire floor now smells strongly of baby wipes    one, who arms a cleaning crew with baby wipes or the scent of baby wipes?   two   wtf???"
"while i have no viable threat to levy against singapore or its people, should anything i support break there again, there may be an international incident "
"fake sickness annoys me    man up    also, if must at minimum miss 2 5 days per week you should be fired     i don't care who you are   except if i have to pick up your slack     then i care and i'm seriously pissed "
"anyone not leaving (or driving into) columbia, mo for the memorial day weekend?   'cause i might be coming in     hit me up if you'll be in the city "
"needs sickness to clear up by cocktail party   or perhaps just needs enough booze at cocktail party to irradicate sickness   gosh, adult life is hard "
it gets better   and it took damn well long enough   hahaha 
i'm pretty sure i just found out the song i want to play at my wedding to my for now theoretical husband     is that bad?    at one point down this line of thinking do i cease to be a guy?
"has anyone seen my shoes???    seriously, i need my black rockports back     they were unbelievably comfortable and breaking in shoes in this weather is not a recipe for a <propfemale> xmas      at that point it becomes whiskey xmas   "
"will be in columbia tomorrow     hit me up if you're also there     excited for cookies and friends   i-70, less so "
coffee does not magically appear    if you are too busy to ever make the coffee you are also too busy to ever drink it   just a thought 
"just answered the door to a fully suited fireman, with rig and all    and just when i thought life was boring   "
"dear anyone-who-had-even-the-slightest-connection-to-the-film-\black swan\"":    you are of less value to this planet than that \""art installation\"" in mexico consisting only of starving dogs     that is all """
"excited that the packers were able to win the superbowl and beat down a rapist simultaneously     congrats, packers and cheeseheads everywhere "
"dear cobra starship:   your \hot mess\"" album cover font makes your band appear to be \""labia starship\""   i hope that was not an accident """
"is pissed that fb chat and fb messages do not work at work, because now i can't turn anything off     so, really, i just look like an a-hole, and even though i pretty much am anyway, i should be in control of how and when i reveal that about myself "
"9 hours after it began, an sap job is 25% through the 100ish requests i gave it    thank god for vpns   this crap's gonna run all weekend "
"finally has working internet service again    oh, internet, how i've missed you   "
"dear tennessee and the good people within,\\i have only one question:   you've seen nashville, right?    k    just checkin'     you have fun with that e playful lanation after your new <propmale> "
"dear <propfirst> quint,\\i'm getting updates about you but cannot remove these updates or message remove you due to a pending friend request i don't even remember doing (it was apparently a long time ago)     please deny my request so that i don't get useless updates about you \\k    thanks "
"new my drunk kitchen, ep  7, \tacos\""   god bless harto     though i am concerned about the feelings i'm developing for a lesbian   haha"""
"so   the complex is closing, and i've never been   two things annoyed 1   is it worth going once just to have had the e playful erience?\2   if i go, anyone wanna come with?   when?"
sooo   who's going out tonight?   my 1st pride so i could use a guide   or several 
"so   facebook chat is not a giant box on the right side   thats nice    2 questions annoyed 1   how do i turn it off?\2   any way to pick what friends are listed in said box or order them?"
facebook messages blocked at work is annoying    that is all 
"you know, i know we're trying to take it back, but i still really don't like being called a faggot, especially when it's clear it wasn't in the spirit of reclamation "
