9bc3900f2fe8b6a3a27be419fc2aa503
nothing says happy new years like banana chocolate chip muffins smile   love 
welcome 2010 were happy your here!!!
is at the beach!!!!!
is in the middle of a 12 hour drive home! grrrrrrr
is home at last whew!!!!
<propfemale> karenina is the never-ending book            grrrrrrr seriously as soon as i think i'm done with a section guess what i'm not!!!!! i'm not even close ( unless you consider a billion pages close  ) i hope the movie has an accurate depiction           
my headache is so not going to get better with neighbors banning on their roofs        ugh
the office rocks smile  i think it should be longer than half an hour though sad  !
at the library studying for european history                               i am so screwed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
seventeen!!!!!!!! love 
coloring her brain               hmmmmmmm i wish i had a way of getting the color into the cracks  surprise 
"for homework i have notes, notes oh, and you won't believe it some more notes                    "
wow there must be a god      i have 101% in keller's class       hmmmmmm maybe its a miracle or something     
this week needs to be over i have no more motivation!!! ahhhhh
global warming my butt!!! : )
is back but just barely ! !
needs homework music!       suggestions? ? ?
studying for bio sucks! ! ! !
20111111111!!!! its nice to meet u finally!!!!  laugh 
is it possible for the human brain to e playful lode from a massive headache? hmmmm i think mine will so i guess we will find out!
there is so much to do for finals      i just don't want to do any of it!!!
is going to bed at 10 surprise 0 it's a miracle! haha  smile  sweet dreams
why does studying for bio have to be so hard? its so easy to get distracted !!! lol smile 
getting up at 4'oclock (yes am!) for a speech and debate tournament  even if i live through that       will i be able to make it back on time for the dance? yes no? thoughts  ?
i have to keep reminding myself its monday     i guess its just one of those days!
"write the pro case, write the pro case, write the pro case              "
packing!!!!
"pro, pro,pro,pro con,con,con,con lol ahhhh its running on a loop in my head!!! lol smile "
sighing already and its still just the beginning of a new week!
why can't it be possible to have my eyes closed and still do my math homework?
attention all speech and debate kids!! we will be taking our speech and debate yearbook picture on tuesday march 9th at 3:15 ! see you there
so my desk light is no longer working i think i tried to change the bulb about 20 times! i think my desk is trying to tell me something        too many late nights perhaps ?
how can i possibly be e playful ected to do homework when the weather says sit by the fire and do nothing!
no school!!!! yay! happy snow day
i hate internal assessments! lol especially when they remind me of how much i procrastinate !
what does someone do once they have found a lost dog? ?
stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit stand sit  i wish i was kidding  catholic masses are the best aren't they i get my exercise and i get to pray! all in one  lol
9 hours of cas bouncing for destination imagination ! oh boy so much fun i think my head will pop  wink 
is not setting her alarm clock ! yipee!
like my status and i will tell you what you mean to me!  love 
"dear summer, i think your hottttt!!!  wink "
"slept over at eishu's went and saw letters to <propfemale> with my cousin, then i scraped my knee while playing volleyball with my brother who won  frowny  lol and now i am cleaning my room! what a perfect first day of summer!!!!  wink "
<propfirst> jennings saved my life yet again !!! thanks dj  wink 
nothing says summer like sunburns and mosquito bites! aka camping! lol
awww i lovvve our ib class we are amazing!!! thanks guys your the best!!!!!!  love 
awwww thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!! i love u all!!! free at last!!!! hehe smile 
happy thanksgiving!!! eat lots  laugh 
i'm so so thankful for all my friends in and out of ib! i wouldn't have survived without u guys!!! like my status and i'll tell u why i'm thankful for u!  wink  xoxoxo  love 
ahhhh just submitted my application to portland! keep your fingers crossed people!  laugh 
ok title paper prepair to be conquered!!!!!
"so totally going to pull another all nighter, that will be twice this week! i guess thats what i get from procrastination! go ib  wink "
what if the hokey pokey is what it's all about?
<propfemale> christmas   happy holidays!  laugh   love 
i think only an ib student would be filling out college apps while watching resident evil about 40 minutes before they are due       or maybe i am mixing up ib with procrastinator      is their even a difference??? haha
hey hawley's class!!! that awesome packet we got is due on a day that is not tomorrow? yes??
don't forget to come to trivia night!!! tonight @ 7!!! come one people we have chipotle and starbucks gift cards!!!!! its only $2
so tell me if i've got this right      school is optional tomorrow? has the district lost their minds?
ugh seriously! we did english orals in english! y did i even come to school!!!  laugh 
so now that i have coughed up a lung      lol amazing job shhs debate team!!! we stole the show!!! i mean it was a 16 hr day but it was sooo freaking worth it!!!!!!!!!!! luv u all
let's say hypothetically that we were all famous and got to go to the oscars     who would you want to sit next to and why? ? ? both my parents say <propmale> hanks but idk i would want someone who has a good sense of humor lol
"is north korea a more serious threat to united states national security than iran?         its not that i'm not interested in this topic, its just that i'm not interested in this topic      wink  maybe i would be if i wasn't debating it tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"5th place for shhs debate!!! yay good job partner <propmale> bennet!  smile  we are a hell of a team!! also to maheema haque 7th rocks!!!! you are amazing! and <propfemale> brown for 9th place!!! we rock qualifiers!!! also to sidharth tripathi, arthi kumar,david trevethick,vikasani mahalingram, micaelyn <propmale> , and <propfemale> su, and <propmale> rajhes!! you are all outstanding!!!!  smile  i love u and great job this year!!"
"what if my history ia discusses more of the changes in the us overall? ie: sputnik caused political, technological, and public perception changes in the us         (in relation to the cold war) is that an issue? anyone? ? ??"
wow thanks <propfirst> for taking  stealing  killing my life !!!!!
how is it possible that i have conquered all this ib crap but i still can't keep my room remotely clean?!
\e playful erience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first," the lesson afterwards \"" - vernon law \"9bc3900f2fe8b6a3a27be419fc2aa503,snow!!! why is it snowing in april?!?? and i decided to wear flip flops! awesome 
ib buddies!!! the history review tonight is probably the best to come to! we really do get a lot done and it is productive!!! it's in meeting room a! thanks!!
prom!!!!! finally wink 
"what a weekend! a <propmale> wedding, prom, and now osama bin laden has been killed        an interesting mix i guess"
