dc9b97dd6cf559e1c25970a27bbd1266
is the newest dishwasher at red lobster   laugh  glorious!
"loves you  dont ever forget that, ok?"
's face is harder than an airbag  wink 
's shadow force nerf sword will take you out  count on it          ya      smile  i'm excited
is going to cortland  its gonna be fun  smile 
is anyone up? anyone want to hit up the skylark or something? im bored  and hungry  sad     text if you want to <propfemale> out!
really bored sad   anyone want to <propfemale> out? text me  i'm up for just about anything!
work in an hour = no thank you  sad 
starting anew  
    ruts are bad
loves hates capitalism
phone is missing at the moment! panic!
whew  phone phound 
"the fragility of life is not a thing to be underestimated  take care, all of you "
is gonna counsel at sky lake summer '10!   how fabulous!?!  laugh 
"chillin 'twixt classes at the bizzle c and cizzle  get at my cell! oh, and be good "
"i wanna love ya, and treat you right  i wanna love ya, every day and every night  we'll be together, with a roof right over our heads  we'll share the shelter, of my single bed  we'll share the same room, yeah  for jah provide the bread  is this love - is this love - is this love - is this love that i'm feelin'?   joyful "
skype!
anybody got skype? i do! add me!
"charlies going away barbecue at grammas! if you know <propmale> and you know where grammas is, get here!"
rain!
is hoping everyone thinks its too nice out to go to the robster for dinner
"<embed allowscriptaccess annoyed always\"" src annoyed ""http annoyed  www tunescoop com player swf\"" flashvars annoyed ""file=http annoyed  streams tunescoop com 31889_like_a_g6_m d -jay_remix wav\"" border annoyed ""0\"" width annoyed ""207\"" height annoyed ""20\"" style annoyed ""margin-bottom: 6px;\""  >"""
and you just found out that you can't say <propfemale> wrist-watch 
anybody wanna chat? hit me up for my cell  smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a rntap?ref=nf
borred ask me anything or message me for my cell  playful  http annoyed  yearbook com a rp803?ref=nf
ask away  laugh  http annoyed  yearbook com a ryqjo?ref=nf
wow myyearbook  thanks for telling me every stupid question somebody ask or your app is gonna go straight to my share button  not cool 
work  text me with ideas for plans for after!
"did ya ever finally work up enough courage to im someone ya havent talked to in a while and then you look up after you've written just what you wanna say, andthey've logged off?  me too "
"just a hint or a trace of a shadow on her face is a wink or a smile that deludes for a while; she walked right on by, didnt even bat an eye; she just didnt care playful lain didnt see me there "
"work at five, cells dead, message me here and ill get back to ya afta"
"work, got my cell phone after, so text me with monday night ideas!"
scrubs!  joyful 
why is risk management the center of decision making? get info now! (google ad at the top of my inbox) hidden life email?
"have you ever suddenly realized you have significantly less money than you had thought? yeah, me too"
