2b7dc4f71f7458302ee49676349ad093
finally have some down time   off work until monday   welldeserved after four 12 hour days in a row
back to work tomorrow   these four days of vacation have flown by 
helped one of teen mania's staff members move today   not sure what to do with the rest of the day 
kind of a dull afternoon
i am needing some help financially to finish my year at the honor academy   check out my most recent note for details 
what's going to happen to me   i honestly have no idea what the near future holds   but   i do know who holds the future
"they gave me a deadline yesterday   if i do not raise $2,095 by monday i will be asked to leave   check out my note for more details "
short of a miracle i will be leaving teen mania this week
hey everybody   it looks like i'll be leaving teen mania before the weekend is over   possible as soon as tomorrow morning   i'll be around to say goodbye and stuff at least tonight   
has some options in life that i'm not crazy about but they seem to be the best options available   what to to?!?
if you had two facebook profiles i would be your friend twice
b-dubb's   north town   10 o'clock   be there   be there!!!!!
b-dubb's   north town   10 o'clock   763-957-2296   be there   be there!!!!!
ring! ring!   hello?   destiny?   i've been e playful ecting your call 
my phone has officially crapped out on me   it is still alive but is in a coma and will remain in a vegetable state for the rest of it's life
there hooves are like razor blades and their not afraid of you!!!!!
i got a new phone!!!   so all my friends can start texting and ca   charge for 8 hours!?!?   never mind   it looks like i'll have a new phone tomorrow instead
maybe i should journal   
i do not believe in naps   i believe in sleeping in
i have not poked or been poked by anyone for like a few months now
haircut
jesus!!  you have made the difference!!!  in my life i'm nothing on my own
working tonight from 10 until 6   dun-dun-duuun
anybody going to church tonight?
working 10-6 tonight   monster khaos in hand   job interview at target tomorrow at 4 surprise 0
interview at target at 4:15
my  my   it seems we have a sickly boy on our hands - <propmale> payne
job interview tomorrow   better than either of the two that i have right now working overnight
yawn   good morning world
good morning world   work for the next three nights but we can catch up on monday
iiiiii!!!!!! lliiiiivvvee!!!!!!(all crazy and dramatically)
<propfemale> corn is like $0 75 at target!!!
"hey people, <propmale> and summer have an extra ticket to a skillet, decypher down, hawk <propmale> concert tonight @ 7 smile 0 and need someone to go with them   if interested shoot me a text asap @763-957-2296"
less than 5 seconds ago   but more than 2
if you hit the wrong button   facebook dies   i think i just hit it
anybody feeling b-dubb's tonight?
wing tuesday?  is anyone out there interested?
sitting here with a notebook   what should i write?
kinda frustrating when my parents rent a movie i want to see and play it louldly in the room next to mine while i try to sleep so i can work in an hour
the cousins are over   i taught them how to give a wet <propmale> ?[:b(mater?)
ramen done right   stovetop
i need some new shoes
everyday party is coming to mn club 3   i'm tempted to go just for the party count
needs help finding new shoes
just discovered chapstick
if you had told me that three years ago i would have called you crazy
jcp tonight!!!!!
does not want to work tonight   so why did i say yes when target called   can't say no to free money i guess
bed soon   work tonight   then <propfirst> smith arrives
i think i'll go to bed now
what are those?  pez?
facebook chat is failing me right now
downloading
downloading <propfirst> gungor's ancient skies
swing dancing tongiht   meeting at the church by 10   text me if you are interested
"do you guys still want to go tonight   my parents think driving is a bad idea <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfemale> <propfemale> hamlett, jaymes <propmale> grossman"
wants to watch radio
(something jesus-ish)
i'm thinking about going to see sherlock holmes   does anybody who's seen it have any thoughts as to the spiritual content?
workin two more nights then a three day weekend
the weekend is heeeerrree   the weekend is here and it lives in me(to the tune of salvation is here)
there is a dis-ease in my soul   i need to get this diagnosed
anyone coming tonight   text me to let me know
mass- chaoss   everyone get off the bus and get on 2x2
are shoes really this big of a deal?  i can't buy just any pair
how can i refuse the cute little turtle saying adopt me in the ad?
so who's going to be at mn acquire the fire?
just stood up from the computer and nearly blacked out   my whole body started to feel like i was injected with novacaine   weird   but lol
went shoe shopping and returned empty handed
extremely tired   i helped tear down after my sisters dance recital today   reminded me a bit of being on the road working at different churches
got up early and went to spend the day loading in with atf- ministry team   had a blast   going back tommorrow   then had an awesome conversation with <propfirst> smith   super tired so no swingdancing tonight
acquire the fire was awesome   so much so that i think i want to go again in des moines iowa on the 26th and 27th   is anyone else from mn interested in going with me?
swing dancing was fun   
"god is not a man      god is not white man      god is not a man, sitting on a cloud"
"what is the opposite of feeling great? is it feeling horrible?  i don't think so  the opposite of feeling anything deeply, good or bad, is feeling nothing "
me: i wonder if theres some centralized place where these places get their recipe's my dad:  yeah    <propfemale>
sub-zero is upon us
sub-zero was like ultimate awesomeness unleashed for a weekend
to all of my honor academy homies who are at that certain point in their internship   happy march madness
three hours until i need to start thinking about work   what to do until then?
"\time is ticking away!\"""""
swing dancing tomorrow night at the tapestry   if anyone is interested let me know
taco bell   i am going to feel gross tomorrow
meeting at the church at 9:45 to go swingdancing <propfemale> belt  <propfirst> groven <propfirst> godsent <propfirst>   <propfemale> larson and whoever else is car-pooling
who is going to church tomorrow night?  i won't be able to make it to the morning service
bring your cell phone to  jcp tonight so you can text in dating questions!!!
had a good workout this afternoon with <propmale> steenhoven
@awesomeguy what's going on in your life?
<propfirst> <propmale> pitiol for some reason the tag in my last post didn't work
i need to turn my back to where i've been   to look at what's before me   because i'm not going back to where i was   although it's made me who i am
gonna take a nap and then go to work four nights in a row
going to read a book and eat some doritos
i don't get out near enough and am planning on e playful loring   any suggestions?
a real friend knows you so well that when you forget your lifesong they can sing it back to you
i am kinda completely bored   i need something to do tonight
first thoughts waking up: what state am i in?(from a survey i filled out last year)
why people love to say name when they see me   they usually aren't talking to me   i guess they're just acknowledging my existence
went for a run   raked some leaves   jcp tonight   hanging with <propfemale> <propmale> after
"don't be hostile to the gospel, choose it   the only gospel i like, is gospel music"
is thinking the night was a success
oatmeal with brown sugar  surprise 
it's like i'm slipping in and out of consciousness
son of a b!!!   did not realize that liquid bandage has an anti-septic in it
"dear lord, bless this body to our food   amen"
liquid bandage anti-septic 2 - <propmale> 0
i don't have the words
bout to mow the lawn
anybody want to go for a walk?
ecclesiastes 4:11 if you wait for the perfect times in life you  will never get anything accomplished
unlimited texting!!!
what does today hold in store for me?
anybody feel like watching a movie at my house tonight?
i want to go for a walk in the dark   but i think i'll wait for a night that's a little warmer
which <propmale> <propfirst> album is the good one?
your mom called   she said she sent your inhaler in the mail 
i feel like watching the lion <propmale>
swing dancing on thursday at the tapestry   anyone down?
<propmale>
where is a good place to go for a walk?
gonna <propfemale> out with <propmale> stevens and clean my paintball gun   then swing dancing at the tapestry
mall of <propfemale> with 180 tonight   6 smile 0 at the church
just created a jcp paintball group for anyone who wants to know when and where games are happening
watching the lion <propmale>
slept eleven hours and not working tonight   aargh
i got to ride a mechanical bull tonight!
"i an free all day until six, text the cell if you want to <propfemale> out"
i am kinda bored and wish something exciting would happen
waiting are atf on god tv to load
"a wise man once said, \i don't understand\"""""
"warning! facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor  to block, go to kitchen cabinets remove box of aluminium foil  wrap foil around your head, stay calm & breathe through your left nostril  this is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and    her chihuahua  copy and paste asyour status & save your friends "
no covenant!!   you just had to say it!!
i wish i had an arch nemesis   or a wife
frisbee frisbee frisbee
i want to go chill at mercy ships
i haven't been this disappointed since my bunk <propmale> left without saying goodbye
we need to hit up a five guys some time soon <propmale> stevens
"read your bible, pray everyday and you'll grow    grow    grow   "
who wants to hit up the tapestry tonight?
(an emo sounding post that is really just supposed to get your attention)
went disc golfing for the first time   then went and bought some discs
i need to get a camera so i can start documenting the life of all my amigos and myself   any suggestions?
"\i thought disc golf was supposed to be a safe sport but i guess i can see where that could happen\"""""
who cares   
if any of my students want a ride to fasting prayer at noon let me know 
ladies   i need your help   my sister is turning 21 this week and i'm trying to think of a good book to get her for her birthday   are there any that you would highly reccomend i get for her?
ladies   check out my last status update and give me some feedback
if anybody is heading to minnesota from texas anytime soon let me know   specifically teen mania
still need to find someone from texas coming to mn
it is stormin' something fierce out there
ha northener's   we need to do another applebee's night   who is available next thursday night??
just bought a gallon of blue juice @<propfirst> macias and @<propmale> peaches
not feeling well
rough day
180 don't forget   pre-service prayer at 6 smile 0 tonight
i've been back in minnesota for one year today   still hurts on occasion
i have had not nearly enough sleep
got a decision to make   where did i leave my magic 8 ball?!?
a little frustrated   just a little
does anyone want to go see inception tonight   showplace has a 7:50 and a 9:50
needs something to do tomorrow   free all day and home alone
kinda wiped out from spending the day at valley fair with 180
despicable me tomorrow at 7:25 showplace   anyone want to go?
someone please choose a new profile pic for me
despicable me tonight at 7:25   anyone interested
"i'm trying to get some people together to play some halo   does anyone have the set up for the the original halo on the 360(360 w hard drive, halo: combat evolved, controllers)?"
did anyone else realize that the original xbox and 360 are compatible for a system link when playing halo: combat evolved
had an amazing time frolfing yesterday at a sweet new park   and then got caught in a torrential yet <propfemale> downpour around the eighth hole or so   it was epically awesome
"i'm looking for a second job does, anybody know if any chill places to work?"
what is a good website i can watch old tv shows on?  i'm specifically looking for the last episode of smallville season 1  @netflix fail
looking for a digital camcorder   any suggestions?
just got off work and want to do something tonight
anybody up for frolfing this afternoon?
+9 at ham lake   personal best
so is anybody interested in swing dancing this thursday?
i need a workout buddy   anyone interested?
who wants to hit up the frolf course today?
8-4 smile 0 tomorrow and then finally a day off
"first legit matchmaking on halo reach: crazy king   first place,+15k d, two triple kills"
i am a thinker   i tend to think a lot   often about the future   and often it's frustrating   because i'm not sure what's coming next   and it just may be that i'm afraid that there is nothing coming at all
downloading the <propmale> map pack   someone hit me up on live
"change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on fb till monday, december 6  join the fight against child abuse, copy & paste to your status and invite friends to do the same "
to all who waste their lives playing halo   hit me up and we'll waste away
my profile pic looks like i just looked at something terrifying   but what could it be?
working at 6 tomorrow morning
god doesn't call the equipped   he equips the called!
god loves me too much to harm me and is too wise to make a mistake with my life
if god were to show you everything he had planned for your life you'd pee your pants and go home
gotta do some algebra   but then we should <propfemale> out
didn't get what i asked for   guess there's always next year or my birthday
time to turn the xbox off and work on some algebra
working tonight   no parties ringing in the new year for me
did you see how he turned the helicopter?!
you should see these bullets in 3d   it's like we're actually being shot at!!
derice? do you want to kiss my lucky egg?
got the score i needed on the math placement test   now i'm just waiting for the right course to open up
"so who am i going to see at acquire the fire - minneapolis, mn this year?"
had chipotle for the first time in a few months last night   
what are the potential side-effects of drinking an e playful ired pepsi?
calling mn ha alumni   so acquire the fire is without swot and support this weekend and really needs some extra volunteers to work as merch store captains and head ushers etc   if yo are able to make it tonight and want to help the team out in a big way that would be awesome   call or text me at 763-957-2296 for more details
had an awesome time with acquirethefire collisiontour in minneapolis this past weekend
"alright, another year in which i don't have to worry about making any plans or doing anything special for valentines day!"
"you're telling me we're all under house-arrest?   no, you're free to leave whenever you want   but i'll shoot you in the leg"
just discovered <propmale> pino
"\i like <propfirst> crowder worship band and <propfemale> lavigne; bible studies and jokes about sex and i'm tired of people insinuating that just because i'm a christian i can't have an occasional beer \""  -fence straddler"""
"i would like my fb friends to comment on this status, sharing how you met me  but i want you to lie "
knocked over an entire pallet of coke 12 packs today at work
was finally able to donate plasma today
just finished reach solo on legendary
"''hey   god ordained question, but'   what if we posted that   instead of 'hey   random question, but'"
some trying to edit some videos but the mpeg format that my camera records in won't play audio in quicktime or final cut   and suggestions?
just finished my first video for jck!
got this fine saturday off   if anyone wants to <propfemale> out i'll be doing math homework
finally found my flashdrive after looking for two hours and checking everyspot it might be three times
is it rude to tell someone you don't believe them when they tell you they have a kid?
about to watch the series finale of lost!!!
feels icky
is healthy again
i'm watching a legit episode of <propmale> and <propfirst> and the're completely wasted!!!!
loves peanut butter on saltines
just put in an application to lowe's for a second job
thankful for the scientific calculator app on ubuntu
i have decided that i want a spiderman cake for my birthday   anyone who can deliver will receive my love and undying gratitude until my next birthday
been up since 6 and was up late because of allergies
"the facebook love languages\\quality time                         instant messenger\words of affirmation             picture comments wall posts\act's of service                     applications ie farmville\gifts                                     gifts\physical touch                      pokes"
