58b491f677c70d9907e6f851bdb69535
dove to 150feet today!   was fun  smile 
has cabo wabo on his mind  smile 
is off to eat some crepes at crossiant de <propfemale>!  love that place 
is pleased to find out that for the second time diving his phone down to 120 feet will in fact break it again      idiot!!!
hasn't had a damn phone for four days   it's pretty jacked up    amazed how i made it without one before   
damn that trailer trash party was fun 
you think you know what you're doing but you don't!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!   thanks and i had a good time!
     
is headed to cape cod!
headed to u2 concert tonight in boston!  should be fun!
back to reality in key west      home from boston 
wonders if his <propmale> <propmale> franco will be visiting key west soon   
has no idea what to do with his day!                
finds taco <propfemale> to be the best mexican food in key west 
is awake 
just mopped the floor!  what a blast!    off to the day off thing!
"is e playful erimenting with dark rum, pineapple, and cran-strawberry while he surfs the web     i have to say the drink came out great!"
got his costume ready for the infamous fantasy festival down here in the keys!   e playful ecting 85000 people this year!  should be crazy!
feels that if you haven't done it yet     you gotta make it down to key west florida for fantasy festival      crazy town!
<propfemale> christmas  smile 
is over stupid people 
the damn oil just may have ruined my bad ass life style up down here     people suck 
"we really need to thin the herd     i'm pretty sure cock roaches are smarter    or atleast they are a team   there are far to many people on this planet and you know the saying    you can't please them all   it would be alot easier if oh i don't know 3 4 of the worlds population went \missing\""    """
maybe it's time to join the shepard and harpoon the folks who are harpooning whales 
captain <propfirst> has arrived!  leber perez i e playful ect a salute early every morning and if not!  you will clean the deck!  haha jk!
the ugly truth    best movie and everyone should watch it today if you haven't yet !
thank you for the bday wishes  smile   much appreciated 
found my reel!  just trust me it's important!
<propfirst> good luck    i'll be in boston don't call or write 
what to do next           
there can be no light without darkness!
snow boarding in new hampshire @ loon   not bad at all!   for all of you snow peeps wondering how the east coast is  smile 
flew an r22 today first time in a helicopter!
