709cf4f386cc9b5b3d960c50910e87e4
"i take off my clothes, but i trip over my jeans cause i'm still wearing my shoes, but it's okay cause i turn it all into a sexy dance  next thing you know i'm wearing absolutely nothing     except for my socks  and you know when i'm down to just my socks what time it is    it's business time "
"i need 1 brick, 2 horseshoes, 3 nails and 3 boards for my stable! help me out here!"
still need 2 nails and 2 boards!  laugh 
1 board and 1 nail left! hook me up!
blah 
accidentally sold my half finished nursery  sad  now i gotta start all over  sad  a little help please?
"hey soldier boy, so fragile, so narrow, now the price of your blood is measured in barrels  god damn uncle <propfirst>'s got a plan with that rifle in his hand, man we got a holy war  the holy land is the new vietnam, bodies burning in the sand, damn, it's a holy war "
"global tensions running wild, bodies float across the nile, anthrax spilled in vials, oil wells burn for <propmale>, how many troops are goin' in, fighting this war that we can't win? hey mr  president there's oil drippin' down your <propfemale> "
yay! i got my reef shark on mafia wars!
send me frontierville stuff please!  smile 
need 2 nails and 1 paint bucket in frontierville  could use some help  thanks
one more paint bucket  sad 
happy father's day to me and to all the other dad's out there!
there's been a stupid dog barking across the field since i've been here  4 hours  (probably longer)
"i would give you the stars in the sky but they're too far away  if you were a hooker you know, i'd be happy to pay  if suddenly you were a guy, i'd be suddenly gay  cause my heart belongs to you, my love is pure and true, my heart belongs to you "
"i know you feel like the walls are closing in on you, it's hard to find relief, and people can be so cold  when darkness is upon your door and you feel like you can't take anymore, let me be the one you call, if you jump i'm ready to fall, lift you up and fly away with you into the night, if you need to fall apart i can mend a broken heart, if you need to crash, then crash and burn you're not alone   "
"i\ would give you the stars in the sky but they're too far away  if you \were a hooker you know, i'd be happy to pay  if suddenly you were a guy,\ i'd be suddenly gay  cause my heart belongs to you, my love is pure and\ true, my heart belongs to you   "
"i believe i can fly, i believe i can touch the sky, i think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away  "
there's just one person i have left to e playful ress my feelings towards  too bad she means too much to my wife or it would have been done 
yay for 60 hour work weeks 
"how we cried the day you left us, gathered around your grave to grieve  wish i could see the angel's faces when they hear your sweet voice sing  so go rest high on that mountain, son your work on earth is done, go to heaven shouting, love for the father and the son "
"these facebook games are getting retarded    and i'm pretty sure they're burning a hole into my brain, or whatever's left of it "
"if your dad is a hard working man and is your hero, helps you no matter how bad you are or is just the best dad ever, if you are blessed to still have your dad or if he is in heaven, paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad, and that you love him dearly  you can replace a lot of people in life, but you only have one dad"
"i believe in jesus christ  one facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall  the bible says, if you deny me in front of your peers, i will deny you in front of my father  this is a simple test  if you love god and you are not afraid to show it, re-post this!"
