74335b58efd72dad3c68f77479e5c66d
"the aquabats are a seriously super rad group of guys! if you can go to an aquabats show and not have fun, that is non-sweet!"
there should be a way to set up polls on this thing  that way i could ask people for advice  then i could see what people have to say and promptly ignore the responses!
"summer jobs are done    i get one day off and then back to school! *sigh* being a bisy backson is not for me, but i guess i will keep it up for a little longer "
"<propmale> and i have sucessfully achieved a new level of nerdiness! our trip to arizona was great! i am convinced that the honored knight is one of the coolest people walking the face of the planet! i wish i could have spent more time around him    anyways, i will probably put some pictures of the geekiness up, but look at them at your own risk  you may not want to be seen in public with us afterwards   "
ouch  today  wednesday  monday  wednesday  ouch ouch 
i've been learning a lot of very cool stuff recently! if only i could actually remember it all   
oolooloo
the brothers bloom  great movie! it makes me think that <propmale> and i should become a team of con men   
feels like a chump!
i realize that yesterday was an exciting day! hopefully today follows suit!
aho! the megapode!
"are there any csu students that would want to help me out by completing a short (22 question) survey? i procrastinated and only need a few more  if you're interested and can do it tonight, feel free to call me at (303)847-3482 "
almost there   
perhaps a very small leopard can change his shorts   
"i have a test in metaphysics soon! but whether i do good or bad on the test, all i ever needed to know about metaphysics i learned from the librarian!"
feels like the last two days have been very cathartic  it's been a long time coming too  how fitting that it's raining now!
*is whistling nonchalantly*
"so far pin points and gin joints sounds amazing! \the route that i took\"" and \""sister mary\"" sound particularly good to me!!! i have abused their 30-second clips already! december 8th can't come quickly enough!!!!"""
i don't like when streets go from two-way to one-way  were they ever really two-way?
"attention: the number 9 is off limits for the next couple of days  it should not be used  this means that the movies 9 and district 9 are now terrible  luckily they're old news  if sesame street chooses 9 as the number of the day, please report that attrocity to me, and god have mercy on those muppets  finally, the hour 9 surprise 0 should be referred to as \pain o'clock \"" said number can be used if really needed i suppose """
"alright  the number 9 is now safe to use again  in the case of an actual 9 event, the policy may be reinstated "
"roooolll over, sit up and beg"
"pin points and gin joints is here!!!! it's earlier than i e playful ected, but it is sooooo awesome!!! gotta love it!!!!!!"
bummer  my paper will be turned in late  oh well  some points are better than none i suppose 
don't overestimate me!!!
maybe my alarm clock should play a poke-flute tune?    
has been dancing like <propfirst> brown! do do doot do do doo doooo doo!
"had a good moment this morning  i was feeling pretty blue  i started to clean my bathroom and put my ipod on shuffle to listen to some tunes whilst cleaning  third song in is my favorite song of all time  i love the song very much, and it was even cooler because it was very appropriate  i started feeling better  since then a few songs have come on and they've been awesome too! pretty nice   "
"<propmale> is mostly a figment of my imagination, but i like him anyway "
i learned a very nice lesson from my doggy yesterday! very nice indeed! thanks pooch!
"my ipod put on an eerie playlist lastnight! it was supposed to be random, but it sure didn't seem it! next thing i know, it's going to want to be called <propmale> and when i ask it to open the pod bay doors it will say, \i'm sorry <propmale>  i can't do that \"""""
the campus geese are hilarious  i would like to hug one 
my email informs me that my copy of the new streetlight cd has shipped to me today! that means it should most definitely be here by it's release date on tuesday!!!
had fun talking about kung fu tonight!
man i love when i randomly feel like a monkey! (clicking away)
"let no person say they are lamer than me! i have spent a good deal of my morning contemplating the virtue of my new pen! yes, that's right!"
garyuu x returns!!! he's in the springtime of his youth!!!
"how do the angels rise up, rise up? how do the angels rise up high?"
"lately i've been learning a lot of lessons, so i want to thank everyone who has contributed to them in some way (which is everyone i interact with in some way)! the hard part is actually getting myself to utilize and adapt what i've learned to my life   "
wow  i kind of want a <propfemale> badger   
i wish i wasn't such a scaredy cat    so i'll be a scaredy dog instead!
my right foot is mostly numb    hmmm    
"i've seen 2 praying mantises today! i feel like the double rainbow guy, except about one of natures most efficient predatory creatures! one of these awesome guys is hopping around on my window sill!!! cooool!"
"instead of going to class, doing homework and going to work later, i'd much rather listen to my music for awhile  oh well "
you can make it apachai!
had a fun time today  i got to <propfemale> out with some people who are incredibly genuine and can gladly recognize and appreciate good character in others!
haha! <propfirst> rollins is awesome!
listened to some songs that i haven't listened to in a while last night  it was refreshing and i've decided to spend this week enjoying some past favorite tunes! it's made all the better by going to see a fantastic concert tonight!
apapapapapapapapapaaaaaaaaa!!!!
"wow  i was going to stay up even later to work on my final paper, but the internet just told me to go to sleep    i think that i might have to obey   "
thanks bubbles!
thanks to everyone who alerted me of the lunar eclipse tonight! i hurriedly got in my car to go watch it in a location with less light pollution! i need to do that sort of thing more often  it was good 
listening to some good tunes! it's awesome when itunes reads my mind!
thanks <propmale>!
"i think i'm going to watch movies and do a puzzle tonight! if you think that sounds lame, may you live in interesting times!"
this weather is awesome!
"the aquabats are cool with me, and i'm cool with them! they really made my day today!"
feeling like a mudlin 
training and toilet humor at the park  thanks <propmale>!
god help the poor soul that tries to get between me and my bowl of chili tonight!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
it's okay thor! you did your best! your compatriots in thickness still support you!
"thanks <propmale>! usually i wouldn't entertain the idea of doing scurries after wednesday, but today was a big help  i'm thinking we need to scurry about on saturday too!"
i wish i had more money so i could give more of it away   
the dalai lama is stepping down as political leader of tibet? that's both very sad and super cool 
"maybe not the brightest bulb, but so quickly dismissed that if you blinked you'd have missed it"
thank you <propmale> and cobra! it was a fun evening!
"person: knock knock!\monkey: who's there?\person: legs!\monkey: f*** you and your legs  elbow combination!"
love! we all do struggle with loneliness! love! i am often very afraid!
"the ride home from class today consisted of colorful bouts of road rage  alas, my wrath was impotent  that's probably a good thing for the legal system and myself "
