887eb89a94957faf3d3cdb12c857c308
is leaving for south <propfemale> tomorrow
is in south <propfemale>
is back from south <propfemale>
was wondering if anybody wanted to go see transformers
is really bored
anyody want to <propfemale> out tomorrow
yay i talked my parents into giving me a license smile 
these ib books suck
hates working at a sky sox concessions stand
i guess i better start on the ib essay
yay i finished my essay
this english assignment really sucks
do we have homework in asian history?
anybody wanna chill tonight?
who all is going to the football game cuz i might come?
go broncos
"ib sucks, i'm gonna probaly be up till 12 tonight doing homework "
"heck yes, 103% on the biology test and i didn't even study! owned!"
is for some reason in a really good mood 
rip <propmale>
"homecoming was preety sick, would have been a lot cooler if i could actualloy dance though "
woah my facebook is super screwed up
go broncos 5-0
6-0!!!! eat it!
anyone want to go to mind seizure tonight?
i wanted another snow day    
just now starting my tok essay  sad 
"umm the roads are really bad, don't go drive"
anybody want to chill sometime this break?
"i will be completely honest for 48 hours     you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister, personal or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get!"
english orals suck
had an interesting night
yay tok   not
i shouldn't be this tired at 9: 50
learned he for sure isn't mexican
"just found some 5th grade slideshow, thats some funny stuff"
it's too early
umm what is pants on the ground lol
is 188 a good score for the psat?
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
not digging the new facebook layout
wow <propfirst> white is frickin awesome!
well today was interesting
i think i'm the only ib kid who goes to sleep before 11 lol
anyone wanna chill tonight?
got new shoes
really dosen't want to take the sat
of course the one day it snows we already have school off lol
hey we found a whole litter of kittens in our garage last night and we can't keep them so if anyone wants a cute <propfemale> just hit me up 
is tomorrow a blue or gold day?
this tok oral sucks
awesome night
tok blows besides that life is pretty good though
being sick sucks
"do people really need to join groups that count to 20,000 "
why am i not allowed to see my ib scores?
i don't think i've ever been this tired 
just got whooped by my cuz on cod
does anyone know the password you need to log into jstor from home?
the extended essay is really starting to blow 
"hey does anyone have an extra ipod usb cord, mine got stolen out of my car lol"
so in japan i would wear a 3xl lol
no homework tonight    it doesen't feel right lol
i'm feeling so fly like a g6
kinda regrets not asking anyone to homecoming now
is tomorrow a blue or gold day?
so i think half the student body at rampart works at <propfemale> corral
"it's\ love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped\ your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered \you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put\ this on your status if you have an amazing sister!!!"
"awesome weekend, that cultural contact thing was pretty fun, i got a 22:13 5k which was pretty cool, and i had an awesome time chilling with my cousin <propfirst> in pueblo"
yay for getting a cold and the stomach flu back to back within 3 days
its so hard to keep focused on extended essay
yay got my extended essay rough draft done
well that was a cool 5 minute blizzard
i really wish that they had like timers you could set on facebook that would block you out of facebook for a certain time so that you had to do homework then 
its so hard to study for the sat on a friday night
"type your name: <propmale> feeback\with your elbow: jkesdsd gfvererbnasasvc \with your nose: j34wewe rfc34e4gh wfrmji8 \with your eyes closed:<propmale> feevacj\now post it as your status and don't erase your mistakes!!!\dang i'm pretty good at this"
i think i'm the only one who would be cool with a snow day tomorrow 
nothing like late night green chile 
why is it forty degrees in florida?
why does d11 have a 2 hour delay and d20 dosen't?
awesome day of airsofting  smile 
i think ogelthorpe and transylvania among others need to learn that i don't want to go to their college 
does anybody still need to do their cultural contact thing for spanish?
go bears!
anybody wanna go snowboarding on the 5th? it'd probably better if you weren't super e playful erienced since i'm gonna be terrible but anybody is welcome to come 
is anyone going up to monarch this weekend?
how many words is the world lit paper supposed to be?
snowboarding was really fun even though i doubt i'm gonna be able to get out of bed tomorrow 
anyone wanna go to the rise against  bad religion  four year strong concert at the fillmore on april 15?
do the world lit papers need to have a works cited?
free ihop today and possibly free chick-filla tomorrow? sick!
got a droid!
go unc!
is tomorrow a blue or gold day?
well that sucked
