923c4f5da95a8277d9b7143b53369b70
going to work on my day off   but <propfirst> and i are going back to the parents after work  maybe i can finish fixing the blue mustang   smile 
"going to dayton tonight  in recent news, getting all my school stuff in line  going for my associates in applied science! woo! first class will be engine performance i   smile "
off today! going to pick up the apt  then <propfemale> with some good friends   smile 
"worked all day, now sitting in engine principles and design class till 9 smile 0pm"
finally landed the store manager trainee job at aarons  just scared my school schedule is going to be ruined now    sad 
"last night working at hastings tonight  starting aarons on monday morning  a higher pay, more hours, plus over-time should be good  pay off these cards, then save for something more    smile "
- a weekend between jobs - going to the renaissance festival with <propfemale> for the day!
black mustang is finally put back together  running rough since it's been sitting though  just awaiting for a nice day out to wash and maybe drive it 
what is the meaning of a life not simplisticly true    what to do    -_-
yay christmas!
puttin' my favorite movies onto my psp  only a few more days till my baby comes home to me   smile 
off today    what to do    maybe cruise the town again 
"off wednesday - hooking up cd dvd stereo in  my car, going to go get a free wheel alignment, then a haircut "
happy easter! flying to vegas tomorrow evening for a week  regional meetings for my job  should be a very interesting     laugh n
leaving for las vegas this evening    wink 
home from vegas  exhausted    sleep   
        sick
nothing better - the postal service
"\last week i had the strangest dream where everything was exactly how it seemed   \"" sleeping in - the postal service"""
"went out for a bit, now home for dad's birthday   happy birthday dad  smile "
":,("
i think these two days off are just what i need   smile 
you know     it's all going to be alright someday   smile 
what a nice day out  would be nice to spend it with someone 
going to the park   
so much for the park  lol minor setback  car exhaust broken   laugh  sweetness
goin to <propfirst> and <propfirst>' to drink koolade and jump on a trampoline till we hurl!!! lol mwahaha!
mmmmm food sounds good  work from 1pm - 10pm     playful 
just finished watching bounty <propmale>  pretty good movie  time for sleep  gotta get to work by 9am  dm visit tomorrow  should be interesting  nite everybody!
"off today  one of my good friends from ca is in fairborn, oh  going to go meet up with him around 4pm  it's been over 4 years    gonna be good to see him "
"putting all my cd's onto my ipod, and gonna sell all of them at work  not gona get much but why keep them? work sunday  noon till 9ish "
"it's a crime, you let it happen to me  nevermind, i let it happen to you  out of mind, forget it, there's nothing to lose, but my mind and all the things i wanted  everytime i get it throw it away, it's a sign i get it, i want to stay  by the time i lose it, im not afraid, of looking at you truly fake it  how can i believe when this cloud hangs over me  you're the part of me that i don't wanna see: breaking <propmale>"
"oh yeah, it's going to be a crazy kind of week  gotta buy new head gaskets for the black stang and get my exhaust fixed on the blue stang  i really wana buy a kawasaki ninja  trying to find a cheap one on craigslist   laugh "
finally getting to bed  took the blue stang to a muffler shop today  glad she's fixed  been working on the black stang all day  pullin the engine apart to replace the head gaskets  work in the am 
painted a few engine parts last night  custom <propfemale> red with black lettering valve covers on the black stang  hopefully get it all put back together to drive it this weekend 
yay! finally got my last income tax refund! hello another $700!! maybe i will pay off some debt with it    laugh 
"porting the intake and exhaust on the black stang  while it's apart, cleaning the carbon buildup off the valves  she's gona haul ass when she's all together!  laugh "
"one step forward, one step back  got more work done on the black car, but after a part run and a buzzy dinner with friends, my blue car's ball joint decided to collapse apart  luckily <propfirst> was there to give me a hand, as well as my dad 5 hours later  worked on car for over 5 hours in the movie theatre parking lot     ugh  not fixed yet, only partially fixed to limp her home  fix tomorrow  exhausted     sad "
"awesome! blue car fixed and drivable  what a crazy day  was out trying to get parts and then the corolla decides to blow the heater core  i seem to be having bad luck lately  oh well, things got better after  still workin on black car's engine  hopefully have it done by next wednesday    smile "
"another productive night working on the engine  all that's left to do is reseat all the valves and install the new keepers, which should be done by monday  after that, just gotta put it all back in the car  i'm excited to see how much more horsepower it's going to have    laugh  work at hastings tomorrow afternoon  goodnight!!"
"yay, it's 6am and i can see the sun coming up  i think it's time for sleep  haha   laugh "
"my new room is fully constructed   yay!  i'm off for the next two days, which is also yay!   playful "
"packing  going to newnan, <propfemale> tomorrow morning till sunday "
sitting in my hotel room with a bad headache   sad   just going to relax till work tomorrow  yay <propfemale> 
just 2 more days   
"it rly sucks    but this $5 pizza from little ceasars, <propfemale> mist, and superbad on tv is going to make it ok for now    :  "
so i had this dream that someone wasv trying to kill me  i woke up to find there was a horror movie on tv  grrr    it's 3am  i gotta get some sleep   sad 
home from <propfemale>  <propfirst> came over shortly after i got back  i'm fortunate to have such friends  we took a ride in the black stang to new <propfirst> and the car died on the way back  taking turns pushing the car and clutch jumping it we made it home  best week ever    smile 
i won't give up    i can't 
"woke up early, worked on my car a bit, then \spent the rest of the day laying in bed watching movies and snacking  watched iron man 2 and <propfemale> in wonderland  \pretty good day off~!  laugh "
"had a pretty good day today  work was pretty fun and got lots done  seems like things are finally looking up for me    laugh  time to snack, and watch tokyo drift till i fall asleep   smile "
 smile  sleepy  work tomorrow  mwahaha!
"crazy tornado warning in richmond  watched everyone freak out  (<propfemale>) lol did some department rearranging in video  very busy  all in all, kick ass day!  laugh  sleep now  dm visit tomorrow!"
" smile  gona work on black car, then chill and play some halo and w@w "
4 smile 0am    sleep couldn't sound better 
"if something is hot    try to remember not to touch it  you will get burned, and it will hurt like a bitch  lol   smile "
pulling a 10 hour video shift sunday  brings back memories    haha bring it on!!   laugh 
"finally home    my 10 hour shift turned into 12 hours, but it was worth it  so much got done today! hopefully it's good enough  fingers crossed! lol"
"another awesome eventful day  time to relax with my sprite, twix, and split second on 360          smile "
"flip your mind to a new design,\and get some sleep to pass the time  -<propmale>"
damn    stood up     sad 
two days off from work just to do different work  haha  did some wrenchin' on the black stang for 12 hours straight today  very sore now    ugh  least it should be finished in a few more hours  needs to stop being broken all the freakin time! geez 
"well today was unfortunate so far  put car back together, but not correctly, so will have to do it again    ugh  anyways, gettin rdy for work  3 to 11 isn't too bad    never a dull moment at the store "
ordered another $100 worth of car parts for the black stang  should be here in a week or so  okay so black stang needs a sexxy name  anyone have any thoughts?
finally home from work    gonna put on some jeans and keep wrenchin on the car!   laugh 
"well today was pretty much a complete mess  lol oh how i love being an assistant manager   playful   well, it's about 1am, time to go work on the car for a few hours  yay!   laugh "
omg    can it be? is the car finally drivable? test drive tomorrow morning!  laugh 
"test drive successful! just another couple hundred in parts and she's completely done! needs a hood scoup, a back spoiler and bigger front tires    smile "
"gona start working on <propmale>'s suv, then need to stop by work a lil later    then again later for a floor cleaning  blah    laugh "
"long day    gonna play some 360 till 10pm, then go to work for a few hours "
so tired    worked from 9 - 6pm  came home and worked on <propmale>'s suv  dad did one side and im about half done with the other  should be done in a day or so  gotta wake up at 6am and meet the crew at work to set up for the 5k run at the park  then work from 3-11pm    awesome    i need a vacation 
i think it's time for a change 
hood scoup and tail spoiler ordered for the black car  $300  should be here by thursday   smile 
wednesday and thursday off  mmhmm  laugh 
"wednesday was awesome  parts arrived  got the hood scoup painted and bolted on  started paining the spoiler, but ran out of paint  my little bro <propmale> helped me too, which was fun   smile  thanks <propmale> "
"spent my 4th of july with some of my best friends in indianapolis! watched movies and ate pizza  had fun guys, have to <propfemale> out again soon!  laugh "
"very productive day yet again  work was awesome as always  got home and starting running speaker wires from the stereo to the doors with <propfemale>  i think her sister, angel, is getting jealous   wink  haha"
it's so strange to think about work 24 7    even when you are off the clock  i love to think of it as dedication  i am determined to keep motivated and stay focused as a manager    smile  but for now   i will enjoy this day off with <propfemale> 
watching hot tub time machine 
did some more painting with angel and <propfemale> today  was kind of a boring day tho  watched some movies while drinking a 2 liter of twist up while it stormed outside  gotta work at 9am tomorrow    blah   laugh  haha
sick   
"we all make choices in life   some good, some bad    it's best to admit your mistakes and take responsibility, than live a lie "
    no one ever said the path of truth was easy   
to all my former co-workers @ hastings  i just want to say these past 4 years has been something i will never forget  a lot of time and memories were spent with all of you  i will miss you all and i hope none of you will forget me   sad  please stay in touch   
"sketched in a drawing book for s few hours    it's 2am, time for bed i think  i think this drive away from everyone and everything has been a good way to clear my head  i start my journey home sunday morning   smile "
on the long road to home   
"5am, 10 oreos, and a glass of milk on an empty stomach  i'm going to bed to have some crazy ass dreams   laugh  night!"
"re-bolted all 4 tires on dad's toyota camry since we lost a tire while driving earlier  haha  painted the front 2 brake calipers red on the blue mustang  will paint the backs tomorrow  hanging shelves in the garage tomorrow  4am, goodnight!!"
going on a trip! be back around tuesday!  laugh 
back in town! anyone wanna <propfemale> out?  smile 
home at long last  hopefully land a job this thursday  i really wanna buy a bike or maybe a project car to fix and sell   smile 
so i think i'm going to throw a party next weekend  august 7th  anyone down? byob  wink  let me know so we can make it happen!! txt me at 937-564-1727 or shoot me a comment 
working on <propfirst> <propmale>'s 87' nissan 300zx this week 
"yay, i was over qualified to work at meijer! well    in the back room anyways  i've never been over qualified before  feels pretty awesome lol  i meet with the store manager tomorrow at 1 smile 0pm for a 3rd interview  looks like i will be working in electronics!  wink "
"<propfemale> is a bitch  wink  mwahaha oh, life is good  now who's ready to celebrate!?"
"woke up at 7am this morning and continued working on <propfirst>'s 300zx  fixed just about everything that was wrong with it  replaced the back brakes, fixed a few gauges, and did some work on the gas tank  now it only needs an oil change and it's done   smile  i'm exhausted   time for bed  helping <propfemale> move into her new place tomorrow, then party saturday!"
totally had a blast tonight! thank you to everyone that came to party! hope you all had a good time  have to do it again soon   laugh 
so yesterday morning <propfemale> and i were on our way home from richmond and some guy wanted to race us  well    i'm very sad to say he totally smoked us     sad  i have never seen a car like that before    looked like a import crown <propfemale>  oh well   
it's going to be an awesome day if <propfemale> has already referenced lord of the rings and <propfemale>    lol
"car show tomorrow @ 1-4pm in arba, indiana  going to enter <propfemale>    would have liked to enter both my cars, but it's hard to drive 2 cars at once lol  spent the last 2 days cleaning her up for the event  wish me luck! hope i win something this time!  laugh "
"just\got home from the arba friends car show  i'm a little sad that\somehow i didn't even place in the top 10 out of maybe 25 cars  there\were many that were <propmale> or not even clean  oh well  i basically payed\$7 for all the food and drinks i wanted and to see some cool cars  i\did win a few raffles  free food from pizza hut, and some detailing stuff   it was a fun time  just have to try harder next time  wink "
spent a few hours with <propfemale> tonight  painted a few more parts and added some black edgeing on the intake  i'm running out of things to improve though  i still need a chrome vaccuum pressure gauge and do some work with the trunk area  maybe then i will do better in the next car show  we'll see   
lost my cell phone somewhere    ugh   
"wow, i haven't played maplestory in forever  but now there's an app for it on the ipod touch "
still can't find my phone after 3 days of looking    maybe it truly is lost forever     sad 
if only there were something i could do to make everything 'ok'    sad 
outside working on the black mustang (<propfemale>)  she was leaking oil from the oil pan and main seal  trying to get her fixed up before the car show this sunday 
the thunder in the park car show today was awesome  i'm glad i finally won something! both my cars won trophies  blue car was in the top 15 for 80's and newer and the black car placed in the top 30 for 79's and older  not a bad turnout  seeing all the other cars gave me a lot of good ideas for the future 
"got home from work, had a smirnoff and started work on the black stang  i wanted to paint the springs that hold my hood up  little did i know one spring isn't enough to support the weight of the hood  the moment i took the first spring off, the hood slammed down on my shoulder    oh yes    it tickled    lesson learned  time to turn in for the night "
car show tomorrow in cambridge city!  laugh  8am - 4 smile 0pm 
"<propfemale> is polished and shined for the show  time to get some rest  up at 8 smile 0am to get ready  then to hastings to sell $15 worth of stuff for the entry fee, then off to cambridge city!  laugh "
"the cambridge city festival was awesome  entered both cars into the car show, but only <propfemale> brought one home this time  placed in the top 50 out of 100+ cars trucks bikes  there was a sound competition, eating contest, and crowd favorite drawing  very glad i got to be a part of this event  good times!  laugh "
going to go work with angel in the garage for a few hours  gotta find a way to make the engine look cleaner    hmm   then bed 
"watching trailers for <propfemale> vs  capcom 3, final fantasy xiv: online, and need for speed: hot pursuit  so many games i can't wait to play!  laugh "
"home  watched resident evil: afterlife, bed "
"sleep  going to greens fork, indiana for another car show  this may be my last one for the summer, since it's getting cold out  but after, going to the <propmale> festival in fountain city  then car shopping for <propfemale>   laugh "
the long search is over    my phone has been located and recovered  laugh 
sonic adventure is available to download to your ps3 via the playstation store! sweet!!  laugh 
"just finished getting angel ready for winter and attempted to fix the gas fume leak  put in a new thermostat, purged all the old coolant and filled with fresh antifreeze  changed the oil and filter  interview tomorrow at securitas @ 1pm in dayton "
almost killed someone on the way home tonight  swerved at the last second and almost wrecked my car    i probly would have beat his punk ass bloody face in if i did  who the fuck darts out into traffic on a bike?
"that's weird    for a second there, my grape jelly sandwhich smelled like wine  eh    oh well   laugh "
helping dad pull the transmission out of a honda accord  going to wetzel tomorrow  hopefully get a full time job set up  then errands 
had an awesome bday   laugh  thank you all!
will be starting my second job in about 2 weeks at richmond toyota 
"ready to start work at richmond toyota @ 8am tomorrow   laugh  till then, just going to play gt5 all night "
i love <propfemale>
droid = awesome!
<propfemale> christmas everybody!!  smile 
 sad  im so glad im so awesome at fucking everything up   
1-765-993-9529  new phone number guys  smile 
watched almost all of the first season of vampire diaries with <propfemale> last night  love 
"going to try to go to work tonight, though my stomach doesn't agree  looking forward to monday though cuz my sct tuner for the blue stang should be here  wink "
thinking of the past    depressed now   
final fantasy versus xiii    definatly going to have to get that when it comes out  kingdom hearts style fighting  pure amazing     smile 
i never really thought about it    but i work at least 15 hours everyday  8am-11pm   laugh  mwahaha
at a wedding in connersville  smile 
watching <propmale> with <propfemale> 
omfg     this is insane  dare i try to make it to toyota?
here comes the pain    ugh    damn ice  least i'm at work now  annnnd im the only one in my department  lol
all that work to get to toyota and they close up shop at 12  guess its back to the house 
"g101 3 just played \ice ice baby\""     thats so messed to   """
makin breakfast! woo! been watching <propmale> for 8 hours straight  lol  gotta finish season 3 
i can't help this feeling that i'm meant for more  a feeling that i'm supposed to be someone    but who    and more importantly   how?
"\my polyamerous friend    you've got me in a mess of trouble again\"" - breaking benjamin \",923c4f5da95a8277d9b7143b53369b70,"playing some gran tourismo 5, then bed "
my girlfriend came home yesterday with a baseball bat and some mace     o o
valentines day in indy with <propfemale> 
lunch with the guys was fun  gotta get rdy for work at meijer now  4 -11pm  wink 
"i love <propfemale> vs capcom 3  however, the fact they took out 20 characters from the previous is disappointing "
playing little big planet 2 with <propfemale> 
"been so nice out lately    if it keeps this up, ill have to let <propfemale> come out to play  wink "
gasp! did i actually gain 3 lbs!? lol o o
so    tired    must survive the night    ughhh    coffee    mmmm 
ordering a new performance coil pack and underdrive pulleys for angel - gonna bolt on another 10-15hp  wink 
"i'm cooking    so as fair warning, i tell you this now    please vacate the area  lol  playful "
"watching talladega nights makes me want to drive for nascar  wink  how sweet would that be    though, i think i'd prefer a right turn every once and a while  lol"
sore  working till 11pm  lame  least i'm off tomorrow    bout time 
children's museum tomorrow  smile 
made it from richmond to indy and back on just under 1 4 tank of gas  course    we only made it to the centerville exit when we ran out  lol
"had a good time today at the children's museum with <propfirst>  got my parts today, so hopefully have them on tomorrow morning "
a simple misunderstanding is the perfect disaster 
"10 <propfemale> shower, a bowl of cereal, and its back to work till 11pm "
social distortion    i've missed you  smile 
day off and what did i do? went to work at toyota  least i made $150 today  internet next week! yay!
calculated my points through weight watchers and today i used 110 points  lol (allowed only around 30)  laugh 
i think i'm just going to work a half of a half day  lol leaving toyota at 11 to relax before meijer ;p
"some kids don't deserve to drive  just saw 3 kids get into a tricked out car, but not before they threw all their trash out in the parking lot  disgraceful   "
pizza on a tuesday? i like my new boss already  smile 
internet tomorrow!! finally 
sorry for all the trophy update crap my facebook friends! lol just got internet back   laugh 
"to my gamer facebook friends  now that my net is back, here is my usernames  playful s3: dj-darkfire  confidential box: kj_darkfire"
awesome    my gas tank is leaking gas again    every year  ugh 
time to fall asleep to some breaking <propmale>  only gotta work at toyota tomorrow  wink 
getting my car looked at by a toyota tech while i work  hopefully they can solve this gas problem  sad 
does anyone know any remedies for a head cold? my face hurts  sad 
"well, would seem my gas tank on the blue car has a hole  got a new one, going to try to get it out on tomorrow morning  blah "
"and here i thought my car was fixed    has to stay overnight at toyota  well, least <propfemale> gave me a ride to meijer tonight  really hope its fixed by tomorrow "
isn't it strange to think even the smallest change of your past could alter your entire future?
god dangit!! dropped my phone on the ground and now it has a crack across the screen  crying 
"left angel with the parents  i know dad will find a way to fix her  meanwhile, took <propfemale> out of storage  wink "
so i never knew my boss at toyota was the father of a famous nascar driver  and why does the forecast call for snow on saturday!?
so tired    work 4-11at meijer  yay  blah 
"damn, an hour late to toyota  lol  lucky me    the timeclocks are broken today  wink "
"well, no more back seats in the blue stang! took them out  car is officially only a 2 seater now  wink "
2 smile 0am    can't sleep  gotta be up by 6am  tomorrow is going to be rough  lol 
something is definitly off    work 8am till 11pm  gonna hopefully watch tangled tomorrow after work 
"too early   *yawn* oh well, the free donuts at toyota makes it okay  playful "
'tangled' was a very good movie  highly recommended  smile 
3 more hours  this day is almost over!
woo!! effin jammin on the way to indy!!
sitting in indy traffic with <propmale> 
"someday i'm gonna find it  wish i knew what i was looking for, inside this disarray "
almost broke all the toes on my right foot! definately gotta be more careful when handling heavy banquet tables  annoyed 
going through old stuff  man i'm such a pack rat  lol gotta throw away or sell this stuff 
gave the blue car a tune up  now to play some crysis 2!
work till 11pm  then its ab early easter tomorrow with the family  wink 
definitly done better things at 3 smile 0am    
"pulling the engine apart in the blue stang to clean, paint, and port it  work in the am  then hangin with my girl, then home for dads bday "
engine overhaul about 50% done  upper intake fully ported and cleaned  next lower intake and heads port and clean  should get higher mpg and approx 20+ hp  wink 
"man i feel like i'm 5 again, playing kinectimals   lol"
"left side engine head ported and polished  just need to port the right, reseat all the valves, and reconstruct  wink "
"<propfemale> is acting funny   i have tomorrow night, all day sunday, and monday night to put angel back together  <propfemale> just needs to <propfemale> on a little longer  sad "
now its a race against time  <propfemale> can't handle being driven 24 7  i have 2 days to finish angels engine rebuild before i go back to work  aprox 70% complete 
blue stang 90% complete  heads on  just need to put intake and rest of the accessories back together  should have everything done tonight    i hope 
2am and the car is 100% put back together  unfortunately i couldn't test the car due to a mushroom cloud of smoke that came out of my battery  lmao
"sanding down mikes fender  applied a coat of primer, sanded, primer sealed 2 times  tomorrow should be ready for paint "
well the fender looks semi professional  painted and clear coated  gotta fine sand with 2000 and re-clearcoat tomorrow  exhausted   
dj hero!!
arcade fire concert tonight in indianapolis!     laugh 
"won a $230 canon digital camera, sony swiss army knife, and a nifty flashlight from cyberscholar! sweet!!  laugh "
just ordered a 500gb sata netbook hard drive for my ps3  my drive space will no longer be a concern  wink 
so far an awesome month!!
"so far an awesome month  won a camera, swiss army knife, 360 with kinect, got my $500 tax check, $950 check from toyota and got prompted to supervisor! omg  laugh "
"almost done with work  gotta stop by my girls apt, then home to install the 500gb hdd into one of my ps3's  then taking apart the other ps3 to fix it "
ps3 hard drive swap successful  moving all 50 movies stored on my 60gb ps3 over to the 500gb system 
car door will not freakin close! literally held it closes driving around town  kept turning too fast and it kept flying open  man this sucks! gotta fix it asap!
car door is fixed thanks to my dad  a man of limitless talent it seems  looks like i will be in indy on tuesday for a class for work  should be interesting  wink 
"off to indianapolis at 7 smile 0am for a management class for meijer  should be out by 5pm, i hope  then to spend some time with my <propmale>, <propmale>  wink "
made it to the meijer in mt  comfort  phone gps kept acting up but i managed  lol guess i'm not as close to indy as i thought  annoyed \
does anyone want to buy an xbox 360 4gb system with kinect? brand new  won it in a contest  already have one  they go for 299 99 new  asking $200 
such a boring evening   
really getting burnt out with toyota  hopefully i won't be here much longer   
xbox 360 with kinect still for sale! anyone?
 sad            
exhausted   
"doing some body work on the blue car, so will be driving around without a fender for a week or 2  heading out to frickers with my <propmale> <propfirst> tonight "
so gone right now  lol time for bed    both jobs tomorrow   
"there comes a day, we sought to sway, our loves we lost along the way  though times are hard, we make it through, searching for a love that's true  -<propmale>"
so tired but can't sleep  sad 
"as much as i do in one day, and i can't get to sleep before 2am? this sucks    i really need a change of lifestyle  work 8am - 11pm tomorrow  ugh -_-      "
following through with one of my commitments  bought $100 worth of dietary foods  starting my workout tonight  aiming at a 2700 calorie intake daily 
"drank a shake, worked out for about 45 <propfemale>, took a nice shower, ate a protein bar, and now i'm exhausted  can't wait to do it again tomorrow!  laugh "
"mmm, peanut butter sandwich on whole wheat bread and a chocolate milkshake for lunch  blech!!  laugh "
"got almost everything done today  haircut, eye doctor, black car fully detailed  now i just need to get home and out my fender on the blue car  wink "
body is so sore    its times like these i wish i still had a girlfriend to rub the soreness away  annoyed 
:' smile ' smile ' smile ' smile ' smile ' smile ' smile ' smile '( omg this can't be happening     again   
"well looks like everything is working out so far  got my windshield replaced, though i did have to yell at them  now just need to fix the hood   again  lol"
"i wonder if i missed the memo    i've been at work now about an hour and have yet to see anyone  lol i guess ill wait till 10, then leave    maybe ;p"
work   blah  glad to be off at 3  then its off both jobs tomorrow! hell yea!
e street pub tonight  it's all good  wink 
mmhmm     good drinks  watching <propfirst> hit on a red head  lol ah    good luck <propmale>   smile 
"well overall it was a good night  had some beers, listened to some good music, and came home smelling like smoke   bleh  lol hopefully next week is better!"
rocking out at djs bday party  laugh 
"well today was productive  dad and i put the corolla together, i made business cards, and put angel back together  smile "
one more long day tomorrow  8am - 11pm 
anyone wanna go to e street pub tonight?  smile 
definately a night to remember  never played <propfemale> pong before but it was freakin awesome!!  laugh 
toyota is sending me to school today  maybe i can learn a thing or 2  wink 
well just one more thing to add to my resume  pro certified in detailing  playful 
"got 2 new front tires for the black stang  ordered a ball joint, 2 calipers and brake pads  re greased the rotors  by tuesday she will be ready "
tomorrow will be interesting  let's test my value at toyota  wink 
put in my 2 weeks at toyota  it'll be nice to work only one job again   
"\they're just things baby  they're just things that people say \"""""
mwahaha good times with cool people  smile 
"omg    what the he'll happened tonite  its all a blur  beer, pool, friends, chicks, bar hop, <propfirst>, more beer  and finally sleep  dayum!!"
"after getting home at 2am, had to get up for work at 6  took a few hours to wake up    and the dizziness to fade  lol  playful  now for the 2nd job till 11pm  so tired   "
a night of rockband and drinks with some friends  finally home at 4 smile 0am     *collapse*  laugh 
"\i find myself staring off all morning; thinking of everything  what am i to do now  where is she  why do i feel like im running out of time \"""""
e street  mmhmm yep  wink 
"\who said anything about a relationship  im just looking for a good time \"""""
how did all these lightning bugs get in my room? its gonna feel like im sleeping outside watching the night sky    just being optimistic  smile 
workin till 11pm  only 3 more days of toyota left! not counting tomorrow cuz im off!! and going to <propfemale> with <propmale> and hopefully <propfirst> tomorrow! yay  laugh 
"i stand here wondering  thinking of the night  what the hell    there's a drunk girl face down on the floor, <propmale> snorning on the couch and <propfirst> in his room  i stand here drinking orange juice thinking, \well tomorrow should be interesting \"" *sips orange juice*  laugh """
fortune cookies are liars   
chucks sports bar    maybe smileys after 
at the movies watching green lantern  perfect way to clear my head   
i received my blue shirt today  officially a team leader! hellz yea! and my <propmale> will gave me a rhyming dictionary today! awesome day today  laugh 
well 6am surely got here fast  time for bed!  laugh 
oh this is not good     laugh 
first day as a blue shirt   smile  awesome fireworks last night btw! with awesome company 
sitting at home drawing  smile 
giving angel a bath   smile 
"washed the car, practiced guitar, worked out, chilled with <propfirst> at e street for some pool, meijer for stuff, then home "
rockin out super <propfirst> world with <propfemale>!  laugh 
best weekend ever  love 
i think i pulled every muscle in my upper body going tubing swimming  omg    so sore    grrrr     frowny 
ah    i love getting random checks in the mail  just gets me closer to paying off my car  wink 
"i have come to the conclusion that if i don't do something for a long time and try years later, im better than before  odd     playful "
"well, can't say i like closing at 11pm and opening at 7 smile 0am  oh well  playful "
ordered a shift <propfemale> and limited slip diff for the blue stang  this should help overall drivability as well as driving in the snow   smile 
hmm  could my life be taking an interesting twist?  smile 
rip chezza  sad  you were an awesome cat 
went to brookville lake with <propfemale> and her family  tried disk boarding for the first time  its fun and im somewhat good at it!  wink 
off to camby in for training 
"had a good weekend with <propfemale>  this week, will be focusing on getting my cars ready for the car show in arba this saturday "
washed and waxed <propfemale> after work today  getting both cars cleaned up for the arba car show on saturday  tomorrow have to focus on cleaning up angel and i should be set  it's hard to enter 2 cars to the same show  lol
off to the car show in arba  wish us luck!  smile 
"my phone is currently not working, so if you need to contact me, please leave me a facebook message and i will get back to you asap  thanks!  laugh "
got my replacement phone today  back in business!!
work   blah   laugh 
"picked up a transmission cooler for angel today after work  i figure after the performance shift <propfemale> that we installed, she could use a little extra cooling just in case  also picked up another neon line <propfemale> to finish the back speakers  hopefully get the exhaust patched up soon and maybe new front paint  wink "
trans cooler installed  re-bonded louvers to the back window  had a nice convo with my sweet gf  patched up and painted parts of my exhaust and cleaned the garage  maybe i'll re torque the heads to fix that coolant problem 
i have under my care a beta   smile  such a happy little fish 
"wow, apparently i won something else from cyberscholar      mwahaha    anyone want to buy a 40\ sony internet tv? lol"""
"went out for a race tonight  ok, i can man up and admit i lost     this time  tonight the victory goes to <propfirst> hill and his 2001 honda civic si  congrats man  we'll try again after i do a little more work to my car "
just got off the phone with an old friend i haven't seen in years   smile 
beer!!!  laugh  and people!!!
"had some drinks with some good friends  played some black ops, or blops as <propfirst> calls it  lol feelin a little better   smile "
off today with nothing to do    maybe i'll do some online shopping   
"<propfemale> in there girl    don't let me down  i know you can do it    you're stronger than this  and when all else fails, think of our future together    or all the things you remember about us  remember, i'll be waiting for you    and i'm only a phone call away    but you have to be strong   \\stay busy and don't worry about me    and before you know it, we'll be together again "
out for a walk   
"we are watching a movie  \ where a tire    kills people  lol omg    this is the highlight of my week   laugh "
"took care of some errands yesterday and ended the day with some good drinks, nice company, and a new show i need to keep watching  not sure what happens now, but that's ok  ill heed some good advice and whatever happens will happen "
"picked up a new bed set, and a new game (dead island)  get paid today with holiday premium too  oh, does anyone want to buy 2 tickets to see <propfemale> <propfirst> this wednesday in indy??  smile "
2 tickets to see <propfemale> <propfirst> this wednesday  anyone want them??
oh c'mon    im not conceited  i really am awesome!  laugh  lol
"only 3 more hours of work, then some well deserved sleep  indy at 8am tomorrow    yay  lol"
off to indy for a few hours  another training class 
bored    guess ill go spend some money in town 
"alright all my awesome facebook friends: it has come to my attention that due to circumstances beyond my control     it's time to have a kick ass party! this saturday  comment or like this and tell me whatcha think! if i get enough coming, it's on   wink  drinks, music, food, games, bon fire, etc "
"\this world wont bring me down  not anymore  the trusted have failed \"" -<propmale>  wink """
"awesome night with awesome friends! drinks, blops, soul calibur iv, busted out the new google tv ( which is amazing! )  laugh  kinda makes me not want to sell it now  lol good times    good times "
just one more hour of work! then i have a nice 4 day vacation  mwahaha!  wink 
ihop!!!  laugh 
\have you ever grabbed yourself and thought," its bigger than it used to be?\"" as he rubs his arm \"923c4f5da95a8277d9b7143b53369b70,anyone up for e street tonight?  wink 
venodka!!!  laugh 
 sad 
"does anyone need a new tv? i have one for sale  brand new! only opened to see how it looked  it is regularly about $800, but i am only asking for $600 since i really don't need it \\here's the site if interested \\sony google tv - 40\\",f4b0f8e9047b65716fab41ac1ec0678e,it's 3 am and i'm not tired  i am going to regret this on monday 
