60d3586b8c57283369f5adf56d49f26d
what to watch on netflix    
i love me some <propmale> <propfirst>  so much i am going to make a twitter account and stalk him  good day 
"it is pretty sad when you watch someone get brutally murdered in a movie and think with no sympathy towards the victim, \at least he didn't kill the dog\"""""
reading reviews for a 30 minute short called aftermath  i'm already scared  this is something coming from me 
cookin' 
"<propfemale>'s, on the rocks   smile "
"waiter, bring me another bottle of chilean merlot, 10 minutes of oral sex, and an ambulance, please!"
i miss last year  ):
i going to go play fallout 
going to visit <propmale>   smile 
everybody should talk to me  because i said so 
i'm happy for number 3 on solitary for winning  first female winner!
my night was ruined 
another day messed up  fucking awesome 
i hate people   smile 
"well, it seems like everyone had an amazing weekend         "
i need to clean my rat's cage  but i'm lazy    
writing a paper for sociology  about psychedelics? oh my 
working out is tough 
"in a way, i miss last year "
i really want to try this zico coconut water stuff 
"got home about 30 minutes ago  i'm going to make hemp bracelets  well, maybe tomorrow "
"i can't sleep   annoyed  i'm watching <propfirst> darko  for the second time  i'm trying to watch it with director's commentary, but it's actually annoying me "
"please don't go, i want you to stay  i'm begging you please, oh please don't leave here  i don't want you to pay for all the hurt that you feel  this world is just illusion, trying to change you "
my <propfemale> smells good   smile 
goodnight 
i can't find that damn calculator  awesome 
wants someone who i haven't met or talked to much to get to know me better 
found my old nintendo gameboy and pokemon red version  i'm one happy fellow  smile 
"i know that we're all the same, we all seek out to satisfy those thrills "
"<propfemale>, it's tight like that "
i'm thinking about buying heavy rain for ps3  any opinions on the game?
"sinuses  boy, oh boy "
"anyone, talk to me "
holy shit  go to your profile and scroll down to the bottom left corner  click on english: us  then go to english: pirate  share it with people 
hello bed 
playing pokemon on my old-ass dinosaur of a ds and watching tosh o 
http annoyed  www formspring me deathbreadstick
"every time i look out my window, the same three dogs looking back at me  every time i open my windows, the cranes fly in to terrorize me "
it's very strange how people can change so dramatically over the years 
i love metelocolypse 
clutch clutch clutch clutch  going to <propfemale>'s 
confused 
"i'm rather sad about things, and i can't do a damn thing about it "
i love <propmale>  smile 
i'm in a strangely great mood! hope it doesn't get ruined 
watching metalocolypse with my dear friend <propfemale>   smile 
"semi good mood  not sure what that means  well anyway, i'm getting my hair colored   smile "
i found the most awesome show ever on friday night with <propfemale>  it's called food party and it's on ifc  ever heard of it? it just makes my day   smile 
i'm making a souffle!
i want to learn the guitar so bad!
have'ta write a paper 'bout <propfirst> moore and his liberalness 
my tummy hurts   
put on the glove and get ready for some love!
"oh, how i do love a good arguement "
red dead redemption!
"re-realizing how sweet anti-flag is  oh, and <propfemale> did a great job on my hair   smile "
eating vegan chicken teriyaki  smile 
"blood stains, speed kills, fast cars, cheap thrills, french girls, fine wine  i've lost control, i've lost my sense, i've lost my mind!"
i don't like it when things are changed last minute 
just recently found out how damn good i am at hoola hooping 
i can't wait to see <propfirst>!  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile  smile 
"<propfirst> is cleaning my room   smile  ahhhh, i think i have a new maid!"
netflix is where it's at 
tell me a good movie or television show to watch 
"i believe i am going to have to murder the next person who says \just sayin\"" """
so i just get into a television show on netflix last night and i wake up to watch some more today and what happens? they take it off of streaming? awesome 
i'm getting back into the shit i used to like two years ago 
recently found out the squirrel nut zippers is a band name 
paper heart was one of the most awkward and boring movies i've made myself watch  has anyone else watched this?
watching weeds 
just realized how many problems people have in life 
"anyone who is online should talk to me  today is a sad and lonely night, and i can tell it is going to be a long one  i could use some help "
eating egg rolls and continuing the third season of weeds   smile 
"if i could buy groceries from central market, i think i'd be one of the healthiest people in texas "
my mom blocked my brother and i off her facebook  awesome 
"made some curried tofu \ smile "
"lately, things have not been so great "
drinking dandelion root tea    tastes like roasted almonds 
i lost the game 
going to see the last airbending tomorrow morning  i'm excited 
at sgc in <propfirst> with my brother  been playing video games all day 
feel a little down on myself   
"sometimes, i just want to punch a certain someone in the face "
"like my status and i'll write on your wall what i like, dislike, confession and first impression of you "
anyone have msn?
practicing harmonica 
i want to punch lady gaga in the vagina 
anyone want to do something tomorrow?
mad that i cut my hair short last year   annoyed  now i have to start all over again  joy   
"didn't know i met an actor  wow, i knew he looked familiar!"
what's so damn cool about shark week?
"\pure muthafucking magic  it'll blown yo fuckin mind!\"" wtf?"""
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
very jealous?
"ordered bad religion's new cd and t-shirt, and <propmale> graffin's two books in one set  i am so extremely happy "
kung pow enter the first     you never cease to crack me up to the point of tears 
my thoughts are being disturbed   annoyed 
trying to find something good to watch on netflix 
it's over 9000!
"i got a free sandwich at subway, and i'm not sure why "
the music they play at goodwill makes me laugh a little bit sometimes 
i'm in a vnv nation kinda mood 
"listening to indian music on the radio \(;"
"damn you, <propfemale> and your showing me that <propmale> video  now all that's in my head is \ale-<propmale>! ale-jandro!\"""""
"people outside of my apartment, quit yelling  i'm sick of you and your damn children "
nerrrrrrrr 
screw baseball and football  i like hockey 
been in a class for over 2 hours  nice 
haven't had a hamburger in foreeevvveeerrrr  this is so worth it 
is wondering why shania twain is stuck in my head?
going to <propfemale> man's haunted house soon? question <propfirst> because unsure <propfemale> is unsure 
"listening to music on the way to <propfemale> man's i don't normally like, and liking it  what is up with me today?"
<propmale>'s driving!  surprise 
can't wait until i get my copy of new vegas 
the piece of the baby i cut off it bled and it bled  nothing keep the baby jesus from bleeding 
fuuuuuuuuuuuu-
just got fallout new vegas and didn't get the strategy guide  do you know why? because i'm a hardass 
i want to go homeeeeeee 
"i would like to love ya, i sure would treat ya right  we could take the trash out, every thursday night "
"hey gaise, i'm not sure what happened at the game  did the rangers win?"
"going to a photo-shoot type thing with <propfirst>, teal, and <propfemale>  barracks here we come!"
my rat has a tumor and i need a vet that i can take her to that is not outrageously priced  anyone have any help they can offer me?
nauseous )-:
dislikes when people have tempers 
wants a hot dog pretty badly 
"hey, guys! let's all brush our teeth together and take a picture of it, to show how people how hygenic we are  because, you know, being hygenic is cool    and stuff "
"watching ace of cakes  \(-:"
"you took my saffron, now you gotta pay "
"my room is so cold, i just want to go lay bad down in my warm bed "
my room is so cold  i just want to lay back down in my warm bed 
"treachery their master, murder is their <propmale> "
gauging your ear from a 2 to a 0 hurts like hell 
can't wait to make <propmale>'s birthday cake!! (-: i'm such a loser 
come into my egg house at egg thirty  it's egg party at egg my house  egg egg egg egg egg egg egg  see you egg then! egg bye!
physically hurts me to know that bad religion is in my general area and i cannot see them 
"loves it when \christians\"" go against how they're suppose to act  god's very proud of you when you act like that """
made buttermilk biscuits for breakfast  they turned out perrrfffeeecccttt 
apparently we have cameras to catch illegal dumping of objects on roadsides  it makes you feel safe? i'm sure it does     :
adventure time!
fine  truth is?
is mad seriously a kid show? they said fuck like five times and had to bleep it out 
hates everything right now 
<propfirst> <propmale> <propfemale> has the perfect voice for <propmale> 
watching nightmare on elm street  for the third time 
can't rely on people  |:
homework  fun 
iiiii-i-i-i don't wanna spend the winter in this house all alone  those neighbors of mine keep comin' on over and playing with my mind 
i can't stop pooping!!
that wasn't me   
had to put my rat down  not in a good mood 
just made a lovely pumpkin pie 
"for thanksgivin' we had taters, succotash and rutabagas"
i love the boondocks 
who's going to shop black friday?
looovessss <propfirst> lillard 
reading manga  i'm cool 
i'm a zestra believer!!
hey my name is <propfemale> and <propmale> saget
exxxccciiitttteeedddd!
listening to a weird person talk to herself while i wait for a ride home  i'm a little creeped out  she just keeps having a conversation to herself 
is confused as to why everyone is putting pokemon as their profile picture 
"hmm, making roasted brussel sprouts!"
shannyn sossamon is so gorgeous  i wish i was her 
fever |:
"\they are made entirely out of meat \"""""
angry
i don't feel like changing my profile picture for a while 
"first time i made the cheesecake, it comes out nice  this time, it cracks  greeaatt "
 annoyed  bored 
gdfhjdafhjdsafhjk
"had a horrible, horrible dream    "
"if anyone wants to do something later, tell me "
"in a bad mood, have nothing to do today  awesome "
my tummy is taking very well to food today  indecision 
robot lords of tokyo! smile! taste kittens!
i hate that i have to dodge sprinklers before i can get into my apartment   annoyed 
\that's when my tired eyes beheld,\60d3586b8c57283369f5adf56d49f26d,i feel like i'm going crazy
looking at pictures of <propfemale>  makes me sad   
10001110101
"\what should i do?\""\",60d3586b8c57283369f5adf56d49f26d,lot of baking to do 
leave me alone with your damn tags that 'describe me'
not ready to do anything tomorrow 
learning about nuts 
why do people dislike movies with subtitles so much? seems like foreign movies can be some of the best 
rain rain rain rain
i  love  <propfirst> lillard 
eat bad = feel bad 
wants cake  bad 
"about to leave the house for the first time in like, a week "
loves crappy horror 
"garpard ulliel makes the act of eating another human being sexy  that's weird, isn't it?"
i'll admit  because i have nothing else to do 
you live in an unforgiving place 
hates waiting for things i ordered   
weirdest things make me happy 
ow  burnt my arm  making gilled cheese 
made some sweet ass cupcakes for <propfemale>'s birthday  c:
"\i hate how there's so many pokemon but you can't catch them all!\"" - aleigh"""
goodnight  i guess 
having a horrible day  i hope there is no school tomorrow 
who thinks we're having school tomorrow?
i want to learn french now 
do you think there will be school tomorrow?
bustin' out the gamecube 
watching machete 
low self esteem problems 
brussel sprouts  love 
what am i watching?
school tomorrow?
one day i want to copy someones status word for word and see if they notice 
making <propfemale>'s <propfemale> cream truffles  laugh 
i hate writing conclusions 
love transmetropolitan 
constantly feels inadequate 
aleugh really needs to stop with the farting  it smells really bad in here     
frizzy hair is frizzy :<
watching creepshow  i love 80's horror 
"school computers aren't blocking correctly, as you can see   smile "
i work so hard and yet have nothing to show 
<propfirst> tosh makes me laugh 
"the world is just illusion, trying to change you "
"<propfemale> grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone, <propfirst> <propmale> can be on divorce #9, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage, <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods, while married, were having sex with everyone, 53% of americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses  yet, same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage? really? re-post if you find this ironic "
i should be used to being disappointed at this point   indecision 
thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday  laugh 
waiting    waiting          
45 more minutes   
play words with friends with me? username is shikirou
tired and mildly confused about how i am feeling 
wants to camp 
amish people sicken me 
barf 
"somebody went out of the car window while his friend was driving trying to ask for my number today  strange, but flattering  heh "
<propfirst> and i are weird 
let's make history 
truth is 
aching for something to do 
officially done with ipc  woohoo!
does not want to go to sleep and then have to go to school tomorrow  this daily schedule is getting old 
dentist's soon   
feels kinda rejected  annoyed 
i need to work out 
why is my tv playing splice and all the previews in black and white?
i want banana pudding so bad right now 
"horrible day    text me, anyone, and make me feel better "
