989d72cb607b6779f0c9e3b1c2ec8cf5
happy new years! i know its a little late    lol
so much more broke than i thought =[
going out to red lobster with the gang   then movie later prob  smile 
i just turned on the game to see that awesome touchdown!
hershey park tomorrow instead of work woo!
"don't gotta work tomorrow, but i have to get up early to go bowling and to a picnic at work instead   "
"back to work tomorrow, then maybe something idk"
going to see the proposal!  smile 
thinks it will be a crappy weekend   
completely wasted a whole day off   
"just wanna skip next week all together, excited for the week after that  smile "
is it like death week or something? seriously   <propfirst> <propmale> now  
"what a sucky day, bet it's gonna be a sucky night and weekend too  can't wait for next week   "
wow    are you kidding me
i have no freaking life anymore  =[
could anything else possibly go wrong! fml
this week promises to be much much better than last week  smile 
"do not get a cobalt because when your power steering stops working they will tell you it's normal and they can't fix it, even though a lot of cobalts have the same problem  so when it stops working on you when your driving down the road and you get in an "
tomorrow is my mom's birthday! can't wait for crab feast!  smile 
"feel like i barely worked today, but still got paid for a full day haha  great week     still more to look forward too  crabs tonight 4 mom's bday!!!  smile "
got really burnt today   
"happy fourth of july! maybe shopping, then fireworks tonight and out after "
bel air fireworks aren't even worth it anymore   
ready to go on vacation now    2 more long weeks of work first ugh 
wow   what a night 
"just finished watching harper's island  i am extremely sad it is over forever, but that was the best freaking show i have ever seen in my life!!!  love "
very upset  fml!
ocean city on sunday    finally!  smile 
ocean city tomorrow morning!! haven't even started packing   
ocean city=amazing
about to go to the beach   hopefully the weather will stay nice 
in pain from sunburn stilll   
not looking forward to going home =[
sad to be home from the beach    wish i could always be this tan  dreading work tomorrow and this whole week =[
orphan was amazingggg!
i totally hate this weather 
mm pretty bummed 
soooo bored at work  idk if i can handle 2 more weeks  annoyed 
"movies tonight, have to wake up earlier than usual to take my mom to get an oil change    half a day of work  idol concert!!  and somehow fit in sytycd before the finale thursday night!!  smile "
idol tonight!!! ?
idol was amazing last night  today is not so amazing    but dance finale tonight!
estimated college book total: $680    ughh
perfect getaway and bonfire tomorrow   smile 
sigh   been bored at work since forever ago  only 3 more days after today!
last day of work tomorrow until december  yay!!!
finally done work for the summer!!! 4 more days to get stuff together for school  annoyed  i haven't even thought about it yet 
so glad i don't have to wake up at 5 something every morning now  and    i really need to start getting my college stuff together  ugh 
rock n bowl!!
<propfemale>'s party    then getting books tomorrow morning
spent over a thousand bucks today including books which were $706 = =
still has so much to pack and won't have that much time tomorrow ughh  don't wanna move back =[
very sad  have no motivation to finish packing or move in tomorrow  =[
"not all moved in, but working on it  pretty sucky day "
have to wake up at like 5:15 tomorrow to meet at 6 smile 0 for smile crew   annoyed   still not done moving in   
done helping the freshies move in  still not done unpacking myself   annoyed 
i miss home 
classes start tomorrow 
lunch then last class today until 3 smile 0  then gym probably
i hate our walls  they keep rejecting our decorations  not cool = =
"maybe some homework   then midnight showing of h2, then 9am boring class on like no sleep  woo"
not ready for week 2 of classes
"classes tomorrow, then going home til sometime saturday "
"about to go back to school  renn fest tomorrow, then off monday woo!"
no classes tomorrow  yay and   birthday on friday!
have a quiz tomorrow in every class and haven't studied for any  don't feel great either   
my birthday is tomorrow!!  smile 
i luh <propmale> quimby
it's pretty much my birthdayy!  smile ]
i am not 19    last teenage year!
i mean i am 19 lol 
had a good birthday  too bad its over =[
"brunch, then lots of homework to do   "
"well since everyone else has a status about vma's    nobody likes kanye anymore, not like i ever really did  pink could be in a circus, and that was a pretty great show  smile  classes tomorrrrow "
well    i can't trust anyone 
today is gonna suck   
i was in a good mood today    now i am not 
rain rain go away!!!
bingo tonight and then going to a haunted house place somewhere!  smile 
tonight could have been better   
"brunch, then not sure what i am doing today "
<propfirst>'s birthday   classes and a fun night ahead!
my accounting teacher is trying to convert me to be an accounting <propmale> hahaha 
"map meeting, dinner, then sytycd and glee tonight!"
<propfemale> ball tonight!  smile 
   
sucky day 
last night was fun   standing out in the rain forever lol  have to go home sometime today ugh 
"it's been a good, informative night   smile  dentist tomorrow, some hw, gotta go back to school sometime   "
<propfirst> <propfirst>    new song-live like we're dying   amazingg ?
really need to stop procrastinating and study for tomorrow  annoyed 
"tonight was fun, but somehow i am still awake   <propfemale> waking up tomorrow should be fun = ="
why are there no freaking afternoon classes next semester?! my schedule ain't gonna work out   
is going to the movies to see fame with the best friend <propfemale>!!!!!!
"haunted mill was awesome! mid-term week already, ugh  but looking forward to this weekend so much!!!  smile "
pissed at maitenance-complained 3 times and they keep saying it's fixed when it's not!
busy day ugh 
hurt my ankle =[
2 midterms today that i'm not ready for    still not feeling good 
home for the weekend! why is everyone sickk?!
<propfirst>'s woods tonight with the gang!!!!! yay  smile 
teachers piss me off 
not feeling class today  
it better not rain saturday    actually it can just stop now  k thanks 
"haunted \hallway\"" and scary movie later?"""
not going anymore    comedian tonight instead 
comedian was awesome! yeahh   going to a concert tomorrow now
it's snowing   and there is snow on cars! reallly   its october
great night! <propfemale> concert was amazing!!!! not getting much sleep    annoyed 
"map meeting, dinner, sytycd, glee, maybe dh and homework  woo"
being sick all the time sucks 
don't like what facebook has done   
"going to see the new school for the first time, and then saw 6 tonight i think  smile "
saw 6    wow
today has pretty much sucked 
need to stop stalling myself from studying   
"teacher didn't show up to class today, and no 9am tomorrow  smile "
not happy with my schedule  bingo tonight! i plan on winning something  smile 
happy halloween!
"last night was fun, can't believe it's november already!!!"
annoyed  again   
"finally finalized my schedule  not completely happy with it, but oh well "
i hate how its totally dark already    and today was so pointless
well that test went horribily    ready for this week to be over
"my awesome headphones broke  sad  , idk if you can buy them seperately since they are hp and came with the computer   "
"classes, then going home  smile "
r i p  <propfemale>  crying 
viewing then back to school to do homework  <propfemale> tired
for your entertainment by <propfirst> lambert = love ?
loved the play! looking forward to seeing it again  also looking forward to tomorrow   tickets and stuff   smile 
this just turned into the worse day ever 
"inductions, then tons of hw  last full week before break though!"
 love  lady gaga's new cd! still need to buy tickets!
? i don't know what i would do without music ?
"map meeting, dinner, play, hw "
new <propfemale> was amazing! ?
excited for the american music awards tonight  smile  and screwed for accounting tomorrow 
two more days   
today was pointless  going home   
happy thanksgiving!
seeing new <propfemale>  again  smile 
if i can't even stand to live here for a few days how am i going to over xmas break?! ugh   
back to school tomorrow   and still haven't started my paper  annoyed 
is it really december already???
"dinner, map, bingo! still haven't gotten that far on my paper   sigh"
i've got such much to do before finals! ugh   wish i was going with <propfirst> tonight =[
mmm wow  lol
the only good thing about snow is that it's pretty 
still not done my paper   and haven't even started studying for my two hardest finals tomorrow  i hate the end of the semester!
i'm not going to make it through today 
"two down, 2 more and my paper to go!"
<propfirst> is alive!!!  smile 
can't believe this semester is over!!! and only 16 more days til christmas   really?
i also received my lady gaga tickets today!!!!!  smile ]]]
going home tomorrow! i'm sad that this semester is over =[
home for 5 weeks  start work on monday   ew  annoyed 
very upset with my english teacher  hatee him!
hello 5:40 am for the next month! =[
christmas is next week! wtf  need to go shopping and stuff!
"so   i used to love snow, then i didn't mind it, but now its just a pain in the ass! thank god its friday though "
10-20 inches of snow  seriously? i rather not be snowed in when i could actually go out this weekend and do things i need to before xmas 
bored at work    need to finish up shopping and wrap later
such a long day    need to do some wrapping and shopping tonight 
got a new phone last night! and just wanting this long day at work to go by fast so i can have a 4 day weekend!
"<propfemale> christmas <propfemale>! so tired and so much to do  getting hair done in morning, then nanny's, then cleaning, wrapping  ahh"
christmas is tomorrow   wow
<propfemale> christmas!!!
i  love  you all lol  and its 4am   and i have to work tomorrow   fml 
this smell of fresh paint is starting to get to me    and i'm being kicked out of my desk soon  why did i come in today?
now i have to go back to verizon after work    since my brand new phone aint working  = =
what is wrong with facebook today    work tomorroww ugh 
doing absolutey nothing at work again    really getting sick of this  is it new years <propfemale> yet?
excited for tonight!! last day of 2009   wow
happy new year's in like 4 hours!!
ravens!!
kinda down lately    but last week of work tomorrow at least  annoyed 
sigh    life sucks
i need a nap!!
why the hell is it snowing    
only two more days of work   
don't feel like working   and it's supposed to snow tomorrow again! stop it!
black and pink stripes
stupid snow    last day of work tomorrow  yay!
seeing leap year  smile 
rock n bowl tonight  laugh 
watching the game    ravens are doing awesome!
woo ravens! new york tomorrow!
new york tomorrow! won't be back til like 2am 
idol is back!!!
"not happy  had to get another new phone cuz my other had issues  now i can't get the settings right  and grand total for books for the year = $1,260"
noooo!!!! gaga concert was cancelled!!!!  crying 
gonna be pretty down for a while now  thanks a lot gaga  and back to school soon  sad 
watching the game with the gang! go ravens!!
tomorrow is gonna suck badly   sad 
"packing, store, and back to school  sad "
heading back to stevenson 
back at school   it's gonna take me forever to unpack! and classes tomorrow  eww 
this is going to be a long semester   
first days of classes over  blah 
daughtry is coming to baltimore march 18th!!!!!!!!!!
"don't even understand what my homework is, so how am i supposed to do it lol"
what is with this crazy weather?
"is there really 5 verisons of \pants on the ground\"" on itunes already? lmao"""
it's going to be a boring weekend 
"all this snow is pretty, until i have to go out into it "
the first hour of the grammy's was the best  been downhill since then     didn't do like any of my hw either  great 
don't feel like doing anything  blah
yay for no classes today!!!
omg no school tomorrow? already announced?! woooo
bored   being snowed in sucks  sad 
third day straight of missing 3 of my classes haha 
my computer is broken!!!
no school until next week! but still stressing out because of hw 
first day back after a long break :[
this day just needs to be over    
 smile 
is a bit crazy  actually a lot crazy  oh and also is owned by this computer!
so much hw that i haven't even started   
"today, tomorrow, and thursday are gonna be hell "
bad day     ready for spring break 
really    can anything else go wrong?
theres a point where you can't possibily go any lower    so hopefully the only way is up 
i can't believe we have no waterrrr!!!!!!!! really?! fix it 
sick  sad 
"classes, packing, going home  spring break finally!"
why is it after 4 already? stupid time change 
good day and idol tonight  smile 
watching daughtry live just made my night!  smile 
why are lady gaga ticket so hard to get? not fair 
just spent wayyy to much money at the mall  annoyed  homework time 
back at school  finally unpacked    need to start hw
"classes, lunch, project"
finally got lady gaga tickets for july 4th in atlantic city!!! hopefully we get to actually go this time!!!  laugh 
"bad day, except gaga tickets  going home tomorrow after classes   "
decided im declaring a minor  mr  and ms  su tonight  smile 
going home tomorrow for easter break!  smile 
home til sunday
happy easter!!
back to school and bored 
outside in the apartment quad sunning   
"good day, good day "
have never been this frustrated with making a schedule  good <propmale> the classes i need to take are going to fill up before 12 tomorrow too  great 
"<propfemale>, steph, and <propmale> are coming tomorrow!  smile "
ready for it to be summer 
<propfirst> on idol and glee tonight!!!
"long day  classes, going home, map meeting, idol and lots of studying!"
just want today to be over so bad 
why is this school so stupid?
"sex signals tonight, then idk "
"been a really rough day, and it is not over "
today is such an awesome day! got <propfirst> lambert tickets and i don't have to take the law final! win!  laugh 
haven't even started studying for my accounting test in 2 hours! sigh  
6 more days of classes! then finals  annoyed 
classes then farm until saturday!
<propfemale>   my final that was supposed to be next friday is now the 14th     so guess i'm not moving out on thursday
"overall, it has been an awesome weekend  smile  can not wait for summer!"
sick and so out of it   sad 
last day of classes!!!
already sick of studying and haven't even had a final yet! 4 more days til summer!  smile 
it's going to be a long day     
i can't believe this  today has been the unluckiest day in the world!!!!!!!
"what a long day     last final, moved out, came back to school to go to my first o's game  fireworks were awesome  smile  it is finally summer, but it hasn't hit me yet "
yay for all a's and accepting new job today  smile 
dorney park was fun!  smile      minus the rain and stuff  rough night though 
back to work in the morning  going to get sick of waking up before 6 everyday realllll quick 
"could not last here the whole summer, thank god i don't have to stay!"
glee was amazing!!!! gaga = love ?
thank god it's friday and monday is a holiday  smile 
"one week til <propfirst> concert! and get off an hour early today, woo!  smile "
it has been a good weekend!  smile  and no work tomorrow yay
3 day week because <propfirst> is friday!!  smile 
"not going to work tomorrow  <propfirst> lambert, <propfemale> iraheta, and orianthi concert!!!!!!!!  smile "
movie awards then another boring week of work  :[
not a good day 
drive-in tonight  first time ever lol
i just don't know 
i have sooo many mosquito bites on my feet  sad 
4 more days of work til vacation!  smile 
last day before oc!!!!
shopping and packing for oc tomorrow!!!  smile  one week of work left when i return until i start my new job!
still haven't started packing for oc  leaving this evening!  smile 
on the beach!  smile 
still at oc til saturday morning  smile 
back from the ocean  sad 
back to work tomorrow   but last week! and gaga on sunday!!!
it's going to be a long day   
i  love  <propfirst> wong! he will win  smile 
"last day ever at work! crabs tomorrow, atlantic city and lady gaga on sunday!!!"
atlantic city in the morning!!! gaga tomorrow night! be back tuesday     smile  happy 4th of july!
last night was one of the best nights of my life  less than 5 feet away from lady gaga!!!
starting new job tomorrow morning   
blah   
going to see twilight finally!!
today's much better 
what a mess!
exhausted 
inception was awesome!
today's been pretty sucky 
so   today really sucked  tomorrow probably will too   
so thankful that i have computer access   
loveee <propfemale> <propfirst>'s new song- teenage dream!
"was actually looking forward to it being friday, but it turns out to be just another stupid day "
another long week of work   sad 
i hate my job so much  <propfemale> ready to go back to school 
"bowling tonight, then one more day til the weekend!"
yay <propfirst>!
sigh   
just watched the top 10 california girls parodies     wow 
only one more week of work this summer!!
stupid school  only had 4 out of 6 of my books   and the 4 cost $620    why do my books always cost so much?!
sooooo tired  sad 
what a lovely morning     i hate rain!
aww they had a surprise party for me at work because i'm leaving! there was panera bagels and all this food!  smile  my other job didn't even care that i was leaving after 3 years 
just realized it's friday the 13th lol  last day of work!!! woo  smile 
out to celebrate no more work for a while! lol
why is stevenson so stupid they can't even give people the right rooms     oh well  shopping then out to dinner i think 
going through my college stuff  this is going to take all day    
not getting enough sleep  <propmale>'s dominion tomorrow!  smile 
rihanna and <propfemale> concert tonight!!
rihanna was awesome! <propfirst> again next week and that's all for the summer  sad 
packing and more packing  moving in tomorrow  smile 
still not done packing  going to bed soon and waking up early to finish and move in!
is finally like 99% moved in  thank god 
not ready for classes tomorrow :[
done for the day  smile 
classes til 430   
"it's been a rough day   lost my id card, but it is now found "
last night was amazinggg!!! <propfirst> lambert is my  love   smile 
going to umbc!!! then lots of hw tonight  sad 
just got my last two books finally  grand book total = $732 sigh
oh boy 
whoever lives above me has a death wish  seriously 
just got my cartilage pierced!! woo  it hurt though  sad 
have a 4 <propfemale> paper to write tonight  great    
"class all day, then green turtle for the first time  smile "
going home    last day of being a teenager  smile 
it's my birthdayy!!  smile 
lady gaga won 8 awards!!
it's twloha day 
o's game tonight  smile 
being loved by jazmyn <propmale>  love 
had a lovely time with <propfirst> valle tonight  smile  going home tomorrow 
been so bad with procrastinating lately 
the stink bugs are invading    
dorney park tonight!  smile  class now   at least it's friday 
gonna be a long week   
glee was amazing! and so was dinner  smile 
needs to invest in rainboots  don't want to walk to class   
yay october!!
yesss got 100% on my test   smile 
accomplished nothing at all this weekend   how is it over already?
"one test down, one to go "
i like it on the floor 
this school is so stupid  why are u gonna have less classes when you get more students   and make them all at the same times so you can't take them all  sigh  
going home
haven't had a break all weekend    and now have to write a paper tonight   sad 
finally done my midterm  tgif!
tonight was fun    and cold  doing it again tomorrow  smile 
sooo pissed off at people in this building  like really   
case 39 was <propfemale> creepy  the little children freak me out 
<propfemale>    won a raffle today!!!! this never happens  good day   smile 
haunted house  smile 
so   the 2 available sections for my class that i need have already filled up   and ten people are on the waitlist  way to go stevenson   once again 
got the second to last spot in one class and am 8th on a waitlist for another  annoyed 
saw 3d tonight!!
parrrtay tonight! time to start on the costume
wow  what a night   
had lobster for the first time tonight and loved it! thanks rockland  smile 
blah   
emas were amazing ?
really annoyed with the stupid guys who live above me 
"test, class, sushi  smile  then home "
bingo  smile 
sigh   
so overwhelmed  too much to do this week
i give up 
spent literally all day doing homework  still have like 3 or 4 papers to write over break   
horrible day already   
home for break    which wont be much of a break since i have so much hw to do :[
happy thanksgiving!! time to find some christmas music   
didn't accomplish what i wanted to today    but got to watch people run into poles and trees for a while haha
need to stop hurting myself
<propfemale> glad today is over 
nothing worse than wind and hurricane like winds  and your teacher not telling you class is cancelled so you get all drenched for nothing  thanks 
"just thought of my idea for the final paper and wrote the whole thing today, along with accomplishing other stuff  yay"
freaking out 
going to fail this final for sure 
"done classes, but still a lot to do before my last 2 finals  sad "
discovered the magic of puffy paint today  smile 
last night was fun  time to do hw and study :[
woah new facebook  
2 finals tomorrow    important finals  sad 
done for the semester!!!!  smile 
awesome day!!!!  smile 
"it would snow today, of all days    ugh"
home for break  time to party plan    and work ew 
highest final grade out of the whole class for finance  smile 
hello 5:45am everyday  i did not miss you 
the snow needs to stop     wait until we get back to school
just did all my christmas cards at work    and now have glitter and marker all over me lol
yay 4 0  smile 
lots to do before the party tonight!!
long day   but accomplished quite a bit 
"panera for dinner last night, and bagel from them for breakfast and now lunch lol  gotta break this streak "
"you have got to be kidding me    i thought the <propfirst> bieber doll and christmas stocking were strange, but trading cards?! how would that even work    trade one of his faces for another? no "
soooo tired  i just want to go homee ugh lol
wth   i never got the email that was sent out to the whole organization this morning that we get a 2 hr early release today  at least i found out before 2   lol yay
<propfemale> christmas!!!
i want to buy a wii just so i can get just dance 2 
ugh   
hoping to get off work early today   
shopping i think    and then new year's party!!  smile 
probably going to red lobster tonight as well as tomorrow lol   happy 21st birthday <propfemale> oswald!
ummm was i the only one who didn't know that <propfemale> on glee was one of beyonce's backup dancers?! no wonder shes so good 
i want my bed :[
sigh reallly    didn't even get paid for the past two weeks  it's always something 
today was lots of fun!!  smile 
ravens!
the people at work are talking about eating squirrels and rabbits  sad 
need to stop listening to <propfemale>'s song on repeat   
bought a black wii today    and my books 
harford county got the most snow    4 5 inches    soooo not going to work 
it's gonna be one of those days    i can already tell  sigh   just 2 more days
"gosh i'm so confused about this zodiac sign change   i didn't know there was two types of zodiac and one stayed the same    <propfemale> idk what to believe  i'm always gonna consider myself a virgo, but maybe i'll look at <propfirst> too now  ugh "
come on ravens!!!!!!!
just spent about 6 hours at the hospital  mom still there    not sure if i'm moving in tomorrow anymore
sigh   
finally done unpacking  sushi time
realllly hoping we have off tomorrow  i'm not ready to go back yet  sad 
"well at least i didn't have 2 classes, still have one at 3 "
neeeed <propfemale> <propfirst> tickets for june 15th!
this could be another hard semester   
 smile 
well i would have to say it's been an exciting day    especially with the water pouring from the ceiling and all 
"class, class, and more class   "
one class cancelled tomorrow   hoping the other will be
whattt stevenson's closed?! yayyy no class today!
do not foresee any hw being accomplished in the near future   
sooo we better at least get a delay    that's all i'm saying 
yay for 5 day weekend  smile 
offically hate <propfirst> valle for getting free gaga tickets! jealous   
have a new favorite show    minute to win it 
sigh   what a day already
waking up at 4 to go to new york    too early!
spiderman was amazzzing! and just got seat upgrades for american idiot! woo
<propfemale> excited for gaga's song tomorrow  smile  and trying to get rihanna tickets!
failed at getting rihanna presale    but gaga's song made my day  smile 
nvm   got rihanna tickets  smile 
grammy's were sooo boring   besides gaga and a couple others of course  but still   come on
too much hw and tests this week  sad 
"not sure how i made it through this week or how it's thursday already, but i'm so glad  one more class til weekend  smile "
opened my window for the first time since i came back   and found a dried up stink bug  lovely 
what a horrible week  sad 
"umm   going to see gaga next weekend!!! that was <propfemale> sudden, but now i'm happy  smile "
i'm not going to be able to wake up if we don't get a delay    <propfemale> we better 
lady gaga tonight!!!!!!  smile 
should probably start studying for my midterm tomorrow    but i'm so tired  sad 
umm it looks like a tornado is about to touch down or something out there    
cyclops and cookies  smile 
it's snowing   
not getting like any sleep tonight   
guess i'm not going home tonight   
ahhh <propfemale>'s cd leaked!! so much for hw   lol
glee was amazing!!!
trying to figure out classes sucks  why must they alwayss be at the same time?
life as we know it was such a great movie  back to school tomorrow :[
oh yeah today is free ritas!
"test tomorrow and thursday    could really use a nap, but i have class  sad "
blueberry 
idol was <propfemale> amazing tonight! best show yet! study timee  
earth science or astronomy   i need help lol
tired    class and then writing a paper i guess  annoyed 
"i'm on the right track baby, i was born to be lame! woo "
being proposed to with a flash mob would be pretty awesome    not gonna lie 
couldn't be happier right now!  smile 
getting free noodles and going shopping   hopefully my mood will improve 
