8d93262422ccf7de4636a13c583ba558
can't even e playful lain how happy she is that it's friday  smile 
did anyone see the hangover?  i had to leave early and really want to know how it ended???
thinks her head will e playful lode if she writes one more paper  surprise 
is sad because she didnt get a nap and is exhausted  sad  but happy that she is going to comedy factory  smile 
so relived that the summer class is over
had a relaxing day today  smile 
ready for some r&r
is going to attempt to cook tonite    wish me luck
wants to go see funny people tonite  smile 
wants to do something fun today!!!!!
by the pool!
still feels crappy  sad 
doesn't understand how she can be so accident prone 
is at home with a bum leg   come visit and sign my pink cast  smile 
is so relieved she does not have to have pins in her foot!  only three more weeks in a cast!!  smile  gracias a dios!
has discovered shopping online + too much time on your hands = an e playful ensive combination
"just got home from looney's, pretty tired, but trying to stay up for someone to get off work  smile "
is in a great mood today  smile    looks like i just needed a night out
is getting a much needed night out of the house tonite  smile  gracias a dios!
finally got her cast off  smile 
is in a great mood    and hopes to get to hold her beautiful baby goddaughter <propfemale> <propfemale> sienkielewski today  smile 
has a random craving for thai!
this crappy weather makes me want to go back home and curl up under my blankets all day  sad 
is tired from a long weekend   hangin out around the house
loves this weather
"is exhausted, but i just saw paranormal activity, not sure i'll be able to sleep  surprise "
is in a great mood today!!!!!!!!   smile 
is very energetic today!  the doc says i don't need to wear my cast shoe anymore! wahooo  smile   off to pilates       
exhausted from a long weeknd   goin to bed early tonite!
feels horrible   trying to get plenty of rest today to feel better by tomrw!!!
ahh it's snowingg!
is really missing costa rica's warm weather     its soooooo cold today!
is sooooooooo glad its saturday!!!
"travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts  broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime  -<propfirst> twain"
is going to attempt to study for her rl final and really hope i don't get distracted!
whoo
is trying to study for her real estate test   but its soooooooooo much information to learn  fml man  surprise 
is relaxing after a great christmas break 
"i love having monday's off, i get sooooo much done  smile "
seriously   where does the time go?  i can't figure out how it's already the first week into the new year! wow
hates filling out fasfa applications  sad 
feels like crap  sad 
is so confused   why can't things ever be black and white?
magerk's tonite! whos commin?
really can't believe the nerve of people
on my bedroom floor
snowed in at angie-poo's!!  we just got the power back!! hope we dont' lose it again!!!!!!!!!!!
snowed in at a lacy's hiz-house
i am sooo bad with technology!!     trying to figure out how to work this ipod
i have officially had too much time on my hands
finishing some homework in the library
"ughhh i hate, hate hateee writing papers!"
"   sick  sad   watching law abiding citizen, then maybe hw"
"needs to start her paper that is due tmrw, but just can't get motivated!"
is in such a good mood today  its gawgeous  i love this weather  smile 
happy saint <propfemale>'s day everyone!  white marsh after work for dinner with my <propfemale>!  then back downtown to get my <propfemale> pride on  smile 
i will be in atlanta this time tommorow! ahh can't wait  smile 
"thanks for all the bday wishes everyone!  smile  headed to the airport to come back home, wish me luck     i lost my id last night, so i hope they let me through security!  sad )"
it is so gorgeous out today i love it!  happy easter to all!
ugh   when does the homework ever stop!  someone needs to a create a school that is homework free  smile 
off to ethics class                   
"dinner at la tolteca with <propmale> then probably off to bed, need my rest after the lack of sleep i got last night!  good times though    "
"ugh, i have no <propfemale> for stupidity!"
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca, 14,000 in ny & 17,000 in il  nj & florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste    this to your status"
so many decisions to make   so little time
"having the shingles sucks  sad     been inside the house all weekend, starting to go a little stir crazy"
"long day at work, so glad its over!  headed to pilates   already soar from last nights pilates marathon so we shall see how tonite goes!"
i'm not even going to dignify that with a response
just had a great dinner at the lodge with the bro-ski and leah   and just realized that she kind of loves the lodge
flyin home from <propmale>    hope the weather is better in baltimore
captain crunch french toast is possibly the best breakfast food invented  smile 
"apparently <propfemale> in spanish is spelled 'geder\ haha"""
"finally up to date with technology, i  have internet on my phone!"
so glad to have the rest of the day off   going to study by the pool  smile 
ocean city here i come  smile 
"gettin my hair did, it needed it bad! off to pilates after this  then going to study study study  sad "
ugh i hate being sick  sad 
just got service back   headed home from a great fourth of july weekend
hightops
"another day, another dolla    "
"sooo tired, ready for bed after a long day  smile "
"rest in peace <propfemale> macleod flannery, i love you grandma "
"going out on the boat all day, couldn't ask for a better day for it"
"up and about, so much to get done today and, as always, not enough hours in the day"
cannot wait for oceanaire tonite  smile 
"bye bye roots! gettin my hair did, then idk   what's going on for the game tonite?"
"is trying to stay awake through the most boring orientation ever, i just don't get how this can stretch out for an hour and a half"
whats goin on for the game tonite??
can't wait for the game tonite!! just got tickets  smile 
omg i don't know how people pass a&p    
who wants to save on there auto insurance??
is anybody trying to get rid of a recorded?
eastern shore pasta @ desantis = amazingly delicious  glad we went out for dinner instead of tryin to cook at home  smile 
"ugh i'm so frustrated, why do i seem to be having the worst luck with cars lately?? anybody know someone that fixes the little cracks in wind sheilds for cheap?"
"wow a year goes by quickly    happy birthday <propfemale>, me beautiful goddaughter is one today"
"i love this weather, wish it would stay like this! having lunch with <propfemale> @ italian sensations and def going to sit outside"
"physical therapy, i hope my back starts to feel better soon !!"
goiing to my favorite brothers birthday dinner  my oh my is seaniepoo getting old 
hello beach  smile  hav ing a cocktail then headed to soak up some sun
life is full of surprises
at school for a review of all the muscles and bones in the human body   seriously? wth   wish me luck
"gosh how i love miss <propfirst>'s, doesn't matter how long the wait is, its always worth it"
is so ready to curl with a good movie and glass of wine   
you know your getting old when your ready for bed at ten on a saturday
the rioters out front are starting to come up with some catchy tunes   i almost jumped in line with them today and started protesting   
reaallyy??
will be cutting an eyeball open within five minutes    mmm how apetizing before lunch
all i want for christmas is youuu !  smile 
this exam only determines my future career   no pressure
"ugh, i extremely dislike the mva   this is the last time i am going to lose my license at a bar   mark my words!"
<propfemale> christmas to me   just found out i don't have to work tomorrow   hello dollar beer night  smile 
at least i'm not the only one in bel air that lost their id on new years <propfemale>
let's go raveennnnsss! we got this today  smile 
omg ravens if you do not get this together i am goin g to have a bf
friday cannot come soon enough    can't wait for this week to be over!
"it's like a light switch, as soon as school starts the stress begins! i swear i think its just even the thought of studying for hours that stresses me out more than actually doing it!!"
needs to find some inner peace after spending 5 hours studying for a test and then can't take it because she gets stuck in traffic this morning on 95! ughhhh
"ok so bootcamp then salsa, then another round of studying before the exam tmrw morning that i have to get an a on! hopefully i can fit some time in for sleep  smile "
"this is an epic moment   i am up and functioning at 630am, what's scarier is that i have been up and functioning since 530 (thanks to the motivation of <propfirst>)"
me <propfemale> hungryyyyyyy
nationwide sales training all day  sad 
"just finished the errands for the day, headed back to justins house to make some dinner and watch a movie   so glad we finally have a day to relax  smile "
"everyone come out to the tower, its ten dollars to get it, and it goes to a grat causee"
"ugh   glad i had a fun weekend bc i have another two weeks comming up where i have to seclude myself from the world and study!! two quizes tomorrow, online quiz thursday, and exam next tuesday"
"it is sooo nice out today!! i am so bummed i am stuck inside, perfect night for a cookoutt"
we always think it will never happen to us    
"thanks for the bday wishes everyone!! appreciate the love!\come out to talara tonite for drinks to celebrate my bday  smile "
