cfc5359ca90707eea3f01a43ebebc2a0
disapointed in some people     annoyed by others     bout to kill some too     wishing she would believe us     but she don't     
       idk what to say     life suckz     
ahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why cant you freakn see what he's doing??????????
bout to go to bed    have to wake up early    and my heart is hurting        
hah!!!! my heart hurtz cuz i feel like its breakin      anywayz nite    
bored as hell                
bored         
chillen wit andii
chillen with andii    hehe    im tired   
life is so confusing    god i just want to give up but i cant because everytime i think of you i push myself harder to stay alive
lalalalalala <propmale>'s world!!!! <propmale> loves his goldfish    his crayon too!!! thts <propmale>s world!!!
love is patient love is kind love is a killer but so divine
god your so perfect and guess what!!! im in love with you
lalalalalala in love with me man
im in love with me boyfriend!!!
i misses me man!!!!!
today was one of the best days of my life!!! im falling even more in love with <propfirst> bowser  with each breathe i take!!!
why am i so in love with you!!!
"baby just breathe, there's nowhere else i rather be    bon jovi- make a memory"
i misses me <propmale> bear        crying 
things seem to confuse me more and more each day
grrrr    stupid people 
me mommy is making me chicken nuggets!!!! yummyy!
i think it might be nap time!!!
"if you dont know what you should say, if you dont say whats on your mind, baby just breathe theres nowhere else tonight we should be, you wanna make a memory? -bon jovi"
i love spongebob!!!
"i love me fatty so much even though she loves to punch me in the face and say \prepare yourself!!!\"""""
omg    i just wrote an eleven paged note to <propfirst> bowser!!!!
best b-day ever!!  laugh 
damn cat is in my bedd
grrrrrrrrrrrrrr                  
grrrrrrrrrr bored!!!! txt the cell 681-9761
it's not enough to say i'm sorry maybe i'm to blame or maybe we're the same either way  i can't breathe  all i had to do is say goodbye    -secondhand serenade
one smile hides a thousand tears   
"suppose that i was wrong, suppose you were here, and suppose that i reached out and caught your tears, and suppose this fight just disappeared  in my eyes i'm screaming for a sight of you  and tonight i'm dreaming of all the things we've been through  and i can't hold on to you        -suppose secondhand serenade"
you know what    i'm tired of all these stupid ass bitches and their drama    so you know what    fuck you!!! when you decide to get the bug out of your ass then maybe we'll talk!! duces asswholes!!!
so let the rain poor down and drown all my fears so i may <propfemale> on    
it's dark outside and there's a voice calling out to me to surrender   but i won't back down   instead i keep pushing forward
some people are freaking asswholes and deserve to die   
lol never mind
life continues to fly past and yet i don't seem to be getting anywhere  
just don't know anymore
"we don't cut ourselves with razors or slivers of glass, but with the broken pieces of our hearts   "
"feel my pain, here my screams, and watch me fade   "
somewhere we went wrong  
suppose we were happy   suppose it was true   and suppose there were cold nights but we made it through   and suppose that i'm nothing without you   -secondhand serenade
happy easter peoples!!! lol  don't feel like it's easter 
blahhhhhh            so freaking bored
wtf? why cant people just shut there stupid traps and get over them selves??
what do you want from me!?!?!?!?
going camping with the family!!! oh joy this should be fun!
its hard to love someone when they don't fully understand just how much they're hurting you   
im such a fuck up i dont even know what i did wrong 
officially done with your lies   talk to me when your not such a freaking liar 
life seems to be slipping away    wish it would slow down    then maybe i'd be able to understand it   
drama drama drama  sick and tired of it all  done talking to some people 
"all the lies you've told me  you disgust me now  after everything i've done for you, you treat me like this  i did absolutly nothing wrong and now your pulling this stunt  im done  your just like her   a hypercric goodbye  talk to me when you've grown up "
life is so complicated! grr! nothing left to do but pick up the pieces and move on
he looked in my eyes and said  theres still life in there  i can see it  theres not much but its there 
you know how people say life has its dull moments? well    i think they're lying! cause so far there hasn't been a dull moment in my life! hahaha!
"call me sweetie again and i swear, i i'll punch your face in!!! hahahahaha!!!"
"call me sweetie again and i swear, i'll punch your face in!!!! hahahahaha!!!"
come tho fairest gentlemen and present me with a kiss! hahaha! i bored!
the toothfairy is hilarious!!!
by day and day  by night and night  i never seem to get things quite right  its seems no matter how hard i try  i always end up wanting to cry  lol  i'm weird!
if you don't like who i am then shut the fuck up and leave me alone  end of discussion  goodbye 
dude  i love spongebob!!!!
had a blast at <propfirst>'s today!!!!
at the store pretending to be a cow girl! hahaha! i'm riding a unicorn!
omg  i just woke up!!! this is the latest i've slept in all year!!
"i speak such mockery of what is so dear to me  why do i do this? what can it mean? loves sweet poison is filling my mind and hatreds sweet perfection is wrapping thine  for, i am not right and may never be  but only if you could see what i can see "
going to the library with <propfirst>! hahaha! yea! we're going to get disney movies!
watching a lil two year old baby eat ketchup is very entertaining! hahaha!
<propmale> knows where you live!
at kelso's! party!
hey everybody! kelso and <propfirst> are engaged! hahaha!
"forever  what is forever exactly? is it today or is it tomorrow? we may have theories of what it is  but what is it for real  not what we believe it to be  we may never know, but we will always ponder about this word "
just got done shopping! lol! now i'm eating a slushy! yummers!
"even though i'm the sacrifice, you won't try for me, not now  though i'd die to know you love me, i'm all alone  isn't someone missing me? please, please forgive me, but i won't be home again  i know what you do to yourself, i breathe deep and cry out, \isn't something missing? isn't someone missing me?\"" -evanescence"""
penguins go quack!!!
"as time goes on i've realized the pain has begun to fade away  its all thanks to him, and for that i will always love him "
i hate opening my eyes each morning    sometimes i wish i could just sleep forever   sometimes i feel my dreams are so much better than reality 
"laying there next to you,\wondering if you’re awake, too \i turn around to see you are,\i look in your eyes, they seem so far \you kiss my lips i breathe you in,\on top of you like i was back then \we switch positions, bodies intertwine,\i understand i love you now i’m yours and your mine \-<propfemale> lemons"
just got home from swimming with <propfirst> and his family! had a blast!! exhausted now though!! thinking bout a nap!
kind of upset now  thinking about going to bed    sad 
it's 1:25am and for some reason i just can't get you out of my head 
chillen at andii's!!! party tonight!!! hahaha!!
going to indiana beach tomorrow!!
a flower quickly blossoms and grows up strong  but even more quickly it wilts when its torn 
<propfirst>'s grumpy!!! lol 
got my hair cut today!!! it's shorter now 
as stars begin to fade and the sun begins to rise i long even more to be by your side 
<propfirst> <propfirst> bowser snores!!!!!! hahahaha!!!
"\don't bite it \"" <propfirst> and <propfirst>  you both crack me up """
got a new phone!!! yay!!!
not quite sure why but i just want to curl up into a ball and cry 
he's my guardian angel sent to help me through the dark shadows of my past 
i'm on dezzi's profile!!!! ha ha   smile  -andii
kind of upset   sad  think i'm just going to go to bed or something 
"'\your a nerd \"" \""i know  but i'm a cool nerd!!!\"" laughter  \""no  you're just a nerd \"" \""what?\"" love you dom and <propfirst>!!"""
"\to the world you may be just another pretty face  but to me you are so much more  you are the light and hope that has bribed me to live  and the love that has willed me to be stronger \"" dedicated to <propfirst> <propfirst> bowser!  smile """
chillen in the jacuzee with my two favorite sisters!
tired!!!!!!!!!!
why am i so good at pissing off the people i care the most about? i'm sorry i really am  even though i have absolutely no idea what i said to upset you  i'm sorry  if i could i'd take it all back
spongebob and icecream make everything seem better!!!  smile 
never knew i could feel like this it's like i've never seen the sky before want to vanish inside your kiss everyday i'm loving you more and more listen to my heart can you hear it sing come back to me and forgive everything seasons may change winter to spring but i love you until the end of time             moulin rouge
dinosaur ninja attack!!!\\n
"sleepy, sleepy, sleepy!!!"
on my way to school! eating some fruity pebbles!  smile  yumm!\\n david's girl!
today has been such a good day!!  smile 
"when i see your face  there's not a thing that i would change, because you're amazing just the way you are  and when you smile the whole world stops and stares for awhile cause you're amazing just the way you are             -<propmale> mars- just the way you are"
smile!!! cause someone in this world love you!!!  smile 
oh my gosh!!! i'm so freaking happy!!! he got me a ring!!! ahhhhhh!!! <propfirst> <propfirst> bowser i love you!!!!!  smile 
oh my god!!! the new scooby-doo is so freaking messed up!!!
i like it on the kitchen counter!\\n
i'm on your profile again hoe!!! i love you desi  wink  -<propfirst>
"i want to look into your eyes and forget about the past, present, and future "
"do me a favor and go vote for ironsides to play with htd on 12 18  go to kulture entertainment and scroll way down to the status asking who should open the show and put \ironsides\"" thanks everyone!  smile """
bored  tired  cold  and lonely  this day officially sucks 
today was a good day   smile  got to see my teddybear!!
"please copy and paste this onto your status if\you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a\punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the\lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a\punch in the face, apart from a punch in the    face \             93% of people wont repost this  why?    because they probably need a\punch in the face   "
