08e9104f9e53703acf34fc157cb88316
has lost his phone  please use facebook to contact me  thanks 
   up early and about to set out  also: first official status update in months   playful 
is not feeling well 
has mysteriously recovered thanks to tlc from friends  lol 
is so psyched despite the mountain of work i still have to do   playful 
"is so frustrated!!! frackin' apple won't let me download one picture off it's frackin' stupid piece of donkey droppings ipod touch without it's frackin' brand name app!!! so   when i fork over stupid the app , what happens? stupid mozilla won't let me do it!!! god i hate you apple and your terrible products!!! that's why you get pirated and hacked all the frackin' time  gah!!! > sad "
took some time to relax  sigh  its' not about the ipod being stupid  its about me not getting what i want when i want it  phew  calm now   playful 
"suddenly felt bummed  he feel that, in his own longing to live a unique life and adapt uniquely to all of life's ups and valleys, he created his own reality of isolation  its not so much a physical or social isolation, but more like   emotional  can i really relate to anybody outside of video games, anime, sci-fi, and the internet?  annoyed "
"okay, emo time over! just finished my presentation! yay!  playful "
"wishes he could be a student forever, poverty and all  off we go  thought of the day: if only you could see how much i've grown, javs "
"wow, midterms  you suck  you made me fall unconscious   lol  so anybody else just wake up suddenly in mid text to one of your closest friends? raise hand for \aye\""   \",08e9104f9e53703acf34fc157cb88316,"is psyched about his halloween costume assembly  'tis awesome, it is   laugh "
little tokyo ii: the return to little tokyo: tokyo's revenge!!!
"does not feel well  white blood cells   losing   battle   need   to   replenish   flu-- : sad ollapses on keyboard:: \skdjfksajfkjdklfjalkfjdlkajfkdsjalkjflkajlkdjaflkasjflkdajflkhkjakl"
"recites \man hands misery to man   \"""""
"sends out distress signal: hey, everyone  i normally do not talk about my personal life but it is relevant to address everyone as many of you are my closest friends on facebook  due to ridiculous circumstances, i will be a homeless person following the next thirty days  please relay all info to my email address and facebook  thanks everyone "
asks if you can meet him halfway? down by the borderline is where he is going to wait for you 
just wants to make it official: i am officially enrolled in cal state poly as of today!  laugh 
"still does not get the e playful ression \it is what it is\""  um   like   does it mean that the situation is obvious and does not need to be e playful lained any   further? is it the title of a song? is it   a mineral?  annoyed """
 annoyed 
is psyched for tomorrow's bake sale and costume contest  there will be cake!!! and pictures!!! > laugh 
greet a hearty halloween to all his chums  all guys: be creative and ridiculous with your costumes  all girls: don't mind he excessive smexehness one bit    ;p
is feeling the burnout  i'm still proud though: two and a half years of work and school with no rest in between getting my life together   playful  i win!!!
"will vote for proposition 19, perhaps making him the only person in california who is not a user but still sees the benefits outweighing the negative in legalizing the substance  happy trails!  playful "
attacks <propfemale>!!! critical hit!!! <propfemale> lost an average of 200 hp!!! <propfemale> suddenly bursts into flames!!! <propfirst> is dealt a mortal blow!!! <propfirst> falls unconscious   
"is bummed about the time change, among other things   sad "
is stoked! conan's back!!!
just finished watching both episodes of the walking dead  leave it to a tv show about friggin' zombies to be more emotionally charged than 90 percent of tv today  :') love it 
wants to make an early announcement for the upcoming four day weekend: so   i'm planning an event on friday evening or saturday evening  taking suggestions: will execute plan by thursday evening 
 crying 
: hated by children and twenty-somethings everywhere   playful 
random new topic: bears invade metropolis!  playful 
: difficult test defeater 
: tgi   w?  laugh 
announces cancelled weekend plans 
plans are still on! guitar hero rock band bbq at my house sound good?  laugh 
gonna go eat shabu-shabu  anyone want to join me?
"dreads to use the word \bored\""   but   yeah   bored   annoyed """
"warns all friends to stay away from skyline  horrible horrible movie  so bad, it's bad  even my heckling couldn't make it any better   annoyed "
gotta keep going  i'm actually gonna be somebody   i can't believe it     laugh 
apologizes: no bbq tomorrow due to neighbors and relatives being sick  i'm sorry 
"regardless, still takes championship for reigning staying up late award!  playful "
"night, all "
<propfirst> pilgrim!!!    found super special edition with <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the animation  available for rent for only three hundred dollars per minute!!!
flashes his <propmale> potterdom: i will be attending the midnight show tomorrow  anyone is free to join me @ krikorian theatre in downey 
"will not be anticipating much from <propmale> potter because the deathly hallows was pathetic as a book  if you all want to know why, send me a spoiler!!! comment and ill send it to your inbox to avoid any spoilers "
 laugh 
"puts on his best slytherin gear and loads up anti-harry potter nerd rounds for shotgun: groovy!\\ laugh "
"had to endure the worst kind of torture for a movie that, while the best film for its' series to date, only succeeds in making the source material weaker  seriously, j k  rowling? do this: go back your university where you majored in english or whatever  beg them to let you in  next, take a course that involves these two concepts: avoiding deus ex machina and building a consistent plot  study well "
now owns a copy of black ops  not that there is six more games in the backlog or anything   lol   laugh 
is gonna do something he hasn't done for a long time  sit down  put on some music  and play some fucking video games!!! :: tan tan ::
cold and rainy 
"don't say my name, <propmale>  you're bugging me with it  gah!!!"
"has made a full recovery, though not alone  whether it was saving my life, joking around with me or telling me i'm awesome helped me come back to life  thanks everyone "
is still not sleepy  maybe it's the nap i took earlier lol 
"is on a mission: find and complete eat, pray, love  follow up with argument premises against book's pretentiousness and false dilemma  begin "
"mission success: found eat, pray, love at library of all places (ha!)  found an awesome used books store that sells all books for ones dollar, including comic books  proceeded to update comic book collection and divulged in trivia books!  laugh "
"writes to <propfemale> gilbert: so, my answer to life's hardships comes from a indonesian medicine man who's good at reading body language and promoting behavioral reinforcement? wow, who would have thought my local psychic lady has magick spiritualific poooowerz!"
"is starting to think assumptions can only be made by the logically sound  considering my current grade in applications in logic, i should have learned something by now     annoyed "
can't wait for thanksgiving sleep-in   sad 
"happy non-denominational turkey day, y'all!!!  laugh \\hope you all slept in like i did   lol "
"doesnt know what everybody elses schedule looks like but   my thanksgiving family dinner ends early due to nearly everyone working early tomorrow  im up for something after seven; anyone up for anything, please text!  laugh "
today at 12 surprise 0   black friday   game stop     laugh 
i can dance now!!! omg!!! who would have though clubs could be so fun?!  laugh 
 smile 
"had a fun night but also came to a conclusion: sometimes, you can really mess up and the only right decision is to let go  if i continue to be stubborn, then i'll only mess it up even more by creating tension and stress  in this case, it is better to be forgotten than a bad memory "
felt normal for once; getting part time work all this week helps   smile 
probably indugled too much but: damn it if tgif food isn't yummy!  laugh 
teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!!!
"knows it's early, but the car radio gave me a sudden epiphany: what if <propfirst> bieber is this generation's equivalent to boy bands and the spice girls? i mean, think about it   every single song they sang was equally horribly written and was supplemented by the most basic of pop beats: yet all teenage girls (and some guys) ate it up!"
has seen two of the best cartoon profile pics thus far: <propfirst> san <propmale> and freakazoid!!!
declares an emergency: we need one more person for the afhv fundraiser! anyone? please?! lol 
"find himself in a dungeon  he does not remember who he is and how he got there  north of him is a flask  to the west of him is a chair  to the east of him is a skeleton \\what will you do?"
is your loremaster  this game is open to all brave adventurers  see next comment to begin your adventure!
"next adventure begins friday! for now, finals preparation    > smile "
next facebook adventure begins friday!
"hey, facebook friends  it's been fun, but i will be deleting this facebook come finals  i will no longer need it  please know that i appreciate all of you for having been my friends   but i beseech that you forget about me and do not seek me out  i don't know what love and i do not know how to e playful ress it but i can say that i did care for you all deeply  don't come find me  goodbye "
snaps out of his despair and returns back into the scene  i also want to apologize if i worried everyone: i've been very hard on myself and i feel i'm not doing enough even though   i am doing enough and then more  when i saw you guys asking me to come back   i knew i had to stay  :'d
project complete!!!  laugh     two more and a est i got in the bag   spirits rising!
"is beginning to infer from reading comments that the <propfirst> game is played as such: you assign a person a random number and talk smack about them or discuss things only you would know as a friend of that person on-line without anyone knowing the number but you and whoever assigned a number to you  you win the game if you guess who that person is, i guess?"
worries that tomorrow might be the end     annoyed 
"has never been in a more precarious situation in his life  finals week has so much and gravity and weight: the grades i get there will determine my future from here on out  one will lead to great things, the other leads to   i'm not sure  but its' ugly "
keeping morale up: i did extremely well in this first final 
"can't believe how much weight he's gained  can any of you guys help me lose it after finals? i'm pretty athletic despite my weight  i at 55 push ups, 64 sit-ups, and a 16 minute mile and a half  help!  sad  i also need food diet tips "
is just gonna stand there and watch you burn but that's alright because i llke tthe way it hurts just gonna stand there and watch you cry but that's alright beacause i love the way you lie i love the way you lie   and then i found out rihanna sings it fml 
suddenly takes the time to realize just how fortunate he really is   even more than that   very lucky 
is going to murder finals the same way finals killed his parents the night they left the theatre!!! > smile 
"is the presentation, project and final examination destroyer "
misses <propfemale> maranon   sad 
made it back 
won't be going to the banquet on saturday and will have nothing to do with psi beta ever again 
feeling better 
woke up from the longest nap ever  i passed all classes  moving on 
"initiating exercise program protocol 1: run for thirty minutes, push up and sit up endurance, end with thirty burpees "
posts up grades for semester: b b a b c c  cumulative g p a: 3 52  current mood: relieved 
feels like something's missing  can't e playful lain it     annoyed 
realizes it's actually quite simple: i miss my ipod touch     sad 
since when did california and washington state have a freaky friday?
just saw and talked to the most beautiful girl ever  i let rule number one slide and got what i deserved: she was a lesbian out with her gf  fml 
just saw the most beautiful girl ever  i let rule number one slide and got what i deserved: she was a lesbian out with her gf  fml 
"is running tomorrow, rain be damned  > smile "
"<propmale> rising, <propmale> rising 2, red <propmale> redemption, left 4 <propmale>, evil <propmale>, evil <propmale> ii, <propmale> or alive, <propmale> on arrival, the grateful <propmale>   etc  anymore?"
really enjoyed tru grit: highly recommended 
can't wait for 2011 
is now a metalocalypsehead!!! nooooooooooooothinnnnnng!!!
"if anyone wants to text, i downloaded an application for my itouch: for the mean time, text me at 845 669 1259  text y'all soon "
new phone to make up for loyal reliable one     annoyed 
knows the sound of one hand clapping  it sounds like   metal 
anyone have this? it's an awesome idea but a bit confusing   good sleep aid though 
"wow, i just e playful erienced the quiet dream with inception the app http annoyed  inceptiontheapp com"
is not good at apahlahgizing  i guess what i'm trying to say is: were musicians not professional apahlahgizers 
"thinks dr  <propfirst> duva is one of the funniest, brilliant professor he has ever had  and, yes, i am sober, functioning, and am not being coerced or threatened  lesson learned: rumors only add to unnecessary anxiety when choosing professors  "
can't wait for tomorrow!  laugh 
is really worried about kiwi  he can't meow   like if his throat is sore   sad 
is actually feeling sick   damn empath link with my cat   grrr   must contact counselor troi   laugh 
's confession time: nothing makes me laugh harder than that one commercial where they elect the girl with down syndrome to be elected prom <propfemale>  ::begins to laugh hysterically for the next ten minutes::
"dreamed he was a komodo dragon, going about biting and eating prey with venom filled saliva  then i woke up, i was the same as ever (boring) and the komodo dragon kept terrorizing new zealenders  but i wonder: was i dreaming that i was the komodo dragon or was the komodo dragon dreaming about me?\\i can make even chaung tzu awesome "
"went to go to see black swan  i had no problem with it; it was a thought-provoking, deeply disturbing movie but i can't help but feel many people who have watched it are coming out with completely baffling interpretations of the film  everyone and their mother wants to <propfemale> this movie as another a beautiful mind and seemingly (and erroneously) slapping ye olde hollywood schizophrenia tag on it and calling it a day "
hopes something goes down this weekend  i miss mah frienz   sniff sniff     sad 
is pretty beat  can't wait for tomorrow  new full cabinet! yay!  laugh 
not looking forward to helping relations   annoyed 
 annoyed     today's atmosphere wasn't doing well for anyone 
test tomorrow  grah!!!
: constitution god
can always party on his own  : sad ollapses on desk from exhaustion::
"agrees with dr  duff: i can proudly say i drafted, edited and built a constitution for a club  also, i feel accomplished: like i'm starting a legacy   "
now shares the complete big bang theory series with <propfirst> and edgar: i has season 2!  laugh 
's lyrics to his ringtone: over and over it calls to your soul say it isn't so emptiness surrounds you no one can help if the angels refuse to come near 
is starting to feel that this semester is pretty lame     annoyed 
wonders if there is a proper name to those lines that are created when a woman wears a tight blouse but her breasts are large enough to pull it tightly across her bust line  am i the only one who notices this? i'm scared 
"thinks the only reason why love conquers all is because evil works alone, has a poor self esteem, and doesn't get enough support "
answers a question i posed to myself long ago: yes; it is possible to leave a motivational presentation lecture demonstration feeling less motivated than before attending such an event 
"is not a fan of college poetry, the older brother of bad high school poetry "
wonders who else had work or school? i sure as hell did    -_-
makes that sound when air moves through your lips: ::thrrrrrrrpppppphhhhh::
thinks some guys got it some guys don't  simple   laugh 
's final message: don't come look for me  i will eventually be found 
continues his 2nd day on the road to pokemon mastery in the arts of pokemon black  fourth badge get!!!
"finds it somewhat messed up that the only concern i can find within myself about japan's earthquake-tsunami extraveganzza are the following: 1 ) will this postpone the nintendo 3ds launch? 2 ) how many ds's, psp's, ps3s, anime hentai figurines and dvd's will we find over the next following year washing up ashore? and 3 ) how large is the effect size of the earthquake going to affect the pacific?"
had a ball at friscoe's!!!  laugh 
is really upset  i need someone to talk to that's not family   
"just realized that my computer is a time machine: i turned in an assignment on march 14, 2010!!!"
just woke up after having gone two days with a combined sleep total of seven hours!  laugh 
"is it wrong that i am a grown man in his mid 20's and really psyched about wanting to see he movie sucker punch, even if it's every teenage boy's fantasy come alive?  laugh "
is inspired 
