43e9b5847ad2e94f53bcc9d826093a76
is a licensed driver again! woo hoo
dear baseball   please give me someone to root for!
jm3 tonight!!! woo hoo
you would think after two boxes of tissues there would be nothing left    anyone have the magic cure for the common cold?
testing <propfemale> flint
this vegan muffin is freakin delicious
all i want for my birthday is a padre win!!! see you at the game!
go bolts!!!
violins really need to be incorrporated into more music  thank you pandora and dvm
boy meets world is being played on abc family next week!! if only i had television!
by studying for ant154 i have probably delayed alzheimer's by at least 10 years
sunshine daydream    walkin in the tall trees   
no <propfirst> gates    that's not good   
does writing genetic equations larger make them seem less complicated?
15 pages is a lot of pages when you have to write them 
to the elderly couple sitting next to me at starbucks:  your congratulatory pecks to each other every time one of you gets a crossword clue right is very endearing    usually this type of stuff makes me grimace-- could it be the holiday spirit is already upon me?
just got a thorough <propfirst> down  junk check at the sacramento airport! yay thanksgiving!!!
"older gentlemen at starbucks: \isn't that some bullshit?!?\""\",43e9b5847ad2e94f53bcc9d826093a76,only three more hours until it is truly the most wonderful time of the year!!!
intervention marathons are not a good idea   
cross your fingers-- that this is the last mri needed to officially clear me of anything scary!!!
"<propfemale>, kahlua, coffee, and whipped cream    <propfemale> christmas!!"
never make one of your favorite songs your ring tone   
"pub quiz winners!!!!! only took two years and two older and wiser teammates to get us there!!! but hey, <propfemale> silverstein, georgi petrov , and i will happily schlep shlep our 50 bucks around until next time!"
"phone malfunction: my phone appears to think i am in kusini (my best google search came up with that being in africa) and it is apparently 78 degrees with a high of 91, partly cloudy with showers   wth? \\i hope i am not getting charged with roaming   "
this is a test
"6 hours of lab this morning, 2 hour midterm tonight, only to come home and study for a midterm tomorrow, plus i am missing out on being in sf for a concert i bought tickets to 4 months ago     not the best day  \\then again    not the worst either   "
if you ever need a friend    go to nuggets   smile 
this is the mystery of the qotient- upon us all a little rain must fall    its just a little rain 
"just turned a <propfemale> bottle into an e playful loding weapon of fire    think i can get a doctors note for charring half of my hand and skip this midterm? \\seriously though     ouchieee!!!!!!"
ran out of kleenex      sad 
well that was a great 15 hour nap   oops   
excel    sometimes i love you    tonight--i absolutely hate you! why no undo    why?!?!?!?!?
"very strange    10 minutes ago my phone thought i was in vilnius, lithuania where it is 18 degrees and planning on snowing    now we have traveled to nassau, bahamas where it is 72 degrees and <propfemale>    technology seems to be failing all around me tonight "
