afdfe8a7ed00cb7ee73c016a25c8dafc
"to think that by the end of this decade most of us will have graduated from college, and some of us might even be married     playful   eww "
"i should smile because your my friend, or cry because that's all we'll ever be"
"got my braces off!!!  but now i have to where this dumb retainer  it's dumb!  i also got some spiffy aviators today, as well as some cheap ass clothes (i got 4 items, none of which were over 6 dollars!!!)   wink   life's good"
is thinking of tacos with melted cheese and happy salsa  it's happy!!!
just ran for the first time in weeks   remind me never to try that again     laugh 
kinda wishes i could still cry   i miss you 
omg <propfirst> jacksons dead!!!! omg    wow 
"i'm leaving baltimore on july 1st   after that, i won't be in baltimore for god knows how long   i will miss the rain, the clouds, and all my friends  d':"
"omg, <propfirst> mays!!!! nooooo!!!!!  what has the world come to???  it's really creepy, b c both him and mj were 50 when they died      creepy   "
"-do you believe in love at first sight? -well, i think it saves a lot of time   smile "
so i heard you like mudkips??
the probability of meeting someone you know increases when you are with someone you don't want to be seen with 
had fun cleaning out my new pool   that's right i'm in arizona!!!!  wink 
"there is only one ikea in the state of arizona, and it is conveniently located 12 <propmale> from my house "
good boats don't sink
got 4 shots today   my arm hurts    a lot     playful 
can't believe school starts on august 10th and cross country practice is at 5 smile 0 in the morning  d:
this year is the first year that i will have school on my birthday!!!! ugg!!!!
"ok, so i was running and i sliped on a rock and cut my hand open   my bleeding hand is now proof that arizona hates me    annoyed "
wish i could wake up  this all feels like a horrible nightmare   i wish i could wake up and be back in my bed in towson   i wish i could go to school and see all my old friends   i wish i could be happy   but i'm still trapped in this horrible nightmare that is my life   someone wake me up   please   crying 
moving to arizona is exactly like going to mars without a home base    smile 
you can get your permit here when you 15 and 6 months (!!!! laugh ) and you license when your 16!!!!!   arizona rocks!!!!!   love 
first day of school was crazy!!!  sad  i was so confused!!
my life feels like there should be a big question <propfirst> right after it   life?
is putting phantom of the opera on my computer   laugh 
"ugg, my birthday's on a monday   annoyed "
"math   a joke   chemistry   a joke   french   a waste of my time   english   so hard it makes mrs  meehan look like the nicest person on the planet   world history   just boring   so very boring  guitar   amazing!!!  laugh  cross country   a form of suicide   haha, this year is going to be (fill in the blank)   "
"haha, life just got crazy   laugh "
was feeling pretty down today and i still don't know why      annoyed 
3 words: <propfirst> is awesome!  laugh 
my nose is congested like i-95 @ rush hour    annoyed 
i  hate  french   hate!!!!! x[
"the one day it rains here and it's the day of my meet    playful   i  love  rain, don't get me wrong, just not while i'm running    laugh "
was called a flirt for the first (and hopefully last) time    smile 
"my life feels like a big \have you ever   ?\"" """
pasta dinner tomorrow   can't wait    laugh   race on saturday   just shot me now  dx
really really really hates rumors   playful 
toe massage   wink 
"<propfirst>'s hopkins student in the news is awesome   apparently, he killed this random guy in his garage with a samari sword after the guy attacked him   the student recieved no charges and was completely let off the hook    laugh "
friday night's pasta party will be at ______'s house   (will someone please fill in the blank?)
"if my heart's on fire, then why am i drowning?"
smells like juicy melon hand soap 
"finally got my new i-pod!!!  i  love  it, it's great    annoyed "
"wow, fast week   looking forward to the weekend   it's going to be great   love  my i-pod   i don't know what to do with my life   ugg   laugh "
life is full of good problems and feels like a soap opera    laugh 
two for one and lov'in it    love 
what was i doing last night?  have the best time of my life  duh    laugh 
"my life seems so slow, even though the days are going by really fast   i still wish they would go faster   can't wait for friday!!!  my xc people know what i mean   it's going to rock!!!  laugh "
"my life feels like a painting   on the front there is a colorful, intricate picture, but on the back it's just a dumb, boring canvas "
there is just one inch between our fingers and that’s just one inch more than i can stand 
grand canyon for fall break   my friendly friends in b-more are missing out   playful 
"has entered the world of song writting  yay, music!"
poll:  how long does the average dating fling last?  a month? a week?  please respond!!!
dust storm?
5th place is regionals   boo-ya!!   laugh 
i was awesome for halloween   what were you?
i  love  amir 
"nerd jerk     hm, i'm thinking   "
there's no <propmale> unless you take one   perfect    laugh 
"haha, just got a <propmale> haircut   for all my az friends, prepare to be surprised tomorrow   wink "
i like chili better when it doesn't try to kill me   annoyed 
"our one and only baltimore mayor <propfemale> dixon is now on trial for criminal theft   haha, that how getto we are, son!  laugh "
"i hate it when the world crashes down and there's nothing you can do but watch it burn, and wait "
"my computer crashed, again   not even <propfirst> can fix it thats how bad it is "
"the performance was awesome last night   i want to thank <propfemale> mercier for filming it, and <propfemale> burdick, and my other friends for being awesome   <propfemale> lesuisse is cool too!!!   love "
"really, really, really wants snow!!!!!   o m gosh!!!   i am so jealous right now!!!  > annoyed "
love: an obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage 
oh my posh!  snow      x0
haha    revenge!!!!!  love 
"i feel like i just got hit in the face with a train     you know, emotionally speaking "
ha-ha!  i know what to do with my life!!!  laugh   tasty   playful 
"got a cat, but we probably won't keep it  :' "
performing on <propfemale> tomorrow   so happy   can't wait    love   i love music!!!
sick like a dog 
"omg!  usa goes against the germans in curling!!!!?   hey, i was bored, ok??"
is not doing super hero day tomorrow 
"i'm on a boat!       laugh       lolz, jk "
darkness can never be seen in even best light 
does anyone else feel like this year is going by really fast???   annoyed 
how is a <propfemale> like a writting desk?? o o
got my learners permit today!!!
"\when you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams \""  - dr  seuss"""
i officially disliked this weekend 
"don't mind me saying, but my week was and is awesome    can't wait for _______ on ______!!!!    it's going to be super fun        *sigh*  i don't know if i will be able to sleep on thursday night "
proper- adj   meaning:  what my clothes aren't acording to my parents   x'o
it both awesome and completely sad that i can typically tell who someone is just by the way they type 
track race of death    i can't belive i'm going   i would so much rather be performing at songwriter's night    :' 
"i got accepted into u of a's summer program(!!!!!), which would be sweet if i didn't feel like such a nerd   lol    > laugh "
wyi:  friday was confusing    laugh 
"hey, yeah, so guess whaat?      my cat's dead   x'o"
haha!!!   really short hair cut = awesome    i love it   love 
i feel like summer has already started   just 8 more days(!!!)  rawr!
the smell that instantly makes me think of summer:  kool-aid 
i'm currently eating the presidents secret <propfemale>     playful 
i can hear the graduation from my house     smile 
i finally have a phone!!!   laugh 
i just lost the game 
puttiature golf golf   best phrase ever 
"3 more weeks of bliss, thanks   laugh "
writting an essay and reading shakespeare      can wait untill tomorrow morning    laugh 
i feel so unbelievably cheesy right now     playful 
i like not having a watch so i actually have a reason to check my phone every five minutes for a text     surprise 
<propmale> revere smith is the best thing that's ever happened to me  laugh  haha
"if at first you don't succeed, then sky diving is not for you "
"twinkle, twinkle, little bat! how i wonder what you're at "
"i'm back!!!  still not sure if that's a good thing or not   annoyed    actually, i'm pretty sure it sucks "
"oh, so guess whaaat? sunscreen causes cancer now!!! how cool is that?  *sigh*"
every ounce of my being is absolutely terrified of next school year   i need help on the packets!!!!!  anyone? d:
"i just realised how much i miss soe and everything in it and everything about it and now        crying  wow, i'm kinda depressed  ugg   this sucks    annoyed "
"full <propfemale> on the night of my birthday   how cool is that??!!?  haha, yeah, sorta, kinda not really       haha   sigh   "
"guess whos got a folder with all the <propfemale> heros on it???  oh, yeah, that's right!  haha, my buddy-boy home-skillets from soe would understand "
"i just had a moment of pure, deep, and yet simple realization, mostly involving the most amazing person in the world, an arby's sandwich, two chords, and small aquatic bird    love "
"i'm really sad right now   i just wish i could           annoyed  rawr   like, not be sad, i guess "
stupid me and my stupid mood swings   rawr!! it make the dinosaurs in my head very annoyed 
just had the weirdest urge to paint my nails     o o
there's nothing better than the sound of a clean guitar   i wish mine sounded like that   annoyed 
"circles of self destrustion make weak things e playful lode   it's all colorful in the end though, cause you get to tape it back together with neon colored duct tape  c: yay!  even better!!!"
liked talking to my bf  love    hahahaha  smile 
just like the 10 little indians: no one makes it out alive   c of s d is the suspect   i'm the only witness   the crime    everlasting   the motive    we'll never know   truth #24: the <propfemale> is bright tonight 
"<propmale> of persia is quite possibly the longest, most complicated, overwehlming, confusing, and flawed disney action movie ever   but that's saying a lot seeing as it's based off a video game "
"all these \happy birthdays\"" on my wall nearly crashed my facebook <propfemale> on my old slow computer   thanks everyone!  laugh """
"i had a dream about me and my soe pals last night, and i pretty much decided it was the best dream ever  we were on an adventure, it was so cool   i was really pissed when i woke up    annoyed   i miss soe!!!!!!!!!!!!    crying "
i'm so randomly happy about life right now    awesome friends + <propmale> revere smith +  rain + clouds + cross country + new computer = one awesome life   i hope every week is like this   just sayin    laugh 
"wow, didn't see that one coming   what a way to end the week "
"lol, my musical inspiration train just hit a gold mine   i'm not sure if that's a good thing, or what, but i'm riding it for all it's worth "
"urgg   wish i could escape reality right now, if just for a few minutes   anyone know any good books?"
"this weekend is either going to be the best weekend ever, or it will be frustrating and awkward and lame   i guess i just have to roll the dice and see what comes out   cause life is just a big game; a huge complicated (not to mention ironic) game   haha, funny how it all comes back around, hun?  smile  ironic, i might say   yeah    "
"you're waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away  you know where you hope this train will take you, but you can't be sure  but it doesn't matter - because we'll be together "
"\no\""   ?  wow that hurt    crying """
boom! guess who just got their life back?   hehehe    wink 
strongbad just made my day 
im so scared   d:
hopeful?
i'm thinking that i'm pretty happy right now    smile      which is good   
"dear life annoyed please stop being unneccessarily ironic and creepily weird  not to mention totally distracting, overwhelming, constantly changing, unstoppable, uncontrolable, awesome and fun \thanks, \me"
"it's so painful to remember, and yet i choose not to forget   i guess that says something about me "
oh wow   i just realized it was monday   no wonder today sucked    annoyed 
i think that everyone should go to songwriters night at 7    smile  please?
no sympathy for the weak 
i had a great time with <propfemale> <propmale> and mia n  last friday   we should totally play on the playground next time though     smile 
"i have to write a compare and contrast essay tomorrow, but the teacher is letting us choose the topic   any brilliant ideas????? (soe friends help!!!!!)"
"i  love  football! (hahaha, bet you can't guess what i was doing all day)   laugh "
"and my \rawr of the day\"" goes out to dsk-dll files  thanks for not working """
thunder+rain+awesome wind blowing things+humidity+fog=almost like home=  love 
<propfirst> now be speakin' the tongue called english (pirate) while aboard ye olde facebook   love 
my friends are the bestest friends in the world    love    no need to get jealous or anything 
"music, yay!"
i hate being sentimental   it's such a ---      grrrrrr   there's only so many ways that i can say the same thing   frustrated   i need to rewrite my book   the ending's all messed up  doesn't make sense? good   it's not supposed to 
"i'm a lumberjack, and i'm ok   smile     love montipython"
chillin with <propfemale> howley = most fun i've had in weeks 
seeing <propfirst> brown today was the weirdest thing that's happened to me all week   do any other soe people do xc???
"lol, so much for being friends, i guess "
does anyone know how to get pictures off of phones???   <<<<<
"timetravel + dreaming + me+ reality + soe + inception(!!?!?!)= the craziest, more real-feeling dream ever   i'm pretty sure i'm still in it   o o"
"i feel perfectly whole and strangly beautiful    smile  gotta say, it's been a while "
it's a lie   all of it   everything 
simba is staring at me  love 
i'm the whale!!!!!
"goal of the day: not be a total newbe idiot at any point   \current status: failed  \ smile "
anyone with protools e playful erience want to help me out?
define american 
"can't wait until inception comes out on dvd!!!!!  annoyed         oh yeah, and that last <propmale> potter movie sounds cool too "
"i'm dreaming tonight of a place i love, even more than i usually do  * love *"
<propfirst> <propfirst> is not my lover 
"he had a word, too   love, he called it   but i had been used to words for a long time  i knew that that word was like the others: just a shape to fill a lack; that when the right time came, you wouldn’t need a word for that any more than for pride or fear "
is trying to teach myself piano over the break   any good songs  chords to know?
never have i ever 
"\it's easier to let go when there's nothing to hold onto \""  \",afdfe8a7ed00cb7ee73c016a25c laugh afc,i don't know who anyone is anymore!!!!  please stop changing your profile pictures!!!!! o:<
it's complicated with <propfemale> mcdowell *and* <propfemale> morrow <propmale>    love 
am i the only one that thinks that this years finals are more stressful then last years??
is ligit depressed   just in time for christmas   wonderful 
i wake up every morning wishing my nightdreams were reality
i have more time on my hands when i wear two watches instead of one 
i will not get sick   i will not get sick!!!
i (finally) understand inception!!!!  sorta          annoyed 
"there are very few movies that i dislike watching more than once   unfortuantly,  it's only after i've seen them again that i reach this conclusion    annoyed "
musical insperation ftw!
"kissing the rain, but all i get is a mouth full of water   annoyed "
first <propfirst> johns i've had in months   it was quite tasty i assure you    playful 
"quote of the day: she locked away a secret, deep inside herself, something she once knew to be true    but chose to forget   \that our world is not real "
the fact that no one understands you doesn't mean your an artist 
like this status if you want me to draw you a picture of a dragon    annoyed   specify the color 
this must be pretty ironic for favre right now    laugh 
"have the weirdest dream last night   i was in this tropical jungle land on top  around the school, which was owned by b j  papazian for some weird reason   then mr  <propmale> was driving this remote controlled car, which i trapped with a net   we then started arguing about it until i decided to go home and then i woke up   weird!!!!!!!"
virus on my computer really makes my weekend    annoyed 
i'm feeling reckless    laugh   i can't wait to dream tonight 
i don't remember a time when my life has changed this profoundly 
got some great pictures of the rain today 
guess what mood i'm in 
is it nerdish of me that i'm looking forward to the sequel of <propfemale> trek in 2012???  laugh 
"i hate days like this, when is rain-rain-rains, rain-rain-rains    love "
i finally know what it means to have a passion    love  and i love it 
suck my pickle   playful 
im so bored!!!!!!! *sigh*
"i love sitting in the students section of a asu basketball game, then have some hot senior come up to me and ask me if i go there   \haha, why yes! yes i do    smile "
i have a 79 9% in physics   seriously??
zombies in my dreams???  what could be more exciting?
leaving for california tomorrow  road trip!
"just got back from california   the colleges there were a lot better than i e playful ected (   well, most of them) "
"what a wonderful, amazing, beautiful world    smile "
"good movie suggestions,  anyone?"
"don't eat it all at once, because then there would be nothing left to enjoy "
the girl you just called fat? she has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs  the boy you just called stupid? he has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night  the girl you just called ugly? she spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her  the boy you just tripped? he is abused at home  there's a lot more to people than you think  put this as your status if you're against bullying 
"you are not allowed to judge me ever, <propmale> marable "
"my youtube downloader doesn't work   suggestions, anyone?"
 annoyed   just got accepted into the <propmale> summer program!!!!!!!
"my goal in life:  \be awesome in comparison to mediocrity \"""""
<propmale>'s muscles brought nasty <propfemale> across korea?????  whaaaat?
the fear of air is a symptom of rabies     interesting   
"i had a dream last night that i was <propmale> potter and i was trying to kill voldemort, but i couldn't do the avada kedavra curse   i was so pissed cause voldemort was just standing there and i couldn't do it   frustrating"
