577851a734d69f6580abc459113f9afb
mello and low
dami is my bestie in the wide whole world!!!! *loves dami back  love !!*
ah    dont you just loves storms  smile 
watching <propmale> payne lmao
watching <propmale> payne lmbo
at home bout to go to lessons then <propfemale>'s bday party
r i p  <propfirst> <propmale>  you will always remain the <propmale> of pop
need to sleep sometime lol
thinking of that special someone underneath these stars and fireworks
well that was fun the pool party youth thing  wish i would be here to do it again
beddy bye time church then work busy busy busy
tired from work gonna take a nap  disturb me if you wanna <propfemale> out or something
cleaning my room  9 days left till i move
8 days left until we move now    i hate these countdowns
4 days left  sad 
in south <propfemale> now for a few days then up to connecticut to visit my grandparents
i will be waiting for the day u rule the world and ill be your main assassin!!!!!!
why am i not asleep!!! i should be getting ready for my sleep schedule for college!!! 11pm-5am!!
still cleaning anf settting up the new house
still cleaning and setting up the new house    text me
one week left!!!!! im sooo excited!!!
omg 5 days left!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 days left till i join the forge
leaving tomarrow for maryland      4 more days to go!!!
just counting down the hours that are left now    
well facebook fam  this is my last night on here   until october that is  heading up to college in the morning  take care without me  i wont have my phone so dont bother textin   but u can leave me voicemails if you want  stay out of trouble cuz i wont be there to bail u out or talk to or be there with you joking bout how we got caught lol    love you all  valley forge    here i come  smile 
is ready for some fun!!!!!!!
mad tired from my first walkout leave but had a hella good time  thanks to those that made it fun dahl sisters and jennings
if your in into cj and not goin out tonight then hit me up and we can study for the mid-term together
study study for this mid-term tomarrow
has just laid my aunt to rest  r i p  but everything will be alright
full from break   now its nap time
sad that castro had to die 2 weeks before i got to visit him in 2 weeks  sad 
the day started out moody    but its begining to become a better birthday  smile  thanks guys and gals  smile 
happy that tattoo is over!!!! ready for this break then a week of exams then my first month long christmas vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
woo hoo one concert down    2 more to go     then exams    then back home   maybe ill get to steal my way back to my real with with all my friends over the break  wink 
just two more finals and im gone off to sc
f my life    f my life all the way to h e double hockey sticks
better with her in my life
hmm let's see who breaks first
"i'm not afraid     they may want to take christ out of christmas, they can never take christ out of me  if u are proud to be a christian and you are not ashamed of christ then post this on your status for 1 day as light to the world "
this is mojojojo!!!!!!!
"i'm not afraid     they may want to take christ out of christmas, they can never take christ out of me  if u are proud to be a christian and you are not ashamed of christ then post this on your status for 1 day as light to the world "
well thats just something we do
here back at vf     boored    waiting for all the londonits to return    sooo bored    i think ill watch 300 in the mean time sparta!!!!!
hello from <propfemale> old england
wow its friday     and i have nothing to do  room inspection at 2100
and you would had thought today would had been the day that black people would stop referring to each others as niggas
"shining shoes shining shoes, gonna get screwed at 9 smile 2 all becuz the sh*tter is filled with someone's dinner and it wont go down the loo"
"welcome to the united states of <propfemale> press 1 for english  press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak english  and remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, jesus christ, and the <propfemale>n soldier  one died for your soul, the other for your freedom  if you agree    copy and paste in your status  thank you"
duuuuuuude just got skype    send me an invite or whatever tankr227
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4: sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9: spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player
gotta love the snow
ah      who is to blame yet myself   oh well time to keep smiling
yay one class today!!!
im gonna make sure i still have a good day
chillin to jay-z    thinkin bout goin to practice soon
soo      who wants to add my on skype tankr227
time for bed at the forge tmrw msbf    wish us all luck
lightning storms are earth's angry orgasims
i think i just about lose all my motivation  sad 
im quiet    thats usually not a good sign
why do i hate playing marches again     oh yeah cuz they are long boring and dreadfully repetitive!
hmmm wonder where i should go tonight   and if i shoud go see a movie
wow i mad my bed uz i was bored
i love rainy days  smile 
epiphany      im not doing to have a good day today  annoyed \    thinking thoughts too much
"lets groove tonight   share the spice of life    earth, wind, and fire   always a must  smile "
back at school safely      but im missing my brownies!!!!
spanish book project!
done with this book yes!!!!!!
"fresh cut, its hott out, and cj police showcase!"
doesnt feel like talking to anyone now  sad 
ok so i can talk to people   but im still feeling sick from earlier
l im feeling better   still not the best but i had a pleasent night tho  smile  thanks
hmmm i think im losing my caring nature
wow i might actually get some work done on my paper tonight!!!
practice practice practice  smile  gotta make myself extra shiney winey for tomorrow
i am going out to go crazy
i sure wish i could move on from some things    its hard have baggage after baggage stack up
gotten better with them morning   lets forget and forge on!
just cleaned my room and <propfemale> <propmale> is my best friend  smile 
"lost in philly, might as well stp off at starbucks and make a bad day into a good time"
massage party today!!!!! 1400 in the boodle
restless with  no release
iron man 2 is fricking awesome!!!!
happy birthday mama <propfemale> crago
enough anime for the night time for bed     perhaps    can't wait for saturday
packing up   double checking   cuz im leaving the forge for a week!!! going to stay with <propmale> cavazos and that side of my family  surprise to anyone that doesnt know that im coming   or that i dropped hints aobut coming or not!!!  wink   wink   wink  va bch look out!!!
back at the forge now
sore    majorly tired     sounds like a good karate program to me  smile  and yes i just got back
oh baby its hot hot hott!!!! in my room now    chilling to music too  smile  gotta love the simple pleasures
its too hott to sleep fuuuzzzz!!!!!! > sad 
<propmale> of persia is an awesome movie!!!!! time for more spontaneuity
have you ever got that feeling that your thumbs are just too big for your cell phone   even if you have a keyboard??
"if you really wanna stick it to the man, then get an education and beat the man at his own game"
"haha just for kicks     poke me if you have a crush on me, like this status if you think i'm cute, inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me, put a smiley face if we're friends, puta heartif you want to be more than friends  now let's see    who will be brave enough    to put this as their status"
i think ill go out and sit under the stars and the <propfemale>  someone should call me  smile 
"the new karate kid was pretty beast, tho i think jayden copied his dad's one liners waaaay too much"
i feel overheated and sick
long long day    fresh out the shower   time to stare at the stars tonight  smile 
<propfirst> tinker is totally done for the night and nothing or no one will wake him up  so hurry up and text him before he shuts down for the night
its sooooo hottt!!!! but at least i finally got a day off tomorrow!!!
frickin huge a** beetle in my room! like right on the top bunk's bottom rings    right where i would lay my head at!!!! frick! wheres grayson hiner when you need him!!??? he loves bugs!!!
hot hot day   still lots more to go  workout with a <propfemale> captain and the kids   whew im ready for a shower
just sittin here enjoying slow burn by atreyu   i think thats like my theme song  i couldnt get it out of my head for like the past 3 days!!!
"ggggggggggggggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh\im fricking livid right now     fricking kids with no kind of respect and other problems!!!!!!  sad  freak this!!!! time for angry playlist  sad "
calmer   a lil bit sicker but over all doing well   ready for leadership details    gotta make that money tho
room clean up    room inspections    nap time!!!! let's go last week of summer camp!!!!!!  laugh 
<propmale> loves the rain x]
   just became depressed    maybe sleep will help
"i really have nothing to offer to anone   soo ill lay myself down to sleep, and rest my weary aching heart"
night duty time!!!!
"what happened to r-e-s-p-e-c-t!!?!??!!?!\i thought once i was an adult i would get some magical power to control everyone younger than me    turns out that those powers never exsisted\new generation    less control of themselves and personal responsibility\no wonder why the mayans predicted the world will end in a 2012"
"oh and sorry for causing yall to worry last night\im gonna put up my last status   i like that one alot  wink "
"what happened to r-e-s-p-e-c-t!!?!??!!?!\i thought once i was an adult i would get some magical power to control everyone younger than me    turns out that those powers never exsisted\new generation    less control of themselves and personal responsibility\no wonder why the mayans predicted the world will end in a 2012"
im loving my new sponser family  love   laugh 
ok   gonna see my parents tomorrow finally  then leadership details start friday  let's see how this weekend turns out
                 tomorrow                     
last night of freedom   gonna spend it going to the <propfemale> <propfemale> vanguard band competition
arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggg
woke up in a angry pissed off mood    idk why so dont bother asking
going away to dissappear into the night   not the best of moods   lets ee where this takes me   i dont really feel like holding back my anger tonight
         throw away the world    but keep the ppl in it?     im not too sure   i want to believe but who cares anymore
i hate when i get in this mood i become overly rational    ill live tho  thanks for the love for those who showed it   altho i didnt want it at the time  i am still silent but now i wont kill on sight anymore  thanks again    oh and thanks <propfirst> <propfemale> wright for the gym class hero music video   that def brightened my mood
      and back to hitting walls     i was just on recovery mode too
feeling the brighter day   this is prob the one time i actually like a <propfemale> day  playful   smile 
heading to the renaissance fair with @<propfemale> brennan  laugh 
arrrrg with it all!
arrrrggg with it all!!!!! im <propfemale> just gonna chill in my room and listen to my angry music playlist
im out!!!!! gone crazy!!!! leave me a message  smile 
bored and feeling alone    that cvould be dangerous   gotta work on controlling my inner lashful self
i swollowed a moth during the ring class talk!!
work tonight finally    i can make some funds for london!
why do i feel so drained     need that spark and motivation to kick in again
well at least band practice makes me fell better  smile 
i'm sooo proud of my plebes!!!!! band co huah!!!!!!!
its a whole new day tomorrow
"things of this world are no longer a easy as they seem  \the physic<propmale>   the <propfemale> physic<propmale>, emotion<propmale>, psychologic<propmale> <propfemale>phoric<propmale>, soci<propmale>-ecologic<propmale>\love is nothing  but a number and a statistic   beyond <propmale> lrelm of norms, holidays, thoughts of suicide or manglment of the body \-thoughts of a meloncholy soul"
tomorrow is a new day     hopefull
wow    even the rain doesnt lighten my mood much  what is wrong today!!!!
ahhhhhhh    finally a real bed!!
midterm week!!!!! heck yeah imma ace these tests
ok band geeks i need some help here  i need some fight fight pep rally songs to write up byt this saturday! at least give me some ideas that i can try to write the music out to   if you have photo copies of the music and parts that would be even more awesome!
well    we can all hope and pray   but tomorrow is not going to be a good day   muscially speaking
good job band! some how we pulled it out of our    well you knw
my lowest grade on midterms is an 84     i think thats a cause for a long relaxing weekend and all that good stuff  laugh 
"as i sit here in starbucks i remember all the friends family i left behind in <propfemale> beach  \i miss you all!!! i will be back again!  wink  just wait a little longer"
i feel like crap  sad 
time to go in a corner   curl up    and read    this is the most emotionally e playful osed ive been in a while
im sooo bored!!!!!
i think we need more than just an hour extra sleep here at the forge
no cell phone  sad   sad 
my poor phone has committed ritural suicide
will someone tell me why we had to wait 3 1 2 hr to do a frickin 30min march down 5th avenue!!!!!
"depression is not a sign of weakness, it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long  if you know what itis, or know someone who has or has had a depression, will you copy and paste this and leave it on your status for at least an hour? most people won't, but it's mental health week, 1 in 3 will suffer at some point in our lives  show your support"
and finally    tattoo is over
oh how to forget   oh how to forget  the mind is abuzz and all i want to do is forget
yesssss break tomorrow!!!!
my day just became awesome!!!!
idk why im so angry    but im gonna just take my pills and work it all out in the gym now
just sent the application to odu!!!
pretty frick'n amped up now!
lets get these projects done
and now for some muscle failure to hopefully forget everything in life thats happening now
this is prob the most saniest and calmest ive ever been in the past couple months  smile 
"vespers, then finals, then home    and so the countdown begins"
done with finals    not all i need to do is find something to do for the next 2 days
ah finally home from the forge
not even a full 24 hrs home and already in a fight with my sister   alreadying missing the forge
"if i had a  love  it would be  heart-broken , however since it was my fault to begin with, i don't have the right to a  heart-broken "
i got an ice bow where my heart used to be
i got an ice box where my heart used to be
thinking about something else    lets keep it that way too
and finally   it almost all feels better  smile 
packing and watch madea     snow here i come
off to see what trouble i can make in this lovely city of detroit that im stuck in because of that darn snowstorm in philly yesterday
becca novick is as slow as a glacier  ( playful  ari i got you back  wink )
off to bed now  praying that i get a flight tomorrow
finally somw good news
"to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in tucson, may i offer this little tidbit: if guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars drive drunk, and spoons made oprah fat! remember: hold the person accountable for their actions, not just the means they chose to utilize!!! reposted from another friend's status message  don't just like it     repost it"
yay facebook is back up!!!!!
all this reading about time management just makes me feel like im <propfemale> far behind in my own time proritizing and crap
why can't i understand chemistry basic math anymore !?!???!?!?! @_@
"the quote of the day is annoyed <propfirst> <propmale> morales habarth\but sir i play fortisimo and then i play paino\""\",25384f384acf88a3320779c0b000f25c,2 the fans and everybody in lr  i am extremly sorry  we were hoping 4 a perfect season including the offseason  that was my goal something the lr <propfemale> hornets never did  but i can promise 1 thing a lot of good will come out of this  you will never c a 
