fb6baa876d8b62251b7c9f69c9fc4e82
"the next time you should find yourself in an embarrassing sexual predicament, repeat this mantra: 'at least i have not accidentally inseminated myself and died '"
bullshit  god has horns 
"i don't mean to sound like a <propmale> but, you're fucked up  your shit's all retarded and you talk like a fag "
not seeing any more red bull and vodka's in my near future  way to awake to be that drunk 
i'm not gonna shit this done 
so hungry!
anyone remember what i said i was going to set my status to last night?
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ozzgajjuqzm&feature=player_embedded
"i've got long balls, huh? long ass balls man "
i just the whole thing! what should i do?
"if you are reading this, whether we do or dont speak often  please post a comment of the first memory of you and me that pops into your head  when your finished post this paragraph on your own status; you will be surprised what people remember about you  (e playful ecting low quantity, high quality responses here)"
ate a roast beef and cheddar from arby's today and wondered if any of the ingredients ever lived   
"in other news: bear attack victim had 'tender heart,' according to friends, family, bear"
"so, did facebook change the format to show different completely random and incomplete postings again or is it just me?"
"think you've seen everything there is to see when it comes to dishes? well, you're wrong  try finding some yellow-green iridescent fluid that isn't and never was mt  dew  product of nate's kitchen of course "
desperately seeking <propfemale> cable! anyone in kingman got one that's like 20 ft?
can't sleep    again    ever 
"it wasn't a <propfemale> jolly christmas that year, for many    were killed "
"question  what kind of bear is best? that's a ridiculous question  false  black bear  that's debatable, there are basically two schools of thought - fact  bears eat beets  bears  beets  battlestar gallactica "
so    yeah    my computer just played a commercial for nuvaring while i'm listening to mastodon here and i could not find where it was coming from  i think my computer is concerned about my metal lifestyle and is questioning my choice in contraception regardless of how inapplicable it is to me 
shall rule the world    one person at a time!
where the fuck is samsung tech support located where people have that weird ass accent and why don't they support the most popular pc operating system yet?
"and the <propfemale> said unto thee, \i have no power over bears! theyre godless killing machines!\"""""
"9 78 mb s download, 4 06 mb s upload through a cheap wireless router  damn these new tubes are sweet!"
just totally fucked my back trying to pop it  add that to my knee that's been killing me for months aaaaaaaaaand    fml 
"oh yeah, the pain  it's not so bad  i hacked up some blood a couple minutes ago and there was this pink chunk about the size of a - one of those one of those little kiwi fruit, but i don't feel anything missing, so i'm not too worried "
can anyone think of a celebrity that i look like?
with all the celebrity look alike stuff going on i got a thought  how weirded out would you be if you were a celebrity and every time you popped up as someones look alike the program reported back to you that you were a match and sent you their picture?
"buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo  probably the most amazing sentence i've ever heard, only because it's grammatically  correct "
night before my birthday: wrestled with <propmale> in the back yard until he choked me out and i threw up because of that disgusting <propfirst> adams cranberry iambic i drank  tomorrow is going to be fucked up 
birthday party was failsauce  callin a d surprise ver on that one 
and a rainbow of color appears on the right of your screen indicating that your computer is probably fucked 
all my friends tasty status updates make me want to post morbid comments  i weird me out   
"so, i've been watching fox lately to kind of get an idea what they're thinking and i'm wondering if teabaggers know they're separatists?"
"ain't no party like a grand ole' party cause a grand ole' party spends $2,000 at bdsm lesbian stripclubs "
"hey, how you guys doin? anyone without a gun and a kinfe and a hankerchief and a chapstick can get the fuck outta here "
don't cry over spilled milk  get angry and punch a cow 
"we are pleased that you made it through the final challenge where we pretended we were going to murder you  we are very very happy for your success  we are throwing a party in honor of your tremendous success  place the device on the ground, then lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides  a party associate will arrive shortly to collect you for your party "
"<propfirst>, i'm trying to sacrifice my life for our love  stop being such a <propmale>  best line from balls of fury "
"time chamber, to the past  time chamber, to the past  i'm not saying this is a refrigerator box, but this is a refrigerator box "
ask me anything http annoyed  formspring me smokindannoonan
cinco de mayo gets a 0 5  there wasn't anything to do but go to taco <propfemale> 
dota today will be bitchin 
i think i'm gonna have a problem playing dota on my shit box computer since it won't stay on for more than an hour 
"it's like six degrees of separation, except it's just one degree and <propfirst> bacon    is hitler!"
"i'm hungry, but i don't want to eat and i definitely don't want to cook, but i can't decide where i want to go to stare unsatisfactorily at my meal  i really just want a cigarette and a mt  dew "
just saw some chicks strike out on cash cab on a question where the answer was megadeth  totally unacceptable 
"su,p,e,rflu,ous ,co,mm,as,!!!!"
"that's impossible, there's no such thing as trolls \\then how do you e playful lain the dead unicorns?"
some son of a bitch stole my chopsticks 
had my last beer at 7 smile 0 am  that's how you do it 
npg cable sucks so bad it's practically unusable 
so glad to be done with training  finally gonna get to work when i go to work 
"woke up at 2am to go to work, got home at 3pm "
"finally got my door back on and straight, no thanks to ford welder #654 who mig's like a 4-year-old  did i go overkill with welding the hinge back on? probably "
finally get a two day weekend woot!!!
"\1% dutjuk\"" - <propfirst> windle"""
"americans are desperate, \will work for food\"" is now \""will work as food\"" """
rained while i was at work so it just made it all humid in the shop and made my day suck and then when i get out it doesn't rain so i can enjoy it  screw this weather 
"they let me off work 2 hours early today, but i had to stay 2 hours late  lame  at least i don't have to work saturday again "
gotta work saturday again this week  i'm never gonna get my car fixed  the pile of things that need to go on it is getting pretty huge 
"gonna go watch salt tonight  hopefully it's not as terrible as their retarded advertisement agency is making it look  \who is salt?\"" wtf is that? worst slogan ever """
why does the most recent tab always say vastly more activities than there actually are? it said 300+ but there was definitely <20 and it's the same every day 
"question: have i listened to anything in the past two days except one bourbon, one scotch, one beer?\\answer: no "
broke my mouse third click  shitty 
"so, i think i'm gonna hit 240 hours this month  totally not worth the money to miss the entire month of august  i almost said july, that's how bad i'm on autopilot "
"i can't believe it's thursday, i though it was tuesday  i'm loosing days  need a saturday off so i can sleep for once "
"the just added \pro tips\"" to facebook  epic win """
need to not work for once  i can't even think anymore 
"quote of the night: \holy fucking shit! that's a lot of mother fuckin cocaine!\"" - <propfirst> bourdain"""
cut my hair shorter than it's been in at least 10 years 
you're sicker if you kill people to eat than you are if you kill people for pleasure  ever noticed that?
"machete just came and went and i didn't even notice, wtf?!?!??!"
kingman is now bordering critical suck  all my friends have left and my gf's in california for a while  i seriously know like one person here  shit 
"ugh, why does frontier have to be so worthless? it's the only provider i can get at my house and it's ridiculously overpriced  pretty much gonna have to stay disconnected from the tubes "
cold weather is not cool 
"paleontologists discover complete 287 million year old dimetron fossil in texas  that's nearly 6,000 years old in texas school board years!"
"my phone just went all 'iphone 4g' and won't make phone call's  \\<propfemale> fucking christmas, \samsung "
"dell,\\your driver support site is a joke  diaf \\sincerely,\<propfirst>"
i'm liking the new pop up window for the pictures  much more convenient 
hating this place so much right now 
"you and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, please copy and paste this to your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along  four words is harder than you think!"
"lol, <propfirst> beck is e playful laining a nuclear reactor "
