f10d97ae15aca40e709e69701d822a5f
snow already?!?  florida is sounding better and better 
"well, at least it was warm today   "
"well, at least it's not snow   "
no more rain    the creek is flooded    
new pics posted  more to come later   
is making suasage and pancakes for dinner   yummy   
scratched my eye    can't stand any bright lights    kinda limits my day 
has got a stinkin headache   not movin of fthe couch if i can help it
is feeling blah    
is hoping tomorrow is better than today 
is still hoping for a better day 
hope everyone has a great new year's!!!
is home sick today    
definitely must be getting old    spending a friday night guessing crayon colors with the kids  
we ended up with 6 5 inches here   what did everyone else get?
is going to coal's choral concert tonight 
is hoping it gets warm again   soon!!!
had a long day   going to fall into bed now    
"laundry, laundry and more laundry    well at least it is warm out  smile "
"can't sleep  one sheep, two sheep, three sheep   this is not working   "
happy mother's day
is heading to mom's for mother's day 
is wondering if it's march or may????
can't sleep again     
<propfemale>'s softball tournament is tomorrow    here's to hoping they don't get rained out  
<propfemale>'s softball tema won the first game in the tournament    it's gonna be a looooong day tomorrow  smile 
"<propfemale>'s team didn't win, but they played their little hearts out for 3 games "
the grass is finally mowed     i really should remember to wear shoes when i mow it    yuck
can't believe the weekend is over already!
really should b asleep right now     
"so the kids got out the slip n slide today   they had a blast til they came running in,  \we can't play outside    it's raining!!!!!!\""  still trying to figure this logic out                  """
happy father's day!!!!
has a question    is anyone else having issues uploading pictures?  i can only upload one at a time and the uploader is different than i remember   am i missing something?
the girls lost the fis
the girls lost the 1st game in the championship  sad   but at least they made it to the championship 
getting ready to watch the last airbender  laugh 
had a great weekend   now it's time to get the house organized for <propfemale>'s sleep over this weekend 
"when i said i wanted warmer weather, this is not what i had in mind   100 degrees is over-doing it a bit!!!!"
is getting all of the last minute things ready for <propfemale>'s slumber party tomorrow
survived <propfemale>'s slumber party    not as many girls showed up    pictures coming soon!!!
's gotta get everything around for the kids' day camp tomorrow   which i somehow got talked into volunteering for   not sure how much i am looking forward to a bunch of screaming k-2 kids 
it looks like it is finally going to rain    i hope it eases some of this humidity 
coal is having a sleepover tonight    who would have thought that 4 little boys would be noisier than than a bunch of girls?
is getting ready to go to see kiss   (<propmale>'s father's day gift )
is never going to montage mountain for another concert again!!! the jerks took my umbrella cause it could be a weapon and my chairs cause they were too tall!!  i <propmale>' t think i' ve ever been do pissed off!!!  the poor kids are gonna be soaked!!!!!
kiss concert was great!!  luckily the rain head off til we were about 15 minutes down the road!!
kiss concert was great!!  luckily the rain head off til we were about 15 minutes down the road!!
is finally home and in bed   morning is gonna come too damn early!
should have been in bed a long time ago!!!!
"my\ mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me \succeed,saw me fail, cheered me on and kept me strong! moms are a \promise from god that you will have a friend forever!! ? i love my \mom!!! ? put this on ur status if you love your mom!!!!!!!!"
"is laying in bed, wishing for sleep that won't come       "
"is going to bed, hoping to find sleep "
is going to bed and (hopefully) getting some sleep 
"september\ is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member and \friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \continue to conquer it ! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste, i did    will you?"
so <propmale> & i decided to stop smoking   hopefully we can do it and not kill each other in the process 
has a horrid headache and can't sleep yet again    
has to go to harrisburg today    
is already pining for summer    
is getting really sick   yuck!!!
hates being sick  
"age 4 mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn't \really know everything  at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 16:mom \doesn't exist  at 18: she's old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know \about this  at 35: before we decide, let's ask mom  at 45: i wonder what\    mom thinks about this? at 75: i wish i could ask my          mom about this  \post this if you have the best mom in the world"
has a horrid headache that just wont go away    
is trying to stay awake through an hr meeting with a <propmale> stien impersonator 
gotta love being on a phone conference and having the call drop une playful ectedly and repeatedly!!!!  ugh!!!!
"the transmission on the car is shot   crap, crap crap!!!!  can't things go good for once????"
finally decided to give skype a try   working out pretty well so far 
finally got my new phone!!!!woohoo!!!
is making her spoiled rotten dog own blanket 
"you and i wake up in jail together    using only 4 words, what do you say to me?  note: if you comment you must copy and paste this into your status so i can comment on yours   fair is fair    play along  smile "
hope everyone has a great thanksgiving holiday!!!!
is enjoying the day in my nannies with the kids while <propmale> is at the store braving the crowds   laugh 
somebody just smashed half of the mailboxes on our road    the guy was alone    who goes and smashes mailboxes alone?!?!
is so glad tomorrow is friday!!!
yuck!!!!  it's snowing!!!
spent the day feeling like crap     sad 
has an almost new wii with lots of extras for sale   anyone interested?
there are several inches of snow on the ground here     yuck!!!!   i am really missing summer 
"someone please, please tell me it's friday!!"
goodnight everyone 
tgif!!!!!
is at coal's first wrestling tournament   poor kid is a bundle of nerves 
coal got 3rd place!!!! great job for his first tournament!!!!!  he is super stoked!!!!!
has an awful cold!!! yuck   
today is going to be a looong day 
thank you for all of the birthday wishes 
thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes   <propmale> and i really appreciate it    smile 
is having one of those days that never seems to end    
"we are another wrestling tournament   coal isn't having such a good day   he has lost his first two matches, two more to go    "
wishes everyone a safe and <propfemale> christmas
had to venture out in this nasty snow    thankfully <propmale> was driving   the roads are crummy 
is thankful coal finally agreed to get his shaggy hair cut 
it's snowing like crazy here   i am so thankful i don't have to drive to get to work 
ugh!! it's snowing again   this time they are calling for up to 5 inches   
brrrrrrrr     it's freaking cold!!!!
"doesn't make much sense, does it??: homeless go without eating  elderly go without needed medicines  mentally ill go without treatment  troops go without proper equipment  veterans go without benefits that were promised  yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first  1% will re-post and 99% won't  have the guts to re-post this  i know i'm in the 1%!"
