57fc3a07d7155471aaef5b5a76fe4d36
happy 1 1 11!!
to-good collection of garbage pail kids cards in order to fuck
so   north <propfemale>  yep 
hiking today  love  can't wait to get outdoors in almost 70 degree weather!
so   just drove all the way to work to find out i have today off  at least i got to see the sunrise?
"want a laugh? type \find <propmale> norris\"" into google then click i'm feeling lucky """
"got my first hug from a client tonight, made my day  smile  hug your technicians people!!"
"possible haircut tomorrow, what should i do???"
just got my truck back from the shop  after almost a month of it clanking and rattling at me the silence is beautiful  smile 
bouncing around my living room playing wii tennis but wishing i had wiifit!
going hiking early tomorrow with <propmale> if anyone wants to join us  smile 
"what a hike  smile  me and <propmale> had the summit all to ourselves, so it was worth it getting up early to go!"
tin's a bad influence    to pierce or not to pierce my lip?
being at a tattoo parlor makes getting a tattoo so tempting   
the old guy carriage surfing in the parking lot just made my day  smile 
closing the day with some <propmale> & <propfirst>'s <propfemale> blonde ice cream   mmmmm  love 
dying in this heat after being in ac all day for work  heart-broken 
come on thunder!!!
lookit that rain   so much for rollerblading with the dog 
"be a best friend, tell the truth and overuse i love you  go to work, do your best, don't outsmart your common sense "
"haha   wow  i made it, can't believe it  just got my final grades and after this summer internship school is done  i don't know whether to sigh in relief or go crazy and start on my bachelor's degree  smile  it was a great two years, with some great people, that just flew by "
"so now it's tomorrow and the party's still going on next door but i had to call it quits  graduation went well (should've got my hat signed before, not after!) and the food afterwards was delicious  smile  all that's left for now is   sleep "
ugh   benadryl  i can breathe but i feel too heavy to move  it's too early to fall asleep again!
i think i should swallow less water when i go swimming d:
"ah, new england  the sun is out and it's raining   "
"courage isn't always a lion's roar-it is sometimes the heart at the end of a day saying    \i will try again tomorrow \"""""
i just survived driving through my first new england torrential downpour; including but not limited to four up to the wheel-wells ponds in the middle of the road and two moments where i couldn't even see the double yellows  smile  i win 
9 days to florida  whoa   
four days!
so florida   yep  so far it's got alcohol and lizards 
"worked 7am - 8pm  13 hours is too much, i have no idea how some of the girls there do doubles (17 hours d smile   kudos \but i missed most of the thunder storm since i was inside  oooh well "
"just saw inception  don't know where to begin  makes me want to jump in bed and start dreaming but my mind's going too fast to sleep  i need some of that sedative, yusuf!!"
"power's out from the center of el to springfield, has been since eleven last night and should be until noon today  was fun last night but kind of boring during the day!"
"another storm? really?? well, at least there's thunder this time and not just rain "
going back to bigelow hollow today! wish i had my fishing pole still   
"oh, yeah  truck is  back  in the shop  rear brake line rusted or something and was leaking everywhere  having no brakes is not fun, having no truck is worse  not sure when i'm getting it back "
"sorry guys, phone decided to shit the bed today  it's no longer even taking a charge so you'll have to get a hold of me here until probably friday when the new one comes in (thank god for warranties) "
quaking in my boots  getting my hair cut at 11 smile 0 d: wish me luck!!!!!
lower all booms and dump bodies!
"late night bike ride, strangely fulfilling "
don't want to bouffant in your pants during your special 
proven wrong: <propfirst> pilgrim was epic 
ice cream: it's what every teenage farmboy wants 
"so i meant to post this last night but i crashed as soon as we got home \ first of all, thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes  laugh  yes, i did \have a great day  still not my type of music but ozzfest was a blast! \wouldn't have been as much fun without being in the pit  i knew about 5%\ of the songs  things got crazy when motley crue came on; the security \were assholes"
"but it was still fun watching them drag people out of the \pit  no, i didn't get into a mosh pit but there were some that came \pretty close  the second stage got rained out (we should get half our \money back for that), we all got soaked, and ozzy didn't spray the foam \or water nearly close enough to us at all  anyway, ears are ringing and \phone's dead and lost - gotta go find it   love "
huddling against the wall of shrinking college trends with the days living faster now we cast our make pretends 
i will not conform to your sheepery!
"san <propfemale>, where you can spend the day watching a cable broad loaded with wide-eyed australian men "
new best thing ever: blowing bubbles in bumper to bumper traffic  keep an eye out if anyone mentions the buick on i91 north that was doing that  laugh 
going to go get a little greasy and work on the bikes before today heats up too much to want to bother 
"going to vermont for a few days, don't miss me too much "
book burning religious extremists carrying guns    thankfully i don't live in florida  i might have tried to shoot them myself 
so did he really cancel or is he just shooting out bullshit like usual?
a hundred yellow ribbons 'round the ole oak tree  love 
"loooong day at the big e today, got the sun burn to prove it!"
i think i almost just went airborne with an umbrella 
"stuck with the music again, oh well  come buy a program at the big e!!!"
fall cleaning time!
"wish i knew how to cook   until then, cheez-its for dinner "
finally found a good pattern tutorial for my ears so   who has the sewing machine?!
"at gate 1a, come to the big e and buy a program! a little rain never hurt anyone "
xbox 360: $200 halo reach: $60 headset: $20 listening to <propmale> talk sing to himself in multiplayer: priceless 
"back to the big e this morning, at least the rain looks like it finally quit  wish me and my truck good luck and hope to see you there!  smile "
cats are weird creatures  mine were trying to be all inconspicuous hovering over my boots so i ignored them   look back ten seconds later and they pulled both my socks out  uh   why??
i like it in the closet  wink 
"got five hours of sleep last night and woke up sicksicksick  can't breath well enough to sleep it off and that nasty bitter vegetarian melt <propfirst> had me try didn't help much  time for more theraflu i think, and a big heavy blanket  mrr "
"i went to a scrabble party last night and played \the lottery, everybody was eating lobster but later it turned into \boggle followed by a few rounds of poker"
"why is nobody home!? it's -wednesday- night, not friday or saturday    what am i missing here?"
thanks <propfemale> aucoin for the soft doom to my poor left eye!!
"“flatter me, and i may not believe you  criticize me, and i may not like you  ignore me, and i may not forgive you  encourage me, and i will not forget you  love me and i may be forced to love you \ - <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>"""
"just saw a three car crash; massachusetts in front, new york in the middle and pennsylvania in back  by the way, i'm in conneticut   "
"what is there to do in this town for free??? so far i have   hiking  and that's a half hour away  anything scenic is even further away and anything fun is $$$  oh, east longmeadow, why do you fail me so?"
"got arm warmers and one ear done, taking a break before i start on the next ear  my fingers need some recovery time from my novice sewing skills  i need a sewing machine  _ "
"i missed my <propmale> in las vegas but i'm getting another, this one in tennessee!! <propmale> <propmale> should be hosting a concert to raise money for flood relief there so i get one more <propmale> to see him in concert   "
"vermont, you better be good to me  i'm leaving a lot behind to go to you "
as of right now   by myself for at least 10 days          oh boy 
"i've got two tickets to paradise!!!! that is, two tickets to tennessee thanks to <propfirst> laliberte  actually, just tickets to the concert there  now i need to figure out the flights and rooms    shit "
"hahaha i heard you guys down in mass got some snow, eh? only a little bit of wind up here  smile "
people taste bitter 
the most complicated buy at the grocery store? paper towels 
"mom's babysitting <propmale>, but i ended up laying down for a nap before he did despite the mysterious arm pain that started up last night still hanging around  is it possible to pinch a nerve in both your shoulders???"
snow!
huzzah for 3 1 2 hours of sleep and another night of looming insomnia 
"well, i was going to say: \help! someone stop me! i found the christmas music station online and it won't stop!\"" but   firefox beat everyone to the punch and crashed itself  win or fail??"""
from 58 degrees last night to 70 degrees tonight  smile  i  love  space heaters!
"i never eat december snowflakes, i always wait until january "
why is so hard to whistle with your fingers!?! thanks for making it seem easy <propfirst> laliberte
lunar eclipse at 3 smile 0am tomorrow! who'll be up with me?  laugh 
mmm southern accents  i like tennessee already  smile 
oh nashville you poor flooded thing   but all your adult shops seem to have made out fine  been here less than a day and seen three so far 
i haven't had pink eye for years and what do i wake up with the morning of the concert?? for once i can finally say   fml 
oh  my  fucking  god  <propmale> <propmale> live = amazing  my only disappointment was no belleau wood but no concert will ever be the same after that  i'm a country girl at heart after all   
<propfemale> christmas!
sledding!
discovered today that my <propfirst> size ranges from 6 to 15  who wants to e playful lain how that makes sense?
"my cat turned 3 today, and for her birthday i drugged her, stuffed her in a box and drove her four hours away from home  happy birthday <propfemale>  smile "
overrun by the zombies in rdr  _ 
"kicking pluto off the planet list is like kicking <propfemale> out of the rainbow, and i don't know any <propfirst> g bi "
went out to put the recyclables by the road and found some canine prints in the snow and on the back sidewalk     wish they were decent prints so i could tell if it was just someone's stray dog or if i have to start looking out for coyotes  smile 
sending in a job application   as soon as hcc sends me my transcript  wish me luck!
"i move further north, where you think all the big bad storms are going to hit but   nope! massachusetts gets them all  laugh  we have maybe 4-5\ and a very light snowfall right now  love """
peaceful silence has no meaning until you've e playful erienced it in vermont 
"i love all these quotes i see lingering around facebook with girlfriends complaining about their boyfriends playing too much cod black ops and not giving them any attention  to that i say   i just got black ops in the mail, so to xbox i go!  laugh "
<propfemale> aucoin is dating a high schooler 
"brother's week!!!! if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, and is someone you can't live without, copy and paste this to your status ?"
northern vermont is finally supposed to be getting some of the snow i've been hearing all the rest of you complain about  that is   getting it tomorrow  smile  i'll let you know if we ever do get snowed in!
<propfirst> laliberte finishes first 
"it's snowing again, but this time with a little lightning and thunder  laugh   love "
been outside to shovel 3 times in 6 hours and still feel restless  indecision 
lots of movie commercials this super bowl  annoyed \ but my favorite? darth vader  laugh  close second? the best buy with ozzie and what's-his-face that looks like a girl 
"deep into that darkness peering, long i stood there wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before "
"ugh, whitening strips taste weird   "
"the wind is so bad the house is trembling and my bed is shaking  plus, the lights just flickered  likely to lose power, i think, and not just because a tree went down on the power lines  ohhhhhh boy "
jersey tomorrow~~!!
i got seashells from the seashore at seaside
"oh noooo~! the cadbury easter commercial just came on, and i gave up <propfemale> for new years! i will miss cadbury mini eggs this year!!"
so turns out the job i thought i was starting may 9th i am now starting   this monday  laugh 
coolest thing ever? watching the shadow of clouds race across the frozen white lake towards you 
"so wait, what?!? are we in -three- wars now? wtf is going on!!"
watched the sun come up this morning   i think i'm going to like getting up early 
"$312   not bad for my first paycheck in, oh, 7 months "
<propmale> my clothes out on the line for the first time this winter  mmmmmmmm~!
"springtime: blue skies, warm weather, longer days, and more dead things on the side of the road  tally so far: one bird, one cat, two dogs coyotes "
