9ddc3293a3972ff668e96f7af9443678
going to the mall tomorrow to do last minute shopping and what not 
having a band practice this weekend   i am really excited because we have not had one in like two months or better!
why is it so easy for some but <propfemale> hard for me?  sad 
made up my mind as soon as i graduate highschool i am moving to california to be closer to family 
plus gp sucks!
i feel like    when you get out of the dentist and they laugh gas your ass!
whats on my mind? your on my mind   
"at rosco's house!( annoyed having a blast!"
"today, hello <propfirst> galactica finished recording the drum parts, the bass parts, and most of the guitar parts  tomorrow were going to finish the guitar parts and finish the vocals and in about a few days, hello <propfirst> galactica will release their first ever cd!!!!"
got the recording done and the first cds made!!! we sound amazing!!!
hey everyone go add my band hello <propfirst> galactica! we finally got a <propfemale> up!
going to see 30 seconds to mars tomorrow!!!!
omg 30 seconds to mars were fucking awesome!!!!
wow fuck people    everyone go to rot in hell and die!!!
wow fuck people    everyone can go rot in fucking hell and die!!!
go check out my bands <propfemale>  just uploaded music  plus you can download!!!
check the songs out under band <propfemale>!
don't forget to add us on myspace either!
"its weird how life can hate you one day, and boom the next day anything can that go right goes right!! thanks to everyone who is making a positive impact on my life right now!  smile "
having a band practice   holy shit its been forever   i think the last one was when our ep came out! wow    i hope i remember how everything goes!  laugh 
hah tomorrow lol
"sometimes parents can fucking suck    but most of the time parents just do things out of love  it's just, why do those things like that if you really loved me?? life is life   the sooner i get out of here the better!"
i might be getting my own car soon!!
starting monday i don't have an 8th period!!!  laugh 
were starting to make a small name for ourselves! please tell your friends about us!
punk vs  metal? which is better? leave a comment!
hey let us know what you guys think of us!
punk or metal which is better?
you guys fucking rock! keep on listening to us!
if you live in the grants pass area you can pick up one of our cd's! located at <propfirst>'s music for $4!!!
you wanna know what a really great song is? face down by the red jumpsuit apparatus  oh and over the edge and the end by a hero never dies! hahaha 
added a new member to the gang!!! <propfirst> aubrey   he is going to be our rhythm guitar!!
getting my own car!!!
hopefully getting my car by wednesday!!!
not looking forward to tomorrow at all     
"replaced <propfirst>, with <propmale> bullard! welcome aboard! we have great hope that this will make us something!!!"
i got my own bass gueeytar tonight!!!! i am going to have to say this; i am fairly pleased with the the total sum of money i spent for the product i purchased just moments ago 
"i just typed in still fly, and the first band to pop up was the devil wears prada, hahaha stupid ass hip hop!!! fuck off, your ruining society!!!!"
"i remember this one time when i was on myspace, and like i posted a shit load of bulletins and like everyone got pissed off  well for some reason i am in the mood to not give a fuck and i feel like posting a shit load of news feeds on here and see what people say! cause i mean there are some people who post shit about things like every second  whatever i feel or thinking it's going right on here! fuck off haters!"
feeling rebellious!
wish i was not here in gp!
i hope my band takes off soon!
starting to run out of ideas!
oh got some new inspiration!
just told my friend to go read my posts!
is this getting annoying yet?
"i think this is fun, i can see why people do this!"
hahaha!
"i feel \in\"" now i want \""out\"""""
"i feel \out\"" mission accomplished!"""
i should go to bed    
but i am not going to bed   
one more post i am done for the night! yay!
"ok so now that you have e playful erienced what i e playful erience every single day, maybe you will keep what you feel inside, because i am sure that no one wants to read what you have to fucking say  god damn people are fucking annoying here!"
fuck off people!!!!!! and suck my <propmale>!!!!!!!
"if i cared what you say then i wouldn't say this shit     so go ahead and talk shit, i am just practicing my right, weather i am being an ass or not!"
night everybody! tomorrow looks like a fun day!  smile 
"oh god i am in one those moods  the one where i am hyper and have random mental breakdowns on facebook  wink  hey if you can't laugh about what you do, how can you e playful ect to make it in life?"
i think i am joining the marines      
"here i go again  sleeping in the hollow depths of my mind, trying to escape this insecurity    they call it, life!"
"trying to write a song, and making music to it    so far    not so good  the lyrics are  great! it's the music making i can't do     i will just stick to playing, not making lol!"
"why am i always the \friend\""? is it because i understand most girls' problems? is it because i don't have a&f looks? is it because i care too much? all i do know is that one day    i will have my time """
i call my self the love guru!!!! which is ironic   cause i myself have not found love!!!!  laugh  ahaha
this christmas is going to be unforgettable!!!!
this christmas is going to be unforgettable!!!
my phone is down ya'll    i don't even know why it's just being retarded!
yea!!!!! 49ers won bitch tits!!!!!!!
somethings are better left unsaid!
"i just watched the most ridiculous video about two fucking black \niggas\"" talking about how rap is more talented than rock or metal! hahahahahaha and they had the shittiest reasons!!!!! fuck them!!!!!!! wp!!!!!!"""
"i think it is time for a revolution people!!!! lets try to bring rock, metal, punk to the best sounding shit ever!!!!"
comment if you are not going to school friday    
oh my god lunchables are like crack for kids!!!!
my uploaded some pics ya'll should check that shit out!!!!!!
what the fuck is up with all the crazy cartoon pics on people's profile pics!!!!!!!!
i would have to say you're between a smoking hot drag <propfemale> and top seven ass on baby got back monthly!  laugh 
"my phone has been taken away during the evenings for a week! so if any of you guys try to text or call me and i don't respond, that is why!"
"my band is looking for some gigs! if you know you would like for us to play at a party or anything, contact me or <propfirst> potts, <propmale> baker, <propfemale> <propmale>, or <propmale> bullard!"
getting a haircut tomorrow! time for change!!!!  laugh 
got a hair cut!!!
"to our little <propfemale> fan base who listen to our songs and support us, thank you!!! keep spreading us around!"
just ordered my christmas presents!!!!  laugh  i love my family!
"your tears don't fall, they crash around me! bullet fucking rocks!"
"i can't believe i found you! you are perfect in every way  i love your smile, laugh, face, even your pouty face  playful  i will love you forever and always!"
"going through a style change  when i come back, people are going to be like wtf! but i don't care what anybody thinks!"
"met <propfirst>, the guy who is going to record for us  totally excited!!!!!!!!!"
really looking forward to this saturday!
"i need sleep for tomorrow  but when i talk to her, i want to stay up all night!"
"if i were gone, sure people would miss me  but for how long  a day? a month? a year? how long? if i have changed so much  why haven't people noticed? all i do is give, give, give and i all i get in return is guff and heartache  maybe it's not me? maybe it's everyone else     "
sometimes it's good to be ballsy 
"my new airsoft gear comes in tomorrow  when it does, here comes airsofting regularly again!  laugh "
eh  and that's all i got to say about that 
gosh dang it! shoot! everyone keeps logging off as soon as i go to send them a message  lol i feel hated   annoyed 
i forgot how much a7x is bad ass! top three favorite band now!
"thank you guys for all the \happy birthdays!!!\"" i had a great birthday! went to matsukaze for dinner!"""
"guy 1: \happy birthday!\""\",9ddc3293a3972ff668e96f7af9443678,my world has done a complete 180 since you have entered it!  laugh 
making plans for this spring break to record our ep album!
got my phone taken away till sunday  so if you are trying to get a hold of me  sorry  just im me or send a message on here 
"listening to blink-182, acting like a child, talking to my amazing girlfriend, and have chapstick in my nose! what could make this night be anymore awesome?! maybe some booze, so that way i would have a valid reason for acting like a child and putting chapstick in my nose   laugh  hahaha "
hmm i wonder if mint chapstick would make your breath smell better?  laugh 
getting my phone back tomorrow!
i hate not having my phone  i just want to say sorry to anyone that has tried to reach me! i am not blowing you guys off   annoyed 
"i hate coming down off my pills! i either feel depressed, angry, or down right sarcastic! people who say adhd and or add is just an excuse for kids and teens, two words, fuck you!!! seriously it's not fun!"
last night was amazing!!! best night in forever     so far   wink 
"why are there so many comments about raping a button on the internet, ejaculating in your pants because of music, and cumming out of your? ears?\\seriously, you guys need to get that shit check out   it's not normal   "
"you know when you ask the question; am i in love? and people respond by saying when you look at that other person and say to your self, \i could see myself growing old with this person \"" or \""she is the 'one' \""        well i think i am in love   laugh """
"so on friday night at 12 in the morning, as i was dropping off my girlfriend, i pulled up to her house and noticed the very familiar red and blue lights  yes, i got pulled over!  laugh  it was actually pretty freaking sweet!!!! so a good way to start off my spring break; getting pulled over with my girlfriend right in front of her house "
