0cbb7b7cfd8c43d23da4c60e664d7148
*twitch* going on 32 hours of no sleep  *twitch*
needs sleep  i thought the whole point of summer was not 2 get up @ 5 smile 0am   
instead of sleeping in was forced to go to cash   
misses the days when you could actually see the fireflies and catch them   
regionals this weekend
got 4th in every event   and to think i was holding 1st in figures and 2nd in dance    
wants 2 jump in a pool   
is going to nationals!!! but may have a fractured scaphoid    great
us lost  sad   o well atleast it was interesting
mri went well but i fell asleep so i dont really remember anythin    
swimming!!
why do u never feel sunburn until you get out of the sun?
fireworks at united sports  vip section!
no fracture! just bruising and stressed ligaments and tendons  6 more weeks with a splint!
"\the best <propfemale> from which to approach any problem is the try<propfemale>\""       ~ corniest fortune cookie ever"""
skating thing tonight and cosplay shopping
<propmale> potter and the half blood <propmale> midnight tonight!
looking for old white rags   
cleaning for secound cousin and aunt  it will b an interesting week   
aunt and secound cousin are over   
went 2 chinatown
watching advent children
finished packing for peoria but i couldnt find my er shirt  crying 
leaving for nationals 2moro!
leaving for peoria!! a 12 fun hrs in the car!!! woo    
in peoria the most boring city squinting at a <propfemale> computer screen and typing on a very old keyboard  hahaha the monitor is a box
is home and will post pictures
put up all the pics that im gonna post  im far 2 lazy 2 put up 500pictures with the simple uploader
theres a random guy dancing with a mop on the empty national floor while the areana is closed
stupid internet connection   
teaching myself to write with my left hand  not going so well   
wants to see ponyo
played ddr for the first time in a long time
funeral 2moro  any advice on what i should wear?? besides all black   
funeral and then birthday party!
beach till the 19th
home dead my roster hasnt come yet  crying 
roster came!!!
got my permit  smile 
hates being out of shape   
going to see ponyo!! hopefully disney didnt screw it up too much   
ponyo was the cutest movie and disney hardly screwed it up
skating yay!
soccer practice despite the rain
forgot how nice soccer was in the rain   despite the slips and splits
never thought i would post this but i need help on simple algebra homework!
home and dead tired
does anyone understand what we are supposed to do for world history 2 dr  smith?
pretty sure thompson gave out random math problems to do
already lost my vocab book
zune re-did there software and now it is insanely awesome  soccer later
the gnomes are watching you   
did not get burned badly in chem today despite the seniors' attempts
question: if the school doesnt want us to waste time in a day then why do we have religion class?
cant upload videos bc i need to edit them    well @<propfemale> needs to edit them
no one got my cosplay but it was sorta pathetic  had fun anyway!
soccer game in the rain??
fever finally went away but i still feel like crap  sad 
i really do miss everything!
fed up with the teaching style of history class
y is it soooo cold outside??
zenkaikon schedule has been posted!!!
my history grade went up  how???
coke zero sprite zero is disgusting!
"so the packaging of my cookie dough said \do not consume raw\""     ughhhhhhhh too late   """
will finish my costume tonight!
2 soccer games in the rain    
doesn't know how to study for pre-engineering   
needs to stop eating sooo much <propfemale>    
2 more days!!  love 
soccer play-offs in the cold     well atleast its not raining
so gmick doesnt realy count homework    
finished chrno crusade!!!! anyone want to e playful lain the ending cause im sooo confused!!!
charleston chews  love 
watching chrno crusade  its making <propfemale> much more sense now
en francais?
guess i should start christmas shopping   
stupid ice     
done english rough draft! this does not mean that im done the paper  if i were to handed it in as it is now i would probably fail   
has been adopted!
the snow is beautiful but its messing up my extremely busy weekend   
making cookies from scratch and hoping to go snowboarding again tomorrow!
oh history you are going to ruin my life   
laptop for christams!
mariokart on the wii = fail
needs to play super smash bros more
was playing twilight <propfemale> but i give up! those stupid goats just wont go in the barn!
going outside to shovel snow  o joy    
new years <propfemale> sleepover!
accepted to york!
i feel so accomplished: i filled out my first skating competition application all by myself
skating competition tomorrow  now it's time to freak out
is exhausted!
sat prep tonight  o joy   
sat prep is cutting into my trig studying   
6 hrs of math really screwed up my brain     
well i should be saying life sucks but you know what? it really does'nt  i'm enjoying life and no one will take that away
what is this stuff about <propfemale> on gmicks blog??
done sat prep!!!
done english religion essay!!
is not going to odenton   
was happy and then looked at my history grade     
is giving up on male seniors for lent
finally done all the cad drawings!!!
making cookies!! yumm
fushigi no kuni o samayotta    
everyone keeps talking about the new pokemon game so i have decided to replay the original pokemon game!
"\we team rocket are pokemon gangsters\""- i love the 90s   """
on to donora!
finally home!!!
missed <propfemale> much   
encountered dangerous parked cars and an angry soccre mom while driving today
penn state v s  philadelphia independence women's soccer exhibition at ustc on thursday- best birthday present ever!
thank you all for the birthday wishes!!  smile 
7 straight hours on homework? yeah new personal best
has no dress for jr ring dance  no idea want i'm going to do
found a dress!  smile 
note to self- fake nails taste bad   
yeah okay people the long groups are killing me  thank you for the hide option i guess   
wish my brain would just shut up for a few minutes
new camera  laugh 
new ride at the strawberry festival was just awesome!
okay now i'm freaking out  <propfemale> tomorrow  laugh  will probably be up all night
leaving for <propfemale> today!! if you text me i wont answer for 11 days
flight was delayed due to airplane difficulties  stuck in london for 5hour layover  only half the group as of now has a flight to toulouse  i am one of those lucky few  hopefully we will be able to continue to rocamador tonight and not stay in toulouse mssing two days of the trip 
flight was delayed in philly  missed our connection in london so now on a 5hr layover  only half the group has a flight into <propfemale>  i am one of the lucky few who will be in <propfemale> this afternoon  hoping all will eventually work itself out 
coming home tomorrow!!!!! hopefully there are no more problems  this trip has been a mess
is home and its 2 in the morning in my head
<propfemale> limonade tastes exactly like perfume  ew 
guess now is the time to start uploading pictures    
there's about 600 more pictures to go through but facebook is being evil so that's all for now!
my brake lights are evil     
officially going to otakon!
found my dad's atari controllers and games but not the actual system  grr
and <propfemale> rosenberry are super excited that our new school kilt has a pocket!!
guess it's time to upload more <propfemale> photos  oh joy 
bring on the penalty kicks!
okay so no penalty kicks but win for spain!!
just ate a whole jar of fudge  okay maybe i should get out of the house for a bit   
wishes to be at nationals right now
alright sleep would be a good idea right about now
packing for college visit and otakon  great weekend ahead!
leaving for otakon!
<propfemale> rosenberry be happy because i'm finally posting otakon pictures and maybe avatar too
wants to go back to <propfemale>
not looking forward to tomorrow
passed  laugh 
"with all the hatred in the air, my heart is breaking  my one escape, the one thing that kept me sane for so long is causing it all "
that is where i belong
the rosters better come tomorrow or i'm going to lose my mind
no roster  sad  but i did get my liscense 
i'm done 
can we fast-forward to september already?
video chats are evil   
at the beach and bored
ignis fatuus is probably the scareist haunted attraction i've ever done 
acts tomorrow  not a good idea   
every time i finally move forward you come back and destroy it all 
soccer practice = fail  sooo out of shape
someone almost knocked the side mirror off my car  they are very lucky i was able to pop it back into place
looking at college apps    scary
keeps staring at the college essay  just can't seem to write anything
school computer decided to crash part of my programming project  crying 
across the universe  love 
finally inspiration for my personal statement!
applied to york and cup  only three more to go
stupid writer's block you win again   
stressing  i really hate deadlines
*bangs head into wall* stressing has escalated to freaking out
i think the universe is trying to tell me something    
none of my colleges have gotten my transcripts and the deadline is tomorrow  great 
dr  pepper + building a staircase + hot glue = bad idea
snickerdoodles  love 
time for cookies!
gave in and got a skype   
learned how to drive home on untreated roads  oh the fun 
accepted to salisbury u  laugh 
15 hours per character for birth by sleep?! well good thing there's a snow day tomorrow
forgot how good pez <propfemale> is
not going to school
no power    
"black swan = twisted, disturbing, and absolutely amazing!"
my driveway is a sheet of ice   tomorrow is not going to be a fun morning 
finished hayes studyguide!! that was absolute torture   but still better than the peterson essay 
all-nighter? yes i think so 
i've been studying for the wrong exam all day  fml 
so excited for thundersnow  love 
salisbury honors college : e-mail a short essay that you are proud to have written  well this would be really easy if i actually had a good essay   
writing a hayes studyguide  ?
hayes studyguide is done!!!
officially accepted to calu's honors program!
accepted to college of charleston  laugh 
so my dad bought <propfirst> pilgrim v s  the world  guess this means i should watch it   
<propfirst> pilgrim v s  the world - not a fan  the fights are pretty sick but other than that i don't like it 
bought glow-in-the-dark knee high socks  definately good money spent  laugh 
in salisbury till tomorrow
home! and its really cold here   
accidently sent my laser tag money for tomorrow through the wash    i am very torn as to whether i should've just let it go through the dry cycle too or set it out to dry for the night   
my voice is gone but tonight was awesome!
accepted to salisbury's honors program!
i miss charleston already but atleast i got a prom dress   ?
accepted to st  <propfirst>'s! and this means i got in to all my schools  laugh 
middle of nowhere <propfemale> for a skating competition? heck yeah
i hate being sick    
101 fever! well i guess its good i didnt already miss five freaking days of school    
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone  laugh 
"fortune cookie says- \eat your vegetable and you'll grow up big and strong like popeye\""      wait what? i am so confused"""
becca rambo is the koolest person ever!!!
why did i sign up to take ab calc test again? oh yeah i enjoy a slow and painful death  worst idea ever 
for anyone who actually still studies for tests i made a haye's studyguide so feel free to steal!
i hope whoever grades my free-response calc questions has a sense of humor   
up early to put on an insane amount of makeup?  wouldnt have it any other way
yay skype is finally working again  laugh 
skype doesn't work on my computer anymore  sad 
sunburn the day before prom? yeahhhh    
i hate ticks  sad 
posted hayes studyguide! check my notes
french + math on the same day  whose bright idea was that??
penn state icecream  where have you been all my life?!
class scheduling for salisbury tomorrow? but i still feel like a shanahan student   
finally has internet access !! well for a few more minutes atleast
home from senior week  kind of miss it already
i love lightning bugs but not when they are attacking me as i try to get in the front door   
first concert ever tonight  laugh 
<propmale> potter midnight showing and then leave for salisbury for a five day biking rope challenge community service trip? yeah not one of my brightest ideas   
rip dare and hello iphone 4  laugh 
puppies!  laugh 
so my college has yet to receive my final transcripts from shanahan  you have got to be kidding me   
leaving salisbury  crying 
just found all of my original pokemon cards!!  so happy right now :'d
apparently to <propfirst> <propfirst> i'm a hopping addict   
i'm going to meet miyavi  im going to meet miyavi  omfg im going to meet miyavi  thank you <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale>!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> is my hero  my idol  and more than anything in the entire world, i wish that perhaps someday i may potentially achieve the the abnormally astronomical levels of awesome and epic and perfect that she is at this moment  but alas, it is a mere dream of mine  maybe someday my dream shall come true "
baltimore for the weekend  laugh 
just lost power   ?
perfect night to just sit out and look at the stars 
this is it  now's the time for a miracle
"august 9, 2011 1 smile 9pm rip daddy  one day i'll make you so proud"
for funeral for my dad see link below  there will be lunch at downingtown country club from 12 smile 0- 3pm  anyone who would like to show support is welcome to come  if you're planning to go to the church i suggest you carpool people because there is very little parking  i appreciate everyone who shows up to anything but personally if you choose to go to only one thing i say go for the lunch  thank you everyone for the support no matter how you show it  love 
almost attacked by a skunk tonight  aha not going into the back forty at night again for awhile   
packing packing packing salisbury in 2 days
last night in <propfemale>!
in salisbury  got my parking permit and math textbook  can't wait to move in tomorrow!
currently evacuating salisbury  well    so much for orientation   
coming home this weekend  anyone want me to visit them?
home sweet home  first stop-on the border for chips and salsa
extreme makeover home edition at salisbury today!
must write essay  must write essay  wait this is facebook    crap
