28ee4f1e25e7af185409ecdb0024365e
from 10 to 4 its going to be me and one other guy and no one else at kroger   its going to be weird
bus ride home from six flags takes forever   but it was worth it awesome day
prom was really fun
graduation practice was pointless!
graduation today! high school is over nows its on to bigger and better things in college   good luck everyone with what you go on to do after graduation
if somebody asks you to watch the lovely bones say hell no   its a very stupid movie
saw shutter island    great movie
grape kool aid is good! just sayin
"if i turn into another,\dig me up from under what is covering\the better part of me "
ah look at all the lonely people  where do they all come from?
going to chicago   going to go check out where i used to live and of course get some of that great chicago food
sometimes somebody walks into your life and has a big impact on you and then walks out of your life   all you can do is <propfemale> the good moments you had with this person and dont dwell on what you could have done differently because that is a path to self destruction
yay! for strawberry ice cream
"and in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me speaking words of wisdom, let it be"
at the airport headed to arizona for 3 weeks
yay finally boarding      goodbye illinois hello arizona
when you give up liberties for security you are no longer free
"there's another world inside of me\that you may never see\there're secrets in this life\that i can't hide\somewhere in this darkness\there's a light that i can't find\maybe it's too far away   \or maybe i'm just blind   "
i really wish i could sleep
"i will not be completely honest for 24 hours, you can ask me anything in my\inbox and i will honestly answer it with exactly the same answer as i would ever give you  i dare you to put \this as your status and see what questions you get   smile "
sitting on a plane waiting for take off   ready to be home
<propfirst> is killing frozen babies!!!
what's the first rule of fight club?
job interview tomorrow   about time
got called back for  2nd interview on saturday hopefully i get the job
i drove my chevy to the levy but the levy was dry
i look good in a suit   borrowing aarons suit for a job interview tomorrow with sprint
"i'm so ugly, that's okay\'cause so are you"
"i need to clean my laptop screen, killed a bug and now i have bug guts smeared on it    damn you laziness!!!!!"
its unbelievable how small of a world it is
freedom at last
allergies suck!
i've payed my dues but have commited no crime
yay! <propfemale> wars v: the empire strikes back then return of the jedi is on
krogers orientation today  finally have a job again
back to kroger to finish my orientation   hopefully that stupid computer will work this time
we are just 2 lost souls swimming in a fish bowl
i have been having these terrible nightmarish visions! its called life dib
"man, people are idiots and such drama queens"
realizes there's no trying to tell a little kid to just leave it alone so the drama will stop
go cowboys!!!
tis time to move on
got to be a joker he just do what he please
shine on you crazy <propfemale>
i start kroger tomorrow
anybody have any suggestions for a good book to read?
1st shift at kroger was good   pretty entertaining at times lol
its been over a year since i last wore glasses   its so weird
<propfirst> by eminem is a messed up song!
turtle brownies are being made! and a double batch too
<propfemale> wars is beyond stupid? i cannot comprehend that statement
work 10-4 today   sounds fun right? well at least they will be busy so it will go by quick
go cowboys!
for the first time this week i couldn't find a house marathon
stop! hammer time
wow invader zim is on tv for once
lightening outside and i'm going to push in metal carts great!
there is something peaceful about being on break at work
whoo 2nd break today
pink <propmale> is awesome
soad!!!
so starting today i'm breaking out of this cage i'm gonna stand up i'm gonna face my demons i'm maning up i'm gonna hold my ground i've had enough i'm so fed up i'm gonna put my life back together right now
women seem wicked when you are unwanted
cowboys win! about damn time
wtf now all the bear fans come out of nowhere now that they are 3-0? oh well they are playing well and about time <propfemale> had a punt return for a touchdown 2 years is too long for a guy that fast
"me and my dad got in a wreck today   chillin, on some muscle relaxers"
i have a feeling i'm going to be in a lot of pain tomorrow
todays <propmale> sawyer gets high on you
yay! working 4 to midnight today   bright side i get at least 3 days off in a row
they say all good things come to an end but do all bad things come to an end too?
"i keep a close watch on this heart of mine \i keep my eyes wide open all the time "
n f l  stands for no fun league   for a touchdown celebration somebody jumps over a player and gets a flag for excesive celebration? give me a break   its a game
well the cowboys have no hope at all with romo fracturing his shoulder
"is anybody out there? it feels like i'm talkin to myself\no one seems to know my struggle, and everything i come from\can anybody hear me? yeah, i guess i keep talkin' to myself\it feels like i'm goin' insane, am i the one whose crazy?"
may get a black lab on sunday
in chicago   headed to six flags   listening to <propmale> marley
front row of raging bull is awesome!
off to <propmale> tower   can't decide if i like superman or raging bull better
chicago was great   went to six flags then downtown chicago and went to <propmale> towers observation deck   could see for 50 <propmale> according to what they say there and then pizza  got lost in chicago and ended up in chinatown instead of i 55
going to go pick up the black lab   the dog is a male   any suggestions for a name?
"some things never change, that's just the way it is"
if anybody wants a black lab let me know  the guy has 3 males left   he wants 200 for a dog
conan is back! screw nbc
my little niece was born today  smile  makinsey is finally here good luck getting sleep ness
if i left here tomorrow would you still remember me
does anybody want a 3 year old cat? if he doesn't get a home he will have to go to taps
oh i believe in yesterday
so the newest rumor is that system of a down is going to get back together for one more tour and one more album and they are done
happy thanksgiving
i just want to celebrate i just want to celebrate another day of living  playful     dont take for granted every day that you have on this earth because nothing is guaranteed   enjoy all the family and of course all the food!
poor <propfirst> has parasites   hopefully his medicine gets rid of them
its freaking cold out!
i am in lesbians with you
rented inception    if i had some money id buy it lol   such a good movie
who is bored out of their minds tonight?
letting go of somebody can be one of the most challenging things you do
i'm a rocket ship and your heart is the <propfemale> and i'm aiming right at you
its been awhile since i could hold my head up high
got a new laptop today!
troubles will come and they will pass
working from 10pm to 630am sound fun?
failed plans suck
lol my dog just figured out how to get on my bed with no help so he keeps getting down and getting back up on it haha
i have 13 hours next week on 2 days   so i have 5 days off   that's a big drop from 32 the previous week   oh well
damn sirens now i can't go back to sleep   hopefully i can take a nap before i work 3rd shift tonight
i think those people in weight loss commercials also get plastic surgery after they lose the weight   these companies must think people are stupid not to realize the before and afters are different people
watching <propfirst> darko
taco <propfemale> yo!
wow what a blast from the past   watching the rugrats
today sucks   after school i get to go to work for 6 hours then come home and do homework and then sleep
so who else feels very stressed out?
people laughed when i said the packers would beat the bears   who is laughing now
being sick really sucks
<propfemale> vu feels so weird
hmm   12 to 20 inches of snow tomorrow evening into the night? bring it
for you high schoolers just in no school for you via nbc
we got lucky we didn't have to shovel long some guy drove by with a blade on his truck and offered to clear our driveway for 35 bucks   money well spent
hell yeah 14 to 0 packers
hell yeah packers pulled it off!
sitting here at icc is boring
what a way to spend a saturday   working from 12 smile 0 to 9
yay for a thunderstorm!
wisconsin republicans should be ashamed of themselves
i'm pretty sure a thousand is a number
i miss high school german   one of the easiest classes ever
why is it so cold at icc?
