d641b554c3269dfc14bbd6406d53b42c
i'm still recovering from a terrifying <propfemale> attack with <propfemale> lenius     
i drove today!  aiiiiii!
"drove again, saw a possum, didn't hit it, went twice as far or more, parked, drove some more   better this time "
i love possums!
"by golly, it is snowing!"
i feel a wee bit caged today   gah 
oh man!  dragon age just released the character creator!  can't wait more than ever now!
uggghhh     i need caffeine or something 
 laugh 
you can't trust anybody 
dan-dell-ee-owns   yeah 
"uuuughhh     math, why must you elude me!?!?!  i hate long division, especially with polynomials   factoring polynomials is pretty fun though "
*shakes fist at world*
aaaagggghhhhhhh!!!!!!  why is everyone    the way they are      doing what they do   i wish i could just jump ahead in time and everyone else will be more mature in my generation    or maybe that time will never come   maybe i am the weird one   i wish i could just fast forward and be married or something   i don't know   21 sucks 
oh my god   onion chips from white castle are the best food in existence   go see for yourself   i'm melting 
"uh oh    only 3 days to halloween and i am at square one   that is, no costume or definite plan of action    things are turning out to be a passing out <propfemale> year   could be worse "
sooooooooo boreeeeeedddddddddddd
"walking in the rain at night with <propfemale> = awesome; needing a biffy half way through, none to be found = not so much   lol"
"so, my mom was saying, if you don't pick out a costume soon, you're going to end up wearing a sheet with holes cut in it   she's very astute    laugh    cheers to <propfemale> and <propfirst> for a fun party!"
oh man    i ignited my hair at the dinner table    sad   burnt hair smell is the worst 
"i just got dragon age (late, but w e) so you know what that means    hours and hours of nerding it up time!!!  *does a happy dance*"
"i am a mix of frustrated, disgusted, content, excited, antsy, and philosophical at the moment, but mostly sleepy   good night facebookers "
dog gone it!  i hate sad endings!!!  way to make my day    grr 
ooh ho ho ho ho!
"i need a game friend   so, one of you start playing video games or tell me about someone who does!  no one understands! lol"
"i don't know what i believe, really, but in the same way one believes in ghosts and demons out of fear, i think i believe in providence out of love and perhaps misplaced credit for luck    but maybe not, something to ponder "
some of a    aaaagggh!!!!!  fuck fuck fuck hair dye you are my enemy!
hmmm    what to do today?
"whoa, i don't know about you guys, but i had one hell of a kick off for 2011   wooo"
"first of all, dragon age - awakening coming out in may, can't wait   at all "
"second, in your own words, complete this statement:   perfection is   "
http annoyed  www dragonagejourneys com 
"budgies, budgies! my room sounds like a jungle now!  waterfall + birdsong = good noise"
"i am outraged, my facebook friends!  what is this world coming to?!  is there no limit to what is moral and acceptable anymore!?!?!??!  i guess not "
waxing gibbous!
"if anyone knows anything about database engines (like ms sql e playful ress, etc) let me know!  i can't get it to install "
gastrocnemius!
noooooooo i saw my first wasp today!!!!!!!
happy (belated) easter friends and family!!!
"cats > dogs, deal with it "
storms this week!  yay!!!!
"i'm so proud of myself   i installed a new power supply on my pc all by myself   yay!  only trouble, it doesn't have a small format connector so no floppy drive for me   oh well "
"oh!  how adorable!  i was playing frog calls online, and watching to see how froggerel would respond, and he turned towards the computer and talked back!!!   surprise   i am sooo cuted out right now "
mmmm!  it feels soooo good to get stuff done!  the less you have to do on your to do list the better   aaah 
<propfemale> <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!  *virtual bra throw at <propmale> <propfemale>*
"bar go-er: hey, can i get an <propfemale>'s long and dirty ice tea?\\bartender: sorry we don't serve those here, they're too intensely fantastic for a public venue such as this "
word of advice:  don't attempt to wash stuffed pillows in the wash machine   trust me 
i neeeeeed caaaffffeeeeiiiiinnneeeee!
"damn peta   i say to myself, alright, maybe i was mistaken before about peta and misunderstood something they said or did, so let's give this another shot   afterall, i am a <propmale> supporter of animal welfare, and i whole-heartedly support the aspca   but nope   peta people are douche bags   peta goes way too far, for one, and furthermore they have to be self-righteous snobs about it  fuck you peta   fuck you so much!"
jedi can't fly 
"ugh, today is a bad day   fuck "
pizza butt has gross pepperonis but these breadsticks are quite tasty!  i  love  breadsticks 
wow  just? because i love dogs doesn't mean i want to taste them in my burps 
   
"dudes, today was so nice out!  brought my maymay out and ate some grill food, and <propfemale> the super cute neighbor half wolf came by to visit    plus our robins are getting brave and hopping near by    yep, awesome times "
"i love how when you have no more active requests on facebook, it says \find more friends\"" """
goin' down to taco town! that is taco hell with <propfemale>   deuces!  lol
"period piece movies are just never as good as the novel    i have yet to find one movie that is even comparable to the book   it's not just that they cut content, they take liberties with the moods of the book as well as changing content itself to be more \exciting\""    the books became classics because they are already awesome    i don't see why they would feel the need to change gold  how very disappointing    sad """
<propfemale> nataka kujifunza lugha 
oh man   i am soooo bored   that is all 
"agh, sick!  so i am going to sleep, when my cat comes in carrying this huge thing in her mouth    she's meowing with it still in her mouth   i turn on the lights, thinking, oh shit what is this    what was it, you ask?  a freakin' chicken wing   she's munching on a chicken wing "
where is everybody!?  we are bored   entertain us please 
"<propfemale> and <propfemale> say, <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> is a fine old man "
"my status should be something better, here, awesome status!  check "
frontierville is full of inuendos if you pay attention 
agh!  freakin have to change all my passwords   wtf hackers   wtf 
"duluf, duluf, duluf is on fire!"
just got home   whoa 
"evil thoughts don't make you a bad person, nor do good intentions make you a good person "
coffee is my co-pilot 
"my new zoo list: \\<propfemale> moth\black panther\big-belly seahorse\south american marmoset\kudu\duck\water moccasin"
"captain's log, stardate 787639 6\\  i just wanted to say that   that is all     engage!"
that chicken is a wanka!
"st  <propfirst> main for fireworks and people watching    troop of half naked cyclists shouting \no pants\""    and that's about it   ho hum """
"oh geez, those girls are crazy!  and they make me act crazy!  hahahah or is it the other way around?  hahahahah"
"my cats are dogs   two drink out of the toilet, one scoots   yay   -_-"
"if anyone has the clearing quest for <propfirst> in fville, i have several thorns, cacti, and skulls on my property!  leave a tool if you stop by, mmmmm <propfemale>?"
"damn, damn, damn   i guess it's off to the vet    smeetsy is having seizures or something   sad "
wooo!!  storm!  (or at least a little rain and thunder)
"added more flairs, you may recognize a few    my family!  (well, my immediate fam )"
oh noes i broke <propfemale>'s phone!   sad   damn my crazy jumpings in water without checking my pockets!  sorries!
cleanin' house   bye bye facebook!
"okay, so it wasn't really half off    but i saved 20 bucks which is fine   i guess   i needed groceries anyways "
hercules in new york   google it 
"bizarre fact:  some, but not all cats, give me hives   why why why??? <propmale> and <propfemale> give me hives, but no other cat ever has   *itch itch itch*"
"during the reign of <propfirst> the great, any russian nobleman who wore a beard had to pay a special beard tax "
my parakeets are making out hard core   lol
you know you're addicted to oblivion when:
"hi, you have reached <propfemale>'s facebook   she is not here at the moment, and won't be back for two weeks starting at 6 am on wednesday the 27th  leave a message, beeeeeep "
"ooooohhh    we are sneaking into a hotel to use their inchernets!  we are in hot springs, sd    we have sun burns    getting some wood    yeah    we have lots to talk about and pictures to share when we come home   brace yourself for slideshows and what not     wink "
i'm home!!!!!!  i will never leave again!  okay    i will    but    later    much later     *hugs cats and kisses bed and throws junk in a pile to deal with later   *
men in tights   
"trip highlights: rattlesnake rattle, caves, gravel roads in black hills, bear city, prizzle dizzles and the like, cascade falls   "
"mom's birthday today, the 5th!  if she had a fb i could post hb there    *shakes fist* get with the times woman!  hahah just kidding    or am i?"
"' song of the week: everlong, foo fighters"
"on the list of the things i'm most scared of, fish are moving on down the list!  *hugs a fish*  surprisingly, a fish nibbling on me has the opposite effect than you would e playful ect "
babies are scary looking    their irises are too big for their eyes    they are alien looking 
oooh oooh oooh a storm's a brewin'!!  eeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!
aahhh school is on monday!!!  it sneaks up on ya!!
omgomgomgomg march 8th! can't wait !!!!!!!!!!
"<propfirst> is 10 (as of the 20th) !!!  happy birthday li'l man!  (and as i recall, scooter and <propmale> will be 11 now!  hb girls!)"
"news updates:  first day at normy   really crowded place, really!  parking and hallways are atrocious, but the campus is pleasant and modern    unlike ghetto ass mctc    i like it so far   and i pierced my nose   so that's fun   and that's about it   yup "
"*sniffle sniffle, sneeze, ouch*  damnations, a cold!"
week 1 done   woo
"gaahhh freakin math   supposed to be an on campus course, so why must a spend so much time online doing math?! mumble grumble"
"oh weird, there is a like box on profiles now"
"there, i believe i am caught up with the posting of photos   it's practically a narrative of my summer there, for your visual pleasure   hah "
"ah, freakin' <propfirst> in real life     if not for <propmale> carell    well, that's one movie i wouldn't have finished "
"aggghhh!!! my internets are broken   for whatever reason, i can't get a connection on my computer   everything was fine until this past weekend, when suddenly i get the little red x on my connection icon in the taskbar   if you know anything about fixing wireless connections, help a sista out!  i have hw to do among other things    *pulls out hair*"
ah geez    better catch some zzzs    got a bunch of work in the near future    and by work i mean school    <propfemale>!
well   witchhunt was not as good as it should have been   i am sad   and now i want to play da2 more than ever   damn   me2 better be good or i will be quite game-less until next spring 
"so yeah, no internet for a while   be back when it does "
who may be said to have had the largest family in the world?  <propfirst> washington! for he was father of his country!
i'm back!  modem came today!  woooo  and ooooo 
"not quite halloween, but it's time for my halloween prof pic   boo "
a snake juiced on me today    it smelled like a dead animal    playful  at least i got some pictures with it before letting him slither away 
2 hours for one hw assignment   kill me now!  i have 6 more to go!
we owned those functions with their domains and ranges    like    whoa
"the dog park was beyond beautiful today   i wish i had a log cabin in there, i'd never leave my back yard "
"agh   my brain is confused   i'm not sure whether to be happy or sad   got reasons for both, but they are sort of overriding each other    the result is feeling antsy and restless   calls for a fist shaking "
cedar creek in the morning   bog time!
"he aint heavy, he's my brother"
anything fun going on this halloween?
wacarnolds! rofl
oooh this rain is lovely
squirrel in the porch   omg so cute 
downhill skiing archery is hardcore badassery
\one of the hardest parts of wildlife rehab is seeing injured animals die or needing to euthanize animals due to the severity of their injuries \,d641b554c3269dfc14bbd6406d53b42c,also   waiting to the last minute to do 10-15 hours worth of homework is not all it's cracked up to be 
"damn, damn, damn "
"okay, so if you want to see malaysia again, you might want to do so sooner than later   realistically, things look    well, not so good    crying   hopefully i am wrong "
"i'm not so sure about this veteran's day hype    i mean, i am glad they get a day, but really, the hype is a bit much   defenders of freedom? really?  i mean, thanks for volunteering, it's appreciated, but soldiers aren't heroes just because they enlisted "
"unless you're dying and need to get to the hospital, don't go outside, it's zombie apocalypse out there "
gooooooood moooorrnnnnniiinnnggggggg
blasted hiccups!  *shakes fist at them*
"comcast, go suck a lemon you jerk face "
aiaiai that stove has issues    two foot tall flames    pssssh
semiconductor holdrs = smh
"what's your favorite article of clothing, or shoes, or whatever?  mine?  this gray sweater i just bought   > smile "
i's soooooo lovely out!  it felt like a trek in the tundra!  i looove blizzards!!
 love    <propmale> kamakawiwo'ole - somewhere over the rainbow   love 
"dammmnnnnnnn i so hate malware and viruses and all that evil stuff   don't you wish you could just get a hold of these bastards, making this shit?  oooooh i would punch a bitch!   to say the least "
"song of the week-> little lion man, mumford & sons"
"<propfemale> christmas friends and family!  not feeling <propfemale>?  here, have some of my <propfemale>-ness, i have plenty to go around!  cheers!   laugh "
minnesota?  you know why the goa'uld hunt us?  it's minnesota   that's why 
i think i'm dysfunctional  i actually like paying bills 
"oh shit!  there's a <propfirst> flipped over under the bridge surrounded by 4 squads, one undercover, and a firetruck    drama!"
"oh noes    my <propfemale> bird died    poor hatebeak, all by his lonesome    i_i"
"\gop takes charge: new speaker boehner leads house\"" rofl    boehner   """
"uh uh, no way, not about to get moshed   i'm going upstairs "
"if you had any superpower, what would it be, and why?  (i'm bored   indulge me )"
has joined the 'people suck bandwagon' 
"oh god, not dr  frasier    wahhh    <propfemale>    "
"hahaha it's hilarious that my fish snack on their fallen comrades   saves the deceased a funeral via flush, and provides a nutritious afternoon snack!  lol"
"i really wish things like <propmale> successes in various charities, stories of lives saved, and stories of progress in things like   recycling and preservation    made the front <propfemale>   wtf, i don't want to know that some doctor killed countless babies with scissors    or that by 2014 we will be forced to buy govt insurance if we don't have private insurance    ah, lesson of the day, don't read the news "
"so   my comp is middle aged at best    if any of you kind folks know any tricks to get it running faster, i'm all ears!  *waits patiently for assistance*"
hahahaha it's snowing again 
oh  my  god   we have been wondering how turds end up feet from the cat box on as regular basis   <propmale> has projectile feces   not even kidding a little bit   it was like a pea shooter in there   <propfemale> and <propfemale> as my witnesses 
"holy crap i just had so many dreams    crashing a party for the clintons on a yacht, skydiving out the bathroom window of a skyscraper (and landing on said party boat), witnessing a shootout, climbing a really tall tree with an old timey cop, watching a crazy stargate story unfurl, wrangling giant rats cats    that's just what i can remember   fun times "
"fffffffffff       well, my first surgery is coming up!  is it weird that i am excited about it?  also   i'll be broke as hell for the next year in related medical news "
"alright, what the hell   i hate llamas now "
i am concerned   skyrim's plot sounds incredibly familiar    a monarch is assassinated and an evil god threatens the world in troubles times   if i start the game in a prison i will be just pouty 
rumor has it they are making a macgyver movie   
"one month isn't so long to wait, is it?  damn it, what to do in the meantime "
yay!  two more keets in my aviary!  a turquoise one with a yellow face and a canary yellow one with pink eyes!  i think one more should complete the flock   preferably a girl 
<propfemale> looks like a murderer
"finally got my civ iv game today!  it's the complete addition, so no need to get the e playful ansion packs!  woo    just one more turn   "
"coincidentally, i was seated at the table with the higgins family crest   what are the odds "
"this is gonna be a sweet year!  two planned vacations make it all the sweeter!  of course there is the downside of having to have all this dental crap done, but i stand optimistic that it will be awesome despite it   woo"
finally   no download should take 10 5 hours 
i will never eat <propfemale> hearts again   they have traumatized me 
i have good guardian angels   or i am lucky 
black & white 2  laugh 
getting a new stove is serious business 
"i have two things to post, first a comment then a question   \\first   smeets walked in and made a point to catch my attention to show me her prize, a stolen piece of chicken, and then she proceeded to eat it   that cat has gall   \\second   does anyone have any suggestion for spring break vacation?  i like natural places, and am on a budget   preferably somewhere green and wet "
"wooooo!  guess who's going to the caribbean this month?  no, really, guess "
installing now    eeeeeeeeeeee
damn it anders!!!!  damn you!!!!
"now that my dragon age ii wait is over, i can appropriately commence the \eeeeeee i am going to the carribbean!!!!!!!\""  time to burn some nautical tunes and bust out my summer wardrobe!"""
ahhhh!!!!! it's so nice out!!!  every year i forget how lovely the spring is    i almost want to go bask in the sun in a t-shirt on top of the snow   eeeeee!!!!!
"is it just me, or has facebook gotten particularly dull these last couple months?"
rain!
"officially springtime!  woo!  also, i have changed my mind, <propfirst> is adorable "
is way the eff checked out 
needs to get out of here   night walk it is 
adios people!  be back monday 
"i'm home!  how i have missed it  even if my thermostat ran out of batteries and it's 55 degrees in my house   and our cats sabotaged our bedrooms in lonely rage   also, minnesotans really are nicer "
"should i do something for my birthday?  i am not very motivated, but then again    i'll have to wait a whole year if i don't do anything   if anybody has any suggestions, let me know   either tonight or tomorrow night "
ack!  my face is all slimey   i got frog on my face!
the arrival of spring feels like i just drank 5 cups of coffee!  eeeeeee
   one lost hour and four lost wisdom teeth later   
is inspired to finally finish that remodeling project she started over a year ago 
is sad because i can't go to party    <propfemale> says so   since i can't drink   booooo  booooooo
whatever happened to april showers???  *is frustrated*
yaaaahhh i'm a good healer    smile 
fun day!  found some bizarre things down where the mississippi meets the minnesota river   had a nice fire    there was a massive tepee down there   some huge bird eggs    quicksand   fun times 
"i am planning a party, and i want to know which day of the week is the most available   the initial plan was next friday but that doesn't seem like it's going to work, so post what day would be best and i'll work around them   ideally next week sometime  mmkay thanks  laugh "
crap it all   agh 
is declaring a blood feud on these ants   it begins by eliminating their food sources in my bedroom    crumbs beware!
