7d52859a4e4a3b7dc58d6c2b0821e949
its my birthday and it does not feel like it
thank u to the people who care
on my way to florida
going back home
is back
best day ever
much with a heart and a sideway <propfemale>
only you
wish i was with you
you could be happy
i want a cookie
"i\m sorry"""
just got oovoo
add me on oovoo matos33
im a gay fish
stop fuckin with my facebook
i don’t love you i'm just passing the timeyou could love me if i knew how to liebut who could love me?i am out of my mindthrowing a line out to seato see if i can catch a dream
where to go?
i just want to get to know you 
watching snowboarding movies all day
hello nurse!
<propfemale> <propmale> is so fucking hot
now what?
lost
?
why do i even try?
and the cow goes moo
so my profile still works on migente com after all these years
i just want to kno ur name
if you are brave      copy this into your status and see what people rate you  1  crazy 2  i'd marry you 3  talkative 4  sarcastic 5  lovable 6  clubhead 7  moody 8  dumb 9  spoiled 10  mouthy 11  sexy 12  hot 13  funny 14  f*** it 15  amazing 16  beautiful 17  cute 18  smartass
why must i need a reason to believe in what i believe in when the whole world believe's in a book that was just written by man? also why do people question my beliefs when they can't even have beliefs of their own with out someone telling them what to believe in?
should i cut my hair?
buyin the apex 34 soon
work till 10pm wake up at 6am go hiking at 7 smile 0am come home at 8pm get dress and city for armin <propfirst> buuren at 9pm come home at 6am sleep till 12pm and back to work at 1 smile 0pm  i love spring break
armin <propfirst> buuren is the fuckin best
i love you
it only takes one fuck to get fucked
i love my room
he is older now and i think he is realizing that his father isn't here 
time for change
just want to get away
lost is the shit
lost: are they lost souls?
lost is by far the best show ever made and that was the best ending in the world
who am i?
do you ever feel like life isn't going the way you planned?
should i cut my hair?
<propfirst> and <propfirst> are the two sexiest girls alive! and i'm a pussy because i couldn't finish the kings cup!
<propfirst> and <propfirst> are the sexiest girls alive  too bad i'm gay
hangover and also <propfirst> and <propfirst> are the sexiest girls alive and wtf with fucking with my facebook
who am i
i'm just the spanish guy
i'm done with it all!
you dont know
just spent $15 at five guys for one burger
its all just a game
bye
time for new me
i want a unicycle
i got a unicycle
its my birfday! lol
anyone want to go for a drive?
"im on the sofa next to my father and my nephew walks up to him and says \grampa shhh we are goin to sing happy birthday\"" while im right there"""
i am insane 
lol yogi bear movie
home
the alarming sound of a still small voice
that girl is poison
i want a cookie
off today what to do?
"from <propfirst> <propmale>'s book under the dome: \that skanky old bastard would warm up to me if i offered him half a juice glass of two-buck chuck \"""""
staying in tonight
like a good neighbor
what good did it do for me?
one of these things is not like the other
making shit
just tired of it all
this could be the best day ever or the worst and time will only tell
time told best day ever
the walking dead is such a great show
lost all my <propfirst> text me your name so i can save you
installed facebook for windows phone
lost my <propfirst>
fuck it all!
what to do tonight?
things happen for a reason
"mr obama, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiersstarting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay tosave much more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut downcongressmen's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an   increase in pay, why would we continue raising pay for those whotake no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you agree!!!!!!"
thanksgiving mivnig biving diving dinner binner winner 
whats good for today?
installed facebook for windows phone
blah
installed facebook for windows phone
i need to go fucking snowboarding!
got nothing to do
going to bestbuy to get a new keyboard   blew a load all over mine 
leave in 3 weeks   crying 
need to do something tonight! i only got 2 weeks
just want something fun to do tonight
packing everything
ok for anyone that does not know i'm moving to florida 2 weeks
i get off at 5 what is going on tonight
hi!
last few days of cold my car will see
i go bye bye
in my new home
to all my friends my phone does not work well down here and that is why i do not call or text anyone and its not because i hate you
why is it down here in florida the first 10 mins of the news are of murder and death?
so its 64 right now
i miss my friends  sad 
