cd69928e695b75273c4a7ce2a8d58ee9
"no one needs to understand me except for me and i can promise you that ill always do whatever i think is right  so if you think youre opinions or social quos are going to change that, then you might as well find a dark corner and fuck yourself, cause i'm no fucking puppet  pleased to meet you, i call meself <propfirst> "
"for 3 10's of a second my online friends read (0)  i was about to so excited, ive never seen it before  but as it turns out, it was just flicking around my giggle trigger "
"smells like bvlgari blv and looks like a dreadsican (dreaded mexican), suck it world "
"if it ain't hurting the people around you, then you aint a criminal  stand and fight, be the changes you want to see  start the fucking revolution!"
halcyon   on   on                
quien me olvide? quien <propfemale> olvido?
looks kinda like a lion with a handle of corby's
"i love everyone, but dont piss me off today cause i will fucking skin you "
2 days till absolution   
"in abscence there is adventure  in attendance, there is the mundane  we cant have it all, but yet we'll never have nothing  my journey waits for me around the bend, you all have been have been the safety net to my ever progressing incline towards self discovery  but to live to the fullest, the daring must let go of their sense of self preservation and jump into life  where does your adventure begin?"
absolution   
"one day, one day ill catch you  and when i do, brother, you gonna wish i hadn't  till that time, happy hunting  but when your time's up, i will be waiting, with a bat and a bag full of bruises, for free bitch "
"i think sometimes we just gotta do what we know isnt necessarily right  but right and wrong are opinions, sociatal norms, a mass gathering of all morality across a populace of people  well you know what? i aint no fucking populace   "
i left my phone out in the rain  this upsets me  i won't be gone long 
no fucking way 
"gonna go have a jog, wont be around for a few "
"bored, give me a call and we'll talk, or shoot me a text "
2 more days   
"wants a bottle of gin and some perrier, this is an odd moment for <propfirst> mendoza "
i need to try and clear my head  im taking the board 
13 hours and 45 minutes
hello from australia!!!!!
"i think ive been awake for like two days, im not sure at all though  it was a good first day, walked around brisbane, worked at a nursery and met some wicked sweet aussies  having a brew with my host at the moment, all is well  ill talk with everyone soon "
hopes that australian scales just dont know how to convert into lbs
having a jog  be back in 20ish
"just woke up, its 840ish and im making some brekky  today is a good day "
"cock, balls "
anoche pasado d'italiana por <propfirst> estrada  buenisimo! brava!
"so its finally true, i didnt think id believe it, because its been in and out of production for the past half decade, but boondock saints 2: all saints day is finally coming out!!!!!!!!"
"i'll be posted with my blunt and a brew, because im that man on the <propfemale>   "
"sorry everyone, i would have been on earlier, but my cousin likes to monopolize the computer for hours at a time "
waiting   
"if you want to know completion in the instant, you need look no further than mine eyes   liberation"
having meself a bulmers  only in every country outside of the us  priceless 
"making brekky! then off to <propmale> bay!!! home, here i come"
i love everyone  ill tell you in person if i get to see you soon 
"up to the grocery store for some butter, be back in 10"
friends always do what they can 
"teaching the ozzies some american drinking games!!! finally, ive figured out that im on the path to completion  no one can sway me otherwise "
"hey, i take it back  fuck pretentious ozzies "
"family is believing, against all odds, in the best of each other  i get to choose my family "
i dont even know where this came from 
"its friday night, we're finally going out  imma stick my <propmale> in some mashed potatoes!"
things always get better 
kinda forgotten and had to deal with some anger issues  man life is sweet   playful 
"nuvher day, nuhver dollar  i get to go <propfemale> out with <propmale>, belind & co  all day!!"
i like the song no air  old but gold 
its devils night here here in oz  its time for the moment we've all been waiting for  lets show these banana benders what all hallow's <propfemale> is all about   
its my last night in brizzy  on to the great barrier reef and then a few cities in so oz  wish me luck  its time to get shitty 
thinks he's about to cry because he misses his friends 
spending my last day in oz roaming around melbourne 
thinks he would like to continue is day of nothingness by renting and watching funny people  i hear good things 
anyone wanna watch scrubs tonight? i dont have cable and no one else really seems to like that show but me 
taking a shower playaaaaaaaaaaaa!
watching scrubs online  suck it world 
hanging out with the roomies
25 might be my new favourite number 
"holy shit i just saw 42 shoot 64 in the head, right in the fucking head, oh god 42, why??!?!?!?!?"
i wanna play doom
is totally going to go to the cafe and knit his scarf  thanks <propmale> 
im too sexy for my shirt   so i decided to shower 
i exist again   
off to work 
running  be back in a bit
shower then dinner i think 
what the hell is wrong with me?
"it's 16c outside  im so fucking excited!!!!!!! suck it midwest, this is why i moved south  go longhorns, go guns, go super conservative ranch managers and their beautiful southern <propfemale> wives  go everything that is texas  bitches its for free!!!!!"
going for a quick cruise on the bicicleta  be back in a while 
clean clean clean!!!
where the hell is <propmale> <propmale>?
10 days till i get to see family again!!! 7 weeks till family comes to live with me!!!
8 days!
5 days playas 
"project natale, yes please - fps is gonna rock my socks project natale, no thank you - skynet   "
i guess i did alright this semestre 
"i think i may have just devised the single most sophisticated work of cunning ever attempted by an evil genious  world, prepare to dance in the tears of happiness "
"it may be christmas for yall bastards, but we still counting down over here below the <propmale> <propfemale>!"
"yall got family, get off of facebook!"
"i dont know what people winge so much about this, christmas alone is friggin awesome, im about to put spiced rum in my pancake mix and crack a beer  its 1030 in the morning for me   "
"scratch that, spiked coffee first, then all that bit with the rum cakes and beer "
eating some <propfirst> at 2 in da moe-nen
"once had short, un-dread hair and fewer piercings "
going to salsa lessons!!!
anyone know of a good site that will calculate the distance of a running route?
"thanks stace!!! i dont know why i didnt come to you straight away  how has everything been?! we have to catch up sometime and talk  thanks again, now im off to kick rocks!"
"watching paranormal activity, alone, with the lights off  im screwed   "
"monto en bicicleta o no? que si amigos, voy a ducharme en el viento <propmale> invierno!"
hook'em horns! i got work till 11 so i won't be able to watch 
"f whose l? oh that's right, mine  fml"
65 and <propfemale>  go for some running?  i think yes 
running
when do things become ok?
"4 3 in 41 5, ill take it"
"yes!!!! everyone can suck it!! my day just got sweet, sweeter, sweetest!"
bonus  i love my life 
should be in the solid 60's when family comes to visit!!!
"to all you ladies out there that didnt get a happy <propfirst>s day today, it's only because you havent found a guy who deserves to be your <propfirst>  youre all gorgeous creatures and you give the world beauty  thank you for your femininity  happy <propfirst>'s day!"
"laughs because he does not have snow   in fact, it was 75 all day yesterday  sometimes jealousy is not only acceptable, it is required  ill take payments in the form of your tears  playful "
"im crying along with the rest of you, cause believe it or not, the snow is thick in <propfirst>  sad  fuck my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
i had my first taco <propfemale> in 6 months just the other day  i remember why <propfemale> is the best   
"some how ive managed to befriend all the most amazing people on earth  thanks everyone, i miss all of you very much "
"just found out that a karate kid remake is due for release in june, <propfirst> <propfemale> is playing 'the miyagi' of the film  answered prayers   "
"29 is an awesome number, it's 70 outside and its only my first cup of coffee after the sun said hello  im not rubbing it in, im just giving yall hope that it can be beautiful somewhere "
it feels like my closest circles are waiting for me to say when i'm coming 'home'  i left because i wanted to 
i'll do what i want 
a glorious day amongst days   
time to rinse off the dried blood and dead skin  everyday i see my dream   yes
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone  i miss every last one of yous very much  may you hearts be as big as your glasses with two times too much love to fill them 
"ive got a roof over my head, clothes on my back, a job to to take care of my responsibilities and im not dead, crippled, or addicted  this is where i tell you to get fucked  im not waiting for an apology, im waiting to hear the words, 'i was wrong'  but i know the game, thanks for playing   try again never "
"estoy empezando mirar lo que tengo que hacer  yo he puestome en camino    ni bastante pies, tenemos muchos pasos   "
"yo quisiera olvidar    pero significara que yo tuviera que olvidar a todos, e uds  son parte de eso  a que hora entiendo yo?"
"hey, 'witty statement about the tigers   , blah' i could give a fuck  tell that shitty team and even shittier city to suck it's own   thumb "
"i'm forever blowing bubbles   pretty bubbles in the air   they fly so high   they reach the sky   and like my dreams they fade and die   fortune's always hiding, i've looked everywhere   i'm forever blowing bubbles, pretty bubbles in the air    united! - mine smile is a wicked one  time to rage"
"im smiling today  rain on this parade and im afraid the parade is going to riot trample your shit   sorry, you just suck   nothing personal   "
the puzzle continues to evolve   
"it's one of them days again folks  i know i know, it might be getting redundant, but if i dont keep building my barriers, ill be swallowed alive  so, in the name of self preservation; fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk oooofffffffffffffffffffffffffffff "
it's raining really hard outside   i deliver on bike               fuck my life
go wings!!!! hopefully ill be able to go watch them somewheres  my heart always flys red  get'em boys!!!
i never got the <propmale> to watch!!! can someone update me on the wings? what was the final?
get'em wings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you cant tell me how to make or create the love so thinly scattered in this awkward place   
"ive only got two rules; nirvana and bliss if you <propfemale> to feel loved, my ballad goes like this   "
will not stand for this injustice any longer
no olvides nunca lo que habia pasado   
will you sit idly by and wait for the world to swallow your convictions? i feel sorry for those of you who will   
happy birthday eeyore 
sacrifice; an inevitable reluctancy  this or that? how hard will it become?
<propfemale>; good bye world 
anything going on in the atx tonight?
"im confused, if 'your sex is on fire' doesnt that mean you got the clap?   or at the very least crabs?    think about it"
"-it's a guarateed disaster, like eating a buritto before sex   -"
"running <propfirst> in my skibbes, it's a possibility   "
underwear is fun
"i dont know if ive told you this, but the gas station at the end of my street is the one from dazed and confused  i buy shit from there like erday!"
"dependability is not man's greatest characteristic  the shark preys, the bird flies, but to be human is chaos and through chaos we acheive our natural beauty  i will forever hate you with all the love in my heart  welcome to reality   "
spinnin   
party down  fucking blue eyed brunettes   i cant even think straight    
"you can look all over, but youll never find hot shit like mine, cause i provide dat new new      it never matters how many times i hear it over however many months, it still sounds like home to me "
"i think im gonna get shitbombed tonight, anyone else in the atx down?"
"noooooo <propfirst>, he's inside my head im the juggernaut bitch, my suit's so tight"
cup craze!!!!!!!!
"hey, guess what ? ? get stuffed   cause i dont give a   care?"
"oh, btdubs   fuck you!"
show those limey bastards how we play footy!!!!!!!!!!   u   s   a
"a devilish grin effortlessly spaning from ear to ear, teeth springing from crimson lips with the audacity of light at the end of the tunnel, the air laden with the unfamiliar tastes of foreign pastures  with the past's sun at his back and the divine palms of fortune grasping at his heels he stands thusly and whispers to the wind,"
"i dont give a shit who's hosting it, do work uruguay!"
"soooooooooo, shit"
"so i know enouh photo-geeky people, who wants to do a shoot?"
"if everyone hates being berer of bad news, then why cant they bring me any good?"
"shit!!!!! u s , why!?!?!?!"
"we dont need that xtra goal you silly official fuck! we won anyways!!! suck it world, u s  can play footy!"
"not impressed, not surprised "
"im gonna get piss drunk, then im going to sleep, then wake up and get pissed drunk "
"mexico v <propfemale>, this one is going to confuse my sense of loyalty   "
"still not impressed, still not surprised  predictabilty is getting a bit predictable "
"tomorrow always means 1 day closer  i hope everyone's ready to party, i plan on a few casualties   "
"going to <propfirst> in a million for brekky  if you dont know the name, then i pity your hollow existence  it's   perfect   "
a high of 93? sounds like home to me  hope i wont end up getting cold   
"im in michigan sticka doodles  call me all the time, every time "
back home in the atx!!! whats good texas!!?!?!?!?!?!
"run run run as fast as you can, you cant catch me cause im '<propfirst> the man'  or was it <propfirst>imal? that 'ferally' beast of an animal? whoever i is, you'd better be quick, cause im moving fast and i never quit  run <propfemale> run"
"river swimming, disc golf playing, botanical gardens e playful loring muh fuh-er  if anyone is down for joining just give me a call 586 596 2541  deuces "
"i know this is what i want, but i remember how good it felt   and im missing it right now   "
   
seis banderas mutha suckas!! fun in the sun with two of my besties and their spawn  sooooo sweet!!!!
fuck the proverbial heart
"call me ignorant or arrogant, condescending or conceded, but if you havent ever had to support yourself on your own, then youre not as good a person as me  sorry, it's just the truth "
gym? ill try it
"that melancholic, crestfallen maze we all have to walk in order to find the end, with its intricacies and double-entendres, you'll find yourself asking, 'why do i put myself through this?'"
what's going on atx?
"for just one night, just one, id like to be taken care of "
"ex neigh on the bullshit meing, when i roll back to <propmale>, i cant believe them sounds of them non believers    embrace the martian   "
feeling a bit better about the loneliness  thank you
"what a surprise,  dont want you to see where im taking you tonight   what a surprise to be with you again   "
"because life is signs  im going to read and react  if you think your method is better, then do it, cause even if you think im wrong, im still going to beat you"
feelings of inadequacy; oddly more bitter than the folgers in your cup   
"mom, cousin, bar"
get fucked and die  that's how much i care  laugh 
i guess that's how the next 5 months will be  prepare to be disappointed 
"detroit is that, detroit is the, detroit is the reason im cool   \my d-town niggas holla!!!!!!!"
youre renunced son!
well   fuck off i suppose
even heaven can be a lonely place from time to time       annoyed 
so guess what? my brother is a fucking baller
"long day, school all morning, work all night  damn"
misses his baby  sad 
"to understand happiness we must also know pain  i'm intimate with my pain because it reminds me of sanctity of love  today stings, but i'm happy to hurt   "
when all else fails   run   
when all falls down   run   
!!!hace pinche frio!!!
time stops   then        run  
 laugh  it's snowing it michigan  playful 
till the bottle's empty
it'll be cool if you just fucking stopped
"im starting to think, i dont like people   "
sometimes   sometimes the world smiles back   
just bought mr  rager   good bye reality   
"imma trot the fuck outta this turkey, be back in 5 miles \when all falls down   run   "
"36 45min : 5mi :: <propfirst> mendoza : sodomizing personal goals \happy thanksgiving bruddas and crittas"
inspector owl   diffuse some neurotransmitters across my synaptic cleft please   
"i have a deep seeded hatred, yes hatred; that undying and unforgivable despise, for all that which sucks  please refrain from falling into the 'suck column' or ill hate you too"
"oh, self-righteousness, that shit'll get you thrown into the suck column  stop pretending  you know who you are   "
"dear mitten, \i miss you very much, i really do, what with all your fantastical autumn charms and open waters tucked away in even the most remote of pockets  but it was 72 degrees outside today in texas and this has caused me to forget its already mid december \dear mitten,\be better "
to transcend space time   run   
"g-babes incoming  eta - 45 minutes and counting  end result: world domination? oh yeah, its fucking world domination   "
it's good to be alive  thanks for reminding me ginzel 
"3 a's and 1 b  that'll do donkey, that'll do   "
"it's confirmed, the hangover 2 is coming   bill <propmale> to cameo   "
taking j-nigga downtown atx for his 21st  time to live vicariously   
wants to remember what it feels like to be loved  sad  it's lonely and the sun is shinning   
just when you begin to believe this can be a benevolent existence   
shit
pickle mitten   
<propfirst> sheen   cinemic god or just god?
ever roll over at night and wish someone was there the hold you   ? i frequent this ideal   
g's from cb - $15  food stuffs from heb - $25  thursdays at lovejoy's - $2 pint  being caramel coloured in winter   priceless 
"so tell me now what was my fault, in loving you with my whole heart       "
"vino vino  making dinner over algunas botellas de vino  see ladies, men can be refined "
"eyes open, ears eager, legs impatient, all with a will for nature  my first little outting  im off!"
little secrets - passion pit  feel good today and dont forget your smile!
"there is no happiness ignorant of suffering   so suffer me world, and i shall see bliss   "
"i'm running the cap 10k tomorrow, who feels like drinking?"
"ive more important things to worry about, like my life  your complications are defecting my day to day "
