54a2b93520e2d1fb1347e996ac6db5b5
probably one of my best decisions so far since moving to arkansas was finding shelter among my friends than my family  seems is alot harder to repair the past than it is to enjoy what is building in the present  i find strength among my peers and see an more resilliance future when you have such loving and compassionate company  its time to move on      adapt and overcome!
i reject my prior post! something isnt addin up  drama follows me  i just have to accept that  i love you <propfirst>! ~kiss~
the world will just have to wait  its about my love right now  she is in the hospital now and having troubles  plz keep her in ur thought cause its where mine are now  i love u rayray!
my baby is gettin a heart! from the unfortunate lose of one     one may now be able to live out her life at the pace of a normal 24 year old  surgery in progress! to be continued   
<propfemale>'s new heart is in place and pumping  best news so far! <propmale> u all for ur support and  keeping us in ur thoughts  next chapter is the close up and recovery!  smile 
got my first glimpse of <propfemale> since her surgery  still sleep but the very sight of her having color in her face brought tears to my eyes  she looks so beautiful!
as of 10 mins ago   <propfemale> has began to come too and i got a wave from her and a smile  she is 20 mins from getting respirator removed and start breathing on her own!
<propfemale> is talking now  still under the influence of the anesthesia and morphine so 1 2 the things she says makes any sense lol! physical visits start tomorrow! gowns and mask in such of course and from the sounds of it    they are gonna start removing her tubes tomorrow also  she currently breathing on her own and can swallow liquids  she really wants to see her vinny and her mom 
"anestesia has mostly worn off  morphine is still in play but she is having tubes removed  she will only have one \picc\"" line in place to keep the minimal drugs in play and allow for blood samples and test  met with the surgeon dr  randsom and head transplant coordinator dr  huchins this morning """
<propfemale> is eating solid food and drinking non-caffeinated soda (sprite)  got a <propmale> to hold her hand and enjoy each others company  once <propfemale> arrives we will both be going to visit her 
"never forget where you came from,  cause u never know when u may need to go back"
