58bc40f36a4e27da709e767eb923e4d0
"well, like <propmale> i got to watch that awesome movie  way long movie for a person like me, just to let you allknow  wow    anyways i just forgot what i was going to type before i saw his post so umm    taco?"
"if one friend doesn't want to see you again, then is it wrong to disassociate yourself from their friends,though your friends with them too,  to keep the one from having to see you?"
i don't think i know how to hold up my most loved friend anymore   
"now all has been heard: here is the conclusion of the matter: fear god and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man   for god will bring every deed into judgement, including every hidden thing, whether it is good or evil   ecclesiastes 12:"
what a freaky day   
"got told today that fighting your persistent sin that doesnt go away, and living with your persistent sin is two different things    i had three ways out sent to me by god today, and only after they flutter away do i see them for what they are "
"yesterday was an insane amount of drama between three people  and i finally went to god on a subject i should have a long time ago  today is another gift given by god, so why not live for god right?"
"wow  looking over this revelation study <propfirst> has got going  makes me thankful for having people like <propfirst> to turn to when i have questions, and this is making a lot of those  still excited to be learning though! praise god!"
"really wanna go to the movies, but i'm bummed out because i cant take who i want  or well, really wanna do anything actually  i are bored "
"i've tried talking, a personal meeting, and getting the help from friends  ive tried all that is available to me and still have no answers  i give it to god, and choose to wait and pray  i miss you "
"eh, i would just be a hinderance to life anyways  god bless the roads we choose   "
"figured out why people dont like talking about the bible in everyday conversation  when you bring up god, there is an urge to fix yourself that comes about  people dont like it   "
"sweet, its wednesday! hope ic an find a ride to church!"
"happy bday <propfemale>  hopefully gonna get my cash from <propfirst> today and sign the car over to him, and hopefully see his brother  i have no way to get ahold of anyone so darn  i bored  happy bday <propfemale> "
"well, not much to do these days sept praise god and kill time  didn't think getting out of my habits and friend circles would suck so bad  but, its for the greater good i suppose "
"haha, i say that there is noone to talk to and <propfemale> out with and i am swarmed by nine people facebook chatting me suddenly!! haha, god is good"
"i just saw a \become a fan of insomnia\"" three friends like this  what? seriously? how ?"""
what do you do when you realize that you have no relationship with  your parents?
"if we gain by sufferance, we gain most of all  annihilate your conscience, twisting it all "
"oklahoma weather  we got bright hot sunshine here in stilly, and over in <propfirst> it looks like they gettin hit with raindrops not thirty <propmale> away  haha"
"killin time til i head into <propfirst> at five, anyone wanna <propfemale> out?"
"just get pissed cause your never gonna get me! shut up now, and die with your twisted faith!"
only one of us walks away   
"to town to enroll  now, <propfirst> or morrison? i got a math credit to finish  anyways, gonna be rockin round in the truck today lookin for necro an the mullet "
first day of school tomro at morrison  hopefully ill finish in four days or so  thats my guestimate at least 
how can such a small thing ruin such a possibly big future?
shower
"haha, i love ten minute ice-showers!"
"school day one, starts in about an hour  student speculation for this years alt <propmale> program : 3 pregnant couples, two punks, and a stoner "
"alright, so  result of alt <propmale> for today = 1 pretty girl (was one of the prego ones last year) two idiots, my cousin <propfemale> for a bit, and me "
"well, today was good all in all  got stuff cleared up last night a lil, so the morning was good, school passed easy, an i got to kick it with <propfemale> for about an hour, an to top it off my mom made some good food  faith, love, and happiness!"
"oh! i got the iron maiden : fear of the dark   cd from my uncle <propfirst> for the night! new music on the computer, and iron maiden at that! ahahahah!"
"haha, backed out! i laugh at you!"
"zero, and zero, is nothign but zero  cancer, and people, conspire together   running and running, and going forever, collected and sampled you've all equaled zero  come see my cage, built in my grave "
"can you eat away at what defiles me, can you reach into the ichor and pull out the strange  will you sacrifice your life for me so i can throw mine away for nothing at all  will you be by my side when i look up and tell the world of the whispering hate that is held inside?"
"psalm 1:11-12  serve the lord with fear and rejoice with trembling   kiss the son, lest he be angr and you be destroyed in your way, for his wrath can flare up in a moment  blessed are all who take refuge in him"
"that was psalm 2, sorry  2: 11-12"
"hehe, thats awaesome  in under ten minutes of being asked about fearing god i could look up scripture and give atleast 3 examples  god is good to have given us a resources as powerful as the bible!"
why does noone care that god pointlessly killed dozens of people in the old testament for things done that effect noone else?
"i feel, i bleed, i have the need, to take your life for my own greed  you disgust me with your pitiful ploys, so cry as i take your life and all of your joys  oh yes it will end, and you will see the light, but until that candle starts to burn, i will make you scream, flail , and fight!"
"got some <propmale> god-talk on today with my boy <propfirst>, apparently my lack of transport has kept me from some <propfemale> meetings?"
"so, now that i'm required to wear pants in the welding shop, i'm coming to realize just how many jeans i chopped into shorts over the summer, and the reason for the ones i didnt  they're all small! i need to go shopping "
"well, i'm finally on floor at tech! gotta get my boots today "
situation: your on story twelve  someone jumps from story twenty four  sound: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa thud
i think somethings wrong with one of my nuts   
i love my tally!
"got to see <propfemale> for the first time in like 8 weeks!!! that was ubercool!  yea, i said uber  then i got to see my boy hermes! that was awesome too!"
and! i got to see my boy stephens lil bouncin baby boy ball of love <propmale>! for the first time! yesterday! he finally got custody!!!!
"well, god revelation night i guess, found an amazing book that has taught me so much tonight! i'll be sure to throw some stuff on here tomro"
"uh, power  finally? a yiz-to the zizzay! wait, that makes no sense  how about hallaleuya! or however you spell it!"
"you make me want to reach inside you, grab your guts and slowly pull  yellows, blues, and guts of green, i'll eat your corpse, my perversions full "
"get pissed cause your never gonna change me, i got my god and all i need is he!"
"got the net back at home, yay  access to the outside world  church was awesome "
iron maiden is the greatest band in the world!
"so i should be getting a phone today    and metal by <propfirst>, by <propfirst> posehn is hilarious! it's a parody of metal songs  if you hate metal, listent o it "
happy b-day nasty! i'm coming to touch your third finger on your left hand today!
"you've had your fun and played your games  now let me be, for we are not i, for i am one  and i see our line "
"rah ah urrah rada, radanada rah dah rah dah harrah urrah rah raah!"
"arrahda rah dah daraddah urrah darah raharrah! urrah rah ah urrah rada, radanada rah dah rah dah harrah urrah rah raah!"
"umm, i'm a porn <propfemale>    i think its a requirement for me to have my shirt off   "
what? yoga? of course i'm down for yoga!
"so, paranormal activity with tivo is awesome! you get to watch the drag scene like, twenty million times! its not scary yo, but it is hilarious"
"played a dota for the first time in like a year, and remarkably i came back and got a monster kill!!!! wow, it's amazing how good i am at everything!"
"so, no getting in trouble this halloween  i'm gonna sit at my friends, kill some zombies, and play a few dota's  very quiet relaxing halloween    now if only ill actually commit to doing that "
"wow, lots of birthday wishes over the weekend  thanks guys  to all who are concerned, my birthday was good  sat inside and killed some zombies  bout all i can ask for right now "
"i think that tweaker stole my phone last night  i put minutes on it about an hour before that too  yay for the luck, right?"
"so, is it wrong to want to fix a friendship that got ruined because the relationship didn't work out? why do people run so hard?"
my first sonw ill be named aeros anisayd fel ruun sun howell! yay 
"so, i've looked at my friends list and found out that i have a lot of people on there that i don't really call friend , and not sure if they care whether i live or die  so, i'm out to cut down that friend list  bye bye peoples! if you get cut, and think you shouldn't have i guess message me, but i probably wont care  "
"well, friend cuts are done  if you get this message then yay  if not, then yay anyways, for it really doesn't matter "
i just cut my friend list from something like 116 to 64   
"so  to clear some stuff up  if your still here your either a  family  this includes all of you, smith family, or rather both smith families, and a few people from my church  b  a possible friendship that i would like to see try to grow, but will probably cut you later, or c, just a person that interests me with humour, insight, or philosophy-like thought patterns "
i will be attending church on wednesday  (providing the cops dont arrest me this time)
"the person who cares the least will always be in control of the relationship - anonymous    so, being the type of person i am, one who devotes entirely to a relationship, i will never hve control?"
"well, to continue making my coffee table present for a friend, or to go to church    i think i wanna go to church  yea, definately church  "
"mmmm, pace picante, <propfemale> <propfemale> megathin tortilla chips, mtn dew, and some chocolate cake   "
"whats this? i'm sleepy? like, where i think i can possibly sleep, which i havent done since sunday    but its mid-day, and i have a coffee table to make, but powertools in the sleep deprived is usually a bad idea    why do i argue with myself so much?"
this mono-emotion of happiness and devotion is hopefully spreading the notion that my lifes had a promotion into gods loving ocean!
"just cut another twelve or so people from my friend list, its getting quite small!"
i'm alive - by i think its pocket ful of rocks   that is amazing!
"to do list :: find a postage stamp and mail a letter, write a letter for another person, get some wood-stain and finish the coffee table, and get dimensions for a pantry "
what are somethings one should build their lives towards if they have no direction?
"wow, new megadeth is freaking awesome  this day we fight is the best song ever!"
"how many times have you wanted to kill  everything and everyone, you scream you'll do it but never will!"
"madness is a plague of the mind  but if one self-identifies the madness that is growing within them, does that give them the power to control it and tear it apart and keep their sanity, or does the knowledge of the madness in oneself cause paranoia to develop and cause the deeper plunge into madness  as if by knowing that your losing it, and trying to stop it, get wrapped up in your head and truly lose it all?"
"people, i do not do mafia wars, farmville, or any other little gay app on here, please stop sending me gift requests, pets, donations, guns, whatever it is that people send me, and lots of people do, please stop  i dont care "
"hmm, i got my phone turned back on  so yea   "
evile-infected nation
"an though i scream i tend to mumbleand in the dream thoughts all jumblegreet your fears, come be humblewatch insanity fall and crumble"
"todays plans:: kick it with necro and nasty, swing by my homeboy faggles house and chill there for a minute, and hopefully find a dota clan by the end of the night  zombies, dj hero, dota, dbz and cod:mw2  all goin down!"
"well, i have nothing to do after 3 smile 0 today  darn  also, i somehow managed to turn one of my eyes green over the weekend  they both turned slightly green, but only the right eye changed into a solid <propfemale> green, for about 7 minutes i'd say  caught myself hypnotized by my own eyes in the mirror "
i'm lucky to have so many beautiful girls in my life!
"hmm, i think everyone on my friends list shoudl take a close-up of their eye, and send it to me, that way i can have a massive eye collection album  be wary green-eyed females, if you do this, i may stare!"
"so, i have received a beautiful eyeball pick from someone, but now my lack of facebook skills ish olding me back  how do i put it as mine?"
ever watched two blondes lick razor blades then make-out? oh yea 
"i can't control my shakes how the hell did i get here, something about this so very wrong "
"lifes currently boring  i believe it is time for a radical change-up of friends, habits, and habitats   smith-marshal family, are you all going to be home at around 5ish? i've been trying to get ahold of <propfemale> but she seems to not be responding, i need my oil-pastels, if she still has them  might see you all today "
is cannibalism something that one could put on their bucket list?
"attention family and friends - read this and then re-copy it to your own status to get the word out: if you get a notification that says a friend reported you to facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service, do not click it  it's a virus  please post this on your own site for your friends "
"hmm, off to shower, then time to take some phtos to document the hair-length, and then i guess into town "
"someone told me i should post on facebook more, so heres a list of some boring activities of the day that noone should really care about me doing ::: find, sharpen, and use limb loppers on the front fenceline  several small cedars growing  find a rope or a leash for my new pup  some laundry  and then i guess kick it?"
"got on a mig welding machine for the first time today  it is ridiculously easy  within three welds i was matching the \mig pro\"" of the class """
"it still amazes me  how wonderful god is, and how he can come out of nowhere and punch you in the face, making you cry irrationally infront of all your friends on any given night  whaddup lord, i'm listenin!?"
"so my moms house burned down today  also took second in district weld contest  lost by 4 10 of a point, out of 600  we bombed written test  "
happy late bday <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
"dragon ball z  period  that's it  nothing better, nothing else needed  just pure dbz action  go!"
"my zombie slaying skillz >>>your zombie slaying skills  notice, mine is with a z    it makes all the difference young padewan  all the difference"
i do not play farmville  at all 
"aaw, wish i could talk to my bex  "
i need a driver to take me to the city this weekend  i need to hit up the mall and get some clothes 
"oh, by the way guys, god is awesome ! he does so much, don't put off the miracles he is doing for you or what he is saying in your hearts"
if i was gay i could totally get off to this pic of me   
"oo! everythings turning green! the showers bring the flowers thing, i dont care about flowers, but they come with springs, and i am excited for spring!"
"awesome day, saw some church friends, played some games, rode a bike, <propmale> out with duck an gabbs, an jesus loves me, what more can i ask for "
"aaaw, i want to talk to my bex   "
hah! like you even have the moral character to make a match with me 
"alright, everyone  i need some pics of <propmale>  anyone got any they can throw up on facebook?"
"sitting, waiting  could be fishing  but that can wait "
"watching \where the wild things are\"" and am not impressed """
when everything falls apart    
"greater things have yet to come, greater things are still to be done here!"
i'd write you a love song if you wouldnt take it as hate
"woosub! come mop up some pubs with your clan, yo! i'm thinkin a rhasta-ursa lineup "
i need someone to occupy my day and take my attention  i just might be done killin nazi-zombies for the present time 
waiting on ya girl   
radah urrah ah ah arrah rah rahrrrada!
nasty nasty nasty!!!! dude!!! its always <propfemale>!!! new season!!! you know what this means right   
"so, i'm camping this weekend  i dont know where, but if your down let me know "
alright guys   i think i have to admit it by now    i have a zombie addiction     34 calls   
"so, like  i guess i've graduated? yay?"
"how do you continue to fight for god, when all  your fellow children shrug off the responsibility of looking to him, and have fallen to the failed themselves "
"so, guys   i got some sad news    we had five attempts at zombies last night, and not one made it to round twenty    what happened?"
"wish i could be in town  i've blown off this girl for like 3 days, not of my own accord  but now shes gone, so, i still need to fill the \social\"" void of living in the country  somone come get me!"""
how do you teach someone morals?
<propfirst> headbutted my axe an split his    wide open! haha!
she said don't hesitate to kill what you hate thats inside of me  it doesn't matter if i give a s*** its s**** that you gave me
"so, theres another phone in my possession  1405-612-6027   its a txt phone"
phone hasnt had service all day  whats up?
i don't lie and i'll answer any question asked three times  whaddup 
"i'd rather you be dead than consider opening my own restaraunt  dethklok lyrics ftw! (for all you emo's, this is nerds for the win, not f the world)"
"massive party at campsite saturday night, will become a byob if we get too many mooches  come along all, message for details on guest list or how to get here "
"i don't know why this surprised me, but everyone has a facebook    everyone   "
yay for finding <propfemale> lemons!!!
"thanks everyone, was a pretty good day!"
"what up gangsters, my left shift button doesnt work "
anybody who is anybody who says they appreciate music youtube <propmale> <propmale> -1970     its a drum solo 
g-zus!
what up yos! ready for the snow-fall?!
campsite party friday night? what?
"mikey:: ha, your sitting by a famous gook! me:: i'd still use him as a sandbag in nom!"
"prayer warriors needed!! can't really give out details, but a friend of mine is in a struggle and she needs the prayer! please lift her up and pray that she finds something to take her mind off of her struggle! thanks!"
"can't even find music heavy enough to change my thought patterns  you'll never see me far from grace, but wow do i hate the pain avialable to people and the sorrow it causes "
