2c664e60f7a30d1df646d4359066ebdc
is so excited for this year!!
is ready for a new year!!!!
gangstas nerds dance party whaaaattt??
1 left
chillin like a villain
is glad that semester is over!
snow!!!!
cobrastyle!!!
"its where i keep all of my things; i get a lot of compliments on this  plus its not a man purse, its called a satchel  indiana jones wears one "
is back to the springs!!
enjoy the little things
"i am a mountain  i am a tall tree  oh i am a swift wind sweeping the country  oh i am a river, down in the valley oh i am a vision and i can see cleary"
back from 15 <propmale>  ready for a nap   
went to sams club and got some free samples haha
loves long naps!
just got home from class    and he got out early
"books came, direct from <propfemale> and <propfemale>!"
is going to get a hampster?? oh craigslist   
imma go hard!
stop changing facebook!!! lol
round twoo??
aww man haha what a night
just burned his thumb cooking bacon  owwww    was it worth it? too close to call right now the bacon was delicious
"almost lost <propmale> <propfirst>!! glad you're alright little <propmale>, scared me for a sec"
let it snow
yeah <propfemale>!! 6-0 after ten minutes
just ked and enjoyed some fresh baked chocolate chip cookies
just baked and enjoyed some fresh chocolate chip cookies
usa!!!!!!!!!!!!
show me how to live!!
mustache march   here i come haha
has been thinking about somethings in his life and how they need to change before its too late
knows he has to study but it so nice outside!!
loved cruising around today with the windows down and the sunroof open!!!
"70 to snowing, i love you colorado!"
is about to go hot tubbin outside!!!
realized how much he misses playing soccer tonight!!
it is dumping snow outside!! i am glad i made it back to the springs before it started!!!
off to class   
"we are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it on and on and on we are calling out and out again never looking down, i'm just in awe of what's in front of me"
ahhh its so nice when class gets cancelled   
so bad and so good at the same time
why do i procrastinate <propfemale> much? haha
good day of softball to round out the week
oh what a couple hours in the library can do to you    anyone want to play frisbee later??
rain!
just wants to sip on hot cocoa and watch movies all afternoon! anyone want to join me??
csu tomorrow!!
is going to the park  smile 
had a good day at the track   feels good to be back
"team <propmale> finished second in the ultimate tournament tonight, losing 6-7 in overtime, good job guys it was a lot of fun!"
so my first day of summer started out with snow?? haha ok
oh what a night
ugh what a day!
anyone else doing the bolder boulder?
"loves commercials on late night tv, how else would he know about the irenew bracelet and barkoff!"
boulder tomorrow!!
yeah celtics way to represent
loves lazy days
"nice run through sand creek today, now for catering tomorrow morning"
"hey girl you know you drive me crazy, one look puts the rhythm in my hand"
hates when every day becomes repetitive  anyone wants to do something spontaneous??
pike peak hill climb tomorrow!
had a great weekend
listening to the amazing sound of a thunderstorm!!
today is a great day!!!!!
all moved into the new place!
so much rain
if you dont know where you're from then you don't know where you're goin
brought <propmale> back from the mid west!!!
"so much to do, so little time!"
"had a great hill workout this morning, came home to find some big deer grazing in my backyard, and now i am getting paid to check facebook and getting ready for the school year to start!"
what a great day!
"would like to congratulate the winners of last nights intermural floor hockey championships, back to back champs, and shout out to his xc teammates for a solid workout this morning  keep up the good work guys!"
oh man    what a night
dirty girls like dirty beats
the 2010 cross country season is officially under way
"im talkin my thoughts, might make it look easy but it aint no walk in the park  i got everybody looking and everybody watching, wanting me to fail but failure's not an option "
just fixed pizza in his oven!! it only took 7 weeks   
"tests out of the way, nothing left to focus on except for the shootout "
"say it, if its worth saving me"
from sunrise to sunset
is not sure what to think about the clouds and snow on pikes peak
washing park  tomorrow 
had a very productive day  watched shutter and ate cheap chipotle burritos with the roommates  smile 
t-minus 66 minutes and it begins!
what a great day
"throw up ya peace sign, index down"
   
nothing like a twelve hour bus ride to norfolk nebraska!
frustrated and disappointed
and the rapids are officially the best colorado sports team    who woulda thunk it?
"our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate; our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure  it is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us "
with the end of the month come and gone i would like to post this in memory of a solid four weeks of growth  http annoyed  www biggerbetterbeards org 
remembering the fallen heroes from 69 years ago today
is lovin this weather
back in the 303
passed his fluids lab with a 90 01!! thats an a- hahah
disappointed with the amount of snow in colorado springs
the germans were not pleased   
obama can't gymkhana
liked the weather yesterday until it got cold today
bouldaa
such a nice day outside    and i'm stuck at work
don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the <propfemale>
groundhog day! haha
forgot how awesome line rider is! oh procrastinating at work   
its starting to feel like winter
"shoes, shorts, inside-out t-shirt and 15 <propmale> of trail  its a good day "
man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore
kearney nebraska!! woo hoo
ugh   
i try to say goodbye and i choke   i try to walk away and i stumble
runnin o' the green tomorra  needin some luck of the <propfemale> aye
mustache march!!
"to understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already achieved, but what he aspires to be"
"oh gold camp, we meet again  too bad i brought backup in the form of $4 dennys all you can eat pancake breakfast"
pretty lights
"to dream is to live life’s full potential  in life, i think our aspirations should guide us\even if there’s thing we could never provide or be beside"
headed to la early tomorrow and then to a new 5k pr on friday
loved the cali weather but is glad to be back in the clean colorado air!
nuggets!
gets off work  at noon then goes straight to the next job today and then another job tomorrow
<propfemale> light runs are amazing
16 surprise 6 converted 5k at conference today    its a good start but there is still some hard work that needs to be done
summer begins with snow! sounds like this year will be full of surprises!
"making money, selling textbooks, packaged in milk boxes   i think yes"
alone at work   someone come talk to me  ill even park your car for you!
nothin like 80 minutes as the sun goes down
watching 24hrs of nuburgring and getting paid   score
"destruction leads to a very rough road, but it also breeds creation"
just did a hill workout in the rain   awesome!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!
the only way of finding the limits of the possible is to go beyond them   into the impossible 
usa!!
man havent ever seen it rain this hard in springs before   starting to think valet wasnt such a good job choice
he's going for speed
"driving porsches, eating ice cream, reading magazines, while getting paid   man this is the life"
epic workout in the rain
make your own luck
and it all begins tomorrow
im gettin paperrr
"heartbeat running off to the races, trying to stay calm but im running out of <propfemale>, cause im on my way  see i already crossed that line, i feel my e playful ression go blank  now i cant feel my face cause im going going gone"
"had a great weekend eating smores, playing <propfemale> pong and having quality some team bonding in the mountains!"
"come to the nerd side, we have pi"
on this day in 2009 i had a sick diving catch playing ultimate! thank you facebook
"well i feel this is the time to rise, to show the world what ive got inside"
"another one in the books, good workout today guys  the road to spokane starts in 4 days   "
"looked through my pictures today, man what a crazy 3 years it has been    and ive got another year to go, i can't wait! shout out to my friends who were there, you know who you were!"
"has been putting in hard work since nov  21, 2010   tomorrow will prove that"
"over a minute knocked off of my time    another solid day down, 56 to go"
such a nice day outside today!!
"national talk like a pirate day matey! you can too, for ye loot   arr!!\\1  go to account settings\2  click \edit\"" on \""language\""\",2c664e60f7a30d1df646d4359066ebdc,"peacing out to spokane in the morning for the first 8k of the season, so pumped!!"
"back from spokane, what a trip!"
"to understand the heart and mind of a person look not at what he has already achieved, but what he aspires to be "
"wow leaving home at 6:45 am, running 8 <propmale>, working 9 hours, and not getting home til almost 12 hours later is exhausting    but can't beat free chipotle and getting paid on your lunch break!"
have a lab report i need to do and somehow i end up on facebook    what the heck?
"what do you get when you cross a big grass park with a forecast for wind and rain? cross country season! the worse the conditions    the better, bring it on colorado!"
almost got trampled by a deer in my backyard on my way back from class   wheres a shotgun when you need one??
"another great workout this morning, and its such a nice day out!"
"life is simple when you run  nothing matters  it’s your time to clear your head  \think of absolutely nothing  nothing matters but you  the constant beat of your feet \hitting the pavement keeps you focused on nothing  the nothing that i love to escape \to after a long day  life is suffocating   i run to breathe"
conference in less than 24 hours! watch for the the yellow and black!
regionals baby!
is flying out to spokane in two weeks for the national championships!?!? am i dreaming??
"leaves for spokane in the morning, ready to do work with some of the best teammates i could ever ask for!! <propfirst> english <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> <propmale> <propfirst> weaver <propmale> <propmale> <propfirst> feldotto"
