c95eb9bda850f4b747926a7573335db0
happy new year!!!
"new years  dinner yummm      cabbage for money, beans for health, ham for luck      sure gonna eat alot of all of it"
have to do a ton of dishes   sad 
i kno  i dont kno half the people on here but pls  pray for my mom  she  is probly going to  have to  have  heart  surgery  sad 
working on this  stupid history project    this project makes me hate <propfirst> <propfirst> for  writing this song lol jk     also filling out apps  sad  ahhh why cant they just give me a job lol
eh  i  hate  going  back to  school after  a  long  break     u  always  stay up  too late  the  last  night        school  till  10 smile 0 then  drs
stayed home      not sleeping in though       getting some stuff done
i  cant  deal with this  flipping  project any more      it is  wat it  flippin is ! > playful 
missing  my love      mom  is  geting a  heart cath the  29th    bored     cleaned my room  it looks  nice  busy  all day cleaning tomorrow  sad       i no feel so great    probly  goingto  go to  bed  soon     
uhhhgg  dont wanna get up  i kno i have to clean       ur not  sopost to  clean on saturday  sad      i have  a  headache
i love you  <propmale>      eating   some  <propmale>  noodles       hope that  makes my  tummy  stop  growling  at me     
"in loving memory of every cancer patient, family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer, and the one's who continue to conquer it! put this on your <propfemale> if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy and paste this  i did  will you? april is cancer month"
wow talk about a bad day      sad (
have you ever thought about some one all day and couldnt believe no one could see how much your in love with that person and need to be with them?
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of theunited states of <propfemale>, and to the republic for which it stands surprise ne nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all repost if you think our country and our flag deserve respect! let'ssee how many americans will repost"
my daddy  got  a  job  hes comming home for  aweeek  b4 he  starts      house  closes the 11 of june !!!!!  laugh   excited to  move
y daddy got a job hes comming home for aweeek b4 he starts      house closes the 11 of    http annoyed  chatter com a 8kpod?ref=nf
school starts  soon  so  excitred !!
i wanna switch schools     teacher are  sopost  to  want to  teach
dont you just hate it when someone  treats you like your stupid?? i do   makes me feel like i cant do anything for myself and im just an ignorant person    i kno im not but still makes me feel that way  sad 
yay today  was  good all except that cheese  hot  dog lol   got all my  hw  done at  school and  all caught up in my classes   im happy with the  essay i wrote  for english    i'm proud of myself  smile 
going to  church sunday   smile 
i hate bug bites !!!  hope i find some good  books at the library later   space chimps is  funny !!
get my  fake  baby  tomorrow !!  excited       i love to  find old friends that were  lost !!  smile    test  tomorrow in speech    finally got  signed up for sats  getting  some stuff in order lol
i swear as much as i wanna be a mom im gonna suck at it  sad   not  going to church tomorrow     dont feel good at all
"hey if anyone has an old verizon phone they're not using anymore u should totally send it to me my phone is dumb and doesnt work any more\\read more: http annoyed  home myspace com index cfm?fuseaction=home#ixzz0y0aairfw"
hey if anyone has an old verizon phone they're not using anymore u should totally send it to me my phone is dumb and doesnt work any more
hey if neone has a verizon phone they dont use nemore they  should totally send  it to    http annoyed  chatter com a j0yz3?ref=nf
hey if neone has a verizon phone they dont use nemore they should totally send it to m    http annoyed  chatter com a j0z37?ref=nf
gotta sell necklaces for <propmale> club    my goal is at least 50    2 down 48 to go
"if your dad is or was your hero, your best friend or just the best dad \ever, whether you are blessed to still have your dad with you, or if he \is an angel in heaven, copy and paste this into your status and let \everyone know you are proud of your dad and that you love him dearly"
"going to church, kinda dont  wanna  go  but  got  vounteered  anyway"
if you want a senior pic of me let me know  in a message i need to  know  how many to  get    
let me know if  you want a senior pic in a  message i need to  know how many to get    http annoyed  chatter com a kgnnn?ref=nf
let me know if you want a senior pic in a message i need to know how many to get    http annoyed  chatter com a kgnu1?ref=nf
let me know if you want a senior pic in a message i need to know how many to get    http annoyed  chatter com a kgoiw?ref=nf
hey  let me know in a msg  if you want  a  senior  pic of me i need to  know  how many to get !!!
hey let me know in a msg if you want a senior pic of me i need to know how many to get !!! going to ball state tomorrow  smile 
hey let me know in a msg if you want a senior pic of me i need to know how many to get  need to know by like next saturday!!!
i just dont see why we seem to be fighting lately    what am i doing wrong? how can anyone work through anything if they dont recognize and confront them?
going to grandmas     <propfirst> <propfirst> festival tomorrow  smile 
"duck tail run was awesome!!! had fun with grandma    have some speech hw to  do     im sick, stayed up half the night coughing,  going to  the dr's thursday  thank god"
i get a new  phone  that  actually wors  on  wed!!!!!!!!!
i got a phone tht works now !!!
went to the dr  man  didnt know  how  sick i was  got liek 6 new meds lol
i dont understand how the simplest thing can  put doubts in someones mind    maybe its a sign? things dont feel right any more
"your phone number is now on facebook!! no joke    go to the top right of your screen, click account then edit friends  go to the left side of your screen and click phonebook  everyone's phone <propfirst> are now being published  please repost to let your friends know this is happening so   they can remove their <propfirst> by changing their privacy settings  (privacy settings-phone-customize-only me)"
"sats on saturday    wow im tired and confused a little i sopose, sad to  today wasnt a very good day"
i hate being jealous ! i know its wrong for me too  be and i have no  right  and i  hate that  feeling   but fair is fair 
why does it hurt to try to be happy? why does being fair hurt ? why does this feel right but at the same time hurt so much ??
just got done with sats      god  that  took forever
long day eating some cookies     had an apple and chicken <propmale>   i hope his day gets better  sad 
yummy steak and apple juice !!!!
speech tomorrow  nervous as heck    giving blood too so gotta eat breakfast  sad   and my grad stuff is due tomorow  wow lots to  do lol
home today was good    im hungry
home  grandma's comming later     im hungry
"sick sick sick being sick sucks, missed church today"
i hate being yelled at <propfemale> i did nothing wrong!!  and i hate freaking viruses !
dr soon getting picked up @ 1130!!! im hungry
going to have dinner with family i havent seen in a while  tonight flu shot too yay
i love family its great  to see family thats been gone a while
yay  got my  computer  back  smile 
omg i carved my first pumpkin today and it was awesome!!!
i just finished my senior pics      i did them myself  smile  now all i gots to  do is get them  printed and start sending them out!!!!
omg i  got an interview tomorrow !!!!
well an interview on monday    i meant monday lol
"just kinda thinking  a bit sad      funny how one piece of information can ruin a holiday so full of fun      working on my bullying project, i hope the interview goes well tomorrow  maybe a job will help take my mind off things      i hope"
"gave out <propfemale> and dressed up it was fun i love little kids on holloween!!!     an innocent smile from a little kid will always melt my heart  smile   love , interview tomorow pray i get the job    i need it"
interview today!!!! yay  tired dont wanna get up going to sleep in first      too early another hour is all i ask
"i feel like my interview went great! put in some more apps  i hope i get the job, and possibly  another  if  not  that one"
i dont know how i feel  relieved yet sad      i think i did the right thing      i hope     i prayed about it and it feels right so i hope      :-  
i feel a little depressed today deffinitly a little tired
my family is so fucked up !! y cant they see that they do fucking treat me different ?  my sisters is such a spoiled fucking <propfemale> she needs to grow the fuck up !
"ive been thinking that giving everything up was a big mistake, but i know in my heart it’s the best thing and im trying really hard to trust god and give him everything but its harder than ever before  i mean if he loves me why is he taking you "
hey any one from <propfirst> going to fca tomorrow morning if you are can you give me a ride ????   i live in the heights
ugh dont wanna get up  sad   bad day  already  had a weird night       a poster fell on me while i was sleeping        brrrrrr its cold outside
hey any one that goes to  <propfirst> that isnt in key club  should give a key club member  all ur pop tabs for <propmale> you should save them!!!
"i hate when people double have standards   they do one thing and e playful ect you to do another, when  they did it for real and u were just talking hypothetically   how am i so different from you ?  why could i not make a mistake as well am i a saint?   no far from it     you make me sad  sad "
pray for me to hear god clearly and to make the right decisions in my life
got a headache that could kill      and i still have kitchen to do    imy      not going to church tomorrow maybe next sunday      i am helping clean the <propmale> room maybe    
heat in my room wowhooooooo!  got bunch of dishes to do  sad   but other than that  everything is done raking my grams yard soon  smile   i love leaves its gonna b cold though lol
ughhh dont wanna get up     raking leaves after school today
didnt rake leaves  tonight so now i have to  do them tomorrow    wasnt feeling good so i took a nap and over slept now its dark  busy day tomorrow now  at least its wednesday 
"off to student counsil, then school , then  tutoring,  then raking the leaves i didnt  get done yesterday lol   fun fun  smile "
"the worst feeling in the world: your family eating dinner without you \feeling: unwanted"
inbox only  tell me something you always wanted to tell me  it stays between me and you  put this as your status and see what <propfemale> get ! (like this and i'll tell you my first impression i had of you)
raked  leaves  today     and  picked them  up        more raking tomorrow  yay!  sad      not     it was hot today     chores to do and i need a  shower that dirt made me dirty      who -da thought lol   that was lame yes but  what ever im lame     im only  cool online !!  laugh 
done tutoring got a migraine    im hungry  and tired    im sopost to  rake the rest of those leaves today
my first  college acceptance today!!!!!  i could  go to ocu!!!!  laugh  that a  college im  really intrested in !!
cleaned all day then stayed out  so freaking late last night  man im still tired this morning lol oh well finally a day of rest llol
done tutoring !! yay     im hungry now
got accepted into iwu  smile 
drs appt  tomorrow  and printing some pics  smile 
"sick this morning ,  had a horrible dream,  and have a horrible headache  sad "
tired  drs diagnosis: sinus infection      get my senior pics sat   eating some taco <propfemale>  smile 
"tired going to walmart soon, i think  working on my uncles wedding present"
happy thanksgiving !!
just seeen <propmale> potter      sad  poor dobby  i cried
dont wanna go to school tomorrow      had a dream of an old  friend      havent seen them in a while havent <propmale> out with them in like 7 years     wow didnt even know i was thinking about them
     breathe just breathe  control your temper and dont strangle your mother
i believe in true love     i believe its out there some where for every one  i kno what i have is real    so love has to be
that was a blast !!!  fun fun fun  laugh    reading chicken soup for hte teachers soul its pretty good  smile   lots to do tomorrow    i can start on my presentation  smile 
a little bored so i wrote a note i think it fairly good you should read it if you get the <propmale> 
redbull
"just posted a note i think its really good     i think god deffinitly has a plan for me and i think he's showing  some of himself in my notes, its not me who is writing its my heart and im glad he's in it   i love god! he's amazing isnt he   smile "
trying to think of the teacher that influenced and impacted my life the most    
posted a note   i was looking through old documents and i found it i wrote it awhile ago  but let me kno what you think pls ???
off to do some scavenger hunting  after breakfast with mrs dishon  laugh   so glad its today !
i thank god for every thing and every one he's blessed me with  smile 
i understand now why god blessed me with  all these material items and friends      because he knew my family was too much for me to handle alone and all the time     i love my friends and my music thanks god for giving me ways to deal with all the fighting
thank god!! my dad broke his ankle ( not good ) but we thought he was gonna loose his job  but the people at omnisource  are amazing and angels from god     and made a way for him to keep a paycheck comming in   smile  thank you god you bless me in so many ways
"i can't wait till i go off to college  just for the simple fact i get out of this house away from these people who make me feel like crapi know life isnt fair but its as fair as you make it  im not a freaking maid that was put here to clean up everyone elses mess, i hate this     i wish i were some where else if only they knew how much they hurt me   words and all    "
my family needs a divorce       and therapy     
hope that the family meeting last night helps  we got alot of new rules and stuff were going to follow it will help for sure if we follow them
hanging with my mom and sis
addiction is a horrible thing it really is  it hurts  not oly the addicted but everyone around   not just drug addictions any addiction
"got accepted to ball state and <propmale>ville university  got an $11,000 for acadimics at <propmale> ville university !!!! im proud of myself  i got accepted into every college i applied to  laugh "
just got home stupid phone keeps dying   sad 
im doing it <propmale> im sry i just i cant take her any more sad 
this shit is retarded the worst  fucking  break in the histry of anyones life !!
why do people just push u till u break    its nice to know god is there  even when i forget to ask him for help
getting ready for christmas dinner tomorrow  smile 
excited for the family dinner tonite  yay!!
dinner was  awesome i love hanging with the  big family  laugh 
sometimes too much  family time is a bad thing
yay got my  dvd writer installed     ready for the new year!
thinking about cutting my hair  wat do u think
omg people are still good  smile 
cutting my hair      and dying it        im nervous its been  over 3 years sence i cut my hair
"got my hair cut man i look  different, and  dying it right now   hope it  doesnt  turn out too bright"
hairs done should be pictures up soon
ill up load my pictures on the first
thinking about uploading pics tonight not  sure really bored immma  go  watch  dr <propfirst>
i didnt know indiana had earthquakes lol
well now i can't fucking sleep 
i hate this  i cant stand to hear her name
yes god speaks at the craziest times     but sometimes those are the only times we truely listen
listening is easy its following directions that painful   
"don't feel like getting up and going to school , i dont feel like doing anything  but laying in bed and sleeping to forget how i feel"
stayed home today  any one know  if we had home work in weicht class  and mr spitlers ?
friday  smile 
donating plasma next monday !!!  on a water drink diet lol
just thinking      
thinking  and tired   
stupid npr's   sad 
idk whats on my mind i feel so confused
went to church had fun smile 
on\\n*paper angel*
well im tutoring  after school everyday  now thats  $50 a week for tutoring and $50 dolars a week for donatin plasma  thats $100 a week!!  great part time jobs huh  playful   can pay for my senior trip in 6 weeks  smile   btw those who ordered  candles  they will be  in  in a few  weeks  should be  before  march or the 1st week in march  smile 
"hey any one  that  lives in  kokomo, tipton, or windfall wanna  sponser me  for fasting at the  ten-31     we are trying to raise money to buy a chicken farm for a family over in hati      it would help tremendously  you have till friday night  just let me know asap if you would like to and ill come get the money no certain amount anything you want to give is appriciated !  checks accepted too  smile "
# day weekend this week end yay!!  going to ocu this saturday  sad  wish critter could come then staying the rest of the weekend there     drs tomorrow
