c2c141d383aecab2bc5d8844ab016b86
life is full of hope 
want some people to added me!
sister is moving out tomorrow
my sister is offically moved out
probaly going to twirling today  laugh 
eating spiderman shaped <propmale> and cheese! =p
happy 4th of july!
happy 4th of july!! fireworks at 10! yippie!
doing stuff twirling doing stuff after
"by raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you can't sink in quicksand who knew?"
serving ice cream on <propfemale> pie was once illegal in kansas  who knew??
<propmale> potter at 7 smile 0  i am exicted!!!  laugh 
busy tomorrow  hair cut water park <propfirst>s show  cant wait to see <propfirst>!
loved <propfirst>'s show  laugh  you did great! too bad i didnt see you after the second show  sad  but i am glad i saw you!
loves twirling                     
omgg just became a fan of mit   my dream school  laugh 
r u ready to sit in the car for 4 hrs!? i know i am!
camp sunday-friday grandmas friday-thursday
gone for 2 weeks tomorrow
offically home  smile 
hanging with people today! yippie!
phone broke  sad 
my phone works!! what a miracle!
 smile  6 days
i scream       ice cream!
good morning  off to go play tennis  smile 
bored  smile  anyone what to <propfemale>?
went swimming  smile  might have friends come over wednesday  smile 
3 days  smile 
off to the doctor for shots! oh what fun!
cheer movies friends 
"august 20th, 1996 "
"the more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique"
life's a climb    but the view is great
cedar point tomorrow!
anyone going to the game friday?
watching wolverine and the x-men 
ncis      best show ever!
does anyone know this number? 7342771866
anyone going to the game tonight?
a rib a day keeps the vegans away!
"stowe,brigman,green,and dicks "
on the second best team in the 8th grade!
"homebase:green,1st-4th: dicks green stowe brigman 5th hour: gym-barrett 6th-tornquist"
cheer was fun!  laugh  too bad i was hit too many times 
eating fruit   laugh 
anyone going to the game tonight?
ready for the game! got a cheer bow in my hair and a <propmale> shirt on!
anyone want to play uno?
"it is the possibility that keeps me going … and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, i believe that anything is possible "
go broncos!
go broncos!
"in west philadelfia born and raised on the playground where i spent most of my days chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool and all shooting some b-ball outside of the school when a couple of guys said were up in no good started making trouble in my neighborhood i got in one little fight and my mom got scared and said youre moving with your aunte and uncle in bel-air"
hmmmm   i am thinking about going to tis school thing everyone is talking about 
homework  sad 
whistled for a cab & when it came near the license plate was fresher den da dice in the mirror! if anything i would say that this cab was rare but i thought man forget it yo homes to bel-air 
homework for brigman  text me  laugh 
go michigan!
dory: i think he said he was a root beer float or go to the back of the throat!
ballet was interesting! i re-pulled my hamstring!
have dance from 11 smile 0-1 smile 0   laugh 
alegbra homework is offically apart of my life 
anyone pumped for the new ncis!?
"cinderelly, cinderelly!!"
more ballet 
football game today  torture tecumseh 
cold sick 104 push ups at the game 
little mermaid  playful 
dance  smile 
ther-a-band exercises are so much fun!
legally blonde: the musical was good!  laugh 
going to paint run-through sign for tuesday game!  laugh 
why is whenever someone says idoit i turn and look?
ready to see the pharaoh tomorrow!?  smile 
vampire dairies jocked twilight 
got the braces off 
"as darkness comes along, the <propfemale> comes out, and the stars begin to shine  my eyes begin to drift and it is time for me to sleep "
meeting new people is breath taking 
i am going to bed
"kush, the best word ever, kush "
is kush
is happy 
aren't b sessions so much fun!?
going to see new <propfemale>   laugh 
new <propfemale>  love 
i got blue socks today!
doesn't the whatdrivesedward volvo commerical make you laugh?
"i dislike when people mean \what\"" they put \""wat\"" """
why is it 8th grader are so    amazing!?
"says \ouch \"" even though you werent even hit """
happy thanksgiving!
fact: wii is addicting  (they may need to start a wii anonymous)
text me  laugh  though i might be playing the wii 
doesnt wearing fuzzy socks make you feel alot warmer?
ballet  text me 
random fact: my pointe shoes are squishy 
"today, i fainted and woke up in a hospital  my mom drove me to the emergency room  the doctor said i had a panic attack  what did i have a panic attack from? bidding on ebay  fml"
anyone wanna <propfemale> out over break?
good morning world and everything wonderful about it 
wonders why we don't have snow!
<propfirst>'s tomorrow   wink 
<propfirst>'s with <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
how can <propfemale> travel the world and her parents not care?
<propfemale> christmas! happy holidays!
don't you love it during the beginning of a scary movie you are always freaking out but when they are killing everyone you can't stop watching?
fact: i am wearing my pj's inside out tonight 
"\your mom is so stupid she goes to gucci and trys to buy   prada!\""- white chicks"""
why do teachers make everything seem harder then they make it easy?
"did you here? at <propfirst> swayze's funeral, kanye west grabbed the mic and said: \ <propfirst> <propmale> had one of the best funerals of all time!\"""""
"don't you wish school was like it was back in pre-school, crafts, snacks and naps?"
you were an alien which planet would you hail from?
"letters in world war two sent to men in the war that their woman was getting married to another man or breaking up for someone esle at home was called a dear <propfirst>, letter "
"i'm <propmale> from where you are,i lay down on the cold ground i, i pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms"
"love is more than three words mumbled before bedtime  love is sustained by action, a pattern of devotion in the things we do for each other every day  <propmale> sparks"
plans to see usa hockey win the gold tomorrow 
mexico brought four competitors to the games  good luck getting them to go home after the games 
school  smile 
do you want to see my secret freckle??
(? ???o ?? ???? ?sn? '?q?q ??o ?? ????
"i just found out that my last name is <propfemale> haha, i really am <propfemale> "
wonders why when watching mtv music videos some are in spanish  ?
i don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain look for the girl with the broken smile ask her if she wants to stay awhile and she will be loved she will be loved
"pshh, the glitter from forever 21 still hasnt come off   wink "
dont you feel stupid when you watch a movie because you thought it was going to be good but it was a waste of time to watch?
when you see a mosquito do you end up slapping yourself randomly because you thought you felt the mosquito even though it wasnt really there?
dont you feel dangerous when you cross the street without looking?
is it sad when my goal is to join 200 fan pages?
don't you feel super smart when you know the answer to a jeopardy question?
dont you love the day when you can go outside without a coat?
don't you love when its 32 in the morning then 64 then 32 again all in one day?
when is it ever a good time to have homework?
don't you love the fact that it is almost the day we leave for d c ?
don't you love the fact we have to be at the school at 4 am?
don't you love to look at photos and think when did they take that one!?
don't you love when your computer freezes you just start hitting random buttons?
"don\t you love when you have the fan in your room on but your too lazy to turn it off so you use a blanket?"""
don't you love that you use to pick weeds because you thought they were pretty flower but now its yard work?
don't you love how it can be <propfemale> out and still need to wear a jacket?
don't you love when it rains how all the worms come out?
don't you love when your neighbors give you a weird look when you are outside doing something?
don't you love when you get soap in your eyes and you try to get the soap out but put more soap in your eye?
don't you love when you find a movie on the television guide and you wait all day to watch that movie?
don't you love when you go outside and then you notice how pale you really are?
don't you love when you realize you truly love all your friends?
<propfemale> loves <propfemale> & elanaaaaaa  smile 
"<propfemale> next i time don't leave your facebook up in technology  smile  \\loveeeeee,\<propfemale>!  smile "
don't you love when you have a sunburn and it hurts but you keep touching it?
don't you love that the farewell dance is almost here and i have a dress?
don't you love when you can come home from school and just sleep?
i eat worms everyday
"dint you love when you have been to 3 states in one day? arkanas, tennessee, and mississippi "
don't you love when you can sleep in on a monday?
don't you love when you can sleep in til noon and <propfemale> out all day?
airplanes!  smile 
finally back in the eastern time zone!  smile 
so did anyone feel that earthquake?
"remember when drawing on the sidewalks with chalk was fun  ? yeahh, i still do that   smile "
so my dear chives has died      soon to be getting a new phone soon 
how is it that i'm in walled lake but don't see any walled lake?
why i'm i up this early? for          band 
one pair of capezio pointe shoes sewed one more to go 
apparently july 3rd means shoot off fireworks for hours unkown 
who knew that in daylight people shoot off fireworks 
apparenly fireworks look better at night  smile 
why is it you always wake up when you smell food?
i learned a trick to make mosquitios blow up!  smile 
who knew the <propmale> of banging on stuff could be so awesome   smile 
"i feel so smart, i have answered majority of the questions on jeopardy and they are right!"
don't you love that it's my last day here and i haven't finished packing?
don't you just love when you are so sore it hurts to walk?
woot woot today was a sleep in day i got to wake up at 7:45!
isn't great that on my break from class i am sitting with my legs up so my feet dont swell? should've went ymca camp  hahaha  wink 
i have offically missed two episodes of pretty little liars what has ballet camp done to me!?
can't wait to perform and go home tomorrow!
is finally home from cca (ballet camp)  performance was a very good one at that 
don't you love when you have to clean your room to go to someone esles house?
rolling hills was a blast with <propfemale> <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
"yesterday don't matter if it's gone \- - -rolling stones, \ruby tuesday\"""""
isn't sad when your skin gets a shade darker it goes from white to pale?
you know your a great cook when you almost burn pizza rolls   smile 
over the river and through the woods off to band camp we go   smile 
my plans of doing nothing all day have failed; going shopping 
don't you love hanging with friends getting frosting and chalk all over you?
plans of doing nothing all day have yet failed again 
"i am truly skilled at napping, text me   smile "
"i love when everyone compares their tan to me, so they feel better about it   smile "
is slowly going to die of boredom 
"is it strange that when i think friday the 13th, i think anti-wanda and anti-cosmo?"
dislike the fact that everytime i listen to the radio bad romance is always on 
don't you love when you end up smacking yourself in the face because of a mosquito?
"mission failed, <propfemale> agdorny  "
loves not being 13 anymore!  smile  thanks for all the birthday wishes!
"come home go to sleep, wake up at 4, and i am still tired "
"today i walked around ypsi, got hit with a balloon, talked to a random stranger, backhanded someone, and hugged this dude "
"<propfirst> mcfly: doc, we better back up  we don't have enough road to get up to 88  \dr  <propmale> brown: roads? where we're going, we don't need roads "
"bored, text me?"
"waking up at 6:50 to move my sister out, act like an airplane, a train, and a pig, plus getting mcdonalds was worth it   smile "
"is <propfirst> bieber hot or ugly? oh, the converstations i have with an 8 year old "
isn't krabby <propfemale> a fancy name for a hamburger?
"so, offically i have all the frosting and silly string out of my hair, thanks to my wonderful friends   smile "
"this be my classes   smile  1st hour: u s  history-calhoun, 2nd hour: chemistry-makarewich, 3rd hour: spanish-mata, 4th hour: geometry-holden, 5th hour: varsity band-schwegler, and 6th hour: english-lopez "
so how old is spongebob really?
going to the futbol game with <propfemale>   smile 
can anyone e playful lain to me why school has to start?
"i miss the days of the suite life of <propmale> and <propfirst>, not on deck "
hanging with <propfemale> & <propfemale>  love 
is it sad that i don't know where half of my classes are at?
why are people asking me for algebra help when i barely remember it myself?
so why does my day keep getting worse and worse?
my mood just keeps going down hill 
"auditions today, hope everyone does a great job   smile "
"don't love when you have just an amazing day, filled with magical wonders?"
don't you love those moments when you break out into random song?
don't you love when you can go home after school and do nothing?
don't you love when you get to see that amazing person you miss?
don't you love those days where you dont spill acid on your lab partner or yourself?
tell me why i agreed to go to this dance called homecoming?
was blown away tonight by an amazing guy who asked me to homecoming   smile 
"going to the dance beat staying at home, had an amazing time with my wonderful date <propmale> finley  smile "
tienes <propfemale> novia?  smile 
don't you love those days where you feel so smexy?
dont you love when there is a spider on the computer screen and you try to kill with the mouse?
anyone remember watching <propmale> phantom?
"not a happy camper, next few days are going to be rough   annoyed "
happy hump day!  smile 
i'll go with the flow and do the like my status and i will tell you a truth 
listening to <propmale> cook just makes my night   smile 
goldfish in a waterbottle   mind blown  that made my day   smile 
did i invitie you to my bqq? then why you all up in my grill?  smile 
"aside from my elbow beating beat up by a band locker,vomiting, needing to vomit at school, taking a geometry test, chemistry quiz, and stressing out i found 20 dollars in my pocket today   smile "
woot woot!  smile  no vomiting today! <propmale> out with my boo thing all day 
i have guts all over my hands!?        pumpkin guts!  smile 
do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers? no  they eat the fingers separately  smile  happy halloween 
dont you love when you're in the best moodfor days?
while falling two times in class tonight was appluaded and laughed at along with me laughing at myself   smile 
so anyone want to do my geometry homework for me? i know you want too   smile 
"so i am sitting here watching jurassic park 3 thinking why did they make 3 movies of just screaming and running away from some dinosaurs, didnt they learn from the first one?"
<propmale> and cheese at 9 am? i say yes 
back to the future seriously the best and most quotable movie ever   smile 
only if i liked lemon flavored starburst 
text deleted  flowers in the garbage  offically done 
shall it be a good hump day!? i believe so   smile 
so lets all just stop and take a chill pill   smile 
waiting to write a whole lab at 9:12 at night for tomorrow not the brightest idea 
"6 slices of pizza, 2 pieces of cake, cheese bread, jolly rancher, a brownie, and a burger <propmale> meal later and i am still hungry   smile "
when will this never ending sickness go away from the beginning of october!?
"me, food, and a oven equals a fail "
according to my best friend my name is <propfirst>      smile 
"me being who i am, i woke up 6 this morning and started to get ready for school "
why do we fight to perfect and normal in this unperfect and abnormal world?
sitting watching go <propmale> go  i think three yr olds know more spanish than i do 
lord voldemort's nostrils nose just turns me on   smile 
"every guy should be like <propfirst> from teen mom  yes, because he totally got a girl pregnant at 16  he is a real winner   smile "
"a glass bottle, can opener, and me  not the greatest combination   smile "
when i have a kid i am going to buy it all the new toys  cause secretly deep down i know i will want to play with them too   smile 
i freak out about a mouse in my house and my first reaction is hurry got to facebook about this   laugh 
i wish my <propmale> charming was like the beast from beauty and the beast  so inanimate objects with come to life and sing to me   smile  or aladdin he is cool too 
out of boredom and curiosity of who will like this  i must admit    
it looks like christmas e playful loded inside my house   smile 
what does the average ohio state university student get on his sat?  drool  smile 
"hmmmm, cranbrook or no cranbrook next year? thats the question "
i don't think he had his breakfast this morning  best quote of the day   smile 
a series of unforunate events   annoyed 
"hey you! the lucky person reading this pointless status  you just about wasted 2 seconds of your time, but i accomplished my goal  your reading my status   smile "
so i know you wanna go to the nutcracker tomorrow   smile 
"pretty pumped for tomorrow  so surprise me and show up tomorrow for the show, the 2010 nutcracker by the ypsilanti area dancers!  smile "
my dog is chillin' at the human society tonight   annoyed 
the misfortune of having slide grease in your back pack is almost mistaking it for chapstick   annoyed 
watching polar e playful ress  listening to hot chocolate reminding me of marching band   smile 
highlight of my day consist of me falling flat on my butt in the main hall   smile 
big chill game with <propfemale> graessley ? i say yes   smile 
i really want some head-on so i can place it directly on my forehead 
giants vs  minnesota game tonight? i say yes 
"looking forward to this wonderful, marvelous, fantatsic day at school   smile "
super pumped for this band concert!  smile  in t-minus 2 hours 
the <propmale> of gift wrapping must have skipped a generation in my family 
"even if it looks like there is no ice, i still advise you not to run   smile "
"don't you love going last minute christmas shopping with your sister, <propfirst> <propfemale> carpenter ?"
"i love getting weird loves from old lady's at the mall when i talk about <propfemale>, candles, and church all in one sentence   smile "
gingerbread house competition  my house  be there or be square   smile 
typing this status via my ipad   smile  <propfemale> christmas 
"boredom drawed me to do this   smile \thing is   "
my hair smells like my grandma  it's alright because my grandma smells good   smile 
2011 in t- 11 hours and 22 minutes   smile 
pep band music playing for the night equals success   smile 
sleeping in til past 12 and i am still tired 
accepted in abt alabama   smile 
i love how i spend my weekend looking up greek mythology   smile 
"advice for all you smart people, if you're going to go outside wear a coat "
it's official i am buying a light up suit from the  black eyed peas halftime show 
"along with not being able to put a down payment on my mute and feeling like a jerk today, i have a bruise appearing on my cheek  oh joy   smile "
friday 9 surprise 0 pm it lost all life in the the bottom of the screen  saturday 9:15 pm he lost all life in his screen  poor chives the 2nd  you were a great phone  hopefully your light will come back on 
proud owner of a droid 2   smile 
why is it i always run out of conditoner before shampoo?
when did the wiggles go from singing about fruit salad to wannabe rockers?
bowling tomorrow? i think so   smile 
"tonight, i learned that boys can not bowl   smile "
what has the world come to? i have found myself playing pokemon 
don't you love when you want to talk to someone but you know they don't want to talk to you anymore?
had to stop playing pokemon due to the fact my hand lost feeling  fail 
anyone taking physics next year?
i thinks it's time to head up to <propmale>'s to get me a hot dog   smile 
good weather=great mood   smile 
for once i shall be rooting for michigan   smile  western vs  michigan hockey game tonight 
getting a red <propfemale> slush from sonic is the highlight of my weekend   smile 
"was the only rooting for duke at <propmale>'s, while surrounded by u of m fans "
"i feel like when you take a nap, you end up missing a lot of things "
can we all cut the crap? just live life and have fun 
do i make you smile?  laugh 
facebook chatting on my phone!? what is this? so cool!
why is it every time i play the sims my sim either dies or is depressed?
"what if we in our minds analyzed everything we did, as we did it? breathing, walking, talking  things that come naturally to us "
"if you could know the consequences of your actions or decisions before you made them, would you still take the risks?"
"can one be anger with another for not talking to them, or is is their fault for not approaching them?"
"hanging with <propfemale> graessley then skyping with <propfemale> agdorny, my night is complete "
happy birthday <propfirst> bos!
talking to someone til 2 in the morning really messes up your sleep schedule 
