4a89af36b986d970d0ed1d34235e7d12
"\does the word hammered ring a bell?\"" happy new year!!!"""
salute 
a strong man doesn't need to know the future  he makes his own 
send zero back to nothing     
had a very good day on friday 
freshman band camp monday  haha to bad i dont have to go until the week after that!
it's always darkest before dawn     i hope 
when all else fails    call an airstrike 
officer on deck! salute!
"wait, is it misleading to have short hair and have a profile pic that has long hair?    i think not!"
if all else fails    call an airstrike 
well i'm off to take over canada     they have had it to good for to long 
competition today!
"if you want peace, prepare for war "
"if you want peace, prepare for war "
when you hear the banjo music    that means run 
la-li-lu-le-lo
it's time to nut up or shut up 
"it's not about changing the world  it's about doing our best to leave the world the way it is  it's about respecting the will of others and believing in your own  this is good, isn't it?"
"going out, be back later "
just had a <propmale> point of realization in my life 
i'd shoot you but it might create a time paradox 
i love the fact that i work out at 1 in the morning   
doom on you mr  tango
<propfemale> x-mas!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!! happy now   
who are the patriots?!
conspiracy theories are fun to discuss   at 4am 
woah   damn
did you just see that! the colts just got f'd in the a pretty badly with that last play 
saints!!!
would you kindly?
"do the impossible, see the invisible "
i think everyone can agree that shutter island was a beast of a movie 
going to work bingo 
nooooo!!! what the hell!!!!
got contacts 
i feel like someone kicked me in the head   
wait for it   wait for it   bam!!!
the little kids at lazer tag were so short they were shooting me in the balls   worst part is that they actually go me out 
i can't e playful ress how much i hate midnite bingo   
i got a ps3!!!
happy easter!
shock and awe
the losers=epic
those damn tacos messed me up   ugh
well   i'm stuck in richmond at the moment 
well i tore my quuad muscle   
this rain   it's heavy   dare i say heavy rain!!!
acdc makes iron man 2 even cooler 
at first you don't succeed   call and airstrike 
noooo not <propfirst> <propmale>!
i got a new 2009 honda crf230 (dirt bike)!!!
"<propfirst>, i hardly knew ya"
wooooooooo!!! it's about time!!!
"england vs  united states\who will win??!!\odds say england   "
well the iphone 4 sure has a lot of hidden problems and at&t is starting to suck   
"your mind is a weapon  your mind is a blanket against cold  a shield against fear  it can beat heat, overcome hunger, eradicate pain  you can train your body to turn soft flesh into hard muscle  but if you want to know what it takes to earn the beret, start with what is under it "
"happy 4th july!\gotta love illegal fireworks!"
in florida
"if you can't swim it, jump it, shoot it, or hump it you are better off with out it \-former <propfemale> force recon"
"ga fflwndi henydd o´r fuddi goliath um wirril sydd, traed o flaen rannwn,ynygwy bodaeth <propfemale> go dwn ni "
well shit   
i just woke up   
ahhhhh!!! sunburn! so  much  pain   
"we cheat death   from his rightful victory \feet first, into hell   with the knowlege   that we   will rise!"
i don't know how i feel right now but i know i need to get my head right 
cryptic? metaphor!!!
"the later i stay up the more \interesting\"" my news feed gets   """
"night airsoft, be back around 12pm or so "
"this is for the record  history is written by the <propfirst>  history is filled with liars  if he lives, and we die, his truth becomes written - and ours is lost  he will be a hero  'cause all you need to change the world is one good lie and a river of blood  he's about to complete the greatest trick a liar ever played on history  his truth will be the truth  but only if he lives, and we die "
it's showtime!   jk it's bed time 
my sleeping habits are becoming bad   
watching kung fu hustle and loving it 
i need to stop waking up at 2pm  i feel like i just got falcon punched by <propmale> noris   
so much manly tears   
      -      -  -  -    -     -- ---  -          - -  --- -     --- 
i put a waiting order in for the iphone 4 so i will get one soon   in the next 2 weeks 
my day is not going so hot right now   
watching rambo: first blood 
"oh the times, they are a changing "
arrrgggg!!! stupid mellophone!
icey hot   ahhhh 
hit it and get it 
itunes makes me want to shove my fist through my laptop   but iphone 4 is pretty ba 
things are about to heat up and i'm not talking about the weather 
"to hell with surf and turf, i just had turf and turf "
"if you find yourself in a fair fight, you didn't prepare for your mission properly "
i hate that damn banjo   
life is pretty good right now 
water balloon time!
"it can't be outfought\it can't be outdone\it can't be outmatched\it can't be outrun!"
doom on you mr  tango 
faites-moi <propfemale> sandwich!
football!!!
i saw a helicopter earlier today blasting the song fortunate son as it flew over my house   it was amazing 
"thanks, i see how it is now "
can't sleep   
cheeky bastard   
how is it that every band picture i'm in i look like i'm on crack   
i think to much   
mega man!!!
grand champions! wooooooo!
got my permit!
best birthday ever   nuff said 
caution: while on the marching band field watch out for flying stairs 
man   i haven't been this calm and happy in a long time 
"in this proud land we grew up strong \we were wanted all along \i was taught to fight, taught to win \i never thought i could fail "
i can't get my mind off it   
"i think i dropped my wallet outside the band room and when i went back to look for it it wasn't there  if anyone sees it, tell me "
"one wallet gained, but pride lost   "
i don't really know about myself sometimes   
band competition today  get some!!!
they wanted it and we brought it  grand champions!
"this is good, isn't it?"
it's one of those time where i feel like sitting in my back yard and listen to music   it's actually not that cold 
<propfirst> <propmale>'s senior night   huh   go figure!
i'm going to put up one hell of a fight for this 
"went for the most intense dirt bike ride today and managed to get blisters on my left hand, get my shirt ripped off by a tree and get cuts on my arms and shoulder, but we did manage to cover 10 <propmale>  today has been an awesome day!"
ready to rip the competition down in <propmale>!
back in lexington 
had an awesome weekend!
oh the times they are a-changin' 
woke up at 5 surprise 0am and feel'n awesome  going down to mtsu for the last band competition of the year  we got this!!!
i've gone well over 24 hours with no sleep   my feet hurt 
it's funny how something bad can happen and then one person can come and make you feel better  life is a funny thing 
black ops just blew my mind   damn   
"started up at 5:20am, saw the sunrise, and helped clean a deer  good day so far!"
about 30 seconds away from putting a bullet through the freak'n bongos i keep hearing    damn stoner rednecks   
coming home today   but i am coming home a champion!
happy thanksgiving!
"\i did not tell half of what i saw for i knew i would not be believed \"""""
people keep telling me that it's like i dropped off the face of the earth    what?
42 inches of win 
i just fell and slid down my street   
i hate clouds!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
why is gran torino such an awesome movie?
what the hell is wrong with me   
"where the hell did the snow come from?! i looked outside one minute and there was less than a centimeter, now there is almost an inch   "
just got the living hell scared out of me by my alarm clock and i actually fell out of my bed but that doesn't matter because no school!!!
bros    nuff said 
just watched the green hornet  i see why people loved it   it  was  awesome 
ehhh   
they've given you a number and taken away your name 
i'm so angry that i'm actually shaking  i'm done 
it think there was a misunderstanding with my last status     laugh 
"this is why i don't take naps  layed down on my bed at 7 and woke up at 10 thinking \wait what!?\""    not to mention missing the uk game """
it snows in lexington and rains in richmond  just my luck   
late night white castle run 
when fergie started singing sweet child o mine i think i died a little on the inside   
i still say last years half time show was better 
packers!!!!!!
just got chased around a car by a fat asian kid   
i feel like hell   
well crap   
