5ca399c1cb40f8b00f89e69cd93c7d96
nothing is on my mind 
theres no such thing as luck!! !!
"\lover of the day\"" cheap shitm they just choose out of your fuckin friends!!"""
"i hate lover of the day, its shitty lol"
get rid of it!!
"i think i want food, i want food!!"
"nice <propmale>, scare her lol"
watching some movies until my lady gets back!!
the names lover boy  smile  nice to meet you 
<propmale> for the help <propmale>!! love you <propfirst> !!
wants to see the boys kick the falcons ass so bad!!
"since im made out to be the bad guy, i mine as well show you how bad this guy can be "
"are we, what a few weeks from christmas and everything is making everyone stressed, and hate each other? can we be civilized for once?some of us have lost people who arnt around for these memories and would like the comfort of family in order for that to happen theres gotta be the people of a family willing to put things behind themselves,forgive and start loving each other again everyone deserves a second <propmale> "
"<propmale> garcia: \brb my mom made delicous green bean casseroll -_-\"""""
"are we, what a few weeks from christmas and everything is making everyone stressed, and hate each other? can we be civilized for once?some of us have lost people who arnt around for these memories and would like the comfort of family in order for that to happen theres gotta be the people of a family willing to put thin   gs behind themselves,forgive and start loving each other again everyone deserves a second <propmale> "
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a performance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a performance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a per   "
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a per   formance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a performance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a performance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a per   formance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a performance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
"where my eagle fans?they cant will never be able to even breath the same fuckin air as the boys  green jersey wearing scrubs have no game for the boys in blue safe to say eagles got outplayed,and mcnabb str8 took it up the ass!fuckin fruit cake, westbrook did shit,nigga runs like a duck anyway oh and jackson what a per   formance,how many yards he get?im pretty sure no one even knows the answer to that  shut down d!"
iight people  im sure you guys are tired of seeing the same post ive been posting all week  but no worries cause when <propfirst> wins  imma have a lot more to say  smile 
go eagles!! haha  how bout them eagles huh??
"shut down!! shut down!! shut down!! eagles are a mess lol!! i hiope they have a great off-season, cause they gunna be there for a while  "
d-a-l-l-a-s   <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfirst>!!
ts go rvens lets go!!fuck the pats  who ever said they can veat the ravens is  well just watch the game  smile 
ima draw suttin  then post it here  tell me if yall like it  if you dont  then dont say anthing because your negativity is not needed  juss be on the look for a drawing  laugh  by <propmale> <propfirst> <propfirst> dias  the first   annoyed 
drawing:  yosemite <propfirst>
yo sem-sem  was what i was feelin   im feelin good right now  i might go for another  who knows huh??
someone give me another cartoon   i have nothing but time   mine as well draw   lol
its all juss too damn much  
"this time, i'm taking it slow  "
yanks can't <propfemale>  laugh  because its all about the  *b* !!
cavs can't <propfemale>  laugh  because its all about the *b* !!
i need me some real friends  this is horrible  sometimes i wish i could juss push a button and make everything the way i want it  
"\it is what it is\""  """
new bedford knows whats up!! frozen food all day!! -_-   
fuck it   i wanna know how people see me  copy this into your status  and see what people rate you  smile  ? 1) crazy  2) i'd marry you  3)  talkative  4) sarcastic  5) i miss you  6) club head  7) moody   smile dumb   9) mouthy  10) spoilt  11) random  12) hot  13) funny  14) fit  15)  amazing  16)tough  17) cute  1 smile  gf bf type  19) player  20) i love you   smile ? 
i feel  one with peace  exactly the way i need it to be  
"you lose friends, you gain lots more!!"
it was my gut instinct  boy oh boy  
nap time  
im set out for something  something big  you cant have the cake and eat it too  that juss doesnt happen  
im bored  i actually wanna gtfo of ths house  lol  but its gross outside -_-
"see, im not uch a bad guy  annoyed "
"being nice              never really did anything for me              hasnt, didnt today  and wont tomorrow  nor the next day  "
second str8 walk off!! woooooooo!!!!!!!!--shower  
second str8 walk off!! woooooooo!!!!!!!!--food  
second str8 walk off!! woooooooo!!!!!!!!--
???(?_?)???
???(?_?)???- trying to calm down  feeling sick   -_-
???(?_?)???-feelin better  laugh 
???(?_?)???- nap
???(?_?)???--bored pissed shower  
???(?_?)???--not even in the mood for foolish shit  
???(?_?)???--home early  
???(?_?)???-- jammin out  annoyed 
<propfemale> <propfemale> healy <--------hottest girl in school--------> get jealous  laugh d
im gunna try and make the best out of this weekend  
im gunna try and make the best out of this weekend  who wants to chill later??
walkin home from my boys house  be back in 2o-3o minutes  
"well, home  shower  "
bed  
fooooooooooooooooood!!
"tryna hit up montees to play ball, havnt played in mad long  surprise "
gunna lay down now -_-
extra innings!! go sox  win!! lol  
having some chicken and eating it too --extra innings!! go sox  win!! lol  
wow  fuckin 4 pitch walk for our loss  fuc*i* bull-sh*t
i wanna play basketball!!
moving a bed with my boy  he gives me friendship  i give him a bed  everything works out lol  
  bored  
lol  every time i hop on this lame ass website theres always at least one girl crying about how guys  all guys to be specific are the same  when its more like  the guys they deal with are the same??  lmao  its the guys you deal with that are the same  its what your attracted to  blame yourself  not us  
"running away from the truth wont make you stronger  facing it might juss do the trick??\fuck those who run  sooner than later they get tired  "
life isn a <propfemale> tale  get that through your damn head!!
you will be lied to  you will get hurt  thats juss a big part of the damn picture  the other part is where you accept that its life and beyond your control  
people are my enemy  
people are my enemy  cut me a smile  
from hot to ice cold  goin to take a shower  
"from hot to ice cold  goin to take a shower  confused, angered  wanting to officially escape from everyone  "
"better off alone  confused, angered  wanting to officially escape from everyone  "
headache  
chill here and watch the celtics fuck shit up?? or who wants to play some ball??
"ha  had mad fun today  thanks fish, thanks <propfirst>, thanks t  "
=finding shit to put on craigslist  lol  sorta busy  hit me up anyway  laugh 
want a ps3?? with games??   25o and its yours  madden 1o  nba live o9  boarderlands and mag (shooter game)  again  25o and its yours  hell of a deal people  
want a ps3?? with games??   25o and its yours  madden 1o  nba live o9  boarderlands and mag (shooter)game)  again  25o and its yours  hell of a deal people  
want a ps3?? with games??   25o and its yours  madden 1o  nba live o9  boarderlands and mag (shootergame)  again  25o and its yours  hell of a deal people  
shower
food  
ok?? what now  
it is what it is  gunna go lay down   watch the sox and the c's  
guess imma have to wait it out  
nap  then have to study  
juss got up  nice 3 hour nap  tryna study this shit  
home  
shower  
clean  
bout to go cook  
anyone who doesnt go to voc and wants to go to the after prom hit me up  i can only bring one person !!
"live, love and forget lol"
laundry  
i promise to try my best and not cry at graduation  annoyed 
more laundry  laugh 
"more laundry  laugh  bangin out, tryna play ball today  laugh "
"i can say what i wanna say, aint nuttin to it > smile "
"at least now i can go along with my boring day now, lol  "
gunna make a cheeseburger :  [
gunna make a cheeseburger :   
celtics  got this  woot  woot  
celtics  got this  woot  woot  celtics!!
lol  this isnt a surprise  not at all    laugh 
lol  this isnt a surprise  not at all    laugh  all night!!
c's
c's then bed  
i get to go to bed tonight pretty pissed off  
watching me some house  as i fall asleep  g night
"juss why  going to bed  g night \good luck chuck\"""""
up early for no reason  goin to lay back down  
guess im up now  
cant handle this bass  laugh 
oh man  juss fuck   -_- worrying abou <propmale> would prolly be the best option for <propmale>  feel like kickin everyone in the face lol  laugh 
"everything matters  the little things you do, the small things that are done  everything matters  "
gunna go make myself some breakfast -_-
breakfast has  been served: french toast  eggs  sausages and  bacon!!
head aching pain   ouch  anyone wanna play ball?? cp or bwp??
crying  lol
headache  chillin with the sister  
hittin up the registry  then back here  
ok  registry isnt open   -_-
juss tryna get away from the list of people i see everyday  store  then w e i want  
juss got home  its nice out!!
im your genie  you know who you are  you have two more wishes  playful 
4 more days of muhhhh fuckin schoooooool!! i cant believe ittt   fuuuuuck  
lets go suns  dont fuck up my prediction  which <propmale> had no input in  lol
a rod  k o'ed by k rod  hahahaha!!
nothings on tv  bout to go to bed  
juss got home  nice and sweaty from ball  laugh  -- watchin the c's in the living room  peace out!!
c's all day  chillin  laugh 
weeks startin off good  i like!!  laugh 
bread and butta baby  smile 
fuh thuh breahd annn butta   i leave nigguhs in duhhh guttah!!  -thats how he g's type right??  am i close??  annoyed 
gots mad ski-toe bits on my shoulders for no damn reason what so muhhh fu**in ever  
back to the c's!!
garnett  fuck em up dude  cmon  haha  shiiiit  c's!!
"lol  someone come talk with me and see if im \being bipolar\""  i juss dont see it  """
c's kinda ruined the excitement  still love em though  goin to <propmale> for their win!!
c's kinda ruined the excitement  still love em though  goin to <propmale> for their win!! g night!!
home to eat  buttonwood  then home  shower  usa channel lol  then chillin  2 days left of my school years  i feel good  but sad :[ lol  
sore  juss the way i like it  laugh  --
damn  im mad fuckin hungry -_-
lol  yes!! down to two  life got easier  lol
shower  
dirty boy gone clean!!
have another headache -_- ahh  
have another headache -_- ahh  layin down  
today was a good day  
fuck this  whos goin to buttonwood??
fuck this  whose goin to buttonwood??
<propmale>!! noo  wtf  now thats scary moises  shit  
i signed out of greater new bedford regional vocational technical high school  man  
school is one prollem out of my way  now  theres the life of responsibilities and  girls -_-
either wanna chill  play ball or sleep before the after prom  lol  
im happy!! lol  
dance to this beat > smile 
theres this chick named <propfemale> right    annoyed 
taking yet another nap  its a must!!
fuck the nap  movie time  
man  last night  this morning was pretty damn fun   class of 2o1o !!
prolly the best time i'll ever have happened last night  this morning  now for graduation  not tired  not sleeping  yet  
iight  time for bed   had mad fun  do again if i had the chance  g night!!
up  
im already lost and dont know what to do now that i dont have school -_-
lol  rondo  
nate who??  oh damn  lol  
welcome to the good burger  home of the good burger  can i take yah orderr!!??
nba finals: celtics and suns  
watching me some law and order  
tampage <propmale> lost!!
graduation day !!
ok  graduated  no more training wheels?? nothing like that anymore?? lol  congrats 2o1o sr's  we did a great job!!
happy birthday tobey !!
"if you have \nothing nice to say, dont say it at all  if theres nothing nice to \say  the truth wont be told  "
lol  
confused!!
c's are losing ??    no   thats what they want you to think !! go c's !!
we gunna catch la dirty  finals is a total of 7 games  
"nice  thunderstorms  i like them so much i ride bikes in em, with purpose of course  "
uuuuhhhhp  win tonight  two more wins  goin up a quick 3-1   word!!
oh wait  next three games at boston  thats right  4-1 boston  smile 
you know what  fuck them lakers  god dammit  wheres pierce  wheres r  allen??  fuuuuu  ck -_-
grocery bag  
<propmale> doubles!!  <propmale> doubles!!  laugh d
>>>--c-e-l-t-i-c-s-->  love   love 
"ayo lakers annoyed     ???(•_•)??? all boston celtics fans pass it on!!!"
well  someone!! isnt on -_- back to pstree
beach  surprise 
goin home tomorrow  lookin forward to that  she knows why  playful 
its hot  and i feel it :[
"dont hit me up asking bout other peoples bullshit  i want nothing to do with anything anyone else is saying or going through, i got my own shit to deal with  for those who need a reality check  grow the fuck up  pronto  "
dont hit me up asking bout other pe…
"dont hit me up asking bout other peoples bullshit  i want nothing to do with anything anyone else is saying or going through, i got my own shit to deal with  for those who need a reality check  grow the fuck up  pronto  "
uhh yup  shower time  
uhh  yup  shower time  
eating  
couldnt finish a bowl of rice and meatballs??  somethings wrong  
idk why i do this to myself  but i put myself in the most difficult and stupid situations possible  the only way to change that  is to change that  
its hot again  i hate this lol  
get up and get on already -_-
back to sleep  
wish it was cold  wheres my best friend when you need it??
i need to leave this place  somewhere far away  awa from everyone i know  
i need to leave this place  somewhere far away  away from everyone i know  
dawn  i wanna go to the beach tomorrow!!
dawn-ashlie dias  i want to go to the beach with you and <propmale>  laugh 
gettin ready for the beach tomorrow!! you know that place your parents always used to take you when you were younger and you visit it when your older!!  this is that time!!
gettin outtah the house  away from everyone  im glad  pece the fuck out  
in fuckin shrewesbury  lol  til saturday  lol  word  laugh d
ok fuck faces  im up  that means we talk  
we get it  l bron went to heat  its not gunna slow the c's down  we gunna bust right through em  laugh 
great graduation party  those who claim to be my friends can suck my dick  thats from the heart  
ghetto surround sound  man  lovin it !! chronicles of riddick !!
"happy birthday pj  \paul\""  \""paul\""  \""paul\""  \""paul\"" lol  i acually kinda miss that class  annoyed """
yessah!! job interviewah!! woo  laugh 
cartoons!!--your favorite!! name it!! i'll draw it!! take a pic!! and show it to you !! im in the mood to hit the sketch book  laugh  help me!!
<propfemale> rego  chuckie is complete  sorry it took mad long  mutha fuckahs on aim hittin me up  cause you know  im cool like that > > ''
not even the smartest people on earth can teach common sense  
"if men are dogs and women are bitches  please tell me  wheres the \difference  only difference is the sex  other than that they are no \better"
jersey fuckin shore!! ahah!!
snookie dropped the chicken!!
work til 4  say what?? <propmale> got a job  wow!!
"work, bbl  "
"if i gave you my heart, in the deep of the night, would you hold it like a candle giving you light ?? : |"
"you can stay, get you're ass beat, yo can stay and get you're ass beat, you can stay and get you're fuckin ass beat !!  laugh d"
grenade free <propfemale>!!
<propfirst>'s got heart!!
<propfemale>!!  laugh d
"snookie: wanna fuck??\\vinnie: sure  \\snookie *belch*"
mvp night  its not mvpa?? lmao!! fuuuuck!! lol
emily  stop poking me already  lol  i only wanted to poke you once without you poking me back  now stop -_-
<propfemale> <propfemale>- stop poking me  
over my uncles  having some fun lol  my uncle is crazy  laugh d
tolerance will get you through these days  but these days you need a lot more  
coo coo cachuu!!
bow-chikka-wohw-wohw!!
if your good enough to open up someone elses eyes before opening your own  youd be surpised in what you can make yourself see  
"::words of--yours truly:: more people should listen instead of being naive, thinking they have every piece to the puzzle  take a step back and allow someone else to put the puzzle together  take a step back and allow someone else to put the puzzle together  and instead of finishing the puzzle all by yourself  and having no one to show it off to  the people you have to help you build the puzzle, can share the view  "
can the sturdy bird fall off the curb??
i do what i does  
will the tide rise beyond the sky??
"ahh, aint nuttin better to come home to a nice fat twinkey and strip down to thy boxers  laugh d"
jersey shore!!
"<propmale> <propmale> is a fag, hands down  "
food cant be cooked in that house without getting dropped or ruined in any way::jersey shore  the curse of the fridge!!  laugh d
i am what i is  
"i juss got called a disgrace for being half black, any good mood i was in, is completely demolished  "
"tv, laundry, cleaning, moving around my room  laugh "
dawn-ashlie dias  hit me up when you see this please  thank you kindly  smile 
"i love boobies, keep a breast !!"
"celebrating my sister's birthday today  4 days later  she's 21  and thinks she can <propfemale> with the big dogs  boy oh' boy, this will be a very fun afternoon  love you <propfemale>  playful  lol"
what was i thinking??
hear that beautiful noise in the skies of new bedford??  smile 
i wonder if any fights at voc have broken out yet  haha  i feel like going to spectate now  laugh d
"i'll stand for nothing less, on every stand i can  "
"we walk alone, in the unknown--we live to win another victory, we are the young, drying sons  we live to change the face history!!"
<propfirst>'s mom  has got it goin on !!
"patriots didnt win, they escaped  "
playing some madden!!
its important i be at work for 1o  this morning  and my fathers car won't start  yikes  mom to the rescue  
went 24 hours without sleep  yesterday!! and running off of 3 right now !! gettin ready for some football!!
in my life  so far  i've come to learn that  no one is equal to another  and there are better people than others  no we may not get treated as one  but only treated as deserving  
don't be mad at me  be mad at yourself  for being garbage  
best friends become strangers  
real people is people  real strength is in the streets where everybodys equal  
everybodys talkin bout what everybodys talkin bout  why not juss talk bout something not everybodys talkin bout  hows that for talkin??  laugh d
<propmale> is really telling <propfemale> bedtime stories  at 12 3o at night  lets see  spaceships  breaking  and  flashbacks??  oh jeez -_- lol
new phone    again
dawn  hit me up when you see this  
"let me post something on here to all of my \friends\"" as if you actually care and as if im that important  """
"we all have faces  but faces do not tell the whole story  when you, look at me  whats told?? do you see me??"
click clack  rocka by baby  
dawn-ashliedias owes me  big time lol
"got a good four hours of sleep in  up early  gettin ready for some football, go <propfirst>  smile "
"you couldnt punch your way out of a wet paper bag, with scissors in your hand  "
#8  stfu already  
"wow  ty for wishing me a happy birthday, those who did  certainly made my monday lol"
"anyone that plays xbox, hit me up !!"
"i might have to spread my <propmale> across facebook  i see a lot of heart ache, especially the girls  it even makes me a bit teary eyed  "
facebook  whats facebook??
"the only way to be seen, is to become invisible  "
i know there's a starting point for everything in life  but some things juss need to end  
talk?? http annoyed  fubar com ~5csux
"new bedford girls suck  lol  seriously  at least put girls in a boring city, not boring girls in a boring city  tf kind of sense does that make??"
bitch  
bored  
"i bit disappointed, things didnt really go as i thought they would  but when do they?? headed to bed with my head <propmale> low  annoyed \\maybe tomorrow, sport  maybe tomorrow !!"
"wow, i dreamed about her being a pornstar  glad i woke up without any wet spots !! haha  laugh d"
money  playful  dont have it in the bank  but i sure make it every fuckin week  smile 
"feel like i dodged a bullet  a real pretty bullet  but id rather have a bullet that hits my heart and kills me, and not my wallet, that saves me  "
"lol  its gotta suck to want, to fantasis  enough with you're lame obsessions  you're a joke to believe in anything other than reality  "
"aggression, succession  "
"i'm satisfied with todays time passing speed rate, lets keep this feeling going and bring me home in no time  "
really watched wrestling and enjoyed it  lol  how amusing  
"i have the privilege of getting up, getting dressed, and going to work everyday  smile "
not even the most beautiful masks of makeup can cover the ugliest faces we have in the universe  
"ok, back to the drawing board  "
"look, mom !! no hair !!"
"for those who tan, and boy am i laughig at you if your really light skinned  they may be making tanning illegal  lucky its almost summer, ghost people !!\\jade  you wont have to worry about that  you either <propmale> scott  lol  \\relly  you either nigga  rich  neither do you  haha  "
"<propfemale> rodrigues is one, beautiful  fox  smile "
i need a back rub :   
ew  but im not surprised  lol
"i really want <propfemale> as a pet :  \\shes a beautiful dog  "
ha  
cmon celtics  really  really??!!
"crunch time c's  lets go  laugh \\1o point game  really souldnt be behind right now  but when they win  no one will care about the time they were behind  laugh "
"rev vann nicholas  i like it, thanks <propfemale> lol  playful "
i dont apologize for being honest  don't apologize for stating such true statements  
"<-- i wish i still had this hair, lmao  "
celtics  celtics!!
who isn't on who's level?? i had no idea life was a video game  
"<propfirst> z- hate\\never understood hate  hate is built from jealousy  lets not show those true colors  after all this is new bedford  everyones fake  live up to it mutha fuckahs   live up to it  "
"posting your problems here, solves nothing facebook people  why havnt you idiots realized that?? lol  holy tits !!\\jesus isnt real !!"
"simply said, i dont care what you think about me  i juss love that you think about me > annoyed d)-("
"something that isnt mine, that i have, can easily be asked for, or demanded, and it will be handed to you without question  do we know why??\\i'll tell you why  because it isnt mine  "
"sorry, cant help it if you dont like me  "
"put up with me, thats the first step to showing me you're anywhere near worth my time  you do that  ill show you more than being annoying  "
"they will not control us, we will be victorious   its all in your head; whether or not your bitch ass succeeds or not  tough love is the only love that works!!"
"<propfemale> silvia  who the fuck are you and why are you liking my posts??\\i dont even know you  so with that said  you can no longer be a part of my wonderful posting hour  which is within this hour  11-12  you liked in between my non liking hours  \\goodbye heathen !!"
"didnt see that one coming  she is a bitch  since childhood i never really got along with her  \\we grew up  barely talked  you know  on and off hi's and byes  \\but i see that things dont change  "
"i have a lot to say tonight, dont mind me  51 more minutes"
"this is the first time we talked today (really)  i wonder what she thinks  i wonder what or even if she plans to find out more of  maybe she lost interest  or never had it to begin with  lets hope for the best here \nicole\"""""
"guh moe nin, ya'll !!"
i wish janeatta <propfemale> a wonderful day !! lol  
"i get the privilege working til 3 2o  what a \blessing\""  i should probably thank \""god\"" or i could juss thank the people who got me the job??  playful """
here  at work  sort of working  sort of not  lol  
hmm  i dont get it  annoyed 
"people who use unnecessary violence, are the true weak ones  the smart ones are the true strong ones  think about that  realize that the smart ones are scarier"
i probably live too careful  its obviously the wrong way to live my life  i want to battle death  
"there's no going back  we move forward  either together or apart, we move forward, not back !!"
"im a good looking guy, its juss surprising how they don't see that  "
i stand corrected  
oovoo?? who knoo??  laugh d
"annoyed, lol  "
we cant change the inevitable  
anyone on oovoo??
"lets react off pure emotion  \\if i were to react off pure emotion  id be a bad, bad man  no  not the good way  for all those who look at the word bad  and see good  aka the people who have issues  prolly 9o% of you jackasses lol"
didn't sleep last night  going home  in like 4 hours  and collapsing on my bed  
uhoh  i miss someone  confidential 
"ok  nate dogg is dead  shut up already  the only person that should be crying is snoop dogg  \\and his parents  \\you dont know the guy  come back to reality  "
nap time  
talk about an attention whore  
i'll allow myself more time  this happens for a reason  a reason im not familiar with  but its for a reason  
i dont get it  
g night
you obviously don't understand  you don't talk with me like that  
gotta roll with the punches to get what's real  
you have responsibilities to take care of  be smart  think before doing  
youll learn  one way or another  
"til you truly understand why this is happening, and grow to be mature about situations like so  difficulties will spawn quickly, and more rapid than usual  "
"on zee couch, playing madden  bed after, sounds good  "
so cold  annoyed 
sheana < love 3
catching up on some sleep  i need it  g night
apparently because i want to sleep  because i have to get up in the morning and fuckin work  my gf has a problem with it  this is getting old  
work  sorry i try getting some sleep so i have enough energy to get me  through the damn day  sheana  if i want to sleep  thats what ill do
i can't wait to go home and eat a burrito :7
"friends turn to haters, some turn to traitors, but my money never changes !!"
that unintentional nap felt great  
"no need to shop around, i got the good shit at home  "
headed home  
its been a long day  didnt turn out how i planned  at all  gunna eat  and play my game  and what not
"idk this comedians name, but shes kinda funny lol"
"done cleaning the house, playing madden with the little cousin  gotta get him better at madden  nba 2k11  and mlb 2k11  lets roll, white boy !!"
tattoo or piercing ?? where ?? -_-
"<propfemale>-- the sex doesn't have to be phenomenal like mine and <propmale>'s, but it can't be horrible !! -- lol  "
time for bed  
on android with im+
"nate  text me if you have a cell  if not  comment here to let me know how to contact you  \\5o8 685 7565"
