d26d7624ef925a9a5ced1a96be423020
going out soon  text it: 215-279-3357
sooooo bored!!!!
hate fucking sister
violence is the key to my happiness  smile 
ka-me-ha-me-ha!!!!!
survived another boring day at my parents' stupid resturant
"my laptop is old as hell  either i get a new one, or i'll kill my freakin cheap parents"
"got my braces off, sucks for the people that still has braces"
do u guys think a dollar was really worth lighting my tongue on fire by putting 5 hot peppers in my mouth for 10 mins
i just destroyed about 4 dozen spraycans with a crowbar  its so awesome  (flying spraycans exists)
"i'm so bored, i'm about to kill my grandparents just for entertainment"
"goodbye freshman year, hello sophomore year and summer vacation!!!!"
"4th, 3rd, & 2nd graders are demons"
"my new nickname for the 4th, 3rd, & 2nd grade demons \bacon eaters\"""""
"im afraid of going to the trip tomorrow, the bacon eaters might <propmale> bowling balls at me!!"
bacon eaters constantly attacking me while skimming  almost drowned 20 times
"roller skating today, still afriad bacon eaters pushing me, then i fall and scrape my knee and rip my face off"
i'm more sad than happy that friday is our last summer camp
"just finished a god damn famous pounder at cheeburger cheeburger, about to e playful lode"
my freaking birthday
"i saw a mouse in my parents resturant today, i tried to catch it, but tripped over a chair and fell, epic fail!!"
today i was helping my dad cut the brances off of our backyard tree and i saw a purple branch
%i realized that mychonny from youtube is much funnier to asians cause we can understand what he is actually saying when he puts subtitles on when he is s
%peaking chinese
i hate parents that says ur not full when u are
going to ac today
"who screamed my name at phili at 8 29, cause i didnt hear u"
my gramma thinks im psychic bcause i kno when the lights turn green on a strret light
hate doing algebra homework online
going to play smackdown vs raw 2011 until my bus comes to bring us to school at 6:45
i'm not a true asian since i'm not in geometry like most of my asian friends are  sad 
"doing my five <propfemale> spelling homework thats due tomorrow, damn it!!!"
i feel like a noob cause im playing my old ps1 videogames
"my eyes are in intense pain, so im going to sleep early at 11:45"
epic <propfirst>!!!!!
my flat screen tv is a piece of shit
1 thing that is annoying me is the facebook spamers  get the fuck out of my fb u assholes
is playing black ops for wii and it's very confusing
pokepark!!
<propfirst>'s epic yarn is the next game im playing
"yea, snow!!!"
passed my driving test  82
"for the first time since 2009, i actually feel horribly sick, stupid flu season"
my blue hair dye attempt failed! i still have black hair  sad 
listening to music on my new ps3
it's been a long time since i've been on fb on a computer
i finally got my pokemon black version
spring is almost here thank god
