a2014c11d584e376ef6fd16ff304b364
the house is a mess
fucking m o t o  tonight!!!! bourbon street with sick thrills   be there cocksuckers!!! 2 4 6 8 rock n' roll!!!
last night m o t o  kicked the shit out of my ass!!!!! i literally burned 40 dollars   what the fuck!!! and somebody   maybe more put something up my nose 
fucking whiskey
uhhhh    ya know?   its to bad there isn't a show tonight!
"man i got these fuckn sexy white jeans, fuckn uhh   im cuter than sex!!!"
tonite!  we're goona fuck shit up!!! real good motherfuckers!!!!
wants to get drunk  now!
"being quarentined   alone, me my self my <propmale> and some neem oil!!!! booz damnit im drink\n booz and they taste so damn good so grab your \""go bag\"" and gun down a fuck\""n pig!   so that there will be fewer cops giving me speeding tickets!!!!"""
<propfemale> don't water down the drugs! it weakens the soul   brings you closer to death!
im thinking a valium would make this the perfect afternoon
butthole surfers tonight!!!! after this i dont give a fuck  i'll die happy   been waiting years!!!!
wants to fight 3 people at once!
has to work at 6am so im goona get fucked up and work a 14 hour day <propmale> over as fuck   for the third week in a row   im a champion but im turning yellow!!!
hey <propmale> i've got some tamiflu  its seeping from the cancher on the end of my cock  taste like fucking listerine!   drink up!
this awsome new municipal waste album im getting fucked up to   what is this fucking shit? why am i broke? it certainly throws a wrench in my ass   beer's only half the fun!!!! i guess i'll trade stock 
fuck the city of <propmale>! 457 dollars my ass you motherfucking bastards!!! im goona burn this shithole to the ground! plow my roads then maybe i'll consider it you fucking theives!!!
metalocalyps dethklok vol  ii   mermaider ii: the water god!!! fucking awsome!!! and bang'n sluts
"day 4 in europe  done nothing but drink  we dont have a toilet so we piss in a bucket  havn't showered in 4 days  the food, wine and beer are awsome and the women are beautiful  first show tonight!!! then get me the fuck to <propfemale> were we have a 24 hr host's!!!!!!!!!!!!"
fuck my internet!!!!!! thanks <propfemale> for letting me use your compter  what the fuck my brother brought 3 kittens home!!! they will piss everywere!!!
i love <propfemale> throckmorton 
fuck yeah! got my goddamn internet to work  only took 3 months  maybe i should have called sombody?
its fucked up when its so hot you wake up with a hangover even with the absense of drinking
its so fucking hot i cant shake this hangover even drinking wont help im in a constant state of nausea!! we hand a good show tonight we sounded great when we were'nt fucking up but the atmosphere was light so people thought it more entertaining  didn't help my drummer has strep and my lead singer got hit by a car!
cleaning sucks im all <propfirst> and sticky but i dont want to take a shower and fuck up my nice shiny bathroom
im 21! aya!
listening to <propfirst> halen
"how come every time i go to the boneyard i get in a shouting match with the same girl, outside the bathroom? three fucking times now!!!!! i think its time for aa all my moneys gone"
got to get fcuked up!!!!!!!1
mmmmh   lenny bruce  without tears 
savage pinko's show in pittsburge tonight with submachine! hope we play well and come back in one peice 
savage pinkos tonight at boneyard!!!! w  utopiates ex-whites burger boys andkill the hippies!
wake'n up drunk makes me happy!
fucking four day weekend!  thank god! then on to twelve days straight working
well   family time is over  time to get fucked up!
im sick of how much more money everyone i know is getting back on their tax's  i like to party to!
bored  want to get fucked up
"i really need to start working on my novel, while we were gone "
