88e02296617fc00cf1a46be513ebcffd
"paper, reading homework, kingdom hearts 2, being back on facebook "
defequé en el refrigerador y me comí toda la rueda de queso 
generic facebook status update 
sure would be nice if <propmale> hall had dryers that did what they were supposed to do 
"i finally finished watching all 28 toho godzilla movies! i finally know who what kiryu is  i don't e playful ect anyone else to know, though   sad "
: facebook! just when you thought <propmale> would never come back to facebook  he does! dun-dun-dun!
i wish there was such a thing as a mxt (medium extra tall) shirt 
what's that? godzilla 90s is back?!?!?
overnight field trip to see prairie chickens tomorrow  i can't say i'm overly excited  being in a <propfemale> bird blind for 3 - 4 hours     
almost finished watching all of dragonball  dragonball z is up next  all this to understand epic tier characters  meh 
going to see iron man 2 in less than an hour 
comcast is playing shenanigans again  my email has stopped working for the nth time  they really need to do something about that 
sparky sparky boom man! he's pretty badass  gotta admit 
i'm finally actively reading a book   but it's one i first read way back in middle school: magic kingdom for sale sold! by <propfirst> <propmale> 
the other guys is an awesome movie! i honestly think that in terms of all around funniness it rivals anchorman!
damn it  pendulum is so good 
i can't believe having a mosque near ground zero is even a topic of discussion 
how epic would it be to hear some guy on a banjo play dragonforce with the correct tempo?
"nice going, <propmale>  my high school is finally on tv and you haven't set up espnu on your directv yet "
"according to speedtest net and not using internet for anything else, i am getting a download speed of 0 03 mbps  that's 30 times slower than normal for <propmale> internet "
"even though i came back with some scrapes, sore muscles and a possibly twisted ankle i thoroughly enjoyed tonight's playground games "
"shake hand, kiss baby, shake hand, kiss baby, kiss hand, shake baby, kiss hand, shake baby"
mr  <propmale> talked to his cat  mr  <propmale> talked  mr  <propmale> was lonely  mr  <propmale> was  mr  <propmale> is the subject of the sentence and what the predicate says he does 
"something's tearing me down and down  can't help but feel it's coming from you  she's a gunshot bride with a trigger cries  i just wonder what we've gotten ourselves into  in a trail of fire, i know we will be free again  in the end we will be one  in a trail of fire, i'll burn before you bury me  set your sights for the sun "
starting to get the nearing-bedtime silliness    i'ma go now 
"you can hide your eyes  you can dim the lights, but they are watching  this is a new time with a different kind  they are the future; the only one  this is the final call for the setting song as they get closer  and with full blown grace, thy will be done; the show is over  its a new <propfemale>!"
so i started a download for the knox's armory dlc for borderlands last night at 9pm        22 hours later it's only at 40% 
"visit again white elephant  who sent you to loom? shall we sever everything? ponder this while we ponder why  he's starting to follow crows, and climbing the ladder somewhere out to really begin to scare, and plotting to comb the grounds with a fine tooth "
one of these days i wish basically every dream i've had for the past 13 years came true; i wish i could fly 
"what took <propmale>guest 22 hours, <propmale> ethernet doubled in only 3 "
had a cool dream this morning  very detailed 
"tomorrow, wednesday, oct  20th, wear purple in memory of the 7 teen suicides related to homophobic bullying in the recent weeks  if you see this and are going to participate, please post this as your status so you and other people don't forget "
i'm ready for this tectonics final 
"man! i am soooo modest! god, i must be the most modest person in the world! no the universe! i can't believe how modest i am  jeez!"
what if i want to marry my washcloth?
ha! momentary power outage at <propmale> 
eiiiiiiyaaah! jackieeeeee!!!
i gotsta see tron legacy! december 17! daft punk (according to a facebook ad)!
"so many thank yous        it gets repetitive  still, it's good to respond, right?"
(should have done this first) attention all people — or at least the ones that wished me a happy birthday — thank you!
"it's brother's week     if you have a brother who has made you laugh, punched you, stuck up for you, drove you crazy, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you fail, picked you back up, cheered you on, made you strong, someone you can't do without, copy and paste this to your status  for <propfirst>, the guy who calls me 'fat kid' frequently and gives me throat hugs on occasion "
i have a conundrum  i can't decide which is better: sleep or water      this is going to bother me for awhile 
"for lack of a facebook <propfemale>, i will put it as my status: i actually rate all of my itunes music  and i have roughly 100 smart playlists  good times "
so much chemistry homework      
the dodgeball chancellor's an extremely personal friend of mine  i helped him shed some unwanted poundage before beach season 
netflix fails 
"i usually don't post these sorts of things on fb, but in light of my recent fb activity and its importance i feel i must say something: my immediate family and i are going through pet loss     two of my family's four cats have very recently passed away       ((non-uncomfortable fb status ending))"
chummy           rest in peace        sad 
visit again white elephant 
onomatopoeia = vowel diarrhea
working on a paper that i should have started a while ago   but that's now how i write papers  *shrug*
"just discovered that \geologize\"" is a legit word  it's in the oxford american dictionary so you know it's good """
i love how <propmale> cable gets so many commercials for shows on channels 200+   when our highest channel is 60-something 
fistandantilus!!!!!
comcast mail fails again
"rip    monkey  belated, but i when it occurred i didn't want to post it on fb "
all email and means of communication are down for <propmale> right now  no idea how or why 
i have to use the campus guest account because the main one is not worth shit 
"16 missed messages, because <propmale> college can't figure out how to fix their internet "
"glad to be almost done with chemistry 121, which turned out to be the hardest easy class i've ever taken "
740 mb <propmale> update? about 3 hours?? fine   
great song: the beginning of the end by nobuhiko morino on the godzilla final wars soundtrack  gets me every time 
"feeling groggy, but mellow"
autopilot off  enough said 
<propfirst> caliendo is fuuunny  i just watched his special on netflix  laughs were had 
just watched a special on leopards on pbs  reminds me of good times 
"holy crap, i got an a- in my surprisingly hard intro chemistry class  was not e playful ecting that "
ha  the listerine commercial is encouraging an inefficient method of mouth-washing 
just watched relative strangers (2006)  this is why you say what is on your mind when it is on your mind  problems like this movie's problems are prevented long before the anger builds up  why sugarcoat anything?
"\everything could change on a new year's day \"" also i will not miss <propmale> internet this thanksgiving break """
"is at hooooooooooome!!! my cat was happy to see me  also, [additional observation] "
"\and when you're a professional pirate-\"" \""-you don't have to wear a suit \"""""
so   my highschool is the state champion for football again 
the one thing i miss most right now that i had while still at home: good orange juice  i'll have to stop by <propfirst>'s sometime soon 
"so i don't know about anyone else, but i really thought the music on the oc at lunch was cool  does anyone know what that style of music is called? i want some!"
"why, dr  pepper, why? why are you so good?!"
"is sick  i'll spare you all the details, but   meh  will not impact class though  oh, facebook, why have you killed the need for complete sentences? pronouns! subjects! bah "
current book i'm reading: the legend of huma by <propfirst> knaak 
"as far as empathy is concerned, i am in the 0 8th percentile  99 2% of people are more empathetic than me  i agree "
the boost mobile commercial speaks to me  i do know how it is to be a giant     but how the hell is he using that <propfemale> phone with such giant fingers?
"why, guy from subway commercial? why do you always fall for the girl's trick? every time! you'd think you'd learn "
change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  invite your friends to do the same  purpose? an invasion of childhood memories  the goal is not to see a human face on facebook until monday  (this is for the fight against child abuse!!) please repost and participate  smile 
i loooooooooooooove music!!!!! *interjection relating this feeling*
i just can't get enough autopilot off 
"\respect  pass it on \"" how does one pass on an intangible object?"""
not sure how i feel about fb posts i've made being partially shown on my wall 
<propmale> internet is getting slower and slower        hooray for blizzard season 
"does anyone have a bottle opener? <propfirst> dowdy gave me a (probably) awesome dr  pepper bottle, but i can't open it       frustration "
lots of spinning wheels of death lately        especially using safari 
achilles badassus est 
"so i just had this random idea (these are actually very common but i rarely ever remember them long enough to share them with anyone) \\what would you do if you were suddenly told by someone that you had complete command over about 20 supersoldiers?\\personally, i have no idea what i'd do with them  i don't really have any enemies so i wouldn't use them for revenge    just curious what others will say    "
"so does netflix just fail or is it <propmale> internet that is so terrible?\\5 times it came up with a message that said \your internet connection has slowed  we are adjusting playback to avoid further interruption \"""""
"early bed so's i can do some last minute packing in the morning  g'night, <propmale> "
"zetaboards is acting weirdly        or maybe it's just crappy comcast internet not knowing what the f*** it's doing  it's soooo fast, but it's even more unreliable than <propmale> internet  pathetic "
so here i am in my basement watching my brother play just cause 2  it just may be the most ridiculous game ever  <propfirst> bay would love it 
"i finally saw the mortal kombat movie  all in all, pretty decent for a 1995 film  if it were done today the effects would be waaaaay cooler, but still  i enjoyed it "
"\what a digital dummy \"""""
"\i think a dime went up my nose \"""""
"\5643  yeah right \"""""
"so apparently <propmale> primary internet is down until 5pm tonight  i'm sooooooo glad i'm at home  crap internet followed by none? also christmas was great  i got an amazon kindle (case included), some cool hand fidgets, step brothers (from my brother), a new coat, some new mechanical pencils and more  good times "
"so apparently the wheaton animal clinic determined that what the naperville animal shelter thought was a \he\"" is actually a \""she\"" """
"so i'm back at <propmale> ready to start ethics   for lack of a more major minor-worthy class  eh, at least it meets only in the afternoons "
"after schoolwork et cetera, i have moved on to watching the old godzilla series (the one with g i n o ) on netflix as well as teen titans on gogoanime com "
awkward discussion in class today  bertrand <propfirst> and his sexual morality theory  meh 
say i hypothetically get food-poisoning from an undercooked sodexo hamburger  am i allowed entitled encouraged to <propfemale> my college or otherwise alleviate the financial burden? just curious is all 
i feel so ashamed of myself  my concept of the nba is 13 years out of date  thanks a lot <propfirst> <propfirst> and almost everyone else who was good on the bulls 
nothing like a foot cramp to wake you up from a nap 
i can't decide whether or not to post that post like comment message thingy    
showdown by pendulum 
another even more awkward (for me) discussion in my ethics class  meh 
strangely enough the animal rights discussion in class today did not make me anywhere near as uncomfortable as the past two class discussions  hmm 
i wish more people knew about autopilot off  maybe then the band would decide to make some more albums 
the paper towel dispenser in my dorm just bit me  nobody makes me bleed my own blood  nobody!
my roommate just turned on the tv and i thought i saw liopleurodons      you can imagine my disappoint when i realized they were merely humpback whales 
does anyone know if <propfirst> bay was involved in mighty morphin' power rangers?
"the <propfirst>'s crab shack commercial where the giant crab claw lands in the house reminds me of ebirah  sadly, no one will know what this means without looking it up "
let the facetime force-user war begin!
"several of my characters are getting annoyed by my constant \what would [this character] do in this situation?\"" thoughts """
"today i worked out for the first time since high school gym  granted i only \ran\"" about a mile on an elliptical but it's a start  i think i'm going to make it a part of my schedule """
i wish i could find people to discuss my stories characters ideas  just the (seemingly) simple concept of laughing about a recent plot event appeals to me to no end  it would also be cool to compare and contrast between my own creations and other people's creations  sigh 
down in the dumps  reasons are unclear  one is probably the time of year  psh  i made a rhyme 
ashes in the fall by rage against the machine
solitary confinement does not work on creators 
be at wordsmiths tonight  you know who you are 
"i find myself caught between two powerful forces: my own naturally elevated self-confidence and my self-imposed depression caused by a new but strengthening sense of loneliness                      wow, awfully deep for a status post "
1 94 <propmale> today on the elliptical  i hardly broke a sweat  although it's probably too early to say that my cardiovascular endurance has increased  meh 
ha  it's so much easier to see with my glasses on  ha  after-nap drowsiness 
how hard is it for sodexo to put a noticeable amount of pizza sauce on their so-called pizzas? honestly it's like i'm eating cheese bread with some meat added on 
the 12th day by autopilot off
"out in the night, the cicadas sing their song "
"i've actually been curious about this otherwise i would not post it  how many of my fb friends remember when they first met me  my poor memory prevents me from knowing for sure, probably, but i'm curious if what i do remember is accurate  you don't have to make a similar fb status thing because i was even hesitant to post this "
"i finished my focus question for monday but i have not yet chosen a final paper topic  none of the specific topics involve kant, whom i find as my favorite philosopher out of the basic ones that we discussed "
neodämmerung by <propmale> <propmale>
"seriously, batman, get a voice changer  how much does a guy have to hate his voice to do what you do?"
the trainman cometh by <propmale> <propmale>
"2 things  i learned that \functional\"" sounds a <propfemale> bit like \""fuck shit up\"" if it's slurred enough  also i ran 2 38 <propmale> on the elliptical today """
lack of any more class in this block is a <propmale> downside i think  i no longer have the motivation of getting my final paper done     but it's so easy to procrastinate on facebook  i've become one of them 
"so maybe there are times when rushing a final paper is a bad idea     that hurt to write and i think i could have done a lot better  oh well, you learn from your mistakes, not your successes, right? at least i'm on block break now "
and suddenly i miss my cat sport  a lot 
not looking forward to working at 6am tomorrow 
"listening to pandora radio until i feel like getting ready for bed  i suppose the music genre i'm listening to now could be called \hardcore techno\"" """
merner fire alarm 
agrabah synthase  a worldbuilding enzyme 
"__shows_i_am_currently_watching__\netflix: doctor who season 2, psych season 1, godzilla (g i n o )\other: <propfemale> tail, one piece, bleach, dragonball z abridged, yugioh abridged, whose line is it anyway"
"attention <propmale>  where is a good place to use my laptop that doesn't completely isolate myself from the rest of campus? i'm looking for a place that i could socialize if i chose to, but where i could still work on stuff without being constantly brought into other conversations  i'm trying to e playful and my comfort zone "
my roommate doesn't think there is anything easier done than said  i think he's wrong 
"the plural of prius is prii, obviously "
"whenever i hear \werewolf\"" i think \""there wolf; there castle\"" """
aaaaaaaaaaaand bedtime  or at least that's what my eyes are begging me 
the northgoing zax and the southgoing zax eventually would have stopped forever anyway because there comes a time when you can't go north anymore (the north pole) and same with the south pole  they should have been the eastgoing zax and the westgoing zax  it would make more sense 
does anyone know an efficient way of putting on a scarf?
"also, for all those that i told the fahrenheit and celsius values overlap at -44° i was wrong  that value is -40° "
my roommate says he just saw a lightning flash     thunder snow?
ha  i have zero focus at the moment 
frustrated that i cannot formulate the thoughts going through my head into words  if only thoughts could be transferred directly instead of using language as a middle step 
gah! i love pendulum!
callior melior citior fortior
watercolour by pendulum!
"\how can the rainbow collapse?\"" ~ random sentence generator"""
my characters are so patient with me  their only source of animation is me and yet they aren't nagging me to write about them  but is it a sign that they're patient or that i annoy them?
i do not envy the people who live below me  all my heel-stomping to pendulum's epic drum & bass music  my newest favorite: watercolour 
you know what's frustrating? writing thousands of words in a group internet story and then not being able to take about it with anyone except those few writers involved in the group internet story 
"**** yeah, i love dr pepper!"
"you know, a <propmale> on my life would be really nice  like for example whether i know what a relationship is if i actually want to be in one if i am ready to be in one know what to say if any of these answers are yes "
"i keep having this recurring fear that i keep disproving that life after college will be very lonely  at the very least i'll have facebook so i'll still be in the loop  bah, another deep status message "
i saw tron legacy  now i want daft punk's new album 
who has original characters they created? i really want to know 
"damn it, blackbeard  unless enel and the other logia-type-users team up    it's hopeless "
attack of the rathjaergn! ~ possible future plotline for coh
writer's workshop is good  zzrdzmzthz (wordsmiths) and <propmale> college wordsmiths people should look into it if they have not already 
people who read this status message and are involved in zzrdzmzthz (wordsmiths) and or <propmale> college wordsmiths should come to the meeting tomorrow night at 8pm in athens  if you can  please?
the main character of one of my newest series scares me  a lot  something about the possibility of reality-manipulation just doesn't sit right 
wordsmiths tonight!!!!!!!! be there!!!!!
apparently autopilot off made an album other than make a sound  i must get it 
"<propfirst> shakespeare, the first wordsmith  ~ paraphrase of doctor who \the shakespeare code\"""""
my squeaky chair is amusing me a little too much right now  i think it's time i go to bed 
"i sort of shut down in the c&g date auction  awkward concept, no interest in actually going to it, surprised by the motion for recess being the date auction, other lame introvert e playful lanations "
"anyone up for seeing step brothers at some point? i have the dvd, want to see it again and would rather see it with other people  eh?"
come to adopt-a-character day on the orange carpet now! i made 26 characters for it 
dude! it's 5pm and it's still <propfemale> outside 
"i find the name \mr  chuckles\"" far too humorous than i should """
what is this 30 days thing?
pandora + latin homework
"i've switched my main internet browser from safari to firefox  i was annoyed by all the force quits i had been doing  also, it's about 5pm and it's very bright outside     ?"
