f43d1b92ed937484f2345136e641d862
happy new year everyone!!! i hope you all live it up this year and all your goals are reached!  smile 
trying to record my songs so everyone can hear them but my camera is mia and my mom hasnt let me use her video camera yet! ill tell you when their up!
this week was terrible! im glad its the weekend finally and i can relax!
my mama did my hair and now its all bouncy and curly i love it!
bday was pretty chill i just <propmale> with my bff and watched scary movies! haha can you beliee my dad gave me a curler set and it actually came out rly good?? i couldnt!
anyone know someone whio gives out goos piano or voice lessons? if so please tell me their name and number! thanks!
thank god its summer!! cant wait to see my grandma i miss her soooooo much!
about to go to the dentist (blah) ill be so glad when these dumb braces are off!
"getting ready to go to a couple museums and the loretto church!  i had a blast at the rodeo with my mom, bro, uncle <propmale>, and aunt <propfemale>! you guys are hilarious!"
<propfemale> and i are scaring ourselves the death lookin up haunted buildings in new mexico its fun but makin me paranoid! home sweet home  smile 
"yesterday was the best! great food, retarded water and fire bending(dont ask lmao), and almost no drama make for an awesome 4th of july!"
idk how great of an idea it was to paint my nails bright yellow    oh well!  smile 
almost done with my best song ever! im pshyched for the competition hope i win!!
ugh i give up theres no way ima finish my song in time! thx for not supporting me right when the pressure set in <propfemale>! haha ily anyway!
"i love my sister! shes giving me her version of voice lessons and honestly, i am starting to see changes for the better in my voice! i never knew how much i loved writing!  smile "
read my story on quizilla com its really good! for info on it msg me!!! thanks a bunch!
im makin dough! laptop here i come! writing nad singing are so much fun!
listening to fantasia songs being bored in my room  my family is so boring! everybodies busy  sad 
chillin at home makin mi madre's birthday cake for 2mara! its hecka cute! i need to upload some new pics asap! i love my brobro he cracks me up!
"<propfemale>, video games, and my big bro make a great combination! hecka funny! moms bday today yaaay! i hope she has a great day!  smile "
maybe if <propmale> didnt ste<propmale> my pic then i wouldnt mistake his profile for mine! its not like i check the name on the side or anything! idk when he even logged in hahah well anyways sorry bro it was an accident!
writing a new piano song i feel creative today  smile 
"hecka juiced i finally got if i aint got you by <propfemale> keys down! ive kown how to sing it, but i just fuigured out the piano part and then i put them together and it sounds awesomeee! music is thee best  smile "
stayed up all night last night and now my eyes aredry and im hecka tired  i better be able to go to sleep earlier now!
bouta be a curly girl like my aunties and sister haha! looking forward to feb when im cutting this relaxer off  smile 
ugh schools so close i can almost taste it    goodbye summer!
bouta go to texas roadhouse and be fat yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay! im so excited ive been starving myself alll day for this moment! haha
wow today was noooot my day at all  everything that could go wrong did  but theres always tomorrow! i have writer's block when it comes to songs this week   any suggestions?
life kinda sucks right now   but im trying to stay optimistic
chillin at home bein bored   my head kinda hurts so i may go to be early tonight  hit me upp!
this has been the worst summer ever   
stayed up all night last night! im not guna go to sleep til like 9 then im guna be koed haha  i hate my hair it pisses me off!
"tell me if we have any classes together! \1:world civ, marino  2:biology h, <propmale> 3 playful e core 10, aiken 4:algebra 2, cooper 5 annoyed panish 1, <propmale> 6: english 10h, smith"
"hanging with my bro, being stupid, and watchin old school south park! good times!! only a few weeks left til these braces are gone!"
workin on my piano version of never knew i needed by neyo and tryin to memorize the words! almost done with it its bouta sound amazing when i sing along with my piano!! cant wait to be done!!!!
omg finished the never knew i needed rewrite!!! it sounds awesoooome! ima try to upload it to youtube or sumthen but you know how i am! i'll prolly forget haha
"i should start working on my songs again, havent touched them for a good minute!"
just got home from <propmale> my favorite store! i wish i had brought more money with me  sad 
ugh i'm so frustrated right now! this sucks  sad 
haha it makes me laugh when staples tells me im only allowed to buy 5 packs of paper at a time and i buy 12 anyways  smile 
concert at rolling hills park? wtf haha anyone know whos playing??
"one more day til school! im sad summers over, but at least i get to see my friends and whos in my classes!"
"my diaphragms tired, but im the happiest teenager alive! i love singing its thee best!"
i got my outfit all picked out for tomorrow im guna look heeckaaa cute! ima sing like crazy today cuz i know i wont have time to now that schools back in 
today is not my day  sad 
"repainted my nails, i hope my mom doesnt find out! hahaha watching <propfemale> the e playful lorer its <propfemale>s bday thing like a little kid aha! actually from what ive watched, its pretty entertaining!"
"i swear im allergic to water or sumthen everytime i get outta the shower my skin itches like craaaazzzzyyyyyy! ugh, well i guess i gata go to sleep itchy so i can get up 2mara and go to school   "
i hate my classes! at least i dont have to ride the stupid bus anymore! awh no classes with him  sad 
i need some new songs to sing  sad  anybody wanna help me out?
omg im in love with 2 songs i heard just now!! lesson learned by <propfemale> keys and lesson learned by <propfemale>! i think i heard the <propfemale> keys one a long time ago i just forgot about it aha
heeeeccckkkaaaa tired!! ugh i hate school! my dumb hair was still wet this morning too so my curls fell out! im pissed off > sad 
alright everyone!!! my new project is learning everybody knows on the piano i know it wont get outta my head til i do something with it so here goes!
hmm   i wanna buy this mp3 player from my friend   but if i do ima go into my laptop funds and then how am i guna put music on it?  sad 
i need cheap guitar lessons  sad 
"i have this deep slit in the middle of my big toe and i have no idea how it got there! it deosnt even hurt, but it looks baad so i guess ima put a band aid on it  sad  \random note: my hair looks like a lion mane right now! hecka funny aha!"
stop ruining all my favorite songs kidzbop!! > sad 
the only thing i love practicing is my singing  smile 
"he broke \our heart\and now its rainin\just to rub it in   \im at\your door\i feel so crazy bout   \this song makes me sad but i can relate  sad "
omfg so tell me why the solano library doesnt have any of the other books that were allowed to read for english honors!!! anybody wanna let me borrow their book? i already read the bluest eye but im willing to read a brave new world or in cold blood 
man i never knew history class would inspire me to write such a great song! i guess ignoring the teacher does pay off  smile 
just posted a new chapter of my story on quizilla! i'm content  smile 
dang i hate when i forget where i put my phone  sad 
\if i recall i gave you everything\,f43d1b92ed937484f2345136e641d862,im sneezing up a storm! man wtf my nose is bein stupid!
ughhh im pissed! i cant think of a bridge for my new song!! this is so annoying its the one thing stopping me from being done > sad 
\you and me all alone on a throne\,f43d1b92ed937484f2345136e641d862,today has been the worst day ever   all i wanna do is eat junk food and listen to depressing songs
jv and varsity games were smackin!!! my buddie austen over here scorin all the points for jv! lmao <propfirst> yo mans slackin!
"man, i hate hypocrits!!! > sad "
"even though my throat hurts, today has been great thanks to 3 amazing people  smile "
bored outta my mind! i hate being sick  sad 
omg im so mad!!! i havent been able to run for 3 days thanks to this dumb cold! can't wait to get better!  sad 
"my hair, makeup, and outfit is guna be bangin for pics 2mara! sucks i have to take em at the end of the day   haha my bro and his friends make me laugh!"
for some reason im sad  sad  this sucks! the one time i try to write an upbeat song i have to be depressed   ugh!
guitar training day one!! wish me luck!
man i swear right when she walks through the front door my mood becomes crappy   
"just got done practicing the guitar for about 45 minutes! the fingers on my left hand are hecka numb now and have imprints of the strings on them, but at least i learned alot!"
yay i learned how to play hey there <propfemale> on guitar! im so proud of myself  smile 
"i have aa migrane   i had it yesterday and i took some tylenol and it went away, but now its back and worse than ever  sad "
gettin my braces off 2mara!!! im so excited!! aaand my moms guna take me to get my capo and tuner for my guitar!! ahh!! i can tell 2maras guna be a good day  smile 
i'm really tempted to hurt this girl   
so   tired   
\if this isn't love, tell me what it is\f43d1b92ed937484f2345136e641d862,rhs idol?   maybe  smile 
"hecka wanna make a youtube vid now that my voice is warmed up, but since ive been practicing all day its kidna hoarse too  sad  i guess i have to do it 2mara"
my throat hurts from singing all day  i think i over did it haha
"im on a hardcore singing hype! i sang all day yesterday and im pretty sure im going to again today! on a random note, i hate how i can't sleep in past 9 anymore on the weekends now that i have to get up for school  sad "
trynta record my first youtube vid today wish me luck! i hope my camera doesn't act retarded haha 
"didnt do any of my history homework   oh well! haha i procrastinate too much! bouta record ave <propfirst> for my youtube <propfemale>  i would already be done, but my dumb camera died!"
ugh my camera is so annoying!! i guess ima make my video 2mara  sad 
"chocolate cake plus milk equals the greatest 5 minutes of my life! wish me luck, i have to finish 3 pages of dialectic quotes and a biology h project by tonight!  sad "
"rhs idols went ok, but couldve been better  i went on a shopping spree with my sis its was so much fun! can't wait to use my new stuff!"
hopefully things will get better 
this weekend sucked  sad  i need to make some changes 
woow they talk to everyone but me!! ughhh!
walkin around my room practicing my vibrato! its so annoying trying to hold it out for a long time  sad 
eatin oreos bein bored  sad  i need to memorize some new songs   
had heeeeecka fun with <propfemale> at the mall today!! i love you girl you crack me up!
home alone  sad  i love how my brother just ditches me without saying bye or anything!! ughh
today was suprisingly a great day!! i think im becoming more positive about stuff that used to bug the heck out of me! im so proud of myself haha
"in my room singing all these random disney songs i used to looove! haha ive gotten through just around the riverbend, paint with the colors of the wind,a whole new world, and part of your world haha!"
hecka excited to practice for some reason! my sister needs to hurry up and go somewhere so i can sing some <propfemale> sullivan!
football game was hecka cold but i had <propfemale> much fun with my ghetto friends!! luv you guys!
playin my r&b relaxin  its been a good day  smile 
slappin my new dondria cd!! im hecka happy i finally got it!!! this is the best day ever!!!!  smile 
the sun was cooking me today! thank goodness for air conditioning!
there's gata be more to life than this  sad 
my day was awful! i cant wait until its over   
"its funny, i hate english honors, but ever since i took it song ideas have been coming at me from every direction!"
its like the bus drivers are out to get me or sumthen!  sad 
i love singing wicked's songs!! hooray for broadwaaay!!  smile 
i love the smell of rain  smile 
thinkin about doin my big chop real soon   hmm   idk haha
ive been singing alllllll day! now i feel great  smile 
finally done with this annoying english!! now i just have to make my notecard and finish my alg2 during some other class 2mara haha  goodnight fb!
today was really fun im glad i dressed up  smile 
this apple would taste a million times better if i didnt have a headache  sad 
dancing around my room singing <propfemale> sullivan songs haha
"listening to my favorite composer, chopin! classical music is so beautiful  smile "
i love listening to music that brings back childhood memories  smile 
whip my hair by <propfemale> smith is my jam right now! haha it makes me wanna dance around my room!
yaaaay trick or treating with <propfemale> and <propfemale> tonight! i cant wait!  smile 
it was so much fun hanging with my big sis today! i love her so much!! the only bad thing about today is that i did absolutely nooo homework! oops haha
i love love loove my new song! the lyrics just kept flowing and i finished it in 2 days! im so happy  smile 
"all i need is an amazing bridge, and my song will be done! im so excited its guna sound awesome!"
my phone case broke in half today!! now i need a new one! im sad  sad 
"spanish class was so fun! me, symphony, and <propfemale> were singing hecka loud and people were complimenting my voice! symphony was crackin me up haha! great day!  smile "
\when you are deep in love\,f43d1b92ed937484f2345136e641d862,"yay i created a hecka pretty piano accompaniment to sing leave to! too bad i cant bring my keyboard to school and play it for everyone  sad  well, im off to do math! night!"
you have no idea how angry i am right now   
i hate when you text somebody a big paragraph and they give you a one word reply like an hour later!  sad 
i ate too much junk food now my stomach hurts   ughh   sad 
it was hecka fun singing all crazy and dancing around to my <propfemale> cd with my brother and sister last night! i love you guys!
"im really feelin this <propfemale> right now! i love her stuff! too bad she only made one cd so far  sad \\i decided\",f43d1b92ed937484f2345136e641d862,thanks for the books and stickers aunt <propfemale> i love you! i'll call you sometime this week to thank you formally and see how you've been k?
woo world of jenks with v v brown!!  im so happy! two things i love at once!  smile )))))
my day was great!   until i saw my progress report d=
haha im bored so i fuigured id do this for fun! like this amazing post and ill tell you the truth!  laugh 
"movies with <propfemale>, her mom, and <propfemale> tomorrow!! im hecka excited!!!  laugh "
"awh no mall anymore, just movies  sad  oh well, im just happy to get out of the house and <propfemale> with two of my favorite people!"
yay im tagging along with my sister to her makeup class 2mara! this should be fun!  laugh 
"today was fun! im guna sleep goooood tonight, then wake up 2mara ready for another adventure!  laugh  lmao"
im determined to improve on my eyemakeup skills before i do my bc!!
   so cold    sad 
"even though i practice the guitar every day, i feel like its getting me nowhere  sad "
i cant believe i got sick riight before thanksgiving  sad 
yaaaaayyy im back online!!! i need to upload pics of my new hair!  smile 
so happy with my christmas presents  smile  i love my fam their the best!
my piano skills have really improved over the last year i'm hecka happy! music i used to think was impossible to sight read or even play seems really easy to me now  smile 
so boring at home without my bro  sad 
"my family is crazy, but that's why i love em!  smile "
i love my hair! its so curly and unique  smile 
oops i meant i didnt realize it was new years <propfemale> 2mara until like an hour ago
i need to post more pics of my short hair   maybe ill do that later?
"i cant stand females, especially two faced ones!!!! i wish these stupid bipolar girls would move their butts out already! > sad "
"im in a cooking mood! so far, ive successfully made orange chicken with rice, pear salad, and pina colada cake! im so proud of myself haha! and yes, everything was from scratch!"
i hate mrs smith! thanks to her dumb butt i dont have straight a's on my report card! she just had to give me a stupid b! ugh!!!
has anyone finished the catcher in the rye questions for mrs  smith?
"certain people in my house are gettin on my last nerve  ima take deep breaths tho, and pray that i find the strength not to go off on them  > sad "
so sore all day   then my sis had the nerve to make me work out with her! haha im kinda glad she did though it made my legs less sore 
im bored   maybe ill cook something?
ive decided to give 250% when it comes to track! daily weightlifting and 30 <propfemale> of extra running starts tonight!  smile 
so   sore    sad 
<propfirst> posadas was killin me at the rally! that was the best cheer routine ever! lmao
time to wrap my knee in this heating pad  sad  seems like something new hurts everyday!
<propfemale> splints suck! so annoying! who would wanna ice their legs when its like 30 degrees outside?  sad 
traveling like the light by vv brown is so pretty  smile  i have to learn it on the piano!
testing 2mara   boo   sad 
no more playin around! official track season starts on monday and i am ready!!  smile 
man i need to post me singing excuse me by <propfemale> sullivan i really got this song down!
felt good to run my ass off today  smile  i have a feeling im going to run the 400 
dj time    i dont even remember when they're due anymore  sad 
"well, looks like practice is guna be in the rain today   fun "
track + rain = the worst thing ever  sad 
im stressing over these dumb tpcastt for mrs  smith! why do <propfirst> kerouac poems have to be so confusing?!
2 practices cancelled in a row? im in heaven  smile 
advanced choir tryouts need to hurry up and come!
tension headaches suck  im taking on too much   
"im tired, cold, sore, and my fish died  this week needs to hurry up and be overrrrr!! at least i have <propfirst> legend to make me feel better   "
seems like we're not close anymore   
"advanced choir auditions this week! im super excited, i know im guna do rly good!"
"2 tryouts down, one to go! advanced choir music seems fun  smile "
made some no bake cookies and they are delicious! i love chocolate  smile 
"ugh i can't stand mrs  smith! she claims she puts allll these documents on her stupid website but she really doesnt!! it hasnt been updated in hecka long, so she needs to stop lying to me and making me look on there for dumb papers that aren't even there that i could have gotten from her that day if she wasnt such a difficult ahole!!"
i hate buying people birthday presents! it seems like you never get them exactly what they want  sad 
my goal for spring break: upload a video of me singing  smile 
