77e2e5c983e466e3ac090c65ff9b7077
facebook is confusing  surprise 
fathers day is not my favorite holiday  surprise 
this website really   confuses me  ha 
braces off in a matter of weeks  smile  then wisdom teeth removed  sad 
i don't like facebook 
"got half my big toenails removed today,, not so fun! d:"
don't really feel like partying  think i'll watch movies an play video games instead  (; yeaa i'm lamee   playful  haa 
"today was great  video games, shopping, fast food, movies and kenzie   wink "
whyy does everything always end up so twisted and complicated?
facebook   is too complicated for me   hahahaha 
"rip hercle, the best dog that ever walked the earth  look how many people loved you,, its not every dog that this many people mourn for  i miss youu already "
"got myy tonsils out yesterday,, can't eat a thing! but myy room is almost finished and it looks great and is the perfect place to spend myy day in bed  smile "
ugh  he is such a jerk  i can't even believe i ever dated him 
i'm finally ready for some serious life changes  smile  i can do this  and i'm here for you <propfemale>  i love you  smile 
you aren't worth my time   
"ohh no, school starts tomorrow! i feel so unprepared  d: haha "
"i am so exhausted after only one day of school, bleh "
poof! all of a sudden everyone has a facebook    
where are all the cute boys hiding in this world!?
enchiladas for dinner? yes! laugh 
"why is it when i'm busy people always call, text or message me, but, when i'm bored?   nothing "
i want a corgi!
do you want to know why boys are the ones to pursue girls? its because males aren't worth the effort  except for the one who makes the effort 
all dressed up withh no place to go 
i can't believe myy midterms are a 4 0!!!  laugh  haha 
"i want my long hair back! i definitely need to so something about my look, stat   hm  "
i'm pretty sure i'm going crazy 
some people just suhk 
thankks to everyone who wished me a happy birthdayy smile  haha youu guys are the best 
ahh how do youu delete an app?
"do you want to know why boys are the ones to \pursue girls? its because males aren't worth the effort  except for the \one who makes the effort  i've said it before buhh i'm sayin it again   playful "
" smile made it to the weekend,, was itt just me or did this week draggg onnn?"
i've been sleeping all day and i feel horrible  what a waste of a weekend  i hate being sickk   annoyed 
so    what did people do before social networking sites? o o
i've realized i don't like you 
i'm so pissed  annoyed  annoyed  annoyed 
things need to get interesting again   
i hate people    whats to like? lol 
across the universe   love  love  love  love 
i can't wait till dreamland   smile   smile 
so much can happen in a year  
sledding last night was amazing  smile  even thoughh shane&&jeyman disappeared forever and it was freezing so we all ended up at artic circle   playful  playful 
growing up is strange  i feel like i've changed tremendously in just the last few months 
time goes on and my heart stubbornly sits in one place 
i change my mind about things a lot  hm 
i love the snow  smile  that is until after christmas time anyway   
uhm   there's a sixteen-year-old boy asleep in my bed    *pokes*
'tangled' was such a cute movie 
yay for insomnia    
bottle feeding my new 6 week old puppy  smile  smile 
no school today  can't get the cars out of the driveway 
i've decided its time for me to wake up  really wake up  and i'm proud   smile  goodnightt 
i hate it when i'm wide awake in the middle of the night with school in 5 hours 
"didn't get to sleep till 3 last night, got up for school at 6,  slept after school for hours  my sleeping schedule is always so messed up  bleh   playful "
everything happens  whether its for a reason or not is up to you 
why does it keep happening like this? whyy!?
pictures of me always look so   frightening  lol  (x
"my puppy is such a little pig, he never stops eating! playful  thank goodness i get a break from school till january 18th   smile "
"today i earned two credits in half an hour  i'm such a g  wink   haha  thank you rora and kenzie today was lovely, love    smile "
"very busy people - the limousines  exact story of my life,, haha "
someone  anyone  please come and take me away from here now 
i wanna play some cod!
i'm fine all day then suddenly i'm throwing up and feeling awful  this suhks   annoyed   annoyed 
who wants to come chill with tayy an i?  smile 
tonight turned out to be really fun   smile   smile 
tonight was soooo much fun  i love my family   smile 
christmas shopping tomorrow   i'm pretty stoked   smile 
do you know that you are the one you've been waiting for?
tonight we're going to mcgrath's fish house for dinner and then comin back here and opening presents  pretty awesome christmas <propfemale>   smile 
just got back from a freaking delicious dinner about to sing with my sisters then open presents  laugh 
"playing on my brand new laptop, setting up my brand new ipod 4g touch and getting ready to try my new ps3 games red dead redemption and saints row 2  hell yes   laugh  i love you christmas  smile "
to log into my laptop all i have to do is swipe my finger across the reader  i feel so futuristic  o o lol 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! tell me what you got   smile 
"so i'm working on my english packet ladeedadeeda and i need to look at a <propfemale> in the book  so i go to the website and log in and look through, not only the one its supposed to be in, but every single book and apparently the <propfemale>s i need don't exist  fml "
home sweet home  smile  got some reallyy cute new clothes today  thanks for taking me rora   love 
i can't find my phone charger   indecision 
so new years tonight  what's goin down?  playful 
time to work on some packets   playful 
"\all that we are is the result of what we have thought \"" -the eightfold path"""
i want you gone   smile 
i am such a pro  figured out something in html on my own  woot   smile 
wish i never took my septum out   sad 
the new horoscopes thing is ridiculous  so they've just been wrong all our lives? it's bull 
i wish i had the words to e playful ress what's in my world 
i don't know what i want anymore 
"all i can say is, e playful ect the une playful ected "
"my sister and i went to rc willey and i had a thought, someone should go around, climb up and switch all the signs so it says cr willey, haha "
"what's a woman? a man with a womb in it  get it? haha \wom-man\""?"""
ugh  i can't sleep and i have to get up for school in 4 hours 
"i feel like the living dead  just took a 2 hour nap, first sleep i got in over 24 hours  can't believe i survived school like this   confidential "
i wish i could just be done with school   sad 
"thank you (heavily caffeinated drinks) for saving my life, once again  and helping me get through high school haha "
my phone is acting up  > indecision 
i am genuinely happy right now  i haven't really felt this way in a long time    smile 
what is with me and insomnia lately!?
today went by quick and tomorrow is friday  i like today   smile  lol 
my hair is gonna be so cute tomorrow   smile  that is if i get up on time   playful 
"this could be interesting  do any of us really know everybody on our facebook friend list? here is a task for you  i want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me  after you comment, you could copy this to your status so i can do the same "
woke up feeling like i have strep  ugh   annoyed 
i feel like i'm getting worse not better  i hate being sick 
catfish  super good movie   smile 
today was une playful ectedly a really perfect day 
"just watched 'youth in revolt' with danni and a large dr  pepper, bean&cheese burrito, cinnamon twists, 1 4 of a crunch wrap supreme and 1 2 of a beefy crunch burrito   smile  smile ( smile  smile (( smile ( smile  smile  smile  hahaa be jealous "
how is it i am progressively feeling worse and not better?
"'<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world' awesome movie, i loved it "
who isn't a backstabbing liar these days? anyone?
it's always fun watchin scary movies in the basement with chik fil'a   smile 
wish my phone wasn't such a piece and would actually work more then half the time 
lately i've been having super realistic dreams of really stressful scenarios mostly involving the people i'm closest to betraying me in some way  they're causing me to wake up feeling frustrated and in a bad mood  wonder if they mean something 
cut my bangs   surprise  gonna dye it tonight  thoughts on what color?
would you rather be with someone who you love? or who loves you?
in a really good mood thanks to a wonderful day with some of my favorite people   smile   smile 
much better   love   smile 
"i fail at human relationships, haha "
"doing what you like is freedom, liking what you do is happiness "
today was so fun! can not wait till the 13th   smile  love you kenz 
today was great   smile  keepin my fingers crossed   smile 
it's going to take some getting used to but my new goal is to become completely vegan by the end of this year 
it kills me how ignorant kids are these days 
i have my first job interview tomorrow! i'm kinda nervous   playful 
i am ridiculously happy right now   smile 
so   who knew it would be so easy to get a job? lol i'maa g  (;
this is exactly why i don't even try anymore 
today turned out to be absolutely fantastic even without massages   playful  i start training for work tomorrow!  smile 
"today was a really good day, i had so much fun at work   smile "
happiness for a reason is a form of misery because the reason can be taken from you at any time  to be happy for no reason is the happiness you want to e playful erience 
"so i really don't like most people, but least today was payyy dayyy laugh  haa  it's always good when your paycheck surprises you by being more than you e playful ected  (;"
if you get sexted by someone you didn't want sext with   did you just get molexted?
   why is my bed moving? seriously this is really weird  kinda freakin me out   o o
"i have to do something about my hair, i hate it right now  dark brown? red? i was thinking about doing blonde again, platinum blonde on top with brown underneath  help, i need opinions "
halfway back to being blonde   smile 
