76a1e68775384f33223b3630dc82c55c
"all of you   are disgusting, immoral beast! you should all feel disgraced, and wish to hide your faces! how dare you, every single one of you   hold your farts till your alone, damn it! *coughs, gags   * i'm    dying!"
"why am i so mean and angry? cause it comes so naturally, and without thought  if you don't get the jokes, then fuck off an die  that's what i wanna do! wheeee!"
"what is it? to say something kind, and at the time to tell the truth? as false kindness can be just as good as true caring, as many know not the difference  so i say unto you all; you are beautiful, you are brilliant, you are loved, and i am a great liar  ^^"
mmmmm i likes abney park very much 
"that's right ladies and gent's   once a year it comes around, and it's a day for celebration  that's right, its the day to celebrate the saint <propfirst>'s day massacre!  yes folks, the day that brutal murder happened in the neighborhood of lincln park in chicago on this day in 1929!"
wtf? <propfirst> steele died? son of a bitch!  that pisses me the fuck off  *sighs* what an awesome musician  i'm so glad i went to that jagermiester tour a few years ago  r  i  p  mr  ratajczyk
"vacation stuff is over tomorrow, and for some reason i feel oddly full of energy, yet i'm still feeling ready to culr up and sleep  what a weird feeling "
"i hate change, but even i sometimes feel a need for it "
http annoyed  www newgrounds com portal view 534416 for those old school gamers   it's super <propfirst> crossover! awesome! (i actually saw this a little while ago  forgot to share  troubled )
"damn amazing  idiot neighbors park in front of our place like they pay our rent, the air is thick with pot, and people sneaking between the different places at like 1 smile 0am   why can't these people be finished off life vermin? most here would loose against a mouse in a maze race "
"my mind is a fucked up place sometimes  i mean it's bad, some of the idea's i get for running games, or jokes, or just random happenings  my dreams though can just be    gah, last nights was very   hitckcock like "
"gnar, must make dinner  so don't wanna though  must find slacks and dress shirt, get washed tomorrow  feel like someones poisoned me, so don't wanna do anything "
"getting paid by the state for work is like gambling in a casino  sooner or later your gonna hit, but it's always later then you need "
not to mention it's never enough money    
"weekend went well, was a lovely wedding  bride and groom were happy   people seemed to enjoy themselves  i'm dying from the heat in here "
"seems some people don't consider a morbid sense of a humor, humor  there are different levels of humor, different taste in humor  from shit like <propfirst> the cable guy, to <propmale> white, to <propfemale> sykes, to <propfirst> black  people should learn this "
"friend: \so when are ya gonna marry\""  me: \""3 years after i put a \",76a1e68775384f33223b3630dc82c55c,"gnar guess i'm  not heading down for the 4th like i thought, sorry guys "
"happy 4th all, the day for booms and pretty lights  bah i shoulda headed down south anyway for them heh "
"back from sonoma county  went to <propfemale>'s wedding, and it all went well  i think it was the most amusing wedding ceremony i've been to, geekdom from the  guy performing the ceremony, and having attended a decent part of 'justin-day'   and the driving  so tired  must clean though  i should have bought some whiskey or something to get through all this "
*lol* thanks all for the birthday wishes ^^
"gnar just woke up  should eat, but its so muggy and warm    come on winter, hurry up "
"you\ and i wake up in jail together  using only four words, what would you \say to me? (note: if you comment, you gotta copy and paste this in your \status -- fair is fair -- play along)"
"2 am, and bored off my ass    you all fucking suck"
remind me why we keep on living? *lol*
"piece on laptop breaks a month ago, get it fixed, sat receiver breaks, get it replaced, laptop breaks again, replace it  now tv goes out    wtf? seriously "
