a42f298b24fdde397411b812467d9a16
"happy new years!!!!!!!!!! \best of wishes to all of you in this new year!"
i'm bored!!! - -
hmmm    what to do?   maybe i should blow up something   i'll get started it!!
so sleepy     i think i'll hit the bed now 
so     bored     can't    think      of    anything    to    do    
"where did i go wrong, i lost a friend somewhere along in the bitterness and i would have stayed up with you all night had i known how to save a life"
she'll make you take your clothes off and go dancing in the rain   she'll make you live her crazy life but she'll take away your pain  like a bullet to your brain 
"so they came into the outway, it was sunday - what a black day, mouth to mouth resus - citation, sounding heartbeats - intimidations"
wohooo!! long weekend!        what to do now       
when i wanted sunshine i got rain-and then i saw her face-now im a believer
they say i'm different- they don't understand- but there's a bigger problem - that's much more in demand - you got world hunger - not enough to eat - so there's really no time - to be trippin' on me-
people always told me be careful of what you do - and don't go around breaking young girls' hearts - and mother always told me be careful of who you love - and be careful of what you do 'cause the lie becomes the truth
you keep changin' the rules - while i keep playin' the game - i can't take it much longer - i think i might go insane -
happy valentines day!! spread the love my friends!!
so bored      what to do?      
give all that's within you - be my savior - and i'll be your downfall - you be my savior - only love can save us now - love save me now
"i don't wanna live, i don't wanna breathe, 'less i feel you next to me, you take the pain i feel - comatose"
"you've got troubles, well i've got 'em too, there isn't anything i wouldn't do for you, we stick together and we see it through, you've got a friend in me- you've got a friend in me"
"i'm feeling weak and weary walking through this world alone everything you say, every word of it, cuts me to the bone i've got something to say, but now i've got no where to turn it feels like i've been buried underneath all the weight of the world - changes"
"everybody wants to be a cat, because a cat's the only cat who knows where it's at; while playin' jazz you always has a welcome mat, 'cause everybody digs a swingin' cat "
"if you feel so empty- so used up, so let down- if you feel so angry- so ripped off so stepped on- you're not the only one- refusing to back down- you're not the only one- so get up- let\s start a riot!!"""
happy mother's day!!
bored     anyone talk to me?
wohoo! finally friday!
huge headache    gonna hit the bed now @ @
good night world!!!!
bored!! -_______- talk to me    
good night everybody!!!! see you all tomorrow!!! oh one last thing before i go     you all lost the game!!!  playful 
"friends, romans, countrymen, lend me your ears!!          ummmm        i'm bored"
working on project   so boring
good night friends!!
woohoo i got internet again!!
woohooo! got internet again!!
finally finished my project    so tired        @ @
good night everybody!!! you've been a great crowd!!
goodd night everybody! i'll be here in the morning!  laugh 
all i've gotta say is that they don't really care about us!!
"yesterday was dad way to start summer       on other news, still deciding what to do    "
everybody dance now!!
i wish every single dad out there the happiest father's day ever!!!!
school was tiring today     
happy 4th of july!!!
"just read the perks of being a wallflower by <propfirst> chbosky, one of our summer reading books, and it was an amazing story  although very sad at times, but nevertheless it was good and should be read  enjoy!"
"oooooh! can't wait till '11, some awesome movies are coming out!"
yesterday went to the beach! the beach was awesome     too awesome  now i look like a tomato!! my back is on fire t-t
my face is peeling!!!!! i llokz like a znake!!!
woohoo!!! finally got internet!
i gotz a yo-yo!!!!  laugh 
"got first period 289, which if i am not mistaken is physics  hellz yeah i get mrs chin again!"
i have gotten better with my yo-yo skillz!! but now i need new string and a less heavier yo-yo  playful 
i gotz a haircut!!  laugh 
yessss! i passed with a b on both of my dual-enrollment classes!!  laugh 
"so tired from practice x-x\going to pass out in 5    4    3     2     1     k o \\ laugh "
school tomorrow!!! wohhoooo!!!! dx
finally back from competition  & game      tired        we came in second!!! wooooh! let's go mssh!!
"a\ politician sees his family everyday; a deployed soldier once in 6 \months  a politician flies 1st class; a soldier flies in a c130  a \politician's pension is not reduced; a soldier's is clawed 65%  a \politician enjoys an e playful ense account; a soldier must justify extra \rations  a politician vows to defend their country;    a soldier actually keeps that promise  repost if you support our troops "
"\all that glisters is not gold \""-prince of morocco"""
just came back from my jog  laugh 
so going to competition tomorrow!! woohoo! no school  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas to all! hope you have an amazing day!
i think gonna start a blog o 0
another bites the dust!!!!!!  laugh 
goodnight my peeps!!!!
doing history midterm review now -_-
watching ncis!!! love that show  laugh 
good night everyone! midterms tomorrow -_-
woohooo!! got an a on ap physics midterm! and a b on ap calc!!!
"just finished homework -_- \going to sleep nowz    zzzzzz"
"home sweet home!!! back from band practice     was not so much fun\good thing i don't have homework"
awesome day!!! g'night everyone!!!!
"just came back from walking my dog, she's scared of her leash 0-0"
-__- sleepy               zzzzzzzzzzzzz
