d89d757d77d2b6f2785ae7e1cd1c4c83
cant wait for tomorrow!
watching the land before time 
bdayy  smile  finally 18
hacking is sketchy
here comes 2011   may it be a good year for us all   love 
e playful eriment gone right  smile 
well that was funn 
watching taken
"i buy gucci, i buy prada, i spend dolla after dolla"
seven day weekend  laugh 
spring break needs to hurry up!
springg break!  smile 
going back home tomorrow  sad 
i think i have a cactus fetish now   haha they're so cute!  smile 
i just can't wait for the weekend
watching the kids  smile 
"working tonight, actually sorta looking forward to it!"
can't wait for tonight!
i can't get over the fact that i am in love with reese's peanut butter cups!
"just a small town girl, living in a lonely world"
today is 8 months without chewing gum!  smile 
i guess dropping my phone again did fix my phone!  smile 
i don't like construction season!
your close friend becomes your worst enemy  lollipops turn into cigarettes  soda becomes vodka  bikes becomes cars  race issues were about who ran the fastest  war was only a card game   and all we wanted to do   was grow up?
this time baby i'll be bulletproof
is watching aladdin
i laugh in the face of danger
there's only so much you can do on the computer before you're super bored  annoyed 
watching <propfemale>  smile 
i talk to absolutely no one  couldn't keep to myself enough  and the things bottled inside have finally begun to create so much pressure that i'll soon blow up 
just made some delicious chocolate chip cookies  smile 
feels like its gonna be a busy week ahead of me
is finally done with freshman year of college  smile 
yayy for mcdonalds strawberry shakes  smile 
ready for the week to be over already  too much to do it feels like 
i just played pacman on the google homepage  
amazing weather!
at the beach  smile 
we kinda needed the rain with all this heat
went tubing for the first time yesterday   now i'm sore  sad 
i love it when my burns turn into amazing tans!  smile 
90 degrees and <propfemale>!? love it  especially with the cousins  smile 
spent all day at mall of <propfemale> with my cousins  smile 
out and about todayy
valleyfair with the crew  smile 
i’m stuck inside this rut that i fell into by mistake
"officially love listening to the radio, i was on it and just won saints tickets from 96 3 now   smile "
"step by step, heart to heart, left right left, we all fall down"
"is at lucys for her housewarming party, then going with <propfemale> out with <propfemale>!"
"new hair, still debating if it's complete"
working from 4-1am   here's to a long night!
early birthday bbq tonight with the family  smile 
excited for what tomorrow has to bring  smile 
i had a wonderful birthday!
"i know they say the first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest"
saints game tonight!
just won t-pain tickets!!!!!
t-pain tonight!  smile 
with the family tonight  smile 
is in the parade todayy  smile 
at the twins game  smile 
why must it be so cold out?  sad 
officially one year without chewing gum!  laugh 
babysitting   then off to the house to finish unpackingg!
i never thought playing castle crashers would be so addicting!!
p s  i hate satellite 
"ugh cleaned too long, then work "
won more tickets from the radio!  smile 
"i wish people could win the lottery by calling a radio station   cuz then i'd have a better advantage of winning, considering i've won 3 different times since august  "
in <propfemale> visiting <propmale>!
what a productive day   not 
pumpkin ice creaaam  laugh 
why dont headaches go away  sad 
ooh how to make 100 dollars within a few hours  annoyed \
finally get to spend time with the birthday boyy 
excited for tomorrow!  smile 
with the girls!!  smile 
girls night again!!  laugh 
"i'm now addicted to my coke rewards   so now if anyone has codes they dont use, feel free to send me the codes  smile  find them in coke 12pks bottles, mcdonalds prizes and such!"
yay i get to go to trail of terror for free  laugh 
trail of terror tonight!  love 
this is just a bad day  sad 
wow my phone decided to go back 2 hours  
"happy, happy, happy  smile "
"watching <propmale>, drinking hot chocolate  smile "
cma awards  love 
very excited for tonight  laugh 
playing with my eyepet!  smile 
can't survive a thursday without buffalo wild wings  smile 
making breakfast with <propmale>  smile 
watching titanic  smile 
day off! i wanna do something!!
time for a christmas tree!
hmm what to do with the next five hours of my day before working?
redbull  love 
tickets were legit   won jingle ball tickets  laugh  should i be surprised or is this now normal for me?
netflix on a night like this is perfect  smile 
phone is off for the day   if you gotta get a hold of me  do it on here please
won again to jingle ball   backstage passes to taio <propfirst>!!
"watching dexter   time to catch up, only on season 2 "
day off   getting more christmas shopping done  smile 
"watching avatar, eating pizza and relaxing at home with <propmale>  smile "
bowling  smile 
heroes marathon all day with <propfirst>  smile 
hanging out with <propfemale> gudim and <propfemale> <propmale>
workk 
i truely am done with the snow this season 
i'm so excited for the next few days to come!!  smile 
day off  smile 
going to bww and then a movie with <propmale>  love 
ughh apartment searching is so difficult  sad 
dead like me- season 2  love 
when will all this snow be gone?!
it's a great day for us to have off  smile 
onto free  movie number 2  smile  first: no strings attached  2nd: the green hornet 
pizza night with joshhh  smile 
kid cudi  love 
one year so far with <propfirst>  love  hopefully many more to come  smile 
i suppose my status will be about the superbowl too 
wayy excited to see all the girls today!
i hope this snow melts faster then it came
about to watch i am number four with <propfirst>  love 
i finally get a day off and then get nothing to do  sad 
todays weather is the reason why i don't plan on staying in minnesota
packing all day   moving day tomorrow  smile 
"oohh what a night  relaxing finally today with a delicious breakfast that <propmale> made, then working tonight "
"i neeeed more room in my place, i have too much stuff "
"pool, then sauna   ahhmazing  smile "
<propmale> pc game? sounds good to me!
i don't know what i'd do without netflix!
i'm actually happy to see rain and not snow!
mega sore throat    i just don't know what to do!!
tip number 1:  don't substitute dishwasher soap with dishwasher hand soap   it will cause a sudsy mess
spaghetti for dinner   yum!
watching love & other drugs with <propfirst> because netflix isn't working
the sims medieval  smile 
it's days like this i wish i had cable!
horray for now having plans tonight  smile 
made some edible cookie dough from scratch  smile 
get to see the girls today!!
its a bad night when you lose one of two contacts   and its your last pair  glasses from six years ago don't work as well anymore
gahh what to do todayy?
headache go away sad  dumb glasses 
i gotta practice my poker skills!
"going to workout, then going swimming, then eating dinner with <propfirst>  smile "
going on a real date tonight!  smile 
going to the drive in!!
got a necklace from <propmale>  smile 
"yay for warm weather, hopefully going to the park when im off!"
plants vs zombies is so addictive!
"cleaned my entire place, did dishes, made brownies and now relaxing watching netflix"
fast five  love 
"went swimming, now hungry and tired & its only 10"
