ab447aedb1329d262aeaf4cf9a642e30
i wish i could stay out of trouble  troubled 
might have to get a new phone  *sad panda*
got his phone fixed up with a new sim card  and there was much rejoicing 
has become acutely aware of his hips  must have broke them playing capoeira  along with every other body part  *creak*
is happily confused  and tired =_=
is no longer confused  still tired  more at 11 
is trying to decide if it is complicated or not  the fish says its complicated  i concur 
is happy despite the nature of his very confusing life  *kicks the music up*
"is having red bull and buttered toast for breakfast  mmmm, tasty!"
wants to take a nap but must clean the house  who made all this mess!? *glances at the man in the mirror*
can't say no to hope    can't say no to happiness    it doesn't scare him at all 
declares today to be less-emo-than-yesterday day 
needs sleep  what a whirlwind of activity and emotion it has been  *zombie walk to bed*
"thinks, all in all, life is pretty good   despite the things that make you go \hmmm \"""""
"is growing and learning  i'm not perfect  perhaps i've been inattentive; or let unkind words out of my mouth; or haven't done things the way you'd like  but, i appreciate all my friends and all are important to me  my new goal is to focus on the positives and forgive even if i'm not asked  but, i'm going to be more selfish and take less crap than you're used to   because i've learned self-respect  i still  love  you tho "
"needs a caffeinated, carbonated, refrigerated beverage  and some chocolate "
has had the most unusual day  it's funny how just when you think you have things figured out that suddenly things change and force you to reconsider  could i possibly be any more vauge?
"don't be miffed if i haven't accepted an app gift request  i just cleared 100+ requests and didn't really go through them  i'm just not much interested in the games or sending virtual rainbows, ponies, and stickers to people  well, maybe rainbows    are you feeling the care bear stare? and what is this? why, its my little pony bringing me some scratch-n-sniff stickers    *blink*      what? don't look at me like that "
i retract my previous despairing status update  optimism is back in fashion today 
"is having some much deserved down-time  of course, i have to be up at 3 surprise 0 am and i'm not even packed  but     who cares?! my life has been a whirlwind lately "
"thinks that it is shitty that he has to go through all of this  why can't i can't have happiness just as much as anyone else  i am tired of being guilted by all of you, my so called family, when i am just doing the best to have a bit of happiness  if you want to pray for me, go ahead  if you want to pity me, go ahead  i am sick of the pity and the prayers  you people doen't even know me "
just handed over the keys to the landlord this morning  thank goodness that is all over with! more to come   
thinks that today has extended its stay too long  give me tomorrow now!
is ready for an adventure because some change would be nice  welcome to the doldrums 
either these new glasses have really improved my vision or i am just extra lucky today  i have found 7 four-leaf clovers this morning 
"has had it with landlords, car dealers, and banks  all of them are taking part in a concerted effort to waste my time and money today  a return phone call, maybe a bit of customer service and a smidge of honesty is all i ask  i e playful ect too much, i guess "
is losing his award-winning <propfemale> at a rapid rate today 
hmmm    is it permissibile to have cake for breakfast?
today is the greatest 
"in keeping with my luck as of late, i have lost my debit card somewhere  yay me!"
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
