41fd6cdb80ea641402b83d46262794ba
happy new year according to the solar calender!!!!!!!!  love  my new keyboard sounds funny    like the keys are getting stuck in half -melted chocolate every time i type   smile 
"reading \an <propfemale> in the bone\"" !!!!!!!!!! the last \""outlander\"" installment!!!!!! so good! i love books!  laugh   love  *nerd*"""
"bio homework, bleh, putting off my 500 words for history  is that due on monday? 'cause i really feel like putting it off 'til tuesday   playful  haha, just realised, 'til tuesday  like, the band, 'til tuesday, err    anybody???? ah well, i guess i just know really obscure bands   "
"and i have got myself a question, that i would like to ask, when it gets to midnight will you take my freezing hand and dance?"
"two firsts at the orientation: \ball\"" was referred to as a \""normal last name\"" and i was told that i was \""not happy enough\""   surprise """
is anybody at resi interested in the best buddies program?
my sketchy internet connection bothers me immensely   
is confused  and pissed that she reached her monthly pandora limit in about ten days   playful 
"is extremely bored  and night is depressing me  and <propfemale>, thanks! i really appreciate it   love "
*kicks facebook chat in the face*     i think it's broken now   
finally got around to defining my political views  and darn are there a lot of things on that list!
facebook chat needs to go die in a hole 
my chat is working again!!!!! yay!!!!
i'm frusturated  i think i may have broken one of <propfemale>'s computers   
sleepover at elenaaaa's!!! we're so hypeeeerrrrrr!!!!!!!! (i feel like i'm 12 again!)
is texting random people 
"it's a turn-around jump shot, it's everybody jump st<propmale>, it's, every generation throws a hero up the pop ch<propmale>s, medicine is magical and magical is <propmale>, think of the boy in the bubble and the baby with the baboon he<propmale>"
is going to graceland
"some people are just a**holes  forget those people's misdeeds, <propfemale> those who do you good, and just keep moving onward "
"exquisite dead guy, outside my highrise apartment, exquisite dead guy, hanging from a skyhook  ba da ba ba ba ba da ba, ba da ba ba ba ba da ba  how am i supposed to let you know the way i feel about you? how am i supposed to let you know the way i feel about you?"
is chatting to people with whom she likes to speak!  smile  i take pride in my grammar  and happy birthday invizabella!
it feels weird to have finished my homework while it's still light outside    but i have nothing to do! i'm so booooorrrreeedddd
i'm so bored!!!!! someone talk to me!!
"just finished howl's moving castle  hmph! that was the only thing defending me from the evils of boredom  i guess i'll have to rely on the kind <propfemale> of my friends now  oh god, this won't end well   playful  jk, ily guys   love "
spirited away = love
is sad   sad 
"why can't things go back to the way things were, back when i knew all of the answers   love "
is writing a letter  fun fun  playful 
"is doin' her homeboy work    wow, that shows you how much i miss 8th grade     playful "
"how many times can a man turn his head and and pretend that he just doesn't see? how many ears must one man have, before he can hear people cry? how many deaths will it take till he knows, that too many people have died? the answer, my friend, is blowin in the wind, the answer is blowin in the wind "
"i have a headache, so i tried listening to the sound of silence (actual silence, not the song), but it didn't help  now i'm just continuing to listen to flood, chat with mah friends, and procrastinating like there's no tomorrow   playful "
is procrastinating    talk to me   smile 
"sing me a song that was a hit before your mother was born  though she was born a long, long time ago, your mother should know "
i really should be working    nah   
this is for all the lonely people  thinking that life has passed them by  don't give up until you drink from the silver cup  and ride that highway in the sky 
still crazy after all these years!  playful   love 
is so excited! is it the weekend yet?  love 
"apparently, ms  manack is now using dftba (don't forget to be awesome) as her theme of the year!!!!!! i introduced that to her!!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
jet!
"gaahhhhhh, i'm so excited!!!!!! seein' mah beckys!!!!!!!!!  hyper"
so excited!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i'm leavin' on a    suv!! don't know when i'll be back again, but babe i hate-err, love, to goooo!!"
"when i grow up, i'm going to be mrs  cry baby   laugh   love "
is in love with <propfirst> depp   love 
is watching 21 jump street purely for the <propfirst> depp   love 
pirates of the carribean 1 =  love 
i feel like a traitor  just got back from the atholton game   smile  (go gators    playful )
"stars training, then i'm camping  fun day, i hope   wink "
"how many years can some people exist, before they're allowed to be free?"
well that was extremely fun!  laugh  ily you guys!!!!  love 
"changed her language to pirate, and was impressed when she understood it easily  i however, was not impressed when it called me mum a wench  and i see no point in referring to girls as \lady cap'n\""s  i'm a firm believer in gender equality  girls can be cap'ns just as well as guys can  there's no need to set them apart   playful   love  imma nerd """
got some new chucks  bio project is hard  yeah  tmlrn
wow  <propmale> <propfirst> really is amazingly brilliant  i'm afraid i'd forgotten   love   laugh 
"homework for most of the day,  sad   but i'm gonna try to get together with <propfemale>, cause she's here this weekend  gah, bio is irritating me   sad  (i almost said imma in that, but then i remembered that i'm an upper-middle class white girl who lives in the rural suburbs  ;p)"
"happy birthday to the amazing <propmale> <propfirst>, a father of rock and roll and master of the guitar!!!!!! i  love   him!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh "
"one <propmale>, one shot, that's all anybody ever got  and i never knew before, but i feel like a child in a cold, cold war  so strong, so tough, sitting in suburbia, waiting for the wind up  and i dont want to dance, i just want to jump from the prison of circumstance "
"i just realized    i should have done an amusement park for the bio project  it would have been palisades park, and the cell type would have been a palisade cell   wink  (i now officially love anyone who understood that  unless you're actually from new jersey )"
lie still little bottle 
all i wanted was some ckickens  was that too much to ask?!!!
"and i think, maybe, but i don't know, but i'm starting to feel like i got a brain problem situation on my hands "
i'm in a feud  me and chickens are no longer on good terms   sad    playful 
"why am i up at two in the morning? oh yeah, i drowned in school    i remember the days when i could actually sleep    ahhh, those were nice "
"if i'm grumpy today, don't take it personally  it's just because i'm only now going to sleep  it's 2 smile 6 in the freakin' morning  bleh   playful "
why are my blueberries sparkly?
homeboywork  bleh  and i have a headache  this is going to be a fun night   indecision 
how did i manage to lose my freakin' binder!!! it's freakin' huge!!!!!! oh god   
i have a <propfirst> <propfirst> album on vinyl  this makes me feel happy inside   laugh   love 333333333333333333 <propfirst> <propfirst> is my one true love   laugh 
"we ain't too pretty, we ain't too proud  we might be laughing a bit too loud  ah, but that never hurt no one  only the good die young "
<propfirst> littmann is pretty darn amazing   love 
"readin' my english book, drawin' my cell mebrane, writin' my debate speech  good times, good times "
"oh my god! the ramones did \palisades park\""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my life is officially complete   love """
"play that funky music, white boy!!!!! play that funky music right!!!!! play that funky music, white boy! lay down that boogie and play that funky music till you die!!!!"
"omg, living in the material world by <propfirst> <propmale> on vinyl  best eight dollars ever spent  ever!  love  rip <propfirst>y!  love 33333333333333"
i'm listening to my <propfirst> <propfirst> album on the record player    does that make me a strange child?
"eatin' my salad, lis'nin' to my records  it's a good day   laugh "
   nik kershaw?????? what?
"my <propfirst> <propfirst> album is <propfirst> and staticy  this upsets me greatly  stupid used record shop, not cleaning their vinyl before they resell it   playful "
hopes that a picture of herself being pushed in a shopping cart by her friends will be okay for the spanish project 
"listening to records, farmville, sleeping  busy afternoon   playful "
"i'm quite sorry <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst>, but i do believe i've missed the love train  this upsets me deeply   sad "
"great green gobs of greasy grimy gopher guts, mutilated monkey's meat, chopped up birdies feet, french-fried eyeballs swimming in a pool of blood, and i forgot my spoon! but i got my straw! *slurp* ahhh! i  love  girl scouts  can you tell that i miss camp?"
"hey, guess what! i love music  yeah   love "
"is upset, because someone's stayin' alive 45 keeps skipping  thanks mother!"
i just accidently tried to listen to <propfemale> road at 45 rpm  it sounded amusing   laugh  (is big dork)
i let the drums do the talking   smile 
"dear people of farmville, send me hay bales please?? love, <propfemale>"
"my mother bought the song \kung fu fighting\"" when it first came out  she was 8 years old  that girl has some taste  playful !  on vinyl  my life is now complete   laugh """
xandi <propmale> is pretty cool   laugh   love 
<propfemale> <propfemale> kass is made of awesome!  love 
locked out of my house  watching degrassi at <propfemale>'s house  i'm so stupid   sad   playful 
"turns out i was just bad at opening the garage, i actually wasn't locked out  way to go, <propfemale>  well, that one hour wasted   playful "
"your mother was an hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries!"
is walking to bloom to get some chocolate icing  who's with me?!
eatin my chocolate cake that i made  woohoo!  playful 
"wait, tomorrow is    wacky tacky day  okay    time to pull out random stuff from my closet "
"sorry people that i am chatting with are trying to chat with me, but chat is being annoying  trying messaging me instead   laugh  thank ya lovies!"
i'm pretty sure that's illegal in most states     playful 
"i'm singing! \iii'mmm movin' out!\"" \""eeeeeeverybody haaaaas a dreeeeeam!\"" \""seeing me and <propfirst> down by the schoolyard!\"""""
"stick your head in the microwave and get yourself a tan! talk with your mouth full, bite the hand that feeds you, bite off more than you can chew! what can you do? dare to be stupid!!!!! i love weird <propmale>!  love "
"home from the homecoming game, carving my pumpkin! it's going to be    sulu!!!! i miss all of my friends who aren't going to resi   sad   love "
"wow, this halloween was suckish compared to other years    but probably better than homecoming! free <propfemale>!!! went around with xandi <propmale>, <propfemale> blough, and <propfirst> hahn  we were cool   laugh  i was a vulcan science medical officer in <propfemale>fleet  (or, as people kept referring to me, spock the one with pointy ears, from <propfemale> trek)"
"\fo shizzle mah nizzle\"" = \""i concur with you wholeheartedly my african american brother\"" i  love  mlia"""
"i think i'm in love    with <propmale> garfunkel's new york-accented, tenor voice  it's made of magic!  love "
my surname is not telrunya 
"i can't stop listening to \we didn't start the fire\"" by <propfirst> <propfirst>!!!! it's soooo good!  love """
why do i feel like i'm gonna get two minutes of sleep tonight?   
"well i officially got 20 minutes of sleep! yay!! and i'm not even exagerrating, i literally went to bed at 5:45 am  because i'm stupid, and a horrible example of humanity "
"when i look back on all that crap i learned in high school, it's a wonder i can think at all  but my lack of education hasn't hurt me none  (except perhaps your grasp of double negatives) i can read the writing on the wall "
"yo, are you going to scarborough fair?"
"yo, are you going to scarborough fair? cause if you are, then maybe we could go together  don't worry though, i'll let you dance with the pretty girls, dancing in their <propfemale> dresses, with their elegant masks  i'll just stand, smelling of parsley, <propfemale>, <propfemale> and thyme  and this is the part where i tell you i've loved you forever, but we can skip that part if you'd like  (if you get this quote, then i love you!)"
"ummm    why are there scottish people singing in my head??? wait, i hear    bagpipes???"
"i'm sorry, but you're not iggy pop, so put on a damn shirt!"
"if the modern world underestimates three things, it underestimates: soul music, motown, and the temptations "
"if i've told you once, i've told you a million times: i didn't shoot the freakin' deputy!!!!!!!!"
i love music so much it hurts!!!!!!!!!!!
"coolness, i finished my homework at a reasonable time! goodnight!"
"alright, whoever here is in my algebra 2 class raise your hands  okay, now who knows what the homework is?"
i miss <propfirst> <propmale> so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it feels like autumn outside  i love it   laugh   love 
"can i take my shoes off, <propmale>? holy cabooses!!!! <propfemale> ichniowski  love "
all-nighters for the lose  this'll be an intereseting night   
"i don't know whether it's too late at night or too early in the morning, but whatever the case, it is 2:10 am, and my brain is no longer functioning "
new york city  love 
"just got back from new york city with her homies  i  love  them   laugh  got some <propfirst> sinatra and the tempts vinyl, so i'm, pretty happy about that   laugh  and <propfirst> day's album, parrot stories, is love   love "
am i a tricholtillomaniac? i think that is a big possibility   
"and i should know, 'cause i am a horticulturist  i have a husband and three children down in lexington, mass  and my ex-boyfriend can't tell me i've sold out  because he's in a cult  and he's not allowed to talk to me "
is sick and weighing the suckiness of going to school sick against the suckiness of making up work     sad 
"is not going to school tomorrow, and is going to bed now  i would be happy if i didn't feel like crap so much   sad "
is too sick to enjoy her day off of school  bleh   sad 
"did ya miss me?!    you don't have to answer that  actually, don't answer it at all  i preferr that my insignificance go unconfirmed "
drama homework   indecision 
why is everone a turkey baster today?
trying to speed write an essay  it's not working 
i blame my adhd
"they had the script of \angels in america\"" in the school library  i checked it out  i am now the happiest girl alive """
"people all over the world! join in! start a love train, love train! all of you brothers over in africa, tell all the folks in egypt, and <propmale>, too! please don't miss this train at the station! 'cause if you miss it, i feel sorry, sorry for you!"
maybe i should do my homework   
"sipping hot tea, listening to motown records, reading angels in <propfemale>  today is a good day "
"should be working  whatever, i missed an episode of ugly <propfemale>  i'm still holding on to that as my last link to normalcy: the tradition of watching a tv show ritually "
"i  love  <propfirst> cooke  and <propmale> <propfemale>  and <propfirst>my <propmale> jr  and <propmale> redding  and <propmale> <propmale>  and <propfirst> <propmale>  and <propmale> stubbs  and nat \king\"" <propmale>  are you catching the pattern here?"""
i thought it was fool proof  i guess i was wrong 
"debate   love  we're pretty much amazing  just got back from the tournament, which i left for at 6:50  yes, i just spent saturday like a school day, except that the ice cream machine was on all day, and it was 4 5 hours longer  and i spent the day walking from the 3rd floor to the cafeteria and back again "
"humans are stupid, but i love them "
darn it  stupid broncos just scored   sad 
"campbell needs to stop passing incompletes  i swear, half of his passes are incomplete "
yay! 14-14
feild goal!! 17-17 
touchdown!!!!!!!!!!! 24-17!!!  laugh 
redskins beat broncos 27-17!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woohoo!
pretty sunset   smile 
"oh my, i actually have to do homework now!!! oops   "
"then i go to my brother and i say brother help me please, but he winds up knockin' me back down on my knees   oh, there been times that i thought i couldn't last for long, but now i think i'm able to <propfemale> on  it's been a long, a long time comin', but i know a change gonna come, oh yes it will   crying  rip <propfirst> cooke "
"it's too late to turn back now, i beleive, i believe, i believe i'm fallin' in love! it's too late for me, but you can still be free if you leave now, and don't look back, my love "
"i wish i could be the person everybody thinks that i'm not  surrender to an image and your personality becomes lost  i wish i could stop reacting badly when you speak to me, push away reaction and just show you what i want you to see  i don't want to be the one who always leaves you out in the rain  every time i try i always end up making the same mistakes "
"in this everchanging world, it's nice to know that some things will never change  and some people will never grow up   smile   love "
"??i'm in love with a welshman, and his name is ianto!??"
"<propfirst> <propfirst>, you're kind of amazing  just letting you know, 'cause, ya know, i love ya!  love "
"if you wanna know, if he loves ya so, it's in his kiss  *that's where it is!* oh, it's in his kiss!"
"just one look, and i knew that you were my only one, ohhhh  i thought i was i dreamin', but i was wrong, yeah, yeah, yeah, but i'm gonna keep on scheming til i can make you, make you my oooooown "
and then she said    'just because you've become a young man now there's still some things that you don't understand now  before you ask some girl for her hand now  keep your freedom for as long as you can now' my mama told me   'you better shop around'
it even makes you happy when your feeling blue
"people all over the world, join hands, start a love train, love train"
"is reading up on making the hajji, with <propfirst> <propmale> blasting   smile  i am happy with my mother's decision to keep all of her college textbooks  i totally forgot she majored in sociology   laugh "
could it be i'm falling in love with you?
is this love that i'm feelin'?
i love nerds  they make me happy inside 
"what becomes of the broken-hearted? who have love that's now departed  i know i've got to find, some kind of peace of mind  help me please!"
"\i finally did something about it  but was it the right thing?\"""""
"i'm stuck on the stupid computer  it annoys me  i can't even chat on this thing  bleh  whatever, i have my <propfirst> sinatra album, so i'm happy   laugh   love "
"no i would not give you false hope, on this strange and mournful day, but the mother and child reu-nion is only a motion away "
"oh, am i fooling you? do you fall for it all, or do you just see right through? are you as cool as yopu believe?"
"and i never knew before, but i feel like a child in a cold, cold war  so strong, so tough sitting in surburbia, waiting for the wind up  and i don't wanna dance, i just wanna jump from the prison of circumstance  why am i thinking of, you and me and the labour of love?"
"is wallowing in self-pity  i need to stop  seriously  i'm becoming way too self-absorbed  tell me your problems, so i can start having real pity please  kthanxbai!!!"
"i have my books, and my poetry to protect me; i am shielded in my armor  hiding in my room, safe within my womb, i touch no one and no one touches me  i am a rock, i am an island  and a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries "
"i am just a poor girl, though my story's seldom told  i have squandered my resistance for a pocket full of mumbles such are promises, all lies and jests  still a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest "
"every time i think of you i feel shot right through with a bolt of blue  every day my confusion grows  every time i see you falling i get down on my knees and pray  i'm waiting for that final moment, you'll say the words that i can't say "
"exquisite dead guy, rotating in his display case  exquisite dead guy, swear i saw his mouth move  ba ba da ba ba ba da ba  ba ba da ba ba ba da ba  ba ba da ba ba ba da ba  ba ba da ba ba ba da ba  how am i supposed to let you know the way i feel!!!!!! about you!"
"it envelopes you in it's warmth, but you know that if you let it continue on, it will begin to control you  you allow yourself to be lulled into a false sense of peace and security, knowing full well the consequences  and yet you can't keep it from consuming you, and soon it controls you  but is it a disease, or just a soft blanket? and what lies after the long sleep?"
"i love hot chocolate! and soul music! and i have both, so i'm happy!  laugh "
i love my friends!  smile   love  thank you!  laugh   love 
"so lost and scared, i cannot say  these are the days we will remember, but what if i choose the wrong thing? i don't know anymore, whereas i used to be so sure  always moving and going nowhere  i'm at the edge of the <propmale>, one wrong step and i'll tumble down "
"this is where the party ends, 'cause i can't stand here listening to you and your racist friend  i know that politics bore you, but i feel like a hypocrite talking to you, you and your racist friend "
"mr  horrible, mr  horrible! telephone call for mr  horrible! it's the ugliness man, mr  horrible!"
"sorry darlings, my chat isn't working very well, i'm not ignoring you! i'll be on the good computer in a hour or so, so you can wait 'til then, or just gmail chat me  i think my gmail is on my profile    maybe   laugh "
"dinner, maybe my chat will work properly after a nice reboot!  playful   laugh "
"haha, elena: \someone needs to throw some da*m water on that effin' boy!\"" ily!  love """
"why is it so hard, why do i have to stress this much? i never wanted this, but now i have to justify my need of justification  this train can't take me anywhere, but i'll keep waiting for it to move  and it seems like it goes on like this forever, and i'm cryin, ain't i?"
is conflicted like no one's business  xandi <propmale> thank you for putting up with my conflictedness and self-pity!  love 
"ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no valley low enough, ain't no river wide enough, to keep me from gettin' to you babe  no wind, no rain, nor winter's cold can stop me, if you're my goal "
the thriller just came on my motown station on pandora!
"of course my affection's super illustrated and i like to give; don't reciprocate it, unless you could give me someone innovated  well lets cook it up, we don't refrigerate it  but back to the country of the educated where people get robbed and they celebrate it "
"the streets here have <propfirst>, the buildings in blocks, but none of the street signs are pointing to you  i've seen a whole different world, but now the sky's getting darker, the air getting cooler, and i just can't win anymore  so forgive me my darling, we all have impossible dreams   sad "
"leaving for twelfth night at marritt's ridge, back at 10 smile 0!  laugh   love "
i'm not anitsocial!!!!!! i just    don't like to talk to people that i don't know   
"and, at 11:16 pm, <propfemale> embarks on the perilous task of doing her homework!"
"and so you see i have come to doubt, all that i once held as true  i stand alone without beliefs  the only truth i know is you  and as i watch the drops of rain, weave their weary paths and die, i know that i am like the rain: there but for the grace of you go i   love "
"away, i'd rather sail away, like a swan that's here and gone  a man gets tied up to the ground  he gives the world its saddest sound  i'd rather be a <propmale> than a street  yes i would  if i could, i surely would  i'd rather feel the earth beneath my feet, yes i would  if i only could, i surely would "
for the children and the flowers are my sisters and my brothers  their laughter and their loveliness could clear a cloudy day  and the song that i am singing is a prayer to non-believers  come and stand beside us; we can find a better way 
"don't be scared  don't be scared to love, better to love than never love at all  don't be scared  don't be shy  don't be shy to tell, you may lose the <propmale> to tell  don't be shy "
"now knows how to drive! basically, it's like bop it! \spin it! bop it! twist it! flick it! pull it!\"" = \""spin the wheel! bop the horn! twist the windsheild wiper thingy! flick your turn signal on! pull the gear shift!\"""""
"these are the days, the days we will remember, so come away with me and see what the world has to offer us "
noooooooo! my pandora reached its 40 hour limit for november!!!!!!!
"if only angels could prevail, we'd be the the way way we were  wake up! unnerve the bright red day! we learn to say goodbye "
"i wish i could be the person everybody thinks that i'm not  surrender to an image and your personality becomes lost  every time i try i always end up making the same mistakes  i wish i could stop reacting badly when you speak to me, push away reaction and just show you what i want you to see "
this is the drowning horse song  *drowning horse noise* it features the drowning horse  *drowning horse noise* it is the drowning horse song  *drowning horse noise* and it hasn't got a cow in it    *moooooooooo*     yes it does 
"i remember how we were before you became intoxicating  i remember how we were before i could feel my will escaping  i remember how we were before my mind was inundated, with wishes of you getting lost in me "
ushering noises off!
noises off = fantastic!
is sick   sad  hopefully i'll get better by tomorrow  i hate make-up work  though i guess we won't be doing much   
"darn it skins, so close, so close  ugh "
"will humans be dumb and free or some amazing catastrophe? never too scared to bare, to care, to running to the riot, where the moment meets the most beautiful thing i know  and the most beautiful thing is something new, i dunno why  i know all there is, i know "
"we must have free will, we have no choice "
"i wish i could stop reacting badly when you speak to me  push away reaction and just show you what i want you to see  i don't want to be the one who's always getting in your way  if i let you go, you could be better for it anyway "
"is sicker than yesterday   sad  i think that all of my enzymes are denatured by now   sad  fill me in on the homework, por favor   laugh "
i wonder when you guys come home from school   
"wow, being sick is kind of suckish   sad "
"has to go play \where in the world is <propfirst> sandiego?\"""""
"<propfirst> sandiego kept freezing, so i came back to the internet  stupid 8 year old computer games that require windows 95 "
dear people with whom i am chatting: excuse me for a moment as i reboot my computer 
is not on facebook  sorry 
my ears hurt  because i have a sore throat  don't you hate that?
"i can't promise that i'll find a way with you  i can't promise  no, i can't promise that i'll love you  but i'd like to get to know you (yes i would), yes i'd like to get to know you (if i could)  i'd like to get to know you "
"is still sick, bleh  i actually kind of wanted to go to career day, but whatever  ha, i just realized that my peers will be home in around an hour, and i just woke up   smile "
soup = best part of being sick   playful  yummy!  laugh 
welcome home people! did you enjoy school?  playful 
can't find her phone   indecision 
i have come to a conclusion  the <propmale> brothers are completely insane 
"d, world destruction  over and overture  n, do i need  apostrophe t, need this torture?"
"facebook is really starting to annoy me  sorry people i'm chatting, apparently my connection isn't cool enough for fb chat   playful "
the <propfirst> lopez marathon on nickatnite makes me happy   smile 
"wow, it's remarkable how many people chatted me while i was away from the computer  i feel    popular!  playful  sorry lovies, i was busy watching <propfirst> lopez, that mexican is funny!!!!"
just got beatles rockband  'nuf said   laugh  happy thanksgiving everyone!  love 
"is at her grandparent's house in connecticut  playing poker, watching football  yup, love thgis place!  laugh   love "
"gaaaaah, make-up work for the lose   sad "
"i'm a sucker for stability, which might come as a surprise, but i can't help but love the way you smile to one side  c="
why is it always like this? 10 smile 0 and a pile of homework in front of me   sad 
"oh school, what would i do witgout you? oh, i know, lay around the house and play poker and watch tv and play beatles rockband   playful "
"homework   playful  and psychiatrist later  yup, i'm insane   laugh  you should be scared, very scared   playful "
"it's fun to steal, it's fun to break a heart  but only once will i warn you this way  it's fun to steal  but the day you change your ways, you'll find out there's a price to be paid "
"is reading a book about detroit, motown, racism against african americans, rock 'n' roll music, soul music, and r&b music  win "
"square pegs, square pegs, square, square pegs  always never quite right  square pegs, square pegs, square, square pegs  i'd like it if they liked us, but i don't think they like us  square pegs, square pegs, square, square pegs  so tell me where's the party, and how come we weren't invited? square pegs, square pegs, square, square pegs  one size does not fit all "
"turn around, turn around, there's a thing there that can be found  turn around, turn around, it's a human skull on the ground  human skull, on the ground, turn around "
so close to finishing my homework  so close!  smile 
"half of the time we're gone but we dont know where, and we dont know where "
"finally knows the lyrics to the song that has been stuck in my head all day! thank god for the internet, eh?"
there is so much amazing music in this world  it makes me feel nice inside   smile 
"i'm tempted to stay up really late tonight, just for the satisfaction of listening to \wednesday morning 3 a m \"" at 3 am on wednesday morning  that's probably the part of me that got excited when \""ruby tuesday\"" came on at 12 surprise 1 am yesterday night this morning   laugh """
the 21st century is when it all changes  and we've got to be ready 
"just pwned lop part 2! oh yeah, i officially have no life!"
needs a ride for girl scouts  anyone?  smile 
"seems like something out of a dream i had years ago, yes i remember screaming  nobody laughing, all the good times getting harder to come by without weeping "
girl scouts soon  i  love  <propfemale> brown!!!!!
if you give a mouse a cookie   
off to play beatles rockband!
"back from debate, homework and practicing for wedding singer auditions   smile   love "
i just realized that i'm going back to my school for my brother's middle school band concert   smile 
"just got back from the middle school concert, and now i miss middle school   sad  don't get me wrong, i love resi & all my new friends, but i miss all my friends who went to atown and hammond, and mr  reinhardt and ms  <propfemale> and all the hammond middle teachers, and all my friends in 7th and 8th grade this year  i'm getting all nostalgic   playful "
about to go to cheeburger cheeburger!!!
"omg!!!! i just woke up this morning and there was count dracula cereal!!!! that stuff is tasty man! normally we just get it for halloween, but we gut it on sale!! yay!!!! *is blatantly making fun of the people who are freaking out over the snow*  laugh   love "
"my feet are *still* growing! you would think that once they got to the unlucky- well    *luck-related* number of 13 (!!) that they would stop, but no, they are giving no implications of ceasing growing  the only shoes in the mall that are in my size and i would actually would wear in public are chucks, because they are unisex, so they have bigger sizes for guys!"
"trying to practice for the wedding singer auditions    by singing once on this island songs? not even remotely close song styles, but hey, it's still broadway, ain't it?  playful "
"if anyone sees any giant red balloons tethered to the ground text me at 240-547-7159  (or if you don't have texting call 301-362-0011) please! please include the number on the balloon and an address or street intersection near it! thank you <propfemale> much, this is for a competition for $40,000 all for a <propfemale>! dftba!"
"i'm so excited!! my dad's work is having a holiday party at the smithsonian museum of natural history tonight, and we will be watching the movie \night at the museum 2\"" because that's where it takes place!!!! so we'll be watching scenes take place where we are sitting!!!! so cool! *nerd*  laugh """
"just take a deep breath and let it all go  but if it comes back, and your wellbeing continues to be attacked, then walk away from all of the lies and deceit, and be free "
tonight's gonna be a long night  bleh   playful 
"i'm thinking about you right now  i've been doing that more lately  ps: auditions were good, congrats to everyone who went today!"
"is taking a nap, so don't bother me!"
you're the only thing that's keeping me going 
my last name is ball 
"you may be right, i may be crazy, but it just may be a lunatic you're looking for   laugh   playful   love "
"just went outside and caught snow with her tongue  i had to come back in because of an eye-related injury  \i can do so many things with my tongue!!!!!!!\"" ~ <propfemale> <propmale>"""
is sleeping now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   love 
"forgive me my darling, we have impossible dreams     love "
"half of the time we're gone but we don't know where, and we don't know where "
just had to go out into the freezoing cold darkness with a wrench and flashlight to fix the internet    grrrr    
we learn to say goodbye
"callbacks were cool, barely did anything though, except for the lead, which i probably am not getting  whatever, the only part in my range is <propfirst> anyway   smile  yay for the ensemble!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   love "
"homewoooooooooooooooooooooooork  yup  i propcrastinate chronically  whatever, i'm already half done   laugh "
"we give our problems to the sea, but they'll be back for you and me  in our haste, we forget, leaving our mistakes behind  out of sight is out of mind  our disposable mankind, what a waste "
i feel like an intellectual   smile 
struggling to surrender
"i'm trying to tell you something about my life, maybe give me insight between black and white  the best thing you've ever done for me is to help me take my life less seriously, it's only life after all  well darkness has a hunger that's insatiable and lightness has a call that's hard to hear  i sailed my ship of safety till i sank it, i'm crawling on your shore "
"e playful eriencing problems    yup, that pretty much sums it up   smile "
"i apologize if i seem a bit standoffish in chat or don't answer your texts, i have a headache like you would not believe  bleh   playful  have a nice life!  love   laugh "
i want to go to sleep 
"there's more than one answer to these questions, pointing me in crooked line  the less i seek my source for some definitive, the closer i am to fine "
"oh no!!! i just found out that <propfirst> travers of <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> died this september! while listening to their song \early mornin' rain\""!  crying """
the passing of time and all of its sickening crimes is making me sad again  but don't forget the songs that made you cry and the songs that saved your life   love 
"stop complaining about teachers and the work they give  teachers are human too! it's their job to discipline you  don't be so damn rude! get over it, they aren't going to let you step all over 'em  and yeah, they give a lot of work, but it's their job, and you're gonna have to work in the real world, so don't be so damn lazy!"
"why is it all so    why can't i    why do i    unfinished questions left dangling in my mind what is right, what is wrong, what fits, what is good, what is bad relativity only one thing is really certain"
"i'm feeling kind of 80's, listening to my cure and nik kershaw   smile   love "
"am i scaring you away or are you as confused as i? tell me please, because it's never been like this for me before "
"gahhhh, bio extra credit  it confuzzles mah brains  and makes me feel like i'm not smarter than a 4th grader  which is not a happy feeling "
my sanity is gradually slipping away   
"i’m not a complex person, wind me up and watch me go  you’ll always be second to my love for the unknown  and it’s too late for me, but you can still be free if you leave now, and don’t look back, my love "
i'm trying to do my homework really fast!!!!!    it's not working   
"i don’t know much of my life  but i know, i want people to know: maybe i might sing along, as if, this was only a song  but now the sky’s getting darker, the air getting cooler, and i just can’t win anymore  so forgive me, my darling, we all have impossible dreams "
"argh!!! my dad forgot i had the gift exchange dinner thingy!!! can anyone give me a ride? i doubt it, but it never hurts to ask   smile "
i  love  mah girl scout sistahs   playful  i can't spell today   playful   laugh   love 
"i just saw a tutuorial on youtube enititled \como usar openoffice \"" i was so excited because i knew what it meant   laugh  *nerd*"""
"wanna go to bed, but i need to finish writing stuff yeah  you didn't know it, but that was a song in my head  yeah, my sanity is going down the drain right about now     playful "
"i'm decreasing worldsuck! join the project for awesome right now! go to youtube and search for project for awesome 2009, and watch a bunch of videos! it's very inspiring, because they are all about charities!  laugh   love  dftba! (don't forget to be awesome!)"
i hate ignorance  makes me want to punch someone 
"today was a bad day, and i'm anticipating tomorrow being worse   sad  whatever, i'll get over it   smile "
"but i'd like to get to know you, yes i would  but i'd like to get to know you, if i could yes i'd like to get to know youuuu   smile   love "
"is it just me, or has this week been suckish and kind of depressing? *sigh* have a great weekend everyone!  love "
"i tried to lower my gaze  it didn't work  now i can't stop banging my head on the wall  just sitting here, waiting "
"did you know that the united states is one of only *two* countries in the <propfemale> (the only country not in the <propfemale> is north korea   ) along with somalia that did not ratify the childrens rights convention! yup, we have no legal rights  sucks for us   playful "
donating to <propfemale>!  laugh   love  miss you   love 
"i'm not that good at writing, but i thought you should know: every song's about you cause you're everything i know   love "
mah chat is not working!!! all of the cars on our driveway resemble giant marshmallows   laugh 
"kidz bop sings the beatles???? really, really? *shakes head*"
i'm so confused  i don't know anything anymore 
"the federal government is closed on monday, and they never close  the last time they closed was during the 2003 blizzard! hoco will probably close too then, so don't freak out guys, they never post it until the early morning "
hoco is clooooooosed!  laugh 
the mall was crazy! ignorant people irk me 
happy yule and winter solstice everyone!!!!!!!!! hope you have a great shortest day of the year!!!!!
"so climb down the chimney; put up the brightest string of lights i've ever seen! slice up the fruitcake; it's time we <propmale> some tinsel on that evergreen bough! for i've grown a little leaner, grown a little colder, grown a little sadder, grown a little older, and i need a little angel sitting on my shoulder need a little christmas now! haul out the <propfemale>; now well i taught you all to live each living day!"
no school tomorrow  that makes sense  more time for cleaning  yay    do i sound excited to you? 'cause i'm not 
i hate when i leave my facebook up and people try to talk to me even though the computer is off!
"someday at christmas there'll be no wars, when we have learned what christmas is for  when we have found what life's really worth, there'll be peace on earth  <propmale> 5  love "
my eye is inflamed and i have to go to the doc tomorrow   sad  but now i get to play where in the world is <propfirst> sandiego? i feel like a little kid   laugh   love 
"just please remember the songs that made you cry, the songs that made you smile, remember the songs that saved your life all those years ago "
"why do i always seem to be fixing my internet in my pijamas, bear feet, and a coat?"
"why do i always seem to be fixing my internet in my pijamas, bare feet, and a coat?"
"just had to take down my smoke alarm, look up the <propmale> online, and take out the battery, because it was chirping so loud  ten minutes of my life, wasted because *someone* didn't replace the alarm from 1999 in ten years, like you're supposed to   playful "
"back from <propfemale>'s, i  love  the beatles, <propmale> & garfunkel, <propfirst> <propfirst>, and my girl scout family   laugh   love "
life i love you! all is groovy   laugh   love 
is staying off of facebook and trying to get her homework done  and it's working!!!!! i'm nearly done!  laugh  it's the little things   love 
"wher've all the flowers gone? girls have picked them everyone  wher've all the girls gone? gone for husbands everyone  wher've all the husbands gone? gone for soldiers everyone  wher've all the soldiers gone? gone to graveyards, everyone  wher've all the graveyards gone? gone to flowers, everyone  wher've all the flowers gone? girls have picked them everyone  oh, when will they ever learn? when will they ever learn?"
green
"we come on the ship they call the mayflower, we come on the ship that sailed the <propfemale>  we come in the age's most uncertain hours and sing an american tune! oh, and it's alright, it's all right, it's all right, you can't be forever blessed  still, tomorrow's going to be another working day and i'm trying to get some rest  that's all i'm trying to get some rest   smile "
"grrr, i could have been in bed hours ago  but no, i had to help my brother with his pre-algebra homework   playful "
girl scout camp stuff came in the mail!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh   love  excited!
"sorry to everyone that's texted me and i haven't responded!! (no <propfemale>, a hobo is not getting your texts to me  laugh ) i lost my phone and still haven't found it!!!"
"trying to write my english essay    bleh  in more exciting news: i can play a horse with no name by <propfemale> on guitar now!!!!!!!! i know, big accomplishment (it only has two chords that are really easy to play and are right next to each other), but hey, it's something!  laugh "
"when the night has come, and the land is dark, and the <propfemale> is the only light we'll see  no i won't be afraid, no i won't be afraid, just as long as you stand, stand by me   love "
"my computer irks me  ughhhhh, why won't you woooooork!"
my homework is done!!!!??? wha????????? i don't know what to do with myself!!!! i think i'll    watch sweeney <propmale> and then learn <propfirst> day's no sacrifice on guitar!
has the strange urge to solve a rubik's cube  anyone have one?  playful   love 
"when it comes down to it, all you have is yourself  so just be who you want to be, and you'll do fine   smile "
"help haiti!!!!!!! they just had an earthquake!!!! text \haiti\"" to 90999 to give $10 (charged on your phone <propmale>) to red cross to help haitians!  love """
and you're stuck; you can't do anything but accept the past and decide what to do with what you have been given 
"everywhere i go, i get slander, libel! i hear words i never heard in the bible! and i'm one step ahead of the shoeshine, two steps away from the county line  i'm just tryin' to keep the customer satisfied, satisfied!"
rubik's cube!!!!!!!! it shall be defeated!!!!!
"wow, i'm sooooo bad at doing homework it's not even funny  bleh, i wanna go to sleep   smile "
"juszt pwned that rubik's cube!!!! yeah, 5 minutes, i'm that amazing!!  playful  yeah, i'm a nerd    and proud!  laugh "
my internets are broken   sad  (i'm at <propfemale>'s) text me if you love me!  laugh 
"finally has internet! good thing, because my history day project is a website   smile "
just got home and i feel like i'm about to collapse  x|
i love music and people and words and love and life   smile 
i'm such a bad person  why am i so awful????
"particle man, particle man, doing the things a particle can  what's he like? it's not important, particle man!  laugh  tmbg =  love "
"my prophecy has been self-fulfilled  blegh, i'm sick   sad  and i'm doing history day   sad  will i seem like a slacker if i don't come to school tomorrow? i promise i'll email her my project!"
i love    i love   love 
i just made some caramel   laugh  i like being snowed in   laugh   love 
"i wish i could do a lot of things that i can't and be a lot of things that i'm not, but i'll always be myself, yes i'll give me all i've got "
"oh, i'm going to listen to my 45's, ain't it wonderful to be alive, when the rock 'n' roll plays, when the memory stays! i'm keeping the faith, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, keeping the faith!"
"a sad fact widely known: the most impassionate song to a lonely soul is so easily outgrown  but dont forget the songs that made you smile, and the songs that made you cry, when you lay in awe, on the bedroom floor "
it all becomes clear as the tides wash away 
"omgbeggezez, <propmale> <propfirst> + lady gaga = epic? i think so   laugh   love "
"<propmale> milsom's \internet love song\"" = my life right now   joyful   love """
"the suspense, mr  lies, it's killing me!"
"in the new century, i think we'll all be insane!"
is learning to write with her left hand!  laugh  is anyone left handed?
"according to a personality test, i am messy, tough, disorganized, fearless, not rule conscious, likes the unknown, rarely worries, rash, attracted to the counter culture, rarely irritated, positive, resilient, abstract, not a perfectionist, risk taker, strange, weird, self reliant, leisurely, dangerous, anti-authority, trusting, optimistic, positive, thrill seeker, likes bizarre things, sarcastic  am i?"
"woah    hi facebook! i haven't seen you in, like, forever!!!  joyful  how have you been?"
"opening night, like you didn't know already   joyful  come and see the wedding singer, it's gonna be gorgeus and hilarious and beautiful and amazing and fantabulous   joyful "
"one size fits all seems to be their thinking's lowdown! that barely works for socks, why would it work for mental breakdowns???????"
the number of my online friends just shot up to 71  the chorus people must be back now  *prepares for onslaught*
"why is flood such an amazing album?    well, probably because tmbg is such an amazing band    *sings \particle man\"" and \""lucky ball and chain\""*"""
"weird day, kind of confusing, but mostly boring   "
"so why do they keep talking at me, telling me that i’m the one who’s wrong; one size fits all would seem to be their thinking’s lowdown, but it barely works for socks, why would it work for mental breakdowns? and they say you’ll never love me, the way that i love you  but they’ve not been right so far, so i think, that i’ll continue toooooo *mental breakdown*"
"gah, stupid old computer is stupid and old  and my trichiliomania is really bad right now  and today has been really confusing and emotionally mentally exhausting  so you might say i'm ready for it to be tomorrow    "
"just spent the last hour watching tedtalks (basically lectures about interesting stuff by geniuses for geniuses  laugh ), and i feel much better   joyful  i love being a socially inadequate nerd with a lot of free time again   joyful  so, how was your day?  love "
"oh my, it would appear that i'm turning back into a facebook-procrastinator    i'd forgotten that this is what i do when i have actual time to waste   "
i'm totally going to see weezer and <propmale> folds in april! there is no way i'm going to miss that!
"i remember when there were only 150 of you; well, technically 151 if you are counting mew, but i digress, i guess i spent the best years of my little life (didn't get out much) surfing cinnabar island to get 126 revives! and i miss the pokémon center, i miss its music too  and the way that snorlax looked like lapras on water  pokémon, what happened to you?"
"i just realized that i match every statement in the sinatra song \the lady is a tramp \"" win   love """
" annoyed  i wish i wasn't so damn smart, this is killing me "
"meh, i need a hug "
ewan mcgregor pwns life  just sayin' 
i am the very model of a so-ci-al inadequate! *<propfemale> sings*
"oh my, oh my, woe is me  on another note: i haz ice cream on a stick! my life = complete   joyful "
"being kicked off of the good computer, mehmehshmehmeh"
go on  http annoyed  www humanmetrics com cgi-win jtypes2 asp take it! taaaake iiiit  you know you want to ;p
"and said do you have a <propmale>? she looked at me and smiled, and said she did not know  punk rock girl give me a <propmale>!! punk rock girl let's go slamdance!!!!! we'll dress like <propfemale> <propfemale>! just you and me punk rock giiiiiiirl!"
"confusing day, and i've had the worst headache since 3rd period  but sleepover with mah girls later   joyful   love "
"people need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness, they are not looking for a cure only acceptance  93% of you probably won't copy and paste this~will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour  special education week march 22nd to the 26th  go on copy and paste "
your future's in an oblong box 
why do i do this to myself???? it must be my constant need of a challenge   
"i'm sorry for what my people did to your people, all those years ago, so please don't hate me!  love "
"rock and roll come and save me! yeah, i listen to rancid     don't judge me!  playful "
"you're certainly not making this any easier on me; imagine how hard it will be to say goodbye  this ain't how they said it would be when they told me love was all you needed, back when we were all younger and freer and searching for a reason and a saviour "
 love  for ianto!!!!!!!!!!! he's kind of the love of my lfe  just sayin   playful   joyful 
"beatles rockband with the fam; so stressful, yet so much fun   joyful   love  <propfemale> littleton ball"
this is the dawning of the age of aquarius   joyful 
"meh, bio project   annoyed  text?  love "
"my father recently purchased a loaf of bread, which was desribed as \whole wheat white \"" have the rules of the universe been irrevocably altered? and what effect will this alteration have on the outcome of this world? i fear for my life   """
"now i know how <propfirst> of arc, as the flames <propfemale> to her <propmale> nose, and her walkman started to melt "
"i miss holding down the b button when i thought it made it easier, i miss surfing to the truck and using strength to try and move it, i miss watching my charmander evolve into a charmeleon, i won’t accept your leaf green, they’ll always be red and blue to me!"
"don't forget the songs that made you cry, and the songs that saved your life  yes you're older now, and you're a clever swine, but they were the only ones that ever stood by you! oooooooh, do you love me like you used to?"
yay for procrastination on the bio project!  chronic sarcasm
"student syndrome plagues me   annoyed  oh well, i'm not tired anyway   "
weltschmerz  annoyed 
"practicing guitar!  joyful  wow, it's been so long, i certainly hope i haven't forgotten everything   "
"please direct your feet, to the <propfemale> side of the street  kthnxbai   playful   love "
"i love playing the horse with no name by <propfemale> on guitar, because it makes me sound cool   joyful     no one needs to know that it is one of the easiest songs *ever* to play    > >  playful  i iz bored, text meh? what are some songs i should learn on guitar?"
"my fingers hurt    i should really play more, cause my fingers keep reforming calluses, but then i stop playing for a week or two, and they go away    night facebook! imma go to sleep real early to make up for yesterday night's fiasco      rambling"
i feel a little bleh    oh no! i will not be sick tomorrow! i just won't! i refuse!
god i love bluegrass   laugh   love 
"nyc  love  so excited  joyful  g'night everyone! (asher, i will officially be within less than 30 <propmale> away from you!  laugh  i will be the insane 14-year-old girl, probably looking nerdy, singing, and being generally socially inadequate   playful )"
i'm gonna wash that man right out of my hair   
"yeah, i just topeka'd it   laugh  best april fools joke  joyful "
"i'll be wearing ribbons down my back, this summer  blue & green and streaming in the yellow sky, so if someone special comes my way this summer, he might notice me passing by; and so, i'll try to make it easier to find me, because a breeze might stir a rainbow up behind me, that might happen to catch the gentleman's eye "
"out there, there's a world outside of yonkers! way out there beyond this hick town, barnaby, there's a slick town, barnaby! out there, full of shine and full of <propfemale>! close your eyes and see it glisten, barnaby, listen, barnaby    put on your sunday clothes, there's lots of world out there!  love "
"happy easter, all those who celebrate!!!!!!!!!  joyful   love "
"if i randomly stopped texting you, don't take it personally; i've been falling asleep randomly all over the place   "
i'm tired  i'm upset  i'm hungry  i'm sick  i think it's time for a <propmale> python marathon!!! #imsuchanerdallthatineednowisapokewalkerandiwin
#icanmakeanevenlongerhashtagwhatareyoutwotalkingaboutihavealwayslovedmakingveryobnoxiouslylonghashtagseversinceijoinedtwitterbackinearly2007
watchu talkin' bout @zangoose122 ???? pokewalkers are awesome!! i'm getting one for my birthday  laugh  #i'msuchanerd  joyful   love 
"\you a punker? cuz i hate punkers  especially bald ones    with green make-up    and masks to cover their ugly faces   \"" ~ original tmnt  joyful """
"i have no internet, and i'm going insane!!! i just voluntarily watched <propfemale> montana! this is bad   "
why do i forget that i'm allergic to grass until it's too late? gargh    #notafuntime
i'm watching <propfemale> trek  i love being a nerd   joyful   love 
"do *not* stop believin' yo  just don't  seriously  i dunno what'll happen, but it'll be bad, i promise you that   love "
"sorry people i was talking to on skype! my interenet went out! btw, i love you too @frejman  love   joyful "
"gahhh, now i'm the one annoyed at @zangoose122 for not texting back   playful "
"awww, i miss you too @lovezthemovment  love 333333"
"today, i wore a dress! i never wear them, so you should all be amazed! it was pretty awesome  joyful "
hundred forty four; characters arwe just enough; to write a haiku
good morning starshine!  joyful 
"i have no friends  (i'm waiting for someone to say \i'm your friend!\"" but if no one does it will just prove my point)"""
"i just opened my window, sat on the ledge and dangled my feet out, and then stood up on the roofing above my kitchen! don't tell my mum!"
"i learned three new songs on guitar today, and i just realied they're all by <propfirst> <propmale>  he's quite fond of the basic chords   joyful "
i just went outside  it's scary    and polleny   
i forgot to tell you guys!!!!!! i just broke my rubik's cube record!!!! 1:12 smile 2!!!!!
i  love  my pokemon nerds! @ferre_ @zangoose122
someone get me out of this mall!!! small children are picking out preppy clothing for me to try on!!! > >
nooooooo! my brother's ds battery finally died  no more sneaking on to play pokemon <propfemale> for me   sad 
good night @ferre_ !!!!! hope i'm not too late   joyful 
"oh no, i just saw girls i knew from school  i ran away quickly, to avoid the awkward moment of them deciding whether to acknowledge me "
yush!!!!!! my internet has returned! off to skype i go!
"no good times, no bad times, there's no times at all, just the new york times "
"i have ppms: <propfirst>, <propfirst>, & <propfirst> syndrome! but all of their easy songs have an f chord!!! > > maybe some people with magic fingers can finger that chord, but not i sure can't!"
"hey pokemon people, should i play platinum or <propfemale> right now?"
jag älskar <propfemale> svenska män   love 3333333333333333 mor återgivning av tre!
"i'm sick, and i feel horrible  my only consolation is that i'm lying in bed playing pokemon   joyful "
"gah, my internet is stupid > >"
"who will love a little sparrow, and who will speak a kindly word?"
"my togepi just hatched, and i was so freakin' excited! #nerd"
"woah, if you go to the movies this early, you get a discount! i'm watching how to train your dragon    i'm cool     playful "
"babies, the movie  omg so excited!!!! it looks amazing and adorable!  love "
"i haz a new haircut! db of that to come  i think it looks okay, for my hair being awful   "
"if my internet isn't back, i'm going to cry   sad  #imissmyskypefam"
me encanta mis amigos hispanos!  love  @rociomarquezy @draemora @jmejia1187 @zangoose122
"i have the world's worst headache, and my internet is out again    > > #horribleday"
"new db, b c i can  it's my \i feel like crap face\""   """
"yup, my internet is going on for 5 <propfemale> at a time  > > we're going to panera later for my parents' taxes, so i'll get some time   "
"just voted \no \"" on \""will you watch s4 of torchwood if ianto does not came back?\"" vote too ? http annoyed  bit ly 4xu9ux"""
"gah, internet, why do you forsake me? > >"
"my internet went out, sorry people i was skyping  annoyed "
i really wanna watch the new dr  who!! #anticipation
right when i'm about to use the internet for school > >     at least i have my <propfirst> day music  joyful 
my internet came on long enough for me to print my schoolwork! thank you @jesus!  playful 
"hey twitter, on teh bus, what has happened?  joyful "
"back at home nao, and guess what? yush, the internet is out    oh my you must be sick of me complaining about that  me stops complaining"
i hearz some <propfemale>?  joyful   love 
i hate this  i hate this so much   annoyed 
why can't i stop procrastinating on history?    
two minutes!!!!!! i'm going insane!!!!!! i love you all!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 3333333333333333333333
"i feel like i'm going to faint  > > thanks so much to everyone who stayed up with me, especially @zangoose122 who was up with me all night!!"
oh yeah: good morning afternoon evening! what is goin on with you?
does anyone know where @bombmaniac is? still at work maybe? or at some jew thing  playful ? i need his brain   joyful 
"<propfemale>, thank you!!!!!  love "
i literally just fell asleep while playing the ds    i woke up with my nose scrolling down the pokedex  laugh 
"my internet came back for about five minutes at 8:15 and i was too busy playing pokemon to notice  > > yeah, i'm cool   playful "
yping   
"apparently, my computer should not have internet, as the router is broken, and it has no wireless  try telling that to the people i'm sk    "
"anywhoozle, night twitter! (and i guess facebook to  ) i should have went to sleep earlier to make up for yesterdays 0 hours    > > g'night!"
my day of silence was lovely  joyful  twas great to see so many people involved! even though i forgot to sign up > > i was still silent all d    
    ay  joyful   love 
"support noh8 campaign , add a #twibbon to your avatar now! - http annoyed  twb ly aqxkmz"
yay!!!! my prinplup just evolved to empoleon!!!!!!  joyful  i thought you'd want to know @zangoose122  playful   love  #pokemonnerds
quagsire = best  jus sayin 
omg <propmale> internet! how're you?
i am ready to meet my maker  whether my maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter 
there are 793 people in the world with more money than 3 billion people combined  yes  3 billion  half of the worlds population  #notjoking
"i'm so tired that i saw your twitter convos, and somehow thought that @dandelions8910 was stuck in a freezer with tv, friends, and ice cream"
#imustsleepnao
wanna be on skype for 2 5 tok but i've no net & i've family stuff  script= great! prob wont have net by anoon so cant film or be in it :    
    ( #fionaistheworsttriadmin
discussing quantum physics and the validity of e=mc^2 at the dinner table  i love my nerdy family   joyful   love 
omg!!! #newdoctorwho premiers tonight on #bbcamerica!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so excited!!!!!!  love 33333333
"#newdrwho was awesome!! except that the girl was sooo much better when she was a little kid  now she's kind of meh, and a little generic    "
all of my favorite people have asteroids named after them! if anyone deserved to have an asteroid its roddenberry http annoyed  tinyurl com y3tm55u
"support the liberal democrats, add a #twibbon to your avatar now! - http annoyed  twb ly 4wg2hd"
"support ianto jones back on tw, add a #twibbon to your avatar now! - http annoyed  bit ly 6bf7ga"
"i'll stop the world and melt with you  i've seen the difference and it's getting better, all the time   love "
i feel like rereading the <propfemale> bride for about the trillionth time   love  i'll probably watch the movie instead   
"gah, the internet is    what a suprise    down  > > i really wanted to see @hexachordal's new vid w @mickeleh  sad "
listening to <propmale> python sings  i iz a happy   joyful 
"yesterday, i completely freaked myself out by watching ancient aliens on history  i was *so* scared! (that's why no skype for me)"
i'm seriously going to die  > > #sickfionaissick  crying 
"oh, and thanks @zangoose122  love   joyful  #thankyoucookie"
"i changed my phone's sound, and now it sounds like a xylophone (sp?)  going to bed at 9 smile 0?  surprise  #sotired"
i have a six <propfemale> essay draft due thursday  i should start it  i really should    #notgoingto
it's my goal in life to meet @therealnimoy and @williamshatner  #truefacts
"i haven't watched tv in weeks, but these past few days i've been watching hours of historychannel    weird   "
i love my scots  i love them so much   joyful  #celticpride #kiltswin  love 
and it's just because i'm the smartest person they know   
i can haz canopy with grape vines? nao plz?
i have a theory that the lightning jumpstarted our internet  last night's skype call feels like a dream    did it happen?
"i don't have time for this! you do realize you're not doing anything at all, right?    shut up    now    > >"
beware the six-fingered man 
"apparently, my charm is found in my <propmale> python references and mexican jokes   playful "
"i might not be at school tomorrow, as i feel like    bleh   "
"i'm in love with a welshman, and his name is #ianto jones   joyful   love "
"i'm sleeping, because i'm verra sick, and verra tired   annoyed  well, on the bright side, i missed school today! i needed a break   "
"i thought i was going to school tomorrow    yeah, not gonna happen  i'm so freaking sick    > >"
"where is the money for the children, instead of bombs, for mothers, not missiles  democracy is not a spectator sport "
"i don't understand your sadistic social rituals  they have no meaning or a purpose, and why do you excpect me to comply with them???"
"with every documentary i watch, the smarter i get!"
w00t! the next #doctorwho eppy comes on in an hour in the uk! i can't wait! #nerd
"wait, nevermind, #doctor who is on *now*!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!  love  i can watch it before girl scouts!!!!! (i forgot it wasn't dst)"
#doctorwho is trending worldwide???? awesome!!! #powerofnerds
who in their right mind would actually do this??? http annoyed  downloads bbc co uk doctorwho d11s01 d11s01e05-weeping-angel-mask pdf #doctorwho
"for some reason, <propfemale> pond, river song, and <propfirst> moffat are all trending in the uk, but doctor who isn't   laugh  this amuses me   joyful "
i keep looking at the bbc iplayer enviously  oh how i hate anyone who lives in the uk  > > i can haz new doctor who nao plz?
this is the dawning of the age of aquarius 
"i love having my trends set to the uk  now i know that  it's liverpool 0-1 <propfemale>! come on reds, you can make it!! bloody hell i'm weird   "
"gah make that liverpool 0-2 cheslea! go go go! yes, i am singing you'll never walk alone in my head, don't judge me  #unsuspectedfootballfan"
"i'm trying to write my english essay draft, but i still feel verra crappy   annoyed  meh, i hate being sick, b c you feel horrible afterwards too "
"i  love  <propfemale>, franz <propmale>, da vinci, goya, el greco, vermeer, <propfirst> gogh, turner, renoir, seurat, klimt, botecilli and gaugin! im not in <propmale> why?"
people say you figure out who you're going to be as you grow  i like to think i figured that out a while ago  i was a quite mature child 
"wow, i turn 15 in 16 days    just noticed that     joyful  #outofit"
"all we need is music, sweet music, there'll be music everywhere! there'll be swingin, swayin, and records playin, and dancin in the street!"
"watching \75 greatest they might be giants songs \"" how do i always forget how amazingly awesome tmbg is?  joyful   love 33333333333"""
"what if i fell into my dreams and memories? what if i stopped clinging to realty? because y'know world, sometimes you really tempt me "
this was in my twitter feed: @chaoticasphyxia: omg what @lemonsoldier the @pkmnnerdfighter fuck  epic coincidence?
"come on let's twist again, like we did last summer  love "
"i miss flansy's hair  he totally owned the whole hair in my eyes, repressed artist, look  it was so adorable!!  joyful   love "
just planted my <propmale> window box and a cool looking variegated regal species of geranium   joyful  #iliektehplantz
labour labour labour! the hell? where are the libdems like promised? and why am i so into this election? i'm turning british    #anglophile
"it's all well and good that long legged cleggy weggy is trending so high, but where are his seats?? gaahhh *has tantrum over brit politics*"
"\conservatives gain montgomeryshire from lib dem\"" how does that even work??????????????  crying  #electionday #ukvote long legged cleggy weggy  love """
w00t libdems got 2 new seats!!!!!!!! at least the conservatives aren't going to win this  they wont! that cannot happen  it can not!
#howtomakememad: make the tory libdem coaltion   annoyed  #dontdoitnick!! lib-lab will be so much better! come on long legged cleggy weggy!!!
"sometimes i wish i could just kill flies  but then i realize that not only will i ever be able to, i also would never want to be able to "
"gahhhh, watching \amy pond\"" slowly rise on the trending tweets for the uk while waiting to be able to watch it  this is maddening!!!"""
#dontdoitnick #dontcondemus   laugh  clever   joyful 
"i was going to go tonight, but now i dun feel verra good   sad  good luck to everyone!!!!"
i have the entirety of they might be giant's here comes science album stuck in my head  time for some *real* tmbg! *puts on particle man* now that's music!  playful 
stuck at school after theatre rehearsal    god this is familiar 
i will *not* forget to finish the other half of my history homework  i won't! #observethesecretinaction
"i just started singing \james k  polk\"" again > > been in my head since we listened to it in history today   laugh """
<propfirst> durante =  love 333333333333 times a billion trillion   joyful 
what if there are too many coincidences to be coincidence anymore? i'm surrounded by jagged pieces and can't find the glue 
"e3-f5  not sure if my range is a curse or a blessing  well, i guess mrs  lovett is in my range, so that's a plus  witches, bitches, or britches, i guess    this is why i'm not in choir   laugh "
"haven't been up this late on a weekday since who knows when  dunno if that's a good r bad thing    both i guess  thank god for bio projects, eh?"
ohmahgahhhh!!!!!! they might be giants show at rams head!!!!!! i loves me some tmbg!!!  joyful   love 33333333 so excited! i like music  laugh 
the only tmbg shirt i have anymore is the no! one (i outgrew my others)  sad  i want the eight bit shirt!!!!!
"a little <propfirst> of sunshine, a little bit of soul, and just a touch of magic: you got the greatest thing since rock ‘n’ roll!"
"my bio portfolio is completely black and white, even the picture, and i didn't decorate it at all  i'm such a rebel   playful "
"when i get older, i will be stronger, they'll call me freedom, just like a waving flag, and then it goes back, and then it goes back, and then it goes back  (been in my head since they started playing it during the world cup)"
toy story 3 was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!! so much better than i thought it would be!!! <propfirst> littmann <propfemale> brown  love 333333 <propfemale>!!!!
"hamba ugadile 'mntanami! the world has crocodile eyes! and if you dance the oshakati mamba, remember to cross yourself twice! are you ready? are you ready?"
"\just go write a poem!\""  laugh  \""is he like in the    special classes? wearing your pants on your knees and telling people they have aids   ?\""  laugh ddd"""
"had a great time with <propfemale> <propfemale> kass and lizzy, among others (<propfemale> kaplan  joyful )   i missed you <propfemale> wood, see you next week lovely!  love "
yay for american independence!!!  playful   joyful  happy fourth of july fellow americans 
oh god i love <propfirst> depp   love 
"camp tomorrow!!!!! eeeeek, so excited!!! <propfemale> wood, <propfemale> weisengoff, <propfemale> <propfemale> kass, <propfemale>, and everyone else!!! i think that's the only people who i have on facebook     i think   "
"feeling a bit better, haven't thrown up since yesterday, still feel crappy thoutgh  hopefully i'll feel better by tomorrow   annoyed  i hate getting sick at camp "
i keep hiccuping and freaking myself out that i'm going to start gagging again   laugh 
"conowingo mailed me *the* hat, which i somehow left there  oh god i love that place   joyful   love "
"first day back on my meds before school, and i feel really strange   "
so many headaches!!!!  annoyed 
been feeling really weird since school started  hopefully catching up on sleep this weekend will help   joyful  have an awesome weekend guys!
halfway through my second paragraph for english!!! w00t almost done!!!  laugh 
"hey guess what guys! i get to use my bucket from camp!!!! > > being sick is not fun, but at least i can remember camp while being sick!"
my illness is annoying     whining  i dunno if i'll go to school tomorrow   sad 
"i need to own all of <propfirst> barrowman's albums nao!!!!! somehow, i've been slacking on my fangirl duties "
"sick as a rig on a big  not really    i don't know what that means \\i think i'm delusional "
psychiatrist was fun  still sick  end status 
why do i still feel so sick????  sad 
"god i've been feeling really nervous all day  i'm seriously freaking out! can someone tell me monday's homework? gahhhhhh i hate group projects, i always think that i'm ruining the other people's lives   annoyed "
i think i'm going delusional  or psychotic  or both 
congrats everyone!!!!!!! peppermint <propfemale> is pretty cool   joyful  ( i'm still indifferentm  playful   love )
bones premiere!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 33333333333333333333333 sweets has facial hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! surprise 
god i feel like crap   annoyed 
"listening to some ramones, clash, and sex pistols because i'm mad at the world  well, not really, but i'm mad at illness and twilight "
"i don't give a damn 'bout my reputation, i've never been afraid of any deviation  an' i don't really care if ya think i'm strange, i ain't gonna change  an' i'm never gonna care 'bout my bad reputation "
"nat's game with <propfemale> wood, <propfemale> krupa, <propfirst> <propfemale> skille, and <propfemale> blough was fun!!!  love 333 \can you sign this for your dad????\"" *<propfemale> stares* my voice is gone  guess i should have held back on the karaoke   joyful """
hope i really didn't have any homework  cause i sure didn't do any 
"hey guys, can anyone give me homework please??? that would be lovely, cause i hate making up work the next day! i didn't really want to miss school, but i was so sick i think i would have been physically unable to walk to classes "
"god, i really didn't want to stay home today, but i'm too sick!!! now i have to make-up tests  arrrgh "
i've gone through two boxes of tissues and i still feel like crap   frowny 
"what is this receipt and why won't it print? gahhhhhhhhhhhhh, this is majorly annoying  my essay is finished, why do i have to deal with this crap? i'm tired   "
time for my long-held customary biannual reading of plot & structure by <propfirst> <propfirst> <propfemale>! also possibly character emotion & viewpoint by <propfemale> kress  maybe how to write a damn good novel as well  god i love pre-nanowrimo novel-writing binges!
"my brother is watching fruits basket    wait wha?\   strange"
shopping with <propfemale> for my homecoming dress! pick which one you like better!!
thought i found the perfect name for my novel's main character: <propfemale>  then i realized that my novel is set in the 1970's london punk rock scene  *facepalm*
"on a list of the most popular boys names in england and wales of 2007, 2008, & 2009 annoyed \80  \                  <propfirst> \                  | <propfirst> |\                  <propfirst>"
"i don't like anything, and i'm against it  yeah, i'm against "
i now have a full blown illness  hopefully this giant vat of green tea will alleviate my pain so that i can be better by halloween!
"the misfits: insane sociopolitical extremists or just really weird guys who wanted to make some strange noise? that is the question  (see \bullet\"" and \""who killed marilyn\"")"""
"your little kidneys couldn't handle it no more, not unlike pope <propfirst> <propfirst> ii, but he had fewer paws  and you weren't that religious, so unlike pope <propfirst> <propfirst>  and he lived in the vatican, but you had never been there at all, oh at all!  laugh "
"the o'jays and <propfirst> <propmale>? that's a definite win! (ps love train is my favorite philly soul song    yeah, specific, i know, but there are many different soul sounds!*coughsamanddavecough wink "
i just invited all of my friends who go to reservoir to  #thingsidoduringnanowrimotoprocrastinateonmywriting
<propfirst> rotten is so freakin' strange  listening to punk rock and writing a really bad novel  god i love november! (it's the best month for those reasons and because the heat is over  i love the cold!)
god i like some black coffee in the mor-     nighttime?
"<propfirst> bower, <propfirst> bower, your light saber determines your death <propfemale>  <propfirst> bower, <propfirst> bower, your lifestyle determines your deathstyle!"
i'm oddly content for it being 3 am   joyful   love 
"dear sleep,\i think you should visit more frequently, and when you do, your stay should be extended!\love,\<propfemale>"
"<propfirst> flansburgh is 50 bloody years old  why do i feel as though a large portion of my life has just disappeared, without my realizing it?"
time for sleep    and tea    and more sleep    and more tea    and ibuprofen *crosses fingers* please get better self!
"i should really go to sleep soon    also: listening to a pandora quickmix of punk and folk and soul stations is extremely amusing, you should try it sometime  joyful "
i'm crazier than you! i'm crazier than you! da da da da da da da da da wa wa wa waaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <propfemale> blough
"he sings out a song which is soft but it's clear, as if maybe someone could hear  goodnight you moonlight ladies  rock-a-bye sweet baby <propfirst>  deep greens and blues are the colors i choose  won't you let me go down in my dreams? and rock-a-bye sweet baby <propfirst> "
"i am, really bad at this spirit box thing  i ca buy stuff    and put it in a box    but what goes on the box? ?_?"
i should probably be writing my outline right now   
"i really need to stop using so many freakin' internet memes when i'm not on the internet    or i'm on facebook, because facebook doesn't count as \the internet \""\",41fd6cdb80ea641402b83d46262794ba,it smells like thanksgiving   joyful 
reading a book about record-collecting   joyful  it's so obviously favouring british collectors   laugh 
"gonna listen to my 45's! ain't it wonderful to be alive, when the rock 'n' roll plays?"
"time to start my english rough draft! just got home ten minutes ago, and been gone since wednesday! yay! (<--sarcasm) > >"
why did you grow a beard? i can't leave you alone for five minutes! what the christ? what the devil? why did you grow a beard?
"god, my english rough draft is sooo bad  editing it now, and it's verra difficult  i have to resist starting over from scratch  -_-"
duran duran just came on my smiths radio  oh pandora   
"i was looking through the roud folk song index, as i sometimes do, because i am a complete nerd, and i realized the strange occurrence of a character named william <propfirst> sweet <propfirst>, who is oft accompanied by a lady lovely margaret mary or <propfemale> allan allen  it's kind of interesting, all from different places and times "
"your mum\it's funny cause it's true "
<propfemale> christmas <propfemale> everyone!!!!!!! i love you guys!!!!!!!!!!!!  love 333333333333
i think i may have broken my twitter    oops! i tweet too much anyway   
i also have may have broken my skype    i skype too much as well    is the universe trying to tell me something? *coughfiveapclassesnextyearlazyasscough*
what's the gov homework?
"frankly mr  shankly, this position i've held  it pays my way and it corrodes my soul  i want to live and i want to love  i want to catch something that i might be ashamed of "
"hey people in my girl scout troop, is there someone who is passing by my house on the way to the sleepover and can give me a ride? mum realized neither she nor my dad can drive me  <propfemale> blough <propfirst> littmann xandi <propmale> <propfemale> simke other people!"
i am following 200 people and am followed by 100 on twitter  i am on 5 lists  i love it when <propfirst> are all nice and even and fit together!
"oh my god #libya and #gaddafi and im so freaked out i can't think  seriously, if you haven't heard about what's happening right now, google "
i was going to tweet about the frozen rain that is falling on my window but oh my freaking god #libya seriously wtf #gaddafi
"so like, if you didn't know, across the world in an african country called libya, soldiers, on the orders of an awful dictator, are in the streets killing innocent, peaceful civilian protesters  right now  at this very moment  while you are looking outside to see the sleet  just thought you should know, facebook "
"hello, this is me freaking out about how gaddafi is currently bombing his own country in order to violently cut down peaceful protesters  i    i don't understand   frowny "
americans always seem to talk about dying for their freedom  that's what the libyan protesters are doing right now 
if you don't know about the terrible things happening in libya these are the basics: http annoyed  t co 9uomzbf
"sorry to burden your ignorant news feeds with depressing things but #thisiswhatishappening \nobody should morally be able to order people to go into hospitals and shoot people  that is just not an okay thing to do as a human being\"""""
"you need me like the wind needs the trees to blow in, like the <propfemale> needs poetry, you need me "
"with everything happening in northern africa, plus the awful earthquakes in new zealand, i feel like 12 21 12 is coming early  #ifiwascrazy"
"oh my god, gaddafi is giving a speech, and basically, he is claiming that those who were protesting in libya were drugged teenagers who don't know anything about history and want to emulate those in egypt  this is awful stuff, really awful "
"basically, he's threatening people with punishment by death if they do anything other than sit quietly in there houses and do nothing "
holy god the drousy chaperone omfg best show!!!!!!!!!!! #theatrenerd
<propfemale> used play pokemon all day! a critical hit! it's super effective! foe homework fainted! <propfemale> gained 0 hw points!
"fipwna is my name, and pwning n00bs is my game  b-) fipwnage! o "
you know who you are  that is all   love 
"my heart burns for you like the tail of a charmander's flame, and you're wrapped around my heart like a bulbasaur's leech seed, the same  your love electrifies me like a little pikachu, but all i gotta catch is you  #fionaspokémonrampage2011"
o 
this is probably the longest i've gone without texting <propfirst> zang vasquez for 8 hours    oh my god    this is so weird    *phone vibrates* crisis averted!
me + <propfirst> zang vasquez + <propfemale> <propmale> = #winning all night long
"yes, my status does have 194 comments  facebook isn't malfunctioning, i'm just that awesome  and i have a lot of friends  oh yeaahhh "
your face is stupid 
"<propfirst> zang vasquez where did i put my phone? nobutsrsly, where is it????"
i am not cute! i'm manly! get it right!
"don’t you ever ask them why, if they told you, you would cry; so just look at them and sigh, and know they love you "
"where is my phone, seriously, where is my phone, sorry <propfirst> zang vasquez, but seriously where the eff is my bloody phone!"
like this if i like you 
"i've got to admit it's getting better, a little better all the time  i have to admit its getting better, it's getting better, since you've been mine "
"love sees love's happiness but happiness can't see that love is sad, that love is sad  sadness is hanging there to show love somewhere something needs a change, they need a change"
i'll stop the world and melt with you  you've seen the difference and it's getting better all the time  there's nothing you and i won't do  i'll stop the world and melt with you!  love 
"when i'm walking beside her, people tell me i'm lucky  yes, i know i'm a lucky guy  i remember the first time i was lonely without her  can't stop thinking about her now "
"i just had this awful thought that, because my phone is basically one year old, it will just happen to break right now, and i won't know what to do "
"when i walk down the street, most guys look like elves  i don't mean to put them down but they do  it's hard to understand me from the language i use; there's no word in english for my style  what's a man like me supposed to do with all this extra savoir-faire? what is left for me to prove, dear?"
<propfemale> brown and <propmale> livengood stop spamming my feed! go back to 4chan! gaaaarrrrgggghhhh *giant squid of anger* #jkily
"so we've determined that babyfiona was about the best thing ever, and i feel i should attempt to emulate her  and when i say we i mean me and one other person    okay so mainly me    #imreallycoolyoudonteven"
"i feel as though someone (anyone) should text me, because *someone else* is stupid and has to rehearse for a musical or whatever    lame   "
"i keep searching for an answer, but, it just ain't there  and i don't want to live this life, and i don't want to live this life, and i don't want to live this life anymore "
"okay, i'm officially too tired to keep flipping records; it's time to switch to pandora, my musical saviour "
why are the temptations on my <propmale> croce station? not that i ever mind some temptations in my life    but still    <propmale> croce? really?
"dear <propfirst> zang vasquez, i would love it if you give me more warning than that before raping my phone  i seriously thought i was under attack    so much buzzing   "
"every little thing's a domino that falls on different dots, and crashes into everything that tries to make it stop "
"so tonight was    interesting    one would think that girls' incessant chatter and speculation would grow tiring, but no   playful "
"oh deviantart and all your trollfaceness  tgiafd, i needed some more meme in my life  #i love theinternet"
"hired a priest to give light to your soul  no friends attended it, you were alone  they'd been too busy attending their own "
"a little shy, and sad of eye, but very wise was he  and then one day, a magic day he passed my way, and while we spoke of many things, fools and kings, this he said to me: the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return "
"perfect pre-show afternoon: cryptograms, pokémon, ramen, and <propfirst> <propmale> jr "
