3f0a41decea85bd838e97f40663d0e84
woah! awesome weekend  smile  definitely very doot  actually doot makes no sense in that context but whatever 
i haven't been in marquette for all year! i'm stuck in negaunee  playful  just kidding my negaunee people   smile 
hanging out with my bff <propfemale>!!!!!  smile  arrrrgh 
i finally have facebook!!!!!  laugh  i wont be able to go on much though  annoyed 
finally all packed for canoe trip  laugh 
at briannes house waiting to go
"loves his new puppy, <propfemale>"
finished cleaning and now has boundless time on facebook  laugh 
downloaded alot of <propfemale> spears!!!  laugh 
is back from a really fun violin lesson  <propfirst> is amazing!!
is really hot and busy working  playful  <propfemale>'s coming over and i will have to play my violin  i'm scared!!
is in the zone!
just rented 3 scary movies! woo hoo im in for a freaky night
couldnt hit the spot and is extrememly frustrated! dont take that the dirty way 
ordering a pizza!!!!
"wow, big get together and i havent been on facebook in the longest time"
omg! facebook works at my house!!!! haha ive fooled you dad!  laugh  hahahahahaha!
is sad that for children who have potheads for parents 
why are nice talented people mean to each other?? envy's such a horrible thing 
why can't i live my life without all of the things that people say?
tried to go to sleep but was busy looking at abercrombie & fitch's new line  and it is absolutely woah!!!!
wondering what mom bought for me while she was in <propfirst>  she better have hit the armani exchange 
doot  i do not want a haircut  sad  actually doot makes so sense in that context lol
about to enjoy a three hour long rehersal  woo  hoo 
come join the party    its a celebration!!!!  laugh 
my my what shall i do today? i have it all to myself  laugh 
dooooooot  laugh  im sad i couldnt come up with something more witty and creative  annoyed 
<propmale>'s singing opera in the shower  nothing unusual in this house  laugh  hahaha
why doesn't anyone like <propfemale>?
"you only see what your eyes want to see  how can life be what you want it to be? you're frozen, when you're heart's not open "
dinosaurs say rawr  smile 
what a weekend!!!!  laugh  wow!
<propfemale> spears is my lover         hahaha jk
can't decide on a classy day outfit  annoyed   i dont have many things that aren't plastered with a logo  help!!!!
very long power outtage  rawr
i cleaned my armani exchange hat while singing bibbity bobbity boo!!!!!!
"feels horrible, no cold wet rainy football game for me  annoyed  nobodies going anyways to see the redmen lose "
i got a new foneee!!!  laugh  its purty
i'm soooo excited for snl and lady gaga!!!
aggghhh  rather disappointing performance by lady gaga tonight  that stupid piano solo she sang about poker face and that weird gyroscope around her body!!! she could barely play piano!
"revolutionary road is such a sad sad movie, that made me see the sad sad reality of life  the only way to get around it, dont have children "
its a wonderful day for piiiiiiie!  laugh 
"i feel that everybody is backstabbing, cheating, lieing, slandering, fighting, and avenging  except me   sad "
engarde!!!!!!!!!
"unconciously or consciously, unwillingly or willingly, we are all slaves to something or another  that's what you get when you ponder sexy trash  playful "
"you think that you are strong, but you are weak, you'll see it takes more strength to cry, admit defeat, you'll see i have truth on my sad, you only have deceit, you'll see somehow      someday     "
strike a pose!!!!!!!!
i rode my bike for a mile down the highway in 20 degrees  all to get my fone  this is a definitely a sign of addiction  playful 
in minnesota now  smile  going shopping tomorrow !!!!!
i just love getting awesome deals on anf  smile  pretty awesome weekend so far and no school tomorrow for me!!!!
words cannot e playful ress my deep disappointment in the american government now  im going to be living in the street cuz my mom wont be able to make money as a doctor!  sad 
i got class like a '57  cadillac  smile  although i dont think quoting rihanna is exactly very classy  playful 
"i tell them what i like, what i want, and what i dont  but everytime i do, i stand corrected, things that ive been told i cant believe what i hear about the world, i realize im over protected "
"this is what ive been reduced to  i havent been on facebook in weeks, and now im using a net book at the verizon store  i feel like i fell of the earth and just climbed on again "
"hey my minneapolis friends! i'll be in town saturday night, what should we do!?"
"when people defend mrs  murphy, i get really angry > surprise "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  smile  and musocal people sorry i skipped the 3 hour rehersal in lieu of red lobster and movies  playful 
"denmark, you shouldve never existed  i refuse to eat your food or raise your flag  finland will destroy you "
so amazingly busy day! i found out i got a 30 on my act   laugh  and then i was actually brave enough to buy an issue of gq today( even though it had <propfirst> lautner on the cover lol) then toy story 3 which was epic!  so all in all a great start to freeweekend!
"so yesterday i was in bemidji and i saw a gangsterish looking guy wearing no shirt walking into dollar tree, but he put a shirt on right before he walked in the door  2 minutes later, he comes out carrying a bunch of balloons  laugh  it made my day!"
"i'm no longer in my wonderful bubble of salolampi  hello real world, i'll try to escape you as often as i can "
"come therefore, and let us fling mud at them!  smile "
"dear <propfemale> aguilera, you know, in the 90s you were really really cute  now your new album portrays you as a sex bomb  why cant you be cute again?"
watching <propfirst>  i pity all of you operaphobes out there  its really quite wonderful!  smile 
"oh my gosh i thought i gave up my sims 3 addiction, but i guess i was wrong haha  smile "
"you know, sometimes its better when you dont understand the words to a song, it makes the song whatever you want it to mean  case and point: finnish aikakone  laugh "
"my fingertips are purple, my left shoulder is purple, and the left side of my jaw is purple  this is the last time im practicing violin for four straight hours"
self destructive is as self destructive does  smile  so very true for the vast majority of celebrities 
"i really want to be european or east asian, even being a new yorker would be nice, but a yooper? bleh  annoyed "
"wanted  unicorns for modeling, will pay 10 dollars an hour "
"hmmmm, how do i go about convincing my redneck dad to drive me to chicago to see an opera?  surprise "
"those who insult me are not hurting me, but rather, they are hurting themselves "
"i'm going senile, i don't remember the chemistry rules         sad "
"so i was utterly convinced <propmale> had put salsa in our spagetti in lieu of sauce, so i wouldnt eat until he told me he was just kidding  i have gullibility issues"
a battle 4 years in the making has been won by me!! facebook is now finally unblocked at my house!  smile  i guess my dad feels bad because i now have such a miserable life 
"3 hours and 15 pages later, i finally finished my  apush assignment  if this is the standard fare, i swear, i will become a zombie "
falling down the stairs is ever so much fun; especially when you're being dragged down the steps by 50 pounds of homework to the studying dungeon (formerly my room) below 
"why am i emotionally attached to my cell phone? i'll find it anyways next week, but i feel so horrible! grrrr  playful "
"i don’t think books have ever actually been burned not out of ignorance, by those who have actually read them  neither do i believe that people have been victims of racial and ethnic crimes by those who respect and accept their cultures and beliefs, who celebrate their similarities as well as their differences "
my violin concerto competition video=success!!!!!!!  laugh 
"kun menee saunaan, (poof), <propfemale> uimaan, (whoosh), muista nimilappu  i can't say i miss iida, but i sure miss the good old days   annoyed "
"you know, i'm really getting excited about this whole germany thing  laugh "
"so in spanish 3 today, senor reilly was asking me if i was writing  romantic sonnets to my love during english, and of course i had to say \no tengo amor\"" and    i felt kind of sad  sad """
so my mom told me i should be embarassed on how much money i spend on clothing  what puritan nonsense is this?
work hard and never get to live in a castle or marry a <propfemale> and have servants in a huge castle  (sigh) if only i was friendly with those european <propmale> families 
"lady at supermarket: \that girl is singing a song about chickens!\""\",3f0a41decea85bd838e97f40663d0e84,"so because my mom went to minneapolis without me, i demanded tribute from the mall of <propfemale> and she complied   laugh  i love having a guilty mom "
"i love how i can get a 98% on an apush test that most people did poorly on, yet spill acetic acid all over myself in ap chemistry by trying to dump the whole bottle into the well plate  ah, the virtues of being blonde "
"more then ever i now realize, there are just some things in life that you can't possibly study for  like being interrogated by your spanish teacher in <propmale>  totally une playful ected "
four hour long nap plus a lost ap chemistry book  i feel very worried 
a genuine aikakone cd straight from finland is mine!!!!!  laugh  happy finnish music  smile 
so someone told me that metal music and classical music have a lot in common  ha  ha  i don't believe it for a second 
so apparently facebook thinks i have anorexia  why else would a male anorexia rehabilitation center ad be on my wall? apparently they've never seen me eat  laugh  ha!
"my cord of sanity, which is usually so tightly wound, is unravelling  i realized this after having a shouting match   with my homework "
"random person: \a volcano has erupted! ahh! what do we do?\""\",3f0a41decea85bd838e97f40663d0e84,listening to some lovely <propfirst> elgar and edvard grieg  smile  elgar's serenade for strings brings back lots of memories   
"so, when i got home today, i sat down with some early gray tea and watched a movie in lieu of doing homework   because my horoscope told me to "
"classical music can make anything elegant, even pre-calculus homework! soon after listening to some of chopin's piano concerti, i found myself poising my pen in a dignified manner after completing quadratic equations with a distinct flourish  that is, until i realized how ridiculous i probably looked "
is reconsidering the giant lady gaga poster that's currently staring at him 
"i try and escape from it, but apush still stalks my dreams  i see maps, graphs, dates, and historical figures flash by in my subconscious  then, during the day, apush hounds me down if i try to avoid it  dreaded apush, i abhor thee "
has a huge crush on <propfemale> watson hermione granger  why can't girls like her actually exist here in the u p?
school spirit is mob mentality; unless you go to a private school or hogwarts 
"remember the ever cheerful, always positive <propmale>? i think he died quite some time ago   sad "
wants to know the results of the young artist concerto competition    now!!!! d:
"subscribing to \the new yorker\"" has made me reach new levels of infinite classiness """
"thinks people say \straight up\"" too much  what does that even mean anyways?"""
was the only one who understood the naughty 17th century british poetry in ap language today  he felt so awkward for being the only one who was giggling 
"wishes he lived in a more tolerant world, even though it may appear otherwise "
i fixed my crabby evil eye giving mood by swinging on the swings  it made me feel like a child again  smile 
"i used to save all the college letters i got; i was ever so excited when they first started arriving  now i just rip up the unacceptable ones with vicious pleasure  \hah! i'm not going to your school!\"""""
"just realized that without disney, i wouldn't be a violinist today  i wouldn't be a lot of things if disney wasn't such a big part of my childhood "
"feels like he's under a microscope, being observed by unseen faces intent on picking his life apart "
que es el symbolo para potasium? k? que? k? que? k!!! que? oh! <propfemale>    si! es correcta! espanol con senor reilly  smile 
käytkö täällä usein?  wink  hehehehehe flirttailu 
\okay," we're all going to learn the d major scale! can i borrow someone's violin?\""\"3f0a41decea85bd838e97f40663d0e84,"letters of rejection are always harsh   i just received one saying that i lost the concerto competition to asians from downstate  but they didn't even get the name of the piece i played right! i played mozart not bruch! so, i guess that's how much they cared about my performance  sad "
had a freakout because he didn't have any bananas  he sent his father to fetch some 
"really, really misses playing the new world symphony and other pieces of that caliber "
"no homework! for the first time this year  what to do, what to do?  smile "
"when i'm <propmale> and i have a chauffeur to drive me in my limousine, i'll laugh at all the trailer trash who rode on my bus and touched my hair  cruelty is pleasurable at times "
introduction and rondo capricioso or the kabalevsky violin concerto? i can't decide which one to play for solo and ensemble!
"i should've listened to everyone when they told me that taking four ap courses was suicide  oh well, let the torture continue until june!"
"\me! books and cleverness  there are more important things in life; friendship and loyalty\""  _ hermione granger"""
"the only thing worse than being talked about, is not being talked about  agree or disagree? philosophical question are so very thought consuming "
"the current state of my desk: strewn with paper from the three hole punch, crowded with coffee cups and ap exam sat act prep books and messed with old coffee stained homework assignments  hooray for having no life?"
"it's going to be a long, long night, with only coffee to keep me company "
"needs the all-state orchestra results so he can stop having nightmares about asians, crazy audition pieces and possibly not making it in the orchestra "
i guess all of that worrying was useless because i made it into all-state orchestra!  laugh 
is now taking <propfemale> lessons!  laugh 
thinks choirs in hollywood must get tired of singing all of that intense preview music 
anything's possible!  laugh  hehehe
"they say the sky, high above, is caribbean blue "
i'm moving to lothlorien  would anyone care to join me?
"\be careful! that's from the dollar tree and it's very fragile!\""  smile  i love my little sister """
"this beautiful day-- meant to be devoted to hot chocolate, warm fireplaces, and light reading-- has been marred by apush   sad "
"the word \toecurling\"" has been given new meaning today """
"only take the time\from the helter skelter\every day you find\everything's in kilter\you don't need a reason\let the day go on and on "
let's be asians!
"as a general rule, i'm always sick on snowdays  sad  today is no exception "
there's nothing like a good atonal piece to cheer me up   laugh  haha
i think all of my teachers have forgotten that it's christmas because they've assigned far too much homework 
"so, i was napping and i totally forgot that i was supposed to teach a violin lesson!so my mom had to get me up and remind me  fail of the day!"
is eager to shower his coffee-a-holic friends with starbucks coffee dates using his many starbucks gift cards  laugh 
"has his new passport and, needless to say, the passport picture of me is hideous "
there must be more than this provincial life!
"got to share the most exhilarating, beautiful, and meaningful musical e playful erience of my life with <propfemale> banitt and <propfirst> shahbazi  yay for all-state orchestra!"
found his parents' enormous box of classical records  itzhak perlman playing  bartok and dvorak violin concerti? i think so  smile 
"silly nerves, they get in the way of everything   "
so my brother wants to play his screamo at top volume when our rooms are right next to each other? fine  then he'll have to suffer to my <propfemale> hahn at top volume  hehehehe 
"tried meditating for the first time and it was like \wooaaaahhhh\""  smile  but then i went straight back to work and what not """
"that was the least stressful, most fun solo and ensemble ever! on to states!  laugh "
"just had his wisdom teeth pulled and is not going to do any of his normal busying activities  now, what do i do with myself??"
no one should ever have to eat this much yogurt   
thank god for pain meds  now i feel even dizzier    i miss solid food 
"finished the most evil of all symphonies, rachmaninoff 2  now time to practice for my solo tomorrow  gaaaaah!!!!!!!!"
has a date with his homework tonight that should go verrrrrrry late!  laugh 
"has to give yet another performance of introduction & rondo capriccioso for the neighbors today  i'm getting just a bit tired of it, and i'm sure everyone else is too  playful "
"yes, it's a fine idea to give ap students so much homework that they have to stay up until 3 a m  to complete it, ergo failing quizzes the following morning  i didn't know i was in for all of this   sad "
"six concerts, eleven rehearsals, high school bowl semi-finals and championships, state solo and ensemble and an insurmountable load of homework  all of these must be completed before i go to germany in 26 days "
tahdon sulla olla hyvin helle   
"first, my great uncle asked me what a tweet was, which was understandable  then, he asked me what facebook was, which was regrettable  finally, he asked me what e-mail was and that was hysterical "
happy happy happy happy happy happy!  laugh   laugh 
so this is what it's like to skip school for no good reason? i like it  smile 
"goodbye saint-sanes, hello mendelssohn  smile "
i didn't make it into michigan youth asian festival  sad  does anyone have ideas on how to be more asian so i can make it next year?
five hour afternoon naps really mess up one's circadian rhythem 
two  more  rehearsals  and  18  more  hours  until  germany!!!!!!  laugh 
"germany is one very classy, clean, and modern place  i've decided i'm moving to munich  smile "
seeing <propfirst> tonight in nurmeberg! but i have many euros to spend and i don't know what to buy!
is the proud owner of a <propfirst> hilfiger cardigan!
being in europe has shown me how truly american i am  i think that's a good thing  smile 
i would give anything just to hear one of those atonal glockenspiels ringing from bavarian cathedrals once more   sad 
"for those yet unawares, i'm terrified of heavy metal music "
i've forgotten how much fun 103 degree fevers are! <sarcasm>
"wow, the mendelssohn violin concerto is way trickier than i thought it would be "
i lost my voice!  sad 
