b99f136af76bb7c2c8b975eced271f52
my freakin head hurts!!!!! lol i better not be getting sick
camping camping camping is just oh oh oh so fun dah dah dah
lol how come i never see any of you at school???? your like invisible or im blind
sleepy time   
i hate homework
"i have the wierdest homework, questions about a food scientist and food technician lol who gives homework like that??? in a human physiology class?"
sooooo tired      cant sleep     stupid shoulder
mmmmmmm funnel cakes  smile 
cinnabon!!! so good lol havnt had it in forever and i did today after service and omg my tummy hurts ahha
ugh so bored   
is hyper and yet kinda sad  
is really hungry
i love this shampoo i got from a friend it smells like cookies!!!! no joke  lol mmmm
insane!!!!
"i was so bored today in my <propfemale> class that i made the worlds smallest fortune teller thingy, you know the thing you make out of paper and turn it into a game that \tells your future\"" lol it was smaller than me pinky finger lol  smile  yay boredom"""
"have they ever even answered tht question, what came first the chicken or the egg??? hmmm i still dont know"
ick!
"for whoever wanted this awesome recipe apple cake (super good) 4 cups peeld raw apples- chopped; 2 cups sugar; 2 cups flour; 1 1 2 teaspoons baking soda; 2 teaspoons cinnamon; 1 teaspoon salt; 2 beaten eggs; 3 4 cup oil; 3 4 chopped nuts; 2 teaspoons vanilla; put apples in bowl, sprinkle with all the sugar- let stand, sift flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon  add flour mixture to apples and mix "
"then add eggs vanilla and oil  mix well and add nuts cook in a 13\x9\"" bakin pan in a 350 degree oven  smile """
woohoo i made some funnel cakes today that were amazing!!
ahhh! videogames once again are taking rj away from me!!! ahhhh lol hes addicted!
i want some cookies!!
lol in my 1st period class today i laughed something (i forgot what) then i started choking on my own spit!!! i hate that and it just made me laugh and choke more lol
"lol dont you think its bad when your dad takes longer to get ready than your mom lol my dad took an hour and a half to get ready tonight for church, when my mom only took thirty minutes  smile "
so i walk into my room looking for my shoes when i look down and see theyre already on my feet lol i hate when this happens
woohoo! i got to see the sexiest guy in the world yesterday!! yes thats right igot to see rj <propmale>!  smile  i miss him <propfemale> much now though   
omg i had peanut brittle for the first time this week and it was heavenly! i even had a dream about it which was odd   
made cream puff today in feast today the turned out so tasty and i dont normally like cream puffs
"ahhh i hate these stupid flash cards!! 97! i mean come on really do we need to know all of these terms for the final, if so im screwed"
 sad  i want my hair to grow    
ahhhh my <propfemale> is sooo swollen lol it looks like a half a tennis ball in the middle of my <propfemale>! stupid bucket!
"i had that infamous dream of falling last night, although it was much better than usual cuz i was falling into a pool of pudding!"
ugh  i hate beingsick! and is seems like im always sick but i did get to paint a picture of a tree    random ino
i cant sleep  sad  i havnt had my dose of rj tonight    
punk rock tried to kill the metal    they failed    as they were smite to the ground
ahhh i have no makeup on and it sucks  sad  lol i feel nakey
its an amazing day!! but i need coffee    
where is my apple juice???
i hate allergies!!! > indecision 
why do parents have to be such a pain       djsflsfjahwgjgfsuia!
ahhhh ok who knows how many spaces are in the t chart for mr  haydock??? i dont have the paper lol
i hate when mr  haydock assigns a whole bunch of work and i procrastinate on it      who agrees???
terrified of butterflies and of course i got attacked by one today thats why i hate the spring > surprise 
oh my goodness im addicted  to bananananana nut bread now! mmmmm i shouldn't have eaten any at annisas lol
 sad (( i have noooo voice!!! lol it sounds like a black man smoker hahahah
skadoosh!!
woooo pioneering in may is going to be crazy!!! ive got service planned for every weekend and all throughout the week
most awesome two days with the best two chickidies in the whole world!!! now im ready to catch up on some sleep haha
has to start on haydocks report now  annoyed  ick ick
black <propfemale> kool-aid!
my finger hurts!!! <propfirst>!!!! why did you have to drop the lid of that stupid flour bin!
"woke up one morning   put on my new plastic gloves    gonna go serve some old salsbary steak with a little slice of  love                hoggies and grinders hoggies and grinders, navy beans navy beans, meatloaf sandwhich! sloppy joes sloppy sloppy joes yaa"
nobody makes me bleed my own blood
"time to pack for the convention  annoyed  i hate staying in a hotel, unless they have an awesome shower lol then its fun, i just hate packing all of my stuff and the food for it"
its hott!!!!!! ugh i wish i had a pool or a slip-n-slide i loved those things
graduation yearbook picture tomorrow  annoyed  ugh then off to my sisters
home sweet home
i hate not being able to sleep! its so lonely nobody to talk to
i hate missing someone so much you cant sleep   
i hate spiders
boring monday
yay for teavana tea!
"who has classes with me?! ok heres my schedule i got 1st lunch\1  econ government-hermann\2  ta-dixon\3  introduction to art-stamatis (il probably be with a bunch of freshman  sad  )\4  english-musich\5,6  feast 2"
"just made the hottest salsa ever! lol well to me it is, it made my lips all red and burn like crazy"
almost on my way to disneyland the not so happiest place on earth  annoyed  at least i get to eat crab for the first time  smile  at <propfirst>'s crab shack
i hate when your dad is tired and grumpy as all heck and then your finally in a good mood and you go out into the living room and he yells at you for buying food and for putting the chicken behind the lettuce in the fridge     what an amazing day this has been   
this is going to be an interesting and fun senior year
omg my freaking stomach hurts
"darkness imprisoning me, all that i see, absolute horror, i cannot live, i cannot die, trapped in myself, body my holding cell!!!!!"
help ive fallen and cant get up hahaha
just go my laundry done in one load!!! amazing haha ok maybe not really but it is to me haha
i got my permit!  laugh 
i hate when you see something move on your wall when its dark and you trip as you go to smack it then you turn on the lights to find out it was just fuzz!!!!! ahahah
mmmm i just learned how to make sushi!!! ima make it all the time now haha
got horrible sleep  sad  but got gages today  smile 
my zoo trips as a child give me crazy stories to tell
my house is not a home its a prison   
who wants food!?!?!?!?
here i come <propfemale> <propfirst>!!!
i hate being sick!
 sad 
 laugh  great day
grrr lol
ahhhh getting my wisdom teeth pulled on tuesday!!!!!! short notice and i dont like it lol
ohhhh man im a freakn chipmunk! my cheeks are hecka puffy
i hate mice!! especially the one in my garage! cute but still ahhhh he needs a knew home
remember the good ol days of elementary school when everone thought it was cool to braid beads into their hair!? hah well i do and i vote we take it up a knotch to braiding string into our hair like native freakin americans!!! hahah
idont know what to draw!! any ideas???
i love my new computer!!!!!!!!! omg its freaking amazing  smile 
die you zombies die!
blah     today kinda sucks
best thing known to man                          coffee  laugh 
love the rain
thank goodness all my tests for the day are over  laugh  now i can relax
mmmm snicker doodles
i need to bake something i have a craving to bake
today sucked and still sucks
is it weird that i want an ant farm??
"ok so theres a cd stuck in my moms cd player in her car, and best buy wont fix it so where else can we try?? help!"
