1346cf04439d034abaf4b5402697841d
"watchin \the runaways\"""""
sittin here wit baby <propfemale>
seriously thinkn bout changin my name
sittin here tryin to pass time  
sittin here wit shye listen to some kottonmouth kings
today was awesome
i love my life
got my hair cut   i like it
dang almost forgot my middle name haha
haha my day was awesome
tryin to focus on homework  
this week tired me out  
"today was great cept had to swim in pe, gots a math test tomorrow too   sooo not ready"
hella tired    and bored
the days going great
another awesome day
interesting day   interesting costumes
being positive really helps me get thru the days   makes them go by faster
its been like forever!   missing him so much
i hate the snow!
awesome!
so happy its the weekend  
well im done wit myspace so add me on fb
goin to the movies  
goin to eat at julians dinner
today went well   watchin tv with my dad and <propfemale>
so tired   well at least i can sleep in
jus sittin here listenin 2 music with <propfemale> asleep in my arms
feelin sick   sad 
feelin much better! hope todays goes good
wow! my dad jus came home from work wit 3 <propfemale> bars 4 me hehe
still pretty tired   gonna head up town
haha shyes a tardo =p
in a great mood rite now!!!!!!
"today went rather well   bought some things, visited my bro, went to the movies, and put up the christmas tree!  smile "
so bored   need something to do
haha today was great!!   the things people say sometimes  laugh 
"spending the day with arj, <propfemale>, and baby <propmale>   gotta luv them!"
hmmm i was tired   now im wide awake
oookkkk   guess im goin to the movie tonight haha
i want to do something today but dont kno wat
feelin a little more accomplished   hope tomorrow goes fast  i need a break!
yes skools out and im sooo excited for xmas  hope it dont go by fast
excited and hyper all day   i luv it!!!!!!
me and my dad r hella bored nd goin crazy   need to get out of the house
got a feeling todays going to be busy but i dont mind
very satisfied even if it hasnt started
dont know wat im goin to do tomorrow  
haha day was boring until i got to see my best friend
as good as life is for me   i wish i lived somewhere else! lol somewhere warm
way happy rite now  
once again the days go by fast   for me 
aside from being tired im havin a great day  smile 
welp my headache came back   sad 
awesomeday!&going2the movies
i dont want to live in wy no more   i just want to go somewhere better  this state got nothing to offer  sad 
this day was very interesting   im happy!
my dad took the rest of the day off to spend time with me  going to go eat lunch and head to casper 
i keep thinking todays sunday haha
yepp  the day went good aside from getting a headache
i hope tomarrrow is exciting and fun   not just another day 
i think its been forever since i said anything so    hi!
welp   here in <propmale>  really needed to get away from wyo for a bit
