ed828ba1dd69b3825e65f54ed739e409
wishes you knew    i love you <propmale> salasberry 
is so amazed by how our hobbies that others would consider extremely unique and weird can bring us so close together    i love you <propmale> salasberry 
    it's so hard knowing you're out of class and i can't talk to you 
my name is    june bug
has a hot date tonight! ;p haha
"      she needs wide open spaces, room to make a big mistake, she needs new faces     "
feels that life is calling her to be somewhere else      outside  haha  wink 
"down      stay positve      downward downward       have to stay positive      down, downward, downward spiral      dammit!"
"thank you god! you are everything i need and you are always there for me! thank you for letting me see that lord  how could i forget? you really pulled through for me today  i need to make changes in my life and they are going to be centered around you  i need you to survive, why couldn't i see that  it's time to make you my number one "
doesn't think she can follow through with this      i really miss him 
"chem, chem, chem, i hate chem     "
sixteen hundred freakin' dollah!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ugh       i was so happy when i woke up at seven, then i went back to bed, now i'm up and i wanna go back to sleep  sad "
is not going to do so well on the chem test tonight     
is already coming back to her old self      that was fast      ;p
is truly impressed with the deli today      and her straw wrapper  wink 
"loved last night, and wouldn't take back any second of it!!!"
all my fears are coming true and there's nothing i can do 
"new wounds, old wounds, all completely ripped open e playful osing the pain underneath "
is leaving leaving leaving!!
": i was made into this monster of a person by one stupid little boy, i'm sick of this thing and it needs to change  his presence needs to be gone in me forever and completely "
"life is great!  i'm taking a break from facebook, i'm not ignoring you!"
"is saying farewell to ames      finally, haha just need to pack the printer, computer, trash can, and a light bulb haha goodbye!"
<propmale> all the way baby!!!!!!!!!!! i love boning!!!!!!!!!!!
", i stand corrected it was four times     "
"is stupid as hell, figures that she wants the one thing that she can absolutely never have "
"     if you're wondering if i want you to, i want you to  so make the move  cause i ain't got all night!"
"is oh, so so tired of jerks  i can't take it anymore "
", yoda is sooo the bomb! haha"
"when you kissed my lips with my mouth so full of questions, my worried mind that you quiet, place your hands on my face, close my eyes and say, \that love is a poor man's food \"" don't prophesize     """
"      eyes closed above the rooftops, eyes closed, we're gonna spin through the stars  our arms wide as the sky, we gonna ride the blue all the way to the end of the world       to the end of the world "
"i felt a rush like a rolling bolt of thunder, spinnin' my head around and taking my body under  oh, what a night!\oh, i  i got a funny feeling when he walked in the room and i, as i recall it ended much too soon      oh, what a night!!!  laugh "
", watching undateable, greatest show ever!!! so far it has hit every undateable <propfirst> haha, guys you should watch this and learn something hahaha"
"after the rain goes there are rainbows, i'll find my rainbow soon      the sun is coming out and i have thumbelina on the brain  smile  haha"
i think i'd like the movie <propfemale> better if i started it from the beginning      i have no idea what's going on with this lady haha
", i'm not liking the fact that i like you      haha goodness gracious"
"baby, i love you, never want to let you go  the more i think about it, the more i want to let you know that everything you do is super duper cute, and i can't stand it   ;p"
'you could suck  a beachball through a hose' - shaunacee
"damn, oregon doesn't seem possible at the moment, unless i want to make a ton a debt, which doesn't really feel right      damn "
looking for things to see in      nebraska     ? good luck with that!! haha
", inadequate, yes, that's the word i'm looking for  inadequate "
once again finds a new favorite band!! woooo!!!! awesome  laugh 
", i like it on the floor and occasionally the couch  ;p hahahaha"
gin and redbull baby!!
making food for muh' man!!
i have some ideas for a crazy awesome birthday present      i'm just trying to figure out which is the best
