2883fac32b6a98630affd94e2ecf891b
"looking for another old school car to turn into a dragstrip monster   anyone got any ideas where i can find a cheap body, i'd prefer an early camaro, 73 at the latest, or an early <propfemale>, and someother early gm's "
"off work today, but gotta fix stuff, its never ending i swear  got off work at 3am staying up and starting to fix shit in t-minus 46 mins and counting, its gonna be a long day, probably fully of bad words and burning eyes  at least its not 9000 fucking degrees today though!"
"building a wind turbine, gonna cook up some free electric!"
off to work
brake job time
off to work i go
off to work i go
"my\ car has a window forming    on the floor under the clutch \pedal    its gonna be retired soon, before i have road rash on my ass, \haha! good news   the truck is alive!!! again!  i worked out the \transmission gremlins   transmissions   f*&%$!$!  i picked up all the \components for the brakes today   except brake fluid, i forgot, dam \figures haha! next tie rods and 4x4 components, should be ready to roll on sun "
"the truck is alive, for now  the wheel bearings are quickly on their way out though  which causes the abs to engage at inopportune times,(makes for an interesting drive haha!) because, the wheel bearings and abs sensors are incorporated into single hub assemblys  which really pisses me off, i like the old setups much more, but what can ya do? aircraft grade bearings my ass! pita"
off to work
"think, i'm gonna head to the shooting range today, haven't been for about 4 months, feeling <propmale> "
"off to work, hope its a quick monday"
"putting a new roof on the house, going to a gun show, and maybe helping my sister move tomorrow   if her worthless boyfriend isn't there   "
"the truck is back up and running   again   yes, it bit the dust again  fucking amazing!  $1150 spent on it in the past 30 days, grand total since i've had it   $5000 +   annoyed "
"tomorrow should be an \interesting\"" day """
off until next tuesday!
"go learn some stuff, have some fun, if you get arrested you didn't hear it from me, hahah! http annoyed  www phonelosers org "
time to work on more cars
"thanks for the b-day wishes, i'm off to bed then off to work, talk to ya all later"
"more cars, the work never stops hahaha!"
sail your pirate flag high and proud! <propfemale> somewhat late christmas!
isn't there suppose to be a snow storm starting tonight?
"oh man! it is freezing out there, dam wind cuts right through ya, must be blowing 30-40mph down here "
"i quit smoking today   i got a feeling its gonna be a shitty day at work tomorrow, haha!"
"mmmmmmm    time for a beer, long night at work "
dam cars   at least its nice out
beeeeeeer! hahaha!
anyone up for black ops
good day for cooking out
yeah
dam theres snow on the ground again! well off to work 
"got a sore shoulder, today was shotgun day, 12ga! fun stuff! time for a drink, or many, hahaha!"
$3 79 for gas   that sucks 
