880c430349d834bfd1d266dd86f9681c
finally off the road  happy new year!
meh 
hope <propfemale>'s ok!
blah  anyone free on the 1st who wants to help <propfemale> move? (anyone hear the desperation?)  joyful  please!
o o
oh school  you depress me 
"going out for drinks later (maybe  laugh ), to celebrate my legalization birth day  if anyone is interested in joining the fun despite the weather, gimme a text call: 781-724-6852, and i will give ya the details "
ugh  o o
thanks everyone   joyful 
going to pink concert!
hope i'm not sick   
oh bloody hell 
lost a bunch of photos   quite upset about it 
i think rogue found some drugs   
"no sleep for me, only pain   "
"doing homework, maybe cleaning, then afi concert  "
blah blah 
its raining
"oh maine, you disappoint me   sad "
brains
la la la
i'm tired of people hating me because of misunderstandings! fuck you all!
tired
"dear simmons peers,  i have had enough of your douchebaggery   love always,  <propfemale>"
rogue broke the usb part of my flash drive   fuck 
apparently i am a cat 
rogue the <propfemale> likes bringing stuff all around in her mouth  she brought a pack of tissues to the bedroom and proceeded to bring the tissuew underneath the bed  what a good girl   o o
so bored
happy thanksgiving day! remember to really feel thankful before going back to your regular activities and not giving a shit   joyful 
"if only i could be flying away with my own wings  if only i wasn't so caged   if only i  hadn't fucked up so bad  maybe then, maybe then i wouldn't feel so sad "
lalaa   tired 
brains 
blah   
wish i could sleep 
"<propmale> season finale, all i can say is, woah "
having trouble finishing
it's going to be a long day 
almost done with school    
and done! last thing sent in!
is chilling around  what to do today? what to do   
is no longer runjo 
"yum yum, mic just made a great dinner "
last semester   
is playing wii 
might have a cold nooo!
snoo 
no classes   but a ton of work to do   off to the school i go!  sad 
lots of stuff to do   
ahhhhh!
bad day
awful night   hoping for a better rest of the day
whoosh 
"if anyone is interested in staying in the fenway area during the summer (june-aug) and would like to sublet, please let me know for the info   laugh "
"what a strange week to be trying to get stuff done  stuff done i don't want to  to finish, exhausted but done  done with the place that constantly changes  changes into something different  different than this strange week "
"great, my glasses broke "
"it's not too late, it's never too late   "
"lots to do today   go on the search for new glasses, mfa, and possibly cleaning homework "
oh monday  i love how you start off so bright and lovely  *cough*
is anyone does anyone know anyone who is looking to sublet in the fenway area for the summer  let me know   laugh 
a strange day it will be    
headache  
no sleep for me   wasting time on the internets   not helping  whoo  o o
lala   long day today    looong day 
*yawn*
long day  o o!!!!
tired  woo 
just need to get through 2 final critiques and then i am done 
tired of the crap 
"type - the final frontier  and then i will be done  if i can get through tonight, barely matters i guess "
fin   laugh 
officially graduated now   laugh 
"cleaning the apartment, it looks pretty \decent\"" (at least for what it usually looks like)  anyone interested in subletting? haha """
too hot!
what to do today   
thinking about the things that are all over and will not be picked up 
"*yawn* only 3 hours of sleep, maybe i will get some more now   "
jittery from the caffeine but tired from lack of sleep   ahhh!
gr  stupid people are stupid 
don't know what to do with myself   
ugh  i am so sorry for putting everyone through so much pain 
brains 
go away 
had an enjoyable night last night  laugh 
arrrrrgghhhh 
"agh, the pain "
going to the doctor today   fun timessss   except not 
why pain? why?! drugs   not helping    sad 
"as the intensely evil pain i was feeling last night seems to be wearing off, i discover that i might just be healing finally   i sing a bittersweet \yay   \"" into the morning """
back from the hospital  hopefully this time will actually get better!
healing   
"ugh, in hell "
lalala 
had a decent day today  yay!
"try to ride out the storm, whilst they make you believe that they are the special ones, injustice is the norm, you won't be the first and you know you won't be the last   "
going for a bike ride
starting new job on monday   ah!
i feel sick   
woosh 
it's going to be a long day   
"ugh, week be over soon, please!"
ugh  tired  work 
 laugh  no work today!
"working extra, then glee!!!"
friday!!!
"why am i still sick!? oh well, yay glee tonight!"
   still sick! bloody hell   i'm so done with it 
tired!!! pissy!!! 4 5 hours of work left!!! grraaahhhh!
long day   argh 
"weekend time almost, meaning hopefully sleeeeeep!"
this is lame 
brains   
wish i was asleep   
weekend is approaching   yes!
ladidaaaa!
don't want to be sick anymooore!
happy halloweeeeeen!!!
ugh 
concert!!!
weeekendd   sleeeeep 
boob poopers 
<propmale> potter is soooooooon!
last night was so much fun! yay deathly hallows! yay build a bear!
3 days of work   
arghhhh
"i wish this day was over now, please "
i want to leave this place 
wheeeee!
thanks 
i suck 
i am awesome 
arghhhh    
<propmale> potter!
tired 
yay for the weekend   sleeeeep 
going to see <propfemale> <propmale> at berklee tonight!
so dizzy 
headache    neverending   
argghhhh     
brains 
yay for weekend fun  now   no work tomorrow please? snoooow where are yoouuu!?
argh  munchers munching my munchies 
is    still in the 617 
"filling up on endless enzymes from other people's ugly insides, all this bitterness is starting to grow cold, accompanies an empty evening hanging onto complications  sometimes quicksand has a massive appeal to me "
"no work tomorrow, meaning i have a whole week off from work! woot!"
snow everywhere!
brains 
week of freedom from work is coming to a close  sad     
i get to work and most of the electricity is down   soooo    wtf are we supposed to do all day?
i am awake   really i am   *falls over*
whoo weekend!
wheeeeee  snow day tomorrow?!
friday again!? yay for short weeks    laugh 
yay long weekend!
yay got out of work early!  laugh 
"gonna be <propfirst> bieber’s girlfriend tonight\and we’re gonna be dancing in the moonlight\he’ll play my song\then it’s love at first sight\gonna be <propfirst> bieber’s girlfriend tonight"
ugh   
ughhh o o go away
yay! sleeptime?
"oh boy, more snow!"
linkin park concert in the snooow
go away life  i don't want to be at work anymore   
dizzzzy
argghh  am i alive?
brains!
