346cb49b39c7100b2f1813c7f530e72a
"seems like there was an e playful losion of christmas cheer in here    in fact, it's almost razzmatazz in its levels of glamorous!"
loves how gift cards allow you to be dirt broke and still go on a shopping spree!
is lonely 
is gonna learn how to be a real barista today!
i liek mudkips 
pirate day today!  looking forward to causing a public nuisance in old sac 
i liek mudkips 
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can raise awareness "
"every time i log in, facebook says i should become friends with <propfemale> white "
"i nominate my mama as the best mom evar  don't be jealous, kids, it's just a fact  happy mother's day!!"
i liek mudkips
hyde is a glam-pirate digging up porno-treasure!!!
i liek mudkips
job interview @ old soul co today   wish me luck!!
"epic work search: the sequel was extremely gratifying, with no less than 3 (three!!) pre-interviews!  now, time to make up for all that productivity by vegging in front of the tv and having a shock-top "
managed to impress her new boss today enough that he promised to double her hours and give her a raise   customer service: it literally pays to grin like an idiot 
is having an anxiety attack for the first ti- oh my god don't f**king touch me christ
i liek mudkips
i like mudkips 
finally has a day off at the same time as her beautiful boy for the first time in two weeks!  hurray!
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
will resume car adventures after a year-long hiatus in less than 24 hours 
"what's this?  it's time to head to work?  oh, i guess i'll just drive there!!!!!!!!!"
"one of the great things about living working visiting all within the bounds of the same city is that one whole, busy week has seen me go down 3 4 of a tank   much to be preferred over the daily grass valley-meadow vista-auburn-rocklin-sacramento route, which costs me easily two tanks of gas a week   rock on, city life!"
my paycheck impossibly posted this morning despite being deposited on friday after 4 pm in an atm!  wells fargo cannot fight the power of my awesomeness need for cash!
i liek mudkips
i want pasta  :e
"some other employee fails to show up or be contacted, so apparently i am going back in to close at 6   bwa~"
"had an excellent day off, complete with eating, drinking, sleeping and luxurious nudity   laugh "
i'm food <propmale>!!
i liek mudkips
:<
"needs to reinstate her complacent individualism rather than being entirely reliant on coexistence \\also, vamps in 10 days w00t!!!1"
"t-minus 3 days and counting   also, i feel like now would be a good time to utilize my extravagant bath bomb "
"is posting this from her brand new, beautiful kindle! thank you so much, sweetpea!"
updating from the street in sf where we have been rained on and watched numerous crack deals go down  so worth it 
i liek mudkips
the best part of wakin' up~
i liek mudkips
"did so much laundry including towels and washcloths   <propfirst> and i will be stylin' in our clean, fresh clothing now   wink "
"smashed her desperate attempts to eat healthily by devouring most of a bag of microwave popcorn   did also get more healthy snackies, though, for the next overwhelming urge to stuff my face "
i liek me sum mudkips   yesireeeee 
"fired up the life goals rocket again today by beginning my enrollment process at sac city college and spending hours finding all the classes to a) get an aa with the <propmale> i want and b) transfer to a usc  this time, i will not stall and burn to a crisp in the atmosphere   this time, i have a full tank of work ethic and life skills for fuel \\prepare to eat my stellar smoke, earth "
leeloo costume is finished (except for clipping excess trim and threads)   i don't know where when i will wear it because i work like twelve hours on halloween (woot?) but you can bet i will find the time 
"nanowrimo is go   1,549 words and counting   let's make it good this year!"
"facebook's header reminds time and time again of how i never received my voting information despite updating my voting registrations months ago   apparently, i've not lived in sacramento long enough to have a valid opinion   how insulting!  i didn't have a valid opinion in placer county, and i still got to vote there!"
i liek mudkips
oh my god i am so sleepy  x x
i liek mudkips
i liek teh mudkips
"survived a workday out of a situation comedy (including a mysterious hours-long assuredness that i was about to throw up, followed by dumping a gallon of water espresso grinds solution on the floor and my legs) to come home to a package of pretty new lime crime make-ups   hurray!"
"oh where, oh where have the soulful <propfemale> child fangirls gone?  i am exactly in the mood for some mournful vampiric existential angst with just a dash of unrequited pedophilia "
i liek mudkips - <propfemale>
"1  downloaded and began to watch black swan   decided this would be better done in dance gear \2  split ass of ballet tights while cramming cookie into my gaping maw \3  enjoyed remainder of movie while riding the exercise bike and doing pliés "
is tired of being sick now 
"is getting back to her spiritual self, which luckily at this time of year means cleaning everything   it's a big job, but i've seen worse   wink "
"is still waiting, with mounting and fiery impatience, for that last w-2 "
i liek mudkips
is double-shiftin' it today   haven't worked at opa for a while so    we'll see how that works out   laugh  i hope you guys like burnt falafel 
"i wanted to take a picture of my imbolc feast of baked potato soup and tasty whole wheat braided bread, but i forgot and ate it, so you'll just have to take my word that it was both delicious and prepared with skill "
"dear \pro-life\"" politicians; please collect the money you were using to redefine rape push bills to allow hospitals to ignore critically ill women who need abortions and redirect this money to my personal checking account where it will be more wisely spent   thank you """
i liek mudkips
finally got paid so she could come home with a bottle of pinot noir and drink it out of a fancy glass   smile 
"even as a diehard fan, i can sense the way lady gaga's videos are slowly pulling into an elliptical orbit   pros: unicorns, gratuitous shots of giving birth, gaga's fine backside   cons:  wtf is this video about "
i liek mudkips
decided to play around with a costume idea while i had the house to myself and came to a noteworthy conclusion: every failed attempt to do <propmale> burns makeup and successive scrubbing of my face to start over brings me closer to actually looking like him 
