099295bb83a9216aff38210a73fe5616
hi! i just got facebook
i have no idea how to use facebook
i just got on facebook  and it says that i have 4 friend requests  what does that mean?
"hey, everyone! you should go on my website www tomatoesarered yolasite com! it's not very good, but i only made it because i didn't know about facebook yet!"
can't wait til end of qrtr!
i was just playing a game on the internet and someone had a score over 80 times mine  it's nice to know that i have more of a life than some people   smile 
"hey, everybody! you should all go on my website, www tomatoesarered com, because now google pays me money whenever anyone goes on it!"
late start tomorrow!!!  smile 
cleverbot is awesome!
has anyone else ever thought that it's probably not a coincidence that the initials of bible studies=bs
got a callback for the musical!!!!!  smile 
"he stalks you at night, calls little children ho's, and breaks into your house in the middle of the night  he is <propfemale> claus"
my house has wifi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
in the best mood that i've been in since i came to sjp!  smile 
its a wonderful life
la <propfemale> es <propfemale> (and so is google translate)
i hate it when my ipods wifi is being stupid and not letting me txt right!!!!!
suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper bored!
 sad 
la <propfemale> es <propfemale>!
sjp is officially two million times better than albany
just thought that i would let you all know that national opposite day is in two days  smile 
is extatically happy for once
just stayed up all night cleaning my room  not sure whether to be proud of myself or worried   
green bay wins!!!!!
i absolutely love the sci-fi fantasy interim!
life is way too confusing
what sound do kangaroos make?
my phone is dead and can't be charged until monday  i think i might just go die of boredom now 
i  hate  snow 
feels pretty b a  because he just friend-requested 83 people with the name of rob robbie robert hare 
is already  regretting going to the dance
"warning!! facebook will be closed for maintenance from february 29th to 31st!! facebook wants you to share this message with at least 15 of your friends for the best <propmale> of alerting everyone  many people will try to login from february 29 to 31, just to find the site close down for those days with no warning  help your facebook family --- repost this!"
"i read this on a <propfemale> on fb but it's so true that it had to be posted rather than liked\\these things are true as a rule for most guys (the good ones anyway", and we are out there) annoyed 099295bb83a9216aff38210a73fe5616,"4  it's not fun to be used  usually \\5  most of us don't like open relationships any more than you do \6  there is such a thing as too clingy \\7  there are times when even a smart guy won't just say 'you're right, i'm sorry ' so bear with us, it just means we care about the subject \\8  you can call or text or instant message first  we like to feel missed too sometimes "
"9  don't just say 'it's fine' when it's not, because most of the time we won't realize that it's not \\10  even if we do realize it's not fine, tell us why, because we will never figure it out otherwise  not because we don't care, but because you girls confuse us \\11  there's a limit to how much we can take of your comments on how hot a male celebrity is \there's alot more, but i don't want to clutter the newsfeed"
life is good
estoy muy en conflicto acerca de la <propfemale> ahora  annoyed 
my life just got muuuuuuuuchoooo better  smile 
"hey, could everyone email: elise7369@gmail com and give her reasons to live? i was on a site where you try to cheer depressed people up, and i wasnt able to convince her and she is planning on committing suicide tonight so please hurry! thank you! its very important!"
just finally redecided what my topic will be for the english paper thats due tomorrow
fml
just got 11 hours of sleep: life is good  smile 
probably time to start on my health paper  sad 
wants to buy his sister a new calculator to replace the one he lost playful 
my older sister is officially an idiot who has an annoying habit of posting my statuses 
"ugh i hate not having a phone plan anymore! now to text someone, i have to send them a fb message, and then sometimes wait for hours for them to have time to reply! ugh"
