4a92288e6e62de2a7a1608f495d91ced
breakaway!!!!
meh - <propfemale> - koh!!!!!    thats mexico for all yall that dont get it    haha i said yall     hahahahaha im bored
lots of stuff to do     i hate current events 
"im excited to go shopping for costumes and jeans with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale>  smile )))  <propfemale> newman <propfemale> hancock"
arrg! i hate history! especially the constitution! i dont understand it  sad  i dont understand history in general lol  im smart until it comes to history 
haha   i just had the biggest longest laugh attack of my life    i love my brotha  smile 
this is just great  i get to sit in my house studying for the stupid constitution while everyone is going around getting <propfemale>  i want caandy <propfemale> bad 
the pants aren't treating me too well lol 
omg! i hope i can do office t a  with <propfemale>!!!! i will be mad if she does <propmale>  but ill always love her  smile  lol
"press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  put this as your status if it works  after you follow all the steps scroll up or down   then the circles will appear  it really works  i promis it is so weird!!!oh and you have to press refresh to make them go away smile  whoa!"
omg  what is up with these stupid scam websites everyone is posting on my wall? arrg 
i am bored out of my mind  blah 
sooooo bored  <propfemale> and i cant find anything to do  lol
mmm  cheeeeeese  smile 
10 days til my birthday!!!!
", watch a movie, and put up the christmas tree today! <propfemale> finally gets to watch open season 2  haha"
<propfemale> is leaving!!!!  sad ((((((( i never got to say bye  thats sad  crying 
just had the best car ride home ever  haha   my brother is black  hahaha  he's hilarious 
ice creamm   yummmm 
ooohh boyy   i gotta a lot of things to do 
cant wait until glee is on!!!!!!
arrg  i hate school  i have <propfemale> much homework!! blehhh 
cant wait for the weekend!
i got 100% on the dbq!!! yuhs!
is going target!! hahahahahahahahahahahahaha   
omg! i cant wait for chriiistmaas time   is here  hahahaha!
it's christmas <propfemale>!!! ahh!! last minute christmas shopping! video making!!! busy busy day!!!
send me presents on farmville  smile ))) lots and lots of presents!
"making last minute christmas video with my cousins  every year we do some kind of entertainment    either video, performance, or something   fun fun stuff   blood sweat and tears   no tears yet  bahahahahahaa    sigh "
had a great day! fun at church with adorable kids! the best laugh ive ever had! shopping with my mom! i got some great stuff! including lamb slippers!!! hahaha overall ammazing day!!  smile ))
"oh my goodness! i just found out that you can microwave cookie dough and itll cook like it would in the oven! cooking it in the oven is prob better, but microwaving it is so much faster! did anyone else know this?? i am so amazed right now!!"
i hate mrs  wainwright  she's the worst teacher on the planet  she makes everything 10x more complicated than they really are 
is nibbling on cheeeeessse  smile 
i finally get to come to riptide tonight! yuhs 
"oh my goodness  the funniest, weirdest thing happened to me just a minute ago  i washing the car outside, and i started spacing out    and then these two missionary guys in suits standing on the sidewalk said \hi\"" and i totally flipped out  hahaha that was funny """
i hate history  stupid manifest <propfemale>  it doesn't make sense  grr   i dont wanna study    i wanna make gummy bears  lol
 smile 
eew  school is gross  lol  i dun wanna go tomorrow  annoyed 
4 more daaaaayys!!!  laugh dddd
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your first name under comments, here's mine  smile "
"1 more daaaay!!!!! i cant wait!!!! please dont get sick, <propfemale>  pleeeaase "
just go back from the most amazing weekend ever!!!!
picture day tomorrow   eww 
"for anyone in algebra with wainwright, i found a lifesaver  mathway com factors the equations, so no need to guess and check tonights homework!"
just finished helping my sister paint her room gray  so gloomy  but it looks cool
eeew homework  blehh 
"omg  do not watch the hey, soul sister music video  watching it ruined the song for me  its not a bad video   its just     well if you love the song, dont watch it "
"ms  banker turned in the mugshot <propfemale>s and now theyre final  the font is ugly (helvetiva), the borders are on even, and it does look too good  annoyed     im too happy with it    it might not be that bad, but i am terribly picky, and the fact that it was my <propfemale> and she did a lot of it make me a bit   frustrated i guess   sigh  i dont take credit for the mug shots anymore lol  geez this is bugging me  idk why   lol"
ahhh!!! nooo!!! this isnt possible!! how??? it's friday  and that means tomorrow is saturday    and then its sunday   and then   s  sch  schh  school  how did spring break go by so fast?!?!? i dont like this  bleh 
had done absolutely nothing exciting this spring break   until today   but it wasn't a good thing lol   i could totally wait til tomorrow  sigh  school 
"grrrr  if i were a bear, i think i might eat someone "
"grrrr  if i were a bear, i think i might eat someone   still"
"good morning starshine, the earth says hello  smile "
i cant believe this week is the last week of the season! ive only gone up once this season because something always happened to me  errr  i hope i can go on saturday!!
my last trip to the slopes is tomorrow!!  crying  it will be legendary  i'm excited  so excitied i can't even e playful ress it 
on my way to boreal!! this will be a memorable trip  yeaa i'm gonna do something legendary  hahaha yea right 
i'm on my way back home! the trip was greaat but now i have to get to church  eerr i'm gonna be like and hour late  oi 
youth week at church was fuun  smile 
oh my goodness gracious  i am out of my mind when i'm bored  i cannot think straight  oi 
i'm mad  crazy and angry 
the shower is a magical place that really refreshes you on the inside and out  it totally cleared my mind and now i'm feeling better  smile  lol
im trying to find the easiest cartoon to draw for ceramics  
"omg  i feel terrible  because of me, my bro might be in fault  oh no "
is watching glee!
my computer is so slow  it needs to just break so we can get a new one  smile  lol
wouldn't it be cool if every place had one kind of weather and every other place you went had a different kind  weird 
"i just realized, i'm gonna fail the math <propfemale> test  i cannot remember anything i learned from the beginning or middle of the year   oh boy "
shhchool   sigh 
just got back from <propmale> furby's go away party and is gonna watch the blindside! can't wait!!
just watched the blindside  smile  amazing movie  i loved it!
"i lost my phone  i didnt think i was one of those people who needed ther phone, but i am  i cannot function   oh boy   im dying here "
"so happy! i have a phone! well not the one i lost, but the same kind   but that means i dont have any contacts  so i need your <propfirst>!"
hail and rain and lighting and thunder!!! ahhh!!
happy day!!! i officially have my phone now!! so text me and tell me who it is!
watching glee  laugh 
who's doing breakaway?!?!?!
going to church   team taco all the way babay!
working on the poetry and quilt project  yay  so fun  sarcasm 
who's doing the first week of breakaway???
good night world  wink 
i wanna do something today    besides wash the cars and do chores  hmm
"i'm going on an adventure to get a cage for a <propfemale> my uncle found  its a parakeet! a cute, fat parakeet "
ahh! i hate hisory  i better do well on the exam tomorrow  err 
i have so much homework!! errr 
i hope i do well on the essay!!
happy mother's day  smile 
wow  so many crying kids  i worked in 2 year olds today    i am so tired  all the kids were crying and running up to me  sigh  well that's over  
just went to mas for lunch  oi  so full   but best mexican restaurant evaa 
gleeeeeeee  laugh  haha oh glee
eeww i'm at the gym  sad 
i'm craving sushi    mmm 
"what is up with the weather?? just saturday it was hot and in only 3 days, it rains  it's may flowers not may showers!! world, you've got it all wrong "
arrr  i'm a pirate  and i'm frustrated with the stupid essay were doing tomorrow  i better do well 
its crazaay how many songs my bro knows   hahaha
going to yosemite with mi familia for el weekendo! yay? i dun know  well see  lol
why can't school just be over   errr    iduwanna finish my american invention essay 
i love green pears  smile 
its only 82° outside but its scorching hot  oh what this cold weather has done to us 
breakaway training! can't wait til next week!
delicious din din  smile 
im confused   kinda worried   idk whats going on  
going to <propfemale> world tomorrow  smile  i hope its in the 70's so i don't die of heat  oh boy please don't be hot!
"coming back home from six flags! i rode medusa, roar, and kong for the first time!! fun stuff!"
just took an amazingly refreshing shower and now i feel clean yay  smile 
something is wrong with our math teacher  she's giving us a quiz on the second to last day of school  who does that?? err 
summaah tiime  smile  <propfemale>
"cant wait to sleep in!!!! good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite  smile "
so much for sleeping in  i woke up at 8:23 
i think someone stole my moneys   25 hard worked for cha-chang gone  awesome possum  but possums aren't awesome so  
"washing cars, then chores, then cleaning the bathroom, then getting ready for steph's party"
"aww  sad  i missed the bridge! that movie last night made me wake up late sigh  its ok, i get to see the kiddies at 11 smile 0  smile "
let's breakaway to the arctic freeze tomorrow!! i can't wait to meet my little guys!
i love it when i cant stop laughing  smile 
10 hours 'til breakaway!!!
summer small group kick off!
i love my breakaway group!! 4 and 5 year olds are the cutest!!!!
i'm <propfemale> sad!!!! breakaway is over this week  sad  i won't be seeing my kiddies cute little faces anymore!!
"just came out of a crowded igloo where we were playing mafia, would you rather, and telephone while eating goldfish with elemenatary kids  fun stuff!"
iduhwanna clean 
won't be at the bridge today or next week  sad  i'm gonna be missing 3 weeks in a row!
"so i accidentally left the house with these ugly shoes and were locked out of the house, so i have to go shopping in big ugly sandals  yee  "
"in an amazing, happy mood  smile  i love breakaway!!"
im gonna miss breakaway so much!!  crying  i hope i get to see all the kids at church again!
i think i'm breathing cows  i'm about to die with this smell 
oh my goodness  all i can smell in my car is cows  again  i'm gonna seriously die  bleeehh!!
i'm finally home after that 9 hr drive!! i'm so happy to be back in roseville  except for this disgusting weather   so hot 
having a broken a c doesn't come in handy when it's 100  in your house  not at all 
"gotta wash the cars now, inside and out  and after that, i get to do my chores  yay  sigh "
i'm locked out of my house right now   luckily we have a pool house though! so i'm sitting in it waiting for someone to pick up their phone or come home   lol
firework time  laugh 
snowboarding in july?? yes! now i love boreal  smile 
"so last week i had something to do like everyday, but this week i've had nothing to do like    everyday  not cool  i'm so boredduh "
going to icing on the cupcake!!!!   laugh 
just saw despicable me!!! i loved it! it's so fluuffyyy! bahahahahahhaha! but now i'm home   bored  sigh 
"aaahh!! my mouth is burning like a wildfire  the burning won't go away!!! 20 <propfemale> after i rinsed my mouth with mouthwash, my cheeks are burning like crazzaaay??"
"its pathetic how little ive done this summer  its almost coming to an end and a majority of  it had been spent at home, bored to death, with nothing to do  doesnt that sound fun?"
"i watched toy story 1 a while ago, just finished toy story 2, time for toy story 3  laugh "
im hoping to be able to go to <propfemale>'s tomorrow and help her pack for washington!!
"gonna go to sunsplash with cass and cass, and then <propfemale>'s coming over  smile "
i am so out of shape 
i think i messed up my wrist  awesome possum 
"so i gotta wash the cars, which will take about 2-3 hrs, then i have to clean the bathrooms which will take an hour or so, and then chores which is another hour"
"oh  my  goodness  gracious  i only have 2 more weeks until school starts  2 weeks! that's ridiculous!  sad  i can't go back yet  i need to accomplish a little more of something called fun, not boredom "
"had fun at church today  smile  the message was great, and the kids were awesome  i love bayside"
oh  my goodness  i just went through 20 <propfemale> of pure torture  i'm gonna collapse  i'm gonna be so sore tomorrow  yayy  
i am so sore 
mmmmm   ice cream  smile  in a cone!
my sister is going to germany   in a month  for 6 months??? this is gonna take a while for me to process   
so here i am in safeway with this white tattooed trucker listening to black music with the bass turned up to the <propmale>   hahahhahahaa 
i am <propfemale> happy  smile  i love bayside church and all the wonderful people there!!! i am in such a good mood!!
so school starts in 1 week   nunca 
"nooo!!! link crew tomorrow!! im fine with going to link crew, but i dont wanna see anyone tomorrow, itll make me feel too much like school has started  sad   and im just not too much of a people person especially during the summer  lol"
"just saw <propfirst> st  cloud!! i loved it, but i still dont undertand it  "
"i just made the most delicious smoothie ever  frozen peaches, frozen mangoes, frozen strawberries, and frozen yogurt   so thick and deeeelish!!! it took quite a while since we own a terrible blender, but it was worth it  yumm"
hanging out with one of the coolest 8th graders everr!!   lacey sad (
eew school  am i the only person not excited for high school? i am just sad my summer is almost all over 
summer has officially ended  huu-zaah 
first day of school and i already have homework  what is this??
at the gym 
i woke up at 7:10 and left at 7:15  wow  i am speedy!
mmm mm steak  smile 
"going bowling with the \fam\"""""
i don't wanna go to <propfemale> <propfirst>  sad  i'm gonna miss seeing everyone tomorrow 
yes! mini day!!
mmm mmm <propmale> nuggets :9
i hate basic <propmale>  what is the point of <propmale>ist a day  writing it down in our sketchbooks doesnt do anything for us 
oh my goodness gracious  i've been sick for 2 weeks with just a cough and i am sick of it  my abs are hurting from coughing so much lol  when will it end!!
omg its freezing outside  sooo cold!! just walking through the parking lot almost gave me frostbite  not really but really lol
i gotta busy day today! wow it feels good to know i have things to do today haha finally i have a life!
today was a great day until i realized    i have chores  awesome 
"its my sister's last day here  sad  i know that it is, but i dont feel like she's really gonna leave "
now its all real to me  my sister's leaving  for real  gone until christmas  back for a week  then off again for 3 more months    sad  sigh 
omg  i've been sick for 3 weeks  this is ridiculous  when will it end!!
it is hot 
"<propfemale> hancock, nothing beats my dragon "
"went to old sac, took pictures, went to chalk it up, took more pictures, and now going home, then to camile's!!"
i hope i can go!!!
one pet peeve of mine: sweat hands 
bio midterms  yuck 
bio midterms  yuck 
gooo brooo!!!! <propfirst> <propfirst> won homecoming <propmale>!!!!!!! ommgg!!!!
cold stone creamery  smile 
i basically spent my whole day with kids today  smile 
"so i had to stop working on my essay to drive to the sprint store and wait for 45 <propfemale> while i thought i'd get my phone, all so they could say, i'm not legible to get an upgrade for another month  man, i totally got my hopes up! argg"
yes!!! its finally in the 70's!!! its officially fall!!
how long are temporary tattoo's supposed to last?? mine stayed on for more than a month haha i'm so proud of my dragon
"its raining  laugh  actually just really lightly sprinkling, but still!"
i want a soft pretzel!!!
"goodbye school, hellooo sleep  smile  haha im so happy for tomorrow!"
"yaayyy i won!!  laugh d but now its a matter of my responsibility for me to be able to go   this will be hard, but i will do whatever it takes to go to mexico!"
i already miss the sunshine
"last night, i got into bed around 7 smile 0 and fell asleep around 8 or 8 smile 0  smile "
"best day of my life  i got pooped on my head by a bird at lunch, missed half of spanish class to wash my head off with cold water, and dry my hair with mounds paper towels  smile  thank youu @terradickinson "
got my pixi finally and i love it!! getting new stuff is so fun!!
getting my box for kids-in-a-box!!
fun but messy day with <propfemale> and <propfirst> hahhahhaha
i cant wait for kids-in-a-box!!!
oh boy haha i left the house in my fuzzy slippers and miss matching socks aha
finally watching toy story 3!!  laugh 
made a marshmallow fondant chocolate cake yeesterday and i'm gonna make an oreo cheesecake todaay  smile  i love baking!
warm in my down blanket sitting outside of urban outfitters  smile  50 <propfemale> to go   yay 
i'm pretty much dead right now  i've been up since 9am without one minute of sleep 
i'll be 15 in 7 days!!
"mrs  sund definitely hates me, but it's ok cause the feeling's mutual  playful "
"thanks for all the birthday wishes  smile  today was wuunnerful! now just 3 weeks til christmas, a few months til im braces free, 4 months til mexicali, and 6 more months til i can get a permit!! exciting stuff!"
had so much fun on my way to and at <propfemale>'s helpers!
i am great at studying and being focusing and not at all ever being distracted by anything ever 
who knows how to snowboard or ski and has their own board gear stuff??
yay  studying for biology 
"whoa  it wasnt raining, and the second there was thunder, it was pouring  not even joking  <propfemale> weird!"
omg  i just spent the last 3 hours with the cutest twin 2 year old boys  smile 
"just made a fondant cake for christmas with my cousin and trusty elves  laugh  it took a lot of frustration and perseverance to not give up, but it looks somewhat decent now haha"
its almost chreeeesstmaahs  laugh 
"i just finished getting my hair cut for the first time since 7th grade! i got about 5 inches cut off, it feels so weird  "
merryy chreesstmaahs everyone  laugh  aand happy birthday jesus!
on our way to boreal  laugh 
ive been stuck on this stupid lift for over 10 minutes  not even exagerrating a little  it's so cold 
"im kinda confused   if frosh survey geography class was dropped, where do i go for 2nd period cuz my schedule hasnt changed "
cant wait for tomorrow  laugh  gonna go snowboarding con mi hermano y padre and attempt to learn some tricks haha
on our way to the snow and i got the whole back seat to myself  laugh d this is exciting  smile 
"i finally landed a jump!  laugh  it may not be that amazing and also may have been a really small jump, but i could barely even make it over the jump before so this is huge for me haha"
oh my gaahh my mom just got a juicer and now im being forced to drink her disgusting vegetable juice concoctions  why 
should i graduate high school early?
ok i think ive decided   im gonna stay in high school for at least one semester of my senior year and do ib certificate  smile 
"the lip sync show was great, but t-swizzle and t-pizzle definitely shouldve won haha"
i wanna go snowboarding on mondaayyyuh
"went to <propmale>'s and target with <propfemale> lim, <propfemale> su, and <propfirst> <propfirst>  laugh "
i need sugar  im not allowed to have sugar until im not sick anymore  this is so depressing 
"is it weird that i love watching infomericals? hahaha the completely practical and necessary and useful products they come up with, amazing and not what so ever, cheesy acting, awesome narration that doesnt at all exagerrate the ability of the product or great ease it will give us with just 5 easy payments of $19 95   and im not being sarcastic cuz im never sarcastic  ever   wink "
"the snow was amazing, the weather was perfectly cold, but my snowboarding wasn't too good haha  i wiped out 3 times, got stuck in a bunch of powder, and fell 2 times off a jump lol, but it was all fun and pretty exhausting  smile "
how do you draw from the perspective of an ant???
i should really get some rain boots  
"you jump to the right and you shake a hand\and you jump to the left and you shake that hand\you meet new friends, you tie some yarn\and thats how you do the scarn"
i love cheez-itz  laugh 
i love <propfemale> michaelson  love  i dont think ive listened to one song from her that i dont like  smile 
i cant wait for gladiator night  laugh d
gladiator night  laugh d go freshman!
"freshmen lost, not just lost, but got 4th place    well make our come back next year, watch out "
"oh my goodness gracious  driver's <propmale> is the most boring, hard-to-stay-focus<propmale> thing ever  why does learning how to drive have to be so blaahh"
my sheeshter is coming home in 24 hours  laugh d
"i grew!! i just saw my sister this morning and three months ago, i was shorter than her, but now she's shorter than me!!  laugh d haha yayy"
"my brother died    surprise  i knew he was a part of it, but i had no idea he actually died "
eww  i hate ants!! stupid scout ants are infesting my dresser and now i'm on an ant look out 
