6265acc38e428995771725dc299316b4
ahh!! im <propfemale> bored
goin to bed  smile  good night everyone
"can finally die my hair, and ima get it cut this weekend  smile )"
omg schools so freakin over whleming !! i cant take all this crap
best night ever man  i love you guys so much  smile 
things might get a lil better  if im lucky
man   my right hand always get cold when im on the computer lol
good morning facebook  smile  i hope everyone has a good monday
"hmm, alright then   "
actually got to watch cma's hahaha goodnight everyone  smile  weeks almost over
omg i hate being sick !!
wants to go somewhere  im <propfemale> boredman  and i really need to gt my mind off things
"super tired this week man, and freakin <propfirst> put me in a submission hold and hurt my arm  sad  anyways   goodnight"
goodnight everone  smile  i hope you all have a great thanks giving tomarrow
finished my homework yo  smile  for 2mrw anyway  
goodnight everyone  smile   i hope you all have a good monday
man   i wish i cud help :[ but i dont im very much help  goodnight everyone
i can transform ya  laugh  hahaha
plan a !!
"no school for me today  smile  thank god, im in the worst mood for school right now"
im soooo bored !!
did anyone have hotz on friday ??
i wanna go down cjristmas tree <propfirst>  sad 
gonna go check the mail  surprise  hahaha
its been like the best week ever because of you  smile 
"well, at least today ended fairly good  smile "
someone come shoot me lmao
goodmorning facebook  smile  im super bored lol
well my long weekend is over lmao back to school 2mrw  smile 
"ahh, i have a lot of homework lol"
"this week <propfemale> by so fast, im happy its the weekend"
i got my permit  laugh  hahaha
omg im so bored lol someone talk to me
made $20 babysitting today haha crazy  
follow me on twitter  smile  www twitter com samanthapunkin
happy birthday aunt <propfemale>  laugh 
"gosh school takes forever !! im so tired, and i still have drivers training from 4-6  annoyed "
"going to bed very soon, im exausted"
revoltution is when lizards turn into birds !! lmao  laugh 
"wants to do somethin today, but doesnt know wat  "
omg !! im so bored i hate this class  annoyed 
biggest blonde moment ive ever had lmao they ride bears in the rodeo ? wat ? hahaha
i wish i cud tell u how i really felt   but wats the point it probly doesnt matter  i just want it to be me and you  
ust got back from the clovis rodeo  smile  yeehaaa lol
"i guarantee  that we will have problems, i guarantee that at one point someone will want out  but wat i also guarantee is that if i don’t ask u to be mine   i will regret it for the rest of my life  smile "
happy cinco de mayo lol we shudnt have school on this day haha
omg !! i dont freakin know how to do this !
cant wait for school to be over  smile 
im becomming a pro at making friendship bracelets  laugh  haha
had to trim my hair again today  annoyed  and got it dyed
i cant believe im still sick !! ahhhh lol
well im getting a little better  sorry for getting anyone sick haha i didnt mean too
did i say i was getting better ? i take that back  sad  lol still sick  
you are the <propfemale>   and i am the one that is praying
dtired of people telling me wat i can and cant do !! u think ur perfect and that everything is easy ? well ur not and u have no idea  try putting urself i
dn my position
i cant believe todays already thursady haha had a good day  smile 
today was a good day  smile  wat in the world am i gona do over summer without you?  annoyed  lol
cant wait im <propfemale> excited  smile 
"omg schools over 2mrw  sad  im having mixed feelings about this   its not enough time, im gona miss everyone"
cant wait to get up at 4am 2mrw haha    not lol but its gona be amazin  smile 
"ahh, finally home  i get to sleep in my own bed again lmao"
wish i cud get out of the house right now   im tired of hearing them
"hmm, so lazy today lol i guess i have a right to be"
lolipop flavored chicken  laugh 
i hope i made the right choice  annoyed 
i'm all out of words cuz im sure it'll never last  love 
the phrenic nerve of my diaphram is irritated lol and its irritating me haha
zunes are freakin amazing lmao ima steal my dads  wink  haha
i guess im just gona fail my freakin drivers test cuz i never get to drive anywhere !!!!!!!!!!!
i like ur status ashlyee !! lmao
im <propfemale> happy to be home !!! haha
gona be 16 in two days  smile  haha i cant wait
just waiting for your call     love 
had the best dream ever from thinking of the perfect night   love 
tuck everlasting is the cutest but sadest movie ever  lol i love it  love 
just sprayed my self in the face with the sprayer on the sink lmao wtf ?
"man my phones freakin gay, i never get all my messages"
wellll   (1)chemistry keehnel (2)algebra2 guzman (3)spanish2 sanchez (4)us history <propmale> (5)english3 guzman (6)t a  kelejian (7)womens choir (east) ( smile pe samhammer
omg im <propfemale> bored idk wat to do
why doesnt anyone ever write me back  annoyed 
"going clothes shopping for back to school  love    excited about the shopping part, school not so much lol"
hasnt been in such a good mood lately  annoyed 
i really need to stop sleep texting   lol
"<propfemale>, im thinking about getting my hair in layers and dying the underneath like a dark red   wat do you think ?? might get it done 2mrw"
getting my hair done  smile  really nervous lol
"hate my hair, waist of 4 hours and a lot of money"
well first day was good i guess haha had a headache all day tho
is thinking about switching schools  annoyed 
"needs help with keehnels chemistry homework , anyone wanna help ?"
i wish u wud just open up and let me in    love 
dance dance like its the last last night of your life life life life life life  lmao
someone said hi to me today   and i had noo iea who they were lmao
idk wat to do now   
"hmm,  well today was really rough   but i think ill be okay"
i'm <propfemale> happy that i have the friends i have to get me thru the hardest times
ok fresno is oficially the worst place in california lol i thot i was gonna die today !!!
"mmmk, lets see if you can actually prove me wrong"
met <propfemale> many guys in the office today lmao them bad boys haha
"dont tell me you love me, bcuz you obviously dont know wat love is  "
hopes i did the right thing   i guess i'll find out
"here we go again, i kinda wanna be more than friends   love "
"so, today i found out that apparently   i talk slow ?"
"love is \evol\"""""
it takes 2 to make this work   and right now i feel alone
"hearts are not to be had as a gift, hearts are to be earned  love "
"hmmm, anyone wanna <propfemale> out 2mrw night?"
gonna celebrate the cool weather today lol
"it really bothers me when a guys tell u how he really really wants to see you, but wont come see you, and tells you to go see him  "
needs help on my math homework  sad 
http annoyed  formspring me samanthawhoo
had a really good day today  smile 
"spring morning rain heal the wounds in me, on me,  the battle is won im not coming home  a skylit drive  love "
"alarm goes off, i hit snooze   it goes off again, i turn that shit off lol"
well there goes my last fuckin charger   the xenon phones suck ass
man   idk who to ask to sadies  love 
playing my guitar makes me feel <propfemale> much better  love 
wasnt today a beautiful day ? lol
"maybe i know somewhere deep in my soul, that love never lasts  "
does anyone wanna do something this weekend ? or tonight ? im <propfemale> bored
just made a skype account cuz im bored lol
today was a good day  smile 
haha wow   thats the first time ive ever been called childish lol
its so exciting whe you have <propfemale> much in common with someone  smile 
whos going to the pool party for club 350 ?
you are   the only exception  love 
had a pretty good day today  smile 
im tired of making other people happy   i want to be happy
i dont feel like getting ready today lol but i wanna go get a monster   wat to do lol
got my guitar back  laugh  lol
i need my license already  annoyed 
i will love and have no fear  love 
i love eminem  love   laugh 
i hate getting migrains everyday
i think the name <propfemale> hoffman has a nice ring to it  wink  lol
wish me luck  laugh  hopefully i get my license lol
is now able to legally drive  laugh  lol
"the fall concert was amazing lastnight, everyone did great  smile "
whoever says i cant sing hasnt heard me  playful 
worst freakin day every  sad 
thank god its friday
me and my dads grocery list consists of chocolate icecream and milk  smile  lmao i love my dad
go giants !  smile 
just wants to be alone with you  love 
giant are freakin amazing  laugh 
had the best weekend ive had in a looong time  smile 
been thinking a lot  
so happy you came into my life  smile   9 25 10  love 
excited for thanksgiving and black friday  laugh 
"well, my car was totally frozen today   hopefully 2mrw is better and i can actually drive it"
i can't wait for this semester to end and have a three week vacation !!
im desperately trying to find a car that will do better on gas  annoyed 
so bored   eating sour skittles and drinking a monster lol
"busy week ahead, spanish project that i havent started, choir concert, plus watever homework i get  cant wasit till vaccation"
is it seriously foggy everywhere eles but here !?! i hate fresno 
the things i have to sit through 6th block   
this week needs to hurry up and be over before i lose wat sanity i have left lol
"tired of people using me for my car and e playful ecting me to waste gas just cuz they wanna go somewhere, no thank you or anything"
made it through the first semester with a's and b's  laugh  im proud of myself
listening to some good music with my dad  smile  thinking about the good 'ol days 
its crazy that you can love someone <propfemale> much  love 
wats someone to do something for me   just once
day 1 of vaccation : nothing to do
gets to see my love tomorrow  smile 
got my christmas shopping done today  smile 
its so hard haviong divorced parents when it comes to holidays   wat am i supposed to do hmm ?
haha the titanic makes me cry every time  smile 
"ugh, how dare you freakin even have the nerve to txt me"
customer service takes forever !! lol
well getting things set for formal  smile  now wat will <propmale> wear ? haha
i gotta dye my hair back to brown  annoyed  lol
i should write a book   lol
i wanna go on a date with my love  love  i need a job
i hate my hair   i feel so ugly with it like this
excited for formal  smile  i just hope everything works out
"everyone dies, but not everyone lives "
ive had a headache for two days straight man   not cool
i put tea in my cereal this morning  annoyed  lmao
"i love you more than any spoken, wirtten, or typed words can describe  love "
didnt get out of bed at all today   think tomorrows gonna be the same  annoyed  goodnight facebook
ugh   i havent been this helpess or miserable in a long time  annoyed 
"dad : <propfirst> !! quit being a loaner on facebook and come here \me : haha im not a loaner i have 320 friends !     jerk lol\dad : haha and you think i'm crazy  \me : hey ! you are crazy haha"
my head wont stop hurting !!!
someone shud buy me a starbucks gift card lol
well   this weekend was not my weekend at all  kinda disappointed
i know   that ieverything will work out for the better 
its gonna be a long day  but go greenbay !!! haha
go greenbay ! ! haha yes
learn from the past  live in the present  plan for the future 
some things you do around him to get his attention shows how much you care about our friendship  thats wat i think anyway 
ashlyees steer likes me  smile  but it got slobber all over me lol
had the best weekend ive had in a long time  smile 
i hate fake people  if you dont like me or if ur gonna dislike me for something that doesnt even invole you just tell me to begin with  dont pretend to accept me then freakin say im not worth shit 
i shudnt worry right ?    its nothing  
a hobo gave me a thumbs up cuz he like my car  smile  haha
choir concert tonight  smile  hope we do good haha
2mrw is gona freakin sucks   
watchin the daytona 500 with my dad lol
i freakin love my new phone  smile  its awesome
can people mind there own business  i'm not a fuckin cheater!
magnus  love  its you and me against the world 
just watched the black swan with my mom   awkward lmao
getting my hair cut today  smile 
you're the only thing that i've ever really wanted 
urban dictionary: <propfemale> refers to a walking goddess  magnus refers to greatness  smile 
weekends suck without you  annoyed 
nothing on tv !!!!
still trying to sell my car pirice down to $4200 now
doesn't feel good at all   might stay home 2mrw
is so done with some people 
"gonna be so busy haha   \thus weekend: b-day party, play, lunch with my mom \next week : choir concert and bake sale on thursday \week after  sad hior festival"
excited for tomorrow  smile  hope it goes great 
i think ur to good to be true  
watching dragonball z haha  smile 
i give up on freakin singing
concert tonight  smile  super excited nervous lol
i am not gonna be some project you have to work on  
long but exciting day  smile 
never thought my name wud start causing problems for me  
went to in n out today  smile  so romantic lol
has subs all day today  smile  nice
the crazy things we did together make me laugh   to bad they were with you 
duet with <propmale>  laugh  haha
hope that kid gets taken care of cuz he's pissing me off and u don't want me to handle it 
our school is so freakin retarded   they don't even know which <propfemale> j is which  
today was surprisingly a great day  but that just lowers my e playful ectations for 2mrw  
todays not so bad  smile  happy 2 months  love 
it's like a fireman's suit but tighter lmao
