c6d3fe1f91c84224c820e7e73d2e026f
muhahahahaha      *cough*
i feel     delicous     i love bananas     and basketballs
gooood morrrrning woooorld!!!!!!!!!
oh      i just found this is called a status 
im listening to the words of wisdom from my grandma!
ahhh!!!!! hahaha i got this awesome profile pick from sariah!!! hahahah thnx dollllllll!!!!!!!
wow <propfirst> is so stupid
hahha sariah!!! i owe you one for the pics you took of me and now<<<< i have a profile pic!!!! aha i was to lazy to do the up loading stuff from my camera and now wooo!!! you rock babe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hello, just sittin with my cousin"
hehehehehehehehehe      i gots the giggles!
why did my best friend have to move? im sad and cant stop thinking about her!
"ahhh! poor <propfirst> jakson! all the crap they did to him, and then finaly, he gets a heart attack!"
mmmmmm     spicey chiken sandwichc
are hickeys that bad?
whats with this nice contest?
<propfirst> jakson can dance baby!!!!!!
hey hey hey hey hey
this is my publisher! hahahaha
i love <propfirst> jakson!
i just cant stop lovein m j ! i listen and watch his videos 24 7!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahaha                   i love you guys
"good morning every one, im refreshed and ready to go!"
"mmmmmm, chocolate donuts          "
just thinken about my singing carreer!
gvyuk bio
mmmm       bbq
annoyed ygdf agbgdj
oh yesh! time to go to rosecrest!
"yes baybay, tomorow, it is time to show off the vocals, hahahaha"
hey everyone check me out on the bomb com
just came back from the dance recital!!! so fun!!
loves her ipod
wants to go to california for so many reasons
is coming to you live from her new lap top!!  smile 
i just love everyone right now!!!!!!!!!
we have gone to hack and sack
"his folk where always putting him down (down down down), they say he came from the wrongs side of town (he came from the wrong side of town), they told me he was bad (so bad), but i know that he was sad, they'll never forget him, the leader of the pack           crying "
"his folks where always putting him down (down down down), they say he came from the wrongs side of town (he came from the wrong side of town), they told me he was bad (so bad), but i know that he was sad, they'll never forget him, the leader of the pack           crying "
but i was just going to kashy station to pick up some power converters!!
i hate him i hate him i hate him i hate him!!! he can just go rott <propfemale> hole!! i have never smiled since and hes all happy go luck??? does he even know i still exist?? or maybe i was just lucky    
"k girls, apparently tomorow is skirt day so try to wear one            i guess the guys can to"
"i hate him i hate him!!! hes leaving me to rott!!! he thinks he can just run away from his troubles?? he didnt even tell me himself!! now i will never smile again, only cry, like right now      crying "
"omg omg omg!!! you guys!!! so we all know aruthur from school right?, well i met him this year, but i actually didnt! i have a photo of me and him when we were like five and its scaring me so bad!!!"
only one chick gets me           kenzi coker
"i'ave been really tryin baby, tryig hold back this feeling for <propfemale> long!!! hahah most well known love song (i think)"
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yes yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!!! wooooooooooohooooooooo!!!! im so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"aw no if i hear another person moaning about how their thigh's hurt from track, then im a rub their thigh until it gets better!!!"
i wana be a newzie!!! i mean look at my pics newzie hat!! im so ready!!
my locker is so messy you could find biggies killer in there!!!!!!!
is making kenzi a construction paper imitaion of cartman!!! hahaha
im the best dancer there is!!!!! nah i know you think im being cocky but is it really cocky when you know its true? just wait for the spring dance!!!!  playful 
dance company try outs ahhhhhhh!!!!
i have been practicing dance co ever sinse i got home!!!!! owwwww!!!!!
"good job dance co try out dancers, we're all making great progress!!!!  smile "
im tired of being called moris's little sister all the time!!!!!
"hey dance co sevie girls, are we on for after school? or should we just do it at the dance>>>>>?"
"you missed me at the dance right? cuz you know im the best, jk! but any way, sorry but i was practicing for the dance co with all the cute girls who werent there!  smile "
ugh!!!! that mean old lunch secretary wouldn't let us party in the dance room!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! > sad 
"im aching from these stupid try outs, btu i hope i make it < sad "
cant sleep
stupid technology!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"just made my life plan, after high school, im out of here and moving to cali    then, well see what happens after that       annoyed "
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh im gona shoot myself
dont want to be seen or heard this sping break   
hahahaha i did the fake poop trick to tigran hahahah!!! happy april fools!! theres more to come!!!!
love after it rains       
"ahhhh!!!!! that kid is a creep!!!! <propfemale>, <propfemale>, heeeelllppppp!!!!!!!"
love at first sight?     depends on who your looking at  wink 
wow clash of the titans is now my favorite movie!!!!!!! just amazing!!!!!!! to amazing for words!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this spring break just flew by!!!! uuuuuuugggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhh!!!!
aw man i am so ready for summer!!! i already know what im gona do on what day!!!! wooo!!!!
"always remember, ur unique, just like every body else      haha  smile "
ahhh getting braces in june!!!! scared and excited!!!
making my outfit for the sevie recycle fashion show  smile 
i love 80's disco music better then todays pointless songs   
"ok, if your my true friend then you know that i always play an evil prank on you! hahahaha i have done so many!  that just means i really love you  love "
ahhhh!!!!! i changed my song last <propfemale> and i need to remeber them!!!!  surprise 
"ya sure, i don't even care anymore         "
ahhhhhh i hate him!!!!! and the people around him arent helping        crying 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahha
missin the good old days     
"haha finally, the sevie boys are maturing yay  smile "
 crying  worst day of my life
if you call me <propfemale> i will back hand you  <propfemale> <propfemale> or ang please  smile 
mafias          love 
loves finding old friends on facebook
hahaha fun fun day lets hope it continues!!! love u guys!!!
got me some bangs     smile 
the song that kenzi cooker was singing today (i forgot the name) is exactly how i feel  what a beautiful song  smile 
<propfemale>'s song (or <propfemale>'s song) by <propfemale> <propfirst>  smile 
good-bye    
"ahhhh!!! i cant take it anymore!!!! i was running in circles at lunch!!! <propfirst> and delainee problem over here, kenzi problem over here, this new girl crap over there, then <propfemale> and keanna!!!! ahhhh!!!!!!"
"cuz im a gambling boogie man, although i dont play fair                   "
"ugh, i'm so stressed!!!!!! < sad  and > sad "
i love you guys  smile   love 
ugh           why am i such a jerk??????????
ahhhhh help me guys! im a broke girl and tomorow is mothersady!!! i already made her homemade soap but i need more ideas!! what should i make her?
i wanna live the <propmale> and exciting life already!!!!!!!!!!
"? push me and then just touch me, so i can get my, satisfaction!?\beni benassi"
goin to the mall with my girls  smile 
i dont belong     cant wait for cali
woooo!!!! good job you guys!!!! the dance concert was just amazing!!!  smile 
 smile 
ugh so stressed     why is school taking so long to be over?!?!?!
i am the happiest girl alive!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
regretting my trip more and more each day             
"well, last week of school you guys, lets make it last       "
award assembly is tomorow sevies       see ya then  smile 
hahahaha what a crazy @$$ day!!!!!!! packing for cali!!!
have a nice summer you guys! i'll miss you!  love 
hate forced blind dates      
my how i love cali and the people     classic  smile 
i love you guys all sooooooooooo much  kiss 
was at <propmale> capones home     <propmale>catraz
some friends they were   
 smile 
"f is for fire that burns down the whole town, u is for uranium    bombs, n is for no survivors down here in the deep blue sea!  smile "
miss a special someone in arizona     
rest in peace <propmale> of pop
partying with my crew  smile 
cant wait for <propfemale> to come  smile )))))
you  dont  know  how  sick  you  make  me      *puke*
had a blast on my roof  smile  happy fourth of july
your on my cool list     in permanent marker!
did anyone else notice that if you touch a word with your mouse it gives you 100 different ways to say that word in other languages????
i have five messages with the same sad subject: boys
 love  all nighters
"\dude he's so ugly\"" \""he's mental stupid\"" \""oh   \"""""
predators      nuff said (it was amazing!)
i couldnt care less    
let's go spain!!!!!
apparently spain cheated      but idk fo shizzle
i cant believe how much i love all my girls!! i love and miss all of you  love 
 love  <propmale> dicaprio  love 
going back to cali  love 
missing a lot of people       crying 
happy national dance day everyone!!! now start danceing!!! go!!
pink pocodot ribboons with <propfemale> wands and fluffy purple  unicorns and sparkley crowns and tea parties with sunshine and cinnamon lipgloss and laced pillows  love 
be friends with every one!!!!!
going to the ortho tomorow  uh oh
"ugh so i didnt get braces cuz i have to get a tooth pulled and wait six months before i go any further, then i have to get my mullers pulled out and then (feb) i can get em      yay"
can someone tell me what a tactical nook is?
 smile 
got another tooth pulled       ooooowwww
so do we go to school registration when ever we want or on the 16 like is says on one of the papers?
"i finally found my passion, making little desserts out of <propmale>!  laugh "
bleh
it's a crazy world we live in    
"went to a chinese restaurant and when i opened my fortune cookie, there was no fortune note      sad  bad luck? i ate it?"
i  love  youtube
???????????????
getting a haircut tomorow  smile 
"i may be cheesey but hey, every one loves cheese  love "
this year will be great  laugh  i have a class with all my besties
"so twinckle twinckle make it bright, you have one wish so make it right"
so far so good  smile 
i have the most amazing person on the left side of my locker  love   love   love 
"who else still cant walk, sit, or kneel cuz of dance class?      ouch"
even though they're a pain      we always love our friends  love 
whats the most freaquently asked question people ask you? and dont they just piss you off!!!!!!!!
i just love <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!  kiss 
"thanks moris, for ruining my chances of olympus   "
"if your gonna whisper in someone's ear, go do it somewhere else        "
"i keep remembering that guy from the video we watched at school, you know, the one who died his hair red for that kid?               wink "
unleash you inner karate kid  smile 
stress already     wow
organization is the key to success!  smile 
"ok, so tomorow is the actual day to wear crazy socks!!!!! you better wear em!!!! (and atleast wear shorts so we can see them)"
best trickster of all time       <propfemale> tutundjian xoxoxox
 annoyed \
i will always share my answers with kenzi coker  love 
i  love  the long distance fountain at blockbuster
missin sariah <propfemale> peckham             
"i don't want to look like you, because your too perfect     "
golf is too a sport!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"was at the beach with jaide, daisane, <propfemale>, lizzy, and <propmale>  smile "
"go away  i don't like you    you just suck, ya     "
"im very happy, you know, when everything is perfect? no worries or troubles  to bad it won't last but im still the happiest person right now"
pizza is my best friend  love 
invader zim!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"if you know me, you know i always text back            "
my fav quote: i hate people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ haylee eskelson
i think that drifting apart from your friends you have known for years is the hardest thing to do         sad 
i can't get over the fact of how hott all my friends are  love 
has been staying up till 2 surprise 0 am drawing her favorite cartoon characters lately
important questions involving the future     
miss my <propmale> so much keep having dreams bout him d;
not enough time to even breath
your <propmale> can never <propfemale> in a museum  love 
what are you being for halloween?
i like it in the closet and on my bed
i am going to be a mime for halloween  laugh 
miss all my ninth graders (who are tenth graders now)
nvm being <propfemale> for halloween  smile 
d: just found out i was asleep with two misquitos down my shirt; im covered in blotches of red because i had an alergic reaction      ouch
this four day weekend is going by way to fast d;
"even though it will still kill me if we do go apart, as long as you will be happy, leave me something to remeber you by, and me having the honor to have met someone like you, i will be alright    "
any recomendations for some scary movies???
<propfemale> garden with the family  love 
im a happy camper right now  laugh  everytang is just perfect! i love you
weird      don't know what to think or do anymore about everything
girl i will cut you!!!!!!!
fml
excited for friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
<propfemale> these aint angel wings!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
i am the one hiding under you stairs  fingers like snakes and spiders in my hair 
"so this moring wasn't the best: tried making soup, but ended up catching my oven mitts on fire and spilled some of the soup  later, ripped part of my halloween costume and then i locked my self out of the house and had to squeeze throught the <propfemale> opening of the door for my dog          annoyed "
best night ever
"this was the funniest, scariest, happiest night of my life  i love my fantastical girls  kiss  hahaha gggggguuuuuuurrrrllllll"
oh dear i am too blessed to have such amzingly wonderful friends and family  thanks you so much for all the birthday comments!  kiss   love   kiss   love 
"so today in school i started choking on a sucker cuz i never lick em, then the <propfemale> hits my gag reflex and i threw up in a trash can  and now i cant talk cuz the <propfemale> scratched my throat        dx"
you can never get too much sleep (-_-)
"me without you: is like a sneaker without laces, a geek with no braces, asentencewithnospaces"
ugh         i hate snow and rain
just took a shower while eating a strawberry toast
can this day get any worse?    
like this status and i'll tell you the #1 thing i love about you!
i love <propfemale>  love   love   love 
"yup, everything is in its place  smile "
jazz vs lackers      cant wait cuz this will be interesting
"like this status if you have seen <propmale> dinamite  (for a survey im doing, thank you)"
"great, cuz of some heavy snow, i have no <propfemale> bush, not tree, and a scratched up car     "
sniff this white rag and tell me if it smells like chloroform          
happy thanksgiving  laugh  i love you all !!
i lost my voice cuz   jazz beat lackers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! woooo!!!!
dance concert next weeeeek! pumped!!!!  laugh 
"\can't sleep but i keep dreaming\""  love """
where would we be without our friends???
dance recital was the best!!!! great job everyone  kiss 
"we can do this guys, one more week before the x-mas break!!!!!!!"
less than three
like this status and i'll try to describe you in one word!!!
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one, to get better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or is still fighting, or survived cancer, copy this to your status"
<propfemale> christmas !!!
"what do pink <propmale>, dr  dre, and beyonce have in common? absolutely nothing "
"making <propfirst>, cartman, <propmale>, and <propmale> from south park out of contrusction paper smile "
diamonds are a girl's best friend
miss super <propfirst> sunshine d;
excited for dance solos!!!!!
"true grit, i give you three thumbs up"
"so, if facebook closes down soon, we're all gonna migrate to myspace???"
i like the smell of puppies c:
jamba juice  smile 
"we all make mistakes and until you compare it with something good or bad, you can never really know if it is truely good or bad  so try to compare your screw ups with even worser things and say hey atleast its not as bad as blah blah blah  smile "
its disappointing how everyone was sad today  annoyed 
anything can happen at the most inappropriate moments     
i'ave had this ipod touch for years and i'm still finding out new things i never knew it could do     i wish there was an instruction <propmale> dx
<propfemale>     what's monday for spirit week???
how i love dance smile 
its not cool when you mistake your moisturizer for nourishing foot cream    -_-
"getting braces on monday, what color should i get?"
all men are created stupidly
"i can't believe i am about to say this     i feel so ashamed, especially after all the rude things i have said about him but, i can help the fact that              i got bieber fever"
some of my best friends are sharks
"it seems as though no one could sleep last night, am i right?"
your body represents a wild hyena
one of the greatest feelings in the world is knowing that your best friends will always have your back
it makes sense if you don't think about it
hanging out with <propfemale>  love   love   love 
it seems as though the only fun you'll ever get is when your on stage smile 
there's not enough time in a day to actually get all the things you planned for done       
the best play i have ever seen  the talent is just overflowing!  love 
lord of the rings 3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!
this place about to blow oh oh oh oh oh oooh
"\i just hate ignorant people\"" - <propfemale> <propmale>"""
"i typed in, on the google bar, how did nate dog die? it tried to correct me by saying did you mean: how did nate dog died? lol"
is paranoid of the grudge
my fashion guru's; <propfemale> and hay
um no       i'm sorry 30 day challenge  you are to difficult for me 
"this is important, like this status if you know who mr  t from the a team is  don't be shy, just like this if you do!!!!!"
this month is going to drive me insane!!!! oh my tryouts!!!!
today it snowed a lot  in april  fml
"scream 4       um, maybe for a good laugh smile "
