85969fdc42c3c854a2ee7584df1f6aa6
despite the roudy audi sittin for 2 weeks in the freezin cold it fired right up today and beasted through the snow it was parked in    damn i love that car
yay we didnt have to run to the range today    only to the y it still sucked tho
yay i learned a new dance today
scare crow scare crow whats that cha poppin
yess i got my usuear license or however you spell it lol
got a new phone 2day      helllll yeahhhhh
hellllll yeahahh     who has two thumbs and just got his pfc? this person
iwabo-tastes like <propfirst> bacon   awesomeness   lol best part 2:20-2 smile 5 the whole song rocks tho
i never knew 89*f was his hott    wtf germany?
finaly! back in germany   
holy titties im tired
why cant i sleep? i have pt in like almost 2 hours and i cant sleep i have a feeling today is gonna suck
fuck <propmale> cars they suck
the roudy audi is back in business   
where will the roudy audi take us next?
long day    nothin a few heinekens cant hadle tho
and thats why shes called the roudy audi
leavin for graf tomorow mornin     no fb for a while
yess i love you 4 day weekend
shit formation in 25 minutes dont have a hair cut and my debit card wont be here for another 3 weeks   
goin to the dfizzle with dizzle fa shizzle hahahaha
damn you dizzle you got me stuck on boredbutton com     and now i have a pet mustache i named him lary
who is quite thirsty and baught a new jeep? this person
haha best your mom joke of the month goes to <propmale> whittaker
yeah i think i might of gotten hacked so um    yeah if i say anything dumb just forget about it
"damn    pt test 2morow mornin dont wanna do it, atleast its just diagnostic tho"
hey did any bct battles get stationed at leanardwood?
im gonna be a guy sleeping on a plane for holloween!
flight leaves on sunday    stuck in a hotel    blah
<propfirst> proctor is a homo     hahahahahahaha
scramble whats up
finally back in germany    now i gotta wait for a bus to get back to schweinfurt
mckenziechode! ill see ya 2moro
swr 4 life mufucka
i need a new bike   i miss ridin ):
today was a pretty good day   even tho it was boring i didnt have to put up with any bs
"now is the time for me to rise to my feet, wipe your spit from my face wipe these tears from my eyes"
im good   is it bad that i miss salas? i never thaught i would miss the 831
fuckkkkkk this weather      pt is gonna suck for the next couple of months
wanna join in the campaign to stop violence against children? change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same until monday dec 6th  there should be no human faces on fb but an invasion of memories
now your a man    a man man man man!
wtf is all this gay number stuff?
"how come i leave home for about 18 months now and everything has gone too shit and most of my \friends\"" are douche fags now? fuck it thug life (swr 4 life) bkb"""
i need a new camera!!
gsp mufucka
<propfirst> guess what?
fuckin a im tired and bored but dont wanna sleep   wtf
if it looks like we were scared to death like a couple of kids just tryin to save eachother you shoulda seen it in color
"we're getting older\i've started to fear for my life\is this the way that it should be?\this whole thing's riding on me\it's been a long road so far\with nowhere to turn\there's no looking back from here\no more dwelling on my fears\-adtr"
real g's move in silence like lasagna
"yess i baught your clogate toothpaste, the one with tartar control    and it made me feel like a peice of shitt!!"
afficially 2011 mofos
finally got a bike    its about fuckin time haha
they say the best things in life are free    i guess thats why it costs so much to get married haha
wont be on for about a month    laters peeps lol
this week is definately goin good for me
back in schweinfurt hells yeah
is on cq
dude fuck youtube    wont let me sign in
goodbye everyone ill be back in a couple weeks
