bf35fe84141ef3bc91f4746864288d0a
"3 weeks till university time, it's almost time "
"finally back to riverside, time to start that essay that shoul've been done yesterday "
<propfemale> hacked my facebook! d:
today has been a shitty day 
just realized i have 6 classes on fridays 
currently at riverside  while coming here i almost crashed when i realized i forgot the turtles and then proceeded to get lost  failurez 
now to head to la! > > may baby jesus protect me 
5 hour energy drinks are fail at effectiveness    shouldn't i be all hyper right now? maybe if i drink 10 more   
i need epicness 
i wish i could hug a <propfemale>   sad  or a puppy  or a baby godzilla 
canada  all that needs to be said 
i'm lonely   
the leftover monster is taking over my fridge d:<
"yay! i'll be able to sleep for 3 hrs before i go to lab, then class, then library, then back to class, and then straight to la! oh yeah! got to look at the pos          sad  zzz"
looks like my trip in la is going to be shortened     bro has to do overtime so guess i'm going back to riverside      cry
"i am officially done with all classes for first session  now, just have an essay due tomorrow and a final due tomorrow as well   smile "
"going to la today, oh yeah  time to have some fun    after math discussion t t"
just saw the movie crash    just wonderful   
my mom licked my face    i miss riverside    
"uggghhh i'm in riverside and bored lol, waiting for everyone else to show up sucks   "
piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i need some epicness 
i'm in san <propfirst>!!!!!!!
my phone decided to delete all the pictures from my last 2 days   
its cold
its official   smile  bought my tickets for ny this spring break!
i can most def feel tghe heat  and i am liking it 
waiting to start the long flight to new york city   smile 
"new york is the place to be! i'm enjoying my time with will, even if he is a little crazy!"
will told me its going to be hot and jumid in new york  i am freezing my butt off!!!
peanut butter shake with a shack burger is the way to eat!
"will and i were all up in lady <propfemale>! went up to the crown, amazing sights "
i'm on a boat!
almost time to say goodbye new york 
goodbye new york 
hello california!
i look good in bowling shoes 
