f50f7f3a22f5483d774f1a96499977a0
"start bio 1 week from today, woot!"
had an awesome day at grandfather mountain
"bit 'o reading, steam room, sleep, hike 2morrow morning at riverbend  laugh "
woot! made an a on my term paper which means i made an a for the class!
each and every element that exists in this universe is manifested from a thought first  through the inner mind's eye of the unseen power in the sky; gave birth to mother earth and all it's worth to you and i   
slept like a freaking rock    ready to go swimming though
"couldn't sleep so i went ahead and ordered 2 of my books, got a pretty good deal on both  laugh "
did a 10 6 mile hike (approximately) today at grandfather mountain    'twas great 
guess i'll just play some fallout 3 'till i can go back to sleep lol
nothing like a 2hr french class to start the day  smile 
no one should die because they can't afford healthcare or go broke because they get sick  if you agree please post this as your status for the rest of the day 
"much better week than last week, aced a french test and quite possibly a chem test too"
"you can blame me, if you feel that you wanna  blame someone, and you know that you're gonna  blame me, if you feel that you gotta  blame someone, so go ahead and come on   "
"got that new jay-z album today, and it's great"
already off to a bad start    couldn't sleep worth a damn   
"only thing that's on my mind, is who's gonna run this town tonight   "
"\no one understands and appreciates the american dream of hard work leading to material rewards better than a non-american  \"" — <propfirst> bourdain (kitchen confidential: adventures in the culinary underbelly)"""
"lose one, let go to get one  left one, lose some to win some  (you lost one)  story of a champion, sorry i'm a champion  you lost one "
"i'm gon' do it all tomorrow  tomorrow that'll be the day  so if you need me tomorrow; you might find me while i'm going 'bout my way  but today, i'm just gonna take it easy  i ain't gon' do a thing at all  see, i'm just happy to be breathin'  while i'm lying next to my babydoll!"
i need to find someone to braid my hair but i don't even know where to begin to look     annoyed 
"gotta say, all in all, today was a pretty great day"
sooo i made a 96 on that chem test    hahaha woot!
"so we livin' life like a video  where the sun is always out and you never get old  and the champagne's always cold  and the music's always good  and the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood     cause there is no tomorrow, just some picture perfect day  to last a whole lifetime, and it never ends  'cause all we have to do is hit rewind  i'm forever young   "
"hey i'm on a mission  no matter what the conditions  forget the personal issues  when you been what i been through  hey if you believe it  then you can conceive it  the motivation for me, was them telling me what i could not be "
we give a damn about the drama that you do bring  i'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring 
may the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows 
"you have been weighed, and you have been measured  and you have been found wanting "
another successful lockdown at tripps    rofl
don't sweat the technique 
if you remove every living animal out of the sea; then wouldn't the world's ocean water level decrease? this means the planet wasn't 3-quarters water 
mmmm work in the morning   
lovin' netflix  laugh 
nothing like quantum theory problems to start out the week > >
have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
who are the top five rappers of all time?
"big homie  made the move  made, made the move  flew off the <propfemale>  still had no, no one "
"\i must create a system or be enslaved by another man's; i will not reason and compare: my business is to create \"" -<propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"you say you got a real solution  well, you know    we'd all love to see the plan  you ask me for a contribution  well, you know    we're all doing what we can  but if you want money for people with minds that hate  all i can tell you is brother you have to wait  don't you know it's gonna be, all right  all right, all right "
made me some omelettes mmmm
this morning's pancake e playful eriment = fail    lol hope my steaks turn out better
"made some kick ass steaks and homemade mashed potatoes for diner, it was amazing, if i do say so myself =p"
spring semester tuition is now paid    i am officially broke lol > >
thinking about trying out fedora 11 os   
"en el m<propfemale>do hay gente bruta y astuta  hay virgenes y prostitutas  ricos, pobres, clase media  cosas bonitas y <propfemale> par de tragedias  hay personas gordas, medianas y flacas    pero, no hay nadie como tu   "
"partitioning, installing drivers, installing updates, etc     oh the joys of reformatting computers  annoyed \"
"off to work for the night, time to lock it down"
"\there are a lot of us who are caught up in this hell we all live in  content with being blinded by rules and judgment  we live in a world where it's more okay to follow than to lead  in this world being a leader is trouble for the system we are all accustomed to  being a leader in this day and age is being a threat  not many people stood up against the system we all call life \"""""
"chemistry is done, just need to study for french now   "
"i'm on the pursuit of happiness, and i know    everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold    i'll be fine; once i get it    i'll be good   "
you know it's been a long day when you show up for work and you're not even scheduled to work    doh!  annoyed 
nothing like a chemistry exam to get your week started the right way > > lol
we are legion  we do not forgive  we do not forget  e playful ect us 
it's back!!!          
"man that chem exam was rough, i'm really hoping for that 80 to keep my a but at this point i'll settle for a passing grade > >"
making steaks tonight mmm   
officially done with finals for this semester!!! woot!
"well damn, i made a 76 on my chem final    4 points short of what i needed to keep my a     sad "
"who would have thought that something as simple as a hug could make a shitty night at work, oh so much better o o"
"happy holidays everyone, hope you all have a good one!"
"what a strange and awesome year it's been    lol and i know 2011 will be even stranger and awesome(r?)     anyways, happy new years everyone!"
had a pretty great time at the chemistry demonstration thing    i guess i should study some math now   
"anyone know how to lower the bitrate on an mp3 file so that when i save it i can get a file size of less than 300kb? (i'm trying to make a ringtone lol and i'm using a program called \audacity\"")"""
i can now make custom ringtones for my lg xenon! woot!
"dolla, dolla <propmale> ya'll"
"\the end is never the end  a new challenge awaits  a test no man could be prepared for  a new hell he must conquer and destroy  a new level of growth he must confront himself \"" - the man on the <propfemale>"""
"yup, didn't work    this is the one time i regret having an amd processor lol"
"made shrimp fried rice today, now gotta go do my taxes    lol"
"people have hope, because they cannot see death standing behind them "
"such awesome weather for once, it's a shame i have to work   "
i got a lot of loot and i ain't lookin' for a lady; and you can never play me i'm from uptown baby 
"down's syndrome is not an  illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to  make them better  what they need is the right to be accepted by society  the same as everyone else  ninety-three percent of my friends will not  copy this  will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as  your status and leave it, for at least an hour "
woot! woot! all caught up with my french homework now!
"the phantom, exterior like fish eggs the interior like suicide wrist red i can excercise you, this can be your phys  <propmale> cheat on your <propfemale>n <propfemale>, that's how you get ahizzead"
"\we're gonna be doin' one thing and one thing only    killin' nazis\"""""
"went and saw <propfemale> in wonderland today, it was pretty damn good "
"tried out the new ubuntu os today, i must say it's pretty impressive, but i still have trouble installing drivers for it on my laptop  annoyed "
oh the joys of botany   
how low can you go?!
"made a 106 on my botany test today, woot woot!"
today was a great day
"tell me what you know about dreams, dreams    tell me what you know about night terrors, nothin’    you don't really care about the trials of tomorrow, rather lay awake in a bed full of sorrow   "
trop  de choses à faire et trop peu de temps 
show 'em the monkey!
happy 420 to all those who celebrate out there!
good stuff    https annoyed  addons mozilla org en-us firefox addon 60333
finished all my botany worksheets    definitly worth staying at school until 8 pm    woot woot!
you know it was a busy day at work when you come home smelling like sweaty food lol i stank!
sooo    demonoid is down again    nooooo!
"\show me a man with a tattoo and i'll show you a man with an interesting  past \"" <propfirst> london - 1883"""
"in society, those who don't have many abilities tend to complain more "
yuss!! demonoid is up and running again  laugh 
alright finals week    let's get this over with    -_-
mmmm botany and chem lab finals   
so my phone pretty much crapped out on me today    now i have to wait on my replacement (which i had to buy) to get here    lol oh well
yes!!! made an a in chemestry this semester!!! i rocked that lab practical with a 91!!! eveything in the world is right once again    lol  laugh 
"tienes <propfemale>os ojos que me invitan a probarte, piel\ de duraznillo corazón de chocolate, <propfemale> de manzana que me invita al\ paraíso y <propfemale> par de melones por que dios así lo quiso!"
awww snap! made all a's and 1 b this semester    i did way better than i thought i would    haha
"just finished watching season 4 of <propmale>    that ending blew my mind, definitely a show worth checking out "
"mountains in the morning, fishing in the afternoon with good friends    today was a great day, doesn't get much better than that   "
"awesome, now my cell completely stopped working    and the new one i got today    didn't work to begin with > >"
locked it down 
anybody know a program that can turn the audio from a video and turn it into an mp3 file?
managed to pick up a shift for tomorrow night and possibly saturday night on saute    mmm money $_$
locked it down on dish tonight  it's all i do 
"finally got some <propfirst> sinatra on my zune, time to go lock it down at work "
i'm real close to having enough money for my next tattoo!
"8 days until the world cup starts, this is going to be a good one!"
"\active evil is better than passive good \"" - <propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"stupid iso files, never want to work properly for me  sad "
"well, didn't sleep worth a damn, and i have to work this afternoon, that should be fun lol"
"working 6 days this week, that new tattoo is definitely going to happen this summer if this keeps up  laugh "
just need to make it through one more night on dishes and then it's saute the rest of the week   
"world cup starts tomorrow!! south africa vs mexico, it shall be awesomeness!!!!"
"no matter how bad you think you have it, or how shitty your day was, the reality is that there's some poor bastard out there who has it worse than you  and the worse part is that some of those people probably work harder than you, complain less than you and are probably treated worse than you "
"finally got a day off tomorrow, going to try to finish reading shutter island"
"wow, south africa got killed   "
gooooooollll!!! take that frenchies!
gooooolll!
"that's right, we won!!! to all those people who said mexico would lose    in yo face!!!"
"1 shift down, 1 more to go for today   "
just need to make it through one more shift for the week and i finally get a day off plus i get my new tattoo done on monday
what a bulls**t call    what the hell was that ref thinking?!?!
"got some new ink done yesterday, it was totally worth the pain  laugh "
vamos mexico!!!
well awesome    my 360 officially crapped out on me    sure am glad i gave microsoft all that money so that it could crap out on me less than 2 yrs later -_-
watching <propfemale> beat greece today i can't help but think that they will destroy mexico when they play them    well at least we'll go down to a south american country lol
england got trashed! lol and robbed of a goal to top it all off   
"finally back from florida, good to be home"
hmmm should i take organic chemistry this fall    i would have to drop my c++ programming class but it's so tempting     annoyed 
awesome    my car's effed up again   
felicidades a la madre <propfemale>!!!! way to go españa!!!! world champions!!!!
nothing like a 12 hour shift to really make you appreciate your bed lol
anyone happen to be a member of a website called jpopsuki eu that can hook me up with an invitation code? i'll give you an invitation code to demonoid com =p
"\i be high when i'm shopping for e playful ensive clothes; i be high when i get what i couldn't before; but i be low when i gotta get ready for work; i be low cus after bills my pockets be hurt\"""""
"\have your cake and eat it    there's no other reason to have a cake\""  -derren brown"""
\the only appropriate attitude for man to have about the big questions is\,f50f7f3a22f5483d774f1a96499977a0,best pay-day ever!!
\how c++ is like teenage sex annoyed ,f50f7f3a22f5483d774f1a96499977a0,made a 96 on my first calc 1 quiz    yuss!
"\i'm leavin' (where you gonna go?) barcelona  anywhere it don't snow (sure)  feel the sun glow (ohh)  ladies lookin like the models from a video!\"""""
been up since 4 am    i'm sooo ready for this hike lol
"best hike, ever!!"
got some sweet new ink today!
awesome start to a new season of son's of anarchy!!
"1 shift down, 1 more to go"
"had pho for the first time today, it was pretty damn good lol"
"had sushi for the first time today, pretty great day"
we're gonna be doing one thing and one thing only    catching insects! lol
"had an great time in florida with some great people, but i must say, it's nice to be back home "
"watching \into the lost <propfemale> caves\"" while i work on my c++ midterm lol"""
"not gonna lie, that second part of my c++ midterm was kinda    fun    o o"
"had pho for lunch with my brother, good stuff"
mmmm milanesa de pollo
not going to lie    that 14hr shift was killer   
new kid cudi ya'll
"change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same  until monday (dec 6) there should be no human faces on facebook, but an invasion of memories  this is a campaign to stop violence against children "
semester is officially over for me! now to wait until monday to see how i did
"ordered my books this morning, and    i'm broke now  sad "
<propfemale> christmas and happy holidays to all!
what a great christmas it's been    great family and a great time
"asi es la <propfemale>     de caprichosa  a veces negra    a veces color <propfemale>  asi es la <propfemale>    jacarandosa  te quita, te pone, te sube, te baja y a veces te lo da  asi es la <propfemale>!"
what exactly is the file extension that a ps2 emulator reads?
foolish fool who never tires of his own foolish ways
"first day of classes tomorrow    western civ i and calc ii, how could it not be a good day?"
i want a solid-state drive sooo badly   
tonight was sooo chill    e playful o was so deep in the weeds i took my sweet time on all my orders and was still on time lol
i really hope we have classes tomorrow    i'm bored out of my mind  annoyed 
'cause when all's said and done     wu tang clan still ain't nothing to f*** with!
as of today    i am officially unemployed    and it feels great! lol
that calc ii quiz today made me its biatch   
time for 3 hrs of java programming    mmmm    
i    hate    sociology    
"anyone know when exactly you change the bounds on a definite integral? test is in 2 hrs, i need to know!!!"
pero que <propfemale> chinga me dieron hoy   
"the people i met and the places i've been, are all what make me the man i so proudly am  but i wanna know one thing    when did i become a ghost? i'm mostly confused about the world i live in, you think i'm lonely, well i probably am  one thing that still gets me    when did i become a ghost? yeah"
i feel 100x better    hope it stays this way
spilled failsauce all over my calc 2 test tonight     sad 
creo que estoy enamorado de la udlap  annoyed 
kanye west music + calc ii homework = genius
"there's an old saying: \what doesn't kill you    usually succeeds on the second attempt \"""""
enough java for today    moving on to calc ii    yay! > >   
