2833c0932a5a879b51d04843787b7d4d
someone call me  i seam to have lost my phone again  i can hear the ding from the txt messages     but i cant find it    
"iv'e had a good time here in corpus <propfemale> and portland, seeing old friends and hanging out  i am sad to be leaving tomorrow "
randomly ran around the college campus dressed as a pirate with my friends who dressed as scotsmen
dropkick murphys are playing in <propfirst> march 1st      laugh 
"all-con 2010 was a great start to spring break! saw old friends, made new ones  wink   had a blast! ill be posting the pictures in a few days!!!"
going out  to the mud trails for a bike ride with sparky and nate!!!
gearing up for the st  pattys day shindig 2010!!! txt me if your interested in attending!
just finished making over 120 jello shots!!!
after such a crazy week my day has been pretty boring  anyone want to go to a movie or something?
"one more hour, getting ready to go meet <propfirst> at buffalo wild wings for celebritory wings and beer!!!"
"five <propfirst> and cokes, two shots, and a long island ice tea  i had a great night! and made it home safe and sound  thanks for the great time <propfirst>, <propfemale>, ripp and <propfemale>  i love you guys!"
not ready for class tomorrow 
no school tomorrow    so that means going on out with friends tonight   i think ill take a nap while i can    yes    sleep sounds good 
i think i might have decided to transfer to unt  watch out <propfirst> 
would really appreciate it if someone would volenteer to come over and help me all nighter my english paper 
has a stomach virus and feels like shit
is feeling a little better today 
"drinking at grams with <propfirst>, sparky, and ripp"
lazy friday 
"i'm thinking, girls night and margaritas  i've got the blender and the tequilla  need ice and mix  laugh "
needs a vacation   anyone want to goto <propfirst> this weekend?
"currently, not happy with my english teacher  angry, very angry "
geek night! beer and torchwood with <propfemale> 
"i've just been informed that there are imaginary <propfirst>  as if i didn't have enough trouble with math to begin with, i am now utterly confused "
"why can't things be simple? i just want to goto <propfirst>, see my friends, and have a good time  the forces of the universe are against me today "
because i'm the kind of friend that rolls into town with a bottle of <propfirst> and a 30 pack  wink 
just got back to east texas  i had a great time hanging out in denton with peyton and scarborough was a blast  hope to go back sometime soon but for now its off to class i go!
"its a beautiful day to be outside playing frisbee golf, with rip and sparky "
doing math homework with <propfemale>
hangin out in the cafe  doing more math  waiting for 630 to goto my night class 
two more sections = 40 problems & one more quiz = 15 problems  almost done  i might get all this math homework finished efore 4am     wish me luck
"finished all my math homework and quizes, coming out with a 94 avg and its not even 3 smile 0am yet  woooot!!!! sleepy time, then math test in the morning "
"shindig tonight, my place  txt call let me know if your down to party "
mighty fine shindig 
studying for my biology test tomorrow with mat  going to be a late night 
being crafty and making jewelry!
"<propfemale>, the rock opera version, is playing saturday, may 15th at 8 in bergfeild park <propfirst>  free admission! my sisters school is putting it on and they do an amazing job  please come see it!"
"root beer floats and torchwood with <propfemale> tonight  swear we didn't spike them with wiskey, well much  laugh "
having a nerd-gasm  <propfirst> marsters in torchwood     sexy sexy sexy
"wants to take a road trip to see the dalai lama give a public talk at the univeristy of northern iowa  on the 16 or the 18 of may  its like a 16 hour drive and ill need company, who wants to go with me?"
been studying all weekend 
watching excel saga
playing frisbee golf!
sleep  sweet succulent wonderfully rejuvinating sleep   
just started watching the fouth season of dr  who with <propfemale> 
the chaos is abundant on my doorstep 
"sunday night before finals  all is quiet on the homefront  laptops are out, books are on the table  trying to cram our minds full of knowledge to weather the pending storm "
"finals study group @ my apartment  probibly going to be a late night, so if anyone else wants to show up let me know  i'm making brownies!!!"
"cant concentraite any longer  going to try to wake up early to study more before my bio finals tomorrow  keep your fingers crossed for me, this ones going to be a close call "
one more final  tomorrow  then im finished  thank gods  almost there 
"last exam is in the bag, now to wait for the results of the semester "
"gearing up for tonights shindig  i need a volenteer (tastetester)  to help make trashcan punch, any takers?"
woot! found my camera!
if your not at this party    you should be!
:: blank ::
road trip!
just crossed over into oklahoma!
just ran laps `round the welcome to missouri rest station  2hours till bed    hoo-rah!!
just splatered a lightning bug on the windshield   and its still glowing!!
we got our 3 am good samaratin <propfemale>  helped a mexican lady that hit a deer  we need to learn spanish 
just found a warehouse the size of walmart full of nothing but fireworks    *drool*
iowa is flat and stinky
"at a college bar in iowa, playing trivia "
the beer here in iowa is only 2 5%  wtf?!?!
feeling enlightened  definetly worth the drive 
hanging out with beckers and <propmale> in st  <propfirst>
"another late night on the road  someone plz call me  sparky and <propfemale> are asleep  i'm tired, bored, and have at least another two hours on the road tonight  is anyone out there still awake?"
i've driven over 1500 <propmale> in three days  i've been awake for nearly 24 hours  exhaustion doesn't even begin to e playful lain it 
hanging out in branson missouri 
"hanging out at a bar called the rowdy beaver, listining to some great live music!"
"home again home again  i've driven over 2000 <propmale> through 7 states, saw the dalai lama, <propmale> out with friends in missouri i've known awhile but never met, and got a new tattoo  overall i had an excellent adventure "
"its not so bad waking up this early  its nice outside too, oddly motivating  i find myself wanting to go out and so something productive this morning  this i feel would be a grand idea; however, due to my usual hours being mostly noctural, i have absolutly no clue what one would normally do at this hour "
"imagination is more important than knowledge, for knowledge is limited while imagination embraces the entire world  -<propfirst> einstein"
iron man 2 was badass 
taking my little sister camp shopping 
free corgi puppy in need of good home
"dear friends, my cellular device received an unfortunate dowsing this evening  since then it has slowly begun to cease function  i fear i shall be unreachable for a few days, until such a time as my blackberry is raised from its watery grave, or replaced  due to these circumstances, if those of you wishing to remain in contact with me would please me your phone <propfirst>, i would greatly appreciate it  thank you  ~rad~"
"hanging out with <propfemale> <propfemale> and <propmale>, gonna play munchkin and video games woot!"
mat brought me sushi and fried rice from kobee's yey!
"en route to san <propfirst>, damn all this road contruction!"
"just spend the last 2 hours driving through the most instense thunder storm i've seen in a long time  heavy rain, high winds, and hail  i'm glad to report that my sister and i made it to san <propfirst> safe and sound "
up late driving back from san <propfirst>  anyone still awake want to call and keep me company?
:: blank ::
blue oyster cult live @ alleyfest!
"it's a nice quiet sunday afternoon  might do a little cleaning, then sit down in a cozy chair with a glass of ice tea and a good book  last day of freedom, afterall, summer 1 term starts tomorrow "
there's nothing friends and a late night trip to ihop can't solve
on the verge of a mental breakdown 
"despite the earlier issues of the day it turned out to be a great night  <propfemale> drove up from corpus, then we went and saw a friends band play in <propfirst>, ihop and now beer and netflicks with friends "
"watching <propmale> potter and the chamber of secrets with <propfemale>, mat, and hat-guy "
resting up for the crazy week to come
helping a friend move  yey for hauling boxes and furniture!
"i need a favor and a truck, tonight if possible  will pay gas  can anyone help me out?"
drunken shinanagins  tonight  my house  call me 
at buffalo wild wings with friends!
how the hell do i keep finding myself moving boxes in the middle of the night?!
"never count your chickens before they hatch, lest the whole bunch turn rotten  <propfemale> is trulely a virture i need to work on  it's back to the drawing board with fesh ideas and a whole new perspective "
teaching <propfemale> to drive my car 
having a much needed geek night with <propfemale>  torchwood ftw~!
"yes; we are really having a n64 pokemon stadium tourniment, in my living room  wow "
overslept and missed class  i've got a paper due tomorrow  i guess i had better get started 
my paper is printing  time for some sleep then class in four hours  oh joy 
"my car won't start  fml  i've got cables, if there's anyone in kilgore who would be willing to come save me?"
i don't like monday  or perhaps monday doesn't like me 
studying for my world religion final tomorrow 
made an a on my final  hanging out with sparky and peyton for lunch 
"fixing moms hot tub  again  really people, if your going to buy e playful ensive toys and not take proper care of them  they will eventually cease to function  i can't always be around to fix everything! - -"
cant sleep  deer dance by system of a down is stuck in my head  i randomly find myself singing it as i walk around cleaning my apartment 
i love the smell of freshly mowed grass in the summer
just saw a black widow in my car     its still there somewhere  
bug bombed my car last night  hopefully it killed the black widow because i'm about to drive back to east texas  now i just have to worry about it being alive still somewhere and pissed off or the fumes getting to me on the way home  yey - -
ready  set  shindig!
its been a long crazy crazy weekend  i think ill <propfemale> out on my sofa and read a book today 
well i decided against dropping the math class  first day wasn't so bad either 
needs a graphing calculator  does anybody have one i can borrow for a month? please?  smile 
cruising creepy black top roads with mat
peyton and i would like to plan a camping trip  anyone interested?
"hello <propfirst>, i have arrived!"
went on the unt campus tour this morning  other than the sweltering heat i'd say it was informative and enjoyable 
"whiskey, you're the devil, you're leadin' me astray  over hills and mountains and to americaeyou're sweeter, stronger, decenter, you're spunkier than taeo whiskey, you're my darlin' drunk or sober"
home again home again
went to bed early but now i can't sleep  sad 
sleep  clean  study 
going to be another late night getting ready for a math test 
<propfirst> is painting my toenails!
i need a change of scenery  perhaps ill go study in the library today  anyone care to join me?
"reading beowulf was like drinking a pangalactic gargleblaster and being read vogon poetry  in fact seeing as we aren’t sure who originally wrote beowulf, perhaps it was the \vogons "
"time for a little hard earned rest and relaxation    for a few hours at least, then the weekend mode goes to essays, math homework and starting my research paper - -"
the quietest friday night i've had in a long time
more math homework
looks like the crazy people across the street might have burnt their house down  cross your fingers this might get rid of them!
english test in 2 hours       fml
so i was just offered a job at the bookstore     i'm seriously considering the offer 
research paper is coming along slowly but surely  maybe if i can finish the rough draft tonight i can go to <propfirst> tomorrow night 
playing dungeons and dragons in denton with peyton and his friends 
just bought a <propfemale> rpg book    my nerd is showing     laugh 
enjoying hanging out on the sofa with my dear <propfemale> ninja and good friend mat watching greek  just what i needed 
apparently the school library has been closed due to air conditioner failure  fml i need 4 more sources  so i'm currently hiding in the booksamillion working on my research paper and math 
there are llamas dancing in my kitchen   
94 on my british lit unit test!
research paper complete and submitted  on time  smile 
mmmm sushi
four more days   almost done with summer ii classes!
finals tomorrow    
84 on my british lit final!
chilling with my homies from mineola
<propfirst> hood men in tights  awesome movie
currently wondering who left the box of pancakes in the back of my car?
"had a great weekend  toga party was a blast, i'm actually excited about school starting tomorrow  last semester at kilgore  smile "
facebook is finally working on my cell phone again!!!!
it is such a nice day! will anyone come share a game of frisbee golf with me?
cold coors light  its a beautiful damn thing 
hanging out with <propfemale> in the library
doing laundry at moms house
up all night playing halo 3 with sparky <propfirst> hat guy hippie and gunman  few hours of sleep then to <propfirst>!!
omg! its a llama!!!!
"just got home from anime fest  i had a great time, and made some cool new friends  wish we could have stayed longer; however i'm glad to be home and not having to share a room with five other people "
today was a most grand day for a game of frisbee golf
"it's not the destination, but how you get there that really matters"
flip flops finally gave out  i have to walk back to my car barefoot - -
stuck in line at the dmv
what's on your mind?
drinking 151 to boondock saints  fuck!!! lol bring it on!!
frisbee golf!!!
anybody interested in going to fencon with me this weekend?
bored  sad 
"well things were looking good for fencon  had a room, had people to go with  i was excited! they both bailed at the last minuet and i'm back to square one  again    seriously? people need to make up their god damned minds about shit and stick to it "
icing on the cake: my air conditioning just busted 
despite the universe's effort to thwart me; i have made it to fencon!
its been a good freaking weekend  i love fencon 
a c broke down again while i was gone  thermostat says its 100+ degrees in my apartment  killed half my fish tank  sad 
hanging out with hat guy and <propmale> watching netflix
the a c in my apartment is working again!!! yey!
hanging out in the cafe at the college with my eclectic collection of crazy friends 
halo reach = epic awesomeness
going to the movies to see easy a with my little sister!
anyone up for a game of frisbee golf today?
watching a friends band play @ fast <propmale>'s
wants to make pancakes
just finished submitting transfer applications to unt and <propfirst> college 
its a beautiful day to be outside  anybody want to go on a bike ride or head to the park for some frisbee golf?
well didn't get to play frisbee golf today but a bunch of my buddies came over and we had a halo reach <propfemale> party ftw~!
"hello four o'clock in the morning, can i have my sleep back now please?"
hello weekend  it's great to see you again  smile 
shindig!!!!
its really starting to get cold outside early in the mornings   
good morning <propfemale> shine the earth says hello
"playing monopoly with <propmale>, sparky and hat-guy "
stupid people never cease to amaze me 
mischief managed
carving pumpkins with <propmale>
it has been awhile since i was up all night reading a good book  smile 
finally! on i-20 headed to <propfirst>!
"yo, ho, haul together, hoist the colors high  heave ho, thieves and beggars, never shall we die!"
beer and monopoly  its starting to become a frequent thing around here 
sooo tired    ugh 
feeling     disconnected   
"i want to know, have you ever seen the rain  ?"
ihop  smile 
"one day, i will learn my lesson on procrastination "
someone come to moms house and get in the hot-tub with me?
spent time out at moms house today 
woke up with an une playful lanable headache  ugh 
playing pool up @ corner pocket with <propmale> and <propfirst>  join us if you can!
"i'm just learning how to smile, that's not easy to do   "
high-school concession stand chillie dogs    oh joy 
happy halloween
destroying the status quo because the satus is totally not quo 
frozen m&m's are amazing 
got my unt acceptance letter today  still waiting to hear back from <propfirst> college  however as of today it is official i will be residing somewhere north of <propfirst> next semester 
woke up to the fire alarm when <propfemale> managed to set my kitchen on fire    but she made me breakfast so its all good 
thank gods my weekend is here
wants a hot cup of tea and a good book
playing pool and having a beer with <propmale> and mat 
finals are less than a month away   
watching season 4 of doctor who with <propfemale>!
hat-guy just showed up at my apartment with ninja kittys clone 
@ <propfemale>'s acu theater audition!
possibly excited
sweet zombie jesus its cold outside!
study session @ ihop! bring your books and join us in the take over!
"cheers, to good friends!"
my sister and i were successful in our thanksgiving cooking endeavor  hope everyone's had a good time with their families! happy thanksgiving!
bowling!
so    i'm totally in oklahoma right now
studying!
dinner and studying @ ihop  join us if you can!
one more day to go and the semester is over      i'm a little sad and relieved at the same time
last final   
ode to whiskey
watching the lunar eclipse with my little sister
me: hat-guy why are you on the floor?
me: hat-guy why are you on the floor?   will: because i couldn't decide what couch to sleep on 
<propfemale> christmas everyone! blessed be!
i've been accepted to <propfirst> college!!!
i need to borrow someone with a truck pretty please   
moving is such a pain 
first day in the new apartment and its snowing!!
what's on your mind?
goodbye east texas!
missing all my friends who had the habit of randomly dropping by in the middle of the night  the back porch just isn't the same without ya'll 
just got a haircut    
hates mornings
first day of classes at <propfirst> college
so apparently classes are cancelled today  first week of school and i've hardly been there lol
driving through a snowstorm
having a beer and watching the game  go green!
its a nice bright sun shiny day! maybe ill actually be able to attend class this week!
"ninja-kitty, whom was in the care of my brother and sister-in-law, was hit by a car today "
today would be a great day for frisbee golf    now if i can just find someone in <propmale> to play with me  
i'm pretty sure i blew another speaker in my car this morning  nissan versa stock systems just weren't designed to handle system of down
my laptop just crashed taking my psych paper with it  sad 
technology and i are disagreeing this week  i shall offer a bottle of whiskey to whomever among the tech gods of my fb friends wishes to come help me combat my computer networking issues   laugh 
just finished ordering my new laptop from alienware  laugh 
"think i'm ready for a new tattoo, anyone up for a road trip? i know an excellent artist in branson, missouri"
time for the research methods midterm  annoyed 
mat and tini came to <propmale> to see me for spring break!!!! yey!!!
st  <propfemale>'s day shindig @ my apartment tonight!!! come if you can!
i  love  all-con!!!
"goodbye spring break, i miss you already"
"dear east texas, i will be in henderson this weekend for my birthday"
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!!
starcraft ii is pretty awesome
