b3bc40a1594c17b545fa7a7767075bdb
"okay at first i thought oh face book is just laggin a bit, but now it's really starting to piss me off  go suck a <propmale> face book! stupid technology go crash or something "
trying not to be so anti social  trying to make new friends  hopeing people stop listeing to rumors  this year wont be easy at all   smile  but ima be okay  im a soldier anyways 
im sitting back waiting for the daylight smile  and i have the highest hopes that i get to see him thisweekend smile 
ya birthday tomarrow  yupp  intense  ya  to much shit on my mind 
fuck your mythology smile <
its funny how day by day nothing changes but when you look back everything is diffrent 
"i was hopeing that night in june things would never change, but its too late to tell you how i feel and its to late to apologize and its to late to tell you i still love you   "
<propmale> gump never been so sweet of a movie to watch but tonight im really feelin a good ole sit down n tv  do me some good ever once and a while 
sorry for all the sioux valley people    i wont be comming home to visit im reaaly sorry yall ):
"i'll move to <propfirst>, shoot some heroin, and fuck with the stars "
is leaving for taylorville illinois now smile  i will see you guys verry soon! excited
mayday parade smile 
can see <propfirst> for two weeks ):
thats kind of sad you guys way to make someone feel confident 
im so happy with him smile  its ridic 
hmmmm  fooooooooooodddddddddd  hmmmmmm  sleeeppppppppp 
hmmm  want to know what really sounds good right about now  fist pumpin music and nachos  smile 
i was to leggit to leggit to quit! travis smile 
people are strange when your a stranger faces look ugly when your alone  the doors 
people need <propfemale> chill   smile  and be happy  go use a blow basket 
i got money to blow 
rip koda  hopefuly tomorrow will work out 
this is so      grrrrrrr 
"i went to the book store earlier to buy a 'where's <propmale>' book  when i got there, i couldn't find the book anywhere  well played <propmale>, well played smile "
happy holidays smile 
is making bills origami
im walkin on sunshine oh oh smile 
why does there have to be statuses i mean it seems so bland without one but also its a bitch to have one because i never know what to write and even if i write something its of no importance at all     wow what the world is comming too  i wonder how tweeters do it 
dont let anything or anyone deprive you from happiness 
i need a car  i need to go shopping  but in order to do these things i need a better job  hmmm i dislike not havning money to blow 
i take a breath  i exhale think about life then i see that all will be fine  i just take a deep  breath and leave it all behind
oh reading kristins comments allways make me smile  im sorry girl i cant spell verry well 
whats your best memory with me?
i miss home  taylorville illinois 
"if i leave here tomorrow would you still remember me? for i must be traveling on, now 'cause there's too many places\i've got to see smile "
taking on the intrest of tarot cards   smile 
wrap yourself around me cuz i aint the way you found me smile 
"and when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me, \shine until tomorrow, let it be smile "
its the way my heart beats   ever so softly smile 
just blew out my speakers  does anyone have a set of computer speakers they dont use? greatly appreciate it
i'm just a teenage dirtbag baby 
excuse me while i kiss the sky &hearts;
so valentines day is commin up  annoyed  so is prom double  annoyed  and why do we have valentines day off when we didnt have <propfirst> <propmale> <propmale> day off? wtf
earotto jumbooo faceboookkkkkk! on the phone with <propfirst> and austin smile  i love my jumbo niggs in tville &hearts; rummm &hearts; what a suyccses
yeah i broke that seal bitch but i got it fixed see i dont get mad i stay glad like a muh fukn zip lock bag smile 
"you hold on to love that’s gone \run a mile to see him smile \but you don’t know he’s door to door playin' you for the fool"
<propfemale> and sprite 
"you’re the reason i’m trav’lin’ on\don’t think twice, it’s all right ? bobdylan"
i miss you 
"last night was great, havent seen nate in over half a year so it was great chillen with him  i laughed really hard "
but as long as i love you i'm not free  how long must i suffer such abuse? won't you let me see you smile before i cut ya loose smile  <propmale> <propmale>
last night was pretty alright
hard to e playful lain-the strokes &hearts; think i may be going into dells on wed    hmm well i hope soo smile  hit me up 
"??, philosophe ???, ?? ??? ??? ?? ??? ? ????, ??? ??? ???? ?? (??? ?? ??? ? ?? ?? ? ??? ?? ? ?????? ? ????;\&hearts;"
"i must admit i don't believe in it, but i see how you get sucked in &hearts; thekooks"
 smile 
we all float on alright  &hearts;
