75109e15e3ba9e45bf7aadb35cf51759
i am chillin' and reading <propmale> potter
i am having fun and enjoing life 
i am conflicted between two guy friends 
aren't guys supposed 2 like u 4 who u r and not what they want u to become
going mud bogging with some friends (so much fun)
"working with my market steer, dog, and cats"
going mud bogging with friends
having fun playing basketball and volleyball with friends
working with animals and riding my 4 wheeler
ridding my 4 wheeler in the rain so much fun
building fence and ridding my 4 wheeler
studding for three tests tomorrow (not fun)
loving spring break
"working on the farm, helping with the cattle"
going to a farm visit for stockmen's practice
working on the farm
eating at my aunts house for my grandparents anniversary
getting ready to go back to school for 1 day and then on friday the stockmen's contest
ready for stockmen's awesome gonna have so much fun
having fun playing with my pigs
ready for the top 10 awards reception on thursday
saturday recess
working on homework
going to bed
getting ready for bed (goodnight)
dances aren't fun if u don't have a date
how do u know if a guy likes u?
i got a new portable dvd player and gave my old one to my sister
i have to wear a dress tomorrow night to the elks banquet and i haven't been in a dress in oh about 5 years it is going to be unbearable wish me luck
the elks banquet went great and i got a medal for <propmale> teenger of the year
tgif = thank goodness it's friday
school tomorrow
got out of school early because of the rain and the water rising
went to freshmen orientation
its friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
felt like a monday today
tomorrow is friday!! yes!!!
friday with rain not very fun and don't forget the lightning and thunder
i don't like westtest week
only one more day of west test but everyone said they fell asleep it's a wonder i haven't yet
monday felt so long but tomorrow i have shortened classes can't wait
what is a summer vacation because all i have r camps and work
waiting for the pool guy to come and fill my pool
"my pool got filled and <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and i swam in it after our family reunion"
the swimming pool is so great
i got my hair color changed and now i am a blonde
i have to work at the race track from 3 smile 0p m  till 1 surprise 0a m  it's gonna be a long day
the pool was amazing today
me and _________ make a good couple  who do u think?
whats ur favorite song? let me know 
who is ready for the fair?
who knows me best? full name  age  birthday  eye color     favorite color  bestfriend  nickname  copy this to your status & see who really knows you 
is everybody glad the fair is over?
12 days till school starts for freshman and 13 days for everyone else yea lol don't want to go back just yet
is everybody ready for school to start?
"in farmville, i need help building my horse stable and the nursery barn please!!!!"
guess i am going 2 homecoming alone
in morgantown for the ffa contest and meeting a lot of new people
"worlds and beyond i must say are where my dreams lie they go far beyond the visible sky and deep beneath the sea floor even through the darkest hour i say, i see my future so bright like the undeniable shine of the sun so loud it echoes those of my dreams then i know i will get there now or later for the promise of the future is so near that i can almost feel it with the touch of my hand"
canaan valley was cold and so much fun and <propfemale> is now the pizza woman(if anyone wants to know details post back)
i am loving thanksgiving break   :yahoo:
"dance as though no one is watching,\love as though you have never been hurt,\sing as though no one can hear you,\live as though heaven is on earth "
school is back in session for a while and then christmas break
tomorrow is friday!!!!!!!!!!  :yahoo:
i wonder how much snow we are going to get?
i am so bored 
school is tomorrow
it's snowing!!!!!
just got back from my ffa wlc trip to cedar lakes and it was a blast and i had so much fun and i met a lot of new friends
school tomorrow
ffa week
<propfemale> and i just got two twin calves  they are so cute 
school is tomorrow
got done trimming hams for tonight can wait to do it all again tomorrow after school
just got in from stockman's practice and feeding my calf zues
trim hams tomorrow after school
i dislike spanish!!!!!!
ham and bacon sale tomorrow
school tomorrow
tomorrow is friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tgif
school is tomorrow and so is stockman's practice
stockman's contest tomorrow!!!! i am so excited to go!!!     smile 
