0f0b03e7d700f550da217da0a3763500
has to remember that <propfemale> is a virtue and that murder is punishable by 25 years to life
"s in deep thought   the wrapper on the toilet paper roll read \100% recycled\""  really stop and think about that """
"is happy with life    excited about my new cousin, <propfemale> (she's a doll!)     and is almost ready to go snuggle with my hubby   "
weekends go way too fast     
is tired of cleanin the house and rarely seein my husband on the weekends  sad 
is contemplating the meaning of self worth   
just got done with my brother <propmale>'s wedding    feels kinda weird to be in white hall    for a place that never changes it seems very unfamiliar   headin back to the <propfirst> in the mornin   
2 more days     and back to white hall wednesday night     long car trips suck with kiddies     blah--- but i'd be a nice break
in white hall     getting ready to head out to jacksonville to go to the yearly talkington family reunion
is contemplating the meaning of life    and marshmallows     
the first jockstrap was used in hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974  it took 100 years for men to realize that the brain is also important 
is very determined to finally find a word that rhymes with orange 
"why is the w called a double u, when it is really a double v?"
is wondering if there is life on mars do they have earth bars      ?
"is now named <propfemale> pineapple <propfemale> giraffe hipoponomirrium, the third  but you may call me ma-am!"
thinks recipe books are just porn for dieters
"have you ever wondered if the five dollar bills in your wallet purse were ever in a stripper's butt crack?   if not, i bet you're wondering now    have a nice day  smile "
<propfemale> and <propfirst>
is wondering  who discovered how to get milk from a cow? and i wonder what they thought they were doing before they found out there was milk?
okay  so umm   i planted a 50 dollar <propmale> in my backyard a month ago and my money tree still has not grown! i'm starting to get suspicious its not gonna work 
everywhere and messy!
"i would stand back if i were you    i mean it should be all right    but you never know quite, do you?"
"could be a pirate, but being a ninja is so much more fun"
is trying to sniff coke    but the ice cubes keep getting stuck in her nose
just found out how many licks it takes to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop  i'll never tell   
wonders   just what exactly is the white crayon for??
don't read this  i said don't  why aren't you stopping? ok read on if your stupid  still reading? thought so    always knew you weren't right in the head 
"all the mommies out there, join the fun and repost this! what was your children's weight at birth? ashten <propfirst> was 7 lbs 10 oz, winter <propfemale> was 7 lbs 4 oz, and briar <propfirst> was 8 lbs 10 oz   "
"movie theaters say \silence is golden\""  since that doesn't work they should add to it \"" and duct tape is silver\""  smile """
"psst  you, no not you, you over there  yeah you  do you like tacos?"
would like to remind you there's no crying in baseball
"is dazed, bewildered, trapped in a world with no time, where color collides with sound, and shadows e playful lode"
is trying to behave    it's not working out too well     > smile 
"dare accepted! i will be completely honest for 24 hours you can ask me any question(only to my inbox)  any question no matter how crazy, sinister, or weird it is  i will answer no matter what  you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get "
it turns out i'm not a jedi after all    
has been consumed by her fear that someone will use her status messages to create a psychological profile on her
"refuses to talk to naked clowns, they're just not funny"
i jumped on a baseball bat in your bathroom because i'm a ninja!!!
"is wondering if she should put \ for crack \"" in the memo section on all of her checks """
"wonders if teflon is non-stick, how do they get it to stick to the pan?"
"wants all her friends to <propfemale> on this story on her wall    \once upon a time there lived a   \"" (use your imagination)   """
<- - is not quiet  she's plotting     
"wonders, \if the eyes are the window to the soul then why does it hurt so bad when i spray them with windex?\"""""
is busy       opening the back of my t v to let all the little people out!
doesn't get drunk    she gets chemically inconvenienced  playful     and i may or may not be feeling the effects of such chemicals from the night prior   
will not touch you for a quarter!
i am not sarcastic   i'm verbally ironic
describe me using only one word   go!!
my alphabets cereal gave me a special message!!! now can anyone tell me what 'jkol mghf ndau oertd' means?
is determined to slam a revolving door today    i will make it happen!!
is so tired   what a busy night jumping from building to building fighting crime   
"it's 4 surprise 3, and i can't sleep without you next to me-- i toss and turn like the sea  if i drown tonight--bring me back to life  breathe your breath in me  the the only thing i still believe in is you    if you only knew   "
how come when you buy evaporated milk its full?
"ask me a random question, i am bored   "
knows where <propfirst> san <propmale> is   
"famous last words of a redneck,\hold my beer and watch this shit!\"""""
"my greatest blessings calls me momma   and in turn i call them-- bubba, sissy, and monkey butt     smile "
i learned how to spell b-a-n-a-n-a-s with the help from <propfemale> <propfemale>
wonders if chinese people get english sayings tattooed on their bodies?
if you put a cow upside down and make it laugh    will milk come out of its nose?
"fought as your capo, took your survey, sent you a round, tended your garden, poked you, hugged you, and sent you 10 useless gifts  it's hard being a fb friend "
my fine is $730 10
is fairly certain the teletubbies are a side effect of lsd   
went to the store only to find out they do not accept good looks and charm as currency   damn
happy birthday <propfirst>!!!!
if we are made of 70% water then doesn't that make us cannibals if we drink water?
is going to place organic stickers from the apples & put them on the oreo packages in the grocery store to make them healthier    you're welcome!
is trying to use the rest of the day for good and not evil   
"she calls me from the cold    just when i was low, feeling short of stable    all that she intends, and all she keeps inside, isn't on the label    she says she's ashamed, can she take me for a while    can i be a friend? we'll forget the past  maybe i'm not able    and i break at the bend   "
"you have 10 fish, 5 drown, 3 come back to life  how many fish do you have? stop counting you retard  fish can't drown "
"is thinking it's difficult to be a goddess when your worshippers don't have anywhere to congregate, i need a <propfemale> built immediately "
do you think that every time someone has acupuncture there's a voodoo doll out there having a really bad day?
passing on info for all my paranoid friends : it is as bad as you think and they are out to get you
if you are reading this   i have had temporary control over your mind 
"i would show you sign language, but i've only mastered that one finger "
is preparing to conquer the world with her army of ninja monkeys 
"the name of the condition for having a fear of long words is \hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia\""? yeah   chalk one up for captain irony """
was abandoned   
is on strike
refuses to update her status  hear that? refuses!
"i'm so sick of speaking words that no one understands,i can hear you in a whisper,but you can't even hear me screaming   "
"to celebrate <propfirst>'s day, change your profile pic to you and your spouse significant other and make sure to tell how long you've been together!! copy and paste this to your profile     me & tony--3 years; married 4 months   "
the difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits
(o) (o) you were just flashed  so where are my beads
"has been known to cause dizziness, confusion, heart palpitations, temporary insanity, mood swings, depression, and the giggles  use with caution   love   love "
"why do people say \heads up\"" when you should duck?"""
i'm taller than a fifth grader! (well     most of them anyway   )
i need 2 more to complete my chicken coop     and facebook is acting all weird   sorry if you see the help post mutiple times!
if you're so sure paper beats rock    hold this piece of paper in front of your face while i throw my rock at it    surprise )
"wonders if it is weird to have contacts programmed in my phone as \do not answer\""   """
"why yes, i do spontaneously break out into ninja moves!"
"no, i did not win the lottery  yes,i have always been this good looking   surprise )"
"'s singing fat guy in little coat, fat guy in little coat"
"'s fed up of running round in circles, so has decided to run around in squares instead only thing is the corners are a bit sharp"
"has been known to cause dizziness, confusion, heart palpitations, temporary insanity, mood swings, depression, and the giggles  use with caution "
it's harder than it seems to hide behind this smile than you will ever know 
is standing on the fine line between giving up and seeing how much more she can take
"fact is      someone is always going to be there to hurt you, it's just a matter of who's worth hurting for     "
is not smiling   i am scheming   surprise )
today is the day that one of the greatest persons on earth was born    let's all take a minute and pause and thank god that i was born  surprise )  love  love  love 
thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes!!! now im off to vegas for the weekend!!! woo-hoo!!!
i can't believe i got this sorority life brownie points helper for free   check it out http annoyed  bit ly adlrpr
"get your 1,000 brownie points help too from here    http annoyed  bit ly cjk32j no need to thank smile "
"i got 1,000 brownie points help over here     http annoyed  bit ly adlrpr"
"i got 1,000 brownie points help over here     http annoyed  bit ly adlrpr"
"1,000 brownie points help here  laugh     http annoyed  bit ly adpi08"
"get your 1,000 brownie points help too from here    http annoyed  bit ly cjk32j no need to thank smile "
"i got 1,000 brownie points help over here     http annoyed  bit ly adlrpr"
"is convinced that there is a voodoo doll of me somewhere out there, 'cause is not humanly possible to have a migraine for this long & thats this painful!"
"ok so this (the following) is what is causing my headaches per the neurologist i seen last week    so yay me, spinal tap (<---hurts really bad!!!), mri, and mra this coming week     sad "
"ok, spinal tap done     very very very sore and uncomfortable     mri & mra coming up soon      (yay! no pain involved!!!) thanks mom & aunt <propfemale> for coming and sitting with me today!  love  you guys!!!"
"'s daily prayer: dear god, so far today i am doing quite well, i have not sinned at all  now, i am about to get out of bed   so i will need your help      a lot "
"<propfirst> & <propfirst> are on the radio today! 1pm 590 am kfns, promoting their business on a home improvement show!"
~if you cannot accept me at my worst  you do not deserve me at my best~ -<propfemale> <propmale>
"the people in my neighborhood used to call me \the truth\""    why? cause you can't handle the truth!!!  surprise p"""
"is like catnip, but for people   "
"knows when she dies, god and the devil will do rock~paper~scissors to see who gets her   surprise )"
"got home from hospital last night, surgery went well    still very sore, thank god for vicodin!"
"ok ok, maybe liquid vicodin isnt such a great thing when you're allergic to it    my mouth & throat is now all swollen    yay for benedryl!"
"not looking forward to tomorrow    briar, the 22 mo old has to have surgery    poor baby has a hernia     im still recovering from mine from last week     this is gonna be fun      sad "
they just took the little guy back    the folks at st  johns have their hands full    that boy wouldnt lay down even after the loopy meds lol
"we're back home    briar came thru his first surgery ok    his legs are still a bit numb, he can't walk or stand which is driving him nuts, but that should wear off in a couple of hours     he's currently napping, but so far so good    thanks for all the well wishes  love "
"says, you may be right, i may be crazy  but i just may be the lunatic you're looking for   "
a ninja stole my wallet today  they don't know that i am a ninja too  because it was their wallet anyway 
want the secret to getting <propmale> quick?   just send me $29 99      smile 
aquadextrous (ak wa deks'trus) adj  possessing the ability to turn the bathtub tap on and off with your toes 
"leonard: i'm just saying, you catch more flies with <propfemale> then with vinegar  sheldon: you catch even more with manure, what's your point?"
loves it when when her son asks if he can ask a question and he gets upset when she tells him he just did 
"   misses the days when decisions were made by eenie, meenie miny mo, agreements were made with pinky promises and boys had cooties "
just gonna stand there and watch me burn? that's alright because i like the way it hurts    just gonna stand there and hear me cry? that's alright because i love the way you lie    i love the way you lie   
says all i really need are minions   
"is starting group meetings at my house for people with ocd, & if anyone feels the urge to tidy up, by all means go ahead"
wonders if anyone else has noticed that facebook is the only place it is socially acceptable to write on walls   
i like it on the deep freezer in my kitchen   
i have entered the room    no applause necessary   just throw money        surprise )
"\freedom's just another word for nothing left to loose \"" ~ <propfemale> joplin"""
"fact: in <propmale>, ohio it is illegal to catch mice without a hunting license "
"how did people decide to milk cows? did they seriously just think, 'hey, let's pull these things and drink whatever comes out'? i mean seriously, who was that guy? it's insane!"
"the best sentence ever spoken- \i love you mom\""  love   love   love """
aquadextrous (ak wa deks'trus) adj  possessing the ability to turn the bathtub tap on and off with your toes 
      is pretty sure she knows folks who stood in line for second helpings of 'special kind of stupid' 
"i am just callin you to see--if your sleepin, are you dreamin? if your dreamin, are you dreamin of me?  love "
"if you are going to misunderstand me, misunderstand me correctly "
have you ever looked at someone and wondered what they would do for a klondike bar?  surprise )
ritenour school dist just called school off
"wondering how paper beats rock? if i throw a rock at you and you try to defend yourself with paper, who do u really think is gonna win?"
