137ed93f83bc1e542424f255f1242e10
r i p  <propfirst> grey #2   
so tired  working alot can really drain your soul and leave you feeling like an empty shell    but it is rewarding 
going to quit smoking  i am scared to death    this might just make me snap   heh heh eh eh 
well    have not succeded on this mission of mine    the nicotine sharks ate me up and spit me out    i broke down and got me a pack    i have to wait till the weekend so i am not at work    outside of work i dont smoke as much    i pray that i can make it through this   
"i have been smoking for so much of my life that just the thought of quiting really does scare me    well    i know i can beat this retardation of mine    with gods help, <propfemale> from my beautiful woman    and a whole lot of swear words   "
"oh my god    i am exahusted    get off at midnight, back to work at 0730, home by 1030, back to work by 1200    off at 2400    back to   (shoots self with tranqulizer gun   )"
"just for the record    i did not forget    she woke me up and \reminded\""me    but i plan on surprising her tomorrow    i really am not a <propmale>    just exahusted """
ho-lee shite!!! if i work just a little bit harder    i could finally see the <propfemale> gates with out filling out a vacation request form   
weekend    finally    here    so glad to still be alive    and time to really stop smoking    starting on monday    wish me luck   
ok    two more cigs    then monday on    none    it might help to stay busy    but all i know i cannot rock the way i used to and running after a short while    it is hard to breath    and i hate being an addict    so on to health and long life    but there is one problem    that is <propfemale>'s music 
ok    day 1 no smoking    i feel good    other than the irresistable urge to beam the next person that talks to me into open space    but other than that   
day 1 and a half   failure!!! i suck    oh well    it will be another day   
cannot wait for the new predator movie!!!!!!!!!!
"july 9th    predators    i feel giddy all over   \and work sucked "
so true    i read it twice 
off to work    make the dough    still need some sleep and a beer 
"well    12 hour day yesterday    probly 12 more today    i am going to be one tired puppy   well, minus the cute exahusted look   "
   tired   sooo tired    happy wallet=tired <propfirst>    no complaints    love life and my woman    but i still have a crush on sleep   and the bed 
ahhh   this <propfirst> weinhards blonde is sooo refreshing after such a long day working in a hot factory    reminds me of summers past when i had no such responsabilities and no cares   
now that work is done    time to sleep like i am dead    in fact    i will call in on monday    let them know i am attending my own funeral    heh heh
beer!!!! thats all i have to say about that 
"do you ever feel like you are a stranger    even to your self    sometimes i wish that i could just be normal    well, at least think normally  i guess i will fight on and maybe, just maybe i can get over life's hurdles   "
"man    i am soooo happy    i got home    and i am drinking coffee and eating    food!!! coffee!!! beer!!! and some other important things   \p s  sleep!!! 3 day weekend!!!"
"sad    so sad    no three days off    just the usual 2    ah well   \bring the e playful losions    happy birthday <propfemale>!!!"
drama is like dysentery    and dumb bitches talking shit doesnt make them smart    beer!
wow    heat sucks    work is getting really hot and long    hope everyone enjoyed the worlds greatest nation's birthday  and i hope it was safe  god bless 
"you know what    my job is sooo hot    just being in the building    which is between 20-25 degrees hotter then outside, and my job, i go into machines that are running between 300 to 400 degrees ferinheit on one side, the other is between 275-325 degrees celcius "
but life is good   
man    6 days straight    i am going to sleep for 21 hours and 19 seconds   
i really love <propmale> grey tea    just thought you should know 
"onward and upward    to work, place of my sacrifice, place of my misory, place of my paycheck, life is good, but no matter what, work sucks "
"eating burritos, watching ghost videos online, then taking a shower    tomorrow i go in for a ua!!!!"
<propmale> gibson's a lunatic!!! just heard the tapes    ho   lee   shite!!!!
my mind is a mess of thoughts   
"change is the hardest thing for me in life    i dont do too well with it    now to find my own niche within this troublesome changing life    through strife and tribulations, i emerge stronger for it    now all i have to do is work on my flaws and build me up to where i could be, and not where im at "
going back to 12 hour days    starting today    yeeeeee haawwwww!!!
some one watch my vid please   i worked so hard on it    heh heh heh
going to work    feeling good    making the money and then home to sleep    maybe 
"i am not able to get online very often, if at all  so goodbye all, hope to talk to yuou all later   "
