3a2de27f924e2c491fe6d25d94f57845
had the best new years ever   got to go to sleep early! lol  only regret not kissing my beautiful wife at the stroke of midnight   guess ill have to make up for it as often as possible    wink    hope you all had a good new years 
i will be a published author by the end of this year  woo hoo!  cross off that one from the life's list of things to do  ;-d
got an lor from my security manager at the squaderon   ooooooh yeah im fighting that crap   gotta love servitude   sure cant wait to re-enlist        lmao
thank god its my three day break   too much more of that and daddy goes crazy!!!!!!
gotta love those three day breaks   but they go by way too fast   i need a vacation   who wants to come with me?
"happy mothers day to all!  especially to all you single mothers   you are a special kind of super mom and i applaud you   have a very special day, you owe it to yourselves "
trying my best to finish the book and send it off to the publisher   wish me luck all 
happy fathers day to all you dads   in the eyes of our kids we are rockstars   let us all make them proud and give them a legacy to strive to live up to   love you dad   one day i hope to be as great a man as you are 
so the book is all but ready to be turned into the publisher   i figure in about a week i will be able to submit it   thanks to all for your encouragement and support   i will keep you all posted on when the release date will me   thanks again 
the book is sent to the publisher   they say all is good should be less than 6mo till its out on the shelves   ill keep everyone posted 
waiting is the hardest part   the book in in the text department   i now i play the waiting game   ugh!!!!  on the brighter side happy 4th of july everybody 
to all my tang <propfemale> do family   have fun out there and good luck   rmaa always cleans up at tournaments and has the highest scores at black belt tests   lets keep up the tradition   tang <propfemale>!!!!
"just finished my first class in nakamura ryu, a type of japanese iaido   so far i like it a lot   ill be a samurai in no time  lol"
"to anybody who wants to know, what my book is about   i have posted a picture of my book in my pictures   it has a brief description i hope you can read it   also to all my sf friends, i have posted my book cover on the <propfemale> flight board in the guard mount room   this book is just the first of a two book story   i am working on the sequel now   i hope to have it finished buy the end of the year "
to anybody that may be purchasing or wanting to purchase my book   please hold off on that   i'm sorry to inform you all but there are some developing problems with my publisher   i may have to pull out and cancel my contract   i am truly sorry for any hassle this may cause you all  im working my hardest to try and fix this problem 
"plans for sept    3-4th west coast <propfemale> <propfemale>, 8-12th brother's wedding in canada, 12th my book is officially released   damn i need a vacation!!!"
"finally got my book order in today   the books looks pretty good   if you were planning on purchasing my book you can go ahead and do so now   they are pretty backed up right now so it may take a while to get, but it will come   if you are stationed with me in cali i will be happy to sign your book if you want   thanks for support "
so    yeah     i made staff   kind of bitter sweet   could use the cash but everything else that goes with it is gonna suck 
just a few more days and im on vacation   <propfemale> crap i need this   all work and no play make spani a dull boy 
"headed to the \west coat <propfemale> kai\""  wish me luck   for those who don't know that that is  its the largest japanese sword competition in <propfemale>   ill be sure to post some pictures of it here as soon as i come back """
just got back from the taikai   3rd place in both the cutting and kata competition   32 people in my division   thanks for all the support 
ugh!!!!  just got home from canada eh   i;m beat   weird to say this but i'm glad to be home   ill post my brothers wedding pics soon   so you all can see me in my schnazzy tux 
"went to ventura, met <propfirst> thompson (c e o and founder of cold steel inc)   went to the the beach with the family   tired but had an amazing time!"
a moment of silence for a fellow security forces member who was killed last night 
weekend in vegas was pretty sweet   never enough time or money to to and see it all   guess im just gonna have to go back   playful 
just past my pt test with a 90 6%   wheew glad that's over for the next 6 months   now i can get fat again     lol just kidding in not going to let all this sexy go to waste 
ugh i'm 28 feeling really old in a job filled with 18-22 year olds   at least i still got my boyish good looks and my girlish figure  lol  thanks for all the well wishes everybody you really did make it a good birthday  ;-d
"halloween was a blast, the kids got a mountain of <propfemale>!  i skim a little of the top of course       as a processing fee   ill post pics soon "
"i love \the walking dead\"" series!!!!  so sweet!!!!"""
"i cant get enough of \walking dead\""   the episodes aren't nearly long enough """
"so frustrated at my publisher right now!!  they offer my e-book for the kindle but it will cost me $100, then they offer to make it into an auto book for like $400   all sounds great but they wont seem to even put up a cover picture in online book stores   grrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!"
soon my book will be available for both the kindle and apple i pad as well as an audio version should be released in the next few months   my book is still available for purchase through borders com and barn & noble com   makes a great gift for all your friends and family 
"happy thanks giving to all!!!!!!  i'm thankful for all of you guys   i'm especially thankful for <propfemale>,  the love of my life for all that she does for me and our family   i love you baby!!!"
my son's birthday tomorrow   gonna be 6 years old!  <propfemale> crap i'm old  lol  little guy was born like a week ago i remember it   closed my eyes for a second and now he's  6   ugh!!!
just got over the flu and now they make me pt test the next day!  if it wasn't for my  wife i would have gone postal long ago!
i may go postal if i don't get this wildlife job   keep your fingers crossed for me boys and girls 
finally married!!!! man it feels good to have it all official now   ugh!!!!!  i mean whoo hooo!!!!
had an awesome christmas   hope you all did as well 
fml!!!!!  im in als 2 days now and am already going crazy   god help me for the rest of the 24 days 
"life isn't easy   but i guess if things were predictable then we wouldn't be able to enjoy the good times that come along just around the bend   waiting on my next turn around the bend i guess, but ill still keep pushing forward "
to all writers and potential writers   publishamerica com is a scam!!!  they are in the business of e playful loiting authors for their own personal gains while giving back to the author nothing   do not buy publish <propfemale> books that includes mine or any others   do not give these people another dime!!!!
got my contract canceled from publish <propfemale>!!!  sooooo happy   now to distance my self from those crooks and start my writing career over again   thank god this is getting behind me 
"cut my hand practicing with my sword the other day   between my first finger and thumb   got only 3 stitches, was e playful ecting more but the doc said no   gonna be a sweet scar though   good times"
bandages are off  my hand looks pretty nasty   cant wait to see the scar   these stitches tickle my hand though 
