e6769adaa9438ef03482f87da64403f6
"i'd love to be with you and the sun will rise, the sun will rise  -black moth super rainbow"
i need something to doooo!
youth in revolt was awesome  smile 
"i'm screamin out 'fuck that '  imma do just what i want  lookin ahead, no turnin back "
dye-ing my hair red-er  laugh 
loving the new band of horses cd  smile 
today was an adventure    hopefully its not over  wink 
 smile 
"outside by your doorstep, in a worn out suit and tie  i'll wait for you to come down  where you'll find me, where we'll shine  - band of horses"
"inhale this lung full to make me smile, and then we'll talk up a real conversation "
who's excited to paint?!      not me 
good bad things    tha fuck?
"if it takes shit to make bliss, well i feel pretty blissfully "
"i'd love to be with you, and the sun will rise  the sun will rise "
how many times do you have to say ''excuse me'' before ''get the fuck out of my way'' becomes acceptable??
"ladies and gentlemen, my names wiz khalifa, and im so damn gooood!"
"if i can't drink, then i can't go "
"let them say what they will, cuz they will anyhow "
"counting all different ideas drifting away, past and present, they don't matter now the future's sorted out  -- phoenix"
she's back!
"we think you're a joke, shove your hope where it don't shine -- santigold  smile "
school wasnt as bad as i thought it would be    i missed everyone :')
school work will never be accomplished in mcconvilles 4th hour  yay!  smile 
"fuck you, and you, and you  but mostly you "
"it's not illegal, it's frowned upon   "
"we think you're a joke, shove your hope where it don't shine   smile "
i approoove  smile )))
zumiez     aww!
savanah is in love with <propfemale>    and four lokos  for sure 
does my effort even phase you? shiiiit 
accomplishments are transiet 
we're something else     laugh 
"let's make this happen, girl you gonna show the world that something good can work and it can work for you  and you know that it will "
"as life gets longer, awful feels softer \well it feels pretty soft to me \and if it takes shit to make bliss,\then i feel pretty blissfully "
there's nothing left to do now besides sit back and watch the world fall apart 
my legs collapse in <propfemale> with the music and i plummet down forever  ?
"daydream    i fell asleep beneath the flowers, for a couple of hours  what a beautiful day "
"you were laying on the carpet, like you're satin in a coffin  are you dead or are you sleepin? god i sure hope you are dead    ?"
"i can't shake you off of me  and i can't be here, and help but think that you should be next to me  i scream your name, i don't know why i care  oh, i'm still here   smile "
"all my life, there you go  oh please stay, just this once, anyway  starfucker!"
well that is that and this is this  you tell me what you want and i tell you what you get  you get away from me  you get away from me      smile 
"let's make this happen, girl you gonna show the world that something good can work and it can work for you  and you know that it will  wink "
now that that's over with    who wants a couple shots?  smile 
"fuck that  imma do just what i want lookin' ahead no turnin' back  i'm on the pursuit of happiness, bitch "
"cuz we are, we are, su-per hiiiigh   "
i don't wanna come doooown 
"seriously, you're disguisting  get out of my life "
grow up and blow away ? metric
"bitch please you like a disease, best thing i ever did was tell that ass peace "
bein    all    s p a c e y
"i be high, then i be low  i be low, then i be high  no need to worry, it's the story of my life "
"lately things just don't seem the same  actin funny, but i don't know why  'scuse me while i kiss the sky  "
"well that is that and this is this, you tell me what you want and i'll tell you what you get  love "
"i wear my shades at night so i can look in the abyss, i see something in nothingness if you could picture this "
"what it do boo? you smoke <propmale>? yeah, me too"
"no need to stress, hold you back too much"
religion is the opiate of the masses 
summertime is the only time 
<propfemale> 
"oh, inverted world"
"obstacle 1\interpol\ love "
renegade
the shins  love 
my friends suck 
a mustang isn't the best way of transportation for toddlers and their accessories  live&learn 
twodoorcinemaclub  love   love   love 
"i'm high but i'm grounded  i'm sane but i'm overwhelmed  i'm lost but i'm hopeful, yyyeah "
i'm such a brat 
going cuh-raaazy
sold to the highway patrol man   
skins has the best soundtrack 
jealousy is the ugliest trait
caring is creepy
it's a great day to drive a standard
just another day out in <propfemale> la   
check my french
wrong turn 3    swagger
opportunity knocks
there's not enough time in the day
invisible for 8 months    now i'm all they see
customer service is not my thing
sooooooo my computers spammed? ignore the wierd ass message you probably got from me
