d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e
happy birthday <propfemale>!!! i love you and miss you!!!
home sweet home where the beautiful children rome lol!!! time for part two of my day   
okay     i need a really good inspirational book to read  any suggestions anybody? something i'm not gonna want to put down lol
gmornining my fb friends!! have a blesssed and wonderful day! the day is what you make it so keep that good energy flowing in the universe!!
thank you all for sharing with me some really interesting books to read  i'll be sure to let you know how they turn out 
what a peaceful and cultivating day i had    
who spends a whole saturday doing paperwork??? me   man i need a vaca asap!!
"i'm feelin    hot,hot,hot,hot hot  97 here in charlotte  time for some ice cold ice tea"
to all the father's that actually do there part    happy father's day!! you are a superman and a super hero to your children child!!!
and to all the strong single mother's who play both mommy and daddy role    happy father's day !! you are in deed a super women and a super hero to your children child!!!
i'm gonna wistle while i work and have a propserous day!! lol gotta stay on that positive note    
i'm in need of a big hug !!!
the power of strength comes from endurance   
still can't believe <propfirst> <propmale> is now gone  my daughter is sooo upset  my deepest sympathy also goes out to <propfemale> fawcett as her life was taken today as well 
finally! a day break   
"okay, the heat out here is scorching!!"
"i feel like chicken tonight, like chicken tonight   lmao"
your heart can only be broken if you give it to somebody who is unworthy of having it !
"happy 4th!!!!! and to all of those who are stuck in complicated, unhappy situation relationship, work, enviroment etc, utilize this day to redeem your own self independence!! do you baby!!!!"
fireworks are still going on!! <propfemale> don't play!!!
"although i did'nt make it <propfemale> this weekend, we had a good time  my baby's b-day turned out great, she's a big 4, my food     off the charts! lol now it's back to the drawing board    "
wishing i could stop time for like 24hrs    
let's get it    !!!
keep an open mind and an open eye    don't let your blessings pass you bye   
life is a journey not a destination     
good night! te`logu! buenos noches! buona notte! bonswe` chalomot <propfemale>! bonsoir! oyasuminasai!
"night, night yall     "
still sedated    
)))))))========>3> wink         
wish i could make it to services this morning but i'm still tied down on foot rest lol
i need something sweet and tastety
if you need to know something    always refer to the source itself and there you will find the correct answer 
"\many ppl are suffering: they want to love but they don't know how to love and love cannot exist as a monologue; it is a dialogue  a very harmonious dialogue!\"""""
the beauty of facing life: when life has so many surprises   boredom never settles in you
"somewhere along the line of your life, you realize that it was all worth it   "
"tea time   green tea with purple antioxidants, blueberry flavor mmmmm"
did my 4yr old daughter just tell my son that he takes things for granted!? wow!!! i swear she is too smart for her age   it scares me sometimes
"doubt helps your intelligence, it sharpens it  questioning makes you aware of many possibilities of which you may not have been aware of before "
you never realize how much your children make an impact on your life until they're gone    well they're back now and i've missed them sooo so much  now i feel complete again  wink  there's no geater love than the love of a mother and child
as the sun shines and so won't i   it's a new day and it will be a beautiful one  wink 
there's nothing like a nice glass of wine after a long day  wink 
i can and i will cause i know how   
happy sunday to all and i pray you have a blessed day evening
having a grande chocolate fix  wink  yum
wish we could all meet up for breakfast  frowny  i'm starving!!
i'm feeling something good in the air today!!!
"the time is now and the place is here   live for today and worry about tomorrow, tomorrow if it comes and leave yesterday behind you "
"life is a journey, not a destination  "
and the cleansing process begins   
1 2 3 and it's all about me !!! cant wait!!!
slackers never win!!!!
i am sooooo tired!!!
live a little?    or live a lot?     
"if the answer lies within, then why is there confusion? are we blinded, deaf, or just ignorant to the inner voice?"
"so if god speaks to us, then how do we know which voice is his?"
lmao!!!!!!! an egg just e playful loded in my microwave!!! i knew that was a bad idea!! if ya'll could have seen me! i thought my house got bombed!!!
i'm feeling the urge to paint my kitchen and construct a new lighting fixture that i previously created< oh what a grand day it'll be! lol
"i'm up, dressed, drinking a cup of java, and ready for a peaceful sunday  wink "
finally!!! i'm done with this tedius floor plan!!
"aint no time like the present time, it's time to get at it!"
just booked my flight!! caint wait to go home!!
"so i'm eating french fries and i just bit my finger, am i really that hungry or is it greed? lmao!!"
i can't wait to go see <propfemale> and wonderland !!!  i'm so excited
off with your head!!!!!!! lmao
"okay so i decided to call it a wrap! good night, bueno noche, peace, ttys  be safe all of ya'll out there getting your drink on, don't do nottin regretfull!  love ya, <propfemale>"
i need some entertainment tonight and not from the t v 
"okay, so i decided to set my day, and, the plan is to not be so overwhelmed by the massive about of work i need to do  positive energy brings forth prosperous results!"
time to get at it again!!
my library has just quadrupled !!! books for sale!!
this weekend has been crazy fun!! and i finally had some linguica! turned everybody on to it lol
had a blast on a sunday night at the club lol
"okay, i'm so regretting that i didn't go to mirtle beach this weekend  frowny  oh well, there's always next weekend  wink "
"in order to stay on the right path, i must maintain a strong mind  there are some things that i just don't tolerate, so watch what you bring to my table     "
i love magic tricks!!!!           
"god sends certain ppl into your life for a reason  learn something from them, wether it be how to love, how to show respect, how to be a good friend, encouragement, even to show you the difference between good & evil, and so forth  when they leave, it's because they've done their job  be greatful for their time spent and move on "
"i am at a cross road again    but of course, that is the nature of life      so what am i going to do different in order to choose the right path      ?the answer lies within      the trick is, the ability to access that information     "
"i am taking a self day! if one more person comes knocking on my door, i am gonna scream! why is that on days off, i become entangled with nonsense?"
"to all my fb mom's: our children are tomorrow's way of life  do yourself and your child a favor  look at yourselves in the mirror and ask, am i all that i can be or trying to be? if the answer is yes, your child will reap what you have sown  if the answer is no, then start today by being a better you so they can be the best tomorrow's  p s  god plays a big part in acquiring such a purposeful task "
getting my education on!!
"\the age requires this task: create a different image; re-animate the mask\"""""
"what goes on four legs in the morning, on two legs at noon, and on three legs in the evening?"
4 <propmale>!!!! woooh weeeh! what a great feeling!
"it all happens the way it's suppose to  stop trying to always be the director and changing things, let it be the way it was intended to be  stop questioning every given act and let the player play their role  his-story will soon be you story "
"you can't put a price on my love, besides, i'm worth more than what you could bargain for  wink "
"if you choose wisely the first time, change is not necessary   "
i couldn't have it no other way!!! and i'm luvin it!!
there's no better feeling in the world knowing that the puzzle piece has finaly been found  and it fits like a glove 
straight a's for this quarter!!!!!!!! i am so freaking happy right now!!!!!!!!
i couldn't have have made a better choice     this will def work!
reunited & it feels so good!!!! there is no greater feeling in the world than to be reconnected with your loved ones!! thank you fb!!
i am not up for the task! i am currently in a universal design class and have been instructed to go the mall and to utilize a wheel chair throughout the mall including having lunch at the food core and a stroll in hollister! oh and i have to take pictures for proof  wow! go picture that one! lol
factual status    the end results is what was meant to happen  so stop stressing and have a lil faith!
"she's got fire in her soul, like the days of old    and the road that is near, she will have no fear    cause she loves she   "
if we only knew the things we could really do     we'd all be dangerous!
i just love it when the puzzle pieces all fall in the right places at the right time!!! positive energy and faith brings forth positive reproductions  thank you lord jesus!!! i truly feel blessed
"ladies     feeling tired, fatigued,and lack energy? vitamin d and 20mins of direct sunlight a day will boost your energy levels way up! you'll be surprised!!"
"okay, we are really going through some changes around here!! my youngest starts her first day of kindergarten tomorrow and my oldest will be 13 in 5 more days!!!! good dracious!!"
mission #1 accomplished!! mission two is now in revision lol geesh!! is it friday yet?
"even when i'm a mess i still put a \s\"" on my chest!! you can call me",\d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e,i'm in need of your energy     
"hair done, nails done, everything done! yeah i'm fancy! muahz, thax daddy!"
"did u know that u feel fuller 20 <propfemale> after you put down ur fork? hara bachi bu-eat until u are eight parts full  okinawa, japan style, home of the healthiest people on earth     getting rid of niggeritis lmbo!!!!"
juicy couture & luvin it! we gonna rock this grown & sexy style! he knows how i like it  love 
so i pull up to my house and what do i see? a beautiful owl on tree  hopefully he came to bring me some wisdom for my finals this week lol
"love, love, love lady gaga! her swagg is so inspirational  that dress would make a fabulous window treament!! i know,crazy, right? lmbo  (designer's mind frame)"
"gotta get through hell just to make it to heaven   paper chasing like nascar racing   one love, under god, cause we all know the devil is a liar   "
"wine, think, work    think, work, wine   and then, wine think & work  hopefully the wine will keep me thinking & working lol"
fb is my drug of choice!  what's yours lol
if at first you don't succeed    brush yourself off an try again!
"balance  annoyed ife   right & wrong, men & women, hot & cold, yin & <propfemale>, so what's pleasure without pain?   "
"there are those who will feed you poison & those who will feed you with nurishment   learn the difference! poison kills, nurishment heals! choose wisely whom you share your thoughts with "
"oh me, oh my   oooh boy! she's at it again!"
why am i receiveing other peoples messages in my message box?
"while your sitting around waitng for your talents to come to you, someone is out there making their talents come true!!"
wooohoo!!!! the falcons won!! my daughter's 1st game and she cheered them to victory !!!
">>>>---------------> love  i'm sending my looove, to you (singing)  smile "
was i born yesterday or has rite aid always sold alcohol?
he brings the foil & i bake the cookies! that's how's we's do's it around hea! lol
"so much for trying to eat healthy! i do pretty good on an average but this week! forget about it! if it's sweet, crunchy, salty, or all 3, i'm eatin it! lol"
"the bible says that love is patient, love is kind  it does not envy, it \does not boast  it is not proud, it is not rude  it is not self-seeking,\ it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs  love does not \delight in evil, but love rejoices in truth  and love can stand to know \the truth  love always protects, always trusts, always hopes, and always\ perseveres  love never fails "
"while\ you scream at ur woman, there's a man wishing he could whisper softlyin\ her ear  while u humiliate, offend & insult her, there's a man flirting\ with her & reminding her how beautiful she is  while you       hurtyour\ woman, there's a man wishing he could take her pain away  whileyou \make your woman cry there's a man stealing smiles from her  post this\ on your wall if you're against domestic violence"
"it’s hard to imagine loving someone so much that you’ve dedicated your \life to them only to find out that \there is just about nothing you can do to make them trust you "
\within each of us is a hidden store of energy   energy \,d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e,\anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a christian must also \,d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e,"a soul mates purpose is to shake you up, tear apart your ego a little \bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so \new light can get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you \have to transform your life, then introduce you to your spiritual \master   \ no one said they're suppose to stick around forever!"""
laughter =nurture to my soul   i am in dying need of some!
money    can buy materialistic items that could be easily  taken away    my heart    pricelss! and will last and continue to grow as long as you keep investing your heart into it   
"once you want something, is when everything changes!"
you know when your a true cape verde when u can chef up some bangin goo fung!! yummy yum yum! and i'm a beast at it! lol who wants some?! lol
"just when you are'nt able to completely \understand why certain things happen the way they do, god shows up, \reveals, clarifies, exemplifies and then directs you towards the path \you were suppose to take  here's the catch: you have to ask him!"
"it takes healing and acceptance to gain strength  super woman had a little set back    she'll be fully charged at a later date  stay tuned to witness her next greater adventure   signed, ms  <propfemale> capello"
\it is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are \,d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e,\a woman's heart should be so hidden in god that a man has to seek him \,d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e,"he who wastes this vital and precious energy cannot have physical, \mental, moral and spiritual development \"",2010-10-27 00:27:44""",d6cabceb552e261e68c9ae4140ccb06e,"\i'm no model lady  a model's just an imitation of the real thing \"" wink """
who has txt msg and can't txt? me! time for an upgrade imediately!
cooking for the soul   the sweet aroma gets me going   
"a woman should have     \a feeling of control over her <propfemale>   "
"each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until \they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born "
"what matters is not what happens to us, but how we react to it "
it's not about the number of friends that you have   it's about the number of friends that you actually keep in touch with    today let a friend know that you are thinking about him her 
i am a redbull    & you
enjoying an early christmas w  family & friends!
chid abuse awareness week! make a statement and change your profile pic to a cartoon character 
power over others is weakness diguised as strenghth   
is shooting stars   
"i just designed a master piece! i am sooo excited !!! this, right here, is the, ssshhh"
is my last name tubman? do you really think i am cooking and doing the dish! bahah! i'm outta here! <propmale> & <propfirst> is waiting for me  lol
"what does a lady do when she has a sad day  sad  ?  she buys herself some flowers, wine, her favorite scented candle, a romance movie & ice cream    "
"life has a way of pushing me in the direction that i am suppose to take  it seems like a set back, but i know, it's a step up     being about my business & handling my shhh   i got this right here, trust!"
"sometimes she thinks she knows what's best for her but god always tends to shine a brighter light in her way, not to blind her but for her to have to open her eyes beyond her own imagination    "
the <propfemale> bread house design off!! tonight!@ my place! bring you creative talents   
"i am seriously having caffeine withdrawals   ugh help, i need some coffee!! lol"
"\a woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: she changes it more often """
"check out \page rage\"" it's an app for fb layouts! design your profile background  there are tons of amazing choices that will suit just about everyone's needs  i wish u could see mine but you have to have your own in order to look at others lol! if u have any questions: inbox me """
there's really a snow blizzard in <propfemale> ! wow ! this is great ! reminds me if back home !
"my new year is about to be here    it's time to sit back & evaluate the pros & cons of my life  change & growth can only happen when one steps into reality vs staying in an abstract world of confusion   \ the road not taken \"" a k a  <propfirst> frost"""
if there was one thing you could change about yourself   what would it be?
"a child that does not receive enough love at home will look for false love else where    hug a child today & tell him her how beautiful, special, & how loved he she is  it only take a few seconds and it feels good to    smile "
"\proactive people use their resourcefulness and initiative to find solutions rather than just reporting problems and waiting for other people to solve them \"" be proactive   don't allow your circumstances or situations control you   take control   """
"count down baby!!!!    & 6,,,,,"
"5,,,,"
"this year we will e playful erience 4 unusual dates     1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11           now go figure this out     take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year and it will equal      111"
going green   6 pages   on it   
jersey baby! we coming!
in jersey baby!!!
thank you all so very much for my birthday wishes!!! i couldn't have asked for a better fb gift  smile  my smile is now endless   1 love 
"it's so great to go to my car, wanting to go home, only to realize that i got a freakin flat tire!! mind u it's raining & cold outside & my daughter forgot her house key!!!! ugh!!!"
"uplift me, encourage me, & challenge me   or keep it moving   "
another nightmare    wishing my dreams were more peaceful    sad 
time to let my creative juice's flow   
"simple tasks such as eating less meat will preserve wild life, walking or riding a bike to close destinations controls pollutants in the air, asking for paper bags, and recycling can all make a difference in today's society & tomorrows future "
"yogurt, strawberries, & granola   "
i feel so blessed to be blessed by the most high!!
still can't believe that they bring your grocery bags to your car out here! and pack your trunk with them! crazy!
never regret what once made you smile   
so i get a knock on my door and to my sweet surprise     edible arrangements!!!
" love  love is in the air in which i do declare   as god so loves world, so should our love for each other be the same   happy valentines day  love "
call me chesty leather bomb! lol
to know how to get to your future you have to understand where you came from (your past)  don't allow your past to hold you captive to your future    stop living in the past!
we are all given a <propmale>    but are you up for the challenge? or do believe that your <propfemale> awaits you with given little to no efforts?
i think i turned into a book worm   
dwell in a conscious mind frame   be one with the divine power   1 love 
these gas prices are ridiculous! it's time for a bicycle!! lol
i'm at it again! painting the entertainment rm and office area! oh how i love to renovate spaces lol
look beyond the status quo   
i am in desperate need of a masseuse!!!
"since when is there no school cause it's april fools day! yet the school department made the kids make of for a snow day on <propfirst> <propmale> kings b-day! welcome to the south! wow, really?"
having my little helpers help me out  smile  of course it comes with a price to pay $$$
having my little helpers help me out  smile  of course it comes with a price to pay $$$
putting my umpalumpas to work! of course it's going to cost me $$$
ont une bonne journée    (have a good day)  smile 
a purposeful life is a life when one has succeeded to do all they have truly desired to do   so live your life for you and not for the sake of someone else   but love all those around you   
"i am happy, i am blessed   i feel blessed just being happy  smile "
"love grows when u trust & when u trust, love heals & renews  love empowers us to do great things, it makes us feel safe & brings us closer to god   "
i'm in the mood for a chinese flick and an egg roll lol (random thought for today)
tuna salad is on tonight's menu  smile  gotta drop a couple of southern pounds around here!!
