14c9c383f274c66db1d76b7a992ccdd3
i hope you got that off your chest   
"i am going to be an \aunt\"" again in november! hurrah!"""
"i want to go back to the spragpole in <propmale>, id! this time, i'll have my own camera, and i am going to stop at the snakepit  anyone up for a day trip?   smile "
"anyone interested can e playful erience the crazy old museum(a practice in psychometry!) in the one street old gold-mining town, have a beer, and see some cool and sometimes crazy old stuff! the <propfemale> b  damned exhibit is pretty cool, and they have peoples ashes above the bar!"
"\you need people like me  you need people like me so you can point your fucking fingers and say: 'that's the bad guy '\"""""
<propmale> pearlman is the shit  end of story!   smile 
is there anything interesting happening on tuesday night? anyone?
"well, i have a severely twisted ankle, <propfirst> hurt his shoulder, <propfirst> hurt his hand and leg    and all of this because we jumped an evil chain link fence and played on some random daycare playground toys    all in all i would say it was a good night!!   smile   thanks you guys! (no sarcasm, i swear!)"
"thanks to all who were so kind on saturday night! much love, and i had a lifetime of fun!   smile "
i might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest woman  nor might i have the perfect body    i might not be a first choice    but i am a great choice   i might not be proud of some of the things i've done   but i am proud of who i am today   take me as i am or don't take me at all    copy and post if you love living your life being you!!!
\times of general calamity and confusion have ever been productive of the greatest minds  the purest ore is produced from the hottest furnace," and the brightest thunderbolt is elicited from the darkest storm \""\"14c9c383f274c66db1d76b7a992ccdd3,too many things are going quite well    i wonder what is wrong   
"forewarning to past, present, and future friends: in case i have not been blatently clear, please leave all your crazy at the door, as we are all stocked up here   thank you "
"\constantly talking is not necessarily communication \"""""
driving home from work @ 11 smile 0pm and there is a fecking plane crash in the middle of the freeway by northwest blvd  in cd'a!!! crazy shit   !
"think i found an apartment    cheap, convienent, and definately haunted  my sis used to live there (sorry aut!) woo! we'll see how the walk-through goes @ 3pm    little tired of giving my hopes up, so keep your fingers crossed for me   "
"wasted fucking day  fuck anyone who thinks the world revolves around their fucking schedule, and the rest of us have to fucking run around behind them bobbing our heads in agreement  fuck that  grrrrrrrrrrr    "
z?
sunshine disaster and civilized animal starting @ 9pm tonight @ the swamp! come on down! now  please 
"\   you fight dirty!\""\",14c9c383f274c66db1d76b7a992ccdd3,"<propfirst> <propfirst>, father of american psychology, tells of meeting an old\lady who told him the earth rested on the back of a huge turtle  \but",\14c9c383f274c66db1d76b7a992ccdd3,"it's been awhile since i had a <propfemale> aguilera \dirrty\"" kind of night  sounds kinda fun   !"""
"sleep? sleep? what is that? crazy people with your crazy notions about needing sleep  the pink panda in my bedroom says sleep is over-rated and i am inclined to beleive him  after all, he is a pink panda  his name is wobbles    "
why can't things just be the way they are? do things always have to be more difficult than they need to be?
"cogito cogito ergo cogito sum (i think that i think, therefore i think that i am )\<propmale> bierce, the devil's dictionary\us author & satirist  (1842 - 1914)"
"i guess i kinda lost control, because in the middle of the play i ran up and\lit the evil puppet villain on fire   no, i didn't   just kidding   i just said\that to help illustrate one of the human emotions, which is freaking out \another emotion is greed, as when you kill someone for money, or something like\that  another emotion is generosity, as when you pay someone double what he\paid for his stupid puppet "
welcome to the darkside    we have cookies 
so    do androids dream of electric sheep?
"she's been everybody else's girl\maybe one day she'll be her own"
ever run backwards naked through a corn field? i don't recommend it!
"it's the end of the world as we know it, and i feel fine   "
"   and when worse comes to worst, just remember to breathe  you're an adult now, remember?"
"you win again, gravity!"
sunshine disaster and civilized animal @ stage 54! get your asses down here!
"so, yeah  before i start whining and feeling sorry for myself, perhaps i should count my many blessings first   "
i think more than i forget 
i'm <propfemale> tonight    and the designated driver    woo
smile: it confuses all the right people 
"eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines "
"almost $400 for snow tires? a 3 hour wait, with no magazines? stranded <propmale> from home, with no sleep, with precious few hours before my 12hr shift? sure, why not  sounds like the perfect end beginning end to the the last few days  but oh no    i'm not bitter at all   "
"i get to go home soon, my real home with my real family  haven't been there in days    much, much too long!"
yesterday    i dropped my phone in a public toliet 
if ever i needed a sign that shit needs to motherfucking change   
there are way too many corners in a round room   
feels like my life is a series of wtf moments   
"time and gravity: my mortal enemies, and my bestest friends "
"why am i always so sad? even when i am happy? i need a hug  when i'm in his arms, it isn't just some hug  it's like going home  i miss my man  i miss home "
what's my favorite flavour? blue!
"i know it's not 2012 coming up, but i wouldn't mind a few practice zombies    you know  just in case "
"thanks, work, for my lovely gi virus  how may i repay you?"
i am not nearly as thankful for where i am or what i have as i should be    good changes to come   smile 
"ah, pillow gun  where danger and comfort meet  200 thread count? 200 dead count  "
**smacks** remember how i told you stupid was about to start getting painful?
thank you to everyone who gave their birthday greetings and wishes  it was much appreciated!  love   love   love 
"thank you nasty cold bug, for keeping me from working and reminding me how big of a wuss i can really be "
"dementia, insulin, edema, catheters, cancer, alzheimers, colostomy bags, excessive medication    never a dull night at my facility!  smile "
why is everybody trying to tell me what i can do and how i feel? since when did i become incapable of doing that myself?
"i guess the humility lesson in all of this is whining gets you nothing but more aggravation  time to suck it up, take it like a champ, and revise my hit list "
