fbd1a8f731336f39d2ff32d8a6430f8d
205-317-3066 text me bitches!
tired of being fucking single 
"shittles, taste the asshole "
someone talk to me  i'm bored 
what do you call buddha lighting his fart on fire? enlightenment 
today a young man acid discovered that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration that we are all once consciousness e playful eriencing itself subjectively  life is just a dream and we are the imaginations of ourselves  here's <propmale> with the weather!
i hate the faces of people who have faces 
oh my nonexistent god! i am so fucking tired of drama 
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can raed tihs!"
there's a reason we don't have superpowers  it's because there is a moment in everyone's life where they just wanna watch the world burn  it seems like its gonna be one of those days 
attention everyone  don't waste your time with app invites like mafia wars and the like  i will ignore them 
just randomly figured out how to play the terminator theme on the guitar 
"ok, it looks like i am going to have to say this again  please do not send me any invitations for apps like zoo world mafia wars etc  event invites and group invites are alright  if i have to repeat myself more than 5 times i'm just gonna start removing people from my friends list "
every time you shart you lose a little bit of your dignity 
fuckin bored
i am going to bed  peace out people!
whoa! my stomach just growled and it sounded like it does in some cartoons  actually it sounded like goku in drangonball z        i must be really fuckin hungry 
mmmmmm  pizza
"you know the term douchebag? i have heard people call each other that, and i have seen an actual douche  but i have never seen an actual douchebag  there's my random thought for the day "
if anyone hasn't checked out serj tankian's smyphony version of elect the dead you fucking need to!!!
i am so sick of hearing big ass dogs barking in the middle of the night on to the wee hours of the morning  people really need to learn to keep their animals in at night if they are gonna make noise  at least my dogs shut the fuck up when you tell them to 
being bored sucks big hairy balls 
"you are stupid! you are stupid, and don't forget you are stupid!"
nigga gimme that sandwich!
popcicles kick ass!
"i am off to bed  i wish you all a good night, and the best wet dream you ever had "
"my dad woke me up this morning to put on a dvd because, \he didn't know how to\"" how fucking idiotic do you have to be to not be able to work a dvd player? there is no excuse outside of brain damage for being that fucking stupid """
everybody was kung fu fightiiiing duh duh duh duh duh duh duuuh!!!
got a new track up on myspace  go and check it out! just go to myspace under music and type in unborn addiction  it's called a better version of untitled  it's not complete but comments are appreciated  good day!
good night everyone  take it easy 
"is it me, or myspace almost completely dead now?"
"wow, i'm actually learning a song on the guitar rather than just fucking around for once!"
hahahahahahahahaha!!! oh! just pooped a little    
has the sudden urge to headbutt a panda 
"with my feet upon the ground, i move myself between the sounds and open wide to suck it in   i feel it move across my skin   i'm reaching up and reaching out   i'm reaching for the random or whatever will bewilder me, whatever will bewilder me "
"i want a fuckin snuggie     i love those 2 words in a sentence, \fuck\"" and \""snuggie\"""""
"i'm just curious, but does anyone have a clue on how many subgenres of metal there is?  no lie  i once heard a polka metal band "
r i p  <propfirst> steele    
i hate it when people yell at you for the slightest little mistake  like its going to make the situation any fucking better  all yelling at someone is going to do is a  piss them off b  make them nervous making their performance even worse or c  all of the above  calm and rational is the way to go 
started watching mobile suit gundam 00  surprisingly good show 
should be getting a car soon! now i can finally have a life and go and see all of my friends! i haven't been this excited since i masturbated for the first time   
yay! i finally got a car!
"don't you hate it when people take their sweet ass time doing something? or don't notify you ahead of time that you need to do something, and wait till the last possible second to tell you? i do "
does anyone know how to set up a musician profile here on facebook? myspace is just fuckin dead these days    
all men to the poop deck for an emergency announcement!
"i went out driving today  i might be a 20 year old loser who sould have had his license at 16, but nonetheless i feel accomplished "
"you are a naughty child, and that is concentrated evil coming out the back of you!"
hooray! tornado sirens!
"only after the last fish is caught, and the last river poisoned will you realize that money cannot be eaten!!!!"
i'm not gonna hurt ya  i'm just gonna bash your fuckin brains in!!! i'm gonna bash 'em right the fuck in!
i hate those days when you wake up feeling like shit for no good reason 
today has been a suckass day 
we can't stop here    this is bat country!
there is a turd in the the punch bowl 
it's just a ride    
"it's amazing how one day i can have nothing but appreciation for life, and the next day i just wanna watch the world burn   "
just found a four leaf clover  aren't i the lucky <propfemale> bastard?
feels like complete utter crap  having a cold sucks   
tired of sitting at home all the time  i really need to get back in school 
fuck! i'm bored 
well i succeeded in hitting a mailbox today  go me!
"click on \like\"" if i've ever made you smile \",fbd1a8f731336f39d2ff32d8a6430f laugh ,i swear if this damn kid next door doesn't stop following me around every time i go out to smoke this fat kid is gonna have himself a toddler sandwich tonight   
who the fuck? and what the the fuck? and how did you two fucks fuckin?       fuck!!! certainly illustrates the diversity of the word 
"my shadow's\\shedding skin and\\i've been picking\\scabs again \\i'm down\\digging through\\my old muscles\\looking for a clue \\i've been crawling on my belly\\clearing out what could've been \\i've been wallowing in my own confused\\and insecure delusions\\for a piece to cross me over\\or a word to guide me in \\i wanna feel the changes coming down \\i wanna know what i've been hiding in\\my shadow "
dying felt so goddamn good today   if i was ever alive well thats hard to say   
summer time can go and fuck itself  this fat kid is staying inside 
going down to the gas station for a slushie and a black n mild  i wonder how this combination is going to be   
fuck! i'm bored 
selling is legal  fucking is legal  why isn't selling fucking legal!?
this is an important public service announcement!!! i hate your face 
it' way too fuckin hot outside    times like these i wish i had a pool 
icee's are like crack to me in the summer time 
anyone want a chocolate lab puppy for free? let me know 
mwuahahahah! fuck you windows vista! you will not be missed!
"i have an idea for a drinking game  well, at least for dax riggs fans  pop in your favorite acid bath agents of oblivion deadboy and the elephantmen etc  cd in  now take a shot every time you hear dax say, \yeah\"" or \""alright\""  you should at the very least have a good buzz going after the first song """
"again, does anyone want a female chocolate lab puppy? if so please let me know "
is very fucking irritated 
new unborn addiction song should be coming soon  hopefully within the next week or so 
woke up on my own today  no phone calls no nothing  it's almost worthy of an orgasm 
can't wait for the new blind guardian album to come out 
"i hate living in the bible belt  it seems people have forgotten why our founding fathers came in here in the first place  to be free from religious persecution  to be able to live our lives as we see fit  i have e playful erienced this first hand this morning  if you are christian or muslim or even in the church of the flying spaghetti monster that is your own perogative  just respect my beliefs, and i will do the same "
"worked out for the first time in god knows how long yeserday  feeling better already, and a bit hungry too "
any of you tech savvy bastards know how to burn movies on ubuntu? please let me know 
my microwave is trying to tell me something  this is a bad omen indeed 
*sigh* if people around my house don't start using common courtesy and putting out another roll of toilet paper when the other one runs out i'm gonna be using their faces to wipe my ass with 
it is hotter than satan's asscrack outside 
sesame chicken= orgasmic
"needs to get out and do something today  so, what's going on people?"
cleaned out my closet yesterday  didn't get my last load into the dryer until 2 this morning  still got 2 or 3 more loads to go 
dreamin' of that face again  it's bright and blue and shimmerin' 
"frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck \\<propfirst> carlin"
i keep shit stinkin' in my droors so i can keep fuzzy funkin' for ya!
listening to the new blind guardian album  it's pretty badass so far 
on the last song of the new blind guardian album  so it's official  badass fuckin album!
i was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo! and some was giving booze to these goddamn things 
creeping like frost as slow as grave moss  like drowning in dry oceans of bone dust  i see the wreckage of crumbling faces  i know the pale thing in the darkest of places 
hey
my facebook mobile is now disabled  so this is now the real <propfirst> if you hear from me 
it seems everyone is getting all excited about football season  am i the only one who could honestly give a fuck less?
when i go into a bad neighborhood i always wear a condom  you know    for protection 
feeling depressed for no good reason    guess i need a manpon 
it's starting to get cold  fuckin love it!
"well today was exciting  i think i am gonna go ahead and go to bed, and possibly play with my morning wood in the morning    don't judge me "
sweet zombie jesus on a pogo stick waving a dildo about! blind guardian is gonna be at the masquerade on december 19th! road trip+ actually being old enough to drink+ seeing blind guardian= one hell of a night my friends!
i really hate it when people don't lift the toilet seat when taking a piss  it pisses me off when i go in the bathroom to take a nice humpdy dump and there is piss all on the toilet seat  ok  i'm done ranting now 
"putthis on your status if you know or love someone \who is gay  being gay is not a disease nor a choice  people who are gay \are not looking for a cure but acceptance and equal rights   93% won't \copy and paste this  will you make it your status       for at least one\ hour?    promote   love    &   acceptance! not hate!"
"'bout to smoke a cigarette, and then go to bed "
going to bed now  i lost my phone so if i don't answer you know why 
tonight has been one goddamn stressful night  for any mistakes i have made  for anyone i might have pissed off  i sincerely apologize  it was not my intention  i'm just handling things the best i know how 
"going to bed in a good mood, and i'm out of cigarettes  a rare occassion indeed "
apparently a perfect circle played diary of a love song at their latest show    goddamnit!!! i reallllllly wish i could have gone 
"thinking and hoping on what the future may bring  going to sleep, and wishing to see the world anew very soon "
son of a bitch  the transmission is going out in my car 
my new number  is 4416146 for anyone who wants it
couldn't get to sleep until 4 or 5 in the morning  then i heard my neighbors dog barking his fucking head off  i think it's time to take ol' yeller to the woodshed   
"nah, you're talking to my guy all wrong  do it again i'll burn your nipples with a branding iron "
fuck! it's snowing again!
    why can't some people figure out technology for themselves? it shouldn't be that damn hard to figure out you can scroll up and down with the arrow keys 
"i like the cold, but damnit this snow really needs to melt already "
"in all of our lives we do horrible things  it's the human condition, but it's how we learn from the the bad things we have done and trying our best not to repeat them that truly makes us good people "
"you and i wake up to the zombie apocalypse together  using only 4 words, what do you say to me? (note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this in your status so i can comment on yours )"
"i just bought a single black n mild, and on it said, \not for individual sale \"" personally i find this hilarious """
"somewhere right now a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with pain meds, while holding her bladder because she doesn't have time to pee, starving because she missed her break, being pooped peed bled on, and is missing her family while taking care of yours  in the minute you took to read this, nurses all over the world are saving lives  re-post this if you are a nurse, love a nurse, or appreciate one "
holy dogshit  aloke dutta is doing rhythm lessons through skype  for all of you don't know this was <propmale> <propfirst> from tool's teacher       holy jumping christ on a pogostick i want to take these lessons 
my room is clean  i feel better  tomorrow i shall get everything organized and my room shall be awesome once more 
i need someone to come with me to go and get my license sometime this week  any takers?
"here's my cheap attempt at having a date on <propfirst>'s day  woohoo! <propfirst>'s day is coming up, copy this on your status and see what you get in your inbox annoyed gold: be my valentine\red: i used to like you\orange: will you be mine?\yellow: i think you're cute\   green: i want to get to kno you better"
"it's been said that friends can go long periods of time without seeing each other and never question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live, and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy  but you will always love them  re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends, they will know who they are!"
"feels like a complete dumbass that he didn't start using a metronome until now  6 years of playing guitar without a metronome! oh well  i'm making progress, and better late than never "
can't fuckin sleep    
counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war drums 
job interview today  everyone wish me luck 
