2da3c43d8262a9a8b822431ef2591d3d
"hot cocoa   good!  i want more hot cocoa!!!  believe it or not, i have been getting up at 9 surprise 0am every day while in az   of course, that is mostly because the free breakfast at the hotel is only open until 10 surprise 0am and if i did not get up, i would miss it    playful   i think it is time for a nap now   *yawn*"
just wrote the second entry in my journal since october 2008!
"had his doctor appointment yesterday   the doctor prescribed a higher does of my current drug   i went to 7 stores to check prices on a month's supply   i could not believe the difference in prices between the same drug  i started going from two 20mg capsules per day to three per day for the next week    after one week, i will go to the maximum dosage and see if that helps "
"here is what it costs at each store for 60 - 40mg capsules (2 day): lucky - $337 58; cvs - $99 99; target - no pharmacy; rite-aid - $12 49 with their free discount card; walgreens - $159 99, or $11ea with $20 00 per year membership; wal-mart - $8 00; costco - $65 50    i could not believe there is about a $330 00 difference between the highest and lowest prices!  i went back to wal-mart to buy the drugs "
"overall, today was a good day!  i went to seven stores to price my prescription  mom and i went to claim jumper before heading home   i hooked up a new vhs dvd player and tested a connection between it and my laptop   i was hoping i could play netflix movies through the laptop to the tv, but i guess the bandwith was not fast enough with the wireless connection   i have to finish setting up the new player tomorrow "
"programmed the <propfemale> remote for the new (to me) dvdr vhs recorder this morning   i actually got up at 8 surprise 0am (woke up around 7 surprise 0am)   if you can believe it!  maybe things are starting to turn around   now, i am off to an appointment in san <propfirst> "
accomplished three tasks that i needed to get done yesterday  small steps  
going for a drive today and reflect
does it take crying to grow up?
"happy thanksgiving everyone   tomorrow morning, i am off to my sister's house with my mother and nephew   enjoy your day and weekend!   smile "
"just did a little weeding and put up christmas lights on the house & two reindeer in front   i tuckered myself out   now, i am ready for dinner!"
"wishes mornings would happen in the afternoon   oh, wait   for me, most of them do!"
"<propfemale> christmas everyone!  we are just chillin' here at home today, watching the disney christmas parade and some movies later   i hope everyone enjoys their day with friends and family   *hugs*"
twice in a row   i got up today at 6:10am   i have a lot to get done before i leave for my trip   better get to it!   wink 
"made it to <propfemale>, nc yesterday with no problems   i was exhausted from the overnight traveling though   i took a long nap in the afternoon    smile   i think i am ready for another nap   all this sleeping tires me out!"
i guess the barn raising does not show up on friend's walls   please help with my barn raising!!
back from my trip   now gotta concentrate on the cpa review course 
"this is the third night in a row that i got to sleep without having to take me sleeping pill   i started reading a book for 30 minutes before going to sleep   so far it is working pretty well   today, i actually woke up a little after 6 surprise 0am this morning   better than sleeping until 2 surprise 0pm, i suppose!  hopefully, this trend will continue   wish me luck!"
happy <propfirst>'s day everyone (what is left of it anyway)!  i just woke up at 4 surprise 0pm   could not get to sleep until nearly 5 surprise 0am last night   *yawn*
just came back from the gym   i actually woke up a little after 6 surprise 0am and finally got up about 8 surprise 0am   at least i made it out of the house today!
went to the gym and did some cardio and 15 minutes in a massage chair for my treat!  i woke up again today a little after 6am and got up at 7am   let's hope it continues!
"it's movie line week here on facebook  cut and paste this to your status and write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the line! - \you don't need to wear a patch on your arm to have honor \"""""
"is very excited this morning!  i even woke up 15 minutes before my alarms went off!!!  (uh   that is 5:45am, btw )"
i did not pass my first cpa exam   i will have to retake it sometime in july august    sad 
"taxes - done and mailed!  well, ca state taxes are mailed   federal taxes were done electronically   i did not want to pay $20 each for two returns just to have a convenience of letting them know there is no tax due owed on one   the other is a refund   no big deal    playful "
cpa exams: 3; mark: 0
what is the best gift your father has ever given you?
is just hanging out at the grand <propfemale> resort in reno 
for those who know the situation   i delivered the letter (with a box of his stuff) to <propmale>'s sister's business in reno and mailed another copy of the letter to his parents from the hotel  i wrote the letter on our seventh anniversary (11 22 09) and had an opportunity to deliver it directly to his sister  i hope his family is receptive to the letter and honors my request  one month ago today was <propmale>'s 45th birthday 
"just finished two games of bowling using house shoes and a house ball   i got 141 and 152  i wish i had my own equipment with me; maybe i would have at least hit my last average  granted, i have not been bowling regularly for the last 10 years   not at all in the past 2-3 years  i guess i could not e playful ect too much more   playful  it was fun to get into it again  i do miss bowling at homestead!!!"
my next cpa exam is today   wish me luck!   smile 
"last night, i went over to a friend's for dinner and had a good time! he made key lime pie from scratch (a little runny, but good!)  then, we played disney scene it for a little while before calling it a night and headed home   it was a good evening!   smile   i even got to take a piece home for my mom "
"i have my september travel plans finished (almost)   i will post the final details when i finished confirming everything \\i need somewhere to stay while in chicago from september 21-22 (tuesday night) preferably near the amtrak station (225 south canal street), if possible   anyone have room for a guest for that night?"
had a great time today playing mini golf with friends and another friend's birthday party!   smile 
washed the motorcycle today!  anyone up for a ride?   smile 
is waiting for a delayed flight to dfw    thunderstorms are delaying flights in <propfirst>   at least sfo has free wireless!   smile 
"is at dfw waiting for his flight to <propfemale>!  i breezed through security; there was no line!!  only another 20 minutes or so before we start boarding \\i had a great time in <propfirst>   i really like that city!  i would really like to go back and visit sometime "
check out  
had an interview with accountemps today   it went very well   i will find out more later next week 
is getting really excited over this new venture!
"mom fell going down the step to the garage   she broke the smaller of the two bones in each ankle!  she has splints on both feet up to the knee right now   in a week, i think they will put on an actual cast (when the swelling goes down)   she will be unable to walk for     well     a while   she cannot put any pressure on her feet at all "
"<propmale> and i visited with mom this afternoon   she was tired sleepy, but doing alright considering    they are going to transport her to a physical therapy center; maybe the same one she had in 2006 when she had the shingles   the pain is diminishing a little bit   she is going to get a transfusion tonight   her blood count is very low   she has problems keeping food down, too; probably due to the pain medication "
"looks like mom is all settled at the rehab center  she had a hard night last night, but looked better today  her direct line is (510) 248-7873 if anyone would like to call "
off to sf (in the rain) to see a friend!   smile   he leaves at 2pm   not sure what to do after that yet though 
"why does it take three hours to cook a \pre-cooked\"" ham? *sigh*  it still has an hour left in the oven!"""
