70bc3164ce36e2a3a7e7beaf6bdf401c
5    4    3    2    1      its finally coming!
happy new year!!! its my birthday!!! woo hoo 2010!!!
i'm off to ucla!! for a week!!
i miss my dorm room too    304  sad 
is at his birthtown salinas for the weekend and it feels great to be home again!!
"has 3 ap classes, and everyone is making a big deal out of it  is it? stressed big time"
i saw my teammate got his finger jammed  surprise 
is getting ready for a lot  surprise 
is getting busy with hw and football oh yeahh
"just got my copy of madden 2010 for ps3, go raiders!!"
just worked out right now which is not good
have you ever really loved a woman? i like that song
working on some stuff right now and getting cash
going to drive all over the place and needs gas money and a job! anyone wanna hook me up?
trying to survive the allergy season
had a good practice
<propmale> amitri has a good song that is awesome
today is the day for redemption
bonfire at west high?! so lucky      
just got home from intense halloween night  dressed up as ghost face!
this sucks
man   reality sucks   
ap english essay due tomorrow right?
today is 1st day working at mcdonald's  wish me luck!
who knew working at mcdonald's was tough?! so tiring   
what was the last chapeter we were supposed to read on <propfirst> got his gun before we finish the book? was it 9 or 10? help anyone?
one more month left!! oh my  
"i just found some tekken 6 tapout shirts  they look nice, might buy one   "
yes black friday this week  is anyone else going?
sign the petition about the guy who threw the dog off the bridge  if it gets enough signatures he will spend hella years in prison 
just wants to get more money   
man good times at ucla  i'm thankful for getting to know new people and makiing friends out there
"i just e playful erienced black friday at mcdonald's with <propmale> and his brother  it was intense  some lady was about to fight the worker, no lie "
sanoma state or chico??
just watched up  what a wonderful movie
"just got back from watching twilight  call me what you want, but the action scenes were the highlights of the film "
is off to work for 5 hours! that's a first for me
"just got off, but wants to work at gamestop!! anyone have connections?"
look <propfirst>! i finally have one uploaded! hahaha
woah! you never know huh 'till someone just blurts it out  playful 
just might get yoostar  sounds like fun
it's supposed to rain the next three days?  surprise 
is listening to ub40- i can't help falling in love with you  smile )
is feeling good yeah!!
"everyday i see my dream, everyday i see my, everyday i see my dream   yes!!"
it gets boring    zzz
studying for tests this late suuuuucccckkkksss  especially when it's an ap class lol
ate some canned tuna with apples    slimey yet satisfying lol
"this sucks, no one is ever ther    why? other schools do it better i gues "
maybe working out will help me feel better   
"today looks like a dark, gloomy day    well the morning at least"
going to lemoore today
"got some cool stuff, ready to let loose!!"
isn't jazz music good to listen to on rainy days? it feels oh so right   
o snap! the facebook trick works zomg!!
i just got a call from the us govt! oh no they found me!
"buddah lovaz, yes   "
"jeez, getting buff is hard!"
"just watched elf, what a good christmas movie  smile "
every time i see the keyboard i notice that 'u' and'i' are next to each other
"damn, i have to sleep early so <propfemale> can drop off the presents    guess i gotta leave some cookies and milk for the big guy huh?"
"well, <propfemale> christmas & hope yours was better than mine  and now time for the new years!"
"now that christmas is almost over, time to get ready for the new years!!"
man do i wish we could change the past!
what the? i got a friend request from <propfirst> j! cool
"2010 romantic overview for capricorns! lol your love life can be in one of three positions in the next year: single, in a relationship, or in a committed relationship  regardless of where you find your status this year, there will be change, and it will likely be for the better  if you're single and looking, there are a couple of windows of opportunity this year to change that "
"omg, tomorrow is my birthday!!!! oohhh mannnnn 2010 here i come!!!"
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays  really appreciated it  hope your new years was as good as mine  may 2011 be a great year for you  wink 
there goes my affliction shirt       sad 
does anybody know how to fix broken doors?
"man, i hate my job!"
"listening to <propfirst> buble is relaxing, especially after your mad, it soothes the soul lol  anyone else agree?"
fml
i can make your bedrock?
"acceptance letter from csu chico, go wildcats!"
what was the chapter we were supposed to be finished with for ap english? was it 11 or 12?
<propfirst> depp dead? is it true?
"i helped this old lady at valero put in gas, she made my type in her password with her credit card lol"
i literally got no matches      sad 
"can't believe it, we won yet we didn't make it to semi- finals???"
"midnight adventures, hahaha"
so much for today!
dj'aying is intense
you ain't gon tie me down
"got admitted to uc riverside, that's one good thing   "
no more slacking off!
imma be having a good time tomorrow and sat!! yea!
is no longer in the red!
needs lyrics
ouch!
sweet! going to see geroge lopez next month!
it's heavy rain today
got accepted to sonoma state university  which one to choose?
doing hw last minute too lol
<propmale> overload!!!!
20 for a touch-up? that's lame  sad 
ohhh mmyyy gossshhh
"when you have money, its hard to decide what to do with it"
did any other person get a friend request from the visalia vipers? its a team trying to recruit people interested in arena football  should i do it?
chico preview day!
they had to cancel the tour for one of my <propmale> choices  sad 
<propfemale> many trees in chico
what a great way to start the day off with chronic tacos  mmm  smile 
this is neat  driving on sunday when its raining listening to maroon 5- sunday morning
haha! i'm done!
wants to get ready for chico already   
some parents are really messed up   
maybe working out will make me feel better
sooo happy and glad!!!  smile 
lil chuckee is the next lil <propmale>
cleaning up st  <propfirst>'s
jump rope!!
happy 4 20 day! let's all have fun!
raindrops keep falling on my head  sad 
is going to drink green tea all day to feel better!
wishes he had a friend like <propfirst> redcorn
"lost all respect to the mexicans here in visalia, they think they're the shit and badasses"
says it's time to get cut!
is there a <propmale> an earthquake could hit visalia soon?
i'm finally healthy to hit the weights again  playful 
csf luncheon today @ visalia convention center! it's going to be fun  smile 
"haha, 2nd period is lame  should've taken video  "
has anyone else heard the taiwanese guy sing like <propfirst> <propmale>? it's legit
kick ass weekend lol
"when you truly listen to music, its unbelievable how meaningful they can be :')"
damn
might be working at build a bear
have to go to that mcdermont all nighter tonight  sad 
"the mcdermont all nighter is actually chill, could be better, let's see how the morning goes!"
"happy mother's day, have a good and happy day with your mom"
"for my senior project, i guess i'm going to do a music video with auto tune, let's see how it goes  annoyed "
finally done with ap testing
new haircut is eh
"my phone is about to die, so if you try to reach me won't be able to answer cause my charger is broken"
"choir show tonight and hume lake tomorrow morning, this weekend sucks"
i hope i'm still not coughing tomorrow  sad 
these politic commercials are harsh
this weekend sucks and i'm still coughing  sad 
"is not done! so happy, i just need to get through this week and try and i'm good!"
i should feel better this week
"the pencil i had in my pocket gave me a cut, now my finger is bleeding  don't keep pencils in your pocket at all"
"damn, <propfirst> <propmale> died, whose next?"
visalia has some crazy ass people roaming around
let's have some fun tonite
"the countdown finally begins, senior year went by so fast  annoyed "
"today was pointless, but i went to colimas again, only difference was that i was a <propfemale>, good times   "
"it's finally over, no more high school  so this is when life actually begins?"
in a couple of hours i'm finally going to graduate! it's gona be crazy    
"it's officially over, no more high school  it's been a great 4 years getting to make new friends and doing all the activities <propfemale> west had, i'm sure gonna miss it     now it's time to get ready for college   csu chico      go class of 2010!!\blazin' the trail"
"time to chiillll, got some money for graduation and an itouch, let's party"
"damn, today was so emotional i bursted out crying    it never happens! but after hearing some real stuff, i just feel bad that there's nothing i can do about it\live life good and appreciate it, you always have it easier than someone else"
one ear pierced or both?
hell yeah tonite was sick! wish every night could be like this!!
"crazy, i actually dreamed for 2 nights in a row"
these weird dreams are so crazzyyy! i don't know why they keep happening!!
who the hell works at american e playful ress? damn people thought i was a girl and they barely could talk english
leaving on the 6 of july for summer orientation!
"the weekend can't be the only time to <propfemale> out, need to chilllllllllllll sooonn"
"damn, i hate this   it's gonna suck when i leave   "
"yeaaaa, let's <propfemale> out tonight!!"
"such a chill night, have lots to do tomorrow"
busy night
"damn, i almost ran over a cat last night, intense  "
"so much to do today, time to get to it"
"damn, my future is so screwed right now, i don't even know what's going to happen   just hope for the best and see what happens"
3d hdtvs? what's next?
yea! la! what now!!
time for late night workouts!
r&b songs during the night are sooo relaxing
got gps for my car! let's go somewhere far!
<propfemale>'s wants to call me in for an interview! but the scheduling center doesn't have its time slots ready yet!!
lakers shall win tonite
"lakers shall win tonite     oh wait     they did!! yeah, i knew the lakers were gonna win! now i could sleep good"
"whoa, fell asleep while listening to lmfao, and dreamt i was at a club partying haha"
"went to csu fresno for testing, bought new clothes, almost got my ears pierced, and saw <propmale> hartnett's clone    no liee    good day!!"
good breathing= successful workouts!
"holy shit! i dreamt something bad and when i woke up from that dream, that was also a dream! it's like the movies! 2 dreams and the 3rd time it's real! damn    "
"at salinas, now going to <propfemale> <propfirst>"
"just got back, and got a new tat!"
bored
pandora just got better
new ipod update is sick
"new iphone is legit! it's been reviewed as a badass phone, whose going to get it?"
midnight work outs are fun
backstreet boys are performing in fresno on july 1st   
"going to la to pick up a new car, can't wait"
haha
not going to la tomorrow  sad  orientation   
just chilliiinnnnn
finally    got my interview scheduled for <propfemale>'s   if i get this job    discounts!
"thank da lord! i have an interview for best buy, so happy   "
drake's doing it big! he's on fire right now!
no edc for me  sad 
"bored    1st\person to like this, you will be my profile pic forthe day, 2nd person\to like this, your last name will be my last name for 2 days, 3rd\person can dare me to do one thing, 4th person, i will say   i'm in a\relationship with you for a week  smile  put this on your status if you dare   "
"leaving to my interview @ best buy  wish me luck, if i get the job i could help you with electronics"
"just came back from the mini interview, there's one more with the gm  one more interview then <propfemale>'s"
finally got my gps fixed! let's go <propfemale> out!!!
"just chilling this night, haha bored so hanging about     successful night!  playful "
"hahaha, fun night! what r u guys doing  smile "
who wants to talk i'm open!!
i better find your lovin! love drake awesome artist!
"even though i didn't go to edc, i still had a good time in visalia  playful "
what i ordered online should come in today
"if pinocchio said \my nose will now grow \"" will it grow?"""
2nd week continuing!
"have to be at cos at 7 smile 0, no sleep today  sad "
time to start the day!  smile 
i'm gonna crash right after this so bad
"the future isn't looking so good now, don't know how to overcome this"
"just finished working out, have to keep it up for hawaii!!"
time to make music!
"have to go to the post office again, getting this package is a mission!"
midnight workouts again  smile 
almost done working out  smile 
just woke up and missed the 9-11 time window  i'm still going to try to get my package though!
nice! they updated amp after i sent some messages! that's good news right there
i think i'm gonna take this day off  smile 
i already want winter to begin  sad  christmas month is the best ever!
i think this is going to be the day i don't sleep
i feel so out of it today    is this what sleep deprivation does to you?
hopefully tonight is good
"time to relax, busy day tomorrow then 4th of july!"
"came back from the lake, it was fun, and the day only gets better!"
fireworks already? downtown? isn't it too early?
"had a fun night at the movies, but there's still more to do!!!   smile "
listening to rhythm & blues   
nocturnal with my cuz! can't wait for the end of this year! lots going on  smile 
swimming with my siblings  they're teaching me how to swim lol
fasting sucks
"ugh, fasting makes me feel weird lol"
workout week 3! one more month for hawaii!
"so it is true, that's so weird"
"fasting again, ugh! just one more day!"
i get at&t u-verse today! comcast has been horrible lately
fuck! i hate time conflicts!  sad 
"toot it and boot it, toot it and boot it lol, @ mcdonald's eating mcchickens  smile "
at the movies! this day is awesome
"had a good afternoon, got some stuff, ate, and watched a movie  why can't everyday be like this?"
"ugh, epiphany"
"off to my interview at <propfemale>'s, wish me luck!"
"damn, crunch time, i have a dr  appt and in interview in less than an hour, what to do??"
"yes! god heard my prayers, i made it on time for my interview, wish me luck  smile "
"this day sucks! didn't go as planned, can't wait for the weekend"
"well that sucks, my phone broke, and no movie, could this day get any worse?"
listening to classical music is relaxing     
"zzzzzzzz         if you like this status, i'll write something i like about you on your wall and dislike too"
"just woke up, i need to stop sleeping late"
"listening to some trip hop instrumentals and sleeping    feels like i'm in a movie, it's trippy"
i love music
"oh no! my summer isn't going as planned! changes are happening, and they're not good!"
bout to get my grub on
"good afternoon, although who knew that the oh wow nickel arcade had drama?  surprise  can't wait for tonight"
i wanna do something tonight
being a parent must be difficult!
"ugh, got lazy this week! can't be lazy next week!"
what to do so early in the morning?
why is 3-d being used so much?
bugs at night are so damn weird
saturday night and nothin to do
need phone <propfirst>    my sim card erased everything
this sucks!
area 51    is it real?
if a person was born deaf     what language do they think in? english?
so desperate for a job    little caesars might be my only option  sad 
"me: yea\chris: yeaah\me: yeahhh\chris: yeahhhhh\<propmale> de la rocha: yeeaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!"
loves r&b
this week is going to go by so slooooww
"there's been an increase of burglaries around goshen and <propmale> maddox, right near the burgundy apartments  protect yourself"
"when your facebook app crashes a lot on iphone, how do you fix it!?"
haha    slap chop remix
"why is it that people put useless junk in their garage and leave their car, which costs thousands, outside?"
some people are just tooo predictable   it's funny
haven't been at the flea market for quite some time    brings back memories   wanting a sega
today was just full of surprises    going to be a godfather though!
"why is it when you wear your tacky clothes and go somewhere, your bound to see someone you know? always happens to me"
whose down for a chat??
deep thinking seriously    
hello  smile 
does anyone wanna talk???
ugh     i feel like a douche  sad 
epiphany
playing my old playstation and sega games    bring back so much memories   i missed the good ol days  sad 
"originality, quickness, sting, delivery    yo mama show is hilarious haha"
"sweet, going to forget tonight"
what it do facebook peeps?
the sleaze is out
all i can say is wow    fuck it  smile 
just thinking     life is very interesting    you learn a lot from your mistakes
damn    i need someone to talk to for real
really wants to get involved in the music business
gonna chill with my aunt and uncle
who wants to chill and hangout?
lol
just came back from the country    did some deep thinking
so bored   any good places to <propfemale> out this late?
doesn't want to sleep    so much on my mind and nobody wants to talk
"drake is gonna \shut it down \"" he's \""unforgettable\"" and \""successful \""\",70bc3164ce36e2a3a7e7beaf6bdf401c,missing last year at ucla mock trial team    good times   
what did i do to deserve this? people make mistakes and for that it shouldn't be dwelt upon   things change  
"in order to enjoy life, you need to suffer a little bit right? because what goes down, must come up, right?? or was it the other way   "
has anyone heard about the ghost car here in visalia? they say if you make a u-turn at the dump you could see it    but only at nighttime   anyone wanna go?
fuck  ghost car is real 
wanna get a sword tattoo    but idk where   where would be a good spot for it?
"hahaha, has anyone seen people that look like them or anybody you know? it's hilarious!"
"if i ever have a kid, i'm going to take them to disneyland and get them <propfirst> mouse ears!  smile "
chinese food is tha shiznit
finished working out   now i know why i miss it   makes me forget and makes me happy
making a song     
song is finished     just need to finalize and work out some stuff   
mmm     pizza hut  playful 
have to pick up <propfirst> cause he has no ride   -_- suucckka
-_-
"music is awesome, without it what would happen?"
"there's something about the morning that feels great, especially this early!"
mmm    me-n-ed's
45's are my two new friends  smile 
ugh    why can't i have this level of intensity every week!
don't get prevail sport!! it's not what you think it is  sad 
people can be boring
going to tha casino sunday!! i got money to blow   oh yeaaa
wtf! spider creeping in my room while i'm sleeping! i hate spiders!!
"i wake up this early to find my damn dogs after i get no sleep!! and to top it off old people exaggerate, um yea"
trippy dreams are intense
after a good nap i feel ready for anything!! time to do something!!!  smile 
people can be dicks for no reason at all  i don't get it
"learning about life  it's a strange thing, too much happens, it's overwhelming"
feeling inspirational  nothing is going to stop me now  smile 
"damn, you never know what's gonna happen   life can go by fast  sad "
had a good time at the casino! need to do something like this every weekend!
amp just keeps getting better!!
"interview in an hour, afterwards going to get a haircut! can't wait for this day to start"
finally got the hair off
came back from porterville  there's nothing to do over there too! need to go somewhere further!!
"if you can dream it, you can do it   "
might get my piercings this friday
the <propfemale> is looking awfully beautiful right now
"feeling good right now, time to start the day!  smile "
now i have to wait until saturday for my piercings   
poke me if you ever had a crush on me  like this status if you think i'm a good friend  message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on this if we have had good memories    now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status 
when does classes start?
"ugh, headache  sad "
have to go to the doctor in sanger  going to be a long day
drove for 5 hours   i'm ready for la on my birthday
fushigi??
it's been awhile since a good scary movie has come out    i want to see one that's actually scary!
mmmm     taco's  playful 
that was a close one  sad 
hope tonight goes well  smile 
"not my car, not my problem  wink "
<propfemale> vu is fuckin intense!!! talk to me i'm bored  playful 
dammit   can't sleep  sad 
<propmale> padilla     the taxicab driver      -_-
"   ugh, just woke up  it's going to be a long night "
morning jog  smile 
going to fresno
iphone 4    i luv you  smile 
"at lemoore base! free stuff, having a dad in the military is nice"
"hahaha, <propfirst> was on 103 7!!  laugh "
"vampires sucks looks funny, it's about time!!"
i love the night  smile 
midnight workout!!
"so many changes happening this year, it's unbelievable  2010 is barely starting"
borders is awesome
have to wake up in 3 hours and i can't sleep  gonna leave visalia though!!
"yes, just found out good news!"
"going to seaworld, universal studios, and hollywood the next few days!! later visalia"
the view from sheraton is incredible  too bad they kicked me off before i could take pics    universal studios today!!
why am i afraid to lose you when you aren't even mine?
lost my phone in la    what do i do now??
is it wrong to not wanna come back to visalia after a road trip??
whose going to the fair next month!?
saturday night and i'm stuck at home   and my cell is lost   so bored!!
"it's too early, but i can't wait for halloween this year "
gonna go for a drive
"driving at night, listening to some r&b songs, this is why i love the night life  i'm happy  smile "
weird dreams are crazy
taking a nap while listening to rap music  makes you sleep good
yeah! preseason for nfl begins! now i can actually look forward for sundays happening again
another night drive   got my r&b cd this time  smile 
fuuuuhhhh    k  just saw a serious car crash right now  so much for my late night drives  sad 
"school starts next week  damn, not even ready too"
just found my stack  now i just need a job to buy it  sad 
school starts next week and i'm already stressing  i hate school
finally finished the payments for my car  in the next 2 years i could get something better!
why is there a bunch of people at the st  <propfirst>'s river holding up red flags?
mmm    jarritos
"another late drive   they never end! lol\hope another car crash doesn't happen again  annoyed "
i like hanging out this late  but everyone is always busy  can't wait for the weekend
black ants are so damn annoying
i could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a better argument
"busy day today, and school is next week   summer is slowly coming to an end"
im da one to talk about if money is da topic  touchdown pass dog im da 1st option  smoking on multi colored weed from the tropics shawty brought it up it was hot so she dropped it  i got the key girl tell me where the lock is  lock ness monster? smoke like a rasta  i kno the body girl better than a doctor  maybe thats a lie but ill still do u proper  hittin high notes like u singin in da opera  wink 
-_-
after a nice trip it's time to workout again!!
who knew a nice workout could make you feel so good!
damn   i made so many stupid mistakes in the past  sad 
going to sleep while listening to classical music    aim your ear high!  annoyed 
this is way too early  time for orientation    not
time to start the day
had a dream about chico   made me think a lot  i wonder    
finished everything early! guess i'm excited for college  annoyed 
"going to take a nap after a busy day, always make you feel good  smile "
i'm always gonna stay true to myself  smile 
"if you love somebody, set them free, if they return, they were always yours, if they don't, they never were "
"if your willing, you can do anything you set your mind to!"
another busy day today   saw some old faces haha
cleaning my house     like a boss
my sister is ambidextrous and she doesn't even know it lol
teamwork  it gets the job done  smile 
dammit  plans got screwed up again  really wanna <propfemale> out too  when will i get a <propmale>??
gonna check out the meteor shower with some tunes
it's really dark right now  one more hour before it starts! can't wait
meteor shower and fri  the 13th? this day keeps getting interesting! wonder how today plays out
a lot of meteors darting across  so nice right now  smile 
tonight was good  saw some meteors  hope everyone has a good day today 
"if life gives you lemons, politely thank life, then, when lifes not looking, throw the lemons into the pond"
i love eating cheesecake!
life is so confusing  annoyed 
naps are good
working out always makes me happy  smile 
don't you just hate it when you need to leave somewhere but then you can't find find your car keys?
"like\ my status, and i'll write you a letter: \dear______", you have a \70bc3164ce36e2a3a7e7beaf6bdf401c,damn! tonight was fun!! and <propfirst> finally has the money lol
lol tonight is the bomb!!  smile 
"dear zach, you have a cute shirt  you make me wanna text you  you should be an opera singer  you & me should team up  i'd get your name tattooed on my left arm  you are so rad  i need to get a music symbol tattoo "
going uphill from now! can't wait for tomorrow!  smile 
"damn, nose bleeds suck"
water is man's best friend
you shouldn't have to change for anyone
have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor? lol
the last weekend of summer vacation before school starts  
like my status and i'll like your best profile pic
"i like to let people talk, who like to talk  it makes it easier to find out how full of shit, they are"
the things i do for love
 smile 
still can't believe it
"this is crazy  school is starting, friends are leaving, and others are joining the army, marines, and air force and other stuff  life is barely starting"
can't sleep and i have school today  this is weird
people who talk smack on online video games are ridiculous
midnight snack!  smile 
and so it begins    in a few hours
any tips on how to beat cos parking?
today is dragging on  annoyed 
what in the    booty oogly?
figured it out!
ab workouts are intense
good thing about working out is that it makes you happy afterwards  smile 
another busy day  this week is <propfemale> busy and it's only tue 
"chilling with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and chio haha"
<propmale> out with some friends i didn't see in awhile! good day today
just got a cut by my aluminum foil box  it was bound to happen eventually  annoyed 
why do people lag? it gets tiring after awhile
"if you really try, you can do anything"
excited for my history of rock & roll class! looks like r&b was one of the many <propmale> influences that helped developed rock 
"if you put in that extra little effort, it will make a huge huge difference"
one of these days i'm gonna call in and make a slow jamz dedication  laugh 
"had the most craziest, realistic dream ever    it just might come true   "
people these days
morning was horrible  everything feels so rushed  i hope i crash this class
class at 11 and then 6? what to do in that huge time gap ?
social problems looks like it's gonna be a fun class  professor is hilarious and chill
nice facebook app update
time for a late night run
damn    200 calories + 22 smile 0= dedication
week went by fast  can't wait for tomorrow 
morning workouts?? yes! because of college i can actually do this!
"dammit    i sit in an area where there is nobody, so i can read my book and these 3 mexican guys sit right across talking loud and yelling  they have a friend called tonto lol, it was funny at least "
rekindling old friendships at cos    it's gonna be a good year
"need a nap, college takes a lot out of you"
"what's the point of talking talking to somebody if they're not even going to listen? oh well, i guess you just move on  "
never regret something that once made you smile
waiting to crash into this english class  i hope i do   
"thank god! i finally got into english, praying does work! need to go to church this sunday"
so happy that things are going my way!
can't wait to start waking up to rain this early in the morning  just a few more months
isn't it interesting to find out the reasons why people do things or act the way they do towards you?
i luv tonight  call it one if the best  smile 
tired
is it wrong to always want to have a good time? haha
"the first love is the sweetest, but the first cut is the deepest"
"wow   if things go wrong right now, i'm just going to be angry and forget about helping people  take your kindness for granted and tell you lies"
"it's going to plague me for the rest of my life, that i'm not going to chico for now \fml"
"it's bright blue outside  it's usually dark, wonder why it's like this   annoyed "
everyone looks the same at cos!!! i can't tell whose who  sad 
at my old job right now  i miss having a job   
things happen for a reason  maybe i am supposed to stay here  i just wish i knew why
just saw a friend from elementary school  sure miss this good times
"bad thing about having a class at 6 is that nobody is here, and it's empty"
hot cheetos ftw
"can't wait for my hair to grow back again, it's too short"
can't wait for nfl season to officially start  so pumped!! gonna go to a game this year!! stoked!!  laugh 
"time to start the day  it's gonna be a busy, but good one  smile "
lol this damn table  everyone keeps leaning on it and it tilts over
sleazer     
"bout to roll me a blunt with my list of regrets \burn it all burn it all, i’m starting it fresh \cause half the time i got it right, i probably guessed "
does anyone else just listen to music and think?
haven't slept at all and i have class today  how will this day end? hmm   
i need some new threads  annoyed 
damn   
it wasn't me : )
"friday night and nothing to do    as soon as i get a job, i'm going to be hanging out!"
"it's better to have confidence, than to not have confidence at all"
that education connection commercial gets annoying after awhile
<propfirst> waymire plays 360 all day    he needs to go out and live life!!
iphone 4 or samsung captivate?
riding on golf carts in this good weather  helping my moms move  smile 
"49er's vs  raiders    preseason game, can't wait"
hate boring weekend nights  that's when the fun begins
driving this late is better than nothing
"who else is bored of visalia?!? i am, nothing to do and the people here are wack"
vevo rocks
"doing hw, so bored  annoyed \like this and i'll post something i like about you on your wall "
giving my a game for the next two years  never felt this inspired ever  it's on
i wondered why the baseball kept getting bigger  then it hit me 
to nom or not to nom? hmmm  
"according to my professor, i look like a gamer  sad "
"some random lady walked up to me and ask if i wanted to take her parking spot  how nice of her, now for lab quiz and history of rock and roll test!!"
talkboxxvx update! time to make some music  wink 
zomg iphone 4?!?
playing madden 11    nfl season begins next week    can't wait for football to begin!!
"if music is medicine of the soul, let it play on   "
going to help my mom move again  have to drive a u-haul  it's going to be interesting lol
"why is it when you tell yourself not to forgot something, you end up doing it? it sucks"
i ain't mad at cha 
"electronic music, saturday night, \club can't handle me\"" song    time to do something!"""
"did anyone else know about this new nfl rule? if the team that wins the coin toss in overtime chooses to receive, and scores the other team is able to score and win the game  if they tie, it then goes into sudden death"
"i'm always a nice guy with a smile on my face  but there are some people that make me really angry and confrontational  i wish that they weren't in my life, but unfortunately they are  sad "
\but i was curious and i'll never forget it, \70bc3164ce36e2a3a7e7beaf6bdf401c,"ugh, hot cheetos, twinkies, fast food and gatorade was my diet for the past 4 days  that's not good"
"listening to itunes podcast \sounds of the apocalypse\""  who would've thought it sounded so satanic???"""
will it rain today in visalia? hmm   
watching the nfl game with some pizza  can't wait till my team plays this sunday though! gotta love football season!  laugh 
"does anyone know what \asset verification\"" is for financial aid at cos?"""
"tulare county fair this month, halloween next month with scary movies, haunted places, corn mazes, thanksgiving after, then december to watch raiders vs  colts then christmas      next few months are going to be incredible!!!  laugh "
"i'm cold like a midnight in aspen, i am the president  and the assassin  welcome to the show  i am the main  attraction lol"
one loss means nothing  there's still 16 more games to play
"damn    drake killed it with \fancy\""! haha free weezy"""
carefully paving the path for my future in the next two years  it's taking forever  annoyed 
"while everybody else is getting out of bed\i'm usually getting in it"
"the future is looking up  so stoked, can't wait"
sony vaio ec series or macbook pro?
"got to class late and teacher calls on me the minute i walk in to answer  not doing that again! and why is a fly called a fly? if you take the wings off it, what do you call it then?"
this is weird  i'm taking a nap but keep waking up every 5-10 <propfemale> drea<propfemale>g something new  it's trippy
a dream is possible  you just have to keep working at it
it's a good day to be mexican today
so looks like there's not going to be summer school next year at cos  what are the options now?
just read the asian version of <propfemale> and wonderland
money just changed everything  smile 
check it out
i do so much for my friends and family   but at least its good to know they have my back in the end
"it's always fun to just sit back, relax, and talk about life and stuff lol"
the future looks so different than now    but it makes it that more exciting to look forward too  can't wait to see what it brings
has anyone ever just sit back and thought about their life and their future plans? like what they could do to make it better or how they can prepare themselves? life is such a mystery  and the future is just une playful ected and full of surprises  one can only hope
they should make a college for people who sleep during the day and want to go during the night  we should see how that work's
"just saw the professor from back to the future at panda e playful ress and got a fortune that says \you will obtain your goal if you maintain your course\""  and class got cancelled  good day"""
english class is tha bomb! professor is hilarious and classmates are always being smartasses lol  played taboo and it was funny as hell haha
"i throw my telescope in the air sometimes, singing ayyyyyyyyoo, i'm galileo "
"hope for the best, plan for the worst"
maybe next week    snoop dogg is performing in lemoore tomorrow and i won't be there  sad 
you play to win the game!
"<propmale> janikowski     tsk, tsk   "
"even though the raiders didn't win, they improved a lot from last year  next few games should be interesting"
eating menudo lol
"he who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself, is mightier still"
"work delivers us from three great evils: boredom, vice, and want"
homemade smoothies are bomb
look before you leap
don't know what to be for halloween  ghost face from scream or a gorilla suit?
young moolah baybeee!!  laugh 
iphone 4  laugh 
what dragonball z character are you? -- my result: goku  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 159363 referrals status?aid=528785358
did anyone else get a letter from <propmale>?
"social problems class is so hilarious and awesome, it's incredible"
iphone 4 retina display is amazing
another sleepless night  annoyed 
does anyone know how much fitness trainers services cost?
"2 tacos for a $1 at cos! haha, he calls it the happy hour"
i hope it rains today
i go into taco <propfemale> and order a meal and the lady says no immediately before i finish  she stares at me for a good 5 seconds and tells me that she's kidding  what did i do to deserve that? lol
it's october finally! is anyone going to the fright night scream park?
it's going to take 3 hours to get my windows tinted  what to do with no car?
grey clouds are coming in  should be a rainy day  finally!
"just saw a guy who looked like rj berger  he had the glasses, hair and clothes and errythang"
"me and my uncle ask this white guy to use the 3d glasses at best buy and he says that 2 guys wearing the same clothes as us, and right about our height, took off with them  he then says \i'm just kidding!\"" oh the irony"""
things get worse before they get better  just 2 more years and its over
it's finally raining now
"let's have a toast for the douchebags, \\let's have a toast for the assholes, \\let's have a toast for the scumbags, \\every one of them that i know,\\let's have a toast to the jerkoffs\that'll never take work off"
def jam rapstar comes out tomorrow  gonna buy it  smile 
"can anyone give an example of what goes through a process?\- building a house\- putting on your clothes\- waking up\- uh, process foods?\this class is ridiculous! lol"
"slept on top of my shoulder and now i can't stretch it  it hurts, ouch"
learning about cars  it's so confusing
happiness depends on ourselves 
"some a-hole is challenging me to a car race right now, staring me down, revving up his engine  -_-"
just woke up from a nap and now i have class in the next 10min haha
"haha, my professor talked about my paper in class today, probably cause i was late lol  can't wait for fright night tomorrow  hope it's good!"
does anyone know what those grey arrows are on facebook chat for ipod app?
"<propfemale> is not a matter of <propmale>, but of choice  not something to wish for, but to attain "
hello friday  smile 
"necropolis was aight, time for the next one!"
just saw a prostitute walk out of a guy's car pulling down her skirt   sad 
"haha, some random guy just popped out of nowhere and started breakdancing"
"great night, had some weird things going on but it was awesome  can't wait for next week"
mobbin' down mooney with my uncle
"finally, after a week i finally got my stereo installed thanks to my uncle  now to homecoming!"
"shelter thy kin, shelter thy woman, and shelter thy suitor\for a debaucher traverses these streets"
life can be such a trip
"ignore your doubts, trust your instincts"
why is it so hard to go to sleep this late? lol
all i can say is that the raiders are definitely not the same team like last year
i wish i could speak spanish so i can talk to my grandma
the best revenge is massive success
"i keep having the most trip dreams ever, they're so bizarre and make no sense  sad "
"like this status & i'll tell you   \1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds\2  the color you remind me of \3  my first memory of you\4  the animal you remind me of \\5  ask something i've always wondered about you \\6  my favorite thing about you \\7  give you a weird nickname "
"if you don't have a smile, i'll give you one of mine   smile "
"i need to stop being late for my morning class, grade might go down"
people do the most random things that are weird but entertaining haha
does anyone else feel happy after waking up from a nap? lol feels great!
"friday night and nothing to do yet\\if you like this status, i will inbox you telling you if you are a friend, pretty, fit, or i would go out with you "
jackass 3-d  laugh  and there's a haunted house here?
"jackass 3-d  epic \<propfirst> pontious is awesome "
going to be a godfather today
new computer is setup finally  now i can get motivated with my workouts again with my music!
damn  itunes erased all my songs  sad 
"haha, my professor called me a spaz cause i always walk into his class late"
barely going to bed right now lol
why would kanye west replace his bottom row of teeth with diamonds? celebrities these days lol
don't ever get a mexican girl mad!
"lol, the person sitting next to me laughs like a ghost"
god must really want me to get a good grade on my test cause both my classes got cancelled and i didn't even study!
woke up from a nap and thought it was friday morning lol  rest is essential
the <propfemale> is looking awfully trippy
i'm so grateful for all my smart friends
séances are awesome  anyone wanna do one? lol
"damn, some idiot almost hit me at an intersection"
"<propmale> lesnar > cain velasquez\if velasquez does win, it's going to be a crazy victory"
"first mexican ufc champion, represent velasquez!"
2 more years till csu chico!  laugh 
one day at a time
"\like\"" this status if i've ever made you smile in your life"""
"if prop 19 passes, will california be known as the weed rush?"
the 60's looked pretty fun
scary movies are a trip
60 more days till together as one  can't wait!
finally fulfilled my civic duty as a u s citizen by voting
<propfirst> archuleta performing free at the <propfemale> vista mall today at 5  who's going? lol
"i'm not sayin' i'm the nicest, i just live life like it"
playing sports is so much fun
can you control your dreams? i had a nightmare and was trying to wake up but it was so difficult  i couldn't change it  it was intense lol
evening classes this late are legit! what makes it better is when the professor is impressed with your work lol
couldn't resist buying black ops for ps3 lol  gonna play it after my appointment!
my doctor's medical assistant looks like aziz ansari
saw is such a gory movie
finally did it  there's no turning back now  can't wait for the next few months!
"when life takes the wind out of your sails, it is to test you at the oars"
a mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory
never underestimate the power of passion
"sweet, meteor shower at 11 tonight  hope it's better than the last one"
so ecstatic!  laugh  it's time to start anew  smile 
i love hip hop
day 1 of my new diet  can't wait to see the results in the next couple of months  smile 
listening to r&b music while it's raining is very relieving
i think i have to break my controller in order for it to work
"i asked one of the workers where the black fridays ads at and he thought i said where the hash at  he was like omg, where? i want to know too hahal"
let's all have a happy thanksgiving day today  smile  and safe black friday lol
dammit     these mexican's brought a tent and trying to fit 8 people in there haha
"only cause i'm waiting in line for black friday lol\like my status and i'll tell you my own version of that's what's up!"
helped the environment by buying an eco-friendly tv
i have a strange feeling that the hip hop genre is going to die soon and just become another fad     unfortunately  sad 
"finally bought my tao ticket\together as one"
and the hardest part about the business is minding your own
it's tamales making month lol
"this \vote your favorite story\"" on the news feed is interesting  """
"those <propmale> life-size cut outs look so real  everytime i walk up the door, it seems as if someone is actually there  it's so eerie  "
got a haircut like <propmale> cazarez  sad 
i'm confused    the cartoon profile change pic was made my pedophiles to lure kids into adding them??
"why not?\like this, and i'll tell you which song you remind me of  lol"
i'm going to miss my history of rock n roll class deeply   sad  such an interesting and fun class it is
"you need a travel agent, cause you a trip"
sweet  i just got cleared to write an autobiography on kanye west   laugh 
"and look, i really think that nobody does it better  i love the way you put it together, uh"
"nice, for my soc  class we're gonna eat at <propfemale> gardens for the final lol  can't wait, it's the last class too! then it's the countdown to 2011   "
"orale! i got tickets for the lopez tonight show on the 21st! whatcha, imma be like this-\haha, can't wait"
my beautiful dark twisted fantasy     such a compelling piece of work
variety is the spice of life!!
found out who the special guests were for lopez tonight  can't wait for the 21st!
"can't believe my belt broke in the restaurant haha\now that first semester is over, i'm one step closer to going to chico!"
i don't need no love all i need is a dj
i don't think i'm ready for tao
"shout out to <propmale> banuelos and <propmale> cercado !\thanks <propmale> for everything, i'll give you something for christmas haha"
might as well see the lunar eclipse since i'm going to be up  hope it looks good
ever ever mr  west is in the building?
"saw <propfirst> lopez live on his show and got free tickets to another show!\tune in tonight on tbs to watch lopez tonight! <propfirst> simmons makes a speciall appearance along with <propfemale> lafayette!!"
ice rink!!
"got free tickets to another <propfirst> lopez show, but can't find anybody else to go with \bummed for real"
"she don't believin choosin cars\but she believe in shootin stars"
"i just scored 238,099 points, playing house music on extreme in tap tap revenge!"
"christmas just isn't the same anymore  at least i have memories to look back at and smile  only thing to do now is just celebrate with the family and <propfemale> the day and look forward to new years\yea it's cliche, but <propfemale> christmas!"
"its been going good, but good could turn to better"
"man i swear she fine homes,\why she always lying though?"
"she said she wants some <propmale> <propfemale>, some <propmale> vandross, a little <propfemale>, will definitely set this party off right"
i can be your sun and you could be my earth
having the cops knock on your door this late is not good  but i a saw a shooting <propfemale> so it's all good
2011 year?now loading    ??????????????? 95 85%
"24 7, 365, chico stays on my mind"
love live life proceed progress
the grass is always greener on the other side
"i know i’m preaching to the congregation,\we love jesus, but she done learned a lot from satan"
finally got the kinect  smile 
the minimalist lifestyle is fascinating
1 1 11 1 11 11 11 1 11 11 11 11
special k cereal tastes good
can't be scared to fail
it makes a smlight difference lol
might need bifocals or eye surgery because my vision is bad
driving down the freeway while listening to r&b music  so relaxing
this year is going to be insane
cinnamon rolls and coffee  smile 
"it's impossible to lose you,\because i never had you,\although i would be glad to"
tattoos are living <propmale>  smile 
"good looks attract the eyes,\personality attracts the heart"
june 25th & 26th just got better
"considering going to law school after graduating  i keep being told that being a lawyer is perfect for me, but i'm not sure  have to see what the next two years bring"
does anyone else enjoy listening to classical music these days?
"day 1 of 560 begins\it'll go by fast"
aaauhh
i fear for the younger generation -_-
considering going to the coachella festival this year  but i don't know anyone who's going  annoyed 
"the jets put up a good fight to the steelers, but i see the packers winning superbowl xlv  wink "
sunday night slow jams
asian food is so good!
what's a great way to relieve anger?
i plan on staying in shape for a very long time
watching modern family while setting up my desk sure does take away the frustration
i could get use to this  smile 
no coachella this year  sad  i was looking forward to see kanye west perform too  at least there's edc
my professor just showed us her epic <propmale> potter doll collection
i keep seeing cars with chico license plates  annoyed 
you make me feel alive
club energy has some good songs playing  also brings back some good memories haha
the lord of the rings score is intense
my dog just had puppies  might sell them  laugh 
it would be interesting to go to a 70's themed disco club haha
music is <propmale>
looking back at my family pictures really makes me want to do something with a family of my own and create amazing memories with happiness and laughter along the way
psychology should be great interesting this year  getting an a isn't difficult at all!
no sleep
loose leaf books just did me dirty -_-
sunset is looking nice
bass down low
can't wait for next year  i'm gonna host the fights and games at my apartment lol
wow really?!?!
lodi dodi we likes to party
it was a good close game but i knew the packers were going to win  green and yellow
no more fast food lol  it's not doing my body any good  annoyed 
r  <propfirst> had to perform on a monday  annoyed 
had a great time in english class  need more days like this!
looks like there might be a lockout for the nfl next season
"\facebook? why don't you face book and study?\"" haha"""
edc needs to get here soon  its been so boring lately
i miss the 90's
"i'm about to lose my mind,\you've been gone for so long,\i'm running out of time,\i need a doctor"
finding out new workouts at the gym is nice  especially by people who know what they're doing lol
i hope i don't regret this lol
"all i can say is, i can't wait for chico  that is all "
"once you go <propmale>, you don't go back"
i think i got the dancing thing finally down haha
good things come to those who wait  i know i'll have my <propmale> eventually
there is no <propmale>  only <propmale>ists 
watching get him to the greek
never felt so determined to succeed!!!
found out about some interesting stuff  only makes the future that much better!
watchmen is such a good movie
need some changes soon
<propfemale> vs  capcom 3!
"next time i'm moving, i'm drinking red bulls or monsters"
makes me glad that strangers are willing to help  always good to do the same
"listening to some jazz while chilling, looking at the clouds  so relaxing  "
you are what you think
it's so cold right now  even the geese are quacking
sleep? what is this sleep you speak of?
music unlimited on the ps3 is awesome
"i won't be able to see <propfirst> perform today in fresno buuut, i might see him perform in chico this year! not sure yet though  annoyed "
that moment 4 life song keeps playing all over the place
love & other drugs
going to take my fitness level up a notch
almost ran over a <propfemale> -_-
"might be a <propmale> i could go to edc this summer in las vegas  not sure yet, but it would be an awesome day to spend summer break there"
40 days
the world is slowly falling apart  
now or never
supermoon tomorrow? maybe   
