be7fcf1dd1e4854c4fe38abc7fb3acd7
jesus loves you!!
"two things to tell you all sad 1) we are like apples, when we fall to the ground, god cleans us off, and to him we are still special  (2) god is displeased with us for this reason: lack of knowledge  he gives us two choices; the \best choice\""--god knows best"""
it would be good if the devil lost his job in this economic crisis! lol!
"never, ever doubt your existence  people mght not agree with me on this, but god's got a plan for all of us "
"never, ever doubt your existance  god's has a plan for all of us  (jer  29: 11)"
is walking by faith and not by sight 
my birthday is august 13th 
"thank you everyone for the birthday wishes  my day is already good, but you all have made it soooooo much better  thanks for the love  i'm 21!!!!!"
wow!    classes are about to start       time to turn my swag on!
"i attend to new covenant ministries in lumpkin hall main auditorium @ 1 smile 0 pm, sunday afternoons "
i always liked panthers     eiu just reinforced that tonight 
i went to the water ya'll      baptised in the name of jesus!!!
"man, i feel cheated  should have utilized my teenage years when i had them!"
revival!!!
balance is key to success: there is a time and place for everything  you just have to know how to adapt 
hello world!!! guess what?!! there cannot be spirituality without reality 
today is sweetest day to the supportive women in my life  i love you  especially you  (you know who you are)
my head hurts  i don't want to over study 
"come out and support unity gospel choir's winter concert titled, \it's all about jesus \"" come out to worship with us in song and to have a winter-wonderful time in the lord! hope to see you there!"""
"i just realized that people are not perfect, myself included "
"hey, i just saw the frog and the <propfemale> and avatar! overall    two thumba up! that's my rating "
all it takes is a made up mind     
"nothing comes easy, but through hard(& smart) work, anything you <propfemale> is the feasible "
life would be so empty without god 
i think it's time to get out there    
i just finished a report on torture  i don't feel so good 
"when someone is weak and calls on you, there is always something you can say     even if it's something they don't want to hear "
i'm so mad ya'll        my momma is on facebook trying to be my friend 
lol    i love my monna though!
go to class 
it's so nice outside!!! i'm just walking around just to walk!!
happy birthday!!
touchdown
you know you ghetto     you know it   
"because i have access to god's promises, i know i'm going to make it "
projects are due        gotta go!
"are you feeling as confident for finals as i am? if not, set up some study time "
hey everyone: come out to the last unity gospel choir concert of the year!! it's at <propfirst> united (behind lawson over by the huge parking lot) @ 5pm  see you there!
ya'll wanna see my mohawk?
oh! i wanna get wasted! i wanna get chocolate wasted! go see grown ups! it's a non-stop-laugh movie!
word of advice: don't let a situation stop you from finishing what you started  you'll feel better if you aim high and miss than you would if you gave up 
i really need to get over myself 
"i like the way <propmale> <propmale> made \larry hoover\"" and \""hallelujah\"" rhyme!"""
payback! revenge! the big payback!! r i p  <propfirst> brown
time for me to get a line jacket!! frat    help me out!
"\i think i love my wife\"" is a great movie  it puts things in perspective """
"it's a stepdown going on    and i'm performing! yes, i'm about to step! first p, let's take it to em', let's do this thang!!"
"wow, <propfirst>s really do run it! here is what i read, although i didn't read all of it  i guarentee that it will make a <propfirst> laugh and smile  go here to learn more: http annoyed  www novareinna com constellation leo html"
thank you so much for my birthday wishes  i truely appreciate so many people celebrating with me on my birthday 
"happy founders day to all the c h a r a s m a t i c  men of phi rho eta fraternity,\ inc! as of august 23, 2010 the eternal epsilon chapter brings to \easterns campus the 'year of the gentlemen ' if you haven't already join\ the eternal epsilon chapter of phi rho eta listserv for further \information "
urban academy is a model high school that sets the standard for all-male schools 
"congratulations to the new line of neos b r s captain anoitic: spenser nobles, b r s  tractable: <propfirst> bwoy dunlap, and b r s  anchor sagacious <propfirst> 'oc' osifalujo     of the p s  aphtermath"
cleaning my room
happy birthday to my ship: <propfirst> revillation wabomnor!
"s t r o n g  mentoring program is having it's first meeting reception sunday, september 12, 2010 at 4 surprise 0pm7th st  underground in the mlk union "
"on behalf of eternal epsilon chapter of phi rho eta fraternity, inc  we formally invite you all to the very first program of the year called \ how <propmale> is your <propmale>? \"" come check out the smoothest brothers on campus as we yet again bring you more enlightenment for your life  phi rho!!!!!!!!!martinsville room of the m l k  union 7 smile 0  see you then """
thank you all who came out to show support and learn from the first program of the year  there will be more hot programs to come! jua phi!!
"come out attend the first s t r o n g  mentoring program reception meeting of the semester  the event will take place on sunday, september 12, 2010 at 4 surprise 0 p m  at the 7th street rathskeller (lower level, university union) "
the stylistics - people make the world go round  great music  thanx dad!
the opposite of ignorance isn't intelligence   its awareness 
i got my first line jacket!
bb <propmale> and <propmale> <propfemale> betta sang that blues!! more classics 
dimes & dons        come and let's take pictures!
i need a haircut! gimme some <propfirst>!!
i got my hair cut  thanks to all that helped me out!
"well, it's back to the basics  it's the same crap but, a different toilet  pun intended "
"man, so many cool people birthday today, ya'll lucky i still like ya'll after a year  anyway have the best birthday of your life(especially if you 21) "
thank god i got home safely!!
"thank god that we got home safely!! he's an on-time god, yes he is!"
i just did the homecoming vote  here is the link:
happy birthday to mo'beauty frisby my sister!
just got back from the rha nrhh retreat 2010!! it was an all-out good time!!
show me a good time      please!
"hey fb, what's more important; the rule or the exception to the rule?"
"don't focus on what you can't have, get all you can have "
black student reunion is good  i see alot of familiar faces!!
is anyone selling tickets?
"hey fb, i have a riddle: what kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow?"
"laso ~ light it up union party!!!! this friday, nov 5th @ 10pm in the union!! come dance and have fun for $2!! only $2!!! see you there!!!!"
i had fun at the laso party!
"i can't stop now  i'm too close to the end of school  please fb, cheer me up!"
<propfirst> dining student workers: can someone work for me from 5 surprise 0pm-8:20pm?
my program was a success!! i feel great!! now back to studying!
"when there is a feeling of meaninglessness, people do meaningless things    \-viktor frankl"
"q: what's up with this q&a thing?\a: don't ask questions, jump on the band wagon  "
"q:would rather have no butt or no penis?\a: i need my penis, so you can keep the butt"
"q: if u had the <propmale>, would u be my best friend again?\a: i think i can"
ask me some good questions    or not 
"two papers due tomorrow!! jesus, i need you so i don't get stressed out!"
"i'm going home, back to place where i belong           but these places and these faces are getting old so i'm going home\ -<propfirst> daughtry"
"south side south side, we gon set this party off right!! chi-town chi-town, we gon show em how we get down!!"
church was awsome today!!
the thanks of giving is coming up! glad i got something to give thanks for!
"fb, what are you thankful for?"
food!!!!
how well do i know you?
i enjoyed bowling wit the phrat!
"changeyour facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood, and invite your friends to do the same  until monday next week, we hope to see less human faces on facebook but an invasion of childhood memories  this is for awareness of violence against children, a great cause! jus       do it!  smile "
i miss not having a care in the world        
apo-excuse me--alpha phi <propfemale> probate was good!
i miss the hawk     
"okay, thank you  it's my turn now  send me <propfirst> "
"#23 girl, why you gotta be a boy magnet! i love you and i fight them boys off you  this yo uncle talking to you, girl  you have alot of potential to be something great  please don't have a baby early and please be careful, okay?"
"#3 i have a hard time trying to figure you out  i think that's why i like you so much  you are mysterious to me, but i smile at you so i won't take you seriously "
#24 you made a very good impression on me  you have a passionate personality and you are a very fun person  keep being you and you'll find that you'll get everything good that you want 
"#10 first off, i didn't know that you were an s g rho! i have always looked up to you  i'm glad you came back to eiu! your advice really council through difficult times  you made mt trio e playful erience for me "
# 500- you are the man!! you cool as a ps3!!
"#0531 you are silly!!! you make me smile all the time, and you one of the reasons why i love to come home  i like your determination, even through your struggles, you keep holding on "
#2 4- you have the nicest smile!  smile 
91 5- you are one of the flyest brothas i know  you're always have the nice clothes on and gucci suits you well!
"#777- you are really outspoken and you make my day better, you can sing and i want you to have a solo in choir "
"# 2250- even though we're different, we have much in common  i can say that it's very easy for me to understand you and i like that you can appreciate a good comic book  you even know the difference between graphic novel and a comic book  you're alright by me, sir "
"#613- you got to me first  y friend told me to tell you that you are a grenade! you dress well and you flaunt your best features, not only that but you put up with me!"
"#42a- you have bad timing, that's all i have to say  you're have a cute personality and you make me wanna say awww!"
"#15- sis, why don't we ever get a <propmale> to <propfemale> out  i been ready to go "
"#266- you good, you have one of those loving-mama type character  i like people like that!"
"#14- you just had to pick this number  well, you have half of my sense of humor, and i look better  sometimes you get on my nerves, but i got back all day  now what you want for christmas?"
"#4424- i don't know hoe you do it, but you put up with the family even at they're worst  i'm thankful for you, you could teach some of these bogus pastors out here "
"#5 i think you have alot of heart and character  even though some unfortunate things have happened to you, you're good at keeping you're head up, and being resilient  these are your strong qualities "
#2010- you are very stylish dresser and you are polite  braces on't look bad on you  i didn't know that you had that many talents at your disposal  keep working on then and you'll find yourself doubling up(multiply) 
"#36- you remind me of a sister fo real!!! yah trick!! yah trick!! lololol! i'm sho nuff glad i got somebody looking out for me in these streets  i can use your life as a reference, because you did things that no one would have ever thought you would have done "
"#496- you are a true-blue friend to me, and you're a great listener    such a lifesaver "
"#007- you really help us young kids out down here in charleston, plus you can tell a good story!!! i could listen for hours  the food you cook is so good, especially that meatloaf!! and you have the cutest daughter!! she says full words now!"
#867- i miss you  you made psych class the place to be! we never had the time to <propfemale> out though! we need that  yo kid looks like your clone   lol
"#173- you were an awsome director! i don't e playful ress myself to alot of people, but you always seemed to know when i needed to e playful ress myself--just like a mom  i appreciate you!"
what am i doing? just getting ready for finals 
3 finals are done    2 b's in 2 classes  <propfemale> to god!! 2 more finals 
"press \like\"" if you like frat-life!"""
"i'm home  also congratulations to my phrat brother <propfirst> \oc\"" osifalujo!"""
is extremely mad he got a c!
"#21(special)- you make me feel great about myself  i am very happy to be close with you  i admire you because you have a good head on your shoulders, you make people feel better around you, and you are a positive person with good intentions  you are beautiful beyond comparison and you have a sexy mind  having your friendship and more is enough for me  we fit together like puzzle pieces "
"#1991- you are sweet and precious, but e playful losive and unpredictable all at the same time  you make me smile and laugh alot!! i'm glad we met the way we did! lol  smile "
"#777- do not do that!!! you're mom's right! anyways, you are a strong-willed person  lol you value being saved, and i like that in you  you make life interesting and you make me look at life from a different <propfemale>  plus, you and your brother look like twins!"
"#85 you are very confusing, but you can be manipulative  you like to confuse other people  you have the technical-mindedness of a lawyer and you always act as though you have something to hide  this sometimes stresses me out  you make me laugh because you like to start arguments and you swear that you are always right  boy, i swear, you could persuade death not to take you on your deathbed "
   lbs
i'm studying the bullier and the bulliying victims 
i am not down with opp! just found out what that meant!
thank god & my parents!!!! ps3 is finally mine to hold!!!
just ordered 4 games from gamefly!!
"children are fun, but these attitudes are not!"
i'm watching a different world and i see people with letters  lol
i keep telling myself to stay humble  nothing is given; earn everything  maintenence is important 
<propmale> congratulations to the new sigmas and kappas! welcome to the greek life!
shake hands & kiss babies! you can never go wrong by making friends!
i luv <propfemale>!
the confessional: the face of violence is canceled! this event is postponed until further notice  i'm sorry that i did not get to you sooner  enjoy the rest of your day off 
this again   ok  q&a anyone?
i want more questions?
happy valentines day baby!!!
phi rho eta stroll of this wednesday @ 7 30 pm in the university ball room! come out and watch your favorite sorority or fraternity bring some of their best strolls! $3 for the first 100 people $5 after that! jua phi!
phi rho eta stroll off was great!
"if you're not prepared, then be prepared to fail "
i just finished hanging out wit lil fris!
i'm selling tickets for the annual african fashion show! tickets are $5 and $7 at the door  contact me when you want one!
"happy birthday to my ships, ps wildphire!!"
"i walk like a gentleman, i talk like a gentleman, that's the making of an eta, cuz there is none greater! i been in the game for a year and i still feel so smooooooooooooooooooooth!!!"
just came from club soundbyte with the cuzzos  great night!
it's our choices that make us who we are 
i have something to say: moments become memories so easily  live each moment like it's your last and you'll be satisfied with your memories 
i have something to say: a meaningful relationship is meaningless unless you know the meaning of yourself 
i need to start telling people about themselves in the heat of the moment lbs 
i had fun at the phi rho eta house!
i gotta accept that i can't get everything i want when i want it 
"tonight the men of s t r o n g  will be presenting a forum called \barbershop gossip\"" @ 7 smile 0 n lumpkin  we will be talking about everything men women speak on24 7"""
"if i'm going to buy a new phone, which one would i buy?"
congratulations to <propfemale> phi <propfemale>!
nfl lock-outs and government shutting down  what happening?
today's the day you've been waiting for!!! come out for another hot phi rho eta fraternity inc  premier as we introduce to yall our newest members phoenix annexation: an eternal epsilon chapter phoenix premiere colman hall auditorium 9:40pm
school is too much right now!
great fashion show bsu!
happy easter!
pain is weakness leaving the body   #morethanaconquerer
put this as your status if you're brave: i will be 100% honest  you can ask me anything in my inbox and i will answer it in my inbox 
i'm on the front <propfemale> of the den ya'll!
i like puppy chow!!!!! -hacked by jasmene <propfirst>!!!!! lol
skype: frisbytron3000 #getatme
i need prayer right now for peace of mind 
finals are over with!! last paper coming soon 
hit me up on skype: frisbytron3000
happy mothers day to the mothers that gave birth to and taught us how to live 
driver's licence       
camp lo - luchini aka this is it
"if you haven't watched the game, watch the last 5 minutes!!!!! #lifechanging\also follow me in twitter @ anomaly313"
yeah yeah heat got 1-- it's tied! bulls and bulls fans keeping hope alive today! let's go bulls!
ladies: dress how yo want to be addressed!
"bulls      performance was better, but where is the w?"
something wrong  i hold my head  mj gone  the bulls lost!!!
someone wanna sell me an unlocked phone with wi-fi? inbox me please!!!
i would like a new phone 
"hey, come out on 83 & western sunday, june 11th and get some free bbq!"
"it's that time the c h a r i s m atic men of phi rho eta fraternity inc  in our entirety presents our annual fraternity cookout sunday june 12th, 2011 in chicago ,il @<propfirst> <propfirst> woods (grove #15) 83rd and western @11am-5pm  ***free food, fun, games, and special guest: dj aris on the 1s and 2s! *family and friends are welcome!*greek organizations are welcome* come and have fun with all of the eta's calling all schools!!"
"phi rho eta fraternity, inc , epsilon chapter will be hosting its annual bbq \\we are inviting all greeks, family, friends, niu, & niu alum to come out \\there will be free food, games, & music \\we are inviting all greeks, family, friends, niu, & niu alum to come out \\dj aris will be on the 1s & 2s     \\the bbq will take place on sunday, june 12th starting @ 11am    make sure to come out & bring a friend "
job interview today
"get ready for tomorrow! phi rho eta cookout! <propfirst> <propfirst> woods, grove 15 @ 11! free food music! bring your fam & friends! greeks welcome too!"
thanks to all who came out to the phi rho eta 2011 cookout! we all had a great time! couldn't have done it without you all!
"congrats to my grad, <propmale> brown senior class of 2011! they grow up so fast!"
camping with the kids!!!!
"i gotta develop focus! i don't feel like doing it, but it's time to do it "
i wanna <propfemale> out!
"transformers was so good, i had to see it twice!! in 3d and with my black people!!"
all these nike spam ads are getting on my nerves!!
"college is about working for the success of your future, but most college students don't realize that until it's too late  #wellatleastyouwenttocollege"
"sometines when you get what you want, you end up missing what you left behind #inreality"
i know i'm not the only one who thinks it's a great idea to end all parties with party rock anthem 
"drama - left, right"
i feel surreal
"people live their lives bound by what they accept as correct and true, and define that as reality  this is a broad statement! so this means that different people have different realities, huh?"
"gotta love the support from my family, friends, and loved ones all the same  ya'll make my day, make me who i am, and help me grow  you all know who you are "
two things that give me comfort: rap and jesus!
i just had a great time on my birthday!!! thanks to all of you for the birthday wishes!!
bad company corrupts good character    #don'tgetittwisted
"if you don't like phi rho eta, you a phi rho hater!"
don't go around phire e playful ecting not to sweat #realtalk
today black history will be made on eiu's campus!!! #blackmalesummit 2 smile 0pm!! grand ballroom!! be there!!! #idoit
want to accomplish your goals? hold only positive energy hope
just got my first snapback!
"september 9th, a union party, a premier, and an afterparty all in one night  this friday have a c h a r i s m a tic night with the eternal epsilon chapter of phi rho eta fraternity inc"
"september 9th, a union party, a premier, and an afterparty all in one night  this friday have a c h a r i s m a tic night with the eternal epsilon chapter of phi rho eta fraternity inc"
it was a funtime last night!
why are pretty girls insecure? #irony
281-330-8004  this number is disconnected! where? <propfirst> jones! where? <propfirst> jones! #sentoff
"i'm finally learning how to prepare food so if ya'll wanna see me cook, i'll accept your challenge "
<propmale> & <propmale> ya'll my gs 
<propfirst>  i'm game 
now study and work
"#114 i remember 5 yrs ago, we was in the park and when i walked you home  i had a crush on you!"
1020 - you are real example of someone that had to struggle but never forgets to put faith in god and believe in what he says  i'm glad i meat you  and i gotta admit i had a crush on you my freshman year in unity 
"9 11 - you funny acting  i guess it's because of politics  you flip-flopped on me so many times, i jus gave up "
"808 - we don't talk everyday, but when we do, it's like how i remembered way back when we was in bogan  you cool as ice!"
"44 - g u my sista, quit playin  you already know how i feel cuz i just told you last week!  smile  but i'll say it    when i needed someone to step in and help me out you do! i'm looking for a <propmale> to give back because you already gave so much  i will say thank you"
i'm having break throughs with this number game  good memories
"409 - you are so condescending, cunning, sarcastic, cynical, and a slacker  that's a good combination! i can't take that question seriously lolol  hey batman, remember the ph"
7- we've known each other for a very long time  it's never a dull moment with you  thanx for teaching me how to dance!
"1 - you are my fav, u are hilarious, and i miss you a lot cuz you're fun to be around "
"<propfemale> <propmale> wrote:it is official  it was even on the news  facebook will start charging due to the new profile changes  if you copy this on your wall your icon will turn blue and facebook will be free for you  please pass this message on, if not your account will be deleted if you do not pay"
23 - you stepped up bro  you got a good head on them shoulders of yours  you cool with me bro 
"3 - you are different, but you cool as hell  you good to be around and convos are very interesting and engaging  you taught me some valuable lessons, and you have a strong mind  it's not alot of people with that characteristic  you always find a way to say what we are all thinking and you never forget to keep it real  i hope you get what you want out of life, cuz you keep it real, but you know your limits  keep intelligence alive, bro "
"25 - i always thought you were nice  you take on alot though, it will pay off in the end though  we could have <propmale> out, but i didn't want to cross any boundaries "
1028 - you did it and i'm happy for you  you been like a mom to me in eiu and i appreciate that so much 
"2006 - new money    i'll call you that  we're the opposite  you're fiery and e playful losive  you cool  too, and you get all the h*es! your fashion sense really works for you  i wish you much success bro "
"write your troubles in the sand, but carve your blessings in stone "
"good point spenser nobles: many people try to stand out by trying to fit in  here's my point: what sense does this make? at what point do you stop think for yourself- individualization  there's a gray area  me, personally, i ain't never had a problem thinking for myself or making my own decisions despite what people had to say  how about you?"
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnn  out at west <propfemale> wit my bros   all of them!! lol
on the way back from west <propfemale> #goodphrat
i apologized    i hope you know i meant it 
it's all about politics! remember that!
black <propmale> - celebration
bills bills bills    paid!! thank you jesus!!
vote semhal first african homecomming <propfemale>!!!
homecoming means coming home to what is in your heart  vote semhal hailu for 2011 homecoming <propfemale>! eiu edu homecoming login php
s t r o n g  mentoring meeting @5pm in <propfirst> basement #getitcrackin
tell the truth whenever you can  it's way better than telling a lie 
i need to be more professional  you can never have too much!
