62569c3949ff3250592e87907dfed2e3
"guesses he'll just keep moving  someday, maybe he'll get to where he's going "
is left with only mirrors watching him 
is an unfortunate slight 
"won't condone another moan when everything is fine  as for smoke without fire, he's already laid in the flames "
"is a cat  he's a <propfemale> cat  and he dance, dance, dance  and he dance, dance, dance "
"would like to say he is surprised, but reoccurrence tends to dull the senses "
"is not gonna bless you with such compliments, some degrading psalm of praise, like the kind that converted you to him so long ago "
is reading aristotle's nicomachean ethics  he'll be busy for a while 
remembers when he moved in you  the holy dark was moving too  and every breath he <propfirst> was hallelujah 
"may tire you, because he's not the boy he used to be "
"sorts through old photographs of a summer long ago and friends used to know  all eyes on the calender  devoted friends, they disappear "
hears music once again 
"doesn't know much about you kid, but he likes you because you're true blue "
knows that it's not a party if it happens every night  pretending there's glamour and candelabra when you're drinking by candlelight 
needs a good job now and would greatly appreciate if anyone knew someone that is hiring   
thinks he's cured  matter of fact he's sure  thank you stranger for your therapeutic smile 
"doesn't mind the sun sometimes, the images it shows "
"has become the middleman  the gray areas are his  the in-between, the absentee is a beautiful disguise "
"just remembered, remembered the fifth of november   ed?"
wishes he could 
will struggle through the rest of the day with the aid of a 5 hour energy shot  two hours of sleep never hurt so much 
is reading the glass menagerie in the library  there's a reason tennessee <propmale> is a legend   smile 
"is quite tired after another rehearsal, but <propfemale> is looking to be an awesome show!"
finally joined the modern <propfemale> and got a twitter  follow him if you wish  username: chrispreslar
puts his fingers on keys and he plays  and everything else goes away   
i'm ready to get out of this rut  i need to feel alive again 
caution: prancing gay boys 
had an amazing night! love for those who really care!
is watching mame!  smile 
wants to put his baby niece in a turkey costume!  smile 
is thankful he has a mother who cooks the food of the gods all day  now to dishes   smile 
celtic woman is on pbs  hell yeah!
(will sits on whoopi cushion) karen: uh-oh! did someone just inherit the wind? priceless!!!
just lost a bet  now he must clean gabe's house in a maid's outfit  no cameras please 
is doing well but has a mound of work and studying to do before semester is over  all a's and b's are in reach   smile 
wants to <propmale> the <propfemale> on an all-night avenue 
am i sweating? i think i'm sweating! when is that assignment due?! aaaaaaaaaaaargh!!!!
must get himself out   must get himself out   must get himself out   
a 98 on my psych final?! how did i pull that off?!
never trusts a heart that's so bent it can't break 
"since the operation, i heard you're breathing just for one "
"would like to feel the christmas spirit, but hasn't found much to be joyous about "
has to drive all the way to <propmale> tomorrow to see nine  fucking hicksville movie theatre!
found his rent song!
anybody know of anything going on in huntsville tonight?
i guess i have no choice but to work my life away for now 
my phone still works   smile 
is the reoccuring kind 
missed class again because of parking  called the parking division to discover they're taking away more parking to put more buildings up  anybody know where the president parks so i can key his car?
a stranger can part the clouds with a smile and a wave 
"my dear adversary, just because you prowl our territory with the eye of a hawk doesn't mean you'll catch us  we are smarter than you "
"i'll be your friend, you just haven't made me yet "
don't be so amazing or i'll miss you too much 
better find yourself somewhere to level out 
twisted 
"no, thank you  i don't have to pay for this shit "
"heading over to the party  let's do this shit, bitches! we worked hard enough!"
"when i say let's keep in touch, i really mean i wish that you'd grow up "
"got lost in the snow-covered wilderness with the person that makes me smile most   sometimes, i'm actually content "
"i realize i give off the impression of a thief with my dark clothes and bag on my arm, but target should seriously consider training their undercover shoppers in discretion "
"move forward now, the time to rest is done  but where are your keys? movement requires motion "
we are creatures of the wind  wild is the wind 
cleaning can be so therapeutic 
"to quote my mother, \i've been pimpin' all morning \"""""
got another job! things are looking up 
who let miley <propmale> into the oscars?
who would have ever thought <propfemale> would win an <propfirst>? this is glorious!
you could be happy  i hope you are 
i am thankful that someone actually receives the prize that was promised by all those <propfemale> tales that drugged us 
am i lost without you? i pray that i'm not 
"each time you turn a corner, you're right back where you were  and your only hope is that forgetting might make a door appear "
"i've seen the day of your awakening, and it's coming soon "
work was slow; tips were shit  i'm hoping for a nice evening 
"i'm not going to bless you with such compliments, some degrading song of praise like the one that converted you to me so long ago "
i guess i somehow missed the train 
"what i am to you, you do not need "
pass me by; i'll be fine  just give me time 
researching for a brand new future is daunting  so many options lie ahead 
"though being away from school has been good for me, too much personal time can have negative effects  i clearly need a hobby "
playing with photoshop can only bring so much entertainment 
sleep has eluded me  boo 
"oh, the wonderful irony of the \easter\"" <propfemale>!"""
i hate closing at work and then opening the next morning  especially if i can't sleep during the night in between 
nobody is ordering  guess everyone still has leftover rabbit 
"i have learned that nothing is as pressing as the one who's pressing would like you to believe  so, i'm content to walk a little slower "
i really need to stick to a sleep schedule 
<propfirst> burnett has still got it!
food handlers course  woot! three hours of proper handwashing!
what a tragic disappointment this place is  anyone have a one-way ticket out of here? i'll do anything 
you wander around so doubtful darling  its no ones job to reassure you 
my profile has been hacked  disregard any weird posts from me 
i had a wonderful evening at mrs  <propmale>'s  nice to see everyone again 
what a fantastic night! and it's only just begun 
i sat watching a flower as it was withering  i was embarrassed by it's honesty 
cooking up some bruschetta and pasta  vivate!
"if you don't snag him <propfemale>, i will   smile "
are you sure this is what you want? i'm not 
i am overwhelmed by the fact that i have no idea what i want to do with my life anymore 
i am the god of ditziness  statues should be erected in my honor 
your only hope is that forgetting might make a door appear 
dazed and confused makes my huntsville generation seem like a failure 
going to sit outside and enjoy the rain 
"we were meant to be creatures of the soil, not creatures of the concrete "
your constant need for reassurance is tiring 
"the film de-lovely is   well, lovely! it's hard to find that kind of class nowadays "
does anyone know of good job opportunity in <propfirst>?
i'm halfway through water for elephants  i can't put it down 
how can i miss what has yet to occur?
i think you lost what you loved in that mess of details 
i wouldn't bring up my so badly broken heart and all those months of just wanting to sleep  spring it did come slowly; i guess it did it's part  my heart has thawed and continues to beat 
"you get six months to adapt  then you get two more to leave town  and in the event that you do adapt, we still might not want you around "
a little sun is good for the soul 
"i'm making a deal with the devils of fate, saying, \let me walk away  please!\"""""
living it up with <propfemale> webb!
the party's tonight!
party is already bumping  why arent you?
i appreciate everyone whos actually here  thank you so much for celebrating with me 
leaving  just fucking leaving  taking my money and running  so few love me here  fuck the rest  peace cuntsville  ill miss you not 
"you said you don't want me to beg  then you said, \get down on your knees \"" cause you knew that i would if i'd do any good satisfying your needs """
today i begin the third decade of my life  here's to hoping it's the best yet!
thank you to everyone for your wonderful birthday wishes!
smile at me and i will stay  start to cry and i'll go away  just please don't keep me guessing 
"just saw the newest episode of nurse <propfirst>  now to united states of <propfemale>  god, to act on showtime!"
i is one sick kitteh! too bad my boss is still making me work 
<propmale> hansard=my new love affair 
eyes that know me; i can't go back 
you have suffered enough and warred with yourself  its time that you won 
"not to show that i'm in need, but i'd heal your wounds if you bleed "
apologies  candid is in my nature 
reading the perks of being a wallflower again  i never get tired of this book 
i would die for you  but i won't live for you 
read the perks of being a wallflower cover to cover yesterday  gonna try to do the same with water for elephants today 
i just got a thirty five dollar tip for driving two blocks  the universe must be smiling on me 
the hills are alive with the sound of <propfemale>!
it's 1:18 am  do you know where your mind is?
"my dear slumber, no one likes a flighty friend "
"trust me zach tatom, you dont wanna find me  i may have cared for you once but thats not stoping me from making you hurt if you come after me or <propfemale> "
i could rest but duty is calling 
i am unbelievably thankful for every single one of you  you know who you are 
drown out the voice that breaks the silence and talks the joy out of everything   you were burned out and had to walk in darkness without the only thing you care about  you found your way and blocked it out  cry alone and die alone  pray alone and stay alone 
august 16 can not come soon enough  and if you don't know the event of which i speak you are an inferior being   smile 
headed to <propfirst> in the morning for the weekend  i will hopefully return as the proud tenant of a new apartment 
stepped out of the car and breathed in fresh air  i believe i'm in <propfirst> 
i would split me muff for jigglypuff 
twenty four hour diner on the strip  what a great way to end my first day in <propfirst> 
spider house was great  filled out an application  now to rain for a little fun  i can't wait to move here 
scratch rain  at kasbah smoking on a hooka 
tire blew out today  there went the rest of my vacation money  but we spent the day on soco and swam for free  who needs money?
watched the sunrise on the drive home  now to sleep until this evening 
we may not have it all together but together we can have it all 
long time overdue: i cancelled my myspace 
one of the most stunning revelations a psychologist comes to is the fact that they aren't above the rules of their field 
going to see the midnight premiere of the last airbender! water tribe bitches!
the last airbender was wonderful! thank you nickolodeon for lessons in spirituality  lol
plans are set in motion  opportunity lays itself before me  everything is going so well!
"\in wildness is the preservation of the world \"""""
quidditch was intense  cops showed up because they thought we were hazing  lol
revisiting memories with the ones i once called family makes me remember how much joy life can bring 
"this method acting, i call it living "
what would it take for things to be quiet?
i took off my shoes and walked into the woods  i felt lost and found with every step i took 
its official  i signed my lease and will be moving to <propfirst> august 21 
viewing the large amount of online job listings in the <propfirst> area eases some of the anxiety of finding a job when i move 
inception was terrific!
"oh, my stars! <propfirst> pollan's the botany of <propfemale> is profound!"
"and let him run, run as fast as he can   don't let him grow up to be like his father, heart so set in stone and a smile so undercover and opening the door to love, never letting love in "
"when i look through the photographs and i see the smile on your face, i remember how you used to feel and i see how much has changed "
i'm dying for an adventure  i can't just do nothing 
just when i thought i might get some sleep   
i don't think so mista sista!
you see your gypsy!
boondoggles!
woops 
"someday <propfemale>, joy behar is gonna deck you one "
"don't worry, <propmale>  it'll all work out  you'll see already  in the end, it's all nice "
time to stop procrastinating  i'm not going to rest until i know my new life is secure 
i got a job before i even moved! that was too easy   smile 
two weeks and counting  so many thoughts are running through my mind 
"friends, i haven't much time left here  contact me  i would like to see you before i leave "
"and i think to myself, what a wonderful world "
i don't remember the last time i woke up this early 
the service went wonderfully  rip mooney 
"not only do i already have a job, but i found out last night i will be working full time  i is wealthy kitteh!"
you just can't  live in that negative way  make way for the positive day 
i wish i was going back to school this semester 
praise (insert respective deity here)! i am hiv negative 
"in case you didn't get a text from me last night, i'm asking everyone to come to lizard's tonight for a sort of undeclared going away party  it might be the last time i get to see all of you before i leave saturday morning "
"thank you friends for the time we've shared  my love stays with you like sunlight and air  though i truly wish i could keep hanging around here, my joy is covering me  soon i will disappear "
successfully moved in  now let's see what this city has to offer 
i think i'm going to love it here 
i've had a horrible day   sad 
i guess i should have listened when they said the idle mind is the devil's playground 
"\what a liberation to realize the 'voice in my head' is not who i am \"""""
"where have all the flowers gone? long time passing  oh, when will they ever learn?"
i now have only two degrees of separation from <propfirst> <propfemale> <propmale>!
"if godric were still around today, i'd drive to <propfirst> and let him turn me in an instant "
"if anyone heres about job opportunities around the city, please let me know "
looking forward to spending time with my lovely friends tonight!
i took off my shoes and walked into the woods  i felt lost and found with every step i took 
i'm all smiles 
headed back to huntsville for a few days to get a wisdom tooth removed 
i promise i'm going to make time to see my huntsville friends  i just need to get better first 
going under the knife tomorrow morning  i'll be able to visit everyone saturday 
surgery was a success! now i just wish my blood would clot already 
maybe it's just my meds but s^2c has got me all teary-eyed 
"my momma, <propfemale> preslar, is taking such good care of me this week "
i call upon the element of fire to get my ass moving!
"you're not really sure what you're doing this for, but you need something to fill up the days "
"with forgiveness, your victim identity dissolves, and your true power emerges - the power of presence "
"is anyone else excited about \the borgias\"" coming to showtime?"""
trust in those who offer you service and you will often find yourself in the ranks of those who have been deceived 
is anyone else having trouble with facebook?
"good morning, weekend!"
a chill in the air warms my heart 
"woo! disney character as a profile picture week! clearly, i'm megara "
i'm a damsel  i'm in distress  i can handle it  have a nice day!  smile 
i can see a lot of life in you 
"<propfirst> buble, you have my heart "
i wish spiderhouse released mix cd's 
balkan beat box is funky!  smile 
oh my god! trf is just around the corner!!!
who works for <propfemale> in disguise? <propfirst> does!
i am up way too early for comfort 
"oh, what a wonderful first day! i'm going to love this job "
does anyone at trf know a more efficient way to contact <propmale> <propmale>? phone perhaps?
my boyfriend is the sexiest werewolf ever!
you think my happiness is my way of defeating you? don't believe everything in that diary of yours 
"i know i'm a couple minutes late for national coming out day, but i like guys!"
drown out the voice that breaks the silence and talks the joy out of everything 
"pulling an open to close today at work  god, <propmale> me the strength "
i read a comic book and liked it  so <propfemale> me!
has an awesome boyfriend  smile 
i need an adventure in the sun 
i want to start waking up earlier so i can take in more sunlight  being a night owl isn't healthy for me 
hey huntsville dumbasses! the answers no  i don't have hiv  you people are pathetic 
where has my heart gone? an uneven trade for the real world  i want to go back to believing in everything and knowing nothing at all 
"when i finally get that degree in my hands (if i ever do), i hope all this financial heartache will be worth it "
back on the job hunt again  any information would be sincerely appreciated 
happy samhain!
<propfirst> is so cute while he works  i'm getting ideas that involve ice cream 
i don't feel well at all 
i've been sleeping for three days straight  i think today i'll feel better 
"holy schick, i've grown a beard "
"these are days we dream about, when the sunlight paints us gold "
i never thought i could fall in love with life again  i now believe in second chances 
"it makes a difference that i'm feeling this way, with plenty to think about, so little to say  except for this confession, that is poised on my lips "
"wish me luck, everyone! i've got an interview at fossil "
tool is epic! that is all 
<propfemale> streisand loving flower kitties!
"now that i've told my family, i can tell the world: i'm enlisting in the air force by january "
i'm gonna soldier through this asvab study guide and be the most intelligent airman in my flight!
"my hair's so short! i haven't looked this butch in   well, ever!"
the day has arrived! stick it to them death eaters! woo hoo! i'm on a potter adrenaline rush!
two hours to go! i think i'm gonna nap until the previews 
"i'm trying to be assertive  i'm making plans  wanna rise to the occasion, meet all their demands  but all i do is just lay in bed and hide under the covers "
"so, the <propfirst> theatre scene  yeah   where is it? i want to start auditioning "
"i'm sober at a club full of drunk people  this is comedy, my friends "
"whatcha wailing about, bjork?"
looks like i'm working for domino's again 
<propfirst> and i should be in huntsville tuesday 
putting on some folk pandora and doing some therapeutic cleaning   smile 
"so i stumble home at night, like i've stumbled through my life, with ghosts and visions in my sight  we are always living in twilight "
"i am thankful for my mother, <propfemale> preslar, my boyfriend, <propfirst> <propfirst> o'bryant, the rest of my family, my friends (new and old) and second chances "
"<propfirst> buble, please go back to jazz  this pop junk just isn't cutting it "
"though we may end, water flows and trees still bend "
i got the job! i'm waiting tables at macaroni grill 
this day has been super productive  it feels fantastic to get things done 
i'm gonna sing the doom song now! doom doom doomdoom doom!
lol  i vastly overestimated traffic and arrived for work fifty minutes early 
took the wrong bus and ended up riding for three hours to get home 
"after an hour on hold, my phone is working again "
i dropped my first tray today at work  happens to everyone so i'm not worried 
i have to go ou-oooot tonight! no but seriously  i've earned it 
i hate when i'm off but <propfirst> is at work  i'd much rather be working right now 
"though i may not have money, i will have a good christmas this year "
"come away o human child to the waters and the wild with a faery hand in hand, for the world's more full of weeping than you can understand "
oh curious straight boy! you hold no sway  i've dealt with one too many of you 
"my legs are killing me, i haven't eaten all day, but i broke a hundred today in tips  life is grand!"
has anyone else noticed that the full <propfemale> will be here on the solstice?
it's a marvelous night for a moondance 
i so enjoy my lunch break when i work doubles 
"it feels so wonderful to have my car back  thank you, brandyn "
bought a pair of toms today  my feet are thanking me 
a beautiful day on the river in san <propfirst> 
i've begun to feel a little restless here  i think i might make another change this summer  it's a possibility 
"\mom couldn't be more gay-friendly if she twirled a baton up <propfemale> <propfemale> boulevard in a <propfemale> costume!\"""""
perhaps i should have   
ill   again! this isn't normal 
"looks like i must call in again today  if i lose my job, i'm suing my immune system "
my pcp operates in the same office as an acupuncturist and an herbalist  i love this city 
gays! everywhere! its like a snakepit  not in a bad way  just a plethera of sybalent s's 
we're all searching for a better way to feel alive 
"you believed in your fairytale endings, now you find yourself down on your knees, like a rock that's been changed by the ocean, or a shipwreck lost out at sea "
everyone's going back to class  i hoped i'd be with them  guess i still have some penance left to endure 
i miss shsu theatre  i'm starting to think i want to go back to finish what i started 
the dog days are over; the dog days are done  can you hear the horses? cause here they come!
waterline is broken at work  i actually wanted to work today  how ironic 
it is true  hell is other people  but i no longer fear the flame 
got to work fourty five minutes early 
"and in that moment, we were infinite "
good morning world!
to remember nothing  what more could one possibly ask of eternity?
middle eastern gas station attendant attempting to speak like a college dudebro made my day 
"please, god  i just want to go back to school "
"careful, <propmale> <propfirst>  your voice has a habit of blasting my clothes off my body "
i'll be in huntsville tomorrow and wednesday  hoping to see some old friends 
it's my boyfriend's birthday thursday  make him happy or incur my wrath 
i am such a nerd  i'm completely absorbed in the history channel's program on the knights templar 
it's my boyfriend's birthday  i love you <propfirst> 
working doubles all weekend  they should just let me have a bed at work 
"to be clear, my current predicament is overwhelming; however, i have a grand journey ahead of me and in that i am content "
"in this, i see god "
the new bright eyes album is wonderful  conor has grown and flourished 
"i don't know if i'll make it, but watch how good i'll fake it "
"stay awhile my inner child  i'd like to learn your trick, know what makes you tick, nurse you when you're sick "
"memories are nice, but that's all they are "
i used to dream of time machines  now it's been said we're post-everything 
cucumber martini  divinity in a glass 
"i don't know if i can stand another hand upon you  all i know is that i should  cause he will love you more than i could, he who dares to stand where i stood "
"so knock me down, tear me up  i would bear it all, broken, just to fill my cup "
"next time i'll be braver  i'll be my own saviour, standing on my own two feet "
nope  not sleeping  that's for sure 
a lovely evening at the hookah lounge with my dearest friends 
that's the problem: an empty sky  i fill it up with everything that's missing from my life 
"it was wonderful to have met you, if only for a moment "
i want to get caught in a rainstorm out in the countryside and let it wash away my cares 
"today, i meet god!"
we've been camped out since early this morning here at the bright eyes show  i'm at the front and i'm not moving 
conor oberst hugged me!
"spring has returned, bringing new life "
to all the people who screwed me in tips tonight (which is every table i took): you must have a horrible life to be rude to and rip off a young adult who is struggling to make something of himself  i pity you 
