77df364473a2ab2677481b5cedee8e16
umm    have to be at duke at 6:15 in the am- this stinks  sad   sad  i strongly dislike camp-out and i didn't even do it!
trying to stay warm by fire whil my youth are cold in the snow skiing- pray that they stay safe- and our <propfirst> makes it through all this crazy snow!
i am officially graduated! thank you jesus!
is hunkering down at the library to finish this sermon  smile 
first sunday preaching at calvary! may god be in my mouth    or at least may god transform my words into his own   
hopes the internet is working at church today   
is tired! we did 121 boxes at the food pantry today! thanks be to god!
is learning a lot this week! weddings- funerals- what's next?
"vacation! let's see what mountain adventures we have today! out with <propmale>, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> e "
montpelier and uva today- another vacation adventure with the lockes!
young adult dinner party! wohoo!
vbs sunday! excited to e playful erience my first vbs as pastor!
had a great first vbs this week! and now to a great weekend with my <propfemale>!
nap and then on to twilight! finally!!!!
meeting- then visits- office time- then home for some rest!
nice early morning on the porch reading and playing with the puppy! and now for a relaxing day with <propfirst>!
monday monday- here we are again! had a nice weekend- and now for hopefully a nice week!
is trying to get ready for this weekend- lunch meeting- wedding rehearsal- baby crib shopping  smile  - wedding (and i am the officiate!!! yay first one) - and then preaching sunday- and off to <propfemale> to see g-ma for a couple of days!! so much to do!
is preaching this morning at calvary umc!
is in the hot hot hot town of <propfemale> with the dog and <propfirst>- visiting grandma lil! nice time so far- but <propmale> thinks it is too hott!!!!
is back home and loving the cooler weather  pray for all the momma's dropping their babies off at college today- esp  <propfemale> locke! <propfirst> will be in farmville for the afternoon evening!
is loving the rainy tuesday morning- off to church for the day smile 
had a wonderful birthday with the family and friends! and is now headed to church- and then to drakes for some more family time!
wants to feel better tommorrow- so she can focus better on the many things she needs to get done!!
lawn party at calvary! come for good food and good music!
is in harrisonburg for the day- waiting for <propfemale> to have her surgery  annoyed  poor thing was not excited about her first ever vet appointment  sad 
is sooo happy anatoth is the ot lectionary text for this week- makes up for the dishonest manager last week  smile 
has less than 8 weeks left till her family gets a little bigger- we are excited to meet you baby <propmale>!
is heading to williamsburg for kt's baby shower- fun fun! kick off to two weeks of baby baby baby  smile  plus- i get to go to the cheese shop today- that just makes the day even better  smile 
is headed home for baby <propmale> parties! be back saturday evening!
is very thankful for all the wonderful friends and family in my life- thank you for loving our little boy before he is even here!
chickafila with jos!! he surprised me and came home early this week!! yay! and then wednesday night worship!
mmm pumpkin pie blizard!! baby <propmale> likes that!
preaching today! pray that my scratchy cold voice makes it to 12!
dcom at 1! pray they pass me on to the bom one last time! it better be the last time at least before the next step for ordination!
mmm   mellow mushroom! lunch in c-ville is a treat laugh 
only 4 more weeks (and maybe less  smile ) till we have our little boy- we can't wait to meet you baby <propmale>!
ok baby <propmale>- i officially finished your baby blanket- stayed up an extra hour and a half to do it- so that means you can come anytime? ok? we want to meet you soon!!!
out on the town with my wonderful husband! this may be the last time for a while   soon we will be a party of three laugh 
yes    i am still here! for all of you that want to ask?! baby <propmale> must be on dumas time--- just taking his own sweet time- but just like a dumas the party will start when he arrives  smile 
40 weeks + 1 day! we are trying to be patient little one- but please please please let us meet you soon!
40 +2 but at least <propfirst> is now home for the weekend  smile 
<propmale> and <propfemale> saw their first snow today!!! exciting!!! we are pretty sure that <propfemale>'s new favorite food is snow- she wouldn't even go to the bathroom she was so busy eating it  smile  silly puppy!!
been back at work for 2 days now and things have been exciting! i definitely love what i do- but also really missed my little guy- weird to miss part of his day!
got a whole nights sleep! my little man is so good- he slept all night long!! i am a proud momma today!
sermonizing today- work work work so i can play when <propfemale> gets here tonight  smile  yay for great friends!
my son just took my finger put it in his mouth and ate it like a corn cob! i think maybe he is teething early?! crazy how fast they grow!!
everybody watching he duke game- watch for the really tall handsome guy in the bleachers- he's my husband!!
"-- and to clarify my mom's status- <propmale> and i skidded on the ice and hit the curb- thought i had busted my tire- the nice \waynesboro\"" rescue squad happened to be driving by and they stopped to see if we were ok- which we were! we are safe at home    no worries  smile """
i can't believe that i forgot to watch jeopardy tonight-it has been on my calendar for weeks!!!!!!! ugh    i will tape it tomorrow night  sad 
pretty sure <propmale> has an ear invection     guess we will go to the doc tomorrow!! hate that my baby feels ucky!
not an ear infection- just teething!  but still quite miserable for my little man  sad 
so excited for worship today! already feel god moving!! pray for our youth as they share their faith stories- and pray for god to use my mouth today to do his work!
i asked <propfirst> to put the girl scout cookies where i would not see them on a regular basis-so he <propmale> them on the light over our stairs- where i can see them but can't reach- yay for having such a loving husband  wink  lol
really not the best day to start getting sick- baby feeling a little better but still super fussy and boom interviews tommorrow    will need lots of prayers!
had a good day- glad to be back home    now it is just a waiting game    hopefully will know something by wednesday! now to get this fever and feeling ucky under control   maybe <propmale> will let me go to sleep early  smile 
will officially be commissioned at annual conference 2011  smile  yay!
