cd30f8c1f991e433ddadbe2ec36ca769
"misses alameda weather, but it's ok because i just got the best deal ever on the best coat ever "
just got home from my last day of work for the year !  smile 
phoneless
so much snow !! i finally had to use my 4wd  smile 
not the best weather to be moving in
snowstorm    aaaahhhh! and not a snowshovel in stock in all of baltimore 
"nice day in alameda, i'll be back next weeknd"
last day in alameda  sad 
"i have the best roommate!! just what i wanted for my birthday smile  and those nay sayers said i was e playful ecting too much, hmm"
recliner*  smile 
"learned to play \stir it up\"" on the bass tonight"""
last night in seattle sad 
opening day fun!!
i found $60 cleaining out my blazer! smile  woohoo
"love trans-siberian orchestra! rock concert, symphony, ballads, bethoveen's life story, good & evil and a light show all combined-pretty awesome smile "
"tonight=taxes, thank goodness for 24hr h&r blocks"
i might be on tv but it's all an act--i don't mean anything i'm saying 
"true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship, and pick up like they just spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been        repostif you are lucky enough to have at least one    ?"
5mph for the past 5mi ! ! ! looks like the entire state of <propfemale> is headed south for the weekend    right now  smile 
worn out from the beach  smile  i love nc !
! on fire !
oops broke my third utensil    not sure if it's my superstrength or a need for better quality cooking tools
"went to traffic court today in a country town in va, cutest lil court house straight out of mayberry    "
"i don't know what this world's gonna do\but i know one thing \this is the life for me   (baby cause i'm a thug)\all day, every day\wouldn't change for the world   (uh huh cause i'm a thug)"
"had a blast framing with habitat for humanity yesterday! today, back in the office     not so much fun   i think i prefer hard labor in the hot sun "
girls night out! woohoo   smile 
watching the fireworks from <propfirst>'s balcony  smile 
thank you rolling black-outs for my early day  smile 
"don't need the ac today, it's only 95"
"alameda here i come  smile  ceilo    just passing through right now, but will be there all week jul 25 - aug 1 so see you then !"
bodysurfing @ hukilau beach = ? it
wedding tomorrow !  smile  hope the rain takes a break
"i walked out of tamura's thinking gosh it sure smells lovely out today even though i don't see any flowers, then when i got to the car i saw that i had the lotion i was testing in the store on my nose!  i was talking to the cashier and the guy behind me in line and neither one of them told me!!"
"lovely wedding, beautiful bride and no rain  smile  loving life here !"
i can only spend so many days visiting family and hitting the beach before anything else seems overrated 
hello alameda ! and jacket weather  sad 
aloha festival in san <propfirst>    last bit of poly before vacation's over
hi regular life    two days and it's enough already 
"week 2 of no gps! it's been rough, but i'm finally learning my way around baltimore"
missing my gps  sad  need a better map
and the gin strikes again
nim's island  smile  i love kid's movies
no more handing out second chances like <propfemale> here!  i just handed out one too many and learned my lesson 
trivia!
hooray for the weekend!  smile 
finally found the shortcut from my house to the ba trail !
"dear alameda, see u in a few hours!!"
hellooo alameda   
"congratulations to my lovely <propfemale>! graduation ceremony  from dental hygienist school today, party tomorrow ! !  smile "
canned water
i love baltimore ! ! !
note to self: do not hold important things and garbage in the same hand 
brrrrr sad  come back hotness!!!!!!
?one of the strangest nights ever ? so confused ?
"during baby loss awareness week (october 9th-16th) we remember all the babies born sleeping, or whom we have carried but never met, or those we met but couldn't take home, or the ones that came home but couldn't stay  make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby  in memory of all the lost little angels"
wandering the streets of baltimore    lost my car : (
<propfemale> smith
every electronic device i own is acting up    must be a sign
another odd baltimore night    this place is crazy
mmm mmm    coming home to dinner and apple pie made by <propmale>'s mom smile 
misplaced a whole rack of ribs
i drank beer and i liked it
