7672bf51737f36f9c0e4b93ab9a29221
good thing i sorta like my job since i had to spend 32 of the last 48 hours there!  thank goodness <propfirst> terrifies i t  minions or i'd still be there!!
has anyone actually gotten their farm house with storage or a second chicken coop?
"if you can't hide it, decorate it!"
"omg, how to completely waste a whole day and get paid for it - and it's still not worth it   ok, so 3 of us are going to nashville for work   leaving the springs at 9:13   the plane ahead of us had a burned out light bulb (not kidding - landing gear indicator light)   we have no light bulbs in colorado springs   we must fly this piece in from <propmale>   but they are blocking our gate     "
"soooo our plane can't leave <propmale> to come get us for another 45 minutes    ok, we might still make our connection to nashville   maybe   well, not so fast pardner   we're gonna load you on the plane then forget who we let on and have to recheck everyone's ticket again   meanwhile, the snow we've been e playful ecting has moved in and now we can't take off - but no, you can't get off the plane - just sit there for an hour"
"so we ask her to just get us a flight home to cs  well, turns out zombies can't think and it takes another 90 minutes to lose our luggage, get us standby on a flight that left 15 minutes ago and get us a seat on the 6 pm flight - which is delayed until 7 surprise 5pm - oh and no refund because it's a weather delay (not!! - the weather wasn't an issue until 2 hours after we were supposed to leave!!) "
"to top it off, my flight home was next to a urine soaked curry addict with a flatulance problem!  have you ever tried to hold your breath for 45 minutes???     long story - never ending, i leave for scottsdale sunday night, have no suitcase until it returns from it's trip to zombieland - same airlines!!  wtf did i do to deserve this?????"
"<propfemale>fest sci-fi convention in <propmale> april 16-19!  everything <propfemale> trek, <propfemale> wars, babylon 5, v, battlestar galactica, dr  horrible, dr  who, everything!!!! sci-fi, plus comics and horrorfest next door   <propmale>, you gotta come up!"
stupid facebook chat never works
"tuesday night tv   leave me alone: don't call, don't come over, don't text me, do not interrupt glee or idol or v   i  will kill you   just ask <propmale>    <propmale>          uh, <propmale>     "
"2 more days to starfest!!  nerds and geeks and klingons, oh my   i can't wait "
"ok, now that i've had 12 hours of sleep, starfest was the best!!  i'll add the pics (with comments) tonight   hey <propfirst> and <propfemale> - nice to see you!!"
"walking for multiple sclerosis at the crack tomorrow!  supposed to be cold and wet - again!  oh, well, it's for a good cause   thanks to all of you who donated!!"
foodfoodfoodfoodfooodfoodfoodfood!   down 10 pounds but starving
day 18 of the diet      15 pounds down!  only 60 more to go!
"day 21 of the diet, 18 down, but i plan on cheating today     ribs, potatoe salad, 7 layer salad - i'll try to keep it down to bites, but      "
"day 22 of the diet, 18 down, but i plan on cheating today      ribs, potato salad, 7 layer salad, yum  i'll try to keep it down to bites, but     "
cheating bad      stomach ache and starving again    arggghhhh
day 28 - down 21 pounds
"day 34 of diet - down 22 pounds   onlr 11 more days at 500 kcal - then 1500 kcal of the same stuff for 4 weeks, then i can repeat!"
day 37 - down 23 pounds!!!
day 38 - down 23 8 pounds  yeeeee
day 40 - down 25!!
day 42 down 26 pounds - however if anyone finds my boobs tell them there was a misunderstanding - the thighs and buns were supposed to go not the boobs!!
"my dog is so wierd   he likes brocolli, strawberries and apples "
"no family here!!  worked all day yesterday, but today:  cleaned out closets then headed to the movies!!  karate kid was great, toy story was amazing and shrek 4 was pretty good too   nice cool, quiet afternoon!!"
day 42 down 26 pounds - however if anyone finds my boobs tell them there was a misunderstanding - the thighs and buns were supposed to go not the boobs!!
opps day 44 down 27 pounds   screwed up yesterday and suffered thru another 500 kcal day when i could have eaten more!!! so that's what if feels like to eat only 500 kcal without hcg  never again! (without hcg!)
"attention everyone: there's a site called spokeo com  it's an online phone book that has pictures that you have posted on facebook, phone number, credit score, profession, home value, income, # of children, & age  search foryour name  remove yourself by clicking the privacy button on the    bottom right on their website        and    follow instructions  cut, paste & repost please~"
thanks for the girls night rachy!  i had a great time having dinner with just you   i love you sweety!
my feet don't care that i lost 27 pounds aka i sit far too much normally   my feet ache soooo bad i haven't been able to walk all night!!
july 4th is two weeks post diet and i'm still maintaining a 27pound loss!!  july 18th i can start again 
thank you <propmale>; i had a great time at the renaissance festival!
dangit!!  i'm half way through my 2 week build - a model of the japanese uji-byodoi  hoodo - and the <propfemale> is missing a key piece      aaarrrrgggghhhh
when will i get more than 4 minutes to spend time on facebook?!?
yay - 41 days post hcg diet and i am still down 29 pounds!  i meet with dr  kline wed to do another round   i think i will try to drop one more before i start the shots again   it's not gonna be easy this time with all the out of state travel   oh well     at least i will be grouchy to strangers! lol 
"ok, here we go again!  day one of 500 cal   whoohooo"
"so the next time you think your job sucks, remember the 33 miners stuck a half mile underground in 85 degree heat - trapped for at least 4 months - without pay!!  (which was pennies a day anyway)"
day 8 of diet 7 pounds down
nice day off!  8 pounds down and <propmale> and i  went on a 4 hour motocycle ride to cripple creek!  of course no trip thru woodland park would be complete without a stop at the donut mill for a humongous pecan cinnamon roll with chocolate drizzle   bye bye weightloss this week!
"bad news folks!  i found the cheesecake factory in minneapolis    sad and bad   i haven't had a bm in three days so i am now having a food enema:  chili's chips and salsa, fajita nachos followed by a cheesecake factory strawberry shortcake   hopefully i can resist a 3 day binge like in wisconsin!!!   pray for me!!"
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=myo2k-japng&feature=player_embedded#!
"best movie trailler ever made for a book!!  i gotta find the book!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=myo2k-japng&feature=player_embedded#!"
"me in mn airport to <propfemale> agent:  why am i not on th 3:20 flight to sioux falls like i have confirmation for?\dummy agent:  because your origninating flight from cs was cancelled \\me:  what!?!  i'm right here!!  i didn't walk here!  wtf?  how many plans do u lose each day?"
"problem: annoying neighbors playing loud rap noise while shootin hoops in street \solution:  pull out violin untouched for 2 years due to shoulder injury and start playing \result: sore shoulder, blistered finger and blissfully quiet street!!"
disneyland in 2 weeks!!
"smelly people should stay home and shop on the internet instead of polluting my airspace   needing to vomit in public is slowing down my x-mas shopping!!  showers, people; showers!!"
blech
arrrgh!!  so i buy this cute shirt for <propfemale> for xmas about a week ago   i go to wrap it today and what do i find??   the magnetic anti-theft ink bomb still attached   i found myself at the chapel hills mall on freaking xmas <propfemale> just for that 
sad day at the <propmale> house; sneaky snake passed over night and we had her funeral today   sorry for your loss <propmale> 
itz 1240am and i just hecked in   i dont think nashville agrees with me 
"sick as a dog and the only perk for coming out here was supposed to be the warm weather - well the high today was 18 degrees   granted not the 20 below at home but with the humidity --- it is amaz-freakin-ly cold!!!  i want me warm hubby, doggy and bed!"
omg!  tv without tivo dvr is annoying as hell!!
is it wrong that me being the bad noisy smelly plane travel seat mate makes me feel a little better despite being unable to breathe?
prehensile tits!  that is the only e playful lanation for the woman driving down woodman talking on the phone with her right hand and both smoking and gesturing out the window with her lef!  must be the next evolutionary step for tpt 
arrggh!!!  no computer for days and days until i get a new power cord   facebook withdrawal!!!  pray 4 me (jk)
back from the best wedding and reception ever!  everlasting love and happiness wishes for <propfemale> and <propfirst>!
mmmmmmm  frozen thin mints
old timey pirates are soooo cool!  just got back from the <propmale> museum of  history and science or what ever - the old natural history museum!  awesome exhibit
5 admits in 2 days - a total of 27 pts      i'm wiped!!
hate the fucker!!!   he even ruins my time off!!
