c6b57b8c03ef474d089b60b665184bd0
anybody got aaa?
should be asleep    not happening anytime soon    awesome     
hahaha   lies always get you in trouble    good luck!!!
seriously    fuck hate crews that start nothing but drama   you act like children stealing g i  joes from their neighbors or some stupid shit    grow the fuck up!
so tired of stupid drama at work    ready to get drunk!!!!
so sick of work   need a change   in every aspect of my life
hmmmmm     tonight should be interesting     
"why when you sign in on the chinese (simplified) version, everything is still in english   wtf?"
"alright, work then pool hall   keep me company!"
stupid little girls annoy me   and give me something to laugh at for the rest of the day     thank you!
tired of feeling like i am always waiting   
would like to meet some new people that aren't full of shit   errands then work   awesome    
jersey kids   tonight should be wild and weird and alot of fun!!!   wanna join   pool hall around 10 smile 0-11   or call
can't breathe
just made salisbury steak with gravy for the first time and it was amazing!!!
lame   
pollstar   you make my life so easy
hates glitchy computers
boys are demanding and annoying    
"hahaha, i never watch wife swap, but i think that this is one of the funniest things i have ever seen!!!!"
"so thanks to my retardedly high fever, no bayside tonight   still hacking up my lungs, and it hurts to swallow gatorade now, pretty much have no voice, but chef boyardee to the rescue, first thing i have been able to eat in 3 1 2 days"
"i have never hated this town and some of the people that i run into in this town as much as i do right now, you are full of shit and i am over it!"
mmmmm yay for amazing news!
my amazing news just got destroyed   
evidentally you cannot lay down completely horizontally to sleep when you have pneumonia   it just does not work   
damnit   not tired and have to be up early for work! this sucks!
confused    
the boondock saints ii: all saints day finally in greensboro! whos coming with me tonight?
bar!
"this shit is becoming sooooo old    i hope you start to see it too    bar turned into drama, awesome!"
working at 9 am with sleep insomnia and being programmed to a bartenders schedule does not mesh very well   
need sleep!!!
hmmm    bourbon? i think so!
"headache, paycheck, pay taxes, oil change, find a dress for a wedding, new tires, bank    it never ends!"
don't know what your problem is    but i am sooooo far over it!!!
lame
dexter   bed
"<propfemale>, whisky, bourbon, single malt, and tequila   should be a great night!"
"k,task for the day 1  find debit card  2  shower 3  oil change  4 bachelorette gift 5  wedding gift 6  dress for wedding 7  decorate at 7 and dinner at 8 smile 0     wow woke up way to late for all this"
kung fu it like beckham!
i just got told about a fairly awesome reunion show    
just now remembered why i hate cleaning   onto the bathroom
"wow, didn't realize how high you can get off cleaning chemicals"
"wow, good morning drama"
warm   just like where my heart is 
don't know if things have ever been this awesome!
looneys tonight at 10   my birthday   adam pitts    amazing friends    be there!
"well one more birthday ruined   who wants to get trashed this weekend, i got a lot to figure out and doing it over a few drinks would probably be best    oh and thanks for all the bday wishes"
why do things keep getting worse and worse    work then dinner and probably disappointed again
"work, then waging war "
"people that can talk all the shit in the world, and play sides back and forth, but can't handle the confrontation   deserve to be alone and miserable "
"i miss all my friends that i never get to see anymore   notes to you all   screw the war, come home   there is nothing positive about 14 hr flights to africa   bartending in fl is overrated! and jersey is too cold! get here now!"
so who wants to come over and help me fork the squash?
"hahaha, this celebrity doppleganger shit sucks   ever single photo i do winds up being a blonde chick that i seriously don't think i look anything like wtf?"
ummmmm     
well damn if tonight was't interesting   
everything around me seems to be falling apart   but everything involving me seems to be just fine   odd
puppy is sick   : (
ugh   it never ends    
"ugh   work, long day ahead of me, not enough sleep, but looking forward to an awesome night tonight!"
one is officially dead    shit!
wake me when its all over   
"hmmmm, i think maybe its time to start training for a long race coming up in may   a marathon is a super super long way, but hey get in shape and for the right cause   i'm down!!!"
"ham, bacon, and pepperoni stuffed shells    i am amazing at thinking of new things to cook for dinner!!!"
i wanna represent the usa in the 2012 summer olympics in <propfemale> pong   who wants to help me start training?
play time!
having to say good bye to a best friend is the lonliest feeling in the entire world
stupid bitches always gotta ruin my plans
"i want a cigarette so bad right now, but cannot have one or i will never be able to quit    : ("
bored and don't wanna work
gonna be late   
worst night ever! assholes from the past and a stupid cunt that doesn't seem to get the picture   
needs a drinking <propmale> for tonight
"can't breathe, to many cigarettes being smoked   give me a fire extinguisher and some febreeze please"
i'm done   you win   hope it was worth it 
"errands, gym, laundry and cleaning, dinner and movies, anybody wanna tag along?"
lunch haircut work    any suggestions for the hair cut let me know asap please
people do some stupid shit!
surprised at interactions and outcomes from last night   i think i am starting to figure out who my true friends are
being as i don't have to work today i wish the pool didn't have a padlock on it so i could go get some sun on such a nice day
favorite old school movie ever! playing now! yay yay yay
if somebody brings me a dr pepper   i will share my bourbon
ugh way to pretty out to have to go into work at 5
mmmm    shower time! then dinner and <propmale>!!!!!!!
awwwww shit!!!! he is on a rampage!
beyond ready for a day off!
"wow, way to much to do before 7 am tomorrow"
clothes aren't even done drying to start packing and i am supposed to be leaving at 7 am for va   but taxes are done
way to early to be getting up for this show
half way there   
dead 
all done aside from the co-worker at the hospital   still gotta go pick him up
home   ill   starving and sore
here we go again
can't walk
dreaming big   hopefully just got my ticket out of here!
most amazing night ever!
"even having to work all these shitty jobs and deal with bullshit all the rest of the time   nothing can break my hope anymore, finally achieved success!"
wished i had more privacy sometimes
"newsflash:  \i do not have a genetic disease   i am just short\"""""
anybody wanna go to the dr  with me later to see if my foot is broken?
i mean    really?
have never hated noncooperation more than i do right now!
its whatever
"hello bourbon, will you be my best friend tonight?"
funny how easily a person can be forgotten
ignorant people entertain me!
wishes that laws and rules were still minimal and everything was based off the concept of survival of the fittest    i would surely be taking some bitches out! and still be walking free!
shut up already!!!!!!!!!!!!
"i am sick of negative attitudes and turned up noses at my work! it seems like the only people that make me smile are the patients, even if they are complaining"
going to durham to see <propfemale> easterlin 
i just got ignored by a 5 year old   wtf?!
ill 
loves how a fellow co-worker has the audacity to get in my face and try to be intimidatin
dunno if i have ever been so bored before
ice cream for breakfast!
"why am i feeling completely overwhelmed at church, when its normally the only place i feel at peace"
mad!!!
"ugh, i need something to do today   any suggestions?"
pool hall   meet us there!
hungry!!! lunch ideas?
finishing my resume   trying to gtfo gso
bad decisions? i think so!
always hoping   always let down   
wanna crawl back in bed   could sleep all day with weather like this
lazy day
"i'm pretty sure that i can't trust anybody anymore, cause i feel like everybody is full of shit now "
not sure if i have ever felt so indifferent to life and its surroundings as i do right now 
"beyond pissed   newsflash: the world and time doesn't revolve around you and your schedule!  i am sick of keeping my mouth shut to not create an argument   guess what, you are fucked up and need help!"
"<propmale>, shut the fuck up!"
why is it tied    seriously?
you seriously need psychiatric help asap!!!
"wow, going insane in this place i guess, cause i have never been so excited to get out of here and go to work"
$20 body wrap at some strangers house   should be interesting 
awkward   
3 inches in 2 hours    stoked!!!
how can such a great day turn so disappointing so quickly? i don't get it 
"work, brothers birthday, bowling and game   hopefully today will top yesterday!"
this might get real ugly   
torn on the color i should get today
drinking by the pool   anybody wanna join?
red=orange
super cute girl bartending tonight at orions and $2 yuengling pints! come play me in beer pong!
shit!!!
"wow, some people never shut up on here, its truly irritating "
i got a spider mum!
best night ever!
"gamestop, pay a <propmale>, pool and alcohol!!! join us!!"
seriously   can we take leighton out now?  i mean he definitely just proved he's not worth shit!
finally almost done with my resume so i can get the hell out of here!
i wish clothes looked the same on me as they do on a manequin
how am i ever gonna get in shape or lose weight when the boys wanna go to either <propfemale> corral or a chinese buffet?
driving east   perfect!
people sure do wear some funny things when it gets hot   yay for working at the mall
"haha, dramatic desperate girls should go kill themselves   man sluts make me laugh"
"pool bound, if you wanna join byob, but no sluts allowed, only skanks! haha"
"have never hated the people i work with or the job as much as i do now! time for a new job, fuck all of this bullshit!"
thank you for the disrespect   i really do appreciate it!
if somebody brings me a venti mocha light frap from starbucks i will love you forever   ps i work at the mall! please!
quit asking me the same thing over and over!!!!
beyond pissed   
shower and getting ready to get shitty tonight!
the <propfemale> is sick right now
"i love being blown off, really it is awesome to be ignored!"
pool time!
"when you find 2 girls that don't have many friends other than each other   stay away, they are miserable and will lie and talk shit only to make themselves feel better, manipulate situations to better themselves and are pathetic "
i think i may be addicted to starbucks   
an ex is an ex for a reason   if your past takes precedent over the present then maybe you should reconsider your future
"pretty sure that all guys are exactly alike, yet they all tell you they are different from the last rest "
nap time
mmmmm   sour patch kids and blood   how tasty
all boys are douchbags 
today has been retarded odd!
"work, cookout, ufc, party       busy busy day!!!!!!"
ruined day    awesome!
worst fireworks show ever!
never realized how much it sucks not having any power
"sometimes, some people are better left as distant memories in the past   "
time to find a new job!
"payckeck!!! job interview, meeting with the accountant then pool!!!!!!!"
i'm thinking its time for pool pong
"hello bourbon, will you marry me?"
"this strange man is watching me eat, its quite disturbing"
last night was interesting to say the least
"jesus, shut up already!!!!"
"second interview tonight, gonna be a long day, but hopefully this will be the change needed, since other hopes are just empty promises"
time to put in my 2 weeks notice and celebrate with lunch!!!!!
best mood ever! things couldn't be better! goodnight <propfemale>
my legs feel like jello from working out this morning
book or tv while i wait on laundry?
"i wish people on here would just grow up and quit this petty childish bickering   none of us care, and the fact that people use facebook to \talk shit\"" is ridiculous   grow up or shut up!"""
"goodnight gorgeous <propfemale>, see you tomorrow "
"having a panic attack and about to get car sick thanks to my dads awful driving   sweet, only 4 more hours to go   "
"wow, some people truly suck"
"woke up hopeful, going back to bed let down   back to gso in 5 hours"
4 more hours!
voluntarily working on a saturday   fun 
facebook is the devil and starts way too much drama
the fact that i am enjoying work more than going home and going to the pool is pathetic
hmmm  actually random beach trip for the night sounds perfect right now!!!
going to amies!!!
the hot dog from the guy on the corner was too good to be true
to mad to sleep and gotta be at work at 8 am   awesome!
just woke up from the greatest nap ever
really wishes leighton would stop snoring so loud 
when you find a man that can marinate and cook a steak just the way you like    he is a keeper 
mmmm   bedtime!
"work, work, work"
"theres always a new day, time to start over   "
hardest thing i've ever had to do   
pool hall and drinks later!
most amazing musician is playing tonight!!!
"slut chug with liqour, and beating the current champ! but i'm sure i will regret this tomorrow morning, uh oh   he just called a rematch"
and i win again
"don't play games with me little boy, you don't know anything   and i will make you miserable   on a lighter note   hidden track on repeat"
"someone please bring me lunch at work, i will love you forever!!!!"
i need a new life asap
"so this young childish girl that is completely conceited, narcissistic, and ignorant posted something earlier trying to make herself look like she actually knew something about life, it was an epic fail and made me smile and laugh so hard!!!"
sometimes things never change
there is always somebody that is more attractive than you   
today has been the worst day ever   ugh i need a drink!
"somebody please come meet me for a drink, i need one after the day i have had"
i'm pretty sure that i lost everything that ever meant anything tonight
"hahahahaha a message i just got:  \sometimes they troll the trolls too\"""""
where to go to? definitely out of town   maybe beach    camping anyone?
"in need of a neck massage, slept the wrong way and in tons of pain right now   : ("
tonight was bitter-sweet on so many levels
"its funny how some of the people you call friends, evidentially aren't at all, thank you "
"you would, wouldn't you"
definitely awake way to early   i guess thats what i get for staying at a friends
soooo anxious
sick : (
"learn to share, and then you can talk to me"
putt putt!!!
"wow, seriously just thought it was 11 ish"
"wanting to do something, that just won't happen, no matter how hard you try, dream or hope   is just a <propmale> bit discouraging"
"i hate people that try to hide things, and lie about them "
sometimes i speak without thinking   
"they say the mind is a powerful thing, but i think the heart wins everytime"
"gotta love people trying to hide things, real cool "
the new boy just gave me chill bumps   keep singing!
i just saw the next generation of scene   its scary 
just spent my whole lunch sleeping on a concrete floor in a storage room at a doctors office  :  
things never change   pool hall tonight
"so sick that i can't fall asleep, this sucks!"
love my life   teal juicy couture glasses for $60
"this kid named <propfirst>, is the biggest idiot i know "
"ahhahahaha, disrespectful little runts these days, go back to <propmale> "
best night ever! i win!
soooo excited!!!!!! tonight should be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
evidentally you can charge your phone off of christmas lights
"best thing i've ever heard   \i puked in my cleavage hole\"" - anonymous lol"""
"i hate you, you are the biggest asshole ever!"
"got told over the weekend that evidentially i am trying to live a <propfemale> tale that was never written for me   sweet, which <propfemale> tale is mine then?"
poker!!!
"2,500 -> 35,000   pool hall time!"
i wish i wasn't so shy and had to guts to tell you   i think you are cute   
"why is it, that i look like hell whenever somebody cute comes in?"
i think we are way to different   for you to even notice   you intrigue me 
"wow, today was nuts!!!! <propmale> show and like 4 birthdays, tonight is gonna be ridiculous!!!!!"
if only her face matched her body   
evidentially my dog likes black olives   weird 
i didn't know that you caught the clapp from having sex with a koala   classy s b  classy
i think its time to start taking my own advice 
tired of not being in control
i have never regretted anything   until now
: )
"the colder it is, the more i want to stay in my warm bed"
i love making things awkward   i seem to be good at it 
sweet!!!!!! def just got guest listed for the whitechapel   oceano show tomorrow!!!!
t minus 3 1 2 hours and counting til the fun begins!!!
why ask for advice or an opinion when you have no intentions of listening?
"excruciating pain, just wanna curl up in bed with some good movies :  "
just found out an old friend passed away    way to end the already bad weekend
if somebody brings me a large mocha frapp   i might buy ya dinner later to get you back!
omg!!! i  am about to start robbing cradles lol
"wow, evidentally some people never grow up"
shoes!!! drinks!!! crosses!!! perfect night to a perfectly awful day
sometimes i wish i had more guts
"people sure are driving like idiots today, especially downtown   wtf!"
too old for this shit!
my phone breaks and i hit 3 deers in under 30 seconds    what a way to end the night
wish i was 17 again and there was no need for responsibility
to much to do and not enough time
today could not fall into place more perfectly than it has for <propfemale>'s wedding this weekend!
i think my car is a deer magnet
this trip is starting to stress me out
woke up 2 hours later than planned   hope today turns around real quick before this 9 hour drive starts
"ummm   so i have never heard of having to pay for a continental breakfast? interesting ohio, very interesting"
"yay ohio!!!! drunk and wedding tomorrow, can't wait!!! hardcore dancing at 3 am sweeeetttttt hahaha"
way to <propmale> over for this
t-minus 30 minutes
"after tonight, i now know the future was unwanted, but now seems inevitable"
"had an awesome time this weekend,contgrats <propfemale> and <propfirst>, met some amazing people, looking forward to the future!"
forgot how comfy my bed was after sleeping in a hotel for 4 days
so excited to be starting a new chapter!!!
"anybody i find attractive and or chill and intriguing is either 1  off limits 2  taken or 3  doesn't even know i exist, sweet! gotta love nc"
my bed is way to comfy this morning
ahhhhhhh!!!!!
"\stage 12 clinger   run!\"""""
"anybody wanna come to durham with me to get ready, pre-game and help with my make up? free food involved"
"after standing in super high heels for over 4 hours, i have come to the conclusion that i could never be a stripper"
sometimes i hate fb mobile or fb for android
i have never seen anything more beautiful than the stars that were over a dark city tonight 
"lame, pool hall"
happy birthday to my beautiful and amazing mom!
i'm ready to meet somebody who is on my level
"i seem to have forgotten what it is like to love as innocently as we all used to, when we were young, like 14"
bar?
ready to go back to school and finish!!!!
bodies revealed at the nsc   best day ever!
hope <propfemale> is working     time for a change!!!
new new new new new!!!
yay yay yay i got to skype with <propfemale> in afghanistan!!!! nothing could make this day better!!! well maybe!!!!!!!!!
favorite songs for the next hour! today is perfect!
"most amazing night ever, weight lifted off my shoulders, so relieved, can't remember the last time i was this happy, and   the stars are so brilliant tonight! : )"
"aside from 2 minor things that i hope will be changing very soon, my life is finally   almost perfect!!"
"laying in my hammock, under a blanket, staring at the stars : )"
fitting into clothes you haven't worn in 6 years   is an amazing feeling haha
ohhh karaoke   what fun you have been tonight   and entertaining!
"sometimes i think boys play to many games, they can't really be that dumb    can they?"
wish somebody would come sleep under the stars with me tonight
"well, last night was interesting   "
"hahaha, jokes on me i guess  :  "
"its a sick, sad world!"
"long day, but wonderful night!!!!"
ew ew ew ew ewwww!!! that's disgusting!!!
got all dressed up and nothing to do   sometimes i hate this city!
why do bad decisions have to be sooo fun?
hot wax can be very dangerous 
let the festivities begin!!!!
i just saw <propfirst> cullen! and he doesn't <propfemale> at night!
i had the best night ever!!! life is pretty awesome right now!!
i have the most amazing friends ever!
"hello monday, thank you for being really mean so far > annoyed "
"good deed of the day, when i cashed my paycheck, they gave me $100 too much, i gave it back "
"yay for 21st birthdays! tonight is dedicated to being young, and shall be awesome!"
"mmmmm, hot home made apple cider!!! my job rules!!!!!!!"
bangs get in the way when trying to shoot pool    annoyed 
one day i will  run away into a <propfemale> tale romance and never look back 
nervous nervous nervous!!! here goes nothing   
"ugh working out so late tonight, but tomorrow is friday and this weekend shall be amazing!!!"
would you light my candle?
"sometimes, i can't help but laugh hysterically at some people's bios and quotes   some people truly are ignorant, and just plain dumb "
asthma + treadmills = bad combination
evidentially i can't drink vodka
"i love being ignored, disrespected and talked down to all in one night   luckily tomorrow is a new day, one that none of you will screw up "
bayside always comes at just the right times in my life   and senses fail too!!!
best night ever! happening right now!
last night was so bitter sweet on so many levels
pretty sure i have a cracked rib  annoyed    if so this week will be no fun!
why can't pop tarts be fat free or healthy enough i wouldn't feel guilty
"wow, i didn't know that some young people could be this immature, thank you for making me laugh for the rest of the day, i had the best day at work because of it"
absolutely ready to finish my rib piece
"new goals for the next 6 1 2 weeks before my birthday: 20 <propmale> a week, a rigorous 4-5 mile hike, and go on a date to the new ice skating rink downtown  smile "
made end of the month goals by the 23rd   bonus bonus bonus!!! sweet!!!
cleaning just became less boring since it seems to go faster when listening to stick to your guns   
"\its very important to accept each other as we are    and that's the beginning of love\"""""
"ugh i hate depressing movies, time to shop"
i think i've lost my mind   annoyed 
working out is most definitely addicting!
"i was afraid it was going to be a war zone in my house today with florida vs florida state game on today, but as long as fsu stays ahead, today will be glorious and peaceful!"
errrr!!!! that was not a first down!!!!!!!
"sometimes i wish people would think before the speak, instead of just opening their mouth and hurting you"
"goodnight stars, hopefully tomorrow will be better  annoyed "
fml   asthma sure can be brutal
"i have never been called silly by so many boys in one day, wtf is going on??"
"\biggest mistake men make in bed     not warming up the engine properly before putting the foot on the accelerator   \""  i seriously love the conversations that we have at work """
i could seriously scream right now!
mmm love cold mornings when my clutch is tight
"wow, i have never been more sick of being lied to, time for some new friends and a new town "
love love love how one phone call can change your life!
seriously sleeping in one of the creepiest rooms i have ever been in    annoyed 
"ummm, so this morning a 5 year old pulled a chair up beside my bed to watch me sleep   "
"right now there is a pissed off, disappointed 5 year old named joey   i am about to get beat up by way of snow balls!!!"
these winks are ewwww
40 person snowball fights in parking lots    awesome!!!!!!!
i hate stupid dirty girls 
"if somebody brings me a monster or some sort of iced coffee, i will love you for forever!"
somebody shoot me! pinched nerves are murder!
"wow, this is a joke   "
"my reps spoil me, especially the pharma and lens ones!!!"
sucks losing a best friend   
"only one   0527 you are a baby  smile   and i don't know jury is still out haha   things about you scare me cause they intrigue me and def kinda have my attention lol   we met at a weird time for me, and still is a little but we do need to chill again"
how is sex like snow?      cause you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last!  joke i just got told at my job!!!
"\damn i keep thinking about it and it makes laugh and get mad that i couldnt do more i keep thinking of karate films and how the get the gun and kick everyones ass lol hahahaha\"" - matty g"""
i am beyond tired of liars!
i wish snow days meant i could wear jeans to work
"wow, googled somebody, first thing that comes up   lookwhogotbusted com    nice mugshot and nice lies!"
sweetest dog i've ever met!
dog is going to the pound   thanks for trying guys
trying to get wasted tonight
"working half day, shopping, then friends, drinking, video games and movies!!!!"
my mom just screwed up hitching me up with my future hubby   merry christmas     smile 
lame lame and lame   change of plans for tomorrow   christmas with the family then out of town!
fosnauxs!
i'm thinking    bar!!!
turns out you were the joke all along     smile 
shopping then sledding!!!
ahhahaha!
"i love my job, but hate the idiots and liars i have to deal with daily!"
i have never in my life had somebody ask me for their present when i am in the middle of work    real classy!
i think i know some of the trashiest people 
thank you   my hands stay submerged in germ-x   stop touching my pens!
"hello hospital, tonight you may be my best friend  sad "
"wow! my chemical romance is the new promo song for american idol   ummmm, yeah "
"thank you for all the birthday wishes, festivities have been postponed until next weekend due to illness   details to come!"
"as much as i enjoy being single, it times like this i wish i had somebody to take care of me "
everybody is so fake now 
"i used to trust to easily, to bad i'm over getting burned "
 crying 
broken phone   loving it!!!
orions for the birthday tonight!!!!!!!
"change of plans, breakers for the birthday! text me for directions and times"
"wow, i get it   thanks, fake ass friends "
"3 shitty birthdays in a row, sweet, at least this one started out great"
"my cousin's wife is in icu right now, and they have a newborn and toddler at home, please keep them in your thoughts, and if you pray, keep them in your prayers, thanks!"
"its still dark out and i am up for work, something is wrong with this picture "
chic-fila has the best gravy biscuits ever!!!!!
"wow, can't remember the last time i left work and it was still light out   how amazing!"
you sure make it easy to hate you   go jump off a <propmale> 
"goodbye facebook, goodbye fake friends, goodbye drama, time to completely start over "
i guess if life was simple   there would be no point 
haha   you are such a joke!
sweet   another new pair of glasses!
5 kittens so far    maybe more!
last night i learned that apparently cops hate all hispanics and will side with a taliban rat regardless of the situation 
hmmm maybe a drive to calm this anger
so sick of liars 
i think this city has some of the biggest hypocrites known to man 
i feel like a child right now  smile 
make a wish!
what is all this push-pit bullshit!?
tonight   we ate ram 
i need my taxes to not be screwed up so i can finish my ribs asap!
having a nightmare about being bit by a spider will definitely keep you up for the rest of the night
these practice mcats are crazy!
some people need to just stop talking   or sign out   wow 
