71e43b166b256a0f54c637ac066adb47
new year's resolution 1 of 4: have sex to the serenading tunes of <propmale> <propfirst>'s sasla music! hahaha
"oh yeah, thats right  i'm still doin me   "
"\an admission decision has been deferred pending a review for student conduct as indicated on your application \"" - ucf admissions"""
driving crunk is better than driving drunk!!!
"breakfast, laundry, gym, work, party(with <propmale>), drink(less than <propmale>), sleep, hangover, repeat "
is homeless in 55 days and counting
is teaching <propfirst> how to play tennis today  wink 
$1700 for diff eq at uwf this summer or $250 at pjc during the spring when i should have taken it! fml
"\congratulations! you have been offered admission to ucf for the fall 2010 term \"" - ucf admissions    about damn time!"""
so i paid someone $45 to stab me in the arm earlier today for no f*ckin reason    oh and last two tables of the night left less than 10%   
so i read on msn today that relationships are more successful when the woman is more attractive than the man   where my dime pieces at!?
i'm eating sea kittens tonight
sushi reminds me of caterpillars
holla atcha boi!!
parmesan chicken and she forgot the parmesan    really?
i laugh until my head comes off
"as you sow, so shall you reap"
already have a short fuse and all i need now is a firecracker
i just want to know why you freaked out and wasted my time
made ucf orientation and back in two days   handled my business 
so i put up 6 plates on the leg press today and the short guy next to me did 18!! wtf??!!!
"all night i’ma whip that thing, all state better put a claim on it"
so in my speech class yesterday we had to present some object that relates to us and talk about it   some middle aged lady brought a freaking vibrator!!!    redonkulous
so i hope ill have more than 5 tables at work today   
"until you find yourself it's impossible to lose you\because i never had you although i would be glad to\i probably go and tattoo your name on my heart\i swear, i start to think that i'm going crazy"
i will have a good night tonight 
"i'm getting <propmale>, aah , you staying broke\chilling if even if i'm in a goose down coat"
lower your e playful ectations from people and you will be a much happier person  a lesson very easy to understand but difficult to practice 
"okay so i will be homeless once again in 15 days, does anyone know where i might be able to stay?!"
i like my music so loud i cant think about anything else 
blew a fucking speaker playing music too loud  daaannngit!
"bitches be crazy, unpredictable, and illogical  but i still holla at um    damn im a sucker! hahaha"
im in the mood to get faaaaaaaaaddddeeedd!!!
"so i definitely accomplished my mission last night    however i got $90 stolen, put a hole in my door and owe $80 for that and $35 for the liquor so a very e playful ensive night   oh and i took like an hour and a half long nap on the toilet to top it off  bleaugh!"
so who would have thought that <propfirst> kwanten who plays <propfirst> stackhouse from true blood is actually australian???
i am so incredibly bored and i can't even text anyone 
see you at seville tonight!
pensacola and myself have only 5 days left together
so i am car-less until the morning i leave  my baby got hit and is in the shop!
anyone want to hit the gym???
so last full day in pensacola and the lady i'm staying with kicked me out!!!!! just one more reason i cant wait to leave
finally got the internet back!
i cant stop eeeeeaaattiinnggg!!
i have 3 episodes of true blood to catch up on!!!
ham and cheese omelets with taco sauce   mmmmm
"so i think someone shoved a knife in my back while i was at the gym, it hurts to breathe!"
fist day an the new red lobster    wish me luuck!
"so i'm getting a little desperate for money down here   thinking about selling my body    like plasma, kidneys, heart, you know the stuff we dont use "
why is rl so slooowww???? uggh and endless shrimp starts tuesday!! crizzap
"\thanks for the compliment\"" = \""i don't feel the same way about you\"""""
every night at about this time i can hear the people upstairs having sex  i hate apartments 
"i don't fantasize i mastermind, then i go after mine\bitch its hammertime "
so i just woke up and forgot that i had two morning classes that i was supposed to go to   
"be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil walks about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour "
is preparing to fail his first stats exam  smile 
i may have just failed a test but i still have an internet connection while im waiting for the bus to leave
the tests are over and i think im still alive    dont think my gpa is though
"alexisonfire - crisis, good stuff "
i like things that remind me of nothing
"i ain't no side dish\i'm the main course\i ain't ya side bitch\you better decide bish  playful pp"
\i used to know a girl that tried to tame me,\71e43b166b256a0f54c637ac066adb47,if a wealthy guy spends a lot of money on someone what has he sacrificed? nothing  if a college student takes a girl out for a nice dinner what does he sacrifice? food for 2 weeks 
is more pumped than a just been punted puking pomeranian on pcp  punk 
i feel like shiizzaight    grrrrrrr
so anyone want to do all my homework while i go to the gym   ??
"int main(){\char loser = dbag\if(a=b && you<me){\printf(\ur dead to me%s\"""," loser\"");\"71e43b166b256a0f54c637ac066adb47,feeling that nostalgic feeling from what could have been so much fucking more  i want to vomit
phone's broke!!
ok i'm finally starting to feel those 4 cups of coffee and i'm freaking out          bleagughha!
got sleep?
"<propfemale> crap, my court date was on the 3rd day of the 11th month, not the 11th day! shizzzzaaaa"
got sleep     ?
is sick       bleauughhh
sudden and imminent death will likely follow long and arduous suffering  lets just skip to the end already! haha
<propfirst> posner and i are in a trance at the moment  no homo 
needs an addiction
i understand people so well but i am still confused by some of the things they do   
"if you're never going to change the world, maybe you're looking too hard  no synthesizerrrr    "
bad start for today but it doesnt matter because i'm still going to make this tuesday my bitch 
can't sleep  quick someone tell me all about yourself so i'll be really bored and fall asleep          
needs someone to cook for (besides <propfirst>)      sad 
"you do you, and i'll do you "
"if you don't respect your body, how am i supposed to?"
"stop trying so hard, you're terrible at it "
that all nighter for my physics final completely drained me! watchin the sorcerer's apprentice then hittin the sheets  smile 
loving life right now  smile       well except those finals of course 
"beer, cigarettes, and gum on your breath all at the same time kinda tastes like throw up   "
thanks for the birthday wishes! you guys are on the ball! haha  smile 
"2 hours of sleep, two 3 hour long finals, bombed one, got a $25 parking ticket, got blown off by the girl i was talking to(no, not birthday bj), have to clean the entire apt, do laundry, and pack for my best friends wedding! all before the adderall wears off and i pass out  happy bday me to me  smile "
"pensacola, we will be together again in just a few short hours  try not to screw it up this time "
"i got a ticket on the way down from pensacola for only going 9 over when he clocked me at 95, 20 over  dont know why he did that but that god he did!   smile "
<propfemale> shit! i got the a- in programminnggg!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
goal in life: always strive to be a better person 
always do whats right   why? 1) its right! 2) no one else will 3) people will respect you for it     real talk 
"this big azz bottle of white merlot and i have a date tonight  you're jealous, i know "
"ahh tuesday, what do you have for me today?"
"a liquid is a state of matter in which the object takes on the shape of its container, flows but with nothing to grasp   if personality was also to be described by states of matter what would yours be?"
anyone down for a movie tonight!? holla at ya boy!
you will be what you will to be 
"risk it all  risk your life, not for your own gain but so that maybe one of the hundreds of thousands of people who died last year of hunger related disease or complications from aids in other countries might hear the word of god  it's not radical, its normal - what we're called to do "
is there really one absolute truth?
just added a minor in religious studies  smile 
bowling with some big ol balls tonight   hollaaa
"thought i lost my faith today until i read de <propfemale>'s \a dialogue between a priest and a dying man\"" and realized that all atheists have got to be short sighted idiots """
i have a container of chocolate fudge brownie ice cream to myself  tonight i shall sin   
today's sermon was on growth through pain  pastor <propmale> is the man 
i just lost everyone's number so please text me!
i have to keep telling myself i'm a nice guy because no one else does    smile 
"cook out tomorrow at jimmy's: ribs, sausage, and chicken!! hollaaaa   smile "
so i think i accidently took 4 scoops of <propfirst> 3d  im freaakkin out yo aahhh
so i bought these $40 sony ear buds thinking i could return my $100 bose ones  not going to happen    dangit!
just finished the 7 hour drive back home!! whew my ears are still ringing
neeeeds cafinee! grr
is ready for a new job
why are things so complexicated between us!!??
"\i find  your lack of faith - disturbing\""  -darth vader"""
if the world's discontent becomes your contentment then why seek the world's contentment?
keep raising the bar because i'm not settling
"be yourself, everyone else is already taken  smile "
"started to do my taxes today, think i'll wait another few weeks to finish em up "
"if con is the opposite of pro, is congress the opposite of progress?"
it's not your face that makes you attractive but your smile that makes you a 10  smile 
"just being a good person for the sake of being a person is not good, enough "
"lead by example    with that said, do as i say not as i do hah"
"i believe in evolution, adamantly so  and i got this belief from the bible  smile "
"so i just saw <propmale> swardson at the arena and as it turns out, he's the funniest man alive "
i dont like to dream
it's raining sideways!!
