264008602db7d0fd31b6237fe38361b0
teehee   my husband is a college graduate!
can't wait for her day off  worked everyday since wednesday 
is celebrating <propmale>'s 22nd birthday  smile 
is waiting for 3pm so i can go home!
loved the movie defiance with <propfirst> <propmale>  go see it!
can't wait to get off work to spend time with my brother- and sister-in law!
is at a friend's house on his teeny <propfemale> lenovo laptop 
needs to move out of her apartment  so fed up with western view properties
packed the first box last night! get our keys and start moving in the 14th!
4 more days until we get the keys to the new place! so excited 
friday cannot come soon enough  then we can have the keys to the new place and start moving in!
ahhhh! tomorrow needs to come faster!
got the keys to the new place! sitting with my little neice waiting to leave for the catering job 
watched glee last night on fox  loved it! things going good in the new apartment  takes about 5 minutes to walk to the main buildings of chemeketa
had a lot of fun hanging with tiff yesterday!
has been married for a year
season premiere of house last night   loved it
had a good weekend  classes going ok so far  looking forward to my desktop publishing class!
"speech class is canceled  was my only class for the day  now, to hopefully find my books for cheaper from bookbyte!"
is mourning the loss of her horse  kat was 34!
"sitting in my indesign class, not wanting to do this assignment "
"slightly studying for office management test  yes, only slightly  it's bad  annoyed "
waiting for my access class to start
"ahhh, a day off from college  smile "
happy thanksgiving to all  hope everyone survives black friday as well   smile 
anyone want to play sorority life with me?  laugh  come join my house ^^
just my finals left to do  online classes all done  can't wait until christmas  smile 
"breathe  3 finals, 3 different days  don't jump and dance in excitement over the last week of the term "
"*sigh* back in salem, back to class  is spring break here yet?"
"let's be honest: $51 for a workbook that you can't resell is ridiculous  yes, we tear the pages out, but $51? come on! it's a proofreading class! on a better note, my business card i made for my desktop publishing class looks good i think  smile "
"saved almost $200 buying books directly from bookbyte com instead of the college bookstore  and bookbyte com has their warehouse in salem, so no shipping!"
loves pretending to spazz on out <propmale> for no reason at all  smile 
"anyone have a ruffled lemur, a sloth, and a white tiger they can gift me in zoo world? trying to complete a quest"
"3 day weekend was nice  looking forward to pestering my professor (with my <propfirst> and <propfemale>, of course!) during my in-design class tomorrow  three hours in class doesn't look so bad!"
can't wait to see my brother- and sister-in-law!
had a good time with my brother- and sister-in-law last night 
feeling a bit better  throat doesn't so much 
"sore throat went away, but stuffy nose followed  what the heck?!"
umpqua community college is coming on january 30 to play against chemeketa community college here in salem and i plan on going to watch  anyone down in roseburg or glide plan on coming up to watch them? maybe we can sit together if you are  smile 
has a new love: almond poppyseed muffins!  smile 
job hunting is so frustrating  i've put in 7 applications and have heard back from only 1   online  whatever happened to paper applications?
had an interview at lenscrafters today  it's looking pretty promising!
"i have the most wonderful husband  a beautiful <propfemale> necklace, a wonderful card, and delicious <propmale> chocolate  a great <propfirst>'s day already!"
took a drug test yesterday as partof the hiring process for lenscrafters  manager said i really impressed them in the interview process  everyone there seems friendly and it seems like it would be a fun place to work at   smile 
"\is spring break here yet?   nope?   then i'm going back to bed \"" haha"""
i had a wonderful weekend  smile 
got a phone call from lenscrafters   they offered me the position! will hear from the manager about the training process 
first day at lenscrafters was today  i really like it  everyone is so friendly  smile  can't wait to go back monday
such a beautiful day! had a nice time walking around chemeketa's campus with my husband <propmale>  if onl there were other pretty places to walk around in salem 
new shoes: check  new shirt: check  new pants: check  smile: check! all ready to go to work for my second day!  smile 
watching the guys perform on american idol  go <propfirst> lynche!
"stop tagging me in sims, calendars, and farmville photos   annoyed "
"uggh, monday's episode of house looks so good! i can't wait "
"drivers who have white or blue headlights are stupid  do you realize when it's dark out and you're behind me, your lights reflecting in my mirrors blind me?  annoyed "
"mmmmm   tomato soup with lots of crushed saltines sounds yummy  too bad i am full from my dinner of mashed potatoes, gravy, and dinner sausage   smile "
one final next week  looking forward to a break from school 
"done with finals! spring break has started  working tomorrow, and very excited!  smile "
"made bacon and french toast for me and my hubby  we \went camping\""   we slept in our sleeping bags on the floor of our spare room and played cards while we drank soda  we even had a \""fire\"" to stay warm   it was our heater haha  it was fun  smile """
"i don't understand why there is a mob of portland protestors  yes, another man was shot by a policeman  the man had a weapon and refused to cooperate with police when they told him to stand down  the man kept advancing on the policeman with his weapon  the man got shot  surprise, surprise  the policeman was doing his job by making sure the man didn't hurt anyone "
"best thing about living in salem? driving to the <propfirst> parkade, walking a few blocks to the capitol, and getting a tour of the rotunda (beautiful!), getting to see the house of representitives and the senate rooms (did you know you can sit in while they vote on stuff?!), and getting to walk the 121 circular stairs (tiring!)  the people on the tour? just me, <propmale>, and the tour guide  yesterday was sweet!"
"watched hachi tonight  it is such a touching story! if you haven't seen it already, do it!  smile "
"logged on to find a message saying someone from thailand tried to access my account around 1:50pm today  changed my password, but if you have anything wierd on your wall, i apologize "
"my ham is baking, i have my potatoes cut and ready to boil, my pineapple cranberry jello is setting in the fridge  waiting fo time to pass so i can boil my eggs, potatoes, gravy, and bake rolls  all of this for just me and my husband  i love making big dinners! happy easter!"
my eyes were and are sooo puffy today  i'm taking a medication and cannot come into contact with alcohol  guess what's in the lens cleaner at work? alcohol  guess who got sick after using the lens cleaner and isopropanol to clean lenses at work? yeah  can't wait to get off the meds 
"if you have a husband that makes you laugh, that you can say is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down, who is your world , and a man that you can thank god every night for  copy and paste this to your profile with your anniversary date      september 13, 2008  love you <propmale>  smile "
"worked most of this weekend, but still had fun spending time what time i did with my sister-in-law, her husband, and my 16 month old niece  smile "
12 days until i turn 20   377 until i turn 21  yessss!!!!
what os the point of having chemeketa elearn and my chemeketa email if the professor doesn't use it to tell us class is canceled? luckily i live behind campus instead of having to commute to class 
"is going to be 20 in a week  not long until i can go to a bar with my husband, even if i am not buying alcohol  i hear bar food is good ^^"
"do you wear glasses? do your glasses need a screw tightened or replaced? lens fall out? need an adjustment? bring them to lenscrafters  we do free adjustments  tomorrow is also the last day of our 30% off sale  when you buy a frame and lenses, you will get 30% off your entire purchase  accessories are also 30% off  don't miss out!"
"today was the first day of lenscrafters summer sale event  select frames are 25% and 40% off  polarized sunglasses are 30% off  lenscrafters is the trusted partner in helping you see and look your best  that is what we do, that is all we do  come to lenscrafters!  smile "
"in 2 hours, it will be my birthday and i will be 20!  smile "
"my hubby brought me breakfast in bed, and one of my presents with a card  in the words of dug from up: \aw! it is a good birthday after all \"""""
"thanks to everyone who sent me birthday wishes   smile  i tried to comment back, but there were so many! i am blessed to know all of you "
can't wait for spring term to be over  would rather be working at lenscrafters than going to class 
"is in love with celtic thunder! look them up and listen, they are amazing!"
"with summer around the corner, do you have a good pair of sunglasses? wearing sunglasses helps protect your eyes from the harmful effects of uv rays  polarized lenses are better, but get a good pair of sunglasses!"
"oh my   jus listened to summer girls by lfo, which led me to listen to the backstreet boys, which led to nsync, which led me to   other 90's songs  *sigh* good times "
just watched ponyo by hayao miyazaki  it was so adorable!
"dear 10 o'clock fox 12 news: i have been waiting 30 minutes for a certain news story  i am tired and you haven't talked about it since you gave us the teaser at the beginning  your morning news with <propfemale> grauert, <propmale> ferryman, and <propmale> <propmale> with weather is better  good night  *click*"
"series finale of 24 was amazing! glad it turned out how it did, instead of the way i thought it was going to  annoyed "
for my east coast friends: american idol has not showed here on the west coast  please stop revealing things about it  annoyed 
"wow, <propfemale> bowersox and alanis morisette  they sound so much alike! what a good duo on idol tonight!"
went camping last night at detroit lake  it's hard to start a fire when the sky decides to rain on our firewood and what little fire we had going   annoyed 
"one final tomorrow   at 8 a m  hopefully i am awake enough to pass my advanced document production final  you would think typing a letter and memo would be easy, right? o o"
drove down to roseburg monday have neer driven that far on i5  watched my littel brother graduate from 8th grade  brought my brother up with me today  he will be spedning two weeks with me and <propmale>!  smile 
"had a great time on my brother-sister day yesterday! visited our grandmother, grabbed some food at sonic, acted like little kids at toys r us, danced like dorks to a song in my car in the parking lot of walmart  it was fun ^^"
another day at lenscrafters   smile  30% off complete pair of glasses and 40% off sunglasses with the featherwate polarized lens  good sale!
loves arguing with my husband over who loves who more  laugh 
*sigh* wished my father-in-law and step-dad a happy father's day  wish my father was alive to wish him a happy father's day   sad 
my 18 month old niece is running around in a green tinkerbell dress nighty with tinkerbell slippers and a headband  she is so adorable!  smile 
"ok, the tinkerbell outfit got soaked   on to the <propfemale> and the frog set! <propmale> is so adorable  smile "
"i love summer  the smell of a barbecure, the taste of ribs, family get-togethers  my favorite time  smile "
sat on my mother-in-law's kitchen floor with my niece with a plate of cut up strawberries and ate them with her while she told me a story   in her baby-babbling  smile 
what do you mean it's already friday? i had a great time here in roseburg! packing up to go back to salem  my husband turns 23 today! happy birthday <propmale>!
i love working with <propfemale> hansen and <propfirst> lute ! <propfirst> lute
"has made the dicision to study for the november abo test  i thought i would be getting one book to study from  manager handed me 7 different books and 133 flash cards! i sure have my work cut out for me  optician's license, here i come!  smile "
*sigh* i wish <propmale> petty would come to portland  i would definitely buy tickets!
"so excited  after i get off work, <propmale> and i are going out for dinner and seeing avater the last airbender, which plays at 9:40pm tonight! i love dating my husband  smile "
"went to cinnebar with the hubby last night and saw avatar, the last airbender  it was great! they totally set it up for a sequel! after we got out of the movie, some guy stopped us and told <propmale> he had an awesome mustache! it was hilarious  smile  date night started off bad (the mall closes at 8pm, so we didn't get to go to the place we wanted), but overall, it was great "
"had a good time hanging out with <propfemale> bebb, <propfirst> badgett, and their pup <propfirst>  picked so many blueberries yesterday! this winter we will have lots of yummy frozen fruit to eat "
someone hacked my email this morning while i was asleep and sent everyone on my address list an email with a link  checking every website i visit to see if any of my other accounts were hacked
oh  my  gosh  i love the lego store at washington square! picked up a bunch of pieces to use for building things  what batter way to make a relationship stronger than by building a town together?  smile 
"had a great day yesterday  went movie hunting at fye and found a collectors set of aladdin, which contained a platinum 2 disk edition of the movie, the making of aladdin, and character portraits for $24 99! then <propmale> out with our friends <propfirst> and <propfemale> and got to go to my first drive-in movie in <propfirst>! they played sorcerer's apprentice and knight and day  both were great! didn't get to bed until 3 a m  though haha"
"already been up for 7 hours, and i still have to work from 12pm-7pm  just got back from taking my mother-in-law to the portland airport  man, is pdx huge! my first time at an airport haha"
got clear internet today and a wireless router  now i can sit in my apartment and play on the internet without it dropping!  smile 
"it's nice to have a day off, but now that <propmale> is working, i don't have anyone to spend it with  *sigh* well, at least i can clean the apartment and play on the internet while he is away "
"i hate spiders  i especially hate them when they are on my ceiling and i have no thing that will effectively squish them  luckily, i have hairpsray  he fell behind my clock and i haven't seen him yet  hopefully, he's dead  off to clean my apartment while my laundry is going!"
really wants the new mazda 2 in that sweet green color ^^ or a house  either would be nice
"had a wonderful time celebrating our 2 year wedding anniversary yesterday  went to mcgrath's fish house for dinner and had endless prawns  <propmale> liked the coconut prawns, and i was more favorable to the teriyaki prawns, though the parmesan prawns were delicious, too! can't wait to see what the next year brings   smile "
"surprised my hubby with the new <propfirst> hood movie  we watched it while we had dinner (lime chicken, rice, and a salad)  he liked it  smile  i feel like a good wifey"
"we get our new furniture today! well, everything except for the lamps   annoyed  but a new sofa, loveseat, a glass-top coffee table, and matching glass-top endtables! so excited "
"love our new furniture  went to target and pier 1 to find some nice coasters, but coudn't find any i liked enough  did come out with 2 nice candles and candle holders to put on the cofee table  smile "
"finally done with homework  spent more on my books thank i wanted, but bookbyte saved me money once again  smile "
"made a delicious dinner of lemon pepper and <propfemale> chicken, white chedder shells pastaroni, a side salad, and for dessert i made banana cream pudding with vanilla wafers and sliced bananas  it was wonderful!"
my chorus class is doing <propfemale> by vivaldi right now  the entire score  one of the movements is domine fili unigenite  any old ghs choir members remember that song?  wink 
can't wait until i can see my sister again! and my neice <propmale> ^^
"love my husband  he surprised me with some pretty flowers at work, then gave me avenged sevenfold's newest cd when we got in the car   smile  can't stop smiling!"
we finally started going over domine fili unigenite in choir today  didn't take me too long to get back into it  i still have most of it memorized  just need to fine tune it!  smile  and ave verum corpus by mozart: absolutely beautiful 
"painting my nails black and orange while listening to vivaldi's domine deus  i want to know that song inside and out when i audition for the solo in choir  smile  it's a beautiful soprano part, especially when paired with a violin "
"off to watch hellcats, then to bed for classes tomorrow  exciting!"
working on my electronic calculators homework in the library 
dear stomach: stop feeling like crap! we have work tomorrow  annoyed 
received my paperwork telling where and what time i take my optician's test! only 16 days until i take it 
was canceled on by my payroll group   again  this does not bode well for the group payroll project   
went to dinner at round table tonight  there was a guy who did balloon animals and other stuff  he made me a ninja turtle  it is awesome! pics up soon 
"wow   i got to sleep in until 9 a m , ate breakfast at 10 smile 0, and am just now going to take a shower  know how long it's been since i got to do that? quite a while  i feel great! now, to go be productive   "
5 days until my optician's test  feeling the stress 
*sigh* wish i had done better in geometry and my other math classes  i wouldn't have had to spend so much time on prisms  4 days until my optician's test!
"feels really good about my optician's test  won't know how i did for about six to eight weeks   annoyed  now, i can focus more on my schoolwork!"
"me (while talking about bing vs  google): \i'd rather be google'd than binged!\"""""
"chemeketa community college is closed all day because of snow  now, i can get caught up on my homework!"
"walked outside to pick up the mail i haven't checked in a couple days  it was so cold outside! as soon as i got inside, my glasses fogged up! how lovely  smile "
"hmm, i think it's bedtime  i've been up since 3am "
mmmmm <propfirst> in the box tacos  one of the best cheap dinners for college students since chips and salsa ^^
"tripped on the stairs at choir rehearsal and hurt my knee  nothing broken or cracked, but it hurts really bad   annoyed "
two more classes and a choir performance and i am done with this term!
hmmm   i'm actually kind of sad fall term is over  i need to plan winter term out
went to dinner at thai orchid with some friends  i decided on the pad thai  it  was  delicious! it tasted as good as the pad thai my mom's thai friend made us years ago   love  and it was reasonably priced for the amount of food you got
saw burlesque tonight  amazing  i totally want that movie   annoyed 
"anyone know how i can stop receiving notifications on facebook when someone send me a request for a game? it's pretty annoying to log on to 20 notifications and all of them being \_____ sent you a request in frontierville sorority life castle age\"" etc """
"waiting to get the keys to the new house  feeling better, though my voice sounds real husky  i hope it comes back soon "
wants to wish everyone a very <propfemale> christmas! got the keys to our new house and are loving spending time with family   love 
"is pretty much completely moved into the new house! all of the furniture is in, just a few tidbits left in the apartment  love "
"spent 25 minutes this morning looking for a parking spot at chemeketa  i'm glad they are building a new building for the nursing students, but while they are at it, can they add more parking? please?  smile "
doing online business homework   why is the website taking forever to load things?
"happy the ducks made it tot he bcs, sad that they lost   heart-broken "
"smells like bleach and comet, but finished cleaning the apartment! just need to turn in the keys and we will be done there  smile "
freakin' passed my abo! which means i am now a licensed optician  love 
aerosmith's dream on   awesome  glee's version   good too  not sure which version i like better  the version i grew up listening to with my parents? or the remake? hmm   
"\show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and i'll show you a-flat minor\"" bahaha"""
"hey american board of opticianry, where's my license you are supposed to send me for passing? =p i am getting anxious to hold it!"
"really hates when people are in such a rush they pass others in a school zone  i don't care if the speed limit past the school zone is 55 mph, you can wait "
super excited about going to washington square with <propfirst> lute! it's going to be a blast  smile 
had a great time visiting sunglass hut (all 3 of them!) and lenscrafters with <propfirst> lute at the washington square mall yesterday with our anniversary vouchers  can't wait to see her <propfemale> sunglasses and for my rayban sunglasses (with the awesome rayban rox lens!) to come in!
"omg! super excited about going to see avenged sevenfold and stone sour in concert this sunday! will have to book it to get down to <propfirst> in time from salem, but it's my first real concert!"
"concert last night was awesome! avenged sevenfold put on one heck of a show, loved getting to watch stone sour, hollywood undead was good, and new medicine opened! i got new medicine's cd, signed by one of the guys, and the lead singer also signed my ticket and gave me a hug ^^"
"got my new nametag today! it says annoyed alyssa\optician\abo certified"
"homework is totally done, and it's 12 smile 0 a m  i have to be up work in about 8 hours  - -"
can't wait to see my brother- and sister-in law today! i  love  my <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propmale> <propfirst> and my <propmale>!
"1 discussion question, 1 test, 1 final for psych  1 exam and 1 final for intro to business  2 class sessions and a final for capstone  this term is almost done! college graduation is around the corner  wha am i going to do next? sleep  night everyone =p"
"well, just my final for my online psychology in the workplace and the final on tuesday and i am finished with this term  3 months until graduation!"
scratch that last post---just my final on tuesday and i am finished with this term   love 
done with this term  can't wait until sunday when i go down to roseburg to pick up my little brother and bring him to salem for all of next week!
"cleared my junk folder in my email, and i couldn't help but laugh at one called \pmp certification\""  all i could think of was \""do they want me to be a certified pimp?\"""""
"had a good time visiting my mom this weekend  brought my little brother up for the week  aaaaaaand my optician's license came in! now, to get a nice frame for it  smile "
"had to drop chorus since i can't attend rehearsals for a play outside of class time  couldn't get into a lot of classes i wanted since they were full  soooo, i get to take principals of marketing online  thrilled  not!"
"it felt sooo good to go for a run today in the neighborhood around our house  my legs are already sore, but it'll be worth it  smile "
went to perfect look and had 4 inches cut off my hair! i also bought a box of hair dye and made it more of a reddish-brown  pictures coming soon 
"i realize that my hair dye instructions say it's best not to shampoo your hair for 24 hours after coloring, but i am not going to class without a shower haha  i do not own a shower cap =p besides, it's been about 22 hours since i colored it  close enough? i think so "
"seriously chemeketa, why would you take elearn down? don't you know i need to do my homework?"
"started working at eye focus nw (doctor's office next to lenscrafters), and i have to say i like it  i like learning new things! checking in patients, pretesting visual acuity, using the autorefractor, all of it is nice "
"hit a squirell on my way to work today  i felt so sorry for the little critter! he looked scared standing in the middle of center street, and then he ran under my car  i wanted to cry when i got to work   annoyed "
"greatly dislikes keyboarding classes  i doubt my employer will ever fire me for not typing with the proper fingers as long as i get my job done  besides, i can type way faster doing it my way!"
