fcacbe6538aa9a947b9a8d81dea4f62d
has job(s)!
is freaking out because her step-dad is in a mexican hospital   
really needs her celexa  badly  now  gimme 
is tired and doesn't want to be here  save me!
"wishes she had a good book, a blanket, a boy-o, and a heater in a cabin back in alaska to curl up with on this rainy day   "
is curious to know if she has h1n1   must investigate further   for science!
is transforming into pure nostalgia as she listens to c w  mccall   i love my childhood 
"is feeling lazy and a <propmale> pissed off but is trying to calm herself with \girl genius\""   """
is feeling like dressing up in some buckles and goggles and slapping on her nerdy glasses  if only she had the spark 
"has 7 hours and counting before she gets to see the red-haired wonder that is <propfirst> burnett! (seriously, if you don't know who she is--look her up! she's amazing!)"
is pretty sure she caught a chill last night walking home from the bus stop after seeing <propfirst> burnett  totally worth it? maybe 
"just read through the first \chapter\"" of her nanowrimo story from two years ago  damn i'm good """
does not want ochem test today! does not want!
wishes she had something to cuddle with  it's not looking to be a happy night   
recieved 2 of 4 packages today and is having way too much fun looking over a japanese exchange student's shoulder as he surfs the japanaweb  i should finish stuff now 
scored a 89% on her organic chem exam and could have done better if not for some stupid mistakes! *shakes fist* the gauntlet is thrown ochem! i accept your challenge!
"loves prof  greer to death, but seriously the man needs to learn to upload things faster!"
"has nothing to do today  somebody should come give her something to do! in the meantime, i'm off to watch <propfirst> "
feels sleepy without feeling sleepy   i think it's a comination of the g33k b33r (a rootbeer energy drink) and the <propfemale> corn   
is beginning to think that living off campus is making it that much easier for life to go over her head   
is really wishing yet again that she could have attended her sister's wedding   
is in no mood to put up with your lies or any of your manipulative shit 
is going to barracade herself in her room for the rest of the night studying her brains out  hope the pie (ochem exam) is frickin' worth it!
"just reached 5,207 words  she's ahead of nanowrimo schedule!"
is tired of everyone making her cry 
they will not force us  they will stop degrading us  they will not control us  we will be victorius 
currently has a b+ in organic chemistry and intends to raise it up by the end of the semester! rawr!
"is sick and tired of being the straight-ally doormat! yes, i understand - i'm a woman who likes men, therefore i \can't understand what you're going through \"" doesn't mean you get to treat me like shit!"""
"still can't feel her toes or fingers, but is happy she spent four hours today fighting for equality!"
is feeling yucky-icky-bleh and doesn't want to be here   yet here she sits 
sold her integrity for a dollar  thursday night had better be frickin' worth it!
loves her boyo more than she could possibly say   and it's not just because she got an early christmas present   
is still feeling a bit shakey and unnerved after her ochem exam   
less than 2 days 'til the sun    anyone want to give me a ride to the airport?! yah ya do!
"feels like death warmed over and her stuffy nose isn't helping with the whole \wanting to sleep\"" thing   """
"still doesn't feel well at all and instead of writing a microessay like she thought she had to, she now has to pound out a 2 <propfemale> essay on a religion  hinduism, here i come!"
"<propmale> final film down, two papers for cancer bio to go and then maybe some sleep  might even fit some dinner in between then and now   good luck wishes welcome "
is going to finish this darn journal today if it kills her! grawr!  p s  i hate you serenity! you and your malware!
"is ready for whatever that final has to throw at me tomorrow    also ksua rocks! they are playing \be prepared\"" from the lion <propmale> in <propmale> right now!  laugh  i knew there was a reason that i still loved fairbanks!"""
is done forever with cancer biology   i think i shall miss it 
did not recieve the alert about the drunken-knife-wielding-cupcake theif  apparently her life doesn't mean much 
has so much dead skin!   and an ethnography to write!
"wishes she could have sleep   but no, she gets to study for her ochem final! 5 smile 1 pm will be a very good time today   "
"has finished her finals and now has to suffer the thought of dragging a suitcase plus two laptops to the bus stop   seriously, is anybody with a car left in the fogro on friday?"
is now coming in on flight 191 at around 8:10 pm  she also officially hates <propfemale> airlines now for making her sit on a full airplane for over 8 hours total 
"heading back up to fairbanks on tuesday and i demand the following when i get up there: friends, family, festivus, good thai food, and chena hotsprings  you have been warned "
is looking forward to a fabulous festivus!
is so excited her books aren't going to cost that much!
"let it never be said that i don't try, i don't fight for what i believe in or what i want, that i don't laugh and that i don't love   "
is t-minus 1 day frrom leaving her lovely state    *sad face*
"misses alaska already   a small part of it might be because there's nothing to eat in the house that's not a condiment or an oily instant noodle dish   it's mainly family, friends, and boy-o though   "
"first day of school was a success   hopefully the trend can continue into tomorrow, next week, next month, etc "
"what the heck facebook?! just when i get you figured out, you change again  tricky b*tch "
"gosh darn it \philadelphia\""   i had managed to go the whole week without crying """
"3 characters and couting  <propmale> really needs to stop stealing people from supernatural  i've already seen a brain cancer patient, satan, and <propfirst> hain  who's next, the reaper?"
"signed up for pacific idol  public humiliation, here i come!"
feels icky and is living for friday afternoon at this point 
attended first college party last night  girls falling over themselves and guys trying to catch them in convienient places  not really my scene 
didn't get anything for <propfirst>'s day   
"hoooo my god guys, what song should i do tomorrow for pacific idol auditions? at this point i'm seriously considering doing javert's death song from the <propmale> mis musical! talk me down guys! give me suggestions!"
is angry  grr!
is quite peeved since people are being frustrating and stubborn about spring break volunteering  get organized people!
"has had a hard day's night and was really looking forward to talking at her boy-o tonight  alas, no dice "
has too much to deal with and not enough time or money to do it all  i really wish life had a pause button 
hates being a woman   ladies and some men should know why 
has one more test to go today  pray to the ochem gods as well as those who look kindly upon immunology for this lowly mortal is gonna need all the help she can get!
only has a critical book review left to do and then she's pretty sure she'll be through with midterms  she hopes 
"dear polysci paper, i know we spent all that time together last night and i really like you   but i think you'll be happier with my professor "
people are giving me headaches today and now facebook seems to be joining in on the fun  all i need now is for there to be whining and moaning on the way to back from berlin inn and my day will be a complete failure 
wants her spring break too   v_v
is crossing her fingers for future plans and awesome times!
almost died last night in industrial portland because of a sadistic bus driver and now can't seem to focus on homework   i think it's the stress of the ordeal   
is really not feeling up for tuesday right now   but spring break is on the horizon and that is giving me momentary hope 
2nd night in a row with no boy-o   he'd better not be dead in a ditch somewhere   
thinks that there are times when people shouldn't take her status updates so seriously  anyone else want to give me crap about my last one?
"has almost all her homework done and then she can get to packing! san <propfirst> here i come!   again!  now she must dash and jam out to \start wearing purple\"" by gogol bordello!"""
"has sent out some e-mails, let's see if there are any bites for summer research at uaf!"
"is calling shenanigans on <propfirst> evans  he can't be in push, be the human torch, and be <propmale> rogers  doesn't work "
is quite angry with the library computers  way to spoil my morning homework plans guys   
"swears her taste in anime makes her a glutton for punishment  they all end in blood, death, and cliffhangers!"
"happy easter to all! whether you celebrate the fertility goddess or the risen lord, hope you have a day full of sugar buzzes and good times!"
just finished watching tron and is now not sure how she feels about a sequel   though apparently the video games made a nice segway to it  so i either need to play some video games before december or forget how happy-go-lucky the first movie ended 
"food, homework, sleep  rinse and repeat until friday at 2 pm  might work in a shower in there somewhere too, but no promises "
hollywood is running out of ideas hard core    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=c_vmzq7r-qm vs  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=necy4hh1wjg
11 hours 'til organic chemistry and my brain doesn't want to absorb! d:  damn all that trivia that i stuffed in there over the years!
just discovered by being curious about someone's profile that there are sisters of perpetual indulgence in alaska  this makes me far happier than it should 
eating dinner didn't help my deutsch schreiben skills any   just gave me a stomach ache 'cause i think that soup was bad   playful  darn this whole poor college student biz! half <propfemale> of ceija stojka to go and then some polysci reading before bed 
has a summer research position in fairbanks and juneau! booyah!
is lookin' for fun and feelin' groovy   
i retract my groovy statement  i just want to crawl into bed and hide until summer 
"is participating in day of silence, so please don't try to call her before 5 pm oregon time  ^^;  love "
is conflicted  i'm really excited about seeing <propfemale> and everybody tonight but my last e playful erience with trimet was nothing if not horrible   
had an awesome time at <propfemale>'s last night and hopes to do it again soon! maybe with more people from her generation next time   ?  laugh 
"needs to get on the ball for drag dance!   but first, an immunology exam  eeep!"
"has discovered that listening to muse's \the resistance\"" album greatly increases the effect of reading about the battle of seattle   """
"is not in the mood to \respect your authoritay\"" today   """
is gearing up for drag show tomorrow night at 8pm!  <propmale> <propmale> dyke will be there in full <propfemale>!
"had an awesome time at drag show! she's also pretty sure she creeped out <propfirst>  sorry dude, you were just a sexy, sexy cheerleader   "
stress   stress   stress   stress   stress   stress!
<propmale> test over   now papers and more tests and finals to look forward to! at least i get wednesday relatively off  good luck senior buddies!
"is getting even more excited about the summer, but it looks like she's going to have to get over a hurdle from the past that is becoming a pain the patooty!"
has been a b*tch to so many people today  sorry to those who have had to endure my pissy-ness  i promise it'll be gone by next week   ^^;
feels like a creeper 'cause she found her acting teacher's music on myspace   after about 20 minutes of searching   ^^;
"i want to be back up in alaska, for it to be summer and finals to be over, and to be in bed with the option of being awoken by the sun coming in through my window rather than my harsh alarm  if friends, family, job, and boyo could work their way into the scenario i would also be happy "
going to the choreographer's showcase reminds me yet again how much i wish i cpuldve done something up til now that warrented flowers  self esteem down 5 points   sad 
"is thinking that this summer is going to be awesome!   if only i can get through all these papers, exams, presentations, and finals   laugh "
curse you ironman 2! why must your free midnight showing be the night before an exam at 9:15 am that i must do good on?! cuuuuurse yoooooou!
is turning off here phone and logging off of the internet  these organic chemistry lab reports are happening now!
lab reports are done! now all she needs to do is fill in some conclusions in her lab notebook and then sweet unconciousness for a few hours (hopefully)   
organic chemistry lab final = done! but there's still so much chemistry to do!
just finished an awesome episode of supernatural! now back to a few more hours of studying and sleep!  smile 
"wants to frolic, to gyrate, to dance!"
"lacks motivation and really wants to hear from some people back home  and now, back to forcing myself to write this gorramn immunology paper!"
loves and misses her mother and is so sorry that she couldn't be with her on this special day!  love 
my job is posted! yay! now i can apply for it and get it and then everything will be butterflies and rainbows!
has severe tummy rumblings and a splitting headache  bets on how this is going to turn out   
"has a song stuck in her head that she wants to know the name of  i know it has a guy sitting at a keyboard singing something along the lines of \ba-da-da-da-doo-da-da-doo bum bum!\"" and then he breaks into a cresendo and then it repeats and that's the song! there are no lyrics so i can't look it up and it's driving me insane! \",fcacbe6538aa9a947b9a laugh 81dea4f62d,keeps getting reminded that there are no happy endings   and this just makes me want to cry all the more 
"reading day! then finals on saturday morning and tuesday afternoon back to back from noon to 9 smile 0! awesome end to the semester, eh?"
"is officially feeling the not-good-stomach-feeling of finals  today = memorizing everything from immunology, ever, and correcting a <propmale> essay that i thought i did good on, but apparently not  let's do this  rawr "
"done with immunology! 2 down, 3 to go! keep the prayers and good vibes coming people!"
drunken parties at her house does not a happy <propfirst> make  perhaps she should reconsider her 21st   
"this paper is losing critical amounts of motivation  quick, someone fetch me some motivation, stat!"
"three finals tomorrow and then i'm done! totally blasting \school's out\"" by <propfemale> cooper as i run out of the building at 9 smile 0 pm  should be excellent """
has never felt this sick to her stomach over finals  this bode well for anyone?
being done with organic chemistry is kind of bitter sweet  i got to use my model <propfemale> one last time  i actually feel tears welling up behind my eyes  probably because i am so close to being home free i can taste it!   (it tastes like freedom and fish by the way )
"welcome to packing frenzy 2010! this years computition looks tough, it's the seasoned packing veteran verses a room that has been left to ruin because of finals studying! who will win?!"
so close to going home! can't wait!  smile 
"watching the historical inaccuracy that is \inglourious bastards\"" at 8 in the morning  my final memories of this house will be focused around <propmale> pitt killin' nazis!"""
"things i have witnessed so far at the portland airport: neckbeard + bluetooth = incredible jerk, apparently wearing arabic language on your shirt still puts you under incredible suspicion, and a woman leaving a message on the phone of her fiance saying it's over before going over and making out with the man she is supposedly leaving him for   interesting day  \arriving in fairbanks tonight on flight 127 at 11:45 pm!"
can hardly believe she's home in her own bed  i've missed you alaska! let's have some awesome times this summer!
hadn't realized before that thor is being played by <propmale>'s dead daddy in the latest <propfemale> trek   should be interesting come next may 
is going to be doing busy work for most of the summer and is loving it!
"doesn't really feel that different now that she's 21, but knows she is loved! thanks everybody!"
"x-rated vacation + phonecall from god + raspberry kamikaze = tipsy, successful 21st! thanks again for the birthday wishes everyone! hugs and loves to all!"
"at <propfirst> <propfirst>'s for <propfemale>'s 21st, listening to the worst two-man cover of \i'm so lonesome i could cry\"" ever  i now know why drunk people are prone to throw bottles at musicians """
it's memorial day and i  love  my brother-in-law  das ende 
first day of work up at uaf!
"apparently gets to supervise high school boys, one of whom is my boss's grandson  should be entertaining  oh yeah, i'm living for the weekend "
"is trying to slow down, 'cause she moves to fast, and will attempt to make tomorrow morning last "
wants to frolic in the rain!
"really wants to soak at chena hotsprings, but that seems ridiculous in this weather  how can sitting in a rolly-chair all day make me this sore?"
feels like writing tonight   someone give me a prompt!
is trying to think of anything that i have that looks 80's enough to wear tomorrow   
"pities herself 'cause she was foolish enough to go to the midnight showing of \the a-team\""  p s  easter egg totally isn't worth it if you never watch the original series """
dd-ing at a party with people who have given me reason to never want to see them drunk again   could get interesting 
heck yes tonies!
"another day of itchy throat, runny nose, nauseous blues   but work calls!"
"found out today that she works for a 70-something, male gleek   is unsure what to think of this   "
is thinking about buying some spray paint for an old friend 
rip <propmale>
has the sudden urge to obtain cute clothes   
solstice weekend! it officially begins after work!
happy father's day and solstice for those up in alaska! of course it would be raining today!
is pissed off at stuff that is beyond her control 
"feels  the need to <propfemale> out with friends she has neglected to <propfemale> out with people who have made themselves unavailable  they know who they are, tricky little devils "
is learning to stop worrying and love the bomb  kthnx <propmale> kubrick 
"girl with the dragon tattoo: good movie, but approach with extreme caution! not for the kiddies!"
has finally found something dainty about herself  she has dainty toenails 
"feels her polysci brain kicking in after hearing about the g-20 summit via the daily show  thank you prof  boykoff, wherever you are "
is feeling more nausious now than she has in a long time  gorram loomer getting me sick! d:<
has officially made her way through half of dr  l's fungi collection  only 220 boxes to go 
"had a very iiinteresting time at the <propfirst> last night  drunk gis, seeing people i haven't seen for awhile, and a dude trying to follow me to my car  all in all i give it a 3    out of 5 "
feels like she's just taken a life step: chip n' <propfirst> to chippendales  i am so totally going to be humming that theme when the guys come out   laugh 
is asking for prayers for her step-dad who is in the hospital after a heart attack 
"<propfirst> is improving greatly! he's awake, looking at people and trying to talk past the ventilator  ^^;\thank you so much for tge prayers and please keep them coming!"
"a) <propfirst> keeps getting better and better! soon he shall send to anchorage to get his ticker upgraded to pacemaker edition \b) i am going to be in town on the 23rd -- come to everclear with me!  laugh "
"a) <propfirst> keeps getting better and better! soon he shall send to anchorage to get his ticker upgraded to pacemaker edition \b) i am going to be in town on the 23rd  come to everclear with me!  laugh "
heat does not my mood improve   
"has some new, awesome books, her grandma b  for another day, and hopefully her step-dad for years to come "
power outages and people sticking me with needles   must be monday 
needs to stop watching the daily show  it keeps making her way too angry at the stupidity of <propfemale> 
hates it when things go this way 
"feeling like crap, but is still going to try to go to go see <propfirst> dawkins tonight "
epic dawkins fail 
sometimes i forget just how good some of my friends are  luckily they come around every now and again to remind me   love 
why is red green coming up in november?! *epic sad face*
"repost from <propmale> mcgregor 'cause this is just too damn cool \\http annoyed  www comicsalliance com 2010 07 22 super-heroes-vs-the-westboro-baptist-church "
has discovered dance music on pandora at work  this will end interesting 
not really sure how to feel about this past weekend   
is both excited about and dreading august   
spent some time this afternoon at work investigating on the interwebs  conclusion: i am thankful for every day i get with the people in my life and somewhere on facebook there is a person who doesn't know the difference between lemongrass and the senator's saloon at the pump house 
"well, i got something pierced  now i want to do something crazy with my hair! suggestions?"
goal for this weekend: achieve an awesome profile pic 
"i gave blood, my arm is now bruised throbbing, and i feel faint  not bad for a monday  not bad at all "
"is actually starting to get excited about going back down to pacific, but the feeling is being battled by how much i'll miss people here "
is in juneau   remind me again why this is the state capital?
could once again not sleep so she decided to spend some time with her favorite serial killer  now she's afraid to fall asleep 'cause she'll dream about him killing her with delicious key lime pie   
"next thursday: fair, <propfemale>, and top it off with <propfirst> pilgrim at midnight  anyone want to tag along?"
"every time <propfemale> palin opens her mouth, a polar bear cub dies "
just found out the triceritops is actually the juvenille form of another dinosaur and therefore doesn't exist  somewhere <propfirst> is staring at his morpher and wondering why it doesn't work 
"small-town alaska! palin family! yes, you! stop trying to get on reality tv  you're embarrasing yourself "
it's official  <propmale> stevens is dead 
i'm coming home fairbanks! i'll see you soon!
anyone else feel like heading to a midnight showing of <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world?
"oh friday the 13th   it e playful lains so much   also, <propfirst> pilgrim was awesome, but some source material needed "
hornet stings x 3 does not a happy <propfirst> make 
"four stings in less than four days? bring it on fairbanks bees! you've called out the thunder, now get ready for the boom! d:<"
last day of work   mighty fine feeling!
"3 days left in this lovely state of mine! so much to do, so little time!"
less than 9 hours before my filrst class  i'm thinking i'm golnna use sleep and hope for super effectiveness   
"big girls, we are beautiful "
"second day of classes done: check  now i must choose between walking in the rain and squeezing in an episode of battlestar before i finish unpacking  decisions, decisions "
it's women like <propfemale> lawless who make me teeter between a 1 and a 2 on the kinsey scale 
"the executive producer of supernatural is going to direct the film version of \spring awakening\"" whaaaaa?"""
"dear stage combat class, i love you but my bosy doesn't  love, <propfirst>"
"dear stage combat class,\i love you but my body hates you \love, <propfirst>"
hates being required to write poetry  it's so much easier to let the words flow on their own 
heading to mcmins tonight! who wants to come with?
does anybody have a netflix account i can use  want to watch a potentially kick ass version of <propfirst> hood starring <propmale> flynn with me?
"is exhausted and in love  both are good feelings, but for different reasons   "
"hates it when she has to cry, especially in front of people  but sometimes it feels so much better afterwards   "
"\untitled in alaska\"" has its premiere for the semester tonight at 8 o'clock pacific time (7 o'clock alaska time) on boxermusic fm! listen in and check it out!"""
i need an awesome dj name for my senior year! help?
feels like her cells are rebelling against her body 
has a hankering to go to the rally to restore sanity in october  if only she didn't have school   
supernatural premieres tonight! words cannot e playful ress my excitement!
pacific students! go see lunchbox theater today at 12:10 in <propmale> rm 5! it's an amazing show with amazing people!
needs a good warrior name for her new beta fish   thomas <propfemale> just doesn't have a good ring to it 
"untitled in alaska is beginning at 8 pm pacific time! tune in to boxermusic fm for awhile and check it out  tonight's theme is \science!\"""""
is trying really hard to see tge bright side of this weekend  she is failing 
really wants thai food but doesn't want to have to go by herself   sad 
"well, i got all my \jealous bitch\"" tendencies out of the way last night  sorry to everyone who had to be around part of that  feeling better and looking forward to awesome days as soon as this week is over """
8 hours 'til the microbiology midterm showdown   
really needs to find some cute clothes   top model is turning me into a fashionista   sad 
sciences midterm week ends at 12 smile 5 pm tomorrow  it cannot come soon enough 
<propfirst> bit the dust too today  i'm beginning to doubt my ability to keep things alive  v_v
thanks to everyone who came out to the vigil tonight  it was touching to see that many people with compassion 
"is doing some last minute studying for my micro lab exam and jamming to the japanese \my neighbor totoro\"" soundtrack  life is going dandy """
be nice to me  i gave blood today!
"apparently operation save boxermusic has begun  \let's do this "
just wants to curl up into a ball and forget the world exists 
"happy national coming out day to all of my lgbtq friends! you're awesome and if you don't know it by now, you should!  love "
"gah! the power of choice  do i join running crew for the play this fall and potentially not get to zenaween until past midnight, as well as sacrifice my evenings for the next week? or do i chicken out and salvage my weekends and sanity?"
i don't care what i sound like right now: glee is doing <propmale> horror in two weeks and i am excited 
"is seriously contemplating finding a nice tree to live in and churning out some poetry, couple of novels   maybe a manifesto   "
i can feel my brain melting   i wish 1 smile 9 am would leave me alone   it's becoming my new 8 surprise 8   gonna go through my notecards one more time and then slip into unconsciousness   
friday night plan? curl up with a serial killer and some monster-hunting brothers  this is my life 
this is the weekend of the halloween costume! i have the mask but need the rest!  sad 
fml
always! i wanna be with you and make believe with you!
"to do today annoyed -get all homework and labs up-to-date and done\-go audition for films\-not die\all right, let's do this thing!"
today remember those who have died and help the ones who are the future 
is previewing machinal and it's so darn awesome-trippy-spring-awakening-esque cool! go see it this weekend!
just saw paranormal activity 2  all-nighter due to paranoia anyone?
5 o'clock today will be better  at least no demons got me in my 2 hours of sleep   
"<propmale> gaiman adapted the lyrics to the songs for <propfemale> mononoke from the original japanese   i knew there was a reason i liked them so much  you know, other than the fact that miyazaki is second to godliness   "
didn't get a call back for films  epic sad face   
why hello thunder! i've missed you!
everyone is invited to a fabulous night of drag tonight! darcelle xv and company come to pacific university! 8 pm in the mpr (under the uc)! it's free and always an awesome e playful erience!
darcelle xv   awesome as always  and now on to more studying for micro!
you win this round micro   but be warned  the next time we meet   *dramatic squint* i'll be packin' notecards 
red-headed starbuck on csi!
set list prepared for tomorrow's show  should be awesome!
i feel the need to party after my radio show   anyone want to help me out with that?
found out she is not slutty enough for college parties  also some houses give beer to 16 year olds  they know who they are 
happy halloween!!!!
can't wait for next halloween  got some rad ideas for couples costumes   laugh 
"at this moment, i cannot wait for december 19th  i know where i'll be and who i'll be with  48 days "
's motivation is missing  has anyone seen it?
"dear cnn, \show me alaska! i don't care about the ones that have been called for the past 2 hours \am i a tea party state?!\thanks,\<propfirst>"
feels emotionally on the level of shit right now   
just can't seem to elevate her mood today   but she's trying 
"the woes of today will be appeased by an afternoon nap, burning a guy and a visit to my favorite bartender, (well, second favorite  i  love  you mom!)"
"i hereby dub today microlab day! beware unknowns, you're gettin' figured out today    "
"seriously, how many people are going to play <propmale> banner before <propfemale> is through?\\m imdb com title tt0848228 "
hmm   what to do for thanksgiving   
"still trying to figure out thanksgiving   but did a lot of homework and exercise this weekend, so she's feeling pretty good!  laugh "
"gosh durn emotional outbreaks effecting (affecting?) my sleep schedule! \thanks for talking me through it boy-o   though at some point, one or the other of us should have told the other to shut up and get some sleep "
misses alaska today   
can it just be friday already? seriously?
long day with many longer days and weeks ahead  *cracks knuckles* let's do this  i just have to last until december 19th   
"is starving at a swim meet   back and forth, forth and back   "
"dear mask of the phantasm,\thanks for the reminder of how dark and awesome batman the animated series was   \love,\<propfirst>"
"my weekend: study for vert zoo, work on senior capstone background, filming  maybe sleep  hopefully eat "
"unknowns have been decided! now all that's left is\-finish micro notebook (ongoing)\-study for vert zoo lab exam (thursday)\-work on independent project (ongoing)\-senior capstone background (due friday)"
my stomach feels like it's trying to digest itself   this does not bode well for the rest of the day  there is still so much to do!
"so much caffeine   we're making our way into the final laps of day 1 of \the week of hell\""   stay tuned  (and don't e playful ect any of my posts to make sense )"""
"i just want to sleep, but i can't! damn you stress!"
"today's list annoyed - get <propmale> potter costume for thursday\- spend a few hours in the vert zoo lab looking over species examples\- get at least 4 pages done on my thesis background\- not die  \let's get to it!"
"there is no sleep, only studying!"
"dear bio students,\stop all the negativity! we are the little trains that can!\ love ,\<propfirst>"
"<propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 1 is totally worth seeing! i'm also glad that i got there super early, at one point feel asleep on the sidewalk like a homeless person, froze my butt off, but at least got the seats that i wanted for this awesome movie  now then, stop reading my status and go see the movie!"
"so close  oh, and i'm almost done with thesis background  can't wait until december!"
formatted her entire background paper wrong because her advisor is a slacker  f her life 
"dear friends,\yes, i  do believe i was hacked  sorry that someone posted all that shit on your walls  we'll see if my changes took care of anything   this makes me really, really pissed \-<propfirst>"
had awesome friend day today  it almost made her forget that her facebook was hacked and she's lost the respect of her tech friends 
i missed the snow!  sad 
"damn this lack of cuddling! and hot chocolate! and snow! and unicorns! but mostly cuddling!\oh well, back to the outline and resources   "
"class then sleep then class and class then more sleep! burning the candle at both ends is exhausting  \also, three days until i can listen to christmas music without anyone giving me the stink eye!"
thank you to all my friends up in alaska who were not silly enough to brave the roads today! looks like it was insane up there 
my first-ever snow day  what an odd feeling   
"my first status post was going to be that my favorite lesbians just dropped off some christmas cheer, and they're awesome!\but now it's that <propfemale> dunbar, <propfemale> lindabury, and <propfemale> creeden just tried to get me t0 g0 with them to washington for thanksgiving! i feel really loved right now and i'm sorry i couldn't go guys! i just have too much homework to <propfemale> out in a place with no internet  happy thanksgiving weekend!"
"happy thanksgiving!\here i sit with my turkey tv dinner and apple-pom cider, wishing i was with family and friends, but thankful that they are in my life and knowing that they love me  best wishes to all!"
"just got back from belated turkey day and then playing kinex with <propfemale>, friend to <propfemale>  twas a good night indeed!"
has a sneaking suspicion   
"at this point, i feel that i would rather be bitten by the fer-de-lance than have to research them any more  stupid scientists and their publishing of data in multiple journals!"
"finishing up the powerpoint today and then bam! the taste of sweet, sweet sunday freedom for   probably an hour or two before bed time "
"hey motivation, i know this is usually your day off, but i'm gonna have to ask you to come in for a few hours  kthnx "
"vert zoo slides are done which means i can sleep! unfortunately, i imbibed enough caffeine to keep me up at least until midnight  my mind and body are rebelling!"
gosh darn it mailroom! give me my christmas stuff! d:<
and now to figure out what my poetry writing process is in 1-2 pages   i think i'll shower first 
holiday shopping has begun!
there was more than one lobster present at the birth of jesus?
thinks she might be going more crazy than previously thought   but she has some christmas stuff and that helps!
"<propfirst> hugon, <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> pramuk, <propfemale> giess\at 11:45, we are going to rock this!\go team reptile!"
"i mustn't faint! i mustn't faint! i mustn't faint! (a'la shinji in neon <propfemale> evangelion)\one presentation down, one more to go!"
"anyone want to have dinner with me? after two presentations and turning over my ankle, i am in no mood to make something   sad "
"jamming out to the wv midsummer night's dream soundtrack and feeling so much better! still crazy, but better "
"people know how i feel about marines  but this is for summer steenberg \\at\",fcacbe6538aa9a947b9a laugh 81dea4f62d,no good deed goes unpunished 
"looking at christmas cards while \i'll be home for christmas\"" was playing almost made me break down in the middle of safeway  and so it begins   """
homework focus at level 5  required level to complete homework? more than that 
time to crack some metaphorical homework sculls!
"working on homework and wishing she could be cuddled up with a blanket and a boyo back up in fairbanks, listening to christmas music or watching \muppet christmas carol\""   i'll just spray some glade evergreen and convince myself it at least smells like christmas """
"paper is done! it is sent in! it is no more! it is an ex-assignment! \now i just have to survive this week and a day and it's smooth sailing and likely some cabin fever  ^^;"
"so, according to internet and friends, i should be seeing tron: legacy at a midnight showing or something  is anyone still going to be in the fogro on december 16th who feels like joining me on this <propfemale> little adventure?"
my christmas spirit is being dampened by the impending threat of finals 
was so done with this week before it even started  my concentration is tapped and i can't read my professor's handwriting! dx
"somebody call me monday at 11 surprise 5 in the morning to see if i'm still alive  in the meantime, later facebook "
"finished the final that i was really worried about this morning  now to just deal with the one that i'm concerned about on monday  but first, a little down time with some online twin peaks and wrapping christmas presents for saturday "
"got some christmas cheer today from my wonderful and awesome sister and a project for after finals! operation glue-the-mugs-back-together!  laugh \love you <propfemale>!  love "
"things to do today: get food, have party, study my butt off for monday  \let's get to it!"
"i have a song! it's called \lauren caught my eye\""! i have the best sister ever for hunting it down for me!  love   love   love """
today has been a day of ups and downs emotionally and physically  i'm not really sure how to feel about any of it 
"things accomplished today: \- got out of bed\- participated in an awkward hilarious photo shoot\- studied for vert zoo tomorrow (still in progress) \productive? i have no idea "
"and now bed for maybe five hours followed by more studying and then the actual test  luck wishes are always welcome  \to my fellow vert zoo sufferers: the end is in sight!\good night "
"is d-o-n-e! stick a fork in me, i'm through!  laugh "
anyone want to go for chinese lunch?
"so, my iphone is currently the equivalent of an itouch 'cause at&t can't seem to get their act together  mom! respond asap!"
"final thought of the night annoyed you never realize how much you use your phone until you don't have it "
"finals are over, phone's working again and i'm headed into portland  let the adventure begin!"
"white christmas and ramen  not the way i thought i'd be spending my evening, but i'll take it "
"finals are over, i'm on break, i shouldn't be crying "
feeling a bit better this morning and ready to start cleaning my room apartment! anyone left on campus who wants to do lunch should text me!
"cleaned room, past room inspection, and spieled away on her violin for a good two hours  i think that's a good start to the day  \good luck to uaf friends on finals!"
i wish i could see my fairbanks friends today  they've been working their way into my dreams as of late   
is bored and hungry  any one want to help her fix either of these problems?
sleep is ever the elusive mayfly   
i think i am a sick lauren   unacceptable!
i am absolutely positively refusing to give in to whatever crud was given to me! two hot toddys and a shower and now i'm going to bed under lots of covers! rawr!
6 hours 'til <propmale>! and i'm still sick! it's time to break out the dayquil!
has her boyo cuddled up beside her and the sound of rain falling softly outside  tranquility acquired 
has less than a week to get herself and her boyo well again  challenge accepted 
it's only one more sleep 'til christmas!
is hanging with <propfemale> and her boyo this christmas and hoping that everyone else is having a very <propfemale> christmas as well!
can anyone be an awesome person and take care of my fish while i'm away?  sad  they only need food every other day 
on the <propmale> to the airport  on to the next leg of the adventure!
just finished seeing daft punk the movie 
back in fairbanks in 2 hours! what to do first   
wants to do something!!
"a friend who makes you cry more than laugh is not a friend worth having around  however, emotional investments are hard to get rid of "
"my mind and body are in conflict  \mind: get up! go do something!\body: but this blanket is so cozy!"
i wish i had some more adventure in my fairbanks life 
feels slightly more alive today 
it's friday! why are there no parties?
cheech anc chong: cream of the some-of-the-creepiest-people-i've-ever-seen crop   
when is ths festivus thing occuring? i only have 11 days left!  sad 
"theme of the week: study all day, party all night!"
chocolate gives me headaches  fml
"dear men, \please stop letting your wives girlfriends take away your balls \thanks "
"sitting in the anchorage airport, drinking malibu and pineapple, cursing my genetics  damn wisdom teeth being so close to my sinuses!"
back in the fogro and looking for something to distract me this evening! any takers?
"what the hell america?\www dailymail co uk news article-1350721 girl-9-father-shot-dead-anti-immigrant-vigilantes-begged-life html"
officially beginning weight watchers in two hours  goal: loose 30 lbs at least  let's see how my will power does when the first chocolate holiday of the year looms closer   
i'm in a custom ringtone mood! what song do you want to represent you on my phone?
i guess i should get down to this whole homework thing   gotta be a responsible senior 
things i need to do to become the most kick arse medical lab tech i can be? get certified in phlebotomy    dammit 
can the world just stop judging and leave me alone for five minutes today?
"i had a dream last night that i got back up to fairbanks and there was no one there that i knew  right before i woke up i was sitting in cch crying  judging by the dampness on my pillow, the tears were real "
does anyone have a tape measure i can borrow for taking body measurements? possibly for long-term borrow?
bed 
note to self   don't try to be a master chef with whole wheat fettuccine   it will only end in tears ('cause there's onions too) 
"hoping that things will just get better  also, spring break plans should form themselves  finding good ticket prices is driving me up the wall "
graduation paraphernalia acquired  start countdown!
"a word of advice: if you're ever going to play a dominatrix on stage, learn how to walk in heels  that is all "
anybody who remembers how to use the statistical graphing software! descend upon the pacific library and help me!  sad 
hah! take  that  figures! now stay down 
it's hug a tall person today  where are my hugs?  sad 
can we just skip <propfirst>'s day this year? it's too depressing 
anybody want to do dinner tonight? text me!
hausaufgabeeeeeeeeennnn      
facebook is trying to bring me down with smootchy pictures and lovey-dovey announcements  stfufb!
single people! anyone for dinner tonight?
"dear this week's episode of castle,\subtle <propmale> fillion reference  reeeeal subtle "
the <propfemale> is so close to full it's making my skin crawl 
the week that has stolen so much sleep from my brain is almost over  then i can choose for myself not to sleep!  laugh 
gearing up to head out to portland for a night of drinking--irish style  no i will not be having a guiness 
"well, my head doesn't feel like it's going to e playful lode   i'm just tired as heck "
"is feeling quite down right now   if anyone can think of a way to cheer me up, please call "
"okay, let's get this done!"
my mind should not be allowed to roam free  it keeps coming back and tracking all this regret all over  why did she do that? does he really hate me or is he that oblivious? bleh 
"goals annoyed - loose the weight\- learn to rollerskate on the 4-wheel style skates\- survive the semester\- be awesome!"
let's see   where do i want to work in fairbanks anchorage?
where we got snow? here we got snow!  laugh 
"someday soon, i want to wear a pretty dress, some ridiculous heels, and dance the night away  anyone wanna help me get a hold of the dress and heels?"
"alles kann besser werden\alles soll besser werden\alles wird besser werden"
"dear people who arrange school dances,\if you're going to put on an event dependent on your flashy, colored lights, make sure it's located in an area where you can turn off if not dim the regular lights \- the student body"
tomorrow at 9 pm i will be a far more relaxed person than i am right now 
had a really bad day  wants an awesome dinner tonight  what to have?
two midterms  and  mcmins food that is trying to gnaw its way out of my stomach? sleep will be a pleasant thing tonight 
my birth control is now acting as my count-down to graduation  less than three months to go   
anyone going to winco anytime soon?
yay! now i have two weight watchers buddies!
freaking out has officially commenced!
"almost halfway through friday and no nervous break-down yet  c'mon, let this trend continue!  laugh "
looking forward to better times - they are a'comin'!
"dear silly male friends,\you are very silly and are losing cool points daily with your silly, silly behavior  please start thinking with the organ that is your brain  \thanks much "
"just wants to be left alone for a week so she can finish her thesis and never have to look upon it again \i guess that could be the over-arching theme of spring break with a side of sailor <propfemale> and alcohol "
"step 1: give blood\step 2: drink mountain dew\step 3: pull all-nighter to finish capstone  \gonna be a good night "
and <propmale> (of paperwork) to go before i sleep   
all-nighter  decidedly uncool  but the capstone is turned in 
anyone want to accompany this tired shell to cornerstone?
<propfemale>
sittin' at mcmins sipping baileys at <propmale>'s bar  you know you wanna join   wink 
friday night plans cut short  now it's me and a bottle of plum wine  what to do?
"spring break day 1\now: cleaning room and girl with the dragon tattoo\later: shanghai tunnel"
"first day of spring and there's a <propfemale> nibbling on my glasses  oh yes, it's gonna be a good day   laugh "
"i said, \in these shoes   ? i don't think so   \"""""
there is a negative correlation between the weight i'm losing and how comfortable i feel around random guys 
"dear women,\unless you have webbed feet and feathers, stop making the duck face! \kthnx "
i'm feeling all interior design-y lately  i want to decorate a weird themed bathroom and get a crazy-huge bed  it's kind of creeping me out   annoyed 
"woke up to my boyo saying he loves me  even if it was across a telephone line, still feels pretty good as the start of a day "
the wonderfully-starting-morning has devolved into the sucky-day-of-sucky-suck! even awesome sushi didn't help  i can't wait to be back up in ak  d:<
is officially putting out the feelers for jobs this summer!
"who wants to come see these guys with me on saturday?\\www pacificu edu events performing-arts-series 2010-2011 cantus cfm"
emmycic livejournal com 699239 html
"before i turn 25, i want to go back to disneyworld  who's with me?"
"all i want to do right now is write  and not write homework  i had a sudden burst of creativity last night and all i want to do is finish my nanowrimo story from last year  so yeah, school, get outta my way  [ senioritis]"
it's only when i get to the big party that i realize how uncomfortable i am around the people 
i have the points for pizza for dinner  anyone wanna come with?
"at the cantus concert and yes, they will be singing \they call the wind maria \"" still haven't forgiven splendid audacity for snubbing that song """
apathy has officially taken over 
"i miss high school lunch time: the milkshakes, the tents, the comic book nerd talk  maybe it's just because i'm winding down my education, but i really miss the times when we were all together and at least still acting civil to each other "
the day without shoes is proving that i do not have hobbit feet  ouch 
"whelp, i just called my uncle my grandpa  i think the stress of capstone, exams, and life have officially started their assault on my brain  sorry uncle <propmale>!"
just might maybe have a job this summer  excitement? yes 
"i wish i could understand  i wish i could know all the things that i said wrong to all the people whom i've lost contact with over the years and make it better  all i can do right now is say \i'm sorry\"" and try to make up for it in the future """
the sun is shining and i'm feeling good   almost enough to make me forget the impending doom that is april 
"things that are awesome annoyed - sunshine (not like me, i know)\- having lunch with q \things that are not awesome annoyed - my hip extenders hate my guts today\- capstone is due in less than a week"
"due to circumstances beyond my control, i have almost officially applied to graduate school up at uaf for the spring semester "
"screw this, i'm over your drama  i'm going to the library!"
"capstone due at the end of the week, ramping up the workout and trying to avoid the drama  alright, let's do this!"
"the gre website is messing with me and it is not appreciated  if i have to pay $150 to take this, you should at least have a website that functions properly! d:<"
turned-over ankle + lack of energy = so much stuff to do today!
officially touching down in fairbanks on the evening of may 25th!
"i'm feeling sick, my silly university is watering the lawn when it's been raining on and off all day, and capstone is due in a little over two days  but you know what? i get to see <propfemale> black tonight  and that helps "
"<propfemale> black was a bust (b&n cronies said if you didn't buy the book, then they wouldn't let her sign it), but portland adventure was had  now onto chugging orange juice in an attempt to <propmale> off the crud my room mate gave me, work on capstone, memorize terms, and read seminar papers! oh yeah, it's gonna be a good night   "
"i miss breathing through my nose  \and that's the last you'll hear from me until capstone is done  see you tomorrow!"
"who's done with capstone final draft? oh! that would be me  all that i have to do is have a final run through of it in the library tomorrow morning and then it will be <propfirst> schnorr's problem! \(toot toot) <- my very own horn"
bye-bye thesis!
i am caught between the need for sleep and the <propfemale> for a good time  oh choices   
i have no voice this morning  what should i do? go back to the gender conference? no! but it's what i have to do   playful 
anybody want to take fun photos of me for my graduation announcements?  laugh 
"i do wish my body would make up its mind on this whole \sickness\"" topic  it's throwing off my groove   """
"voice still sounds like i've been going at my vocal chords with a cheese grater, but after today i will be one step closer to graduation!  laugh "
listening to the midsummer night's dream soundtrack reminds me of all the things i would rather be doing right now other than working on this poster 
drag show tonight @ 8 in the mpr!
"things to do tonight annoyed - rock drag show\- get capstone poster done\- work on biochem\- sleep before 3 am"
i'm beginning to wonder who my friends are  i'm tired of feeling like i'm disposable 
i do so love waking up in the morning feeling sicker than ever    playful 
waitin' for noam chomsky   
i want to sleep for 100 years 
"i'm feeling sick as a dog, but all i want to do is talk to my friends from back home "
health center today at 2 smile 0  let's see if we can solve the mystery of the bio <propmale> plague!
"waiting at the student health center  i want meat for dinner, but throat hurts whenever i swallow   annoyed "
"according to the health center, the bio <propmale> bug is the flu  it's supposed to last an average of 4-6 weeks  and what's next week? senior projects  fan-frickin'-tastic "
"\take me home (country roads)\"" has been playing through my head all night  being sick also makes me homesick   sad """
happy easter!
"happy easter to all! i need to control my <propfemale> intake today, because if my weight loss trend continues, by next week 10% of my former self will be gone   laugh "
"this cough is just getting rediculous  jeeze body, get with the program!"
in one month i'll be homeward bound 
"i'm feeling productive tonight  after a weekend of sickness, i kind of like it  it's similar to that weird feeling you get during the summer when you have nothing to do and you find yourself thinking \i'd   like to draw some chemical structures   \"""""
"senior project = 3pm on 3rd floor strain  \too many people want a piece of me, too many invites, not enough time and we seriously need to start implementing a portal system between <propmale> grove and portland so i can get there and back again faster!"
farewell senior project  i will never lose sleep over you again!
kind of e playful ected to feel different after senior projects  but it's just one stress replaced with another   
where did all my motivation go?  sad 
new awkward e playful erience to chaulk up: getting to the bar early 
"it's getting to that magical time in the semester when people start talking about missing people who are gone for a few days and i want to grab them and yell \cry me a river \"""""
it's hard to be a social animal in this town 
farewell 21 lbs of former self 
can't wait to have lazy afternoons again   
