fb8b4c8574843ac5e635f2390a9af797
why did we have to leave alaska?
finally got my digital camera to work with my computer  
well off to another great night at work    
o yea campin today down at little yellowstone
haha what
can't wait for 18 days
is wondering if he should dred his hair?
back from the cabin
bored   
one week
wednesday!!!
last day of work!!!
today is the last day ill be in j-hole!
no more jamestown!!
stupid 
i wish you were here    
comin to j-town on the weekend
looking forward to j town kinda
hates down time
yea  fuck 
woohoo go packers!!!!!!
no more cigs!!!yay
fucking bored    
woohoo!!!! lets go packers!!!!
court tomorrow
"woohoo, didn't get shit in court"
not quite sure
woohoo go twins!!!!
tell me about them fucking golf shoes!!!
life couldn't be much better   
wishes it was friday already
"can't wait for thursday, then the weekend!"
yup pretty sure my night is kinda ruined    thanks alot <propmale> and your damn movie
pretty sure idk where my phone is
hmm ic ic
i got my ninja bag aka a pillow case filled with nacho flavored combos a flashlight and masking tape 
yea   totaled my vehicle on thursday
no more hair
hmmm what to do   
                          
"don't feed bears booze, because people will get mauled"
"go take a hike, and don't forget the trail mix bitch"
objects in mirror are closer than they appear
every packer fan new it was coming good job favre you fucked up again ahahah
"bitch i feel good, don't i look stupendous my shine is so endless   "
haha jerrikas on bretts facebook ima change everything!!!
why!!!!!!!!!!!!
needs a subject for botany paper  any ideas?
one test done one to go
yay!!!    another damn test    
"don't turn around, can't be afraid take you all the way, back home   innocence gone, can't be the same    "
http annoyed  news yahoo com s ap 20100222 ap_on_re_us us_seniors_marijuana
ugh   
tonight    you    
is so jacked for spring break
gotta love wildlife class smile 
j-town with the gf fun time smile 
does anyone want to buy my shirt?    i'll trade ya my shirt for a grilled cheese    
what! did you get bit by a sheep?
2 more people  chicken coop   plz    
2 people today plz help my chicken coop
cant wait till summer
"so lets just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine, reminisce, talk some shit forever young is in your mind   "
"never thought i'd say it but, really    birds   why you gotta be so tough and confusing"
"what i really learn in college  morgan mondays, tequilla tuesdays, whiskey wednesdays, thirsty thursdays, fucked up fridays, shit faced saturdays, and of course   sober sundays"
happy 4-20!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gotta love being sick    
thursday is finally here   yes!!!!
having fun weekend with my gf and family love my gf so much!
"they say that nice guys finish last    well, i just took a shortcut and whooped your ass to the finish"
just owned that bird test
"oh  well i left that at home  you left what at home? the guidy, chippy, thingy  what!why would you do that? to make room for the cupcake!!!"
july 27th starcraft 2    fuck yea
"fuck you snow its not winter anymore, leave!!!"
mr  <propmale> <propmale> quote   and we should not be afraid of zombies but instead afraid of becoming a zombie
its not winter    there is snow     wtf?
cant wait til thursday at around 6
only a couple more days   
finds this weather mmmmm quite shallow and pedantic
plz help with me chicken coop
thinks its awsome how he gets sick right before finals
got the apartment!! moving in on the 28
hahaha <propfirst> left his facebook on!!!!
"mmmm shrimp scampi tonight   moms home cooking      but not her cooking it  oh well, still great!"
"cord annoyed do we have a cat????\"""""
loves his girl friend!!
when people tell me to think outside the box it never happens  as soon as they say it it's like ok well i'll try but what exactly does this box all consist of?
thanks everyone
thank you all for the birthday wishes
"you can see our shadows wandering off somewhere, we won't make it home but we really don't care"
"uncle <propfirst> says to pay your taxes, just to learn that i pay for classes  part time hustle really ain't gonna last, so todays forecast is to make more cash"
got called on for jury duty    damn
we aint got no more damn potato salad!!!!
is super pumped cuz starcraft 2 is on its way in the mail thanks to a sweet paycheck!!!!
is there a <propmale> near by?
starcraft 2= a+
if i was 23 i would have just one a free trip for me and three people for 6 days in <propmale> florida   damn it
theres only one solution     duct tape
so pretty sure i really want to train the ferrets to hunt    
loves getting sick
wooo last day of work for the week!
wooooooooooooooooooooo parallax tomorrow!!!!!!
"jamestown on thursday morning  ferrets getting their first check up, i can finally figure out how much chief actually does weigh haha"
i love you grandpa <propmale> r i p 
"i love my girlfriend \ smile "
is there a dog in here??? i could have sworn there was just a dog in here      
"haha thank god im not a redskin fan  i feel bad for those who were e playful ecting to get shitty at the game, they're already leaving   still sober cuz its only the start of the second quarter "
workin on the skrat today opefully it goes good
fuck!
really hope the little fuck next door breaks through the ground next time he fuckin jumps around! so damn annoying
really hopes that final went as good as i thought it did
havin a <propfemale> fruit    mmmmm tasty
watched the movie pandorem last night    great movie
"mmmm bacon, eggs, coffee, and highlights from the cardinals win last night   good morning"
lets go packers!!!
woooo go packers!!!!!
"not gonna be good  <propfirst> + math = no good, not to mention i can't even pronounce my professors name"
"really wonders why some people are such idiots  find a random news article online and just go read the comments on the story, youll see what i mean"
mm deer sausage and scrambled eggs with coffee  nice breakfast
"really thinks people need to stop complaining about their' signs, its not a big deal, you didnt know before they told you why should it matter now?"
wishes i didnt have to work tomorrow so i can watch the ravens hopefuly knock off the rapist and his team
"the chicken nugget is to the chicken world as the hotdog is to the pork world  if this holds true what is the beef world's \chicken nugget\"""""
yes!!!!go ravens!!!!
go pack go!!!!!!!!
wooo how bout them packers!!!
misses his lip ring       sad 
"just got a new phone, need <propfirst>"
packers to the super bowl  yes couldn't ask for anything better
thinks its great when people always blame the refs  just admit you lost and get over it
can not wait till sunday!!!!!!
well to busy yesterday to post this but go packers!!! nother sb comin home next year
weasels make me laugh
fuckin snow again
ha!    hahahaha wow what a d-bag
can hear the coyotes howlin from my apartment
"a recent medical study conducted by ndsu (north <propfemale> state university) found that the average north <propfemale>n walks about 900 <propmale> a year \another study by the american medical association found that north <propfemale>ns drink, on average, 22 gallons of alcohol a year \this means, on average, north <propfemale>ns get about 41 <propmale> to the gallon "
"all of us have a thousand wishes  to be thinner, to be bigger, have more money, have a cool car, a day off, a new phone, to date the person of your dreams  a cancer patient only has one wish, to kick cancer  i know that 97% of you won't post this as your status, but my friends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who died, or is fighting cancer, or even had cancer, post this for at least one hour  "
