a4d19cc8aa95e03a10f5af088d19b4c1
wondering wtf is up with all the rest of the world  laugh 
"really feeling this \painted lady\"" shit today      wink """
just so tired    
<propfemale> = human shishkabob? naw     i feel great!!  laugh 
"pissing off the government, thumbing her nose at authority and generally stirring shit since 1978    "
"i don't think i'm a troll     there are just certain things that, when flagrantly rubbed under my nose, i can't stomach the smell of     misguided bravado is one of them     sorry all    "
"ok     allergies really suck and corticosteroids only do so much     except when you accidentally touch your tongue after rubbing the shit on your arm     then your tongue goes numb     what was that? external use only? well, shit    "
"is sick of this itchy shit     calling doctor's office immediately  this has got to end!! i feel like a dog with mange     <<grumble, grumble, grumble>>"
doctor and lawyer all this afternoon     what a busy day!!
"thinking this will be a fairly quiet weekend   heading to trails west with mom & the girls on saturday (maybe jas as he's been invited) to look at odd <propmale>, crappy crafts and over-priced jewelry - then to listen to some country (?!?) <propfemale> whom i've never heard of! should be loads of joyful fun!  sorry, mom     i'm going for you, not for the tw train! lol!  laugh "
"filling out bankruptcy paperwork, munching on steroids, allergy meds, anti-depressants & cashews     planning to dye my hair blue     i think     hmmm     what a wonderful life this is!  laugh "
pink hair is joy  laugh 
why was i at work at 6 smile 0 this morning?!? have i gone mad!!!
i am so ready for the long weekend     who's with me??  laugh 
is in need of a *real* vacation!  laugh 
"i'm sick  feel like crapola  i think this might be it  it might be the dreaded h1n1!! here piggie, piggie     here little piggie    "
"wasnt the flu, was just a sinus infection as orignially suspected  smile  yay, but no      wink "
"ok     hot cocoa recharge and i'm ready to get back to work! (sorry, but have you *seen* the coffee here? i'll stick with the cocoa!!  wink "
"drove kids around to the doctor, taking web classes for bankruptcy, then it's off to the lawyer i go!"
"so exhausted! tomorrow morning is the neurologist, then it's back to the old grind in the afternoon!! at least i get to sleep in tomorrow morning     if the kiddos let me    "
looking into new budgetting and account keeping programs that run on both the ipod and ye old macbook pro     any suggestions?
pumpkins with the girls tonight! woohoo!  laugh 
just watched the new doctor who special (waters of mars)    now to get kiddos ready for bed  smile 
the end of most things seriously lacks fanfare!  smile  there should be a handwritten sign @ least  maybe a marching band or fireworks? something   
"freezing to death, yet the gas <propmale> is still $200+! crazy! time to put the insulation over the windows    (ok, so the insulation is cleverly disguised as blankets    or maybe it is blankets, cleverly used as cat-proof window insulation? only i know for sure  wink  )"
what a way to ring in the new year: watching dead snow ( http annoyed  tinyurl com 28xg3zw ) and drinking black <propfemale> slurpy with @<propfirst> j  simanowitz
"btw, happy new year everybody!  laugh  welcome to 2011! may it be the best year yet!"
"first day back to work after the long weekend and woke up to -1°f  why, oh why must i get out in this cold!!! burrrrr    "
"made it btw! saw all sorts of sights: cars in ditches, ambulances, idiots who can't drive in snow, fire trucks, a car actually on fire! was an eventful drive in to work!  laugh "
"yay!!! it's friday!!!! of course, the low temp is supposed to be -16°f tomorrow    but it's friday!!  laugh   laugh   laugh "
black (like my attitude  playful   laugh )
"stayed home tonight  would have rather headed out to the belated's cd release party   playful  oh, well    all you folks there, have a great time! think of me    for a brief and shining moment!  wink "
"to whom it may concern: won't you please call whomever is in charge and ask him to turn off the snow, fans and a c for a while  i'm tired of freezing temperatures and frozen toes!!"
"it's kind sad that when the weather gets up to 25°f, we're all so ecstatic we could pee! it's kinda like when they hike gas prices up to $3 50 (usd) gallon, then drop them back to $2 99 and we think what a great price that is on gas!!  wink "
"i think i should have stayed in bed today! send me a post card from \awakesville!\""  laugh """
the sun has gone to bed and so must i    goodbye!  laugh 
"granny smith's and spreadable swiss: brunch of champions! (actually, i would recommend it to most anyone    pretty good, actually  wink )"
"if you are a disrespectful fool, best to step off now before you get knocked off  playful "
"now, i'm not sayin' you can't repost whatever you want, but don't take it personally when i don't repost the popular thing this week  i may think that veterans need our support, that children need protection, that sex is good and <propfemale> needs some advisement, but i really don't feel that posting it up on fb is gonna really make that much difference (besides filling my news feed with, well, crap!) ciao, ~h"
"so tired!! was sick again this weekend = no fun  that is really the kick in the pants with these meds!! keeps the ms monsters at bay, but makes you so much more susceptible to all the icks  sad  hope everyone else's weekends were steallar!!  laugh "
the only morning wake-up for *my* family  wink    http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ujnyunnikpe
thank you everybody for the wonderful birthday wishes! you're all so great!!
"ok, ok    final birthday celebration tonight, then it's back to the norm! thankfully march is only one month out of 12!!  laugh "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes for my little ones and myself! you really are the best!!  laugh 
iphone dead!! this blows  playful 
"iphone back in hand, i can now face the world  wink "
baking cupcakes for the family easter celebration    filling out more paperwork for admission to <propmale> school (photography)    listening to ziggy stardust  confused to hell about funding for a second undergrad degree    why can no one tell me what the heck is going on here?!?
"i hope that stupid people aren't the only ones breeding, cloning and feeding   please tell me intelligence and higher thinking still exist!"
home sick    what more is there to say?
"so    am sick again  this time, strep  i have to say that immunosuppresant therapy can sometimes be a real drag  playful "
"feeling tons better! yay for large doses of antibiotics    oh, and ice cream    that helps, too  wink "
"omg!!! the girls and jas won tickets for us to see <propfirst> love (& yes, the fake reincarnation of hole) in st  <propfirst>!! moonrise hotel and everything!!! this will be the best thing won on my behalf    ever! happy mothers' day    and yay for mothers' day contests!!"
"from my mind memories are shared of the man you once were  from my heart, blessings flow for those you've left behind    and from my eyes, tears fall for the you i never knew  \\rest in peace, grandpa "
"so what are the plans for the weekend, kids? fun? sun? bbq & the fam? \\share with me    let me live vicariously through you!  wink "
"i've been writing songs again    well, a song, i guess  i really need to polish up those keyboard skills, though  it's just been soooo long   "
"hey, all you union <propfemale> folks   do any of you know whatever happened to becca juhl? i was thinking about her tonight and wondered whatever became of her  smile "
"is way cooler than she let's on    (now if one of you could clue in everybody else, that'd be swell  wink )"
enthusiasm is all i've got by nature    the rest just comes with the territory   
"hey, any of you crazy kc folks heading out tonight? what's on your plate for the evening?"
sometimes the joy you feel is nothing compared to the letdown that follows   
"omg! i am so tired! somebody start my mocha-choco-frappe coffee drip, stat     intravenous introduction of caffeine sounds just about right at this point  wink "
"setting up a cheery, dance-type playlist    any suggestions? come on! help me cheer up my iphone!  laugh "
"personal credo for the day: the best way to forget stuff you're trying \to forget is to do stuff you'll always remember  wink "
something funky going on with the car  news to come tomorrow  keep your fingers crossed 
"giving a huge \thank you\"" to  jessyca faris (of badgirls gotohell & fatal <propfemale> machine  wink  fame) for her kind words and support a few weeks ago  it really meant a lot to me!\",a4d19cc8aa95e03a10f5af08 laugh 19b4c1,"if you could be self-actualized    how would life strike you? if dreaming made it real, who would you be?"
"happy birthday to <propfemale> cordonier & <propfemale> cordonier  (a little late, but still happy, i hope!  laugh )"
"i've just been slapped in the face by the words of one of my favorite relatives  makes me wonder how many times people i've thought highly of have said bad things about me behind my back    how many people i've loved had made unfounded claims while i wasn't around   sad \\~h"
"dear monday annoyed \i'm a little too tired to deal with your shenanigans today  if you could just leave what you have to bring by the door without knocking, i'd really appreciate it \\kthxbai,\~h"
"dear friday annoyed \i'm actually getting pretty tired of this week so if you could find it within yourself to come a day or two early, i wouldn't mind one bit    in fact, if you wanted to stop in early *every* week, i'd find that quite pleasant and would welcome the change!\\your (exhausted, sick) friend,\~h"
"i know low, sultry voices are sexy, but is croaking like a frog still hot? (read that as \i'm off to the doctor with a soar throat  playful )\",a4d19cc8aa95e03a10f5af08 laugh 19b4c1,"conversation with <propfirst> j  simanowitz & his daughter, mae annoyed \mj: watch out for the giant head upstairs  if you see him, remind him it's time for work  he should leave you alone then   \mae:  <<annoyed look>> dad! i'm about to take your \giant head\"" and beat your butt with it!\",a4d19cc8aa95e03a10f5af08 laugh 19b4c1,dinner w  @<propfirst> j  simanowitz to find out his gift certificates aren't good after he orders eats the lobster & steak  is this akin to forgetting your wallet?  playful 
stark realization while prepping for tonight's mri: wal-mart does not cater to the delicately pierced  playful 
woohoo! 100% in color theory! can you believe it? this from the girl who was told she'd never make money as an artist and wasn't very artistic  playful 
"who's photos touch your soul? what <propmale> is pumping you up these days? \what's your *new* favorite song? what book is on your bedside table waiting to be devoured? share! i'm jonesing for e playful osure!  laugh \\seriously, i've been putting feelers out for new favorites: artists, photographers, writers, \musicians - famous or no  bring 'em on! fill my weekend with awesome!"
"tough weekend    two long days shooting and some lame kid-related drama has me more exhausted at the end of the weekend than when it started    where is my *real* day off, please?"
it amazes me how much a person can change over time    even more amazing is how much they remain the same   
"busy day with the girls: teeth cleaned, new shorter hair cuts, italian luncheon, <propfemale> <propfemale> shopping    now cooking chocolate turtle cheesecake (me) & prepping green bean casserole (girls) for thanksgiving dinner tomorrow!"
"instead of panic at the disco, it was fire at the print plant when a fire broke out on the 1013 press in our press room  no one was injured  lots of smoke  all were sent home by the press room manager, if the means were there  (for me, they were and i offered to transport those who were not so astute  no takers )"
sick kid  sick mom  <propfirst> is home with kid  mom is off for testing at the neuro this afternoon but at work for now  life's more fun than a barrel of monkeys i tell ya  playful 
overwhelming volumes of photos required are suddenly clarifying why everyone warned me about this course  playful  how do they e playful ect us to shoot anything of any significance at this pace?!?
"i think i just destroyed a tree this morning  the car *seems* ok, but i could shoot that ass in the <propfirst> that ran me off  no way to start the day!"
"snow, snow    snow!! everywhere it's snow! \\after a night under hot lights, it was shocking to discover blizzard winds and ice crystals blowing straight into our faces  wow! what a surprise "
"where, locally, would a person find a sitar and lessons to play? always wanted to do that  (i know, like i need something else to do in my spare time!  wink )"
i'm beginning to dislike weekends! end up going to work on monday more exhausted than when i left it friday!  playful 
"name a book, a movie and an album that would introduce someone to \who you are \""\",a4d19cc8aa95e03a10f5af08 laugh 19b4c1,"thought of the day: i know a lot more than you think i know, i just keep it to myself to save the annoyance of an argument   "
"so  tired  yet i've too much to do today to be exhausted: work, clean house, meet with contractor, x-mas shopping, finish decorating and wrap gifts    yet all i want is to get some rest   playful "
"ever feel like you're a walking contradiction? one existing, on a constant basis, at war with yourself standing between what you were taught, what you know and how you feel? me, too  every damned day   "
straightening? check! contractor? getting there    xmas? not even close  playful 
"stomach flu on christmas <propfemale>?!?! you've got to be kidding me!!! any good remedies that won't make me spew red, white & blue this holiday weekend? help!!"
heading into the hospital for a long day of boredom tomorrow  smile  what are some books you'd suggest for such an adventure?
all's well that ends well    and my day ended well  smile  thanks everyone for your boredom stave-offs
classes start monday and this next course promises to be just as tough if not more so than last! wish me luck!
"kids: no school due to inclement weather\<propfirst> j  simanowitz : no work, paid, due to inclement weather\me: work and more work, inclement weather or no  playful "
"again with the snow?! what a mess  took <propfirst> j  simanowitz (and me) 30 minutes to clear off the car, then added 20 extra minutes to my commute  playful  yuck!"
"school called off  again  since jas has missed two days of work (only one paid) to stay home with them, it's my turn! i really was hoping that my 3 personal holidays per year would last longer than this!!  playful "
"ok    so i'm playing catch-up with my mostly 365 project tonight  i've been busily shooting for assignments the past few days, so i have lot's of new fodder for the project    really  i swear!  wink "
"watch out world! it's slick out there    my butt, which not-so-gracefully hit all the steps as i slipped down them, can attest to the inclement weather portion of the \no-school\"" announcement i just received from the girls' school ;p"""
"home with the kids today    surprised the aafp didn't let <propfirst> j  simanowitz have the day off for inclement weather  still, it will be nice to have (another) day with the girls courtesy of the independence school district  playful "
"terribly annoyed by people who have no children, spend very little real time with children and live a lifestyle where children are not really welcome try to give advice on parenting or complain about a parent's handling of their children  playful "
"i want you to comment on this status about how you met me    but, i want you to lie!\\that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
"at 3:21 p m  cst on wednesday, february 2nd, 2011, a miracle occurred: the snow scraper just scraped the street in front of the house and the nearby school! -- granted, there is now  2' barricade between my car and the street, but it's a start, right?"
made a nice sweet yellow chicken curry over cumin basmati for supper tonight    wasn't too bad for my first time making curry and using *a lot* of improvisation  smile 
did it ever climb above the 1°f my car was bragging this morning? poor old girl didn't even warm up until i was almost to work!
"i do care about diabetes, hate child abuse, abhor cold weather, hope the military does what's right and a whole slew of other crap    but i'm one of those obnoxious people who just doesn't see how posting a status update telling the world how much i care is going to make any of it change significantly    <propfemale> me  playful "
"miranda: \momma    why'd the chicken cross the road?\"" \",ccc1f92c4c7854ac3c17c484d185bd39,i have to do a paper on the market for baseball equipment in russia  what in the world?
