b29b8d079fe3da8a747c448fb0714378
going to kill some zombies tonight!
my friend <propfemale> <propmale> was in a car wreck and he is now at the med suffering from head trauma  i hope he pulls through 
cowboy up! need i say more?
going to see a documentary on copywriting at the <propmale> tonight at 7 smile 0pm 
<propfirst> snyder author of the save the cat! series died last night 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
my work laptop died today   sad   damn blue screen of death
today is friday!
working on press start with people more talented than i am can be difficult at times  after the 25th of this month i will be moving at the speed of <propmale> edwards! *or as close as humanly possibly* lol
"the talented <propmale> steiner, unwatchable films, is casting for his short comedy a disjointed proposal:  hilarity ensues when an unfortunate accident leads a commitment phobic waiter through a sequence of events in search of his severed finger while dodging his girlfriend's persistent requests to bond with her parents who happen to be dining at the same restaurant "
"we’re looking for all ages, genders and ethnic backgrounds   the shoot dates will be friday oct 23rd and saturday 24th from 10pm till 5am   this is a no-budget student project  this means it’s not a paying gig, but a wonderful opportunity to exercise your amazing talent, meet new people network, work on something fresh and have your work showcased in festivals around the country!"
"if interested, send your contact info, a picture and any related materials you’re interested in sharing that showcases your abilities to <propmale> at:  disjointedproposal@gmail com  audition location, time and date (tentatively oct 10th), as well as sides and character bios will be sent out this week   thank you!"
<propfirst> moore is such a hypocrite! he keeps bashing capitalism even though the source of his hatred is what made him the name he is today and helps to fund his fact lacking films  moore is estimated to be worth over $50 million  gotta love it 
looking forward to seeing zombieland with some friends around 7pm!!
"auditions for a disjointed proposal are this saturday at the bartlett performing arts and conference center, 3663 appling rd memphis bartlett  tn 38133 starting at 8 surprise 0am!! looking forward to seeing old friends and meeting some new people!"
had a lot of fun kicking ass with some very talented people this weekend! i meet some new people that i definitely want to keep in contact with!
"some people give time, some money, some their skills and connections, some literally give their life's blood  but everyone has something to give "
press                                                  start!
first day without every breath being followed by a cough! the pneumonia is pretty much gone! woohoo!
save the cat! strikes back is out!
looking forward to some turkey!
cooking is fun but at the same time it kinda sucks 
feeling a little unhappy 
today is a new day! *crossing fingers*
illinois will now be known as little gitmo! wow! why do we reward murders from other countries and give them american right?????? i realize that we have become the country of regret and guilt for any crime ever committed during the existence of the human race but this is becoming a bad trend 
last night i shipped some presents and make chewy caramel bars with the wife  look forward to some more time off from work! hoping i will be able to play a little bit of cod: mw2 with some friends  *hint hint - <propmale> and <propmale>!**
had a great christmas with both sides of the family!  smile 
"one of the pipes in my house busted and now we are trying to get it cleaned up and temporarily repaired until home depot opens up tomorrow  yeah, now i get to deal with the insurance company "
"time to show the world that more of us support our troops than dont! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for at least one hour!!and if you don't stand behind our troops, then please feel free to stand in front of them!!!!"
"got back late yesterday from nashville, tn helping out my friends! love you <propmale> and <propfemale>!!"
<propmale> cohen   aka drama <propfemale> 
it's almost friday!
can't wait to play some splinter cell conviction!
"is thinking of <propmale>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>'s mom as she battles cancer  they are all very special people "
there is danger from all men  the only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public <propfemale>  - <propfirst> adams
at 2:25pm my friend lost her mother  please pray for her and her family 
memphis police are surrounding a woman down the street from our house that has been making threats  it has escalated to the point where swat (with snipers) and a bomb squad have been called in  say what you will about the memphis police department but they have gone out of their way to help our neighborhood! thanks to all of the boys in blue that are working to keep us safe!
still water
r i p  baby jet fire  11 25 09 - 10 05 10
a perfect circle - weak and powerless        <---- i love this song 
i guess i'm not normal     hmm
"it's official, i am now unemployed  6 1 2 years down the drain  i'm trying to be positive but it's very hard to maintain "
