9bc4b04c653032624ff0a4e9879af5b7
"uhhh, hi?"
laptop screen is busted  no more using it for random things anymore 
bored out of my natural mind 
"so the game is next week ,eh?"
mr  lonely 
"ok, doppleganger week, who do i look like?"
i get by with a little help from my friends 
"if i could do just one near perfect thing i’d be happy  they’d write it on my grave, or when they scattered my ashes  on second thoughts, i’d rather <propfemale> around and be there with my best friend,"
i win! nobody else is on right now!
"if i could do just one near perfect thing i’d be happy  they’d write it on my grave, or when they scattered my ashes  on second thoughts, i’d rather <propfemale> around and be there with my best friend,"
sense-memory papers don't write themselves 
"one down, one to go "
who's bored but not tired? i am 
good morning not so free day 
"dnd today, sounds like its another not so free day "
i am shirking responcibilities left and right today 
"i am on task, oddly enough "
"my mom's here , great! right? somebody save me     please   "
has bad timing and is angry about it 
"settling back into just being \down\"" """
happy v-day to everyone who has a reason to celebrate!
"hey guys, guess who has a cell phone  561 - 666-0198 "
"yeah so 561 -666- 0198 , feel free to call or text "
"well, ff12 has run its course with me tonight "
normal feels good man 
"good weird , needs to speak up more "
"hmm, perhaps being down is a trend "
 smile 
i'm taking my insomnia out for a stroll  what are you doing here?
philsophy club 
why is there a wall in my head? it is made of brick and clearly cannot exist in the same space my mind is in  also: philosophy club 
saga edition tomorrow at this one guy's house and somebody needs to get in contact with me  also: philosophy club 
saga edition in a few hours provided somebody gets back to me  also : philosophy club 
"saga editon when <propmale> wakes up   also, philosophy club "
saga edition has knocked me out 
let's see what happens tomorrow 
"alright, so dnd people ready to play today sound off because your game is in jeopardy right now "
"ok, so i'm like a coin right, guess which side is up? also: philosophy club "
"well i guess i got flip turned upside down  now let me take a minute , just sit right there i'll tell you how the end of this day makes me feel like i'm walking on air "
"ok, saga tomorrow  also: philosophy club "
"business from last night: found my laptop charge cord; i like how every time we talk i think there's more to the conversation that i'm not reacting to because i'm tired; wow, drama-drama; you guys wanna buy some deathsticks?;  i'm down for pizza, how about you?; next time, i'll make sure you miss the platform "
"so yeah, philosophy club and all that "
"so yeah, pathfinder today "
pathfinder's over  <propmale>'s starting up a new game 
roll call 
a whole morning of f-zero and t vs c sounds good to me  also pathfinder is like batman's parents 
"and i say again, roll call, and pathfinder's dead "
"i'm up, i think "
"saga , the bonus session, is on today "
i'm back 
"this morning i woke up and realized how hard i was trolling yesterday, and not just the one person reading this but other people  damn  "
and now i'm a positive person again 
i'd say 99 problems but a bitch ain't one  however i don't have 99 problems and i'm sure there's no bitch involved 
"hey guys, tomorrow, spring break is over and we're back to the grind  any last words?"
so how was the first week back?
the sun hurts my eyes sometimes 
i should take emt training sometime 
wants to say he studies more often then he does nothing 
boring cafeteria is boring 
home and wasting the time away from school 
hey guess what? its the morning
hey the cafeteria's getting better today 
hey home is quiet today 
let's see if i can go for two days 
i did it  we did it 
now back to the grind 
so far so good but today's the day with my easy classes 
"so far so good this week, tomorrow i'll have to e playful lain why i can't do something to someone who really doesn't care "
clash of the titans was funny 
the weakest session by far 
today was not a day off 
"uhh, how's sunday everybody?"
"got owned by the line outside the dmv, going to try again tomorrow "
got owned by a parking spot 
trying again today 
bitch! i am driving 
i cut off my first minivan driver today!
quite the sucessful session today  in many more ways then one 
move along everyone the rage monster is gone now 
has a first generation xbox right now 
"i am a rock, i am an island "
is tired 
feels like he needs some fries with that shake 
"hey guys, is <propfirst> alive?"
snuck in end of arc is snuck in 
"stuff is done, now to waste the rest of today "
math 
school is semi-interesting 
i don't like papers 
"yes, i shaved "
the stubble cometh!
i don't much like today 
i think i came down with something   
"there is no <propmale>, only texas instruments "
alright so let's see if i can talk by the end of tonight 
"my mind can be free to wander the wold that surrounds me rather then the world that astounds me once more   thank you everyone, this could have gotten nowhere but my head if you all were not involved "
"i have cleaned a great many things today, i feel like a janitor "
world cup 
my feet are extremely ticklish
"everyone seems so bored today, even i'm bored "
good morning 
tonight's a glorius night to try and take over myself 
<propmale> weaving is african 
cats make strange noises when you take them places 
jump good 
night 
is contemplating watching the original trilogy later today 
took a nap 
"ended up only watching episode 4, though i found some interesting ways to look at the social groups i'm a part of by doing so "
"ready for that test, now i just need to find a number of things to do to get me to 6 pm "
sometimes i wonder why i show up to this class 
i'm bored 
can't wait for tomorrow 
to all i bid thee good night!
"wow, short session was oddly done "
i'm in class 
"this just in, airman is <propfirst> mencia "
"the trick is not only going along with it, control isn't the key  the key is consent  you don't have to be the schemer to take advantage of the scheme "
    annoyed 
needs more sleep 
is tired 
starts today a later then usual 
blarg 
so who's doing what today because i'm not going to be bored?
last break before exam 4!
only the final to go!
"just got home, going to relax "
"hello sun  ,my blinds are saying hi "
damn you attendence recording!
"world cup , usa vs england  this is my day "
game over  1 - 1 
cool story bro 
this is my status 
bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
last day for summer a  
i'm free of math class!
i guess the chat is broken 
"hmm, i wonder what tomorrow brings?"
and now i get to be home 
today could use some spice 
"for a million reasons, today feels good man "
i think my phone can't text due to some service problem 
i would gladly kill you if you would just die! - still no cell phone for now 
i have a phone again!
"whomever invented locked lug nuts needs to die in a fire, even if they are already dead "
sometimes you just have to check out early 
why do i have things to do today?
what if immanuel kant was a psychic?
 smile 
accounting is easier then i remember it 
"that's an interesting question  \http annoyed  www digitalbusstop com mind-e playful lode "
today is a new day 
"id an honest day's work in an hour and a half, feels good man "
"at school, hungry and bored "
a brand new day 
happy birthday dad 
last day of summer b for me 
i'm free! feels good man 
so tired   
all packed to disappear for the next 8 days  now its just the waiting game until i end up at the airport 
i left florida for guidoland    
modern warfare 2 actually has a good story   
"i don't pull this \not sleep\"" thing like i used to   """
"thumbs up, i'm headed to the shore "
i'm back from two days at the shore  ask me anything 
"thank you so much for the birthday wishes everyone  i finally saw inception , ate white castle  had southern bbq in a place decorated like an amusement park  so far this is awesome!"
"went to a restaurant that had a dish called the dragon and the phoenix, how could i order anything else?"
i'm finally home 
note to self: don't get
i'm up but that doesn't mean i'm awake 
"i like how every time i have something important to do, i always wake up 7 hours before i actually have to do it "
"i'm back in business, literally "
fau financial aid doesn't cover books  yay!
day two at fau: i did not e playful ect to do work in this class  and i was right 
"hey everyone, heads up  my phone's going to be down for a little while "
"still no phone, still no books but i feel alright "
"no phone, no books but my homework is done, goodnight all "
i have phone!
"new radiator, cell phone is back, i have cash now  i'm tired enough not to care that much right now, i smell the beginning of an awesome day "
too tired 
apparently i wanted to be here because i am 
why the fresh hell am i still awake?
"my oh my \i didn't die "
"my social life did two 180's yesterday  first i was bummed because i couldn't get the car  then i get invited to this awesome show, at the show i see <propfirst>, <propmale> , and <propmale>  the bands were amazing now if only i could remember their names "
i am beyond done with this class 
"smooth jazz and a beard, ahh the simple things "
the chat is a liar 
must do more things 
i got a job!
now understands why people drink starbucks  not sure if i would do it again though 
"i have received internet, now if only i could receive some free time "
"yeah, i'm up, i don't know if i'm alive yet   "
"this place seems sorted, let's see what happens when i head to sleep "
i am done tonight 
"i am darth latte, i have fallen to the espresso side "
"let's all jump on the bandwagon!\ if you like my status i'll tell you: 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds  2  the color you remind me of  3  my first memory of you  4  the animal you remind me of  5  ask something i've always wondered about you  6 my favorite thing about you 7  give you a weird nickname  8  to post this "
first paycheck  feels good 
i have finally received the gift of internet back (i'm using the school's wifi)  given that my home internet has been down since last thursday  what did i miss?
"ok, i'm back "
"the earlier i sleep, the earlier i rise "
economics: graphing greed and self interest  in every situation 
the burning <propfemale> will light the path to your new path 
"beware the mutant, the heretic, and the zeno   most of all, beware the ones that you cannot see, for the ones you can see are already dead "
"yeah, i'm awake, so what?"
eat -> sleep  this is the way my one day vacation feels 
no internet at the home but i'm on at fau  off to class 
is in the beginning of an awesome day 
"awoo indeed, mr  <propfirst> "
"have a <propfemale> christmas everyone! i wish to those that sleep, that the awake to the splendor of gifts and welcome company  to those of us who are awake, i most certainly hope you have had a wonderful day  goodnight all "
is crazy 
this is a rice crunchies in chocolate milk kind of day 
salty food + general level of dehydration = bad idea 
is finally at home after braving the foggy back roads of west lake worth 
anthropology takes itself way too seriously 
"we have officially made ready the angry <propfemale>, join us next time as the plot thickens on wallhammer faulty <propfemale>!"
hot chocolate in the morning 
needs a new backup plan against boredom for when he ventures into lake worth 
beautiful world 
sleep is for the weak 
pig-moes have souls 
