faf360946d83b48d4471d089a038f11b
happy new year everyone!  hope your day was fabulous! 1 1 11 awesome date   i just had fun writing it  smile 
"wow, delete a little facebook account and everything goes and changes on ya!  i'm back  smile "
"there's just something about wednesday   it somehow just feels like all is well, just because friday is at the bottom of the hill  smile "
"one step further\do more than exist:  live \do more than touch:  feel \do more than look:  observe \do more than read:  absorb \do more than hear:  listen \do more than listen:  understand \do more than think:  reflect \do more than just talk:  say something \author unknown"
"i get really frustrated sometimes    i look out around the room and see no light bulbs above heads   seriously, i'm beginning to wonder if there's even electricity in the building!"
cleaning house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing
apparently there actually is electricity on in the building!!
"alright guys!  i hate football, don't ever get into it at all   but seriously!! what game are these officials watching!  who paid them and how much!??!!!"
state fair today   good times     i'm exhausted!!!!
so very very glad to be home where nothing needs to be done   ohh   wait   maybe not   maybe i should go back to work!!?
"we're having a howling good time as zach practices violin!  literally   the \music\"" makes the dog howl!!"""
"is deeply saddened   why is it that most people in this world who are doing right, are doing it quietly?  while people who are not doing right are making all the commotion?  help me, lord, to never again be ashamed to stand up for what i know is right   "
conferences     conferences    conferences    whew!!! glad it's done!
has never been so glad to be home!  i didn't let the door hit me on the way out!
looking forward to a night out with the kiddos! gonna hit rol trunk or treat!!  love 
really enjoyed hanging out at river of life tonight with the boys!  i'm very thankful for the outreach they do for the city of hot springs   deeply touched!  thanks  love 
what's the score in the arkansas game??  somebody?  anybody?
is thankful for the faith of a child    
is about to help the boys murder a couple of pumpkins    ewww    i hate pumpkin guts!
"you know you're getting old when it hits 7 smile 0 and you start thinking    ahhh   bedtime     it hit's 8 surprise 0 and you start thinking, \i better get in bed!  it's way past my bedtime!\"""""
as if this week hasn't been enough to make me want to run screaming    i just broke a freekin tooth!!! i've heard that god won't put on us more than we can bear   but i'm really starting to think that his opinion of what i can bear and mine are two very different things!!
<propfemale> was right    it is yesterday's tomorrow and   the sun did come out today!!!!    smile 
mathfest was awesome!  hot springs school district rocked!   smile   we have some awesome kids that solved their hearts out today!  must be because of all of those awesome teachers!   smile 
"my baby just figured out on his own how to add <propfirst>!!! he was playing a game on the computer, he asked for help   i just asked him if he had something he could count   he held up his fingers  smile  he did it correctly, and he could tell me why he did it that way!  i love it when kids think mathematically, and it's even better when it's my own kiddo!!"
"is the proud parent of an awesome teenager!  besides loving him because i am his mom, i truly love the person that he is   he's so much fun to be around!  i am truly blessed to have him "
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh friday!!
"is thankful that there is so much laundry to do   for it means, that my children are well clothed  smile "
"glad to have narrative behind me   practical ahead of me    now it's time to have some fun at school!!! have awesome learning planned to take place on the day before thanksgiving break   now let's just hope the kids come in tomorrow like little sponges, ready to absorb all wisdom and knowledge!!!!     smile "
"woooo hoooooooo!!!!  today is like friday, only better!!!!"
"family is forever, no matter what   my cup runneth over!   smile "
"happy day, turkey!"
"was all set to go shopping tomorrow     had the game plan and everything   but when dropping the kids off tonight, my car started acting like my alternator is going out   i was told that if i went, i might get stranded     sad part is   i'm still thinking about it   tossing around in my head who could come and get me    "
i braved hurricane black friday at wal-mart!  awesome!!!  smile 
holy cow!  did you see that?!?!  wooooo pig!!!
offense!! what happened to the hogs???
today's my baby's 6th birthday!  he thinks he rules the world today!  presents + chocolate cake =  hyper!!!
"yay!  my car is fixed!  no hitch-hiking to work this week!   smile   about to put the christmas tree up, life is good!"
after two weeks of some much needed procrastination    i have finally scored 4 writing prompts!  count them!  1   2   3   4   wow!!!  now i only have 19 to go!!   sad   have i ever mentioned how much i love scoring writing prompts??
"a quote from an informational article about english bulldogs    \people with sensitive noses shouldn't own an english bulldog \""  there are 2 of them asleep at my feet at the moment   i agree!  love my bullies though!   love """
migraine     since saturday    i need relief and can find none   
security notice: all activities are monitored via 24 hour video surveillance monitored live on the web and recorded off premises   all violations will be prosecuted!!!
did someone ask for a video camera for christmas???  maybe asking <propfemale> for a video camera is like asking god for <propfemale>      
"\be our guest!!\""  come out to ovpa tonight @6 for the final showing of the most amazing show we've ever done    beauty and the beast!  come and be wowed by our kinderg<propmale>en through fourth graders!  they are amazing!  our <propmale> staff can't be beat!  go ovpa!"""
"i'm very very proud of our students!  i am most honored to be able to say that i work at the best school!  way to go, ms  hall!  the show was absolutely amazing!"
nyquil    i need you now    sure hope i'm not a zombie in the morning!  2 more days    2 more days   i can do 2 more days    right?
"why does just about everything that a 13 year old says to his younger sibling have the words \your face\"" in it????"""
"there were three deer in my yard just now   so beautiful   the dogs were at the fence barking at them   they didn't mind them one bit, they stayed   i went and got my camera    they stayed   i took a picture    or attempted to    they stayed   it's too dark the pictures didn't come out!   sad   a beautiful sight to see, so wish my camera would've cooperated!"
is loving not having to work this week!  ahhhhhhh   i needed this break!
"finally done shopping!  plenty of time to spare!   smile   now    who's going to wrap this stuff???!!!  would i be a big scrooge if i just put the gifts in a big pile in the middle of the living room floor and say \hey boys   have at it!\""  that's only since i've been informed tying the walmart sack in a knot so that it loosely resembles a bow doesn't count as wrapping    """
<propfemale> christmas to all   smile   perfect day with my family!   smile 
"nerf dart war    thank you, god for blessing me with boys!!! and thanks grandpa for dart guns!!!  awesome day!"
loving dancing around the living room with zach to movie end credit tunes!  i love it so much because i know that in a few short years he will be too cool to dance with his mother   i know this because <propmale> is looking at us like we've lost our minds!
monday    wow    is the first day back at work too early to start counting till the next break??
chocolate syrup    french vanilla coffee mate   and an entire pot of coffee   awesome treat just for me!!!  might be just what i need to finish getting all of my grades in tonight!!!
i think zach is sleepwalking   it's kinda creepy even when you know what it is!!sleepwalking must run in the family!
it's a winter wonderland!  hssd has canceled school already!  i've never known them to cancel until the last minute!  wow!  i don't have to get up early in the morning!   smile 
why did i get up at 5 smile 0 a m  on a snow day???   smile   stinkin' alarm!!
another snow day tomorrow   lord have mercy on math test scores!!!
snowing again        smile 
"it's official   our snow man has been brutally murdered!!  his eyes, nose and mouth have been pecked out and he's partially decapitated!!  man (bird) hunt underway!!  lol  that's what we get for making his face with chex mix when there are tons of hungry birds out there!!!   smile "
"holy cow!!!  again!!!???  i need to go teach some math!!!!  oh   and reading and writing too   aren't those next week!    i thought the roads were getting better in town!  they just closed 70w out here not far from me, but i thought they were good in town!"
i really really want to know what the draw is for brothers to antagonize each other until one is crying and the other is sulking?  really?  is this fun for anyone????
"even though i shopped before it snowed   ran out of milk yesterday, coffee is almost gone   just emptied the coffee creamer   i see kroger's in my future!!  kinda funny how being stuck in the house makes the grocery <propmale> go wayy up, huh?"
i've got to go to school!  who's with me????
hssd gets to go to school tomorrow!  i'm wondering about lh   the road in front of my house is still solid ice!
went shopping at walgreens    bought $71 worth of stuff   paid $13   and got $8 back in walgreens rewards    i'm loving the couponing thing!!
mississippi one time    mississippi two times    mississippi three times    mississippi eight times   violin practice   a string concerto   lord help mrs  j's ears!!!
"the most common phrase in my daily speech      \boys!!  stop!!  stop now!!\"""""
if you like couponing   go become a friend of my friend   cost cutters   she shares lots of little secrets!!!   smile   go find her on facebook!!
is tomorrow jeans day?
     migraine     and all of this free excedrin is doing nothing for it       sad 
"coupon alert   deal valid tomorrow only at walgreens   if you still have those $0 50 2 coupons on chex mix   you can get 6 chex mix for a total of 17 cents each   there's a sale making them $1 33 each, stack 3 of the chex mix coupons with the one  from the walgreens coupon book from the front of the store   you'll pay $4 50 but get $3 50 back in rewards  you must by 6 for this deal to work "
redbull    smile 
"today:  loads of laundry done, 0  number of dishes washed, 0   number of floors vaccuumed, 0   number of coupons clipped, 0   a day to do absolutely nothing, priceless!   smile "
betcha there's more free toothpaste on the horizon    i'm gonna need to give some toothpaste away soon        smile 
"zach:  \i know why god makes it snow sometimes \""  me:  \""really?  why?\""  zach:  \""it's simple mom!  he likes to make kids happy!  just like exclamation marks!\""     theology and punctuation lessons (all in one) from a 6 year old!  gotta love it!"""
"went grocery shopping   my kroger's total was $338 before coupons   after   $88   i saved $250!!!!  my big challenge now on couponing   don't go buy it   no matter how cheap it is!!  i have enough food to last the family at least a month   maybe more!  now to \tame the stockpile\""!!"""
"okay   i know   i said i'd quit shopping   but when it's 8 packages of pasta for 12 cents   does that count as shopping???  yeah, i know   but i'm going back to harvest foods   the q e playful ires today    i can't help it!!"
lasagna  smile 
the headache isn't a lack of water    i've been making sure i drink plenty!!
the inevitable is    inevitable    no matter what you do   
zach is running fever again   once a month   every stinking month   what's the deal?
does anyone need want use silk almond milk ???  i have coupons and a match up for this week to get it for $0 99 if anyone wants it!   smile 
bed!!
i  love  kroger    and i  love  q's    and i really need to stop shopping!!
i just learned something new    wal-mart managers routinely pull items off of their shelves when there is a high value coupon out that would make the item free   they only restock the item after the high value coupons e playful ire    ughhh  yet another reason to dislike the giant!
snow day!!  wish they'd have decided that before i got up early (or at least before i got the boys up   they are in rare form!!)  they are acting just like the kids at school have been acting all week long!!
feeding the birds    they look hungry  smile 
thv reported at 9 a m   there were already 80 accident reports in the hot springs area    be careful out there   or just stay home!!
"power is flickering    off   on    off   on    please god,  don't let us lose power!!  it's cold   my house is all electric   wouldn't be good   about to go trekking out to the shop to <propfemale> in that old kerosene heter   and hope i still have fuel   better safe than sorry!!"
2  1 4 inches on the ground here now   buses loaded at lh shortly after 9 a m   i just saw almost 2 hours later the bus that would have brought <propmale> home pass by  (had i put him on that bus this morning)   almost two hours later that poor bus driver is only 15 minutes through his normal route!  we only live a half mile from the school!
what are our e playful ected accumulation totals???  the last i heard was 1-2 inches   i must be behind the times!
does anyone know if the bypass has reopened yet?
"i'm doing the \happy walgreens dance\""  first   when you go during the superbowl   no one is in there    next   my total before coupons   $70   after   $3 53   and i got $8 back in register rewards   i'm calling that free!!!"""
it either rained snow   or it snowed rain   it's a sloggy mess out there!  yuck!  where's spring?  let's go groundhog hunting!!
"    and today  i taught my friendly neighborhood walgreens manager the <propmale> of \filler items\""   smile """
"coupons came in the mail   i'm off to wags for 70 cent pasta sauce, 50 cent peanut butter, 75 cent (100 ct ) lipton tea bags, free toothpaste, free hand sanitizer and free breathe right strips    smile "
"wags update   spent $13  got 4 pasta sauce, 2 boxes of tea bags, 4 peanut butter, 2 tubes of toothpaste, 3 capri sun, 3 cran grape juice, 3 hand sanitzers, and a handful of laffy taffy (fillers)    still have $11 in rr   yeah i'm bragging    lol"
my most recent text message:  kark alerts extended alert:  winter storm warning in effect for <propmale> county until 02 09 2011 18 surprise 0   need a generator?                         lord i sure hope not!!!
"i have to keep reminding the boys that school tomorrow has not been canceled yet   and that the official stance in this house is that tomorrow is an official school day   homework, bathtime, and bed time rules are still in effect!!"
just got the call    hssd    snow day #5!!!  lord help our summer!
"snowpocalypse     it's here    it's here   lh decided they didn't want to play the second verse of the song \last friday\""   back to bed    phone woke me up!  smile """
nothing like snow falling to bring out my inner child!!  i just watched the latest weather reports and it has accumulation totals lower than originally e playful ected for hot springs    i must admit   i'm disappointed
will not be shopping with coupons today      smile   see??? i'm not addicted   
"it's official   snow day #6 tomorrow   our superintendent encouraged parents to do educational activities with their children at home  smile   i told my students before we left on tuesday that if we were out they had to do some math  right after breakfast   then they had to read after lunch   one kid said \you mean we have to pretend we're in school?\"""""
i scream    you scream    we all scream for snow cream!    i just made some for the first time in my life   the boys loved it!!
it's snowing again out here!  if i have to be out of work anyway   bring on the snow!!
"does anyone else notice that after snow day #1, fb was flooded with awesome snowman pics?  and now on snow day #6   not so much?"
it's meeeeelllllllltttttttttiiiiinnnnnnggggg     the sun will get you my pretty!!
if calculations serve me    i have enough laundry detergent to last me through the end of july   and i paid less than $15 for all of it     i'm thinking that's pretty good  smile 
love having a neighbor who works for frito lay!  free box of chips and peanut butter crackers!  awesome!
"thinks little caesars' \hot-n-ready\"" idea is pure genius!!"""
"is pretty sure that the two boys are having a contest to see who can say \mom\""  more times in 15 minutes!!!  i'm changing my name!!!  (& they don't get to know what it is!!)  ughhhhh"""
"if anyone ever buys danimals yogurt   kroger has a good deal on them now   the 6 packs are priced at 1 88 each   many of the packages have \peelies\"" on them for $0 55 that will double   so you can get the 6 pack of yogurt for $0 78!  pretty good deal!"""
"as <propfirst>'s day winds to a close   i reflect on love   and when it comes to love, i know two inherent truths    first, i learned how to love from my mother   unconditionally   second, i learned what love really is when my first child was born   for the truth that i know, i am truly blessed   and to think   god loves us more than that!  inconceivable to my earthly mind!"
oh wow     <propmale> just came in and said \mom," zach dropped the f-bomb!\"" \"faf360946d83b4 laugh 4471d089a038f11b,uggggghhhhhhh
daytona 500 baby!!!  go <propmale>!!
"<propmale> is showing me all of his writing!  my baby loves, loves, loves to write   and i love, love, love his teacher for teaching him how!!  i'm impressed with this kindergartener's writing!!!!"
i  love  red box!
earthquakes    kark reported that arkansas has had at least one (sometimes several) every day since feb 12th   i think i see revelations!
"alright, i just counted the number of quakes that have hit arkansas since the beginning of february   are you ready for this??  218!! they are getting stronger, and closer together; sometimes as many as 23 a day!  does anyone else wonder if these are new madrid's labor pains??  we all know what happens when contractions get stronger and closer together   "
"the pythagorean theorem     by coincedence, three indian squaws are giving birth on the same night  one has a deer hide for a bed, and gives birth to a 5 lb  boy  another has an antellope hide and gives birth to a 6 lb  boy  the third squaw has a hippopotamus hide (she travels alot) and births an 11 lb  boy  \which proves that the son of the squaw on the hippopotamus = the sum of the sons on the other 2 hides "
did anyone just feel anything that seemed like an earthquake???  or did my dogs try to break down the door while i was in the shower???
is clippin' q's
"after sitting cross-legged on the floor for an extended period of time   i realized why i no longer hold reading groups at the carpet   it took me a couple of minutes to get fully upright again   i had to do it in stages, straightening out one body part at a time   wow, what's with this?!?  i'm not even old yet!! then again, my concept of \old\"" is constantly changing   """
zach (batman) has changed his mind about his future career   he doesn't want to be a teacher like his mom (he says because teachers should be allowed to hit kids and they're not!  he said it   not me!)  he now wants to be a doctor!  my he's all over that pay scale isn't he???
"too much to do   score writing prompts, do lesson plans    feel too tired and run down to do any of it!  i need a nap!!"
okay   since i had such a productive day and accomplished everything i needed to (not!) i'm going to bed!  i did however plan math   go figure that's the part i do first   
i tend to forget this   but my first job   my most important job   is just being a mom   
"can only imagine how this song sounds with a bunch of kindergarten boys wearing taps!  this is one excited little boy, he's hamming up his performance   and big brother approves!"
head cold   i feel like i'm going to drown in dehydration    the motion of the waves is making me sea sick and dizzy   my mouth and throat are so dry it hurts to talk   now off to school where 23 kids will be waiting on me to teach them something    ugggghhhhhh
        spring     break      ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"today is house cleaning day   and as <propmale> rolls his eyes back in his head and breathes his loudest possible angry sighs   i hear my daddy's words from my own childhood ringing in my ears   \what good are munchkins if they don't do chores!?!\""   i absolutely love turning into my parents!"""
just came back from wags where i made more in register rewards than i spent   so i essentially had more money when i left than when i went in   by $8!!  free items! 9 of them!!   total savings 78 14!  i only paid tax on the items and have more in register rewards to roll next week!  gosh this is fun!  need to get organized for kroger!!  my coupons serve me well!
"life of a mom annoyed stop! don't hit him! don't bite the dog! why are you licking the floor? dog toys do not belong in the fridge! sit down! whose crying now?? shhh!\"""""
kroger run   paid $28 for $87 worth of groceries    not bad  smile   more free pasta   need to find someone to give free pasta to    
"<propmale>'s first sleepover is underway   the twins from his class are here and right off the bat, they want to play school   zach says it's free writing time first   then he wonders if i can \pretend\"" like i'm a teacher and do reading groups!  nahhh   i don't think i know how to do that     lol"""
shhhh    be verrry verrrryyyy quiet!  they're all asleep!  whew!
last wags run of the week   over $200 worth of merchandise for $10 71 plus i have $25 in rewards for next time!  man this is great!  savings today   96 5%!!
"here it is the last day of spring break    and somehow it went from feeling like spring break to feeling more like winter break!!  now that it feels like winter again, we get to go back to the real world!!  bye bye spring break!  sad "
"i love math!  i've always been good at it, and i love teaching it!  so why is it that every time <propmale> brings home his 8th grade math homework, i'm forced to go and google these algebraic terms to remember what they are?!?  it's because my brain knows that i don't have to remember!  after all, isn't that what google is for?  lol  i'm beginning to think that the internet is responsible for my own \dumbing down\""!!  lol"""
"zach's big revelation of the day:  \mom!!  mom!!  i just learned how to do the arm fart!!\"""""
parent teacher conferences   two nights   they're over but the conferences aren't!!  ugh
goodness    i've never been so glad to see a weekend!!
just left wags with $3 20 more in my pocket than i had when i went in (register reward didn't print)   plus left with$33 in stuff    smile   puppies are happy with thier free doggie treats   and i'll be excited to drink my free coffee      smile   smile   smile 
oh!! beautiful saturday    how i've missed you!!
of all the skills i've taught this year   the most important???  listening!!!! let's see how well we've mastered that one!!
after lots and lots of dreading   i finally filed my taxes!  woo hoo!
