9ef791c844e878cbf6c3486d3e8f32ba
ready for a nite out! lookin' to just let me hair down!  smile  anyone wanna roll??  love 
"my full support and prayers goes out to oakland's <propfirst> <propmale> and the rest of the team   it is rediculous that he was flagged?! for thanking god! unacceptable! > sad  lord forgive them for they know not what they do   let us rejoice and celebrate in your name against all opposition! let us be strong in our hearts to know that whether a prayer, a kneel, a song, or a whisper   that we are heard by you "
is oh so sleepy 
haha! okay i am totally obsessed with these darn beta games now! lmao    join me in happy aquarium and restaurant life!  smile 
facebook has been very quiet today   hmmm   lol   hope all is well fb fam!  love 
sometimes people feel trapped in an impossible situation only to discover that they have only been trapped by their lack of ability to imagine an alternative   
"the greatest happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved-- loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves   love "
wishing it would rain again for a lazy saturday coming up   rain  book  comfy blanket  all day in bed     smile   love 
"blackberry users! have you ever caught your self on a regular keyboard trying to use your bberry short key strokes outta habit?? lol, like pressing the space bar twice thinking a period is gonna show up? i am obviously on my bberry waaaaaay too much! haha, not! lmao! ;p"
"my bro finally joined facebook! hahaha yay! lmao  whatever, i'm excited  ;p"
" love  2010  love     i'm ready, are you??"
"? ? ? ? someone plz tell me why i have \time after time\"" stuck in my head     lmao ? ? ? ? really great new years <propfemale>- <propfemale>      wink   love   love  thanks dutch  lolol"""
there is a very fine line between confidence and arrogance   where do you stand?
? ? ? ? i'm singin' in the rain!   just singin' in the rain!   what a glorious feeling!   ? ? ? ?
"??lovin' this beautiful winter storm! only in socal do we have wind, rain, sleet and snow, then blue skies and sunshine & back again in less than 30 <propmale>! it's a beautiful thing!??"
is blissfully in a reflective state of mind  love 
i am so soooo thankful for all the blessings and amazing ppl in my life!  love 
" love   love  god <propmale> me the serenity  to accept the things i cannot change;  courage to change the things i can; and wisdom to know the difference   living one day at a time;  enjoying one moment at a time;  accepting hardships as the pathway to peace;  taking, as he did, this sinful world as it is, not as i would have it;  trusting that he will make all things right, if i surrender to his will     love   love "
my birthday! my birthday! its almost my birthday! yayyyyyyyyyyyy!  wink 
had an amazing birthday week! thank you everyone for all of your birthday wishes!  wink   love  thanks to my bff's for an awesome bday nite! <propfemale> & <propfirst> you guys are the best!  love  i am so thankful for all of the wonderful people in my life and i am super-duper extra motivated for the year to come! it's going to be the best one yet! love you all!  love 
ripped my favorite pants b c they just couldn't fit over my butt nemore!    drove straight to the gym    time to get in the bikini-time swing!  wink 
watched the blind side! omg suuuuuuuuch a great movie! definately a buy!  wink 
"in my true mind & hearts-eye   i am a conundrum wrapped in ambiguation; sprinkled with adventure, rolled in glitter and floating on a whim  i may be intriguing for some and frustrating for others, but i am me just the same  ?"
"lord, please give me strength   "
"up wayyyyyy too late, but got alot accomplished so yayyyy for that! it's all good  i'll sleep better knowing its done!  smile "
"everything happens for a reason   through faith, perseverance and love   i shall see his path for me   living life through god's plan and in god's hand  through him all things are possible   love "
i believe everything happens for a reason    people change so you can learn to let go    things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they go right    and sometimes good things fall apart so better things fall together  ~ <propfemale> <propmale>?
i trust in the lord with all my heart  love  to guide me in the direction of the path he has designed for me   smile 
"the lord has blessed me w  you   you don't even know how much you have changed me  i'm so thankful for the love you have given me, the friendship you've shown me & the strengths you have emulated through my weakest moments  you make me smile all day through & for all my doubts, worries and fears you only have all the right things to say   you are my blessing my love and i want you to know, i'll be forever true    love "
praying for what god has in store   hoping i'm ready  love 
everything happens for a reason   & i have a sneaking suspicion that the lord has been throwing up barriers to force me in the right direction    obviously i wasn't getting the subtle guidance he has been giving me through the power of choice   thank u lord for breakin out the ninja moves!  wink   love 
the beauty u see in my eyes is purely a reflection of what i see in u   ?
"even the ocean as beautiful as it is, can become relentless with the right variables   "
there is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you      the great <propfemale> angelou  love 
"wow   i thought i was cool when i had the black vip card from starbucks, but they just sent me a shiny gold one with my name on it!   lmao ;p ?"
if u only knew how u make the day sparkle    love 
i am so very thankful for all of the many blessings the lord has given me   love  everything in life happens for a reason & sometimes the biggest blessings are in the unanswered prayers  for if those prayers had been answered for me i would not have all of the wonderful things that he has blessed me with since    love 
so excited about what the future holds    love  the possibilities are endless   
"i love u like summertime   like a preacher loves sunday   love u like a freeze pop   love u like a high school girl on a first date   love u like shooting stars   love u like a muscle car   i love u like sunsets   bubble baths on a jet   love u like sugar daddies   love u like a pimp caddy   love u like a spa day   love u like louboutin heels & a miniskirt   love u like   laying in the bed, bumping jodeci    love   love   love "
? lovin' the rain & so excited for earth day tomorrow!  love   love 
i  love  earth day! hope everyone is having an absolutely beautiful day! ? happy 40th anniversary to our planet! what are you doing today to make a difference? what about tomorrow? we only have one life & one planet   let's take care of it so its beauty is here for our childrens' children to enjoy & <propfemale>!  love 
"it is truly amazing    love  ready to embark on this long-postponed journey; to reach a destination my heart has forever desired   lord, plz bless me w  balance, <propfemale>, guidance, strength, diligence & clarity   i love you  thank you for reminding me that dreams will only become reality thru action   & all of which are attainable thru an ever-lasting faith in ur love & the life path that u have blessedly set for me   love "
everything happens for a reason   its amazing  love 
so excited for church tomorrow! ready to embrace what lies ahead!  love  looking forward to my trip back to san <propfemale>! yaayyy!  smile 
"oh beautiful sunday!  love  an amazing service, lunch @ the nordy's cafe, shoes, lattes & a leisurely float in the pool   oh how i love sundays  love   love  xoxo  wink "
what a beautiful start to the week today was!  love  can't wait for tomorrow! yaaayyyyyyyyyyyy! san <propfemale>  oakland here i come!  smile 
today is the day that is that day   !! yeeeeeeeeah!  smile  i love to take flight to be with love    love 
beautiful day    love 
the affections & intentions of my heart are not to be mistaken for weakness 
? shooting stars ? i love the az night sky  love 
"another beautiful day in northern az  love  from flagstaff to sedona   warm sunshine & clear blue skies, snow-kissed mountains, birds chirping, statuesque trees against beautiful redrock backdrops     love   love "
whats meant to be will always find its way  love 
"so i just got a link sent to me about romantic compatabilities & realtionships   \\pisces is a very flamboyant sign, and is almost completely ruled by emotion  as such, a relationship with a pisces is an all-consuming e playful erience that you need to be prepared to devote some time to  they will reward you with undying loyalty and showers of affection, but are also easily hurt and angered \\wow   oh so true    love "
today is the first day in the rest of your life   what will you make of it? your choice for tomorrow starts with today   love 
in dealing with matters of the heart   don't attempt to tear down a fence until u know why it was put up in the first place    love   love 
"seeking clarity, definition, direction, prosperity and happiness within & for the passions of my heart, my life & my purpose   lord, please help me to embrace an open heart, open mind and the <propfemale> needed to reach my desired point of reflection and the strength & diligence to make an impact  amen   love "
"it's kailee's birthday!!!! yaayyy!  wink  \happy birthday to you ¸ •*¨*•?? ??•*¨*• ¸ happy birthday to you ¸¸ •*¨*•?? ??•*¨*• ¸ happy birthday to the best girl in the whole world, kailee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   ¸¸ •*¨*•?? ??•*¨*• ¸ happy birthday to you!!! \ love   love   love  i love you kailee  love   love   love "
?the sun is somewhere shinning even when it rains   ?
"happy birthday to you ¸ •*¨*•?? ??•*¨*• ¸ happy birthday to you ¸¸ •*¨*•?? ??•*¨*• ¸ happy birthday to the bestest bro in the whole world, bryan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   ¸¸ •*¨*•?? ??•*¨*• ¸ happy birthday to you!!!  love   love   love  i love you so much! love   love   love "
looking forward & praying for blessed opportunities    love 
"could this be it? could this be the time? lord, i hope so!  love  my hopes are high, my faith is strong and my prayers are honest   please guide me in the direction you see fit   i find strength in your love and trust in your path for me   love "
"enjoyed the beautiful sunshine @ the pool with the best kid in the whole world today! i am so very, very lucky!  love   wink "
beautiful day  love 
i have the best mom ever   love 
i  love  nacho cheese doritos! hahaha ;p
game time!!!! yaayyy! finally can watch the game on my tv! yes!!  laugh  go celtics! (ode to my bro   lol)? <propmale> boarman
"tylenol pm, i  love  u    goodnite ;o zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
the things we are able to endure are a true reflection of the person we have become   love 
what if fine isn't good enough?   what if i want extraordinary?
in dealing with matters of the heart   don't attempt to tear down a fence until u know why it was put up in the first place   ? ?
one moment ur dancing in a stream with not a care in the world only to turn around and realize ur chasing a waterfall    this stream is starting to look familiar 
"if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best "
"i believe everything happens for a reason   \people change so you can learn to let go   \things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they go right   \and sometimes good things fall apart so better things fall together   love "
"oh in-n-out, how i love thee    love "
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it just means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections  love 
sometimes people feel trapped in an impossible situation only to discover that they had only been trapped by their lack of ability to imagine an alternative 
"you can make all the excuses you want for why you're unhappy, or you can bite the bullet and make changes  either way, it's your decision "
happy daddy's day to all my daddys out there! hope u have an amazing day!  love   love   love   wink 
nobody is perfect; until u fall in love with them  love 
"tough times don't last, but tough people do   smile "
anyone want to be my pen-pal?? lol    i want to be excited to check the mail again     smile 
"do u know that i'm thinking of you? if i wrote you a love letter, would you write back?"
"sometimes the best thing u can do is to take a step back & realize what's truly important, count ur blessings & take a deep breath  all that's meant to be will be   love "
"do not worry of tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself  each day is filled with enough to handle then to be worrying of the next  free your heart & embrace each day as it is  there are blessings in each day that shouldn't be missed in the midst of your worries of tomorrow   love "
i am so thankful    the lord has blessed me with some emotional stress relief today & has given me some clarity on the things that have been heavy on my heart  i did not ask this of him although i should have & by giving me this he has assured me that my directions should be led thru him    for thru him all things are possible   love 
"lazy day today, it was nice   love "
"never make someone a priority, who only makes you an option "
"alright, so the weather is looking like its gonna be really great tomorrow! yaayyyyy! bbq @ my place! i'm gonna pick up some stuff for the bbq @ some drinks but bring whatever! there's plenty of space & coolers! don't forget ur bathing suits!  laugh  anyone want to volunteer to be head bbq stud?? ;p haha txt me for addrs & directions! 951-515-4161 ? kids, bf's, gf's & bff's all welcome! the more the merrier!"
you don't alter <propfemale> wang to fit you   you alter you to fit <propfemale> wang! gosh! what do boys learn?!
life is so unpredictable   
you made me smile today ?
y does this crossroad feel like a never-ending labyrinth?
are you thinking about me? i'm thinking about you     love 
it's all so amazing    love 
take time on me   i promise u it will be worth it  love 
it's all a process    and yet i'm feeling so far removed from it in every way   
"never make someone a priority, who only makes you an option "
the affections & intentions of my heart are not to be mistaken for weakness   
sometimes in life the only answer is a leap of faith    love 
"\in dealing with matters of the heart   don't attempt to tear down a fence until u know why it was put up in the first place \""  love """
"\sometimes people feel trapped in an impossible situation only to discover that they had only been trapped by their lack of ability to imagine an alternative \"""""
today will never happen again in ur lifetime or the lifetimes of ur children   make something new of today and take a moment to realize that each day is fleeting and u only have one life to live    love  happy 8-9-10 everyone!
so i have decided that i am going to go live in tahiti     do as the natives do    would be a blissful life     love 
"off to dreamland   see u in the sand, pinã-colada in hand  i'll have an extra one waiting for u to meet me there   ?  wink "
1st day of 2nd grade!!!!!! yaaaayyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *happy dance*  wink 
looking forward to a new chapter   we are the authors of our destiney   never sacrifice from the life you were meant to have    love 
it is such a beautiful day today    love  be thankful for all that you have been blessed with and take a moment to reflect on what is truly important to you  take action to fill those opportunities and relationships with all that you have to give  we only have one moment to decide for each moment is fleeting and will never return  make sure that you are reflecting in action what you hold true in your heart   love 
"i wish that even for a moment, you could see you thru my eyes   then u would see how truly beautiful you are   love "
"??the lessons of our lives only hold true meaning, when they are reflected in future decisions??"
"i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  \i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  \i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  \i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love  i love my kid   love "
"to the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world  love "
"it has been a rough week but my baby loves me, my mom supports me and the lord is walking by my side  gonna be alright   love "
\i believe everything happens for a reason   \,9ef791c844e878cbf6c3486d3e8f32ba,"in my true mind & hearts-eye   i am a conundrum wrapped in ambiguation; sprinkled with adventure, rolled in glitter and floating on a whim  i may be intriguing for some and frustrating for others, but i am me just the same  ?"
"it's going to be a long and tedious road ahead, but the light at the end of the tunnel is shinning bright and the lord is holding my hand  could this be the new beginning that i have been hoping and praying for?? i think it just might    love "
"la la la, la la la, you make me smile  laugh "
"through him all things are possible   love  i find my strength in him, my comfort in him, support & love through him  through the trials of my life it is in him i put my faith   love "
it's time to make a difference  love  we only have one life and one world to live in    love 
today is a new day    love 
"every day we are given the opportunity to make a difference   in the outcome of our <propfemale>, in the life of a child, in the preservation of our environment, in how we make a difference   & each day through the differences we make, we can emulate true love through our choice in actions   so, in turn the question becomes, how will you love today? will you chose to love today, by chosing to make a difference?  love "
girl scouts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we are officially in brownies! yaayyy! *happy dance* let's make it a great day!  wink 
"i pray for the lord to bless me with strength, guidance and sustainability     i know in my heart i have given all i can give, and then some   "
i was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new  what is broken is broken - and i'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as i live 
"there are times in life that it seems impossible 2 see the light @ the end of the tunnel through all the trials & assaults & sleeze  it is in these moments that i'm especially thankful 4 all of the many blessings the lord has given me; for all of the love & support that the lord has allowed 4 me  it is the lord who undoubtedly knows the truth, sees all things & shall protect me from those who are unjust against me love "
the lord works in beautiful ways ? it's time to breathe   
"??the lessons of our lives only hold true meaning, when they are reflected in future decisions??"
had a very refreshing weekend  great way to start the new chapter     love 
it's not always what your doing in life that's important  it's what you are becoming    love 
everyday i am so beautifully reminded of how very lucky i am    and i only have the lord to thank  it is through the trials in this life that while finding ourselves we find him    love 
"love, love, love the rain! could use a big fluffy blanket, a cup of cocoa and my cuddling <propmale> right now!  love   smile "
still living each day as if it could be the one that leads to 'happily ever after'    love 
"its amazing when we look back on the difficult periods in our lives, how we can so clearly see the necessary life lessons, self changes, otherwise missed opportunities, incredible people and seemingly random series of events   that we were meant to e playful erience, endure, appreciate and love  it is thru god's plan that we will truly <propfemale>, grow and move towards a clearer happiness  love "
every day i think of you    and every night i dream of you     love 
"i'm not sure where this turn is taking me, but i pray to gain the stability and peace of mind we so desperately need "
sometimes people feel trapped in an impossible situation only to discover that they had only been trapped by their lack of ability to imagine an alternative   pondering my alternatives   
breathe   
so excited for the progress made and the days to come    love 
i was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new  what is broken is broken - and i'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as i live  moving forward to a better life    love 
sometimes u just have to stop and watch the clouds go by    love 
"so thankful for the blessings in my life   for those that the lord has put in my life to make me laugh, smile and love   so amazingly that it seems nothing else is that big at all     love "
sometimes we are so wrapped up in our daily trials that it is hard to see through it all   but sometimes just taking a step outside the box can really give us the perspective of the lord at work and remind us that its all in his hands 
everything happens for a reason    what is meant to be will be     love  lord please <propmale> me the strength to accept what i cannot change and <propmale> me peace in dealing with all the rest   
looking forward to the future    love 
"engage in life-giving relationships in life-giving ways    clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and <propfemale>  ?"
\i believe everything happens for a reason   \,9ef791c844e878cbf6c3486d3e8f32ba,"in my true mind & hearts-eye   i am a conundrum wrapped in ambiguation; sprinkled with adventure, rolled in glitter and floating on a whim  i may be intriguing for some and frustrating for others, but i am me just the same  ?"
sometimes a leap of faith is the most freeing decision    love 
"? the hardest of all is learning to be a well of affection, and not a fountain; to show them we love them not when we feel like it, but when they do  ~ <propfemale> fairbrother"
looking forward to christmas!  love 
"living on the notion that achievement, intelligence, ability and success is not merely the product of a systematic educational structure, but the product of ones will, drive, passions and personal e playful erience choices, lessons, failures & motivations   smile  we are who we want to be and become who we strive to become  ?"
"believe in taking chances even if it's not the most popular decision to everyone else, no one knows what's best for me except me    put yourself out there to take the risk, you just might end up having one of the most beautiful e playful eriences of your life  ?"
"there are so many times in life that we are given the valuable opportunity to learn lessons from our trials, e playful eriences and circumstances; to embrace this and reflect, implement and grow   is truly the gift that we can give to ourselves and to our own lives   love "
? love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence  ~ h  l  mencken
"??love ya like shooting stars, love ya like a muscle car, love ya like we're destined   you did the impossible ??  love   love "
i smiled today because of you     love 
"what i'm gonna be is something more than anyone could think of me  do what you want, i'm still gonna live my <propfemale>  i've got one <propmale> to live my life, and as long as i'm alive i will make it   love "
"it is what it is   and interestingly enough i am totally okay with that    love  i have amazing family and friends, a daughter that loves me and a lord that forgives me    love "
can't wait to breathe    saturday here i come!  laugh   love  vaca with my love long overdue!! san <propfemale> @ christmas time! i'm so excited!  love 
 love 
"what is it about la, that as soon as u roll back into town, snoop hits the radio and there is this sudden urge to slap on the chucks & hit roscoes @ 1am?  laugh  cali love baby   love "
? sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence  ~ <propfirst> byrne
"<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family  may ur holidays be filled with friends, family, happiness, love and wonderful memories   love "
"\in dealing with matters of the heart   don't attempt to tear down a fence until u know why it was put up in the first place \"""""
"being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect  it just means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections   the greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved -- loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves   love "
"? love, unrequited, robs me of my rest: love, hopeless love, my ardent soul encumbers: love, nightmare-like, lies heavy on my chest, and weaves itself into my midnight slumbers ~ a  frieligrath"
"? we are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love  it is a happy <propmale> if we, changing, continue to love a changed person  ~ w  somerset maugham"
? the spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in  ~ sorin cerin
"the weight you <propfemale> on your shoulders is much too heavy for one human being  give some of that weight where it belongs, - to god, and have faith that what happens is for the best, whether you understand it or not  all is going according to plan  trust that there is a bigger picture  trust that life is unfolding as it should  have faith in the path that god has laid out for you    love "
"? just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have  ~ source unknown"
"? don't hold to anger, hurt or pain  they steal your energy and keep you from love  ~ <propfirst> buscagli"
always play true to who you are   it is only you that falls short of satisfaction if you don't 
"? line by line, moment by moment, special times are etched into our memories in the permanent ink of everlasting love in our relationships  ~ <propfemale> gaither"
 love  the heart wants what it wants   
"? you will always have to live with yourself, and it is to your best interest to see that you have good company - a clean, pure, straight, honest, upright, generous, magnanimous companion  ~ a terance dinesh"
? love is the irresistible <propfemale> to be irresistibly <propfemale>d ~ <propfirst> twain
"every day we are given the opportunity to self and life evaluate, to be better, to grow, and to deliberately move in a more intentional direction to who we want to be and who we want to become  we have to make the conscious choice to be better than we were yesterday and better tomorrow than we are today  it is through this growth, change, choice and reflection that we find who we really are   love "
la la la   la la la   la la la la la   
"a relationship is like life  it isn't a process of preservation, but of change and growth  unless we grow and change together, we will change   and grow apart   love "
1 <propfirst> 3:18    let's not merely say that we love each other; let us show the truth by our actions   love 
"every day needs to be better than the last if we want our lives to be moving forward  we only have one opportunity to get tomorrow done right before it becomes yesterday  daily, embrace your opportunities to grow, succeed, e playful erience, learn and love   love "
"? never frown, even when you're sad, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile  ~ source unknown"
"we must realize that there should always be a balance between the desires of our hearts and our responsibilities   the important thing to to always remember that one should never completely outweigh the other or we will be ultimately sacrificing our happiness  never deny being true to yourself, b c at the end of the day   it is you that is staring back at you in the mirror "
"? you may give without loving, but you cannot love without giving  ~ <propfemale> carmichael"
i will never be satisfied to be content with anything less than extraordinary   love 
"? love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image    otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them  ~ <propfirst> merton"
no matter where you are going    never forget where you came from   love 
back into reality     as cloudy as it all may be     my happiness is in a place so clear and simple  just trying to run as fast as my dreams can fly     love 
"dreams and goals are the foundation of our futures; however we cannot achieve through inaction    without a specific plan to implement, we will not progress intentionally in the direction of our desires  the only way to true accomplishment and success is to get deliberate with your life plan "
"\mediocrity is self-inflicted  genius is self-bestowed \"" -<propfirst> <propfirst>"""
"living on the notion that achievement, intelligence, ability and success is not merely the product of a systematic educational structure, but the product of ones will, drive, passions and personal e playful erience choices, lessons, failures & motivations   smile  we are who we want to be and become who we strive to become  ? each day is an opportunity to grow, learn, evaluate, adjust and succeed   "
"if u always have something to look forward to, then u never really ever have a reason to be disappointed "
i will never be satisfied to be content with anything less than extraordinary  ?
"“at the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want \  love """
\i believe everything happens for a reason   \,9cd30c7aec4dfd4f1cae6da8b0147a70,!@#$
