9c113294e2a04b8dce255754ca00a8f1
i just had the best weekend ever   hopefull more weekends are to come!
just got back from my tonsil removal surgery   all is well   just having pain   i can't still eat ice cream though!  smile 
whoops*  i still can have ice cream   my bad   just can't have chips for a few weeks 
is awaiting the day when she is free of homework 
hopes everyone and myself have a fantastic halloween!  can't wait till the mythology film is officially finished
i'm going to see lady gaga in december at the <propfemale>!!!!!!!! woohoo!
"saw lady gaga in concert yesterday night and it was the best concert ever!  i couldn't stop dancing, yelling and screaming throughout the whole performance!  i truly am her little monster and would go to another one of her concerts in a heart beat "
<propfemale> christmas to all!!!
does not wish to study for exams nor even try to take them   i hate when i stress out over stuff like this and to review over everything   i'll just try my best like usual and know that's all i can do   so much dislike for school 
just finished reading book three in poisonwood bible and i really liked it   just stinks i have to take a quiz on it tomorrow when i've been rushed as it is to read this book when we're cramming already   now to study for chinese and get other stuff done 
had a good weekend 
is excited for tonight and curious to know how our groups film is going to look after we're all done editting it   our project has to be done for our presentation this friday and i cannot wait for everyone to see our movie   no movie is better than a home made one   i totally think we're up for a <propfemale> globe 
"the film seems to be complete for the poisonwood project but, now onto the powerpoint who shall hopefully be done before our due date   the wonders of an hp touch computer were e playful lored today and now i know where the microphone is   as well as a nice refresh of pokemon and other random junk   i need to seriously get things done "
"thought that our poisonwood presentation went rather well and our movie was bomb   our powerpoint was made awesome by <propmale>'s <propfemale>, <propfemale>'s sound, <propfirst>'s smooth typing and my creative design in look  i think we are one wicked group and we rocked   not to mention our award winning performance including our bloopers   i wouldn't mind working with everyone again   did anyone get our <propmale> roll?"
"wants to go more hiking   today was beautiful but, i want to be more outdoorsy "
got accepted into <propfemale> state college!!!
got her obama tickets 
is really craving some ice cream right now 
really doesn't want to read heart of darkness 
nothing like the song this is war by 30 seconds to mars to reflect your mood   music is my escape~
is happy she survived driving on the freeway   smile 
not amount of silence in the world can hush the many words that are being exchanged right now 
the rain is most soothing and i enjoyed the weather immensely   now i must try to defeat this wretched senior memories assignment   i welcome the day off on tuesday and shall look forward to spending some time with my friends   onward!
"just finished reading for the last few hours during her free time and enjoyed it   sadly, i didn't get any school work done but, i love to read "
spent her free day prom dressing shopping from eleven to nearly five and it's a lot of work   i hope it's all worth it 
is excited that she bought her prom dress yesterday 
studied for anatomy for nearly two hours   i am really hoping to do good on this test tomorrow!
my studying for anatomy for nearly two hours paid off because i got an a on my test!  i'm quite happy about that and i can't wait to sleep late during spring break 
just got her eyebrows threaded and it didn't hurt that bad  i prefer it over waxing and i like how mine look   wasn't that e playful ensive either and i'd recommend it to others 
how am i to forgive when i cannot forget 
blames her senior laziness and spring break for the reason of not wanting to do any type of school related work 
got her final fit done for her prom dress and can't wait till saturday!  i eagerly stare at it in my closet and i'm anxioius for saturday to come 
is sick   ):
got accepted into unlv   the two different colleges i applied for both accepted me!  coolness   that makes two out of two   now to decide where to go   
patches   i like them 
hates school with intense passion 
"sorry to all of those who got sent spam by me titled \optical illusions\"" or something   i was reading newsfeed and my laptop mouse clicked it as i was scrolling   don't click it or watch it!  sorry about that """
doesn't care how late it is   i'm totally watching the old tmnt movie on channel 59 right now   i loved that movie!
"i conclude that aureliano wins \worst father of the year\"" award in one hundred years of solitude for what happened to his baby """
feels accomplished that she completed writing chapter 12 for her senior memory book and even started on my cat dissection project which i'm not even halfway through with yet   i'm happy that i atleast started on it 
has turned in and completed all three of her projects   now just four final exams to go and i'll be free 
"today i finished reading the hunger games and it was really good   now i want to continue by reading the second book and i must find a way in getting it   obtain that book or die   i would highly recommend it and it's a <propfemale> turner   i'm still not sure about the suggested love pairing the author has written but, i await to see what happens next "
dislikes how catching fire ended and i think katniss is making a mistake by picking <propfirst>   what happened to cinnia since he was beaten because i want him back!  haymitch is a little liar and he deserves to be smacked with a wine bottle    everyone else is just keeping secrets   what will collins do next?
"i want to thank everyone for all their congrats and wishes!!! your support and help has aided me to graduate to move on to bigger things   i love my family and friends who has supported me   thank you everyone who congratulated me!  thank you!  now i begin my life at college where new adventures, memories and knowledge shall be created   a chapter closes and another one opened   heck yes   life, here i come "
"just finished reading the lovely bones by <propfemale> sebold and it was a good read till the cruddy ending  sebold didn't need to inform me of some sex scenes and spent too much of the beginning talking about useless details that don't matter later  i adored the writing style and how it's told but, the conclusion just didn't fit   was an exciting read and it was interesting   i still haven't made a dent in my reading list "
saw toy story 3 today and i liked it   anyone else notice they snuck totoro in the movie?  movie was good and the ending was awesome   i'd recommend it and it was worth it   another pixar success 
nothing like a homemade root beer float on a hot vegas night to cool you off 
"hello facebook   haven't been on in three weeks because i've been traveling and busy with life   out of all of july, i'll only be in vegas for one week and the rest i'll be out of town   i love to travel!  though, the more i travel, the closer i get to starting college and i rather extend my vacation   smile "
"\oh my gosh!  i'm married!\"" - jeanne\",9c113294e2a04b laugh ce255754ca00a8f1,laughed when she purchased her textbooks today for college because i have to reread lord of the flies again   when i honestly thought i'd never have to read that piece of crap again and now i must for college   oh joy 
just saw inception  i think i'm on acid 
"is super happy the week is over and still can't believe how my homework never seems to lessen but, that is college   if only life were that easy and if my life has no stress   i'm ready to welcome sleep for i've had lack of it for nearly a week and it's all thanks to homework   oh, well   five weeks of school down and eleven more to go!  let's do this!"
what kind of mask do you wear? -- my result: beauty  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 141089 referrals status?aid=1168182297
"is happy that she has one midterm done and finished her joint pyschology english paper rough draft due for revising tomorrow   next thing to do is study for my next midterm, biology exam, biology study guide, math homework and whatever other junk i have to do   nine more weeks of fall semester to go!"
"went rappelling, bounding and climbing today for the first time over at lake mead and i'm totally addicted   next time, i'm going higher and cannot wait to do it again   it's scarily exhilarating and somewhat nerve racking   how i love the outdoors and being one with mother nature "
"cannot believe i survived my first semester of college and i'm done for the semester!!!  i kicked butt in my biology with getting the highest grade in the class but, i'm unsure how my other exams went  looking forward to freedom, relaxation and new york!"
thank you everyone for my birthday wishes and they were really sweet!  i had a wonderful day and your comments made it better!  thank you!
