101b30bfe8bdd68afbcb6dfa8e21060f
"happy new year, motherfuckers!"
"it would seem that i have a secret admirer   feels very strongly like a setup   why me? for one, every answer i get is vague, and how the fuck did this person get my number to begin with? i have not heard her talk, although i do have a picture   i'm going to be very very careful with this  i won't believe anything until i see her face to face  t_t"
"looking to forget some shit  give me a call, i probably need a hug right about now  \305-603-8775 "
"relaxing, waiting for a call from the theater  nervous i might not have everything i need to pull this shit off  wish me luck  i really want this to work  other than that, always happy to have some nice chats with friends "
"i know this computer likes abuse    i know it smiled for me after i dropkicked it into a wave of nerdy zombies  they actually threw that shit back and said in clear english that they didn't want it   see that shit, computer? a zombie would rather take a bullet to the head than put up with you! i hope you're ashamed of yourself  fucking asshole (but <propmale>   ) stfu "
started watching this new show <propmale>  it's sick  check it out 
just got off the phone with the theater forty seconds ago  i've been hired! fuck yes  > laugh 
looking up guides for diablo 2 builds involving widowmakers  almost overwhelming   surprise  
coldplay tells the story of my life   it's eerie  i can't get enough of their music  i'd love to meet them in person one day  what an honor   surprise  
*absent minded whistling*
feel very drained today   indecision  
"workin on my story, getting better all the time  just need more material   laugh  "
trip hop - music so psychologically stimulating and mysterious that you feel like you're tripping with nothing but music  my new second favorite genre  thanks mezzanine 
"godson's birthday today  happy birthday, <propfirst>!"
happy thanksgiving motherfuckers!
"little time to chill today, i gotta work from 4pm - midnight  haven't been writing very much  hopefully i get some done soon "
off to sell lollipops again so i can get to work  cheers 
just got home from work  maybe i should go to sleep so i can be ready for school    
back to work  hopefully i'm off until next friday  the days are catching up to me 
"another day, another creative solution for getting home or to work  : p  at least i'm off for three days or so  paycheck coming soon!"
what a calm song  check this out: exchange - massive attack 
night all!
"this malady vexes me from head to toe,\for all the secrets i hide, the pain doesn't show \the things i could tell, no man should know,\should they ever discover, i'll be laid low \it isn't a dagger, nor a deathly dance\if i had to name it, i'd call it a trance\i don't see, i don't feel,\and my wounds, they don't heal\nobody can help me, even if they could\if they just understood, nobody would "
cops have our block on lockdown because some guy is running around wih a gun out there  feels soooo safe to live in the house of glass right now   
onerepublic - secrets | great song  first one in a while to give me goosebumps 
"started the task of building a new language for my characters  lot of work  >_> should be an efficient mix of latin, but different from anything else "
"been getting tired easily lately  there is never enough time in the day to do all the things i want and need to do  shame   i barely even started working on this machine and it's already time to go to sleep for school  i was so sure i'd be writing more of my story, but i didn't change or add a single fuckin word  at least tomorrow is friday "
"established a prototype system for verbs, personal pronoun structure, and their connections  finished time indicator prefixes, working now on possessive pronouns  after that it's gonna be abstract sentence structure words, then vocabulary  wish me luck there, the vocabulary will have to be huge   at least 6,000-10,000 words "
grrr  fuck  another day with no work done  what the hell 
"god damn it  i just start writing some more, and i have to go to work soon   troubled ''  it's for the money   it's for the money    "
"yesterday was the fastest day of work i've ever had  7 hours was like ten minutes  nice  not working today though, so i get a free sunday  let's chill, message me!"
"the following is an imperial decree: all ye acquainted with me that liveth in seattle must compose a plan for general merriment upon my arrival in january! that means all of you  <propmale>, <propfemale>, stephy, and all you other types "
went to this little thing on <propmale> road where everybody was a couple  it was kinda depressing not being there with somebody 
"got my first paycheck, $215 07  can't wait to deposit it and get my debit card  > laugh  "
ahhhh  why is d2 such a big deal to me? so addictive  can't wait to play!
"language development is still going well, adding new things all the time  in the process currently of constructing a digital instruction file  \looking for test subjects! tests include lessons on the language and using it to speak to me  in the technical phases right now, and frequent use to test effectiveness will make it better and more usable  let me know if you're interested in participating "
"made a list of over 57 different d2 builds to make   this will be fun  hey d2 friends! 10x 2-99 light scs, or 10x 1-71  2-9 cold (for freezing) scs for a widowmaker? and should i find a hybrid for behemoth's summoning?"
"off to get ready for work  i'll be back later tonight  cheers, guys "
easier to be alone  less problems that way 
going to <propmale> road to donate blood and see a movie  later!  laugh 
"\no one is available to chat \""  story of my life   """
i hate <propmale> t washington  i hope it burns down the day after graduation 
so who wants to go with me to taco <propfemale>? better say in the next twenty minutes 
that's the last of it   i'm broke  ;_;
hot damn that hennessy is the shit! better be careful with it   joyful 
tired as hell  time for some sleep  yo <propfemale>  bug me for work tomorrow! i'll have nothing but time to kill to write on all my projects 
people suck    i'll be lonely until the day i die 
fuck facebook  i don't have the <propfemale> for any more bullshit  i'm about thirty seconds away from deleting this stupid account  > sad 
all i want to do is cuddle and fall asleep with somebody holding me   is that so much to ask?
that's pretty god damn disappointing  > sad    $163 70 for this paycheck 
god damn  the fireworks next door scared the shit out of me  i thought somebody got shot  >_>
"gonna be a while before i can get back on   don't e playful ect to hear from me in a few days  if you have my number, feel free to call "
guess what bitches? i got an activated cell phone now  call or text me now so we can check it out  305 896 6502 can't wait to hear from you guys 
had the freakiest shit happen to me today   plus does anybody want to help me with a conceptual engineering problem? it's driving me mad 
"hey guess what seattle guys? less than two weeks away! 11-14th  on the 12th at my place is a christmas-after-christmas party  you'd better be there, and make plans! still only heard from two people  >_>"
"excellent news today, the stun gun is on its way, and the laptop is in its final stages of repairs  > laugh   plus i saw these videos of knife fighters   i was like damn  i wanna learn how to knife fight now, after boxing  laugh   if only i could come up with that kind of money "
almost time to go back to school  t_t  plus i'm out of money again  fml 
this is kind of a depressing day  don't feel like doing anything 
i gotta get up early and get ready for work tomorrow  my excitement is palpable   yay 
turns out my secret admirer is actually a gay stalker! what   the   fuck!! this is not the vibe i want to put out!
this trip is not showing the hopeful indications of being fun  t_t  three people turned down the 12th 
ggrrr fucking bitch!! <propfemale> delayed the trip by a day and we tried everything  i could kill a <propfemale> bastard without batting an eye right now 
trip delayed again  feel like crying 
i'm in seattle bitches! make your plans asap or be left out  sorry 
how very underwhelming  i'll chill with <propmale> later today 
wow  didn't have all the information to make a paypal account so i tried to back out during the creation process   now i can't use my debit card for online purchases  fuck paypal! i'm buying gift visa cards  unless i can magically get all these stupid issues fixed     i can't even cancel the account because of restrictions!
time to go back to miami  cheers  t_t
"i love this ipad so far  it's very cool  a few things i would change but the keyboard is very accurate  also been getting back into my story pyromancer  fantastic story and premise if i do say so myself  too bad i have no idea how to write it without actually visiting the big apple  need some motivation to keep writing my shit, both pyromancer and death's disciples  wanna help?"
"trying to get back into d2  made a new account and geared up a character, but now that i'm back in miami i have to fix a few things to play  grrrr  so close, but no cigar  got almost the full gear and ready to duel after a few more levels with an eager friend  <propfemale> sucks <propmale> "
    sad    
this long ass assembly is putting me to sleep  at least i get an easy day with no homework 
"man, i'm an asshole when i'm sleep deprived   sad "
the laptop is back into commission  fuck yes!
diablo 2 is better than sex  does that make me an addict?  surprise 
"i feel proud of myself  i've finally unlocked the formula to creating a succesful widowmaker grizzly summon on diablo 2  i always knew there was something missing, but it seems that i've found the key to finishing the character  there's maybe 3 or 4 pieces of gear, some charms, and some tough choices to make, but then after that the character is damn near perfect  it only took, what, two years? lol "
facebook got a lot less important when i got my laptop   playful 
"what's wrong with staying in and playing video games, rather than going out to meet strangers and spend money? i don't really understand, especially since video games are infinitely more fun than interacting with everybody's e playful ectations, sensitivities, uncertainties, and problems "
"been a loooooong day  quiet, not too much happening  did plenty on my game, and that's about it  off to work "
"very happy with my druid <propmale>  i was playing and holding my own against two paladins and a bowa in a free for all today, and got a killing spree of three before i got jumped  gm private pk is the funnest shit   laugh  just gotta get this god damned widow to actually hurt something!!"
"exhausting, but extremely satisfying night of pk  me and my <propmale> <propfirst> battled it out foher and mage v  <propmale> for almost three hours  i was about to write a guide for my character, because nobody's ever made one like mine, (which is a big deal) but <propfirst> said not to, so that the character would stay uniquely mine  alright, i can live with that  i'll write a guide and have it on standby on my computer "
almost time to go  excited 
"feel like shit today  all my money is just gone     gues that's what i get for trusting atm's  all the stupid little mistakes i could have avoided have me stuck in a horrid position and there's little i can do about it  thanks, assholes "
about to try world of warcraft for the first time  don't know if it's safe   what if i like it?  surprise 
facebook is suddenly very very lame  d2 ftw  i'm casually thinking about just deletin' my facebook   playful 
'school night ' damn it 
i'm starting to like black girls  they can be surprisingly cute once you look past some of the image and attitude  : p  
fuck facebook lol  i don't talk to people anymore on this thing 
damn  ugliest fallout i've had happen in a long time on d2  difficult to say what my part in it was 
today was a really good day  almost everything seemed to go my way   except for the bank eating my fucking paycheck  wtf 
"coming down to seattle march 9-14! making plans for visiting the alderwood mall or having a party at my place  you pick, doesn't matter  first response gets the most leeway "
flobots - handlebars epic song 
"prefers cold and dark places, is burned by direct sunlight, likes to stay home, has a pale complexion and grave demeanor  quiet, and has outwardly strange customs and wants  has two unusually sharp canines and is bothered by neither sight nor taste of blood  quiet allows for initial intimidation and maybe a sense of mystery  what am i?  laugh "
"may i have the attention of the class please! 9th, landing and then chillin at my place  10th, chilin with <propmale>  11th, milkshakes! 12, 13, idk  14th, leaving early  submit plans so that we can <propfemale> out  i didn't see a few of you the last time and i don't exactly have any phone <propfirst> to pester you with "
having a bad day  > sad    i'm broke   
"how it ends - devotchka  gave me goosebumps! also, guess what  i'm flying out the day after tomorrow! excitement time "
"coldplay - a rush of blood to the head  wish i knew what it meant, but damn it's nice "
"woohoo! i'm in seattle  plans start tomorrow  remember the 11th, milkshakes at the alderwood mall  message me!"
"revision of plans  <propfemale>'s diner is gone, so instead i'm thinking the food court of alderwood mall  everybody please bring anything from 5 to 10 bucks, if you can't i'll do what i can to help supplement  should be fun  3 11 2011, 6pm  that means <propfemale>, stephy, <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and maybe a couple others  have a lot to catch up on, so please come along   laugh "
"made a funny video with a friend  it's up on youtube if you want to see it  plus, tried the playstation move today, it's really fun "
"two shots of rum, two caffeine pills and some coke! i'm feeling gooooooood!"
my slow ass computer won't let me watch any fucking shows online  pissing me off 
"aaauuuuggghhh these caffeine pills won't let me sleep!!! my retarded cat touched me one too many fucking times and i literally threw her outside  should have broken her fucking neck, retarded bitch  no means no "
two babies in the house  let the brattiness and endless crying begin! i thought they got better after 1-2 years   but no  never ever ever having kids 
