75e1f64bc99ed4a1a659472edaace63a
2009 - you were not a very exciting year for me   you only left me with more wants and desires that i started out with and all without accomplishing much at all   i think deeply about the year and i only see a person i hate and never wanted to be  so i ask myself what i should do differently this time around  i'm going to try something that is simple yet complicated 
motivation is not crafted out of thin air while waiting   it's created by doing despite how we feel 
hate it when i'm tired but can't get myself to go to bed 
things are changing for the better it seems 
who is your daddy and what does he do?
started live journal up again but actually using it as a journal   fun fun
my doctor wanted more blood from me today 
is hungry!
my knee is swolen
i'm a sexy beast! muha!
can't sleep
bruised and bleeding from multiple locations   the joy of being a man!
tired but can't fall asleep t t
had super crazy dreams last night 0_o!
mmmm    very sleepy -_-
"got 5 hours before i got to wake up    ah, good times indeed!  does suck i'm not even tired yet 0_0   "
i am a sexy beast!
one day down  playful 
downed three drakes in 10 man today and enjoying pvping   title is really neat as well 
three day weekend for the win!
rawr!
is a little depressed this evening   will have to say though that i totally prefer old barbers cutting my hair then any hot chick 
i'm tired and had a fun day today  laugh 
good to be home and happy to sleep in his own bed once again 
life is very dull and boring as of late   wonder how i can spice things up 
is sick of his life 
not even tired yet 0_o!
weee!  just waiting to get tired so i can go to bed   
"been a few weeks since i dropped in    well that was fun, cya all in a few more weeks "
i'm shutting off my phone this weekend so the best way to reach me is through skype or my home number   i'll reactivate when i can get my finances under control   laugh 
i got a silly cold that makes me want sleep all the time    very sleepy    si
i also got a job with those vector dudes selling high quality kitchen and garden tools   i get a base appointment pay whether or not the product sells   this means i need everyones help in getting appointments!  laugh 
weeee!
i think i'm screwed
"i'm not going to lie, i'm waiting for wow to be back online   take it or leave it  <('_'<)"
while waiting i'm reinstalling windows on my laptop and i think it reset it to power saver so it's going at the speed of snail   i think the snail would win    
whelp! i'm bored- guess i'll take a nap  laugh 
making up for the times i missed class  playful    would i go if i had a second chance?   nah!
i believe i passed my test so i can move into harder stuff now
i wish zoosk was a petting zoo so i could go pet all the animals!
woke up thinking i'm a vietnamese prostitute that had a wild night spanking <propmale> decaprio and getting choked by a huge black boa constrictor  on the bright side i have pink eye  it is awesome 
<propfemale> christmas and now it's time to be as selfish as possible before our new year resolutions come to ruin the party   laugh 
"was suppose to get off work at 8 smile 0 but instead just got off work, yay!!!  so happy new years!!!- i spent mine polishing some steel, what did you all do?  i did make 120 in tips though "
weee!!!!  looks like i'm going to hit 40 hours this week at work even though i was scheduled for 20 
i'm bored
told myself i would wake up at 6am today   not even close to be tired though   i hope i have the willpower to force myself up 
avatar was good   now i'm back into my rat cage 
waiting for the blah blah to end so i can go pew pew pew 
i can't sleep for the life of me   i'm going to be hurting later on 
ended up staying up all night again   i'm very tired now so i'm going to take a small nap   hopefully it won't last 8 hours this time 
i'm so freaking bored i could die!
oh i'm so hot!
looking for work
rawr!
wants to return to bountiful
i got to use one of these videos in my powerpoint for school   let me know which one ones you like best   you can just like it or comment on the ones   thanks
so screwed for the test tomorrow
shutter island was a very good movie 
"ug, i'm lonely   i hate it when i get weak like this "
man it's only wednesday     i want the weekend so i can be lazy and party   laugh 
that was a stressful drive home 
i had twinkies stuffed with whip cream for dinner 
sat is over and i am now a very sad panda
haha!  what are some must have songs bands   i'm trying to work up a collection for work 
"hey peeps, i lost my phone about a week ago and now have a new one   yay     i have no <propfirst> so please text me with your name or email me with your number so i can get my address book back on track "
my boss is kinda dumb   asked me to go home a little early and at the same time told me i had to make it up tomorrow   wtf 
"i'm sorry to all those who like smart phones but i think they are a money pit waste of time  the average smart phone runs over 400 and even if you get a \discount\"" they only make it about 240 dollars cheaper and your monthly plan runs about 10 dollars more(which is funny because the no contract plans cost less then contracts mmm   )  not to mention you have to spend extra money to have internet on the stupid things """
gah!  it's only monday   four more days to go 
went to mcd to get me a breakfast samich and i recieve no egg but two slices of greasy sausage 
"after making myself as poor as i have every been- i have made my car drivable once again   speaking of poor, want to sell my body for work   laugh  "
grr   bored and can't sleep
"i'm a little sad, the path of the titans feature has been scraped   sounds like they are just going to be doing a medium glyph"
nda on wow has been lifted   i'm really excited about warriors because fury is going to be fighting completly different and i'm seeing a few brutal combinations with pvp as well-concussion blow with arms spec  laugh    i may even have to try and build a fury pvp build since ms will not so mandatory   also looking foward to how well one handed tg works out 
i just realized that wowhead hasn't fully upgraded their talents yet so i've been using mmo champion atm
i haven't posted in a while   so there i posted  playful    i'm also looking for some good job leads if anyone's heard anything 
want to go to bed but i'm not even tired 
it was a hot day to go hiking   i'm a little burnt from it and completely drained of energy 
i'm very bored and it's friday   i think i might have to go visit some friends and earn a few restraining orders    laugh   i think i'll start with <propfirst> 
i also want to state my nerdom   i'm super excited for warriors in cata   i think blizz is successful with the arms tree because i want every single talent but don't enough points to get thems all 
back from yosimite
woot 5 hours of sleep
"going to <propmale> a bank, who's in?"
just took the best epic nap ever 
just spent most of my day cleaning every inch of my room to help prevent spiders from moving in   i hope it works 
very tired but having a hard time finding my bed 
starts training to be an amazingly freaky fast delivery driver this friday 
today is looking to be a very boring day   i'm totally free if someone wants to do something but i'm also lacking that thing called cash so can't do anything fun   sad 
"noooo tomorrow is monday, the horror!!!"
mmmm starting work during the worst two weeks of school   time to turn into zombie <propfirst>   also worked a 9 hours shift today and have much homework   i'm a sad panda 
so tired    so sleepy    need a way to motivate myself to do homework 
i've got me sat night off!  looks like i do need to create a costume 
i need glue!!!!
i'm in english and i want to sleep   
occult academy is a very good anime
i love math!  can't think of a better way to spend four hours 
"not going to lie, kinda depressed as of late "
does not feel well  -_-
man i want a milkshake!
the only thing stopping me from my bed is standing up   you win again gravity!!!
warmest ice fishing trip i've ever done   i'm a little burnt 
i feel weird today
"so    the store manager just quit, my assistant manager just quit, and one of my favorite co-workers just quit   work was interesting "
