11afbc21ea4e429d1f9d2d9c42f0efda
"just got home from an awesome night out     now work at 10 haha, oh what a life "
has decided that his new years resolution is to start p90x
there is way too much to go through   
"you, my friend are the fourth derivitave of position   "
tired  what a great weekend  plenty of homework to do   
went to youth group  and he is now working on homework 
"is celebrating casmir pulaski day!!! time to eat all the punchkis, latkis, and kalakchkies i can "
is feeling good about how the weekend went   smile 
up up down down left right left right b a enter  you are welcome
"just when you think that you're in control, just when you make honor roll   oh! oh here it goes, here it goes, here it goes again  oh, now here it goes again "
quad desk >> mega desk  period 
"fixin' my laptop, doing hw   waiting for a certain someone to be done with soccer practice  enjoying my friday "
"is going to work, be back after 7  plenty of homework to do  annoyed  the rainy weather doesn't help  see ya around "
"just got back from work  awesome day outside, just kickin' it "
is ready for salt company tonight!!! woot woot
"straight up, one of the best nights ever at salt  i freakin' love you guys "
has work till 9  thank god the thursday problem is done  smile 
just finished off the cap'n crunch  time to move to the <propfemale> grahams  anyone have a favorite cereal?
"only in illinois can i go from windows down, blasting music like its summer one night, to snowing like its late january     gah  turnabout tonight! very excited "
just got home from work   could barely wake up this morning because it was such a great night  thank you <propfemale>!!
rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgeset  all one word in germany  it's a law 
"is reminding you, \don't forget to fill out your census pamphlet!\"""""
top gear = best car show ever
gro?stadtflüster - haufenweise schei?e und ich muss gar nichts 
"also, be aware these are not final fonts or t-shirt colors  it's only the sayings we are voting for  enjoy! please message me with any more ideas that you want to pencil in "
man i love top gear     going fishing later 
20 out of 17 on today's calc quiz  smile  feeling good 
ordered the calc shirts  smile  coming in on the 27th so we will get them the 28th 
loves deadmau5
the thighs of a chubby shirpa 
just woke up from an awesome nap   smile 
"ok people, i know you all take pictures   there are plenty of facebook pictures to prove it   so what are you guys using? how much did it cost? what kind of camera do you recommend?"
is loving monday nights   didn't even open up the book bag tonight 
wishes that he could just drive away sometimes 
"is on his way to mizzou  text me, it's going to be a long ride "
has decided mu would be a nice place to go for college
is home  thank goodness   i don't think i want to drive anywhere for a while 
"doesn't get why people make the groups, \lost phone number\"" or \""give such and such your number!\""    don't they realize that if they don't make if private anyone can see theirs and anyone dumb enough to post on the wall?"""
"is now at work  kind of sucks, but it's money in the bank       hope your day goes better sweetheart  thinking of you  smile "
"is still doing his paper, but has a special someone close in his mind "
100% on the calc final!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ap physics review 
can not believe he spent his whole day with a special someone  who would of thought i can't get bored of someone?
is watching into the universe with hawking  mindgasms are to ensue 
is ready for the mail from college board saying i got a 5 on my bc exam  smile 
"just realized that he will live off of cheese peanut butter crackers, bagels, peanut butter, orange juice, and capri suns during his college adventure "
is out to make a movie with jj  fun times 
"today while saying for oil at walmart, i signed with a smiley face  the cashier looked at it and said, \lovely \"" i love life"""
"goodnight world  the world brings upon us a test that to many seem impossibly, and arguably the hardest ap test at wvhs  good luck for those who will embark to take it "
"is heading off to salt  had a wonderful time this afternoon with <propfemale> <propmale>, nap and math are always a favorite "
what a great time to be alive in  i feel on top of the world and thank god for what he has blessed me with 
couldn't be more elated about being in a relationship with <propfemale> <propmale>  there is no one that could be luckier than me   smile 
"so there are two sodium atoms  a nearby chlorine atom said, \i've got your electron"," what are you gonna do about it?\""\"11afbc21ea4e429d1f9d2d9c42f0efda,is going out with <propfemale> <propmale> tonight  smile 
"is going to the chicago cubs game today  perfect day out, let's hope they win "
cubs win! i hope frau hall is happy
"ssss-aaaaa-ffff-eeee-ttt-yyy!!!!\\we can dance if we want to \we can leave your friends behind \'cause your friends don't dance and if they don't dance \well they're no friends of mine \i say, we can go where we want to\a place where they will never find\and we can act like we come from out of this world\leave the real one far behind\and we can dance"
is so ready for school to be over 
just found out that he has what is called a tonsil stone  so annoying    
"camping tonight at green valley, then after a three hour hike tomorrow, work possibly, then baseball  possibly going to a graduation party, sunday is full of studying  what a great weekend    "
 sad 
"just got back from church, very nice service  now about to embark on hours of studying for us history online   what a joke, and making my study guide for english "
sitting outside is unbelievably nice  smile  makes doing homework so much better 
just wants to scream  from a mountain top  in new zealand  across a valley  to scare a heard of wild animals  for no reason    no reason at all 
goodnight everyone  first out of two days of finals start tomorrow   thank god summer is almost here   
time to go for work  be back way later 
"soooo, so much for helping a friend out covering his shift  i got stuck in the dungeon (dressing rooms) and some little kid ended up pissing on the mirror in one of the rooms   his mom walked in and didn't even say anything  i found out when they left, i don't even see how this can become learned behavior "
"sometimes life's decisions are difficult, but with looking to god for answers and making the best of the situation, they can bring happiness to us all "
"well for my last day of school, got to wake up late  only have one final   and it's open note  then, partying it up!!!!! hello summer!"
"didn't plan on working on his first day off, but that is okay  i'll party it up later  smile "
"who can't say life is great right now? school is out (well for me it's the second day), we don't have to worry about school work, and it's a beautiful day  life is great "
30 on the act 
"is on his 4th university campus tour  squirel student groups have been mentioned at every one, twice here "
"had a very long day   tomorrow will be even longer, can't complain though  i can honestly say i have a very good feeling about this summer  it's gonna be a good one "
"laua = success, first weekend of summer = little sleep and awesome nights  if this is a preview of what is to come, then i am excited "
does anybody have any or all of the seasons of lost? i would like to watch it this summer 
"there's no combination of words that i could put on the back of a post card, no song that i could sing, but i can try for your heart  our dreams, and they are made out of real things, like a shoe box of photographs and sepia tone lovin' "
just drove downtown naperthrill doing the safety dance with <propfemale> <propfemale> schmutzler and <propfirst>  best times in 2010  smile 
"either riding a bike, swimming, or just doing something outside  what a beautiful day "
thank goodness for getting off of work   i think i will treat myself to a jamba juice  8 hours of transactions sure can get to you 
when life throws you a <propmale> stroke furry walls  furry walls!
is spending the day with <propfemale> and the kids   smile  can't think of a better way to spend my tuesday 
playing scrabble with my grandma 
"good day today, great day tomorrow, super weekend ahead  summer just keeps getting better and better "
"in downtown chicago with <propfirst> ding, <propfirst> baltazar, and <propfirst> nagle  woot woot! today is going to be great "
is loving life and living it to the <propmale> 
can life get any better?
"okay, so life did get better  got out of work early and now big <propfirst>'s grad party, and i'm not even out of high school  tomorrow leaving for a couple days to missouri   smile "
"is extremely happy to be home  s&t looks like the school for me, 7 hour drive is a little tiring though  looks like i'm going to double <propmale> in computer engineering and computer science with a minor in mathematics  woot woot "
almost every time i come on facebook something new is going down   so now i guess we can get even more updates about someone liking our comments on someone else's comments     - -
anyone is welcome to come over and help clean my house with me   i hate chores 
anyone feel like today is getting better and better?
is leaving for indiana tomorrow until sunday  text the cell  i won't be checking this for a while  have a great week everyone!
"hey now you're an all <propfemale> get your game on, go play\hey now you're a rock <propfemale> get the show on get paid\and all that glitters is gold\only shooting stars break the mold"
"vuvuzela, my new favorite instrument, and one of my new favorite words "
futurama season 1? yes  maybe that'll cheer me up 
officially admitted into missouri university s&t  smile 
[insert witty comment here]
go watch battle royale
is officially an eagle scout  smile 
"\are you here with me? just looking out on the day of another dream   \"""""
"oh ya, feelin' good "
you've got a friend in me 
"so, just watched toy story 2 (again)  and woody's round up (the fictional tv show) was cancelled in 1995 according to the proctor  what bothers me is that 1) it's in black and white, and 2) the proctor claims that it was cancelled because of the launch of sputnik   sputnik was launched 38 years prior, in 1957   mind agitated "
going to salt tonight  smile 
could not be more excited for thursday!!
is making kilts today 
"woo'ed a cougar today, she said that it takes a real man to buy material for kilts at the fabric counter  oh, and she was a math teacher, how strange "
"casually made some kilts today, amazing kilts  nbd "
"well i know that i was supposed to take it easy today, but i'm a teenager  so a 4 mile run with <propfirst> ding and <propfirst> nagle with a 2 mile walk was fun, then centennial with them and <propfirst> <propfemale> and <propfirst> barsotti  what an exciting day  now time to kill the english and fight for scotland!!!"
such an epic day 
is headed off to philmont today to go climb some mountains  i will see all of you when i get back on the 13th  enjoy your summer!
is home  lots to do in such a little time  i have this sense of excitement 
back to everyday life    kind of wish i was out hiking 
pretty sure i have mosquito bites all over my body 
work from 10-4   
"\   you think you're cooler than me\"""""
"work again today  11-4, then stuff to get ready for school and my c o h  life is getting busy again   "
anybody up for getting a group together to go to six flags?
"just bought himself a pair of goggles for ap chem and some intense magnets  and \do not cross police line\""  just in case"""
<propfirst> pilgrim kicked so much ass  absolutely love that movie
"all of a sudden, can't wait for college "
is beyond excited 
mmm nachos 
"oh what's going on tomorrow? oh ya, seniors are here!!!"
tomorrow is just one day closer to college
what a successful first day
"you can have the first day to bitch about homework   or maybe the first week  but after that, kindly shut up about it  you are the one who signed up for the classes you are taking "
has commenced a data dump from my broken laptop to the desktop  anyone have any opinion on a new laptop to buy?
mathematica is going to be so much fun to mess with    well <propfirst> kennedy is anyways 
thank you everyone who showed up for jj's and my eagle court of honor  you all made a terrific day and it is awesome i could share it with all of you 
needs a fan to <propfemale> around with him in school 
"to be honest, money doesn't matter, material items won't make you happy  it is the friends of which you make and spend time with and the impact you make on others' lives that truly make you happy, no matter how simple or involved, making an impression on someone's life is amazing "
just wishes time would fly 
thunderstorms + futurama =  great thursday night 
"i haven't met you yet, i don't know who you are, but i know i miss you being in my life "
"and in the daylight we can hitchhike to maine\i hope that someday i’ll see without these frames\and in the daylight i don’t pick up my phone\cause in the daylight anywhere feels like home "
"everything considered, life is great  especially when you have the perfect soundtrack "
"i'm going to live it up \let go of the form\what do you need? \\i'm going to trick it out,\like never before,\like you wouldn't believe "
"first happy birthday call at 530am by my dad, it's going to be a good day "
thank you everyone for the happy birthdays  it has been a tremendously great day 
so many happy birthdays!! thank you everyone! off to chick fillet with <propfirst>! awesome birthday dinner 
just had an over packed chick fil a sing happy birthday to him
is going skydiving tomorrow  epic birthday? let's try epic 4 birthday bash 
has officially celebrated manhood by jumping out of a perfectly good airplane
"just participated in an epic crowd wave that went around u s  cellular field over 5 times  with fast, normal, slow-mo, and reverse styles "
<propfirst> ding and <propfirst> nagle are pretty much the coolest people ever!
is going to sleep the rest of the weekend 
is sleeping out in a tent tonight
"truth is   i'm waiting  i'm not quite sure for who or what, but i feel this sense of waiting "
yay office!!!
community: great  30 rock: awesome  the office: hilarious and perfect  outsourced:    not even sure  thumbs down so far 
"from my house to vancouver, bc, canada: 2,156 <propmale>  35 hours  whose in??"
"is getting paid this weekend to hike starved rock, dream job or what!?"
had an outdoor weekend  now time for 10 hours of sleep 
thinks it would be cool to wear a kilt to homecoming
can someone please tell me what's going on for wvhs scholars tomorrow?
<propfirst> barsotti is a pro 
"they will see us waving from such great heights, \'come down now,' they'll say \but everything looks perfect from far away,\'come down now,' but we'll stay   "
"okay, so tomorrow i am going to pick up knee-high plaid socks  anyone know where i can do this?"
is a weekend warrior 
"weekend started off great, elmhurst college, mind blown because it is such a small world, today i didn't have to work  smile  and tonight is homecoming!"
"had a freaking amazing weekend, college, shogun, kilt, homecoming, got a date, met new people, danced like mad, and got up to go to work early  weekends should be renamed to something more fitting, like fundays  haha "
sleep is so nice 
is going to miss the weekend 
why does a lame monday have to follow such an amazing weekend?
why listen to anything else when you can listen to the strokes 
"is boss at html, welcome <propfirst> smith"
hates the new chat
is now very excited about the wvhs vs nvhs game  e playful ect lots of skin and body paint 
what time is it???? game time!
"is dumbfounded  each weekend builds on itself of how amazing it is   i believe by christmas i'll have $1 million dollars, house parties with celebrities, and a mansion "
working 11:45-6  then who knows 
is finally off work  time to enjoy my evening 
"so far i have fallen into this pattern for my weekends: go out with friends, stay out late, sleep, wake up, go to work while there is day light, eat, repeat "
really wishes he had speakers that worked right now 
the social network soundtrack is so damn amazing   
had a great night  we crushed <propfemale> and got to spend time with <propfemale> benford  smile 
umm it's only 7 smile 0pm and it feels like 11pm  what's going on????
is now the owner of a tent hammock  so awesome
"needs two trees, a beach, and for this synthesis essay to go away "
nothing quite like getting news from <propfirst> colbert  smile 
these 7 hour shifts need to end   
"yup, well, time to do it all over again  8am shift possibly!"
officially has a hammock hanging in his room
hammock in the room + view of lightening out the window = pure sublime 
loves the big bang theory  period 
rule 1  you don't talk about fight club 
the big bang theory marathon tonight 
"where is my mind? \way out in the water \see it swimming?"
"and hence, from this day forward, the 31st of october, 2010 a poking war began  may those lives that are about to be lost to the never ending battle be not in vane, but for the better of the finger that pokes "
"we're gonna rock on down to electric avenue  let me take you higher, electric avenue"
anybody else feel like we should of gotten today off? there wasn't a single productive thing done   
"doesn't see the point of going to school for the rest of the week, i've finished all my assignments that aren't due for the next couple days "
we couldn't wait until we were older  now we feel caught up in the routine of life  can't wait for a change 
"remember, remember the 5th of november  the gun powder treason and plot  i know of no reason why the gun powder treason shall ever be forgot  you're time"
laser zepplin in our planetarium was so kickass 
because we are the life of the party  we know that life is just going to be fine  so just relax and see where it takes us
65 and <propfemale> tomorrow  maybe monday won't be so bad 
8th hour makes my day
is applying to become a nsa agent specializing in computer engineering
kaaaaaaabbbbllllaaammmm!
everything takes time 
sleeping monday away 
i would award albus dumbledore for the best slow-clap applause ever at the end of the chamber of secrets 
"why did everyone have a bad day?? shall we just pretend that tuesday, november 16th, 2010 never happened? i'm down with that "
"\a bold attempt is half of success \"" -tonight's fortune cookie from dinner """
has no motivation to do anything 
yup  weekend is finally here 
"what i don't understand is that when you are poor, it is very hard to get free stuff  however, when you are <propmale>, everyone can't give you enough free crap  it's amazing how <propfemale> works "
is a lumberjack today
oh the joys of relaxing in a hammock 
"\the scientific approach to the examination of phenomena is a defense against the pure emotion of fear \"" -<propmale> stoppard"""
"eat lots of turkey today, everyone "
got to work before the sun was up and now just got off after the sun is already down
"12 hour shift, banked"
"ya   finally done with this whole \working\"" part of life """
"\a man talking sense to himself is no madder than a man talking nonsense not to himself \"""""
my face is as smooth as a baby's bottom 
"the internet will be the death of my sleep  damn english paper, write yourself "
done 
pomplamoose 
"everytime i look around, everytime i look around, it's in my face  how bizzare"
has never been served breakfast in bed   until today
tree is up thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> schmutzler and <propfirst> arrigo  smile  you guys are the best 
*plays catchy accordion tune over and over*
today was just pure awesome 
just got a prism ticket from anuradha!! thanks  who is going to the 8:15 show????
best prism ever 
got the new computer station up  really happy  now off to <propfemale> <propfemale> schmutzler
<propfemale> <propfemale> schmutzler   laugh 
<propfemale> <propfemale> schmutzler  - we're doing this 
just got called off from work for the 3rd time this week  man business is not good 
that was well worth the cold and staying up 
is taking life for what it is  we'll see where i end up 
"gov - no final, we didn't even get through presentations  now calc iii, playing wii on the wall, xbox 360 on the tv, and music on the speakers  saweet"
nap time
i enjoyed tron 
oh chemistry    
any android phone >>> iphone
new free phone = happy <propfirst>
feeling the christmas spirit  and i felt like i was in elf because of all the music 
i'm driving through clouds
shoebe doobe!
"soooooo, question is should i throw a party new year's <propfemale>? i mean a very large one  like this and comment back to let me know "
overall great christmas weekend  got to spend a lot of time with family which i love and got a promotion at work 
<propfirst> <propmale> makes everything better 
any want to go sledding today? text me
"nein man, ich will noch nicht gehen\ich will noch ein bisschen tanzen\komm schon, alter\ist doch noch nicht so spät\lass uns noch ein bisschen tanzen"
feels like he is in limbo 
i guess it's bed time   
homework all day!
so   looks like an hour or less of homework  score!
why the anxiety all of a sudden?
senoritis to the <propmale>    
totes mcgoats
slept in  no work today  awesome day so far
p90x   worth the $120???
"177 songs, 9 6 hours of <propfirst> freaking <propmale> "
is excited to start his new years resolution tomorrow 
mmmmmmmm endorphins  smile 
don't be a dumbacid 
if i was in college   i'd be out tonight 
peewee herman   on my snl?!?! oh snap!
would it be acceptable if i skipped tomorrow to play <propfirst> <propmale> on the guitar all day?
\and often times we're lazy \,11afbc21ea4e429d1f9d2d9c42f0efda,"oh no, it's cool  i didn't have enough going on anyway  i can do an obscene amount of  poetry, read a shakespeare book by monday, and an annotated bibliography  no problem!"
"\brooks was here\"""""
pretty sure that sparknotes summary of much ado about nothing was all i needed for that book  
ain't no party like a math party 'cuz a math party has no bounds! (for t) haha
"\taking ap classes gives maximum protection from d-bags\"" -<propmale> <propfirst> nygren"""
"dude, whoever thought <propfemale> would be so cool "
"only bear grylls uses a <propfemale> plant he found in the ocean to use its secretion as sun block to prevent from burning on a deserted island    oh yea, he knows this because at low tide the <propfemale> secretes a solution to keep from burning and bleaching in the sun "
"home, let me go home  home is whenever i'm with you "
"looks like someone had a bad break up, evidence is all over their cars in the parking lot haha"
are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
ap: advanced procrastinator
shit storm outside to commence in 3   2   
you know even with all of these updates on the snow    no one has commented that it looks like the planet hoth outside 
lightening? by my house? thundersnow 
"okay, again with the flood of status updates   people you are forgetting what is important: seniors don't have to make up these days! woot"
"it's the magical mystery kind, must be a lie "
i'm building a fort out of the 7 foot pile of snow that is in my front yard  anyone want to join? text 
why is everyone so lame about sledding?
"riddle me this, why in the world walmart would not be selling sleds right now"
"if you aren't apart of the solution, you are apart of the precipitate "
college come now dammit
uhhhh snow?
    and free my soul  i wanna get lost in the rock 'n' roll    and drift away   
anything not pertaining to elephants is irrelephant 
why is the association for the advancement of retired people sending me a membership card    
blueberries  delicious
"why did the bear dissolve in the water? \\because he was polar!"
flannel fridays
   and nothing of significance happened today 
the white panda - haven't found a song i don't like 
"\and it's all flailing limbs at the front line   say as long as we're here everything is alright\""  smile """
"dear journal, it's me  <propmale> "
packed and ready for winterfest 
just took a right left brain quiz    i'm dead even 
paintball!
okay so who made angelikaa zywickaa?
winterfest 2011? success 
i have demonoid codes 
c++ like a boss 
"okay, so, if anyone needs help in math class - i am starting a tutoring service  i've taken every math class, so it's all good  shoot me a message if you need help in math!"
thirsty thursday at sonic tomorrow  $ 99 drinks and slushies!
seriously?!
just made homemade popcorn  that's what's up 
work and more (home)work 
"thuuunnnndddaaaaaaa!!!! yes spring, come now "
"\but your soul you must keep totally free \"" -mumford and sons"""
pppppppppppffffffffffffffffffffffffffftttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
"\ 'cause i need freedom now  and i need to know how to live my life how it's meant to be \"""""
nothing like running 5 <propmale> to burn off the frustration of a calc test 
"\why are you wearing that stupid <propfemale> suit?\""\",11afbc21ea4e429d1f9d2d9c42f0efda,missouri university of science and technology  smile 
no classes next year tuesday's and thursday's? good deal 
"home again, but i rather be in rolla "
"\to love another person is to see the face of god \"" -<propmale> mis"""
"hey, <propfemale> <propfirst> holder, you should live closer "
"it's only 7:16pm, why does it feel so late?"
does anyone have an old ap macro book i could use until may?
mmm homemade frozen fruit and the strokes  smile  good way to end a monday night 
homemade fruit smoothie after an intense workout  not a bad hump day
"brb, midnight cereal "
blacklight is on  the strokes are playing  and the playstation is on  sweetness 
where is the power cord for my playstation
"rain, rain go away  that's what all my haters say "
no     motivation     
 smile  if only i could bottle up this feeling for a rainy day  wow is it nice 
"road trip during spring break with the guys? oh, it's happening "
"the only good response to \are you ticklish?\"" is \""i have diarrhea \"""""
"okay, people of facebook  if you were on a road trip to the pan handle of florida   where would you stop on the way or once you got there?"
kendyl berger has been soaked   laugh  next time try not to have your mom pull out the car of the garage before you leave 
dropkick murphys
random friend request from someone i don't talk to? no thanks 
a second semester senior shouldn't have this much stress 
"<propfemale> <propfemale> schmutzler (noun) - the best, best friend a friend could have "
"you know, today was kind of glum, but then i realized the strokes released their new album today!"
"dear the strokes,\you guys have to much synthesizer in this new album,\please tone it down  \thanks, \avid fan "
mmmmmmmm food after a long work out 
