0214892c3083c42232fa2e2ccffcbe12
finally beat his brother's f**king merfolk deck
"is very very very bored         found an 11 inch long, working, novelty pen in my bottom desk drawer         oh      and f**k v-13      congratulations to anyone who knows who that is"
there's going to be an a-team movie in june   and a sequel to tron in december   
have you ever looked at a cat and felt a sudden sense of impending doom?
is it just me or does <propmale> from mass effect 2 look like kayne west?
verydemotivational com            go there         thank me later   
nobody trips over mountains  it is the small pebble that causes you to stumble  pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find you have crossed the mountain 
argh! why did i have to want to build my own comupter!?           stupid compatibility issues   
"anyone have a picture of me? i need a new profile picture, and yes <propfemale> is my team, so screw all you haters  they still have one game to play against portsmouth (currently in last place) to be back on top with a two point lead           so ha     "
go to youtube and look up kinder surprise advert  it's creepy to say the least 
"1998: every player on the basanga soccer team at a game in the democratic republic of the  congo between bena tshadi and visitors basanga was struck by a fork  bolt of lightning, killing them all instantly "
haha!!! f**k you manchester united!! <propfemale> back on top!!
210-927-6161      who are you?
"the next pokemon games look like they're going to be awesome  named pokemon black and pokemon white, 3d eviorments and battles  more to come              "
"i'm frikin' bored, someone hit me up         figuratively, not literally   "
"south africa's police commissioner said friday his job will be made \easier if the united states is knocked out of the world cup in the first\ round, avoiding the massive security challenge of a visit by president \barack obama "
<propfemale> regains the premier league title ending the season with an  surprise  massacre over wigan
patio table almost got blown away by the wind   
what is up with this world cup? all the good teams are losing or tying 
n  korea     embarrassing   
france     even more embarrassing   
"germany is probably going to win it all, there's really no team good enough to stop them "
onemanga com is shutting down       stupid craking down on scanlations   where will i get my fix!?!?!?!
dude      the call of duty: black ops prestige edition looks badass       you get a real rc car with a video and audio transmitter 
thanks for the birthday wishes all
"seven cities that may very well sink in the future: bangkok, new york city, <propmale>, shanghai, new orleans, <propfemale>, and mexico city  thought that was interesting   "
ninjas   damn   
"the biggest singer in japan right now is hatsune miku, a 3-d hologram   check it out   seriously, the hologram looks crazy real "
"one of the biggest singers in japan right now is hatsune miku, a 3-d hologram   check it out   seriously, the hologram looks crazy real "
