76544eba0a3fb649c3f06e7ffd28b976
had a great time at <propfirst>'s resort and hanging out with my cousins 
drove alot today!
has nothing going on today 
had fun driving in the rain today 
is bored and has nothing to do today 
might go to the fair tomorrow with <propfemale>!
making lunch and then i don't know 
is at my aunts for the weekend!
is having a great day!
going up north tomorrow with my family and christian 
had a great time up north!
i got a new nickname it's crash!!!!!!
had a interesting week with my family and christian!!!!!
going to play night games!!! text 
can't wait till sunday!!!!!!
fricken tired from the bonfire at christain's last night and the last day of summer!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no school!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
at the hospital with my brother and waiting for his surgery to start 
my brother is home and is doing better 
hopes we don't get anymore freaken snow!!
so glad that winter break is finally here!!
had a fun time on my vacation!
i wish my house didn't smell like fish! yuck
found out that if you eat fish with ranch dip it doesn't taste that bad 
is not feelng well today sad 
is feeling better today!
hopes my brother and sister's hockey teams win there tournoments this weekend!
my sister lost her hockey game today and my brother's team lost theirs too   sad 
just found out bad news!
"yeah, i am finally 16!!!!!"
"yeah, todays my birthday!"
had a good birthday!
my first day of work went really well!
just watched the hangover!
is very happy 2nd quarter is over!!!  smile 
has to get her wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning!
tomorrow morning is going to suck!!!!!
my mouth is sore!!!!
can't wait till sunday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
geometry is impossible to understand!!!!
had a great birthday and got awesome flowers from my grandpa!
is so happy that my brother's hockey team won against woodbury!!!
had a fun time with <propfemale> at the hockey game! woodbury coach very very scary!!!!
my brother's hockey game tonight!!! yeah  smile 
misses my columbian friends!!
misses my columbian friends!
wishes we don't have school tomorrow!
misses my columbian friends e playful ecally <propfemale> <propfirst>!
had a papple today at lunch  smile 
can't wait till i graduate!
can't wait till i graduate so i can visit <propfemale>!!!
watching the olympic opening!!
hopes summer would come!!
finally schueduled my driving test!!
wishes my brother's and sister's hockey season was not over!  sad 
can't wait till the hockey e playful o tomorrow!
had a great time at the hockey e playful o!!!  smile 
can't wait for friday to come!!!
doesn't want to go back to school tommorrow!
is happy it's finally friday!
listening to music 
listening to skillet and thinking!
had a great weekend!!!  smile 
leaves for spain in 12 days!!!!
leaves in 8 days!!!!
my phone will be deactivated until i get back from spain  text or call me after july 1st after noon 
i go to my fami9ly stay tomorrow in ciudad real!! can´t wait it should be really fun!
family stay starts tomorrow in ciudad real! can´t wait!!!!
i am great and going to a lake cabin with my family from spain this weekend i am excited 
last day with my family and then off to madrid for my last night day in spain!
can´t wait to get back home and see everyone!!!!!!
hey <propmale>!!
is having a great time at eagles nest lodge!!!!
is making chocolate chip cookies!!!
is making smores in the microwave!!!!!
just went and visited my friend <propmale>!!!  smile 
can't wait till monday!!  laugh 
anyone want to come over for night games?
wishes it was monday already!!!!!!!!
four o'clock hurry up!
school tommorrow!!  annoyed 
love you lots grandpa!!
best <propfirst>'s day ever smile 
