e557fd2902b857797cb8cec471f201a5
"is back in vegas, ready to win the main event!     not really b c i'm never going to win a tournament   hopefully i can take down a few $$$ anyways  smile "
is up and down in the wsop cash games    and he just finished reading brave new world by huxley & death by black hole by <propmale> degrasse <propmale>   both books were good 
is a little sick of poker    been playing fallout 3 a lot last few days instead of poker all day     smile 
"is playing the main event today, day 1b"
"out of the main event    my 11k didn't make it far into day 2   i've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though   probably going to play again today    now that i'm out, planning to come to vid's wedding"
back from vid's wedding   it was a blast!  congratulations to them both   i am ready for some more high stakes gambling in las vegas   one time!
"has left the country   enough poker at the wsop, time to travel around a bit!"
"has started doing hot yoga, and really enjoys it   i think i'll make it a habit!"
"did full-fledged bikram for the first time (a 90-minute class as opposed to the 60 minute classes i had already done)    and it was hard!  damn, i feel great now though  smile "
"is chillin in boracay at the shangri-la   this place is beautiful!  i just got out of farm country in the philippines, and got massacred by mosquitoes   need a few days of sun and relaxation to recover    smile "
"is leaving manila in a few hours for nice, <propfemale>   "
is playing the ftops main event in his hotel in nice    trying to stay patient tho i'm tired from a day of travelling and just want to sleep   tomorrow i go for a week on a yacht    more r&r + fun people + a whole lotta gambling    sounds like a slice of heaven 
"wow    so many cool stories    boats r fun i'm now in cannes for the tournament coming up in a couple days       getting a little homesick, been gone almost 2 months"
"is posting this from 30,000 feet above the surface of the earth, somewhere over nebraska in an airplane   wow, what an amazing world we live in!"
feels like doing things is hard 
is thinking maybe he needs to go visit peeps at some point in cali now that he's single and has no excuse not to   holla san <propfirst> & san <propmale>  smile        just gonna add that to my todo list here    get around to that at some point    (wow im hopeless)
"wow, i got d-r-u-n-k last night    hangover in full effect   <propfirst> gets in today, and i think we are all going to the lake   i might actually get a little sun    don't worry i'll have sunscreen  smile "
15k at bellagio today    off to the races
"has a big bet on the wsop final table    i bet on darvin <propfemale> to win vs <propmale> <propfemale> to win against <propfirst> negreanu   any other winners is a tie  i figure darvin is about 3:1 & <propmale> is about 7 5:1 i loooove my bet right now (no odds!)  i wanted to book more action last night vs <propfirst> when i saw him at the bellagio, but he doesn't like his side anymore   ship the ev kidd!!!!!"
"thanks to the beauty of anythingyouwantdelivery com     i have callofduty4mw2 on the way right to my place right now, for just a small delivery charge (along with some chipotle)    i've been hearing amazing things about it (best fps since counterstrike)    and i might have to do a little gaming"
wow - i just played cod4mw2 all night with 3 buddies    i felt like i was back in college
home to poway today for thanksgiving    holla poway!
thanks to my mom for an amazing feast    i just crashed out afterwards and caught up on 15 hours of sleep   now i'm up early in poway and ready to go!  who's out there???
"just went paintballing in sd    always a great time!  the bruises go away after a few days, but the memories of capping your friends last a lifetime "
"is on a mission in the gym   my body is changing daily, and i feel and think better then i have in a while   exercise: the only healthy drug!"
what a night last night    my liver took one for the team
current favorite song: chainside - i would die for you (club mix)
is a relatively short stack going in to day 3 of the bellagio 15k tourney    about to leave to go play now 
back in san <propmale> for xmas
does not know anything about the destruction of any rvs outside of las vegas in the desert 
"is currently reading fooled by randomness    today i put my book down in the midst of a reverie at my airplane window and felt as if my brain were a  bad sieve, realizing that i was bound to forget most of the wonderful things i was reading    if only i could remember everything useful that i've learned and forgotten "
"drinking with ju, my sister, and everyoneeeee on my sis's last night in rio"
taking care of last minute business    because tomorrow i'm going to brazil  smile 
"missed my connecting flight from atlanta to rio last night, i now have to spend 24 hours in atlanta to catch the same flight later today   it's under freezing here, and i have no long-sleeve tops and a single pair of jeans   hello hotel room!  time for movies!  i think i might be coming down with a cold too    wow, i hope it's a quick one that just goes away "
is finally in brazil after 2 whole days of travelling
finished fooled by randomness    it's an excellent book that i would recommend to anyone   i'm now 80 pages into chaos by <propfirst> gleick and am enjoying it   go reading!
thinks backgammon is fun!!
"is stoked bc a big grocery store, a nice gym, and a pinkberry (best after workout carbs ever  ) are all within 1 block of my penthouse in ipanema   not to mention the beach is a few blocks away   i am about to go to all those places and then the beach    i'm in heaven"
"is up a little too early in the morning (9 smile 0am)    and doesn't know what to do with himself   i think i'm going to get some quality reading time with chaos (gleick)    btw there is a scale for the quality of your reading (how focused distracted tired, etc   ), and right now i think my reading will be pretty solid"
"just rolled out of bed, not sure what the plan for the day is yet   but who really cares?  i'm just happy to be going along for the ride"
back in vegas    time to make victory poker a reality
wow    mass effect 2 just arrived    life
"i think i just spent about 45 hours in the last week playing a video game   mass effect 2 was awesome, but i am glad to have my life back   still hitting the gym hard "
"i am getting too old to be an insomniac    when i was 22, that shit was no problem   "
"end of day 2, 27 players left   i have 322,000 chips, slightly above average    smile "
day 3 beginning in about 20 minutes   you can follow on the wpt website 
wow    i truly never win   *sigh*
"out of sf, in sd for a few days for a poker game    then back to vegas   finally got some $$ on victory poker   going to start playing on there!"
"just had a sick chest workout + pinkberry (they have just figured out froyo, undeniably)"
"after being all over california the last two weeks, i am finally back in vegas   can't wait to sleep in my own bed tonight!"
"cut for dinner then out to xs with <propmale> park, <propfirst>, and others    tonight is going to be a sick night "
"up in tahoe for a victory poker thing   going to go skiing tomorrow for the first time in 6-7 years   wow, i am excited    now i just need to go to sleep so i'm not dead on the mountain "
"i am pretty exhausted from skiing    my ankle is bruised, and i think i sprained my thumb pretty good taking a fall   bleh    but on the bright side, i didn't severely injure myself  so i won't complain (anymore) "
"in the las vegas airport    my flight to miami is delayed, and i might miss my connecting flight tonight to rio    annoyed \ at least they have free wireless at the airport!"
"welcome to miami, bienvenido a miami    wish i could get that will smith song out of my head right now    seriously!"
 smile 
back in las vegas    sooo jetlagged at the moment   time for a nap 
fuck goldman sachs!
"back in vegas!     on monday i start the most insane diet i have ever been on, and i start 3 months of a no drinking bet (6 passes total)   it's time to get my life squared away folks!"
game 5 is gonna be a good one i think    gonna have all the time in the world to watch it stranded in miami alone for a night
"looking around at the airport, americans eating habits disgust me    saw a man put a whole mini carton of butter on his wheat toast   wtf is the purpose getting wheat toast?? donuts everywhere    it's like these people are trying to kill themselves!"
just finished blink    great book!  and i felt helpful context to understand the interplay between my conscious and sub-conscious thought processes at the poker table 
"for the first time this summer i feel like i'm really playing my a+ game    i have had some sick hands today in the 5k shorthanded \\the rust is finally wearing off "
"played very good today   had a sick bluff that worked   made a big fold that was correct   finally went out with kings to aq   \so it goes   "
"just won my 3rd match in wsop 10k hu championship, and in the money   match 4 against my good friend <propfirst>!  if i lose, at least my friend will get to advance    and if i win, that'll be pretty cool   gl2me"
out *sigh*
"i'm playing inspired plo 8 in the 5k    128k chips, 53k avg    60 players left    money at 28"
"121k, 63 players left"
"just doubled up <propmale> black, down to 66k"
"out, i think 42nd but i'm not sure   played really well this tournament, other than the hand where i doubled up <propmale> black   i should of folded the flop there instead of crai, which cost me about 48k in chips   i think my equity vs  his range was pretty poor, and rly my only bad decision   otherwise, i was a beast "
"what a strange plo table i'm at   most pots are 6-way limped  \gotta wait for hands   "
"played reallllly good today on day 2 of 10k plo    my friend who was at my table just told me i was owning the table   smile   anyways, had a good stack    played a pot, all-in on the turn as a 2:1 favorite for almost 300k in chips, and lost   if i won the pot, would of been chip leader with about 100 people left   i am actually slightly depressed about poker right now   these tournaments really wear on you "
"i watched braveheart recently, and 1 of the themes of course is freedom   and i remember thinking that i will try to enjoy july 4th more, because of how special freedom is   well, today is july 4th, and a good day to remember our freedoms and liberties   <propfemale> & the world aren't perfect, but it is great being able to do a lot of the things you want, and travel where you want   so give it up for freedom "
good start (30k)    already up to 43k!
"first break: 42,300"
"just got tw surprise uted on a ten turn with my kings    12,650"
"poker is a struggle, but one bad beat won't take me down!  (2 at this point might do it though   )  wink "
"stuck with it, got it in good and doubled   30,325"
"second break, 40,525    doubled with flush vs two pair, allin on turn and faded it  \just made a nice bluff raise on flop\i really can do it, wow"
"just lost a 20k pot, allin on turn as favorite vs the table donk    qq vs his qthh, he calls a rr preflop for 1 4 of his stack and makes a straight on the river \37k   "
"dinner break: 14,500\next level: 150 300 with 25 ante, starting in 2 minutes"
"good level so far!  39,450"
wow   right now i just need to make it thru the night   for some reason i'm really tired and feeling tilted   14k and struggling   
"day is over!  18,200 chips\this last half level was some of the worst poker i've played all summer "
"day 2 has begun    started with 18,200  \at 18,300 after 1 5 orbits   3bet sb in bb with air, open hijack gave up, opened button won blinds\best hand so far 33 on the hijack open  \i am in the matrix today, the chips are mine!"
"first break 27,500"
"first break 27,500"
"sick sick level    made so many hands early and never got any money out of them    people folding to cbets, etc    up to 45ish\then never hit sets when someone else bet, missed a big draw multiway, had a tough hand , down to 16k now\*sigh*"
"oh i totally forgot, lost 13k on a blond vs blond hand where sb flopped a flush to my 2pair and i doubled him up   sad \300 600-75ante starting, i'm gonna focus and do what i can"
"raised jj, 3way pot    k96r flop, i bet, fold, bb call   turn qc   c c   river 3c bringing flush   he bets 8k into 10k   i have 12k and tank-call  i'm good, whew!  up to 30k!"
"30 minute break, 54,200    dominated that level"
"20 minutes into next level, lost a pot i bluffed at -10k   lost an allin with a shirt stack kqo vs a6hh, -12 6k, and like that i'm at 30k!  it's never easy is it?"
"dinner break    26,500\way too many breaks!"
"25,500, an hour left in the day   \i feel great, but chips are short enough that i'm somewhat handcuffed"
"wow, what a sick ending to my day!  i doubled up with aces, and the on the last hand a guy min-raised me and i called with 44  k94 flop and i busted his aces \95,700 going into day 3    the first time i've made day 3 of the main "
"148,200 going in to first break \beautiful first level    got some good starting hands, won a bunch of smallish pots   so far table is great for me!  almost noone contested pots with me, seems like i can build the stack today "
"second break, 168,200   \slow level for me, no big pots again"
"800 1600-200ante   i open to 4k with ahkh   bb is <propfirst> <propfemale>, covers me and calls   flop jt6r   c, i bet 6500, he calls  turn: 4s (2 spades now   he leads for 13 5k, i call   river: 3c, he bets 27 5k, i tank (3 <propfemale>+) call   he has asqs, ship-ship boys!!! 195k"
"limp iso-shipped ako against a short stack, and squeezed 77 out of the pot   short had kj, flop a73!  i win the pot, and avoid a disaster!  230k    almost dinner break"
"dinner break starting, 229,500 chips \1485 players remaining, 148k average stack"
jus lost a huge pot to the idiot to my right who bluff reraises me on the flop   something felt fishy so i held on    he turned a set   super sick pot    down to 110k
was chipping up decent this level after that hand    up to 165ish   just lost a blind vs blind hand to the 77 kid to my eight where i have an ace on an ajj flop he has a <propfirst>    130kish
"day 3 over: 114,700 chips, 1251 players left, 176k avg stack   \lost some small pots at the end of the level, but i thought i played fine \the donkey to my right will be at my table tomorrow, but this time directly to my left   god please let me double through him then stack him!"
"just saw my table draw    i have the guy who is second in chips, with 741k, directly to my right    that is awesome   unfortunately, we are table 8 in pavillion, out of only 15 tables in that room - so we will be breaking during the first level of the day i think "
"to the poker gods: i'm gonna try to play my best, but i need a little run-good one time fellas \to my family & friends: thanks for all the support, this is for you guys "
"utg (can <propfirst> hua) opens, i call with 99   flop 669, he bets 8500, i make it 21k, he makes it 46k, i call   turn 6, he shoves, i call    he has 33   i double!\235k"
"table broke, going to new table with 240k"
"what an opening level!  345,600    i am dialed in right now, almost feels like i took an adderoll but i didn't \i am a conduit for decision making, that's all   time to check the ego at the door and play some cards  \20 minute break"
"was having the sickest level   chipped up to approx 430k with no hands    finally get queens, easily my best hand of the level, and just got it in for 260k pot qq vs tt, he of course flops the ten   \305k going into break   \it's just never easy, is it?"
"just got in 97dd vs jthh on td8c5d board   220k pot  \comes qh as, i brick open ended straight and flush draw \down to 182k"
"90 minute dinner break, we are on the money bubble    going to be hand-for-hand when we get back \225,500 chips"
"on the one hand, it's frustrating that i've lost 2 sizable all-ins today as a favorite   on the other hand, it's refreshing to know that i faded both, and still have twice as many chips as i started the day with   i am playing really well today - even if things don't work out for me this tournament, i will not be disappointed with how i played "
"first hand back, defend my bb with 22    flop j62dd, bet 3 times into aces and win a big pot   \357k"
"693 left    i'm up to 513k!\one more hour left on the day   \blinds going to be 3k 6k-1k ante"
"allin preflop for the first time behind    ako to aa for 240k each \i didn't win  \255k chips"
"days over!  576 players left (approx), 381k avg stack\i have 231,000 chips going into day 5"
"day 5 about to begin    574 players left, avg stack 382 5k, i'm at 231k\but my table is relatively short, with only two guys above 300 (410 & 610)    i'm about tied with 2 other guys for 3rd at my table \about to begin    gl to me!"
"out!  got it in with a7hh vs aqo on a q94hh board   i had about 200k at the time   bricked off   \i was behind, but not going anywhere with the nut flush draw ofc \disappointing, but not a bad run\hopefully next time i can win an all in "
haven't wanted to play poker the last few days    but i really should tonight because there are still a few more days of good games before everyone leaves i think 
<propfemale>    oi amor!
"poker was going pretty well recently - until the last two days   yesterday i lost in a game at the palomar, and i just got absolutely murdered on ftp    sad "
"it's been a while, and there has been request for more jams!\here is a recent song i found, <propfemale> vs deadmau5 - falling in love with brazil (kaskade mashup)\when they start mixing both parts 3 minutes in, wow    gives me chills when i hear \oohhhh    this is what it feels to be alive!\""\",e557fd2902b857797cb8cec471f201a5,"got em'!!  where?  full tilt poker son!  my account been running more or less even on all-in equity over the past week or so   know what that means?  yeah, i'm winning!  smile "
"tenho saudades de minha enomorada!  (i miss my girlfriend!)\now here's a song i just found today on pandora during my session annoyed <propmale> dougan- clubbed to death\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=z9cet laugh wvxe"
stay alert son!
"omg camping! what a crazy time    out in the wilderness with no computer! <propmale> laak getting injured atving! oi! i am glad to be sleeping in my bed again  wow, what luxurious comforts!\saudades amor!"
"been at bellagio since midnight    pretty much been stuck all night in this game   but this lady has run it up and won't quit   and i'm not gonna quit her!\worked my way up from my low point two hours ago    back to stuck half of what i'm in "
"<propfemale>'s student visa appt  for english time school in las vegas is in 2 days  we are trying to get all the documents together right now, and prepare for the interview \wow, i really hope that this works   if so, she'll be starting school here on the 13th of september   if not, back to the drawing board for a 3rd attempt \\i leave for rio on the 14th, i'll be there for 10 nights, coming back at the end of the month "
the us embassy is a horrible place   there's really nothing more civil i have to say about that 
"back in vegas    horrible plane ride back, and i'm not feeling so good "
"i'm back in vegas    working out, playing poker online, talking with my girl on skype, watching the daily show    life is good"
"put in a session on victory today    4 tabled 5 10 nlhe for a bit   i like the new cake software \just watched an episode of the colbert report where they reference the big lebowski during a bit on the mosque reaction    so genius "
just lifted back    now flying to sacramento to visit matt mel & <propmale>!
"was just in tahoe with <propmale> roberts, <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, vidhya prabhakaran, & <propmale> park    was really nice seeing everyone   now back in vegas    currently catching up with my dvr and chillin' "
"não passa um momento onde eu não pensar de, tem saudades, e amar <propfemale>"
"played late in to the night last night online in a big game    and today another day in vegas  did some errands, just lifted    now i think i might go with the swan down to sahara and try to win the big bucks    oh yeah, there's a huge new poker tourney there, and they're horrible  smile "
bye bye vegas    hello brazil    in rio for 2 weeks
sick in rio    just cancelled my flight for tonight b c i was gonna be miserable travelling   hoping to leave tomorrow 
"just rebooked my flight to tonight    i leave rio in about 13 hours and get home friday morning to vegas (prob gonna play the bellagio tourney) \i had a great time in rio with <propfemale>, and now we are engaged!  i love you ju!"
"in bellagio 10k   level 3 (out of 5), 44k chips (start with 40k)   nothing crazy to speak of so far    tables playing pretty snug overall"
"played poker all morning at the bellagio    lost  sad \i just scanned a bunch of documents for the fiance visa and shipped them to my lawyer, now i'm back at my condo thinking about working out "
"i'm like an old person now - in bed at 8pm, waking up at 4am    why?  well i'm on brazil time (they are +5 hours from pst)"
fantasy nba auction draft in 2 hours    think i'm ready  smile 
"played some more poker this morning, now doing errands   \i miss my girl!"
"got way too drunk last night        had to leave early, and pass out   still recovering in bed   "
completamente apaixonado pela minha mulher!
i will see you soon ju!!
thank you everybody for the birthday well-wishes!  i appreciate everyone thinking of me    smile 
"my last night in macau    then i have an incredibly long trip back to vegas (for one night), then to san <propmale> the next day for thanksgiving   who's back in sd?"
"i am finally back in the states    i was delayed, just got back a few hours ago    check out the photos   i was in macau when some sick poker action was going on   there were people playing as big as 6k 12k usd no limit hold em   crazy huh?  i didn't play that big    was grinding it out  smile \coming back to san <propmale> tomorrow!"
"at the bellagio playing plo right now    getting late and starting to get bored   but my game is good, so i'm gonna play a little bit longer at least "
"at the bellagio sweating the final table of the 10k wpt    3 left, robls is chipleader with 8 5m, <propfirst> with 6m, and rousso with 3m   victory poker might just get this head up    cheer for my boys!!!!!"
"<propfemale> gets it all in orr with aq to robls ak, 6m pot, flop qt8    turn k    river q\<propfemale> doubles and it's 3 way with everyone near 6m"
"not looking good for the boys    <propfemale> 9 5, robl 6, <propfirst> 2\was a rough level for victory"
"wow!!  <propfirst> ships sb for 2 5m with kh9h and <propfemale> calls bb with kc8c    flop kd2c6c     turn 2s river 3g and <propfirst> doubles\ant5, van5, robl7 5"
"<propfirst> busts <propfemale>, aq vs her q2 allin preflop    now it's robls and <propfirst> heads up for the title "
"they took some shots, and are pretty drunk   and i think it is making them play more conservative   there hasn't been a 3bet yet i think in over an hour of play    pretty boring   chips are evenish (8 9m each)"
<propfirst> won and robls got second!
"lost my phone last night    won't have a new one until i return to the states (january)   so don't text or call me, i won't get it!"
getting ready for my first christmas not with my family    in brazil cooking for a big dinner with <propfemale> and friends and family (including my sister who is down here!!)  <propfemale> christmas!
"in the bahamas right now, trying to earn a few dollars "
"in vegas trying to get things done    man, just want to click a button and have my to-do-list finished "
"i love my girl   i'm here in the us playing poker and getting things done    but i really wish that i was lying next to ju, cuddling   i miss you baby!"
"on a weird schedule    just woke up, going to the bellagio now to show the people how poker is played"
one of the chipleaders in the ftops plo8 tournament right now with about 50 players left 
"this weekend i played a 100 200 nlhe game at the bellagio for like 16 hours with manny pacquiao and others   he's a nice guy, and i even asked him about fighting mayweather   he said he thinks the fights going to happen   we'll see!  it was a fun session though, manny likes to gamble and keeps the pots interesting "
"in other news, i've been filming content for a series of plo training videos for pokervt for the past few days   i'll let you know when they release the content   hopefully it'll be something solid for those of you out there that want to learn plo   alright    as for now off to the gym to lift with swanny "
"although the word is portuguese in origin, saudade is a universal feeling related to love  it occurs when two people are in love or like each other, but apart from each other saudade occurs when we think of a person who we love and are happy about having that feeling while we are thinking of that person, but she is out of reach, making us sad and crushing our hearts the pain and these mixed feelings are named saudade"
"just played poker online all day    played pretty well for the most part, although i did make a couple horrible plays in the tournaments   finished up a little though, which was nice after being stuck quite a bit earlier in the day "
"what a weekend   played tournaments cash all day online on saturday for about 8 hours  after, as i'm about to go to bed, i get a call and go to the bellagio to play 100 200 nlhe with manny pacquiao and others  we play until 1 in the afternoon, when i go over to the set of the pokerstars big game where i'm the first alternate "
