57070b6d4bfcb7d89543a2096c297476
little <propmale> in tejas!
"staying the weekend in the bush    just me, <propmale>, and 20-30 head of horses   oh yea and a couple cows"
"\i can take ya for a ride on my big green tractor; we can go slow or make it go faster; down through the woods and up to the pasture; long as i'm with you it really don't matter  climb up in my lap and drive if you want to; girl ya know ya got me to hold """
someone should just give me a million dollars    i'm sure i could find good use for it
the rain is starting to piss me off    jus a lil   
youth world show tonight!!
who knew it could be so dark at 6 smile 0 in the morning!?
school work is so frggin tedious  i'm thinkin    no haha
just got done painting a kitchen    lol
in <propfirst> on a <propfemale> vacation    god i wish it was longer!
hrm    debating whether or not to do school work    i'm thinkin no
i am completely sick of the rain    
yea so    term papers    not going that great
oh and p s  - how can football be so entertaining that everyone seems to be writing about it? i don't get it    lol
school is a great way to waste money  the end 
i am so tierd of this f***ing rain! will it ever end!?
i think everyone else had way more fun on halloween than we did    
i used to love sundays 
mmmm      coffee
pretending to be <propfemale> homemaker   haha
wow i can't believe i finished my final project without procrastinating!! that never happens   
i think maybe the senior reining finals at the world show was a teeeeeeeny bit controversial yesterday    maybe that's just me :-s
work work work all day long    
i can already tell tomorrow is going to be suuuuppperrrr depressing 
god - new <propfemale> killed me!!! lol awesome
"<propfemale> - the homosexual midget is on the loose here in texas because my phone was also stolen     wtf!? in light of that, i will be needing everyone's <propfirst> "
"ok everyone - i got my new phone activated so email me, text me, call me, message me or whatever so i can have your <propfirst>  thanks!!"
it is reeeeeaaaaalllllllyyyyyyy f***ing cold in texas right now  i just had a lady from belgium tell me that it was colder here than in europe  wtf?!
"it's freakin nasty in <propmale>, texas  where'd the sun go!?"
why do mondays have to be so crappy? 7 days!!!!
i feel like i moved to canada    
3 more days!!!
i'm at home!!!! well     kentucky that is 
it's christmas <propfemale> and the presents are under the tree    where's the beer?!
last night in ky before i have to go back to work      sad 
we may not be far from home but i'm having the time of my life!
going for a lively stroll to the continental with <propfemale> and <propmale>     smile 
"according to <propfemale>, <propmale> is jewish    lol i don't know where that came from lmao"
"i miss my <propfemale>!!! at least the weather is now beautiful here in <propfemale>, ok  even gave the horses a bath! who would have thought it possible in the middle of january????"
uhh     headache!
leaving for arizona tomorrow night!!!!
ew its raining       sad 
finally some peace and quiet!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and copy the entry for your name and paste under comments "
has anyone tried that new vemma stuff? it's great!! super healthy stuff that actually tastes good-even the energy drinks are healthy-and the crazy thing is that they work! i ought to be a spokesperson    
uhmmmm it's cold and wet  and cheez-it has totally lost it's touch in the snackmaking area   
"if anyone wants to see some really cute foals, go to marestare com and look up the hicks ranch    colts and fillies by spooks gotta gun-super cute!!"
"spooks gotta gun breedings now $1,500 00 usd!! for more information, please go to spooksgottagun com or hicksqh com"
oh my horses   !!
watching olympic skeleton   holy hell thats some rough stuff right there!
oh lordy we have a lot of horsies!
my mommy and daddy will be here in a few hours!!
i just want to say good luck to all my midway girls going for regionals today-kick some a$$!! miss you guys!
does anyone have any thoughts on the <propfemale> in wonderland movie? i want to see it desperately but it will be a few days before we get time to go    
everything is so confusing!
will somebody please just shoot me already!!!
finally going to see <propfemale> in wonderland-so excited!
cleaning tack and clipping horses aaaaalllll day in 30 degree weather    so fun
burrrr its cold! what happened to the 70 degree weather!?
<propfemale> b will be here in less than 24hrs!
oh what a weekend     !
can it really be almost monday already!?
<propfemale> and <propfirst> are coming tomorrow!!!!
all my rowdy friends have settled down
fml
"life is a highway, i wanna ride it all night long  if you're goin my way, i wanna drive it all night long    "
just won horsemanship on my three year old reiner  !!
totally just got bit by a zebra!
"working as usual, trying to get everything straight in my head-its a daunting task "
that was an awesome race-so happy for <propmale> pletcher and <propmale> borrell
oh feelin shitty! i hate allergies   
"hollywood heir is getting ready to foal (hopefully, you know how mares are) but i can't keep my eyes open!"
today is going to go by sooooo sllllloooooowwwwwlllllyyyy
omg   !
oh what a night      smile 
off to <propmale> world       work went by fast today! time flies when life sucks    lol
my new lil puppy is so damn cute!
sitting at a bar alone    pretty damn entertaining
oh its pouring in oklahoma    
we're gonna have a baby tonight!!
the new baby is a colt  bay with four white legs with a snip and a <propfemale> <propfemale>    it's still raining though
i need a drink   
"i have never felt more sorrow, disappointed, and complete abondondment  my heart has been ripped out of my chest by someone i never would have thought was capeable of doing so, and in turn has cost me greatly "
i'm over it
new york in two days!!!
bout to be in an empire state of mind!
just landed in ny!!
oh how i've missed new york!
"party tonight in gorham-anyone can come, if you can! just text me or send me a message for directions"
off to the mall    with both aunts and the grandma  oh lord   haha
just barely made my flight to atlanta!
"well, i made it to atlanta, now on to <propfirst>"
its boiling hot and humid in oklahoma today  we need a pool!!
"i just want to thank each and every one of you who posted on my wall today  it was wonderful hear from all of you! if any of you are willing and able, please come to the party at cache ranch in collinsville, tx tomorrow for music, food, and drinks  get in touch with me if you need directions! thank you again, it was a wonderful birthday "
it's burnin up down here in oklahoma texas!
mmmm chambord <propfemale>    
so complicated im so frustrated i wanna hold you close i wanna push you away  i wanna make you go i wanna make you stay  should i say it should i tell you how i feel  oh i want you to know but then again i don't it's so complicated oh i hate it  cuz i've waited so long for someone like you  oh what do i do  oh should i say it should i tell you how i feel i want you to know but then again i don't  it's so complicated
sitting on my porch at cache ranch    its so nice here!
oh it's a gorgeous day out there!
just woke up  wow i must have really needed a nap    
super excited - going to watch futurity bucking bulls tomorrow in ardmore!
"unfortunately, i didn't get any pictures and despite the red  truck breaking down in the middle of the highway, the abbi american heritage futurity was friggin sweet!"
who would have ever known   ???  smile 
"going to get the red truck after our little escapade this weekend, wish me luck!!"
we made it!
shower then bed    thank god this day is over
its raining!!!!
"\its another <propfemale> sunrise   \"""""
is it quittin time yet   !?
so i basically have to get up in 4 5 hours and i'm still not in bed     intelligent!
oh my its hot! getting ready to go down to cache ranch for a little party at <propmale> and <propfirst>'s   
<propfemale> is freakin killing me makin jokes!
its a crazy day in the neighborhood - everyone is getting ready for the nrha derby this week     so excited for my favorite horse show of the year!
mmm i love the derby!
last shot!
oh every time i close my eyes i see my name in shiney lights oh my i swear the world better prepare for when i'm a billionaire   
"i don't think its right that someone feels the need to tell you not to do something because it would be 'disrespectful', then turns around and does it themselves  fu**ing hypocrit  i wasn't born yesterday   "
i love my big ol puppy! he's figured out that bein snuggled up next to me on the bed at night is the way to go lol
oh my hot! i can't believe i live in a place that's this sweltering   
drivin to okc for my favorite show of the year!!
what a finals   !
stress is very unbecoming on me    
i need a new phone from verizon    any suggestions? preferably a smartphone   
six flags over arlington!!!
at cinder lakes watching <propfirst> fappani school einsteins revolution    amazing!
exhausted!
omg the rain!
going to see eclipse finally!
so tired    and i can feel a headacbe coming on    ugh
its a quarter after one i'm a little drunk and i need you now
friday night alone    how sad lol
just got in from work    so #?*!ing tired lol
sexy can i    lol !
<propmale> and i totally kicked ass last night at beer pong   !
oh what a cluster
the more money we come across the more problems we see   
omg memories!!
a little lost today
darling you are the only exception
horse haulers have no sense of time    work in four hours!
got 30 head ridden yesterday thanks to some very nice australian guys     wink  its gonna be a good rowdy week!
bedtime after a very interesting day   
"have you ever just sat back and wondered \why the hell do i put so much thought into some things?\"""""
some things are better left unsaid   
oh what a night   
"just survived a near death e playful erience    guns don't kill people, toothpaste does"
i can do it better than her
ahhh the burn!
sometimes i love texas   
ok maybe i am a little nervous   
sincerely impressed
i think i had way too much to drink last night    there's a possibility that i may still be drunk and that some guy from california thinks i took a girl home last night    pretty embaressing
its going to be a great week   !!
fml
r i p  smart little <propfemale>
can you believe it's been raining in gainesville tx for 18 hours   ????
my head is spinning!
yeah that happened   
haha nope the first one's a joke
is ready for round 2   !
amazing night
sooo tired     sleepy time now-tomorrow is still another day
its raining   !
i can't believe this rain!!!!
everything in my freezer is now ruined   
can someone please tell me what is happening to country music!? since when do country award shows showcase presenters like snookie and the situation    ? i'm a little shocked 
baby let's roll with it
damn the red truck!
oh oh i want some more oh oh what are you waiting for say good-bye to my heart tonight
you make me smile     wink 
is sitting at the dr 's office waiting for <propfemale> and <propfemale> to get me so we can go shopping    my work life rocks sometimes  wink 
on my way to the airport-damn its early!
is feeling a little neglected   good thing whiskey (my dog     laugh ) loves me!
"off to bed - its sunday tomorrow     my day off! and yet i feel the compelling urge to work, why would one do that!?"
i'm supposed to be doing school work but i keep getting distracted    !!!! it's also possible that i'm really just procrastinating  smile 
whiskey's my little (or big i shouls say) cuddlebug!
"i'm so pissed that i just put my status line on <propfemale>'s facebook instead of mine   haha  i meant to say \it doesn't matter what happens on monday because the first day is always a joke \"""""
oh my freakin god
<propfemale> asked me if she could lick my fudgesicle today    i was speechless lol
excited for tomorrow   'oh oh o want i some more oh oh what are you waiting for say goodbye to my heart tonight'
"life may be filled with sneaky little disappointments, but there are infinate possibilities to make them better  smile "
"oh my head - such a stressful week, and its not over yet! can anyone recommend a stress reliever-quick!?"
what is going on?!
"i'm pretty sure i say things i shouldn't when i've been drinking, although i am a firm believer in the fact that you always tell the truth when ur drunk because you've lost the inhibition to lie    haha  whether that's a good thing or not has yet to be determined   !"
taking much needed nap for a bit   
<propfirst> sissorhands with <propfemale>    good times
0n my way to okc for a vet check    gives me a lot of time to think bc i'm racking my brain to try to figure this out 
making videos all afternoon    it was a good day to ride     smile 
at yet another vet check-we're selling machines!
don't you think i deserve an e playful lination    ?
goin to see kaleb and <propfirst>!!!!
is feeling sooooo much better now  smile 
;-d
oh my wow    i don't even know what to say!  laugh 
also    i can't sleep! haha
what a crazy busy day    
i still haven't mastered dancing in texas     its becoming a problem at the bar haha
"after reading my horoscope for the day, i'm pretty darn excited for tonight     !!!!"
i'm becoming a little more enthusiastic about being steered in a different direction  smile 
oh what to do on a sunday??????
people watching at walmart sounds good     lol
"if you love it and it feels right, you should do it"
kentucky here i come!
this is a horribly boring drive alone  !!
crossin the mississippi river!
made it to kentucky    sleeping in my own bed for the first time in almost a year!! get to see bri tomorrow     !!  smile 
fall in kentucky is beautiful
shopping    !
lexington is gorgeous in the sunrise
back to texas today!
the back roads of oklahoma are slightly less fun than advertised     i just wanna be in my bed!!
and at this point i think i'm hallucinating 
texas!!
goin out!!  wink 
i can always get lost in a good bookstore
goin to ride  smile 
oh what to do about this situation    i think just roll with it
oh my god its been a long day   !!
i've had an absolute c*** of a day
bedtime     smile 
legacy sale!
mmm champagne    lol
"wow, i don't even know what to say right now "
has such a busy day!!
rangers game!!
i think my head could e playful lode at any given moment  !
thank god we're done for the day!! off to the bar with <propmale> for a cold one  smile 
"gonna be a good day, tater "
is so relieved and excited for the future   !
playing go fish with <propfemale> on a saturday night-how exciting    lol
"a ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships were made fore "
there's something about a full <propfemale>   
bedtime    ? i think so  smile 
ugh    too much <propfemale>
awesome night-can only imagine the rumors flying tomorrow!  wink 
"trick or treating with <propfemale>, <propfemale>, and <propmale>"
i have a new found love for sushi
bottoms up
sleepy time i think    i had way too much fun last night    wink 
"my apartment is lookin much cleaner at this point, finally found the motivation to clean!!"
my two new <propfemale> glasses need to be christened today   !
i think i should have let <propfirst> cut me off last night    ha
oh my cowboy hat and cinch jeans    mmmmm haha
going to texas motor speedway today for the 8th race in the <propmale>    should be exciting!!!
feels like my heart could pound straight outta my chest-who knew being good was so hard!?
the guy next to me at the branding iron is freakin hilarious- i'm pretty sure he's had way too many <propfirst> n waters   
dessert consists of pumpkin cake and gin n tonic    yummy haha
exhausted from actually getting to ride some horses today! going to bed     smile 
next week needs to come just a lil faster i think!
you gotta get them to crave it     smile 
rainy days and mondays   
world show!!
watching a movie before passing out to rest up for the work week to come     wink 
reading tarot cards at work    lmao
 laugh 
the suspense is killing me  wink 
my cheeks hurt from smiling and laughing so much this week  !
the <propfemale> over texas is unreal tonight     wink 
who would have thought - 81 degrees in texas in november!!
;-d
driving to okc and there's ice on the car    !!!
tilt!!!
on my way to okc    futurity time!
i think there's a fire burnin at home    not fair     wink 
on my way home from okc just to turn around and go back in the morning   
i found a radio station in okc that's only playing christmas music     laugh 
finals day!!
its the first showing foal crop for spooks gotta gun and he has an open futurity winner to his credit! phoenominal
"watching a horse sale at <propfirst> <propmale>'s in fort worth, texas    extremely entertaining"
tis the season for   
for the love of a horse   
on my way to oklahoma city yet again  
there may be love in the air
oh my i was a little belligerent last night      wink 
in ky - nuff said   
fiesta mexico time!!!!
headed to lex tonight with  <propfemale> laude!! soooo excited     wink 
oh my         
unreal weather today in texas - 70+ degrees and <propfemale> at the end of december!!!
livin the dream     smile 
<propfirst> and i are looking for a third party to play my new board game       any takers?
can't wait for tomorrow - looking forward to being lazy and spending the day with my favorite people  wink 
absolute perfection  wink 
oh texas bull - how i've missed your redneck charm   
i hope you don't mind if i put down in words how wonderful life is now you're in my world  wink 
so excited about fort worth this weekend!
just another <propfemale> sunrise   
we're having a going away party for <propmale> tonight at the branding iron around 7-8 pm  anyone who can should try to make it-we're doing karaoke and of course  alcohol      wink !
its snowing in texas   !!
"if it wasn't for change, there wouldn't be any butterflies   "
it's going to be sooo quiet around here now! our ranch family has shrunk over the past week     sad 
letting a ten year old do your hair and makeup can have some scary outcomes      smile  i think <propfemale> is having way too much fun tonight!
there's nothin like good friends and good drinks    wink 
"if i fall, will you let me down easy     wink "
just put my very first french apple pies in the oven    i hope they come out as good as they looked when they went in!!
would you believe its 72 degrees in gainesville tx today and i'm walking around in a t-shirt!? insane     smile 
"in toucumcari, nm on our way to scottsdale, az!"
finally made it to phoenix!
sooooooo tired    
proud of my little protege! sleepy time     smile 
<propfemale> is the 2011 sun circuit novice youth reining champion!
i got a sunburn today!
"on the road, back to texas!"
the tire place in midland is some kind of scary    
"we just had two blow outs on the tires we just got put on 30 minutes ago, we're sitting on the side of hwy 20 with 6 horses on the trailer - its not turning out to be a good day   "
"never stop at patriot oil co  in midland tx! they charged us $250 for two \good\"" used tires that both blew out 50 <propmale> away!"""
finally made it home   ! so very happy  wink 
snow day!!
bed is boring   
how is it possible that you make me strong and weak at the same time   
"we may only have tonight, but til the morning light you're mine; all mine  play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love"
you'd think it was the beginning of summer here in texas     smile 
there's just not enough hours in the day   
goin out!!!
just drank about $500-700 worth of wine    wow
tornado watch for n  texas    yay   
it is absolutely gorgeous here today!! and my colts couldn't be riding better     smile 
lightening is so intriguing   
"the grocery store is <propfemale> e playful ensive these days, i feel like i need to shop lift   "
movies!
    and sushi!
the <propfemale> over texas tonight is unreal    so beautiful
breakfast and a mani pedi with <propfemale>     smile 
i love my life
my sushi fortune cookie says: wish upon the next <propfemale> you see for luck the next day  too bad its cloudy   
i haven't been this bored since     well ever!
its a cold day in hel- i mean texas     smile 
we're about to set up our new round pen   !
finally got my stingrays!!!!!!
he's amazing  love 
the lake was cold but i had to put my toes in  smile 
