85d01e035c33e79b16919af0e5dabfcc
happy new year 
ugh i should totally be in the bed
should really be cleaning the kitchen    
ahhh     bored
i really want something to do    
watching tv     hmm
i heard the baby's heart beat this morning and it is nice and strong!! yay!!! i cant wait to find out what i'm having     only six more weeks!
trying to show my mom how to use facebook   haha
my dog hates it when we clips his toe nails     he thinks where trying to kill him lol    the whimpering is sad tho   makes me feel like im a bad mama lol
gah     im soooo bored
is there ever anything to do around here??? i really wanna get out the house
hmm    having a baby is e playful ensive lol
wow between seeing someone i didnt want to see   fighting with my friend    cops and stupid shit its been one hell of a birthday    screw it
hmm this is fun     hahaha
wow   uh   did that really happen???      what am i supposed to do think now??     
omg i finally felt the baby move!!! its so weird being able to feel it!! ahh i'm so excited!!
i'm having a little boy!!!! he will be here in february!!
ugh i want to get out of this damn house   
had my last ultrasound today   baby caden is doing well   only 9 more weeks to go and he already weighs 3lbs 7oz!! im so excited!!
my night started out slow    but ended totally awesome!!!  smile 
omg my computer totally sucks
<propfemale> christmas
ugh   so sick    and in so much pain    really tylenol 3 is the only thing i can take? it doesnt freakin work    uggghhh im so tired but i know that i wont be able to sleep thru the pain    i want painkillers!!!!
feeling much better today but still sick   
really should be going to bed    
oh dear    a very interesting day ahead of me    not looking forward to this    i wonder how bad it will be???
i finally put up all the ultrasound pics!! hope yall enjoy!
at my moms office    working for a lil bit    bored
roll tide!!! way to go alabama!!!!
its snowing in orlando    this sucks    it misses us and snows in orlando   wat the crap???
5 weeks till my baby boy is here    hopefully less    i cant wait!!!
drs appt went well today   5 weeks can't come soon enough
wishing that my brother would grow up or something b c i can't take his bull anymore    ive never met anyone so ungrateful
i dance with a gangster in line at the bank b c i'm sexy and i do what i want 
ready for caden to be here    only 35 more days to go  
4 weeks  hopefully a lil less till my baby boy is born!! i cant wait!!!
i believe everything is almost ready for my baby boy    
everything is ready for baby caden!!  smile  dr  tomorrow!!!
everything is moving right along    it wont be to much longer before i meet my lil boy    
really ready for baby caden to get here   soooo tired of being sick    goin thru my nausea meds like <propfemale> at this point      sad 
guess ima be goin to north <propfemale> this weekend     not fun
having a bad day     ugh
cleaning the house   im bored
 smile  my dr  appt  went great today!! so i wont get to go to n c  but thats ok my lil boy will soon be here!!! i can't wait!!! not much longer now!!  smile 
i hope i can get some sleep tonight  last night was a lil rough on me    if caden is ready to be here i wish he would just come on   
babyshower tonight      feelin kinda like baby caden is ready to be here    he hasnt stopped moving since 8am n now my back hurts     and ive had a few contractions   hmmm
"god is good! my baby-shower was amazing! i got everything i needed, wanted, and more! thank you so much to the ladies from church for the shower! i am truly blessed to have such a great church family!  smile "
looking for something to do       
having contractions again     baby caden should be here this week!!!! i cant wait!!!!!
soooo tired    up all night with contractions   went to hospital and came back home    ugh baby caden is being stuborn      i wish he would make up his mind
dr's appt tomorrow    hopefully gonna have a baby this weekend!!!! i'm so excited!!
my dr appt went great!!! they did what i wanted them to do    i will be having my baby boy sometime tonight or tomorrow!!! yay!!!
"my beautiful baby boy is finally here  caden <propmale> <propmale>  born saturday feb  13, 2010  6lbs 10oz and 20&1 4 inches long "
finally got pics of baby caden up      he is so beautiful!! i love him so much
wishin i had somebody to watch my lil boy for like 30 mins      
caden is doing soooo good!!! im gonna try and get more pics up
caden is 3 months old and finally n size 1 diapers  n thats only bc i refuse to buy any more newborns  haha  still n newborn clothes tho 
had a good night   <propmale>'s 4th bday party so i got to <propfemale> out with the family and that was nice   i am totally in love with my sweet baby caden    he is my world!!
sooo tired    wish i could have gone to bed when caden did    ugh long day 2ma   
really wishing i hadnt gotten on myspace tonight    ugh    things r just gonna get worse now
caden sat up on his own tonight for just a few seconds!!! wow i totally wasnt e playful ecting that!! and he rolled over as well  but i believe he has been doing that just not when im looking     my lil man is getting so big     sad 
ugh   i feel like total crap   i hate being sick
im so sick of this crap   
i don't think i could be any happier at this point in time   everything is finally perfect!!! we can only go up from here!!  laugh 
up with my lil man    he wont go to sleep     damn
sooooo sleepy       
goin to see eclipse 2ma with <propfemale> and <propfirst>!  i can't freaking wait!!! my life is so freaking perfect right now!!!! i love it and my lil man!!!
<propfemale> tired   working 2ma    
sitting at the house with <propfirst> bout to watch a movie!!! its been a good day! i love my lil boy!!!
my lil man is nappin and so is eric    should be sleepy but im not    oh well guess ima read and enjoy the quite   
is thinking that a nap sounds like a really good idea at this point    
such a long week last week   don't think this week will be any better  sooooo much to do and not enough time in the day to do it    caden had a bad day today really hoping tomorrow is better    i am sooo tired      lovin my lil man
caden said dada yesterday    ahhh my lil man is growing up    *tear*
my lil man isn't feeling very well tonight    i am so tired   i really hope he feels better 2ma   still gonna take him to the doctor tho    
what to do  what to do  agh  i guess ima go clean my car while my lil man is sleepin!! ohhhh i hate south ga    
finally going to bed   i hate it when i forget to get formula for the next day   late night trips to walmart are not fun
?had so much fun on my date with <propfirst> tonight ? n got to come home to our sweet baby boy sitting with his grandmama being so good  i love my lil family    it can't get better than this!!!! ?
my lil man isnt feeling very well    wish i could make it better
"feeling kinda like chopped liver    i know i shouldn't, but its hard not to at this point    humph family     "
feeling like crap    not easy to take care of a baby when ur sick     ugh all i want to do is sleep but i cant 
in a picture taking mood tonight!! uploading more pictures!!
ahh geeze i hate when the memory on my phone is full    really wishing i had a nice phone so this would be easier then sending them one at a time to my verizon online album ugh
still not done but going to bed   
caden has 2 teeth! wow he is growing up so fast!!!!
"had fun in tally today with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and caden!!!!!!!"
"virus spreading\like wildfire on facebook !!! it is a trojan worm called koobface  it\will steal your info, invade your system and shut it down! do not open\the link barack obama <propmale> scandal! if smartgirl15 requests you,\don't accept it; it is a virus  if somebody on your list       adds her\then you get the virus to   ! please copy and paste to your wall  this\was confirmed on snopes8 hours ago"
omg i am just about sick of these migraines     they are really starting to get annoying
i hate my computer         really hoping that my refund check for school will be enough to get what i want         
had such a long night with my lil man    he had his shots yesterday and didnt do to well    he had to sleep with mommy     i hate seeing him sick and i can't fix it     
stupid f*ckin wasp dammit this shit hurts    my hand is almost 3 times bigger than its supposed to be           uuuuuggggghhhhhhh
my hand is looking a lil better today   at least i can move it!
i am finally 21!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!
caden loves his daddy!!! when we got to church tonight <propfirst> was holding him and my mama tried to get him and caden turned away from her and back into to <propfirst> and when she took caden he cried for his daddy    it was to funny and to cute!!!!
oh lord it is getting late    why am i still up??? i am totally gonna regreat this tomorrow   
needs a kick in the butt so i can get this house work done
is so past the point of waiting for november to get here so i can get a new computer     this stupid computer of mine is really pissing me off    i really hope it makes it that long or i'm screwed being as i signed up for a freakin online computer class lol     i have a feeling i'm going to regret that    ugh
kinda mad rite now          
caden's dr appt went really good today    he is finally big enough to get medicine for this awful cold he has had   i am sooooo happy that he is going to be feeling better soon   this cold has really been rough on us     i love my lil man
there is not enough time to watch all the episodes of grey's anatomy before the new season starts     crap   im gonna regret doing this
well my charger for my computer doesnt work anymore so im screwed   and i cant watch the episodes i need to watch of grey's anatomy before thrusday crap     sad  i really hate my computer
this tea is makin me feel so much better    ahhh
listening to caden cry is one of the hardest things as a mom   but he needs his nap so i can't pick him up      crying 
aaaggghhh i really wish that people would grow up!!!! its over    get over it move on and quit being a lil baby about everything   (not my fault) ha!!!!!! bullcrap   seriously i wish when i am sick and tired of certain people that i could quit talking to them and never have to deal with them again geez holy crap    thinking about getting a fulltime job and getting out of here    
first day of school tomorrow!!! so excited! but i am nervous   i have no room to mess up this time   hoping it all goes well!!!
wow   i have so much homework i don't even know where to start and i've already done some of it   this is going to be a rough quarter    i thought i chose the easy classes     crap
caden is in coolidge with his tita and he aunt <propfemale> and aunt <propfemale>  i am really missing him right now  this is going to be the longest i have ever been away from him  really hoping he is being a good boy for them tonight so with 2 sleeping pills and nothing but homework and some house work to do tomorrow i should feel like a brand new person can't wait to see my lil man at 5pm tomorrow!!! i love my sweet boy!
missing my baby a whole lot right now   5pm needs to hurry and get here so i can have him back!!!! he has been gone since 12pm yesterday  sad 
ugh school tomorrow    i am so tired from this weekend    and now i dont feel good on top of it all    really hoping i feel better in the morning    cant afford to miss school for being sick    this sucks
working on homework   so much to do and so little time to do it
screaming baby    sleepy mommy
ima pull all my hair out i am trying to write this paper and caden wont let me ugh  i have to get done with it soon so that i can go meet with one of my teachers and go to the dr and the grocery store and then have dinner made before my 6 surprise 0 class tonight    i dont know what to do                                         crying 
ahh school           
getting ready to head off to english class in a bit    home it all goes welll
not feeling the homework tonight    dang i am just to tired
caden is just about crawling    he is rocking on those lil knees and trying so hard!!! my lil man is growing up to fast    and i'm pretty sure he has said bye and uh-oh   hmmmm
school today!!!!
in math    i swear this class will be the death of me   ugh     
school is really getting hard
trying to get my math homework done but i have such a bad headache i can't think straight  i think im going to call it quits   
doing math homework   got class tonight
omg stupid homework!!! i wanna go to bed but i have a paper to write ugh
hmmm     english class is over   now on to tourting blah
i am really messing up in school    i just can't seem to get my-self organized  crap
all my math homework is done on a monday night instead of tuesday before class!! awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
i need a nap i am so freaking tired!!!!! i can't even thing straight     but i have to wait till 4 ugh    sleepy sleepy sleepy
caden is making funny noises at his baby einstein movie    maybe i should just go to the grocery store so that i dont fall asleep here
dang i didnt get a nap like i wanted to    stupid dinner took to long to prepare   now im just super tired   class is to easy tonight so i can't focus   ugh got like an hour left
caden just took his first crawl!!!!! it was so sweet!!! omg!!! that gave my bad day a perfect ending!!!! and his daddy got to see it too!!!! i love my 2 boys!!!
i feel like banging my head against the wall!!!! these people are driving me crazy!!!! they wont shut up!! and these earplugs dont work              crap
"dear stomach bug,\can you please back your bags and move the hell out? i am sick of you! go away!"
how bout them noles!!!!!!! how does that burn taste gators???? hahahahahaha
ahh school library today   i really hate that my charger is messed up for my laptop
"dear who ever created math, \you suck!!!!!!!!!!!!\-<propfemale>"
i am so glad there are only 3 weeks left of school    i am about to go crazy    i can't seem to figure out this stupid paper for english   ugh 6 pages really? all i have is a  paragraph    crap  
lets go noles!!!!!
so mad at you right now!!!!
ok ill play this number game   message me your number!!!
500: first off your just wrong for using that number   lmao!! we have had some good times for sure! you are an amazing friend and i can always count on you to be there    i can remember so many things that i just cant put on here   and 500 being one of them hahaha i miss you!!!
my bed is screaming my name   so im off to make it shut up    i hope a few hours of sleep will give me the rest i need to write my paper due tomorrow lol coffee will be my best friend in the morning!!!
got my paper done   don't know how good it is but oh well maybe he'll let me redo it before class ends next week   
my shoulder is killing me and my knee is really messing up   cant even take a step with out it feeling like something on the inside is tearing    ahh geeze can i get a break please??????
going to bed gotta be at wrk early
soooo tired and have sooo much homework and not enough time to do it    i really should have stayed on top of this crap    ugh
good lord it is 2 smile 0 am and i am still awake doing school work    ugh
i wanna go to bed      crying 
"i am done with school!!! yay!! i am so looking foward to this break! i made a 82 on my english final, a 98 on my computer final, and a 90 on my math final! i should know my final grades tomorrow "
watching a movie with <propfirst>  so glad that caden is starting to get over the flu 
caden's birthday went great!!!! i can't believe my lil man is already a year old   oh how time flys
i think i have food poisoning  ugh   
this waiting game is about to drive me up the wall   i can hardly sit still
aaaaggghhhh!!!!! i can't take this!!! i have no paitence what so ever ugh   
really wanting to do something different    
ugh
            
heading to alabama tomorrow    gonna be a long ride   
day one of my diet    so far so good    hopefully i wont be to tired after the gym tonight    
day 2 of my diet is going ok     wish i could to the gym  tonight but i cant    work will be the real test    working in a grocery store sucks    
