9f5a3e00ced8da008d97c07e7a5e08c4
sooooo cold in my house!!!
lol we when to movies and the tickets where sold out  cry
hurts every where
"only weak people need to get revenge, the strong can \man up\"" and forgive   -rigel <propfemale> <propfemale>"""
"<propfemale> alert!!! edmonton, ky little girl, 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car, license plate: quebec 72b 381  put this as your status  it could save her  this kidnapping is recent so do it, 3 seconds will not kill you  if it were your child    what would you want people to do? it doesn't matter how far away you live  please repost"
they have dub vampire knights i am sooo happy!!! find the episodes at justdubs net
all of my castle age friends send me army invites
i questioned me sanity to day and it answered me back?!?!?!
"????\ if you support our troops then please post this on your status and \leave it there for the day  if they could sacrifice their lives for all \of us then we surely can sacrifice our status for a day  please do this \for the ones that make this the home of the free because of the \brave!!!! ????"
well tonight me and my mom where cleaning the shop that she works at and some one hits one of the pills out side of the shop so we call 911      and where on hold for 5 mins before we talk to a human i am glade no one was die cause if so 5 mins = dead
keep my little sis in prayer guys she is running a fever of 101-103 and puking a lot to 
about to watch nightmare on elm street and splice hehehe i am happy
splice     wow ummm wow
i am trying to get my mom to temp die my hair blue for new years like this if you think it would be cool !!!!
watching blood+ with  mister <propmale>
good night all and keep my family in pray in the morning my moms adopted father is having majer heart surgery it is a 6 hour surgery had he will need prays and lots of them
if you know everything do you thing at all?
is it possible to cut off irony    faith did not fill good last night so i was up with her all night and to night i cant sleep    t-t
bored out of my mind someone anyone talk to me  laugh !!!!!
now time to go read my book  laugh 
just start watching angel beats and wow very weird show  laugh 
i fill like crap
"just watch <propfemale> and <propfemale> and favorite line was \i will rip out your eyes and shove them down your throat so you can watch me ripe your carcass apart\"""""
<propfemale> beats ending is propel one of the saddest anime ending i have seen
like this if you hate the snow right now!
"??????????????? ????? ???????????????\? if you have an amazing mom, put this as your status ?\??????????????? ????? ???????????????"
pray for my mom and her father she just lost her adopted mother early today
5 days till my 18 bday and just realist i have nothing plan to do  surprise 
getting ready for the funeral      i hate monkey suits
i can now say i have my very own keys to my own car
"teacher: can you see god? class: no  teacher: can you touch god? class: no  teacher: then there isn't a god! student: sir, can you see your brain? teacher: no  student: can you touch your brain? teacher: no  student: oh ok so you have no brain???"
toradora! is one of the most saddest anime endings i have seen in a long time but still a good anime
