7860356a3f4087d7edfe9a4ba5473b04
"pierce starts tomorrow again   back to the real world, this sucks "
class of 2010  laugh 
school tomorrow   crazy how summer goes by so fast 
nicks first day of middle school! he was so nervous  
today kinda sucked for me  someone put me in a bad mood 
"car got broken into, grandma's birthday today & cant even go to the cemetary to see her - seriously this week really does suck so far "
waking up at 5 smile 0 is catching up w  me   i'm reallly tired  
"saw paranormal activity this weekend  it was pretty freaky, but i didnt get as scared as i thought    unlike paig who clawed my arm  wink  lol "
decided on which college i realllly wanna go to now - western state!
heading off to bed to relax  text me  smile  2533073554
"trying to decide on which baby picture to choose  its between one of just me, or one of me & my grandma   leaning towards the one of me & my grandma  smile "
ended up choosing the one w  my thumbs up for yearbook - i'll put my grandma in my will in the yearbook definately though 
only one more day left of the quarter   so excited 
one more day left in the quarter   so excited 
"got a b- on my research paper from pierce    hell yeah! i'm so excited right now, worked hard on it - my teacher was really tough "
happy new years bitches !!  smile 
"he got me a <propmale> bear, so i can hug it and sleep w  it & think of him  smile "
"hopefully today is a better day, cause yesterday sucked  "
"so tired today, excited for swimming class tomorrow - loooove swimming  smile "
"have my winter formal dress, definately will get in w  this one  going 2 for 2 this year on getting into dances   oh yeah  smile "
cant believe its been 4 years today  miss you so much grandma <propfemale> 
found my prom dress!!!  smile  i feel like a <propfemale> in it 
midnight blue   red   coral   or purple   cant decided  sad 
"i chose   red!  smile  red looks good on me i've been told, i already had worn a midnight blue and <propfemale> colo dress in previous dances  "
legs so sore  lunging with 90 lbs on your back is not fun
okay worked on upper body today  ms  holt definately does not play in aerobics 
just got off work  hangin at <propfemale>'s   & i'm irritated  
"new heels = 4 inches   soooo unbelievably  comfortable though, gotta feel sexy with a pair of black satin heels  smile "
"today sucked  seriously hate mt right now, that school can kiss my ass "
so bored at home  text me
so very tired   dont feel like going back to school 
"really annoyed, in a bad mood  this weekend sucks "
eye are burning  so tired   
sooooo my dress needs some alterations  i am not trying to get kicked out of prom haha   
"so tired, eyes are burning  missed pierce today   woops!"
work sucked    7 days till my 18th birthday!  smile 
birthday tomorrow!!  smile  excited  smile 
had a great birthday! thank's everyone   & happy mothers day  smile 
"essay is almost finished   so tired though, i need to learn not to procrastinate   "
i would do anything for a back massage right now lol  i should go to the ciropractor  
got a new phone!  smile  the droid   so happy lol i love it
kill me   my polysci class is soooooooo boring 
prom was amazing! had so much fun   
sooo ready for school to be over   
making brownies on a cold rainy night   yumm
1547 words down   only 953 words to go  and my 2500 word essay will be finished! thank god     
school is almost done   yay!
"finished my freaking paper   11 pages, 2857 words, & 4 hours later  lol"
so you know your tired when you bump into something  say sorry and then realize it was a chair 
last day of high school  crazy how fast 4 years really do go by  
good day  senior breakfast  ringing of the bell  applebees  ping pong and rock band at <propfirst>'s  smile 
got internet on my laptop!!!  smile  oh yea i'm happy now  
don't you hate it when you are so tired  but can't sleep??
so tired   but i cant seem to fall asleep  way to many things on my mind 
cant decide which dress to wear for tomorrow night   
i'm officially graduated   crazy 
"laying in the daycare room floor  with blankies everywhere, watching beauty and the beast  smile   gotta love it"
got only like 4 hours of sleep   so tired 
"i figured out something i am going to start saving my money for   a new car, i already have the kind of car i want  "
there is actual sun outside!!
"good day at sunnyside, followed up with some cold stone ice cream   smile  yummy  "
watching saw 6 or w e by myself   i'm freaking scared lol 
house sitting for the weekend  making some money  smile  i'm excited 
"went to pride for a little bit   now alone house sitting, oh how bored i am   "
& the count down begins for europe   27 days left  smile  can not wait!!!
"1 yr of tip saving, birthday money, grad money, house sitting = 1,000$ of spending money for europe  smile  ohhh yeahh   "
clothes shopping for europe!!  smile 
a little tip to clothing stores; please start making shirts that have enough room for boobs bigger than maybe size a or b   thank's 
"upset that i have to miss 4th of july weekend w  my family   this really sucks, i'm irritated  no fireworks for me this year  sad "
wow   being home alone all weekend sucks ass 
off to see some fireworks with the best friend   smile   i'm excited 
"had a good night - bonfire, s'mores, fireworks    smile "
awkward moment   got hit on by a old creepy man at work 
"gonna hopefully get a couple tattoo artists to draw up my tattoo this week   i'm excited  smile  \all for my grandma <propfemale> "
getting ready for my date with <propmale>  smile  haha  taking him and <propfemale> to the movies and for some ice cream  
18 days till i leave fo europe!!  smile 
baskin robbins = crazzzyyyy busy thhis week
"like my status and i'll tell you what i like, dislike, first impression, and a confession about you"
"at home alone, bored    need something to do "
"need some help    where should i get my tattoo guys? \its gonna be of my grandma's locket w  her name underneath it  "
i reallllllly wanna go check out central soon   i'm thinking thats gonna be my future college that im gonna go to in fall 2011  smile 
blended white chocolate mocha w  yogurt from espresso for you = a good start to my day 
13 days !  smile 
i want the 26th to come faster!!
spent to much money on shopping   but found cute clothes   and <propfemale>'s birthday present  smile 
one more week!!! and i'm off for europe  smile   smile   smile   smile 
i feel like going into seattle to go shopping for some reason 
"zoo, and drive in movie yesterday was fun  smile  wanna do it again soon  "
so tired   didnt sleep much last night; heading to work  
"4 more days, and i'm out of the country  smile "
2 more days   getting kinda nervous  making a list of ppl im gonna buy little presents for  
dkdgvxsdvvnjt
2 days!!  smile 
"wrote a if you really knew me, but dont know if i should post it "
finished packing almost  
"i can't believe i'm leaving tomorrow   i could barely stay asleep this morning, probably wont sleep tonight  "
all little things are almost done   getting ready to leave in less than a hour    smile 
on my way to the airport   smile 
on the plane  taking off any moment   smile 
in london  coming home wednesday  sad  gonna miss europe 
finally home   11 hours later on airplanes   so much fun! can't wait to go back some day 
jet legged   not used to our time  right now its night time in europe  
annoyed that i have to spend the next 5 days alone at my house while my family goes camping  
payed for my classes! now all i need is to get my books and im set 
definatey getting my tattoo before i start school again in september  i want it done so i can show my grandma's locket off  smile 
home alone = sucks asssssss!!
"standing waiting and getting my oil changed in my car, got asked by a creepy guy if i was a hooker   what the fuck"
finally getting to go <propfemale> w  the girls at leavenworth today!! soooooo excited 
back home! now rest before i have to work
need to figure out where to go get my tattoo   any suggestions??
just registered for my west-b test for teaching!  smile  excited  
"will i become a eastern eagle   or a central wildcat??    idk where i'll end up, gotta go look at them, after september  smile "
"thinking about living in the dorms for one quarter, then getting a apartment when i go to college  "
just cleaned my room   feels nice to have a clean room for once haha
finally canceled my myspace haha  had pictures from like freshman yr on there still  
"just trust yourself, then you will know how to live"
gonna make my tattoo appointment soon   have exactly what i want & i dont want to wait that much longer to get it done 
"going to spokane for the weekend, checking out eastern  smile "
almost to spokane!!
"love eastern, campus is pretty  really nice school, very big possibility i will choose this school smile "
"leaving spokane tomorrow, & gonna go see central university  smile  can't wait   but eastern is gonna be hard to beat  "
central is gorgeous   i'm torn  sad 
"<propmale>'s first day of 7th grade, he's growing up so fast"
scrapbooking some of my europe trip  this is a time when i desperately need paig's help lol  
i need help  central or eastern    someone help me choose?!?
"i've decided what college im going to be applying for   its got everything i want, i just hope the school will accept me  "
almost a year later & i'm finally getting my shit back that got stolen out of my car   
why do guys think it is okay to comment on my boobs like they have a right?? i would really like to know the answer to that question   
"i saw you pass away  although i love you dearly, i couldnt make you stay  a <propfemale> heart stopped beating, hard working hands at rest  god broke my heart to prove to me, he only takes the best ? put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day   (grandma <propfemale>)"
"the fair time is starting again, always makes me think about grandma even more   i miss her so much "
happy birthday grandma
in desperate need for scholarships when i go to eastern next year   
going to california in october for a little bit!! excited  
letters to <propfemale> has to be one of the cutest movies i've seen in a long time     i love it 
working at the fair right now  & i really wanna go ride some rides    
in my last class of the day   already have hw for sociology class 
"eyes are so tired, can barely keep them open   "
said goodbye to <propfirst> today  im gonna miss him & all of our talks we had  sad 
i hate it when someone bumps into you and yet they look at you with a nasty ugly face like its your fault they ran into you   
"its wierd how you get over something that happened, and then someone from that time trys to apologize & even though its been 2 years, he thinks just a simple sorry will make it all better  "
wow   
making a white chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sauce   yummy  smile 
"watching baby <propmale> dance to the radio   made my day, he's sooooo cute  smile "
made 110$ today     oh yeahh  smile 
14!!!!
going to the mall today   i think 
"got cuuute shirts at forever 21, love that store "
"jacked from robynn \like my status & i'll tell you annoyed 1  something i've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds \2  the color you remind me of \3  my first memory of you \   4  the animal you remind me of       \5  ask something i've always wondered about you \6  my favorite thing about you \7  give you a weird nickname \8  what's on my shirt now "
its seriously extremely creepy at work right now 
this weekend going to eastern   next weekend going to california  smile   smile   smile 
there is a freaking deer running around my schools parking lot 
eastern washington today!!  smile 
"finally home! had a good time, got a eastern sweat outfit  smile "
haha the daycare kids said i looked like <propfirst> the little mermaid     they crack me up 
2 more days!!  smile  can't wait 
theres a stupid coyote that is howling causing me not to be able to sleep      
"play along: if you saw me in tha police car, what would you think i got arrested for ? post this as your status & see how many crimes u get accused of"
california today!!
in sacramento!!
california was awesome   he wants me to come down for spring break too  smile   smile   smile 
i hate being sick   my back hurts so bad i don't know what to do  sad  
someone come visit me at work   i'm dieing of boredom!
"so close to getting the car!! im excited, its perfect  smile "
"i am happy to announce, that i am going to get to retire the hoopty this weekend   mom just told me we'll probably get my car this weekend   so excited  smile   this car actually has a cd player in it "
5 more days  smile 
making a new cd for my new car   any idea's of some songs?
"finished the west b test, wasn't to bad   3 smile 0 picking up my car!!!! super excited"
"winter schedule annoyed \8-8:50 asl&121\\9-9:50 cmst&220 \\online astr100\\super excited for my sign language class   astronomy and speech  not so much"
"he might come home for thanksgiving, so excited  smile "
"wow its snowing like this, & there is a girl wearing a <propfirst> skirt  what a retard "
"drinking coffee and playing video games with the little brother, good start of the morning   smile "
"soooo bored, someone hit me up  feel like talkin to someone "
"getting to <propfemale> out with chip   excited, i missed him  smile "
wish the end of december would come quicker 
law & order svu marathon   oh yeahh  smile 
just had the best sushi ever   yummmm
writing my little essays for easterns application   its so hard to narrow it down to 100 words or less      
just finished my last exam of the quarter for soc101 
need a christmas present idea for a guy    i have no clue what to get him 
one more essay and my ewu application is all done! i hope i get in   
last day of sociology class   got a b+ in the class  smile 
done with my application!
"about to take my last final of the quarter, & it is going to be by far the hardest   "
"got a 83% on my chemistry final, got a 3 5 out of the class all together!"
someone come visit me at work    i'm so bored ): no one wants ice cream on a rainy night 
need my essays to be looked at for ewu's application before i can send it    
sent my ewu application!  smile 
so bored    feel like talkin to someone   
so my teacher told me i got a 3 5 in the class   i check my grades online & she gave me a 3 0 wtf??
had so much fun at the christmas party last night!  smile 
ewu finally recieved my transcripts   now the waiting game   
"viagra, pornography, & hoes    those are the topics the roeser family talks about on christmas day haha"
proud owner of a brand new <propfemale> and <propfemale> flower ring   i have the best dad in the world  smile 
"dear ewu   please send me a answer soon, this waiting game is getting difficult  thank-you "
love my christmas present from paig   gonna fill that book up w  all my favorite quotes  smile 
finally got a answer!! officially a eastern eagle  smile   smile   smile   smile 
i love paig horton 
"its bad when i pull up to my favorite coffee shop and they dont even open the window to ask what i want, they just hand me my usual   haha  smile "
i wanna study abroad sooooooo bad   
"studying, studying, and more studying is on the agenda for me today  "
got over half of my music101 test review down!
"i'm a aries now  wtf? im not like a aries at all, i'm definately a taurus "
"school ends at 12 then straight to work for me until 5   i'm so tired, i wanna nap & a coffee "
okayy i'd like to know who thought it was cute to fart in the class    not cool
5 yrs today   
at the dentists office    yay me  
"getting wisdom tooth taken out on monday,  i'm nervous "
not in a good mood 
on my way to seattle with <propfemale>!! excited  
hookah bar!
on way to dentist    yay
it took him like maybe 10 minutes to take my tooth out   & yes i took the tooth home with me haha
i dont feel very well
feeling sick   
new topic for informative speech: bullying 
"just got done with my speech about bullying    its awesome, if i do say so myself "
wish march 17th would come faster  
hate the fact that the class i need to get into the teaching program is only available at 12   ugghhhhh
"okay, here are 2 schedules im trying to decide between for next quarter   \asl122 8-8:50\phil&106 9-9:50\journ&210 10-10:50\or\phil&106 9-9:50\journ&210 10-10:50\soc&212 11-11:50"
got my first little box of <propfirst>'s chocolate from my little cousin  smile 
"come to baskin robbins, i'm bored!"
i had a dream about my future class when i'm a teacher   makes me even more excited about starting ewu smile 
"even though i cant be with my bf on valentines day, the daycare kids definately know how to put a smile on my face    their little valentines for me are so cute  smile "
found a little tattoo i am going to be getting hopefuly soon  smile   
"flaming dragon tattoo is where im gonna go to get my tattoo done, anyone been there before?"
im going into the tattoo shop tomorrow to set up a appointment  i need someone to come with me lol  
"stupid dentist appointment, ruined my plans to go to the tattoo shop "
at aztecas smile 
"for some reason, some of my contacts have been deleted  text me your number "
had a terrible work night   thank god i dont have school tomorrow 
3 more weeks till cali!
new outfit for my old navy meeting today   wish me luck  smile 
"my phone is so stupid, its texting the wrong people and keeps changing the date by its self  "
can't sleep  
no school!
no school tomorrow again  im excited    smile 
"elementary school teacher, or social worker   "
"west- b math test from 8 smile 0-10 smile 0 tomorrow, work 10:45-5 surprise 0, then off to dog sit for the rest of the night   busy busy saturday!"
"i do not want to go to the deaf event alone, im gonna be nervous "
wants california to come faster  2 1 2 weeks left 
birthday dinner for my mom! yummm <propmale>'s  smile 
california come faster please 
i love paig!
can't sleep  
finished my final speech for public speaking  smile 
practiced my speech for tomorrow   exactly 4 minutes long!! ohhhh yeahh
i love falling asleep to the sound of rain outside   
5 more days till i leave to go see him  smile  so excited   
2 more days   
"leaving tomorrow!! so excited, i miss him smile "
girls wear panties   boys wear underwear  oh the funny things daycare kids say 
at airport!  smile 
finally landed   
running errands with the boyfriend   sooo rainy in sacramento right now 
i officially passed all of my west-b test!!
just got back from dinner with the boyfriend smile 
is it bad that i'm tearing up sitting in the airport getting ready to leave? i'm going to miss him so much   
i want everyone to know   never fly alaska airlines   i have now been sitting in the airport waiting for my flight for close to 5 hrs 
woke up today half thinking that i was gonna still be with my boyfriend lol   cant wait till may when he  comes down for my birthday  smile 
