d03a8ca6dec536b1a7d8b327576909a4
i just slipped on some stairs and landed flat on my back with the edge of  stair poking right into it   ouch!
just put up his awesome new chiming clock i won from the titans 
sleepy time   good night!
>grumble<
<propmale> and <propfemale> have a baby!  woo hoo!
is sitting home on saturday night watching price is right bloopers on youtube   i suck 
"hamlet had his first confrontation with doggies yesterday   three of them, to be exact, and quite large too "
anybody know of any good employers currently hiring?
has resorted to putting bed sheets in the freezer to deal with this impossible heat 
likes himself too much to subject himself to the new transformers film 
vacation in t-minus-one day!
happy pride!  see you at the park!
"is sad he's missing the pride parade, but excited to be going tubing!"
time to go biking around lake calhoun 
franken!  it's a bout f'n time 
is a bit appalled that <propfirst> <propmale> news trumps <propmale> franken news on the cable networks 
"had delicious home made feasts over at casa tucker-beauvais yesterday   i tried my hand at making jambalaya and crab cakes, and both turned out awesome!"
egads!  morning birds just woke up   is it 5 am already?
lunchtime!  i'm on the hunt for cheap sushi 
"i think that if you \friend\"" someone on fb you should at least acknowledge them when you see them in public """
is looking forward to the return of softball this weekend   is the rest of the team???
3 am and can't sleep   stir crazy and a bit lonely   boo hoo me 
woke up with a <propfirst> horse    sad 
i hit my first grand slam ever in today's game!
one more day and their reign of terror will end!
had a really bad day at work today   mikey needs a hug    sad 
tgif
do i really have to be up and alert in 5 5 hours to play softball???
saw a rainbow today!
"yet another bad day at work capping off a bad week, continuing a bad month   you'd think the laws of averages would allow things to go my way  at least some of the time "
headaches won't go away 
"question:  if you're sure you're going to get fired from a job you've been at for 6 and a half years, within say the next month or so, is it better to let it happen and collect unemployment, or quite beforehand and have a better resume but no income?"
watching across the universe 
"you're either in, or you're out "
got the ache in my bones   storms a'comin 
found a special item 
"after a day of softball and bowling, my legs are jelly "
is thinking kinh do 
lets dance! let's shout! shake your body down to the ground!
"i'm cooking for the pr party tonight   on the menu is triple pasta: orzo with spinach and pine nuts, mozzarella and ricotta with spinach in jumbo shell pasta, and a baked ground beef ziti "
"in the battle for dinner, tonight mediocrity wins "
"hates dating   wish i could skip the dating stage entirely and go straight to the \living with\"" stage """
another bad day at work   can't wait for a four day weekend 
"believes no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
back from a long day at the renaissance festival   day two of a four day weekend has been conquered   go me!
making brownies 
think i'm coming down with something    h1n1?
september 11   where were you 8 years ago today?
"another day, another   wait, it's the weekend   make that \another dollar spent \"""""
blargh 
can't shake this nagging cold   today's a stay in and rest day 
dropped a fan on his toe and now thinks it's broke    sad 
"the lovers, the dreamers, and me "
my little sister got married yesterday!  congradulations <propfemale>!
"top chef tonight!  i love how the host padma gets so pissed off at the chefs who do bad   it' like she's personally offended by them   \this putrecence you call food isn't fit to be fed to maggots   it makes compost appetizing   now please pack your knives and go \"""""
"if i've never met you in real life, chances are i'm not gonna \friend\"" you here   sorry """
gaylaxicon is next weekend!  who's going?
great time at gaylaxicon!  i'm wondering about montreal next year    
"all right, who got me sick over the weekend?"
<propfirst>'s wondering what's taking so long 
i'm bored   what is there to do that doesn't involve money?
i want to go to new york   or chicago   or san <propfemale> 
gorged on sushi and sat around a bonfire with good friends   it was a great night 
is thinking of going to omegacon   who's with me?
waking up at 4 smile 0am w floo = suck 
flu and sore throat has got my voice sounding like dr  girlfriend 
is off in search of medication 
three and a half hours at er and the doctor says no h1n1 but doesn't want me around healthy people for another week   that means i have to quarantine myself at home    ugh!  boring!
being sick for half a week now is good prep for a zombie halloween costume 
"is getting stir crazy sitting around at home   on the other hand, the cats are loving the extra attention "
just posted a new blog at readcomics org   check it out!
is tired of waking up to a hacking cough 
vacation starts     now!
staycations can be boring when everyone else has to work--guess it's time to work on my halloween costume 
i'm off to wander the earth 
getting comics!!!
watching true blood season 2   this show rocks!
sinus pressure = suck 
happy halloween!
"partying until 3 smile 0 in the morning with the best friends in the world   another halloween conquered, i'd say "
survived the first day back from work in almost two weeks   but just barely 
v is for voting!
<propfemale> + new jersey   wtf???
"within 20 years, gay marriage will be legal across the country and everyone will wonder what all the fuss was about "
"when did being a liberal become a bad thing?  liberals ended slavery   liberals gave african americans and women the right to vote   liberals ended segregation  liberals created social security, medicare, the civil rights act, the clean air act and the endangered species act   in all of these instances conservative thinking stood in the way of progress   i'm proud to be a liberal "
"remember, remember the fifth of november, the gunpowder, treason, and plot "
is feeling lonely tonight    sad 
"kill <propmale> is on tv   they have no problem showing people getting stabbed, shot, punched, gouged, mutilated, and killed, but they feel the need to edit \pussy wagon\"" into \""party wagon \""  how fucked up is our country anyway?"""
"getting my hair cut today a youngish stylist said, \i want to live wild   when you act mature you're dead \""  words to live by """
"where did the weekend go, and why did it take all my money with it?"
my spoon is too big!
thinks the second episode of v was better than the first 
my cats think a balloon is less menacing after it's popped 
is proud of his staff at work today!
is anxious for the weekend 
"the laws of averages would suggest that some things will go in my favor at least some of the time, right?"
"and now, angry ticks fired out of my nipples!"
needs some cheering up 
"cranky at work today, and not looking forward to the drive up to mahtomedi   i need to get out of this funk i'm in "
edy's ice cream + west wing dvds = the perfect late night comfort combo 
bought a pomegranate today   now i just need to figure out how to eat it 
looks like i'm spending thanksgiving alone this year   anyone else going to be around?
"what to do, what to do   "
saloon was too busy and gladius was too slow   where was baby bear's bar tonight?
$#%@&*!
"<propfirst>'s anticipation and excitement at having a relaxing, short work week were blown to smithereens with the irrational complaints of a bridezilla customer   yet <propfirst> stands resolved to not let her threats and argumetns ruin what could be a great week "
"tie me kangaroo down, sport!"
"just saw the fantastic mr  fox   if you liked any of <propmale> <propmale>'s films, you'll love this   he manages to maintain his trademark storytelling style while playing with animation   awesome film!"
$%^&#@$%$#@#$@#$@%^#$#@@@!!!!!  work sucks 
december's weekends are already filling up   le sigh   
my cat <propmale> is whining for me to play fetch with him   too cute 
is disappointed in the new york senate today 
i can't get strut by <propfemale> easton out of my head 
"well, it's official   in exaclty three weeks i will join the ranks of the unemployed "
somebody left a baby!  ignore me!!!!
"i finally started xmas shopping this weekend   thank you, mega-source sale!"
job interview tomorrow!
is about to jump down the rabbit hole and watch his first episode of <propfemale> the vampire slayer   wish me luck!
"i have a second interview scheduled on my birthday   if i it goes bad, i blame fate "
"hey, the roads suck today!  if you have to drive, please be careful!  if you don't, then stay in and drink hot cocoa "
freeeeeeedom!
"facebook hackers seem to be on the rise   i just got a chat request from someone who didn't appear to be on line,  with a link to a site that firefox warned was \web forgery\"" and has known issues with trying to get personal information   it's a dangerous internet   be careful out there!"""
happy day off with pay everyone!
pissed off a lizard by giving it what it needs 
one of my kitties is uncharacteristically spooked   i think there's a ghost in the house 
"thanks for all the birthday wishes, everyone!  the interview went great, hopefully i got the job!"
"it frightens me that <propmale> cheney and <propfirst> rumsfeld believe that they get to decide who has rights and who doesn't   as if they're singularly qualified to make that decision   no single person is qualified to make that decision   that's why we have a court system and something we call \due process \"""""
just paid all my bills   why do i feel like i got screwed with my pants on?
just picked up a fresh loaf of pumpkin bread from breadsmith   free with coupon 
"i didn't get to party or <propfemale> out with anyone or get drunk, but i picked up a shift at the restaurant and made some sweet $$$   sending out the old year with a bang, i'd say   happy new years everyone   be safe!"
remember when all the original <propfemale> wars films were in the top ten highest grossing films of all time?  now empire strikes back is way down around #37 on the list 
"can't decide between the japanese yakuza or the russian mafia   either way, tatoos are in my future "
need  a  job 
how is it 2am already?
"fellow liberals take note - instead of being pissed at massachusettes voters, we should instead be looking at why they voted the way they did and start making changes now, or we're in for a rude surpise this november!"
i could get used to this unemployed thing if i could make some money doing it 
hath murdered sleep 
are the vikings playing today?  i forget 
"is rewatching battlestar galactica, season 1   i remembered how good it was, but it's nice to be reminded every so often "
"bladed 4 <propmale> tonight   not as much as it sounds, but not bad for a first timer!"
rip <propfemale> rubenstein 
working on visual trivia   where'd the time go?
two very enthusiastic thumbs up for the first episode of the last season of lost 
tip of the day   don't go to job interviews feeling defiant towards the rest of the world 
is trying to deny that he's coming down with a cold and muster up the energy to go rollerblading   must   motivate   self    
i cleaned batman 
unemployment has been enlightening   apparently i'm not qualified for jobs i spent the last 12 years supevising   perhaps my bosses were right after all 
they're troying to tyke moy bye-bye!
the time has come   to lip-sync for your life!
trivia in 24 hours and counting!
10 smile 9 am and it's dance party time on uranus 
"woke up to the worst head cold ever   dizzy, puffy eyes, stuffed nose     ugh   glad now i didn't make the trek to st  cloud last night "
go apollo go!
i refuse to become a fan of zardoz 
"applied for another dozen jobs today   based on my previous track record, only one will reply - and that's not in any way a certainty "
hired!  (sorta)
the highlander tv series just started playing on the syfy channel   oh my   how this show has aged 
"all in all, a pretty good weekend "
ack   thpth 
"so much attention is being put on how \unhealthy\"" obama is   they're right   we should have gone with the 73 year old """
why am i in the most social moods on everyone else's work nights?
someone e playful lain to me why minneapolis still has winter parking restrictions in effect 
"waking up at 3 smile 0 pm, thinking it's monday when it's saturday    welcome to the non-alcoholic hangover "
"just saw the hurt locker   good film, but i'm not sure it or avatar should win best picture tonight   based on the films i've seen, i'd give it to inglorious basterds "
"if i said that mr  worf's head looked like a <propfemale>, would you joing me in a laugh?"
back to the grind starting tomorrow!
"i forgot what it's like to wake up so early!  work, here i come!"
"i have facebook access again!  yay!  my account was hacked  a week ago   if anyone in my freind list was hit up for money, i'm here to say that i was never in london and wasn't mugged   sorry about that!"
"today's kinda been a lousy day, and i have a 4 surprise 0 interview   not a good sign "
dear facebook:  your youtube linking system is fubared   please fix   thank you 
today's a day of surprises 
had an awesome softball practice today!  can't wait for the season to start!
<propmale> <propfirst>???  no way!    wink 
<propfemale> paquin is bisexual?  sweet!  she goes for both humans and vamps!   playful 
there's poop on the floor 
only i can buy $60 worth of groceries and still not be able to find anything to eat 
i hearby vow that i will take a vacation in 2011 and actually go somewhere!
just completed the census 
cooked my first easter ham   was delicious 
just couldn't make it to 5pm today   had a baaaaad case of the mondays 
making cupcakes   i have one less egg than the recipe calls for   how will they turn out?  stay tuned!
yay <propfirst> and nicey!
j'ai mal a la tete
"wow, <propfemale>'s 'vogue' is 20 years old???  who allowed time to pass this much?"
<propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> is not the next <propfemale> boyle 
i've run out of internet 
"how come i always have to get the sake? you listen well    for thirty  years, you make the fish, i get the sake  if this were the military, i'd  be general by now!"
"for the first time in 5 years, i missed mondo   i has a sad "
i <propfirst> you a pretty picture 
thinks a bike ride is in order today 
"just got back from my ride   from my place down the greenway to the mississippi, then over to uofm campus, debated visiting <propfirst> & <propfemale>, then back   now it's sushi time   i'd say this day off was conquered "
i caught you a delicious bass 
"so, <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce,  and <propfemale> <propfirst> is possibly getting married for a 9th time  <propfirst>  <propfirst> and tiger woods are, well    you know    even newt gingrich is on  his 3rd marriage  yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to  destroy the institution of marriage? really?!? feel free to copy and  paste if you agree!"
needs a change 
we went 1-1 on our opening day softball games today   we won our second game 23-3!
"late naps are dangerous!  went to sleep at 6pm, it's now almost 10 and i'm awake when i should be getting ready for bed!"
thinks that e playful ectant mothers should be happy they don't live in oklahoma 
worked 15 hours today   tired   sleep 
free comic book day was a fail    sad 
crushed oreo cookies with ice cream    
"cut from work yet again tonight   thanks, crappy weather   i'm sure all my bills will completely understand why i can't pay them "
"after a tough day at the ball fields, we tore it up at the fund raiser!  thanks to everyone who came out, and thank you saloon!  go hot rods!"
stiff legs and back today 
"miss <propfemale> speaks out of turn   she's a bad example, and will have no cakes today   shhh "
time's moving in reverse   i think we reentered march rather than may 
tired but not sleepy 
haircut!!!
"no   i'm sorry, no   no     just, no "
"please copy and paste this to your status if\ you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a smack \upside the head  lets raise awareness "
early morning bike ride to the softball fields   i hope my fellow hot rods are good early birds like me 
"after biking and an extremely close game against at tough team, i'm beat!"
ok right knee   this constant popping and discomfort has got to stop   it's unacceptable   we clear?
tea partiers scare me 
"god help me, but the new a-team movie looks good "
i think i know how lost ends 
two softball games followed by work at 6pm   it's gonna be exhausting 
lost finale    incredible!!!! loved it!
eye <propfemale> at calhoun is magnifique 
work in t-minus 3 hours and counting 
"after 24 hours, 40% of the popsicles still haven't frozen "
i now know how straight people feel when they find out someone they know is gay 
two nights of insomnia in a row   wtf???
"whatchyoo talking about, <propmale>?"
weekend of softball + working late nights = one exhausted fischy 
day off!
"why is it that religious people get more upset about things they see on tv (mocking religion, gays on tv shows) than they do about real live atrocities (tibet, darfour, etc)?"
"good bye, <propfemale>   here's hoping you passed with a man in your bed "
may lose his bet tht the <propfemale> girls outlive the beatles 
what a great bachelor party for nate hessberg   it was a blast!
"had his first juicy <propfemale> today, and was underwhelmed "
i told myself not to take that nap   
pouring rain and hungry kitties woke me up prematurely   to stay up or go back to bed   that is the question   
yay!  day off today!  better to stay home and make no money rather than go to work and make no money 
kitchen sink problems are now on it's second plumber   it was too much for the first one 
i has a sad    sad 
blah 
i is tired 
good night at work tonight    smile   we'll see how tomorrow's double shift goes 
another great day at work! time to bike home!
i have cuddly kitties 
had a great time at camp with <propfirst> and <propmale>!  but is it really 4 am????  wtf!!!
"\you can't talk was is who less than more \"""""
sometimes i feel dumber than a sack of rocks 
"concerning the criticism obama's reaction to the bp oil spill: definitely not perfect, but imagine what it would have been if bush had still been in office   bp would have been untouchable "
"grrrrr!  another une playful ected day off from work   and on a beautiful day, too!  (i know this sounds contradictory, but it's not )"
just hit my first 100% - and 5 gold stars - playing e playful ert on rock band 2!!!
driving home from work with a foreign particle in my left eye the whole way   <propmale> suck 
"hey, guess what? nobody cares who would win\ in a crazy fantasy fist-fight between <propfemale> <propfirst> and <propfemale> borden "
i'm filthy 
awesome day at the fields!  went 2-0!  nothing feels better than pitching a winning game   thanks team!
day off today to recover from a fun but physically taxing weekend 
had a great lunch today at nami with <propfirst> and <propfemale>!  <propmale> like!
thinks it's cool that so many of his straight friends are attending pride festivities this weekend 
can't wait for a day off tomorrow and a hopefully fun pride!  who's gonna be there?
off to pride! i'm glad i live close enough to bike 
"my quest for sushi was diverted by internet technical issues   now resolved, it may be     too late "
breakfast followed by parade 
holy sunburn batman!
"i get two days off in a row!  after all the fun i had this weekend, i need the recovery time!"
why is it i can't seem to go two hours without falling asleep?  i've de-evolved to infant sleeping habits 
swan dive!  into the best night of your life!
"goodbye cable, hello netflix!"
day of overhauling and cleaning the bike with <propfirst> was a complete success 
"missed con tonight\due to having worked outside in 90 degree weather, not getting enough\sleep, eating very little in the last 24 hours, and not drinking enough water  my head is dizzy "
boom boom 
two days off start now!  i need to have some fun 
what a f***ing sh**ty day!!!!!!!!!  > sad 
"my back, legs, feet, and knees are achey-breaky after a 14 hour shift at work   in fact, it's harder to find parts of my body that don't hurt "
great day at the ball park--two wins!  it was worth skinning up my leg for!
"damn comcast   i swear they're screwing with my internet just cuz i downgraded my cable service   now they want to charge me $40 to come see if \it's their problem \"""""
i fixed the internet!
i'm too young to be this old 
"laundry has been conquered   dishes:  say your prayers, you're next "
just got done uploading a bunch of photos 
"leg is super sore after work, having banged things into the wounded part about a dozen times "
out at the stands tonight!
"had fun at out in the stands   twins win!  i just wish my leg wasn't throbbing so much after dancing at the saloon   thanks to <propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, <propmale>, and <propfirst> (and the others i just met tonight) for making it such a fun night!"
is hoping the rain didn't ruin the fields for softball tomorrow!
"all in all, it was a good weekend "
hmmm   ghosts or intruders????  wish i knew 
cool netflix nite - first watched contact (with <propfemale> <propmale>) and then an episode of the <propfemale> silverman program 
day off today!  what to do?
"biked 12 <propmale> today, along the greenway, down the mississippi, and back through downtown   great day!"
"saw inception today, and was thinking about other dream-based movies   came up with waking life, nightmare on elm street, and the cell   anyone know of any others?"
flugtag was awesome!  saw the world record get broken!
home again after a fun day tubing on the cannon river   perfect summer day for it!
bike training for the aids trek starts tomorrow!
"put in 2 hours on the bike today, total of about 26 <propmale>   not a bad start for getting ready the aids trek "
"just found out that my mother has ovarian cancer, and is going in for surgery this friday   pretty shocked right now "
debating on trying to get a bike ride in before the storms hit 
i want pizza 
"actor maury chaykin died today, on his 61st birthday   if you haven't seen his work in the show nero wolfe, you're missing out "
put in 24 <propmale> or so on the bike today   thanks for joining me <propfirst>!
"the minnesota aids trek is looking for riders, crew and volunteers for the 2010 ride in august   if anyone is interested in helping out in any way, contact <propfirst> ede    i'd love to have more people to ride with!"
visited my mom in the hospital post surgery   she's doing fine and i'm sure she'll be a handful and the doctors will be kicking her out the door in no time   unfortunately she has some chemo to look forward to but it doesn't sound too bad at this point 
<propmale> muscle pull (tear? who knows) in my right calf during softball today - can barely walk   lots of pain   worse is that i'm still e playful ected to work tonight   
off to work   this should be interesting   
exquisite dead guy   rotating in his display case   exquisite dead guy   i swear i saw his mouth move 
any suggestions advice about where to go for someone (like me) who would like to get their leg looked at after a really bad muscle pull but doesn't have insurance?
time for bed????
stupid leg   muscle strain is keeping me from training for the aids trek!
tough day at work - both stressful and painful   could use a hug   and a massage 
tonight at work was a huge improvement over last night!  thanks to everyone who sent hugs yesterday!
just got back from doctor's    he's afraid it may be an achille's tendon tear   or else a muscle tear in my calf   have to go to othopedic's on monday for closer examination 
"i am now off to attempt grocery shopping on crutches   because of all of this week's mishaps, i had to top it off by running out of tp   ever feel like life just likes to spit on you?"
is disappointed 
"another day, another dollar lost   "
have an 8 am orthopedic appointment to determine the extent of damage to my leg   hoping for some good news for a change    
"back from doctor's   mostly good news   torn calf muscle, not the achille's tendon   just needs time and rest   could take 4-6 weeks to be able to walk without a limp, and might need some physical therapy   apparently 3 months before i'm able to do any athletic activity, but i think i can prove them wrong there "
dear upstairs neighbors   your dog has been barking non stop for two hours now   please take care of   thank you 
scrumtulescent!
such a perfect day out   wish i could go for a bike ride   
sea kittens!
just found out that my 20 year (yikes) high school reunion was last weekend   why did nobody tell me this?  would i have gone if i had known?  probably not 
"just saw two very different versions of people acting blind in the same intersection   one was a younger man with a large blindfold and a long stick, simulating being blind while assisted by an older gentleman   right after seeing that i saw a younger mom, reading a newspaper, step blindly into the intersection just as the light was changing against her   she had a child around 4 years old in tow "
"to those opposed to the so-called world trade center mosque, i offer the following counter points:"
"the leg is feeling much better lately, and i think it's about time to hop on the bike again   (the aids trek would have been tomorrow )"
can't sleep   only had two hours of sleep so far!  arrrgh!
date night!
reevaluating     
beat it flaps!
good day today 
"i had a great day today, which ended with a really good day at work   what is this weird thing i'm feeling?"
i've now have 200 facebook friends!  congratulations <propfemale> fabbrini   you helped me reach a milestone!
making pina coladas 
feeling lonely   the bottle of wine i drank doesn't help   
"sea kittens win!!!!!  oh yeah, there was something about the twins too "
work schedule drastically reduced this week   money anxiety setting in 
sea kittens tie 23-23!!!  not the prettiest games ever but better than a loss!  now it's time to settle in with the best baseball movie ever - bull durham!
quite the weepfest on project runway last night!  i must confess my <propfemale> little heart grew three sizes that day 
going to renaissance festival today!
i'm wearing slippers!
i had 202 facebook friends last week   now i have 201   someone de-friended me!  the nerve!
is three-and-a-half hours enough time to squeeze in a nap before the softball game?
"is gay and there are 4 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9lyiax "
"is gay and there are 3 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian, gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9lyiax "
"is gay and there are 2 days until national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus dc recognize that love, not gender, is what matters in a marriage  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  bit ly 9lyiax "
off to work!
bored now 
wish i could get a regular sleep pattern going again 
a customer at work today said i looked like <propfirst> ruffalo   i can't get away from the bitch   he owes me money for all this publicity i'm giving him 
just finished <propfemale> season 3   good stuff   good riddance angel 
listening to fleetwood <propmale> while hunting for jobs 
"<propfemale> o'donnell doesn't know the constitution    sarah palin endorses someone on twitter and names the wrong state   i suppose when your entire platform consists of opposing anything the democrats stand for, you don't actually have to do any work or research "
"wish i could wear purple to work, but we have uniforms   guess i'll see if i can find some purple underthings "
thinks he saw a chupacabra 
"on the internet, no one can hear your sarcasm "
late night at work + far too little sleep + early morning softball game + cowboy costume = grouchy fischy 
"even when exhausted i can't get a full night's sleep!  seriously, i only got about 3 hours of sleep last night, had a full and active day, no nap, fell asleep at 10 pm to wake up at 2 am!  now i can't get back to sleep! what is wrong with me?"
getting ready to hit the soap factory haunted house tonight by watching paranormal activity on netflix 
"no work for me this halloween weekend   if i can't make money, i can make sure it's the funnest weekend i've ever had "
"and i am into costumed business, not costumed play "
candyman   candyman   candyman   candyman   candymaaaaaaaack!  splat! choke!  gurgle!!!!!! eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww      
"is getting more and more upset the closer we get to election day and hearing reading about tea party spin   using fear tactics like \democratic voter fraud\"" to justify harassing people at the polls   claiming that wearing tea party shirts and buttons don't constitute campaigning at the polls and thus slam \""liberal election officials\"" of suppressing freedom of speech  let's vote to keep those whack jobs out of office!"""
"regardless of your political affiliation, please make sure to vote!!!  don't complain if you don't participate!"
"step into the light, <propfirst> <propfemale>!"
please don't let emmer get within  5% of dayton - i can't take another recount 
can we get a vote on making minnesota a part of canada?  i'm tired of us crazy 
"amidst a rather stressful day, i just had one rather exciting thing happen "
interview in less than an hour   nerves are setting in 
"plans canceled, so i think some rock band is in order tonight "
just saw paranormal activity 2   seriously creepy stuff 
"got called off of work and made little money so i celebrated by getting cheap pizza, watching <propfemale> trek, and organizing the storage unit "
anyone have glee season 1 on dvd?  i need to borrow disk 3 
hungry 
the kitties are high energy and playful today 
"so for the last two months i've been working only 2 nights a week on average, and the lack of money has really caught up with me   i'll likely be saying goodbye to my car next week-to paraphrase the song, \they're coming to take it away \"""""
all cats abandon ship!  all cats abandon ship!!
saw burlesque last night    terrible 
"pandora radio just credited \could it be forever\"" by the partridge family to rapper gemini   lol   i was confused for a moment!"""
wants caffeine   is it weird for me to walk to rainbow at 3 in the morning to go get some soda?
rip <propfirst> neilsen
interview #2 scheduled for tomorrow at 10am   this is a job that i desperately want and can be a great opportunity   wish me luck!
"just started watching brothers and sisters on netflix   laugh if you want, but i was hooked in five minutes   love it "
do i walk to the store in 15 degree weather just to get the one egg i need to make cookies?
"great news!  i got the job!  i am now employed by the minnesota historical society!  i am a site supervisor project coordinator at the mn history center in downtown st  <propfirst>   (pending a successful background check, that is ) i am sooooooooo excited!"
i have changed my profile pic into a black square   assume what you will about what i stand for in regards to the war in iraq afghanistan drug abuse child abuse breast cancer gay rights influential politicians or what not   join me if you want to be as ambiguous as possible   the goal is to see only black squares on facebook 
"is anyone having issues with google lately?  often when i click from a google search it takes me to a site advertising what i was searching for, but not the actual site i clicked on   i then have to do the google search again to get to the <propfemale> i was looking for   is it just me and an issue on my computer, or is it widespread?"
"still a week out from starting my new job, and today they sent me the employee handbook and sought my opinion on the layout of my new office   i heart them already!"
tried reading the wikipedia articles on tessaracts and the fourth dimension and it's quite possible that my head e playful loded 
"does president obama really think that if democrats pass the tax <propmale> that republicans want them to, they'll really stop all the gridlock and fillibusters?"
your tauntaun will freeze before it reaches the first marker 
snow storms should not be schduled for the weekend   i'm going stir crazy 
i feel a meltdown of <propfemale> field proportions coming on 
hey minneapolis drivers:  there's a new snow emergency starting monday night @ 9 surprise 0pm! don't let them tow your cars!
"i'm having a diva day, listening to big songs from glee, <propfirst> <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfemale>, etc   "
is this tuesday?  this seems like a day stuck in limbo 
big day today!  i start at the minnesota history center!
amazing first day of work!  overwhelming though!  i had a huge tour of the place including a lot of behind-the-scenes exhibit stuff   it's great to be at a place where everyone seems to get along and enjoy themselves 
my cat doesn't like the fact that i have to work again   he tried to stop me this morning by jumping on my back and lying down while i was putting on my shoes 
goodbye dadt!  don't let the door hit your oppressive ass on the way out!
there are days i really wish i had a dog   
i luv my job 
bada boom 
"i hear they're making a sequel to manos: the hands of fate   it's to be called manos: the search for valley lodge   as long as they have the \haunting torgo theme\"" music i'm there """
"in honor of <propfirst>'s big block of cheese day, i bought a big chunk of brie, on sale at lunds for $9 99 "
"wow   i'm overwhelmed with all the birthday wishes!  thank you very much, everyone!!!  it really means a lot!!!!   laugh "
i'm the man! i'm the man!  i'm bad - i'm so bad i should be in detention   i'm the man!!!
can't believe it's only 7pm   feels like 10   some video games may be in order 
went home from work sick today    sad 
sick at home today   this cough and sore throat is more powerful than ricola cough drops   where's my health care???
had a good saturday   wondering if i can top it on sunday 
i hope the honeymoon stage with the new job never goes away 
netflix finally delivered modern family on dvd   this calls for a two woot salute 
up waaaay too early for a saturday morning 
i'm an uncle again!  i get to meet my new nephew today!
"warning!!! as of tomorrow, facebook will creep into your bathroom when you're in the shower, fondle your butt, and pinch you in uncomfortable places  to change this option, go to privacy settings> personal settings> bathroomsettings > fondling & pinching settings, and uncheck the shenanigans box  facebook kept this one quiet  copy & paste on your status to alert the unaware  unless you like this sort of thing "
wishes more people would follow through or at least communicate 
at what extent of tiredness can you be before you're legally asleep?
tv land feels a little more dangerous without <propfirst> olbermann to hold our hand 
"i would love for facebook to put out an app that lets me hide any posts pertaining to the packers, bears, the super bowl, or football in general "
just bought a bike pump and computer   i wonder if i can <propmale> out the spedometer's <propmale> value of 185mph   now if only spring would come   
meant to go to bed two hours ago 
molotov cocktease   you bitch 
"i've identified two people, both former school friends, who have \defriended\"" me in facebook   i wonder what i did to offend them """
the weekend just started and i can feel it ticking away already 
just learned i can view facebook in english (pirate)   too funny 
"i want you to comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right: lie!!! just make stuff up  after you comment, i hope you'll copy this to your status so i can do the same  i normally don't do these chain things, but this one is kind of fun  bring it on, people! i'm e playful ecting my creative friends to show me that creativity    "
starting work too early!  a twelve hour day!  it's a good thing i love my job   at least i get to take a half day tomorrow 
fingerpoke of doom!
6 smile 0?  6 smile 0???  i've never been up at 6 smile 0!  what happens?
i hearby declare thursday to be this week's friday 
trivia weekend has arrived!  countdown to blastoff to uranus!
uranus   2 for 2!
swept the last hour!  woo hoo!
apparently i slept through the audio speed round of hell 
"oh, was it supposed to be some sort of holiday today?"
tonight i'm all about the taco 
"saw the town tonight   all right, a little slow   but well written and directed "
"mammal, mammal! their names are called, they raise a paw: the bat, the cat  dolphin and dog, koala bear and hog!"
considering going skiing on monday   
snow storm?  no problem!  didn't stop me from having a blast over at <propfirst> guhlin's and <propfirst> nicholson's!
it's a trap!
i'm at the point of drunkenness that it stops being fun and just becomes inconvenient   i think chef boyardee dinners are made for these kind of moments 
wow   trent reznor has an <propfirst> 
"so the <propmale>'s speech won best picture   eh, it was all right   a very well made, well acted, well written, and well directed movie  but it felt to me like a perfectly reproduced mozart or <propfirst> gogh   all the right pieces in place done the way it's supposed to, but without any real connection to the work   i'd rather it had gone to black swan or the social network "
<propfirst> franco needs to get over himself 
"i'm your only friend  i'm not your only friend but i'm a little glowing friend   but really, i'm not actually your friend, but i am "
"when i went to st  cloud for the trivia after party, and i got my t-shirt, i asked for a large   i got a 2xl   i do believe i've been insulted "
"i hate to say it, but it's time for the wisconsin democrats to return to <propfemale>   they've made their point and done all they could   they'll be able to repair the damage done when idiot <propmale> and his idiot friends are voted out "
kittehs need to come with warning labels saying that cuddling may lead to sudden and une playful ected naps 
"hey wisconsin!  as a former resident, luvyameanit, but holy cow can you pick them   and this is coming from someone in a state that claims <propfemale> bachmann as a representative   see, this is what happens when you vote without thinking! but it's not too late to correct your mistakes   get those republican stooges recalled asap!!!"
"\go to your profile  the first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\""\",d03a8ca6dec536b1a7d8b327576909a4,"i guess the issue wasn't the budget after all, it was about busting the union, when they couldn't do it under the guise of a tool to balance the budget they just straight out rammed it through  so to get it passed, they had to change how it is categorized and admit it wasn't financial after all  this was never about the budget "
i didn't steal the bitch's dye  that's fo' sho'!
can a us politician be fiscally conservative yet socially liberal?  can you support gay marriage yet be against unions?  why is it paradoxical to be anti-war and yet be pro-life?  when did politics become an all-or-nothing package deal?
"overheard on the bus today someone on the phone trying to e playful lain what a walkman is   she said it's like an mp3 player   \but kind of like vhs \""  times have changed """
hope this sore throat that just popped up a few hours ago doesn't mean what i think it means   that sneeze a few minutes ago isn't making me any more confident   
uuuuugh
strep throat!!  boos!
i'm hungry but my throat's too painful to swallow   it's the most vicious diet plan ever 
back to work   
"its supposed to hit 51 today, but the thermometer's been hovering at 37 for the last few hours   weatherman fail again "
i have 999+ unread messages in my hotmail inbox 
"yo mama's so fat, <propmale> kenobi said, 'that's no <propfemale>    that's your mama!'"
rip <propfemale> <propfirst>   you were quite the dame 
it's official:  florida rev  <propfirst> jones is the biggest fucktard in the us 
beautiful day today!  biked 11 <propmale> and hit the batting cages!  score!
"please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the damn face  people who need a punch in the damn face affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the damn face, except a punch in the damn face  93% of people won't re-post this  why?     because they probably need a punch in the damn face "
getting my certification in first aid cpr aed tomorrow   i hope i never have to use it 
i've decided that i'm going to take after all my friends' babies and throw tantrums when it's time for bed   unfortunately i live alone and there will be no one to e playful erience the epicness 
american idol was crazy tonite!
"so yeah, i had a bit of an accident today   car hit me while i was on my bike   remember to wear your helmets kiddies!"
"about to go talk to the lawyers   headaches, i'm sure, to follow    smile "
lol moment of the day - i open my mailbox to find no less than  5 letters from ambulance chasers offering their legal services 
"remember when teachers, public employees, planned parenthood, npr and pbs crashed the stock market, wiped out half of our 401ks, took trillions in tarp money, spilled oil in the gulf of mexico, gave themselves billions in bonuses, and paid no taxes? yeah, me neither \\re-posted from friends "
just did my taxes   i feel dirty 
"i was in the mood, but now i'm not "
spaghettios = best after bar food ever 
<propfemale> dogs win their debut tournament today!  it's going to be a great softball season!
time to get rid of the depressing neckbrace photo 
great day atwork today!  all of my projects were approved on the same day!  so this is what accomplishment feels like - 7 years at fedex was never this satisfying!
boy am i glad that's over 
"the difference between my two cats:  one gets angry at, and is tormented by, the squirrel outside the window   the other gets angry at, and is tormented by, the shower curtain "
i need a new wardrobe 
happy 60th birthday mom!
i hope <propfemale> saw <propfirst>'s birth certificate   i don't beleive he was really born a <propmale> 
it will be interesting to see how trump takes credit for this one 
let the political bickering begin anew   democrats will try to take credit for what bush wasn't able to do   republicans will take the credit for building a military that was able to kill bin laden   trump will claim he did it himself   bachmann will stare blankly and complain of the cost of the operation   it never ends 
i'm tired of getting into political debates with closed minded people who will never accept a different point of view   i'm going to try to make my facebook a little less political   those of you who truly know me knows what my opinion is - and are welcome to let me know when i break this vow    smile 
i'm making an awesome dinner   it would be a shame to have to eat it by myself 
<propfemale> wars day???  really???
grrrrrrrrr!!!!!!
woke up from a nap and almost every limb is still asleep!
i am going for a walk and a think   not sure i can do both at the same time 
