8889be597b070123ffe6e5af497084fb
i am getting tatted on thursday and off to <propmale> matthews on saturday   should be a heck of a week 
off to atlantic city tomorrow to do some gambling and see <propmale> gaffigan
please don't say anything to me about the redskins   i know what happened 
i'm paid!!!! time to go to the bar tonight!
"class at 8, study, discussion,test, study, discussion, test done at 830   what a great looking day "
hell week ends tonight!!!  i can't wait!!!
so i go from winning a hundred playing poker saturday night to needing to get my car towed to the vw dealer because some fuses or something got wet and stopped working correctly   went from winning 100 dollars to paying out over 800 when all was said and done   sweet!
bonnaroo line-up looks silly!!!  i will be there 
i am at school and it is 3 smile 0 in the am   why?  not because i have to be   it's because i couldn't sleep so i figured i would get some work done   it sucks getting old and responsible 
just aced yet another test in grad school!!!!
"did everyone see the story about the mississippi high school that cancelled prom because one girl wanted to go to prom with her girlfriend   yea, prom was cancelled for everyone because of a gay teenage couple  bigots"
happy st  paddy's day everyone  ~~patty is girl's name 
just got done watching that movie precious   it was actually really good   give it a <propmale> 
gotta love that the tournament has started 
i just want everyone to know that i picked <propmale> to win  come on <propfemale>!
so   my bracket is pretty much screwed   i had villanova winning and kansas in the final four   gotta love cinderellas
test today   <propmale> <propfirst> concert tomorrow night   golf on saturday   looking like a good couple of days 
sometimes i am glad that i am not in <propfemale>   one such time is now   i don't have to watch the caps blowing it!
did the o's really just sweep boston?  what's going on here?  am i dreaming?
i know bonnaroo is over a month away but i can't wait 
last final of my first year of grad school at 730 in the a m !
done!  i'm done!  i'm done the first year!
the countdown has begun   11 days!
10 days!
starting to teach my own class today   should be an e playful erience 
can't believe the ump fucked up that call and cost the guy his perfect game 
shot an 89  had two birdies  and made a 40 foot putt  good day  5 more days!!
4 days!!!!
i just found out that i have a <propfemale> for my class   that means no more grading!  3 more days!!!
2 more days!!
it's days like this that i miss being at bonnaroo 
"mdma got you feeling like a champion\the city never sleeps, better slip you an ambien "
i've got three applications in to high school positions in vermont    everyone cross your fingers   unless you're driving 
"i hope everyone noticed that the first td of the preseason was scored by a red raider!!\\p s  i agree with <propfirst> rice  i can't believe rice was inducted into the hof "
first day of teaching for the new semester   these kids have no idea what they are in for 
i think i might join a bowling league 
so happy the redskins won!
got the new halo and xbox live   it's actually pretty cool 
way to go skins   big win!
reading   meeting   dinner   sleep   back to school around 4 in the morning
the redskins had a tough loss but they put up a good fight 
"someone stole my fucking ipod today   sorry for my language   why would someone steal?  it doesn't make sense to me   to quote the eagles, \i can't tell you why \"""""
"stimulating the intelligence of some young folk   (in other words, i'm teaching )"
"so, first my ipod gets stolen and then my driver's side mirror gets destroyed by a hit and run driver while i'm in my house   what's the third thing going to be?"
the eagles concert on friday was beyond amazing   those guys can still rock out 
just rocked the casbah out of my topology exam   no more exams until finals!
it's 1:50 am
it is now 1 surprise 8  call doc brown
"i brought this up to my roommate last night and he disagreed so what do you think? i hate the automatic first down thing  last night, it was 3rd and 10 and the 6-7 yard pass to <propfirst> g was in front of him   i'm not saying there was no interference but he would have had to of dived anyway and there were ravens all around   he would not have gotten the first down   so i say, spot penalty and replay the down "
no comment
i can't wait for 4 surprise 0 wednesday afternoon   all my damn finals will be complete for yet another semester 
"hey   to all of my students, your grades should be up on raiderlink now   i'm sorry it took so long but i didn't feel like doing anything after i finished my finals   i'm sure that is a feeling you can understand   anyway, i hope you are happy with your grade and if you're not   "
watching sunday night football   on tuesday
just saw tron  decent  go see true grit instead
at the caps game 
just went to the most ghetto mcdonalds ever and it was in bwi
we all go through life asleep  my real life is in my dreams 
writing my syllabus for calc 1 
"as i was leaving to come to school today, i saw a school bus picking some kids up and i thought, \that sucks to be up that early when it's so cold out and heading to school\""   then i realized i'm doing it too   i thought i earned the right to sleep """
"the good news? the redskins and ravens are both watching the super bowl but the skins have a higher draft pick  therefore, the redskins had a better season "
pants? at a time like this?
my weather is in the 60's and no clouds
"to all my students: we will have class today like normal unless the school cancels it  as of now, we still have class  and there may be a quiz today"
"so   it's like 15 degrees with 30 mph winds and ice all over the road   to everyone on the east coast, i'm sorry for rubbing in all my good weather   kharma is a bitch "
"boredom creeps towards me like death,\it aims to swallow my life and leave me with nothing,\i fight it off with drugs and good thoughts\but it catches up to us all and consumes us wholly,\we hold on to a bit of ourselves\and if we are lucky,\we can one day take back our lives from the grasp of the inevitable"
frost bite warnings yesterday   in texas!
"happy v day  but better yet, nonstop line-up tomorrow!"
"happy v-day   better yet, bonnaroo line-up tomorrow"
to my students: i'm pretty sick today so class is going to be cancelled  sorry for any inconvenience  please pass the message along 
bought my ticket for bonnaroo today   year number 3!
serenity now!
"so, it's been awhile since i have been on imdb on the computer because normally i just use my phone   when did they change shit up and make it all difficult and confusing?"
"done! done with college basketball  louisville and notre dame, ya both let me down  done!"
"i only got 7 hours of sleep last night  drank no caffeine today  did some grading, reading, and bowling  and even did a minor workout  yet, here i am at 6 in the morning wide awake  can anyone e playful lain that?"
