a798f6bb92553aa9038cd85c531b635a
its been a month already!!  smile 
wow last day of summer  sad 
i feel like shittt
no more braces!!
commment my new pictures pleasee
come to the volleyball game at branite bay tomorrow!!! jvs at 5 30 and varsity is at 7!! come to the jv especially!!!!!!
well things are starting to get better    its still tough and im still hurting but ill get through it  smile  thank you everyone whos been helping me through this  smile  i love you all!!
why is everything so confusing??
yay we beat roseville!!
we lost    again    but at least it was close!! lol
our spanish project is hilarious!
got my wisdom teeth pulled today which was quite painful lol and now i cant talk very well! i sound like a little kid that cant pronounce thir rs!
omg new <propfemale> was amazing!!! i love <propmale>!!!!! hes my new favorite!! haha
the game was <propfemale> much fun!! i wasnt even cold most of the time! i got to <propfemale> out with <propfirst> the whole time which made it <propfemale>o much fun  smile 
i miss himmm  sad 
ahhh i dont wanna go to school tomorro w sad 
just tried to win jingle ball tickets    i used 3 different phones at one time to try and get in lol no luck  sad 
so 2 days ago i woke up sick yesterday i acidentally cut my hand on a broken glass and today i woke up with an eye infection    great last 2 days ofbreak right?
i feel terrible    idk why things turned out this way but they did and it sucks
we are in 1st for our tournament!!! i played the best game of my life today  smile  hopefully we keep it up tomortrow!! its an 18s tournament and we are only 16s  smile 
"these last few days have shown me that every situation is as good as you make it, get happy over the little things in life and dont let anyone bring you down  smile "
got my phone taken away   
yay i have my 1st behind the wheel lesson tomorrow! then i can actually drive legally! haha
definately not looking forward to morning practice tomorrow  sad 
alright 3 hours of swim and 2 and a half hours of vball done!  smile  morning practice tomorrow though  sad 
vball practice tonight     trying to figure out what to do tomorrow! text me!  smile 
"wow    its like my dad thinks i just like plot ways to be mean lol like anything i say he just assumes it was meant to \ridicule him\"" ughhhh im <propfemale> tired of getting into huge fights over nothing    """
wat ive learned today is that i shouldnt try to make people a priority in my life if im not even close to one in thiers    
things are turning around  smile  finally had a good day today!!
does anyone know how to do or find the <propfemale> sructures for the ion cards in honors chem??
this morning i left my house at 5 am and i didnt get back until 9 30 pm    im sooo tireddd
no phone     sad 
definately forgot it was a collab day today   
yay! this week is almost over!!
wow    ended up with an 88 6 in chem  sad   sad 
volleyball tomorrow! no powderpuff or sadies for me  sad 
just got home from a long day of volleyball     <propfemale> tired
3 more days til break!!  smile 
one more day of school! then la!  smile 
my life must have been so much more productive before facebook haha
haha still need to do the frq    i really should stop procrastinating!
heading to san <propfirst>!
home from san <propfirst>!! we won our tournament  smile  haha soooo intense!!
such a good weekend!  smile 
does anyone know if we have morning pracitce tomorrow??
day one of lifeguarding: complete! only 2 more! haaha
i really should get going on my outline haha im not even done with the 1st section!!
alright starting section#4 in my outline! haha why do i procrastinate so much?!
ap euro outline: done!
one day of reno down! 2 more to go!
finally home!!  smile 
champs went so well today! 3 1st's and one 3rd along with 2 league records  smile 
i want school to be over!!!!
i hate ap euro sooo much   
crappy weekend    but hey! that means next one will be better i guess
go tmy phone taken away    so if i dont reply thats why!
quad dance was so fun  smile 
good day today  smile  except i was wearing shorts and a tank top and it started raining! haha
i love how its almost summer but its like raining outside   
getting a puppy!!  smile 
2 more days!!  smile 
amazing day today  smile 
swim meet tomorrow!
had the worst time babysitting 4 kids and the littlest one refused to go to  bed and stayed up 2 hours past his bed time  ughhh
volleyball party tonight was <propfemale> fun  smile  we were playing on the wii and getting superrr into it and im pretty sure my neighbors all the was down the street could hear us!
i got a new puppy today! shes <propfemale> cute  smile   smile 
new phoneeee  smile 
basketball is in the gym this week so basicle instead of an hour of conditioning and 2 hours of practice we now have 3 hours of conditioning     its terrible!!
4 day volleyball tournament starts tomorrow!! im actually really excited  smile  last one of the season!
<propfemale> tired of club volleyball 
won all of our games today!  smile 
yess!!! i somehow got a 3 on the ap euro ap test!!  smile 
<propfemale> much volleyball today!! only 2 weeks till my birthday  smile 
leaving my house at 6 tomorrow for a swim meet isnt sounding too great right now   
its been 3 months already!!  smile  been with <propfirst> and <propfemale> all day!! sooo much fun  smile  happy early birthday <propfirst>!
one week til my birthday and two weeks til my license  smile 
almost done with my busy week! just swim tomorrow  smile 
swim champs tomorrow and sunday!! its gonna be a long weekend!
of champs done!! such a long dayy
birthday tomorrow  smile  and i leave for camping!!
got a -0 on my driving test and now i have my license!!!  smile 
"ok so 1st semester i have annoyed 1st period dance \2nd period ap calc with becker\3rd period english with bacharach\4th period honors spanish with gonzales \2nd semester annoyed 1st period us history with stevens\2nd period ap calc with becker\3rd period honors physics with miller \4th: athletic pe!\tell me if we have any together  smile "
only one more day of summer!!  sad  volleyball tryouts tomorrow    definately havent played in like 2 weeks   
<propfemale> not the best of days today    first of all school starts tomorrow oh and at the 1st day of volleyballtryouts i fractured to fingers and am conne be out for a couple weeks    awesome 
<propfemale>oo i had to sit through almost 3 hours of volleyball tryouts that i didnt even get to play in     i wanted to <propfemale> bad!! but on the plus side my license came in the mail!!  smile 
just cant seem to get around to doing my spanish homework    
sooo taday my spanish class got dropped cuz there wasnt enough people so like half of us switched to ap psych! haha oh and i had to sit through 3 hours of volleyball tryouts where i couldnt play again! except for trying to hit lefty twice    definately didnt work for me! haha
made the volleyball team!  smile 
ropes course with the vball team today  smile  so much fun!  smile 
actually got to play at practice tonight! and my finggers barely hurt!  smile 
great    just when my fingers are almost better   
"click \like\"" if i've ever made you smile in your\",a798f6bb92553aa9038cd85c531b635a,i love minimum days
yay!! its finally friday!!  smile 
the make it or break it season fanalie was definately like the most intense thing ive ever seen 
i  hate  microwaves 
so does anyone else think its kinda stupid i have a b in ap calc and my volleyball coach told me i needed to get it up by friday with a signed grade check to keep playing even though its weighted??
its only wednesday  sad 
just got home    of course the one game we take to 5 is 2 hours away!!
just finished watching the last song! so saddd  sad 
5 months  smile 
game against oakmont tomorrow!!  smile 
"sooo i still have my final research project, math homework, and a news report for psych that was due today    yayyy"
i love psychologyyyy  smile 
im sad i missed bonfire  sad  of course today is the one day we have a game at <propfemale> union haha
hahah i love group psychology projects!
suchhh a good day!! we beat <propmale> oro who's like number 3 in the area and we are 10! and i got an a in ap calc because i did good on my midterm  smile 
soooo since i played like crap today now i'm really looking forward to the weekend! but i did finay figure out what i got in psych last semester and i somehow pulled out an a!!  smile 
tournament tomorrow!
like my status and i'll tell you what i like about you!  smile 
i love weekends  smile 
we beat <propmale> oro todayyy  smile 
sooo does anyone play words with friends??  smile 
i love haunted houses  smile 
such a close game with roseville! hopefully we make playoffs!  smile 
anyone going to mr grizzly??
this is going to be a longgggggggg week 
dance shows sstart tomorrow!!  smile 
one show down! 2 to go!!  smile  sooo much fun  smile 
one more dance show tomorrow at 7!!  smile 
no more dance shows  sad  great job everyone!!!  smile 
saw <propmale> potter today!
happy thanksgiving!!  smile 
so how come school weeks last forever but vacation weeks go by so fast??
i just loveee having volleyball practice from 6 to 8 on a friday!  sad 
first volleyball practice tonight!
i am sooo out of shape!
i just love losing my voice!!!
only 3 more days!
i just love it when my sister has tons of friends over and they keep me up with their yelling until 2 am then wake me up at 7 in the morning!
happy birthday sisterrr!!
good day today  smile  got to go boarding and i got some wonderful presents from <propfirst>!  smile 
going to northstar tomorrow!  smile 
it was soooo cold up in the mountains today!!
one day down! only a whole semester to go   
yesss!! somehow pulled of straight a's last semester!!!  smile 
actually had a really good practice tonight!  smile 
sooo probably not gonna get home til past midnight tonight!  sad 
not a good day    it got a little better at the end though!
why is this week taking so long????
only one more day    what's with weeks feeling so long lately??
hanging out with <propfemale>!!  smile 
wow! my computer actually decided to connect to the internet for the first time in 2 months!!
soooo does anyone in honors physics with miller know how to do number 8 on webassign?? i got a but cant get b c or d!
good practice at volleyball tonight!  smile  only one more day til fridayyy!!!
driving down to watsonville todayy for a tournament!
i hate physics!
its almost friday!  smile  this week has gone surprisingly fast!!
ready for this week to be over!!
i hate physics! and webassign 
finally done filming my spanish project!! now i just have to edit    
just kidding! i have to redo the whole thing because my sister kept covering the mic!
somehow pulled off a's again!  smile  4 75 gpa! yay!  smile  and tomorrow is a collab day  smile  good day!
just got home from 2 hours of powderpuff then 2 hours if volleyball!! too bad i have to do mr beckers march madness thing still!
i hate driving in the rain!
great job tonight girls!  smile  we definately put up a fight! next year the juniors are going down!!!
why can i not sleep in at all anymore?!?
"things like this make you realize how much you really have to make every moment count   rip <propfirst> johns, you will be missed  you definately were the best pe <propfemale> ever  my heart and prayers go out to all of his friends and family  love "
leaving for la tomorrow!!
"ok so on the way to practice there was a flashing sign saying \beware of ice on road\"" i looked at the temperature and it was 81 degrees! definitely tons of ice on the road!"""
sitting in the airport! my flight doesn't leave until 7 25!  sad 
