49f22b2fcdbe2b2512710a23b0606add
losing everyone i hold dear to me faster everyday     having a diffcult time trying to figure out how i can keep in touch   sad 
"night, i have to get up to take a cake to my b f for his bday! cross your fingers for me "
he liked that cake! i'm glad i did somethin right for a change      smile 
week # 3 for me at cfcc    
going crazy for this guy i know     it's something very different from what im use to!
cant wait to go out with him again   it's so much fun being with him!
thinking of <propmale>     smile 
i miss <propfemale> bryce    cant wait until saturday     smile 
missing my bryce   cant wait to see him again   
missing <propmale> right now     waiting for the next time i can see him again!
waiting to see bryce    missing him alot    wishing i could curl up & go to sleep next to him!  sad 
saturday night was amazing   even though i almost got in trouble for falling asleep at <propmale>'s house   it was so totally worth it!!!!
bored & hurt very much!!!
missing him lots! hoping i can be with him during winter break    
wisdom tooth remove finally  no more pain i cant handle!!!! thank you to the oral surgon who did it too 
"still in pain, but much happier than i was monday morning!"
wants to sleep but has to stay up long enough to take my medication    tired of this wisdome tooth crap!
going insane nothing to do; somebody help!
feel funtabulous!
"needs a job, and soon!"
25 more pounds and im done losing weight    wish me luck because its been a pain to get there so far 
not wanting to go to school   just wanna crawl back into bed and sleep more!
hello weekend   i've need you since monday!
got some new pics after losing 21 pounds! check'em out please and comment 
"yay! i'm getting to my goal, it may be slow, but it's working "
have a really big sweet tooth      playful 
i don't know what to do  it's gonna take me 18 month to become a radiology tech and that seems like forever! i have seriously considered military because i don't know with this new health care reform if i'll be able to get paid like before 
needs something to do to keep my mind from dying of being bored 
long irritating day 
i wanna leave the house and just drive!
"this weekend already blows! bored, have no money, and nothing to do   i need to be saved from this hell!"
needing something to do   sitting around being bored 
hoping for a better week i really need it!
"i'm someone you'll never forget, because i'll impact your life in a way you'll never want to forget!"
hoping to hear from someone soon    getting kinda worried since i haven't heard anything in 2 days   
"feeling much better even with a group people   sunshine feels so good on my skin, it's been a while since i've been out like that!"
had a decent weekend   got better this morning   now i just hope my week gets even better 
just wants to cry   
feeling much better today   just needed some time with myself and my thoughts
waiting patiently for something else good to happen in my life   i just hope it can be soon because i really would like it! (thinking of someone special) hope my luck keeps up the way it has lately!
if i keep this up i'm going to mess everything up   it's hard and i need a little help! i just need to hold back the tears a little longer to try and figure this out   
"for those friends that will never see the light of day again or be able to start a family of their own  <propfirst> sorcek 4 2010, laryn edmunds 2 2010, and <propfemale> hyten 11 2008  you will be remembered and loved by all your friends & family!"
"i dont know where i stand with you, or even know what i mean to you, but i do know i think of you all the time   "
"i love all my friends   i dont want to hear about anymore dying! i'm about ready to e playful load with all the pain i am dealing with from losing so many friends already, so please everyone try to be safe! i'd like to see you all again "
"i don't know where i stand with you, or even what i mean to you, but i do know i think of you all the time, and that i do worry and care for you!"
"i'm glad to know where i stand with you now, and to know what i mean to you, because you mean a lot to me! i hope you realized this when we were together "
working 1 to close tonight   
"still floating above the clouds in my own little world thinking to myself   that i must be dreaming, but i should know better because spending time with you this weekend was real, it happened and it was amazing!"
work was actually kinda fun!
"still floating above the clouds in my own little world thinking to myself   that i must be dreaming, but i should know better because spending time with you this weekend was real, it happened and it was amazing!"
"long weekend of work, and i still have monday and friday    blah!!!"
had a fun weekend!
"so now i get to help work with the truck! here i come with new transmission fluid for the truck    yes, it's about time papa!"
home from work   
goin to drop my car off to get new brakes and then to work   
got home and now i just wanna cry   
just needs a hot bath to relax a bit    
watching <propfirst> hood men in tight    fricken awesome!!!!  laugh 
"ok guys!!! we need as many people as we can get in on this    mrs  <propmale> is an amazing teacher and works <propfemale> hard for her students   its time we all gave back to her  so if you are or where her student and would like to help, we want to get <propfirst> banderas to come to the school and meet her    its a secret surprise thingy, so you cant bring it up in front of her!!!!? <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and threnody"
work tomorrow 9:45 to 6 and saturday 1 to 9:15   blah!!!!
tired of work      sad  way to much crud goin on! just want to cry because i dont know what else to do 
glad to be home    
happily wearing a size 6 <propfirst>!!!!  laugh 
night all   work tomorrow 9 smile 0 to 5
thinking about getting another peircing!
"not ready to work 6 days in a row, but i have no choice "
work tomorrow 9:45 to 6   
come to the dark side  we have cookies!
"lip pierced, friends graduated, now my uncle is coming down the last two days have been awsome!"
springs with my sister tomorrow!
working 11 to 8   our stupid one day sale at <propfemale>'s gonna be so bored and tired of work!
hoping tomorrow is better!
bed so i can get up for work in the morning night night!
"please ask me anything, send me anonymous questions! make sure to click the link: http annoyed  ama honestybox com i 592351963"
"so my sissy had a nervous break down, but i understand why  im just glad that my mom and sis are safe and it was just the car that was damaged!"
off to sleep now so i can have some fun in the sun tomorrow!
working 1 to 9:15 tonight   blah so not ready for work 
gotta work on the car in the morning   
fixed the car thank goodness it was an easy part for me to replace without having to take it and paying up to $300 for it 
tired and just wanna cry      sad 
workin 11:45 to 6   not to thrilled about it with how the rest of last night went for me  just not in the mood for anything 
gonna rest a little so i can be refreshed for work tomorrow  better ending for today than yesterday  thank goodness!
so not thrilled with verizon right now!
once alone usually always alone  which seems to be my case a great deal of the time  hardly talk to anyone and usually not to the same person more than once  i guess im always to busy for my own good  work and school never any true fun time   sad (
goin thru my closet and gettin rid of my big clothes   about time!
got screwed over by verizon for $250!
trying to save some money up so i can move out by the beginning of august 
i can't wait for friday to be here! im so excited!  smile 
i give up life and things in my life dont seem to work for me what so ever anymore! what to do next? everything makes me so sad all i can do is cry!
tonight was fantastic!!!!
with how life is at the moment it is going to kill me before i even get a <propmale> to do anything with it  my gma is gonna drive me insane and i just need emotional space right now because im going straight for the deep end of all nothingness otherwise 
tired of people blowin me off  i put up with it way to much  if you really want to <propfemale> out you better come to me because im not goin any where just to get ditched! livin my life and dont have anymore time to just waste when i can have fun and relax 
so i just signed a lease for an apartment so i can move  i should be good to go august 21st!
"gonna miss my kitties when i move but it's to keep me somewhat sane, so i'll just have to deal with it and visit once in a while   1 month and 14 days until i can move   super excited!"
watching dungeons & dragons
"how many of us\really know everybody on our fb friend list? here's a task for you    i\want all my fb friends to post how you met me  after you comment, copy\this to your status  you'll be amazed at the responses you get  this\might just be interesting!!"
"love is nothing you just fall into, it's something that happens on it's own  you'll never know when or where or even who, but you'll know it when it happens because you'll never stop thinking of the one you love  there are those that don't believe in love, but then there are those of us that are optimistic about finding it "
leaving work earily  not feeling well  sad 
starting to feel a little better; now that the stress i've been under is not so bad  i feel like i can breath once more 
back home and much much better after running! my stress seems to have slipped into a forgotten land 
"if you're brave copy this to your status, and see what people rate you sad 1) crazy (2) wish we went out (3) talkative (4) sarcastic (5) lovable (6) sexy (7) strong ( smile  dumb (9) spoiled (10) like your lips (11) wild (12) wanakiss you (13) funny (14) lets go out (15) beautiful (16) amazing    (17) cute"
idk what to say for once in my life    :  
"love is nothing you just fall into, it's something that happens on it's own  you'll never know when or where or even who, but you'll know it when it happens because you'll never stop thinking of the one you love  there are those that don't believe in love, but then there are those of us that are optimistic about finding it  \love answer your phone and let us know why you aren't always there when we need you to be \"""""
it's official i'm moving august 21st!
finally home from work and i have work again tomorrow   ugh! 9am - 6 smile 0pm
good night! maybe talk tomorrow after work  just another day of life to continue on 
with some good friends havin a good time!
night all!
tired of my pants tryin to fall off  it's nice to know i'm losing weight and all but this sucks when i have no pant that fit!
home and happy to be here for now
night everyone!
in class bored outta my mind   but i'll be out soon 
work tomorrow 5 to 9
i had a great lunch! thanks <propfirst> 
had a fantastic night! now time for bed  good night everyone 
good morning world it's a beautiful day in my life today  hope it continues!  smile 
today was fantastic! i need more days like this one! still have a big smile on my face from last night   smile 
nothing to do tonight   hopefully something will come up for tomorrow  off for saturday and sunday yay!!!!
goona go put air in my tires and take a look at the truck to see what else is wrong with it and see if i can fix it some how  hoping to go out tonight 
air in the tires now and nothin i can do about the truck for now  have to wait until my granddad buys the stuff for it 
"waiting   that's all my life is right now is waiting! moving, school, work, and friends all i do is wait for something or someone "
"not my brightest moment running in the middle of the day, but i still feel better afterward  it seems to help balance me when i'm ready to tip over "
"had a decent day and a wonderful night! we'll see how tomorrow goes and how everything goes down, but for now i'm off to bed  peace!"
9 more pounds and i'm done with losing weight   120 here i come!
"who knows me best? my full name, age, birthday, eye color, nickname(s), my hero, favorite color, and number  post as your status and see who knows you best "
long day ahead of me   school until 10:40 and then work 12-9  just wanting to go home right now  waiting for tomorrow to come 
"tire of of waiting , and yet i keep waiting  that is my life right now a waiting game hoping it will end soon   sad "
today will be a better day!
home at last from class   yay!!
so tired   but still have homework  sad  blah!!!!
not in a good mood what so ever right now!
tired wants to go back to bed   even after going to bed early last night  sad 
home yay!!!
"up, but still tired even went to bed early again  guess i need to go to bed a bit eariler tonight or maybe take a nap when i get home for like an hour or two then do my homework and start packin  i need a amazing saturday night!"
home from school now to relax a bit   smile  can't wait to move still very excited!
living my life and ready to move on forward   that's how i roll!
gone for a run
back from my run it was a good one!
off here for the night  peace ya'll!
only have one class to go to today   what to do the rest of the time   hmm  i really don't know since i have to be at work by 12 
"off to work   i wont be home until 10, so peace out!"
"home and about to start on my stupid 3 <propfemale> paper      playful  sucks sometimes to be me, but i just deal with it and move on!"
does not like 3 <propfemale> analytical papers on poems    someone please shoot me before i go off the deep end  oh! wait   i'm already there!
up way too earily for work yet i must go     sad 
home from work   yay!!!
so bored!!!
packing boxes   20 days
gone for a walk! if you want to get a hold of me call or text because i dont plan on coming back soon  peace!
back from my walk   
night all! to bed i go to wake up for school and work  1-9:15
up but not ready for the day   
home and happy to be! no work tomorrow   yay!!!
"for those of you that know what i'm like when i'm mad as all hell sorry, but for those of you that are new with dealing with me just leave me alone when i get that way otherwise i might be so nice! hate to say it but when i'm mad it's just in general  nothin against you people that i love!"
"goin to bed hopefully i wont be so pissed in the morning! if i am still pissed everyone can just deal with it, because i'll tell you to take a hike off a <propmale> any ways!"
home   gonna relax for  a bit 
so bored   
"love me, love me not   hurt me, hurt me not  i'm about ready to give up! i just don't wanna get hurt, so please be kind to me "
out for a walk  yay me!!!
back from my run   
has a long day ahead of me not ready for it  has a longer weekend to deal with   sad 
"working 11 smile 0 to 9 smile 0 instead of 1 to 9 smile 0  oh, joy!"
home and happy to be 
gonna turn in early  night all!
home from school relaxin a bit   thank goodness!
goin on a walk   later
finally decided to come home from my walk 
16 days and counting!
night all!
up even though i'm not ready to be and gonna try to take one step at a time to deal with my long day 
home from work and shopping for my apartment   now someone entertain me!
peace out!
off to work soon    12-5
home   helped my friend get a kitty   but now i must find something to entertain myself so i don't die from being bored!
new work dress code for me is fricken amazing! i can dress like myself and not a up tight bussiness woman  yay!
"i give up on guys in general   i guess i'm gonna stay single for a while to come cause i'm tired of drama, so back off and leave me be i don't wanna get hurt any more by anyone! i'm am tired of weeping alone and being the only one to care "
sleepy but my day shouldnt be to long i only work until 8 tonight  yay!!!
home at last!
"maybe i should be in bed, but i have too much on my mind to sleep honestly   sad "
exams tomorrow then i can get rid of my textbooks and pick-up my new textsbooks   yay   not! 10 days and counting so excited
exams today and goes to work after getting my new textbooks for next semester  on another note: people trying to make things work that will never work please stop telling the whole world to help you because you're just embarrassing yourself! grow-up and take it like you should and move the hell forward otherwise you may lose some good friends without realizing it 
cant wait for work to be over with! then i get 2 days off 
"tomorrow i'm getting up early to do laundry, pack some stuff, and then go to a friends, and then friday im going to st  <propfirst> beach!"
might be on later   peace!
"i really dont like being ignored by a friend especially one i've known for 13 years, so thanks a lot! i really enjoy seeing you wallow in grief and pain just love it to bits   my best friend wont even talk to me anymore; maybe i should just stop caring as much as i do maybe i should just leave you alone for another 6 years and you'll realize what our friendship is!"
i hate the game of life! it's always a big mess that you can never clean up  fml i'd really like to stomp this game we call life into the ground!
can i just cry my eyes out plz? you've taken what doesn't belong to you and now you hold it without realizing what is happening   why must i be such a fool when it comes to you? you dont understand and never will understand what i feel and what you mean to me! so please ignore these tears you see and let me be in my misery!
st  <propfirst> tomorrow! yay!!!!
upped the gauge in my lip and man it hurt   but it looks good!
goin to st  <propfirst> beach today! gonna have fun with my mom and sis 
had an awsome time at st  <propfirst>!
in so much pain!!!!
off to bed    hopefully i can sleep!
doesn't want to work 11-8 tonight 
pissed to the point of screaming and putting a hole in something!!!!
freezing!!!
im off here if you have the digits and you wanna talk txt me or call oyher there is reason why you dont have them
going back to sleep  still dont feel good but still need to go to work today 
thinking about cutting my hair short short again   with the back shaved up and the top maybe an inch or so long   
eye doctors tomorrow morning then to <propfemale>'s to chill until work at 5    long but eventful day ahead of me!
"sweetheart, you can take me as i am or just leave me be, because i'm not gonna change for anyone in the world any more! i'm beautiful the way i am and you either can except it or walk away, but in the end baby you know you're missin something good!"
"sweetheart, you can take me as i am or just leave me be, because i'm not gonna change for anyone in the world any more! i'm beautiful the way i am and you either can except it or walk away, but in the end baby you know you're missin out on somethin good!"
i'm moving tomorrow  yay!!! no more bronson!
"sweetheart, you can take me as i am or just leave me be, because i'm not gonna change for anyone in the world any more! i'm beautiful the way i am and you either can except it or walk away, but in the end baby you know you're missin out on somethin good!"
in g'ville officially!
no breakfast food so im goin to the peanut butter jar   yummy!!!
cooking dinner
so bored   need people to chill with
"needs help to stop being bored    i'm missing someone that has blown my mind away and is a sweetheart to me that also excepts me for who i am  i'm glad we had a <propmale> to get together, but i wish he didn't have to leave  now to wait to see him again!"
"i'm missing someone that has blown my mind away and is so sweet, and also excepts me for who i am  i'm glad we had a <propmale> to get together, but i wish he didn't have to leave  now to wait to see him again! it's going to seem like forever until i see him once more "
"this mind blowing sensation that has happened i can't get over it  will you come back you to me faster, because i think i'm slowly losing my senses and little bits of my heart at a time to you  you make me smile when we talk and you've turned my world upside down "
you snuck into my heart like a ninja and stole my heart all at once  you've turned my world upside down  please come back to me soon i'm losing my senses slowly without you here  i'm waiting for you and wont stop waiting because of how you make me feel 
i am head over heels about you! honestly i absolutely love everything about you and i miss you  counting the day until i see you again! 26 days to go
i am head over heels about you! honestly i absolutely love everything about you and i miss you  counting the day until i see you again! 25 days to go
24 days left   i can't wait  i think i could do that happy dance soon!
23 days    happy dance is coming on soon!  laugh  still cant wait!!!!
22 days and still counting! happy dance!!!!!!!!!!
21 days! yay!!!!! closer!
20 days!!! super excited!
19 days to go! i cant wait i'm about ready to e playful lode with excitement!
to love is nothing   to be loved is something   to love and be loved is everything!
to love is nothing   to be loved is something   to love and be loved is everything! 18 days left   slowly going crazy  hun you should get here now i'm missing you!
i made sammiches
"\love doesn't make the world go 'round  love is what makes the ride worthwhile \"" - <propmale> p  jones (15 days come home soon hun i cant wait to see you)"""
"what lies behind us, and what lies before us are <propfemale> matters compared to what lies within us  (14 days hun   just 14)"
"i love you not because i need you, but i need you because i love you  (13 days)"
"long, tiring, and awful day "
things keep going down hill   what am i to do everything has gone to hell in a hand basket  im so tired and yet i cant sleep   i only sleep when i cry myself into exhaustion  save me before i crash and burn!
got some poems i wrote up on my notes   idk if they're any good though 
i think i'm done crying and i hope i'm done because i'm so over being emotional like that  it's way over rated!
so i found a silver hair the other day   i'm only 20 and i'm already getting silver     sad 
"well, the last couple of days have been pretty good  i have my best friend in the whole world in my life again and i can't wait to see my family tomorrow after work "
anyone know of job openings anywhere in gainesville??? i just got knocked down to 7hrs in a 4 week period and i need to find another job!
tired of being so far away from the people i love!
ahhhh    needs my manager to get back to me about having a weekend off so i can take my road trip to <propfemale>!!!!
i hate waiting! i've never been a patient person and that hasnt changed   my manager better answer me back about my days off cause im gonna go insane!
got my go ahead for my days off!
thanks everyone for the happy birthdays 
stoked about holloween weekend! 4 days off and taking a road trip   woot!!!!!!!
15 days before i take off for <propfemale>
14 days left
good night beautiful world!
1 week 5 days until i leave for <propfemale>
1 week 4 days until <propfemale>
1 week and 3 days to <propfemale>
1 week 2 days until <propfemale>
8 days until my trip to <propfemale>!
7 days to <propfemale>
6 days until i leave for <propfemale>
5 days to <propfemale>
working 2 to 11:15   yuck!
4 days until i leave for <propfemale>
3 days until i leave for <propfemale>
2 days until <propfemale>
1 more day i get to be leave for <propfemale> 
finally where i wanna be and its been fantastic!  smile 
back in gville   had an awsome trip
relaxing at home with <propfirst> very happy 
have to work 9 p m  to 3 a m  someone shoot me please!
had a bad night and an even worse morning  hopefully today gets better   crying 
"sent my poor <propfemale> to the vet, because she has to have her tail amputated   crying "
goodbye hair! i'm tired of your weight and the trouble you give me every morning 
frushstrated with homework lucky me i can't rip hair out any more since it's short!
sick as a dog but still at school!
thinking about taking my hair a little shorter next time 
i've decided shorter goes the hair next week at the salon  goodnight!
anatomy ugh! i want more sleep!
new cars are always great!!!
love anatomy sooo much!!!  playful  i want out now!!!!!! my brain is going to e playful lode 
<propfemale>
