39afe4fe85721bf28ad209b25b6ff959
happy father's day              
happy birthday toooo meeee!!!
thank you everyone for ur bday wishes
thank u
taking the kids to the zoo ne one game for a play date??? trying to get a big group??
had fun at the zoo!!!
bored      
happy 4th      
18 weeks preggo        boy or girl?
my boo boo turns 1 tomorrow!!!!!!
happy birthday to my <propmale> big 1    
date nite with the hubby was nice    off to see the baby doc today
we find out boy or girl next week    ugh more waiting!!!
awwww the hubby got me some <propfemale> ear rings!!!
"support our memory of every cancer patient, family member, and friendwho continues to conquer cancer or has lost their battle  put this upfor1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer  many won't copy andpaste this  i did  will you? love to those who are in the fight"
it's a girl!!!
good morning!!! just got back from walking with the lil one      def needing the exercise   
1st day of pre k for my boo boo   
just dropped jakey off at school    now if only <propmale> could go somewhere   lol its a nice lil break  
in pc visiting the fam    
took the kids to chuckie chesse now going to da concert for mommie time   
the concert was nice glad me and the hubby got out     
good day    kiddies went to imagine it n mommy still got to go out with the hubby for a movie    feeling really blessed   
"went to <propmale> park today with <propmale>, it was nice once i found it    i swear i was lost for like an hr    but accomplished r goal to have a picnic     "
"september\is cancer month: in memory of every cancer patient, family member, and\friend who has lost their battle withcancer, and in honor of those who\continue to conquer it! put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who\has or had cancer "
just dropped jakey off for school    back to bed hopefully   
sooooo which one sahara or zahara????
or safiyah    pronounced sa- fee- yah
"soooo its either sahara, zahara or the new one safiyah    (sa-fee-yah) i think i like safiyah plus there is like 5 ways to spell it!!!"
"my mom has made me laugh, wiped my tears, hugged me tight, watched me succeed, seen me fall, cheered me on, kept me going strong, and drove me crazy at times  moms are a promise from god that you will have a friend forever! put this on your status if you love your mom"
sooooo my baby shower will be october 24   
i am registered with target
baby shower mode     two wks    then it won't be long till safia is here   
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put this on your status if you have an amazing sister!"
if you can make it to myy baby shower let me know    needing a head count    this sat at 2   
at age 4 we think: mom knows everything! at 8: mom knows a lot! at 12: mom doesn't really know everything  at 14: mom doesn't know anything  at 18: she's old fashioned  at 25: maybe mom does know about this! at 35: before we decide let's ask mom  at 45: i wonder   what mom thinks about    this ? at 75: i wish i could ask mom about this  broadcast this if you have the best mom in the world ? and special education week
needs soe strength right now
needs some strength right now
"a son will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold your heart for a lifetime     if you have a son that makes your life worth living by just being around them, and if you're proud of your son, copy this and paste to your status "
"soooooo ready for this lil girl to come, ready to induce labor myself     "
16 more days omg can she just come already   
i get induced next wednesday  yay
so safiya did not want 2 wait till wed    she came yesterday at 126pm she was 6lbs15 and 19in long  i will post her pics asap 
uhhhhhhhhhhhh
does my fb have a mind of its own    wtf
in <propfirst>   
to my family i love u  goodnite
omg my head is killing me
so bored    wishing i was in <propfirst>  crazy huh?
sitting at da casa just got back from the park  its so nice out 
omg i need a drink some ppl r super slow 
ready 2 move 2 <propfirst>
so im trying 2 clean but every1 is demanding my attention  really
soooo 2day has been xtra stressful 
ciroc coconut 2 thumbs up
had a good day  just ending it now with the family 
sooo jakey is yelling at the xbox  lmao
my v day kids 2 the doc then gas leak then no gas  lovely  finally everything is ok 
sooo my vday was not complete the hubby bought home flowers n balloons n movie  aww   
so the boys are at chuckie cheeses  yay  its just me n lil mami 
sitting with my spoiled <propfemale> how did she get this way? lol
soooooooo bored
ok so i had my flowers on the porch n at some point my lil friend came n dumped them not once but twice  lmao i cant help it  true entertainment 
sooo gotta prepare myself 4 a giant leap of faith 
sooo my coffee was 2 strong 
at the doc with the kids  going on 2hrs  lovely
almost done packing    well kinda  
in <propfirst>
im in <propfirst>    super bored 
