1b0dade0ca7d7d4b7dfd7dba4e97a1e2
"thanks for the birthday lovin, everyone!"
"as soon as my camera battery charges i will have ten and eleven up  jeez, i can't believe it has been eleven weeks since my baby's birth!"
c'thyllia just rolled over from back to tummy!
"i'm going home for a while! be in california next saturday, i e playful ect "
"four of cups- mixed emotions  new and exciting options open up  the path ahead looks bright  finding new solutions, new relationships, and new opportunities  things you never knew before make themselves known  a new person enters your life  you find a <propfemale> cup in the surrounding rubble  things are looking up  a light at the end of the tunnel "
"anyone want to go to california, perhaps?"
"ahh, sweet, sweet clarity  where have you been all my life?"
"leaving in a few hours  long, lonely drive  send me your energy!"
a woman unto herself 
"in the spirit of tomorrow, i introduce to you today "
i don't own a hand bag 
"\i never saw a wild thing sorry for itself \"""""
"i will, i won't, i doubt, i don't  i'm not suprised, but i never feel quite prepared "
"take the fruit from the tree, break the skin with your teeth  is it bitter or sweet? all depends on your timing "
time for convalescence  need to be alone with one's own thoughts  need to cultivate oneself before interacting with others  focus on inner wisdom  loneliness  emotional separation from others or oneself  time to draw one's world in and simply exist for a while  separation from partner for one's own mental health  quite is needed  wisdom of older male coming into focus  seeker of truth  caution  detachment  <propfemale> 
one day at a time   
dreamed of crushed and rotten pomegranates 
union of hearts and minds 
"nobody sits like this rock sits   you rock, rock  the rock just sits, and is  you show us how to just sit here, and that's what we need "
at least i exist  what could mean more than this?
"it just goes to show it's not what you know, it's what you were thinking at the time "
"my compass spins, the wilderness remains "
"out of a gunnysack fall red rabbits \into the crucible to be rendered an emulsion"
"aaaah    great mooood    it was awesome to see <propfemale>, and her gorgeous daughter!"
free weezy? go nard? i think jersey shore just made me stupider   
"i put the past into the ground, i saw the future as a cloud"
"balls    tired    babysitting    uh, the fat one's watching the little one?"
i heard one of shannen doherty's eyes is off center cuz it's trying to escape 
"back from <propmale>    the desert is beautiful, but man, it is draining "
can thought influence the strength of quantum waves? do we construct this reality from all of time?
must   resist    temptation to whine   
time to rest my head 
