b2b9314b3fa59503eb93af47410e779c
"so many different opinions in the world; it makes me sad to see so many people going to great lengths to make their voices heard, and even more so the millions of people who refuse to hear it "
"is watching ????, one of many dramas on my list to watch "
"suddenly realized that she knows alot of nurses  hey, at least i'll be in good hands no matter where i end up injuring myself next   laugh "
is having a bf right now  why is it so hard to do the easy thing sometimes?
got sick from stupid cafe e playful ress  i loved you   why have you forsaken me oh grilled chicken and linguine goodness?
sighh  bad day 
"had a really interesting weekend  all in all, too short though  monday is not welcome here "
"is thinking you know   there's always going to be someone to put you down, someone who thinks you don't deserve what you're working hard to get  but, to that i say, keep sippin' on that haterade, i'm in tune with my <propfemale> f-king player "
is spending her day off cleaning and working  how sad  lol 
just booked the hotel for south padre  soooo excited   smile 
"spent all day folding invoices and statements  don't worry <propfirst>, i didn't leave you out on the fun  check your desk when you get to work tomorrow  love, me "
"kinda wasted the day, but that just fuels my motivation for the rest of the week "
less than a week now   smile 
is sad to see my hunnie leave  i guess i'll just have to play my new dsi to pass the time  hehehe  laugh 
"was trying to fight my sweet tooth by getting on facebook, only to stumble on jing's pastry pictures  words  fail  me  must  eat  sweets  na0z "
"is being really thoughtful today  on the one hand, i have a long way ahead of me; on the the other hand, i'm alot closer than i was a year ago "
"didn't have a particularly great day, but can't shake this wonderful, happy feeling   smile "
slept in really late today  i guess i just really needed to catch up on some zzz's   laugh 
eating off the dollar menu: $1 getting <propfemale> from big lots: $1 a movie with my sister : $1 50 (jerks!) curing fiscal infarction: priceless 
"not ready to go to bed, yet every hour i stay up is one less i get to sleep   internet fun or sleep? decisions, decisions "
"made brownies, and they are legend    wait for it     dary!!!!  laugh  (amaretto toffee fudge brownies with white chocolate glaze  laugh )"
"let them say we're crazy  what do they know? put your arms around me baby; don't ever let go  let the world around us just fall apart  baby we can make it if we're heart to heart  and we can build this thing together, standing strong forever  nothing's go"
is working for the weekend  nooo!
yay! shark week has got to be my third favorite tv event!  laugh 
"is really ready to finish school and get on with my career, leaving the 9-5 bs behind me "
just found out that the two universities i'm looking at for my bs teacher certification don't participate in the teach <propmale> program  sad day 
decided that the birthday dinner is going to be at bdubs (buffalo wild wings)   smile  everyone's invited!!
weekends are too short  d:
got screwed over by t-mobile again   wtf people  seriously 
"is going to miss having wednesdays off  oh well, do what you gotta do i guess "
thinks <propfirst> is the sexiest man alive  > laugh 
just got back from the obligatory birthday dinner with the fam  yay free food!  laugh 
"thanks for the all the birthday wishes folks  it was a calm one, which is good   smile "
happy one year anniversary to the man i love   love  i can't believe it's been that long already  smile 
"ugh  this was an exceptionally long week at work  made new friends, made new enemies, and mostly made new goals for myself, and the semester hasn't even started yet! lol -__-"
thinks its criminal that companies charge ridiculous prices for class materials because we poor students have no choice but to pay whatever they want 
"everytime i get bogged down by the drama, i just gotta remember i'm not going to be here forever "
quit my job today in a very g way  (lol that rhymed!!)
feels really on edge right now   annoyed 
had to e playful lain why acceleration was negative in a freely falling body when the object had a positive initial velocity  *smacks forehead*
"just finished watching ??? ???  it was pretty good, i guess  not a whole lot of content, though  oh well  on to the next!  laugh "
is sick of staring at my physics book  e_e
"is trying to make rum raisin cookies, but it's not really working   annoyed  stupid humidity!!"
not ready to go to bed because that means waking up and going to class  boo 
i am officially hired as a lsc employee   laugh 
is it sunday already? boo 
"it's been a hard day's night, and i've been working like a dog "
is seeing red right now 
is starting to remember why people say i'm crazy for majoring in physics  @_@
had an interesting day  it was like whs reunion at pappadeaux's tonight 
whoots sugar is on the rc market today  laugh  stock up everyone!!
is hungry!! d:
who all is going to the ren fest this year? <propfemale> and i just bought our coustumes - so excited!!  laugh 
caught a cold   sad 
let's play beatles rock band! who's down?  laugh 
"was kinda sleepy, but all that stupid coffee kicked in, and now i'm wired   surprise "
"discovered mit's physics lectures on mit ocw, and they changed my life   smile "
had a long day   and it's only tuesday  ugh!
was supposed to be working  ah the joys of facebook!
finally got to meet the infamous <propfemale>; and <propfemale>'s dress came in the mail yesterday  (man that usps worker must've done something exicting     ha ha ha)
wtt my desperation for a little peace of mind 
"it's really funny how two people can be so consumed with their own hurt and shame that they can't see what they're doing to the other person  sometimes \i didn't mean to\"" really isn't good enough   annoyed """
had a nice relaxing day until i suddenly realized i have a midterm to take tomorrow  holy crap on a cracker 
spent the night working on a new project; whoots   laugh  and damn you online classes for making me take a test on saturday!! *shakes fist*
"got my dress for the ren fest today, but they left out part of it  d: let's hope it gets here before this weekend  who's down to go?  laugh "
"wonders why they give degrees to incompetent people, and worries for the safety of our children, lol! (p s  for all my nursing friends out there, please keep patient advocacy a priority or i will find you and kill you  lol jk, but seriously    i'm not kidding )"
 surprise 
yay!  laugh  <propfemale>'s coming home today!!  laugh  i can't wait   laugh 
is hit by the sudden realization that this semester is halfway over  e_e
is feeling very meg-like right now; i got locked out of my own house because everyone else got a key but me  lol 
what's your favorite halloween-themed drink?  smile  mine is a caramel appletini!  laugh 
just made a fresh batch of tropical jello shots!  laugh 
had a great night last night at the halloween party; now off to the ren fest!  laugh 
work work work then study study study  ugh  thank god i graduate in the spring 
"this is really random, but one time when i was younger i was trying to make money, but since i was 7 or so, all i could do was a little yard work here and there, and maybe some cleaning  so i made a flyer and refused to use spell check because i'm too proud for that  i ended up advertising that i'd work for minimum wedge "
"do me a favor, anyone of you who will, and pray for my friend <propfirst>  she was injured in the shootings today out in fort hood "
"second hilarious anecdote of the day: i was sitting in a chair eating some delicious beef jerky when my sister's cat ambles by  she climbs on the desk and tries to get in my lap, sniffing the back and looking at me e playful ectantly  i kindly bellowed, \no can haz cheezbuger!!1!\"" and she dropped her head and walked away """
all i can really say is rip jubelle   annoyed 
"no matter how old you get, parents can still be total buzzkills sometimes   annoyed "
decided to sell a textbook so i can buy modern warfare 2  i love where my priorities are!  laugh 
"iw: some players may find one mission offensive or disturbing  would you like the option to skip this mission? me: no, i will not be offended  iw: are you sure? if you answer yes, you will never be asked to skip this mission again  me: start the f-ing game already "
is it possible to be hungover from a game?  laugh 
can't wait to get home and play some mw2!!!! ahhh! 20 minutes feels like 20 weeks!!! d:
"\mindless cattle being shepherded into submission for the slaughter \"" sometimes i really feel that way """
boo fbook monogamy!
wants to play mw2 but must do homework    d:
"emo fbook status commencing in 3   2   1   : eff you; i don't need you or your judgements  if you don't like it, gargle my non-existant testicles  i'm my own person with my own ideas and i hate to say it, but i'm better off without you "
is about to sip on the leftover panty-dropper punch and play some mw2   laugh 
"forget i had a test due at midnight, so i open up my browser, and i get sucked into the youtube widget on igoogle  damn you youtube and your infinite entertainment!!"
"just found out her work computer has photoshop  it's only cs2, but i'll take it   smile "
"for lunch, i had a choice between mcdonald's and an organic protein bar  why on earth did i pick the protein bar?!"
is in her own world for the next few hours   smile 
"is really tired after staying up all night to watch the meteor shower, but had a blast   smile "
"gravity, thou <propmale> a he<propmale>less bitch "
"eff   it's the last two weeks of school  d: 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a billion <propmale> assignments due  screw you online classes and your everything-isn't-due-til-the-end system "
the best part about working for a college? we close at 4 smile 0pm today!  laugh 
"can't wait to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> <propfemale> nuon later!  laugh  i love you, daughter!!  laugh  (and you too <propfemale>!!  laugh )"
"i love you all, but i will not see you or daylight for that matter until after finals  good luck everyone!!  laugh   love "
"no matter where you go in life, always keep an eye out for <propfirst> the tackling alzheimer's patient "
bad news: it's snowing  ugh  good news: we close at 1pm today 
"could go for some baby back ribs right now    ya know, just throwing it out there   playful "
"yay! 1 final down, 2 to go   laugh "
at work and hungry  someone bring me some chicken nuggets! lol
is feeling the need to reconnect with family  thank god for fbook   laugh  haha 
"one more final to go!  laugh  can i make it that far, though?  annoyed  lol"
help: i need some <propfemale>'s (or off brand) and some <propfemale> whiskey - anyone got a few tablespoons they can spare? a delicious cupcake may or may not be in it for you if you do!
beer + halo = awesome; beer + halo + having to drive my mom and sister to the airport at 5am = not so awesome
"no matter how much sleep i got last night, i'm still drained from finals week  time to get ready for some indiana snow!  laugh "
"effing lone <propfemale> college man  wtf  i'm so pissed; apparently i'm on financial aid suspension and no one effing bothered to tell me until i called them  apparently all i can do is write an appeal letter, and that takes an additional 4-6 weeks which i do not have until tuition is due  i wouldn't care except this semester is over $1k for some god awful reason  effing bureaucracy "
still at st  <propmale>'s hospital   smile  my grandpa is doing good - word is they moved him to the floor (but still haven't confirmed that)   laugh 
on my way back to texas!! god i missed your lone <propfemale> ways  stopped in ar for the night; i'll be damned if i have to make it in one go again 
really really glad to be back in <propmale>   smile  time for dollar movies with <propfemale> richardson  laugh 
woke up wayyy too early for a terrible reason  d:<
"off to bed in a few  yes   that's right  early to bed, early to kill my \trainer\""    """
"is currently on the phone with effing wells fargo  this is the second month in a row they screwed up my credit card <propmale>, and the lady has no earthly understanding of what i'm trying to tell her  you guys screwed up, fix it before i rage "
spent the evening with some of my besties   love  then i ditched them all to play mw2!! lmao 
"well, another year passing by  how was 2009 for me? loved and lost? check  got addicted to xbox again? check  passed by the skin of my teeth? check  best friends abound? check  reminded why you can leave northwoods, but northwoods never leaves you? check, check, checkity check  i love you all   love  happy new year "
i'm home!!  laugh  but i missed almost all of the adventure time time marathon dx
"galveston tonight; it's going to be cold, but should be amazing like always   laugh "
so whose dumb idea was it to walk all the way out on the jetty and stand in the path of oncoming waves? d:<
"well, my dad's back in the hospital again with heart problems  nothing all that <propmale>, but he has been admitted to be on the safe side  at least this time it's not on my birthday  playful "
the almost official word is that my dad gets home tomorrow  yay!  laugh 
"really annoyed because i'm having a physics argument with someone over a friend's status  i know i shouldn't let that stuff get to me, but seriously? i don't know what i'm talking about? whatthefuckever "
"shouldn't be up this late, but can't help it  haha "
two things i'm trying really hard to remember right now: 1  hate is toxic  and 2  what angers you controls you 
modern warfare 2 is really the best cure-all for bad moods   laugh 
has a mw2 joke and can't wait to share it 
"okay, so i'm probably late in seeing this, but favre's saying there probably won't be a next season for him? no shit, sherlock  you're lucky i don't drive up to the land of 1000 lakes and make this your last season playing or spectating  d:<  nerdrage"
"some kid i know wants me to advertise his computer for sale  if you want something that probably has lots of pr0nz on it, and was probably covered in mystery liquid at some point, let me know  $800 "
why am i still up? d:<
had no idea what the ipad was until today when my professor of all people mentions it  d:
why do people insist on creating unnecessary drama?  annoyed 
"another wonderful day  bad things may happen, but it's all about getting your mind right   smile "
"today is a great day   laugh  first paycheck in over a month, og with <propfemale> richardson and then it's off to a movie   smile  plus i know someone who's going to rape tonight on mw2 - a mood this good can only lead to total destruction    of the enemy team "
i almost caught my oven on fire because i accidentally used wax paper instead of parchment paper  stop distracting me jhon 
"when it's this cold out, i just wanna snuggle under the blanket all day with you   smile "
is in a <propfirst> legend kind of mood today   laugh 
"wtf  you know what  act like a child and i'll treat you just like one  stop with the drama, please "
"i guess doppleganger week is over now haha  i had fun finding out who i looked like, and was pleasantly surprised  how about you guys?  laugh "
hates knowing that when i go into work on thursday i'm going to get yelled at  why do you have to tell me ahead of time?! d:
"according to urbandictionary com, <propfemale> means: <propfemale>'s are usually cute and pretty  have a good body and are smart  they also tend to be popular and silly and like to fool around  example: damn that girl is hot she's probably a <propfemale>  lmao "
just realized some professors should not be allowed anywhere near powerpoint     or a computer for that matter 
got paid for fixing my mom's computer in nuggets and bubble wrap!!  laugh  best mom evarrr!
"i hope you're doing okay  i guess i'm just really worried about you; so, let me know if i can make it better in any way "
c'mon steve    we've got a diem to carpe!!  laugh 
"suddenly feels like an idiot and out of control, lol  funny how these emotions hit you so far after the fact  i guess in those situations you just push through it until later when you can have time to react "
today on rc there's free chocolate for the fans!  laugh  http annoyed  playfi sh c9ezta
"feels accomplished   laugh  made a powerpoint template, did some research, and found a few potential topics for my current events speech, but i still haven't picked one  what do you guys think?"
super bowl time    fixin to get me some 50 nuggets   smile 
"i'm about to get disowned from my family for saying this, but work it out saints!!! geaux saints!!!"
got a date with <propmale>  too bad <propfemale> got the same time slot as me  a duel will be had!!!!! d:<
"btw, the infamous pro-life commercial was <propfemale> ambiguous that i didn't even know which one it was until i looked it up later  lol  eh  i'm pro-choice, but the commercial was nice "
i'm still full from all the nuggets yesterday  lol 
has spent so much freaking time fighting this virus on my mom's computer that i've named it  damien   my name is <propfemale> richardson  you killed my father's computer  prepare to die 
holy crap it's a small freaking world  facebook makes stalking so easy now 
"rip <propmale> the computer virus from hell (feb 3rd 2010 - feb 8th 2010)  on a side note, i'm making rib-eye and green beans to celebrate   laugh "
someone get me a free grand slam and bring it to work  i'm hungry and grand slam-less  d:
mother eff  i just got switched to the new facebook  dislike 
oh noes! my wisdom teeth are starting to grow in  hurts so baddd  d:
"ponder this: we all say we know better now that we're older, but what did we really learn? to avoid making mistakes by not even trying? to avoid getting hurt by not even taking the <propmale>? to get to the very top by betraying the trust of others? i say we know worse "
is wishing <propfemale> fullum luck tomorrow - she'll be talking to students at north <propmale> at noon!! go see her and learn all about l&d nursing!!  laugh 
just had some ushi sushi  best sushi everrr  laugh 
raped really hard on mw2 tonight  mmmmm so good   smile 
"got yelled at today by a girl who claims i was on the phone, therefore she was late in turning back her check-outs by a month "
"i love the line: \sometimes the only way is jumping; i hope you're not afraid of heights \"""""
it will never cease to amaze me how much drama can be created over one solitary facebook post 
is watching the olympics! heja sverige!!  laugh 
thought that just maybe it'd be a good idea to order a large pizza only to find out i can only eat 3 slices    poor pizza going un-eaten 
was i the only one who heard metal gear solid music during plushenko's introduction montage thing on the olympics tonight? i swear it was metal gear solid  lmao 
"is glad to see <propfemale> fibelkorn-hazenin h-town again, and can't wait for dinner tonight!  laugh "
"dear <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> pham, <propfirst> c  paez, <propfemale> fibelkorn-hazen, jhon <propfirst> castro     you guys!! og tonight?!"
"sampson ho and <propfemale> chan: official invite   playful  you guys are coming too, right?!"
yayyy!! sweden won gold on women's curling!  laugh  and usa kicked <propmale> ass on men's ice hockey today in the semifinals  after the first period i couldn't tell if it was hockey or football on ice - 6 nothing half way through the first period? unreall!!! lol 
all i have to say is f-ing taxes  fml 
phone died while at school  sadness  d:
"so glad i don't have a ps3 right about now  so tonight when i go home, i'm going to play mw2 and rub it alllllll in gaith's face   playful "
i hate it when people pique your curiosity about something and then refuse to tell you anymore information  it's really mean and makes me mad  i guess i'm just a busy body like that 
"decided not to waste the time off i was \given\"" yesterday - finished my entire formal outline for nazi speech class with references in apa format  > smile """
 rage: 1  stop complaining just because i gave you a computer that's next to people  no you cannot have the one that's by the windows because it doesn't work  it's empty for a reason 
" rage: 2  i'm sorry my proctor's broken hip is interfering with your ability to take a test, and yes, i understand that you'd rather spent 20 minutes stink eyin' me instead of using that time to drive to a testing center that's actually open  i'll be sure to let her know that her unconciousness is an insufficient reason to close the testing center "
"for the first time in a while, i woke up early enough to cook a decent breakfast and get ready for the day on my own time, not super rushed     it's nice, but i've discovered sleep is nicer "
who wants to help me make 15 celestial globes??  laugh 
"i know i said i was going to sleep as soon as i get home, but i feel like waiting for my sister to get home from work so we can gossip  playful  plus, hotel dash is calling me   smile "
"lots of celebrations today no matter who you are  pi day, st  <propfemale>'s parade, steak and bj day, and most importantly: my dad's birthday   laugh   love  happy birthday dad (although thank god you're not on facebook and therefore will not see this)"
happy birthday once again  i miss you all the same 
"ssdd? yeah, i guess "
march madness has officially begun; i've already told my boyfriend that he won't see me again until april 
"has a great day ahead of me  maybe a little shopping, a little movie time with <propfemale> richardson and hopefully lollicup with my man   smile "
villanova now too? what the heck is up with this year's bracket?!
omg!!! northern iowa is in the sweet 16?!
so far my predictions are coming true  west <propfemale> - keep it together!  laugh 
"how wrong is it that chemistry is my favorite class this year, yet speech drives me crazy? a 6-minute speech is due the monday right after spring break? fml  d:<"
"a preoccupation with the future not only prevents us from seeing the present as it is, but often prompts us to rearrange the past "
"so my speech teacher failed me because my cue card was yellow and not white  never mind my awesome 6 minute speech about penicillin that was actually interesting to listen to, never mind my awesome powerpoint that i jazzed up with lots of photoshop magic  apparently yellow = fail "
stuck at work until 9pm today  facebook time!  laugh 
washington is out for blood tonight! so glad it's slow at work so i can watch the game!  laugh 
"today is such a nice day!!  laugh  so nice, in fact, that i will actually get off facebook and or xbox and go outside!!  laugh "
new maps for mw2!!  laugh  i cannot wait!!
"if my boss wants me to make a flyer for him, he should let me do my job instead of letting me get started, then sitting down at my computer and deleting everything i did and rewording it the way he wants it "
can't   wait   to   play   new    maps    too bad the server is already crashing from so many people  d:
"dear 6 smile 0am, you really suck "
"got both good news and bad news today, so instead of freaking out about the bad news, i'm looking forward to the good   smile  btw happy april fools everyone, don't get too carried away now *evil glare @ a few people in particular*"
"busy day today!! my two favorite pimps ( c j  helweg and <propmale> m  <propfemale> <propmale>)  are joining the marines today, and i just dropped <propfemale> fibelkorn-hazen off at the airport  i'll miss her lots, but she needs to be with her kids (and maybe her xbox!!) good friday indeed   smile "
hates that you didn't answer one of my 10 phone calls  d:<
hates having tests on mondays d:
has decided that one week is hardly enough time to memorize functional groups in organic  learned that the hard way 
reason #45 to smile: sep's body flailing off the side of the platform in the background of the game winning killcam   laugh 
ugh!! why am i still awake?! dammit! goodnight  d:<
is trying not to be super excited - someone just called me while i'm at work and i think it's from one of the jobs i applied for!  smile 
interview friday - wish me luck!!
boo  i got a 98 on my chem test - there goes my 100 average 
happiest of birthdays to miss <propfemale> <propfemale> today   laugh 
wants to play l4d now d:
interview went well  here's hoping  laugh 
is sad that stuff costs so much money d:
too much thinking and not enough time sleeping makes me crannnkkyyy 
best cure for a long day? my hunneh treating me to og!!  love 
"barring a bad background check, i have a new job!!  laugh "
"side note: if you insist on honking at me while i'm in my parked car in a parking space, be prepared for me to do everything in my power to back out as slow as humanly possible  18 point turn, anyone?"
i am a pretty little girl wearing a pretty little dress!
"one step forward, two steps back "
why is it every time i try to go against my own nature and be romantic and spontaneous you don't cooperate? lol  fails 
you in every sense complete me 
about to walk out of these doors for the last time as an employee 
is excited for today to happen; its just the waiting that kills me 
trapped in an apartment with no foods - just an empty chick-fil-a bag taunting me mercilessly   sad 
is finally getting a <propmale> to make fajitas tonight! omnomnomnom!! who's coming?  laugh 
"thought i had gotten past being a work in progress? but, change is constant   playful "
"if i could write out my own dream for the next time that i sleep, you'd be the first one that i'd see, and i the last one that you keep  the dream would go on and on will we sway against all things thrown our way  the morning light would be so rude when it came; the sunshine and warmth to blame for announcing the end of my sweet dream "
oh my god that chem test raped my mind!!!
can't sleep     confidential 
"study breaks are great at first, but i'm slowly losing the willpower to actually finish studying "
omgomgomgomgomgomg portal is free on steam right now   laugh 
"fell asleep really early last night, effectively crushing my dream of sleeping in today  boo "
people are just real jerks sometimes 
rachie is edumacated now!
dinner tonight at mia <propfemale>'s  laugh  can't wait to see you guys there 
freaking mia bella      way to ruin the only graduation dinner i've ever had 
"thank you so much for all the graduation wishes   laugh  i wish i could say that i was done, but i've still got years and years of school ahead of me  one step closer, though "
"omg the light at kuykendahl and 1960 - you know, the new one that's supposed to help traffic flow better - is the reason i was killed by zombies  dammit!! -_-;;"
"seriously, i'm going to bed  d:< i promise  i mean it this time "
jag vill åker till sverige <propfemale>    
full-time jobs that start at 7am: facebook's archnemesis 
working hard sure is lonely 
"just got some estimates on some custom garb and accessories  why do i feel the need to waste so much money on happiness? oh, right  because it's happiness   laugh "
"lsc students: just a reminder that summer registration payments are due today @ 4 smile 0pm! the drop list is 4,200 students (over 50% of total registration) long - so quite a few people haven't paid! but that's good news if you need to register for a full class!"
got paid $97 more than what i predicted budgeted  awesome!  laugh 
holiday weekends rock    until the last few hours  d:
"i'm trying to play a good diplomat and apologize for my mistakes, but that just means i get told twice how wrong i am "
power went out at work  classes are not cancelled and i can't go home  booooo 
i'm sooo hungry  oh yeahh i have og leftovers!  laugh  omnomnomnom
i bought some nuggets on my way home and it cost me over $6 for a regular meal    and i died a little inside 
"a haiku about last night: air conditioning, broke sometime last night on us, whole family stink "
is trying not to let the family tendancies affect our supposed vacation next week 
whoot  2 vacations already on the calendar for this summer  hopefully i can add a few day trips in there somewhere   laugh 
i wish there was a stumbleupon button for my phone lol  i'm bored and lonely and su is the best cure for that 
"my phone was lost stolen disintegrated so i had to go through the hassle of going 5 different places just to end up calling the customer care line  happy ending, though - a brand new htc hd2 is on its way to my house any day   laugh "
"home from surfside - slightly more colorful than i was before, but i don't think i'd call it tan   haha "
god i miss android technology  this hd2 is giving me a headache 
"power went off at work again  can't decide if i'm happy or sad, lol "
damn you m  night shyamalan!!!!
making ramen cuz i missed out on epic bbq and my very own baked potato  *cries*
has picked up the lost <propmale> of embroidery   laugh 
"got a sudden inspiration to do some artwork - the kind that takes hours upon hours, but it's already almost 11pm - wayyy past my bedtime, but totally worth the caffeine buzz i'll have tomorrow "
"worked on some sacs all day long because someone dropped a ball or two, and of course slapped the sacs in my face  but that's alright, because everyone at work tells me i'm an e playful ert with sacs "
it has finally come   the day i must go to the dentist    *cries*
twenty minutes left   *gulp*    someone come hold my hand!! haha 
current emotion: blarrgsjhdhiejlekslkhrfffuuuuu 
"just heard an advert on the radio for step up 3-d, and it took me a few minutes to realize that this isn't a gta game, and that wasn't a spoof thought up purely for my entertainment  it's real, and it's really lame "
just bought pride and prejudice and zombies  i am so psyched!!
at work for almost 12 hours today?! boo  not even going to get overtime for it?! even more boo 
"i'm not grown-up; i'm something along the lines of grown-sideways or grown-diagonal  days like today when i don't even come close to grown-up, it's more like grown-tangential "
it is done  now time for spaghetti-o's and lots of laziness 
"if i had some nuts on my wall, would they be walnuts?"
watching <propmale> lopez fail over and over again at a game called limbo  lolz 
is finally back on my xbox and it makes me so happy   smile  why'd i ever stop?? oh yeah   life    annoyed 
"so yeah    birthday coming up, and i haven't even thought about it! haha  too busy trying to make sure y'alls grades get entered in the system and what not  you're welcome "
so i get my camera out to do some photography and my battery is completely dead and i can't find my charger  d: i think i just have to buy a new one  booooo! d:
i need to stop going to bed this late! d:
"what, you just learned how to make pancakes?"
"what, you just learned how to make pancakes, <propmale> lopez?"
"thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!!  laugh  now today is just missing one thing, but pretty soon that'll be fixed    "
my paycheck lasted about 6 days  i don't know whether that's exciting or depressing 
"not only is the laundry machine on the <propmale>, but this sad situation has forced me to actually think about monday morning on friday while i pick out what clothes i need washed at the boyfriend's "
"ahhhhh!! who insists we do schedule changes the week before classes begin?!? jerk-off  biology professors, that's who  all i know is some students are going to freaking pissed  ><;"
what the heck?!?! i actually got something done today!!     but i'm beginning to question whether or not it's some sort of practical joke dream drug-induced delusion 
totally did not realize that the sister i live with is currently in another state  (what? i just thought she was asleep?!)
gotta love 14 hour work days 
just used 5th grade math to disprove astronomy lecturer <propfirst> reneke  booyah 
"is making chilinus epicus, aka epic chili, once again~! ^^~ i'm in such a good mood!!"
"a professor at work yelled at me for losing something when he didn't even look to see if he had it  oh yeah, guess what? he had it "
no one has answered the one question i have about gaga's meat dress!! (how did they keep her from getting e coli?!)
word of the day: blarghflkjsjklksg
movies today with lele and chino was just what i needed   smile 
it's draft night!! whoot!! go phantom limbs!!! we are #0!!  laugh 
"i actually have a pretty solid line-up for my fantasy hockey team  ovechkin, hornqvist, and ehrhoff to name a few   smile "
being bad today and playing on fbook at work
the sign that i've officially moved in with jhon: i'm buying julbocken and a dalahast   laugh  *hej sverige!!*  laugh 
fixin to play some kinect  yeahhhhhhh  laugh 
"screw you guys, okay?! the kinect is awesome "
installed facebook for windows phone
happy birthday <propfemale> mesuria  laugh 
"two weeks off work, and spending one of them on vacay with my baby  smile  not to mention early opening of christmas gifts (i got a new dsi! yayy!)  best winter break evarrr"
"you know, i just had a thought  together, jhon and i now own every next gen system  *gamer geek squeal* which really only means we have too much time and money on our hands, and are total nerds "
is being enchanted in the land of enchantment 
colorado is suspiciously lacking snow  d:
"*as we are passing a deer crossing sign on the highway*\jhon: deer!!!   \me: where?!?!?!\jhon:         picture \me:               \me: bitch "
god bless travelocity and their top secret hotel rooms - they landed me in a swanky hotel (the academy hotel right next to the air force academy in co springs) for $25 a night  whoot 
"time for bed - tomorrow it's garden of the gods, then off to estes park!!  laugh  (hopefully we'll have more luck with the snow there than here)"
oh my gawdd    so may photos to photoshop!! dx
"it was a bumpy ride back to texas, but we've made it thus far  hopefully tomorrow's drive will be a cake-walk, and we'll be home in time for the adventure time time marathon!!!  laugh "
blargh  just job-hunting-proofed my fbook privacy settings  i fondly remember a time when potential employers used resumes and references instead of fbook and twitter to judge someone 
"i effing knew this would happen today  i know all in all i'm not that bad off, but i just feel really pathetic and miserable right now "
"stupid new zodiac signs dates  it used to be my family was a family of pisces and <propfirst>s  now it's an aquarius, pisces, cancer and <propfirst>  lol "
"got my first ticket ever today  it was just for an e playful ired inspection, but i still cried haha "
"it's a sad, sad state of affairs when i can honestly say that thanks to <propfemale> <propfemale> i now know when the super bowl is "
"so there i was spilling my heart out to jhon, talking about our love and everything he means to me, and he starts to stick his finger in my nose and says \i saw a bunch of hairs \""                   fml """
"dear lord some people have no shame!! and we all have room to grow and mature, but some more than others, especially when those people are yelling at you in a mass message over facebook "
i think people know exactly how to get under your skin  what is it with women and wanting to start so much drama over nothing??
rick-rollin' everyone at mcdonald's while getting my 50 piece nugget on!!
has ????? add   i've started 3 different ones in the past week   confidential  i can't help it if they haven't been that good lately  whatever happened to good story writing and believable characters? i miss watching ? ??? ??? and ????!!!
where would you guys go to eat right now? i'm hungry   confidential 
made garlic bread just because it's tasty  omnomnomnom
"dat <propfemale> vs  capcom 3!! x3  (but srsly, galactus is a jerk!)"
had a great interview yesterday   now just waiting to hear back  let's hope it's good news!! x3
got turned down for the job so i'm having a pity party of one   smile  dramen time!! (dramen = k-dramas + ramen)
"started a year in pictures type project, only i'm a little late  i hope i can make it work out - i need something to keep me going besides job hunting  lol!"
"made some <propfemale> car bomb cupcakes today~!  smile  chocolate cupcakes made with a stout beer (buried hatchet), filled with a chocolate whiskey ganache, and topped with <propfemale>'s buttercream icing  and yes    i made it all from scratch  (i'm so tired now e_e)"
"grrrrrarglkjs;kldjfm!!!!! ezio!! stop stealing from people when i tell you to run, thus turning the whole city of rome against us!! i'm so sick of old ladies getting punchy! and while we're at it, stop jumping off the side of buildings and killing yourself! i said jump straight to the rooftop, not left off the <propmale>!!!"
gah! flickr is soooo addicting! lol  laugh 
just had a blast killing <propfemale> <propfemale>'s scores on dc!  laugh   smile 
just started playing pangya again  you guys should join me!  laugh 
trying to trick my body into a new sleep pattern  it's fighting back   hard 
"still super lazy - extra time does not equal extra productivity  in fact, it's the exact opposite for me lately  hopefully i start work soon, and then i can get back to feeling like a productive member of society "
haven't heard back about the job yet  i'm getting pessimistic about stuff 
"\we'll all float on even if things end up a bit too heavy \""  love  music gods have once again made my day   smile """
"i forgot how much i love to just sit with some headphones on and blast my music   laugh  one of my favorite things, definitely "
yay!! march madness is here!  laugh  let's go boilers!  laugh 
"i think i lost my phone    that or i left it at my parents' house this morning, which i am currently unable to verify seeing as i have no phone  oh the irony  (p s  <propfemale> or gaith if you read this, please check for me!)"
"dear hd2, stop trying to get in me trouble during class with your random ringing  and stop deleting my text messages or hiding them from me  and stop freezing up anytime i have to do anything  i'm so fed up with your crap  i'm sorry, but i have to give you away now  i hope you find happiness with an owner who doesn't need to do anything with their phone ever and just wants a really e playful ensive paperweight "
got in the creative mood   i may or may not post pictures later  smile 
poseidonnn look at me~! x3 g'night everyone   laugh 
"just bought a new phone on ebay  i'm kinda apprehensive about it, but we'll see what happens   "
"i left my textbook on the back of my car at the gas station  i finally remembered it after 10 <propmale> and went back to get it, discovering it in the middle of 249  i'm pretty sure i caused a car accident or two and was inches from death, but dammit i got my textbook back!"
yayy i finally got my new phone  smile 
finally got words with friends - who wants to play?!!  laugh 
blarghhhh
at first i was like ~^^~    then i was like  surprise     now i'm kinda like ; ;
"yay! new new apartment with a great view, vaulted ceilings, and a fireplace  smile  not to mention it's huge! (twss?)"
