f4821feabdb53693ca150b0168b77040
is in pain  tearing some knee ligaments sucks   
is busy with visiting doctors and specialists all day today   sad 
yay for 2 days off    finally my knee will start to heal   smile 
4 hrs  down 12 hrs  to go     sad 
finally done with my 16 hr  shift  smile 
going to the north shore to e playful lore some pristine beaches   
going on a hike   
"back at the villa, soon i will be bobbing for beers =p"
wondering if we're going out on the town tonight   
"the magic 8 ball says     go down to the pool, and enjoy the rest of your vacation =p"
back home     annoyed 
had the best weekend even   smile 
sipping on some pumpkin beer
next up    shift 7 t_t
act iii; day 8: almost done    
i am depressed  what does he mean indefinitely     sad   crying 
kudos: tj is coming back tomorrow  smile 
decided not to join the millions at the bar this evening   
wishes his friends were in hawaii as well  sad 
another boring night in hawaii  sad   still wish my friends were here
"headed to the beach, fly out tonight, arrive in gr sunday morning ~6 am"
is back home t_t
"yeesh, i wish i had a camera     the pictures would have been epic!!!!"
just got a hair cut    probably won't recognize me    muahahahahaha     
"just watch boondock saint's 2: all saints day, on dvd  laugh "
it's st  <propfemale>'s day and gonna do some drankin' later =p hopefully those of you that want to join will show up early    cause i am not promising anything at this point =p
is online for the moment   
"yay for no battery, logging off  sad "
likes the new profile pic    but has absolutely no idea what he was doing at that time   
kickball was great on sunday    though my body is still feeling the after effects of it   
is happy the weekend is finally here     smile 
"is not sure if he should be happy about the new resident evil: afterlife film or not, though the trailers do look enjoyable  annoyed "
hmmm     anyone feel like going to the beach on saturday?
"school line up(for the summer) every tuesday, wednesday, and thursday: 7:50 to 9:50 am    looking forward to the bon-fire this tuesday night though    hope many of you can join  laugh "
kickball anyone?
"sooo, tired  sad  had to pull an all nighter just to get this stupid essay ready for its due date today  yay for work 4 hrs  after i get out of class    *insert sarcasm*"
looking forward to seeing the wings wipe the floor with <propmale>'s sharks again!!!
"bonfire at tj's, anyone need a ride up?"
"well, my mum had this idea that we had some smaller jeans (waist wise) in my closet    so we started looking and found a pair of size 36 inch waist khakis that looked too small to put on, though after some encouragement i went ahead and \tried\"" to put them on  to my astonishment i was able to fit in them   """
yay    beach day saturday    taking off between 12 smile 0-1 surprise 0 pm let me know if you would like to come along  laugh 
well    its finally that day!!! <propmale>'s graduation party  from what i am told the bbq starts @ 5pm  for those select few    we will have a toast to <propmale>; using 30 yr  aged scotch 
i'm an uncle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
"heading down to festival, hope to you guys there    "
looking forward to mopping the floor with th     
"yay, th is mopping the floor with us    and we're doing nothing but attacking them  sad "
"without cake, life doesn't matter  - myself"
down at what <propfemale> refers to as biz baz    chillin with her at mully's     thinking about going to the beach    any takers?
"looks like it will be a beautiful day, lakeside, if anyone want's to go to the beach give me a call, i'll be at work and probably won't answer, just leave a message   "
   
hmmm    it feels like somebody used me as a baseball   
one more day of class left  laugh 
"if you're brave, copy this into your status and see what people rate \you 1: crazy  2: i'd marry you  3: talkative  4: sarcastic  5: \lovable  6: club head  7: moody  8: dumb  9: spoiled  10: mouthy  11: \random  12: hot  13: funny  14: fit  15: amazing  16: beautiful  17: \cute  18: rude  19: simple  20: strong \\sounds fun =p"
hmmm    sleep sounds good  g'night 
"beach day!!!! all are welcome to join  give me a call if you need a ride, if you haven't already"
enjoyed almost getting hit by lightning last night =p
attack of the killer tomatoes!!!!
"looks like another dead saturday, perhaps i'll call it an early night "
yay for a day off      
"hmmm    going to beach tomorrow, any taker's?"
hmmm     beach day anyone?
rediscovered my love of pixar films  laugh 
i'm an immovalbe tree      i think you just moved me  - beach days
"going to mulligan's and possibly <propfirst>'s need to finish up what we (<propmale>, <propfemale>, and myself) started yesterday "
had a fabulous evening once i reached my bar (mulligans)!
saw mustard plug down at <propfemale> park's circle        needless to say i was yet again unimpressed 
"beach day saturday, nuff said "
hmmm    what should i do for the rest of my day off  annoyed 
"work, then beer movies (labatt anyone?), then breakfast in the morning  laugh "
yay for working on the one night <propmale> bliss decides to throw the party of the year  why oh why do you always have to pick friday  crying ''''''
"ummm    hanging out, probably taking a 4 hr  nap then up for anything late night =p"
sleeping more than 12 hrs  is really really nice  smile 
"so, after working 16+ hrs  i am quite tired, going to sleep, waking up at around 2:45pm to get ready for the beach all are welcome to join "
so         tired         laugh 
"yay, for 2 days off  to the beach i say to you dearest swine "
"i must say, i haven't had an afternoon and evening that was as spectacular as this one in quite some time  smile "
looking forward to this weekend ^^
in class  sad 
had a good night
"class, then target practice"
another boring night in g r 
hmmmm     mulligan's anyone?
apathy is something that is good to have from time to time 
"cable, internet, yet no t v  i wish i made more money  sad "
at the usual bar  come join if you wish 
i  love  friends  smile 
hmmm      sad  what the hell should i be for halloween this year?
needs to logout more often  der!!
"i really wish people would stop poking me    you do realize that by poking me, i will poke you back!"
headed to the b o b  any takers?
"yay, just deleted about 100ish \friends\""  smile """
"looking forward to deleting about 50-100 more \friends\"" that never talk to me never respond when i talk to them     tomorrow!  smile """
free hugs and back massages are going quick    get them before they're gone!
gotta work in the morning  crying  *regrets*
jager shots anyone? come on you know you want some    also on tap is 100 proof hot damn! cinnamon schnapps! join us in belmont now!!!
"yeesh, 4 hrs  of sleep in 48hrs  <propmale> <propmale> is feeling cuddly "
"to most of my friends, your lame    going to bed early on a friday night? really? really? oy, kinda annoying  sad "
just got into the grcc lpn program ready list!!!!
so    what's everyone doing this weekend?
"yay for sleep, oh how i've missed you these past 40 hrs  (this is what i was thinking 21 hrs  ago   )"
is watching jersey shore        
headed out to the <propfemale> *warm* side of the country    gotta  love  fl
#2 double out of the way    i wonder if i can reach 80 hrs  this week    only need 24 hrs  more =p
don't forget to pick up a mega millions lottery ticket within the next 21 hrs   smile 
"pre-gaming before founders, any takers?"
thanks for all the birthday wishes  this weekend was the best one i have had in ages!!!
"playing pool and drinking at my place, care to join? just shoot me a txt or give a call  and i will point you in the direction of your destruction   "
"so     finally got my head shaved    only way your going to see it, is if you <propfemale> out with me    i'm working this afternoon and tomorrow    good luck  =p"
headed to mully's cya there   
"yay for workings doubles    now, i get to enjoy 7 hrs of sleep and hop back to work in the morning   "
is shaving his head 
the sound system once again returns to the upstairs    perfect spot in the pool room  laugh 
i can haz cheezeburger?
"well, if my street isn't plowed by 1pm, i'm calling in for work     sad "
"well, hopefully i don't have to work a double today so i can atleast enjoy some football   "
got the scotch for scotch night   
methinks    a fever of 103 2 f is a bad thing     annoyed 
