f2a6f8d70b0f0885f9504e82acc5079d
having some doubts about 2010 but am crossing my fingers 
"day at the pike with the family! bubba gump, ferris wheel, gameworks, and a lot of walking! what could be better on such a beautiful, warm day   smile "
is attempting to get out of the house today 
"trying to rejuvenate after being sick for 3 days, no more rest as spouse took off for night of fishing  hmmmm, must be nice    "
"hoping to feel at least 90% better tomorrow, daughter has way to much energy to keep confined another day       (please, feel better, feel better, feel better      )"
"still not 100% but planning to drag myself out of the house for my daughter, she just has to buy a new \pet shop pal\""   smile """
"hoping for a warm monday to get some alone time at the beach   ahhhh      that sounds so perfect right now  ( please, please, please    )"
is     
"had a late start this am, hopig things move along quickly so i can enjoy some me time   smile "
"last day to recover, gimme strength"
actually shedding a tear watching <propfirst> jacksons black or white video  sad 
is getting prepared for vegas trip  planning to chill by the pool with family and maybe shoot a little craps   smile 
looks like another beautiful day here in cali!!!!!
"is ready to complete all the chores in time to take kids to the movies and the beach, and hopefully still have dinner on the table tonight  we shall see    "
is wondering why i am so full of energy when i have to work tomorrow and should be in bed     
is finally turning in               i never stay up this late  crazy!!!!! night night all!
is up and has another list of chores! sigh         
cruise by the coast alone may help 
"\ gonna make a change\"""""
"is afraid even with the hysterical conversations tonite, i will be unable to stop my mind from going one hundred <propmale> a minute "
"rockin and rollin in socal, we make the earth move!!!"
is wondering why friends you connect with suddenly disconnect 
is saying goodnight 
"is wondering if it is better to remain distant to prevent thoughts of change, or would that be considered avoidance of what is destined "
working tomorrow and will be arriving with a huge smile!
"turning in, busy weekend ahead  night all!"
"is waiting for everyone to wake up, breakfast is ready! busy day today with family and friends, wish i got more sleep "
"waiting for kids to wake up, so we can get out of here      again!  smile  gorgeous day, would prefer hanging out at the beach     "
"had a great afternoon skating followed by a swim in the beautiful ocean! now, unfortunately, mind is in thinking mode and feeling a little split in my thoughts          "
thinking will continue as i drive to lax to pick up my baby bro and sista <propfemale> 
"wondering why those who are suppose to love you the most, can be the most harsh in their words "
wondering if a day at the beach tomorrow may help release my negative tension       
"gotta run  wishing everyone a goodnight! class tomorrow, must be prepared "
is looking for inspiring conversation     
"needs to get a good night sleep for work tomorrow, but will i make it to bed early?????"
exhausted 
is wide awake preparing for the day 
"worked in am, <propmale> at the beach, stopped at a friends for a beer, made dinner, picked up daug at ymca, served family, dishes done, floor mopped, daughter bathed, son home from hanging out, and now getting a bit tired      still a lot to do and unable to p"
good morning my friends!  smile 
"wishing everybody a great day, with lots of laughter!"
"had a fantastic day, nothing can bring me down!  smile "
wondering what i shall do while my significant other is out of town fishing this weekend      hmmmmmm
enjoying a cup of <propfemale> jello with whip cream on top while watching ghost whisperer 
is lovin the lounging around tonight!
"is heading to the beach with my girl to relax for a few hours   \its a beautiful day \"""""
in deep thought 
is
is discovering that many of these quizzes may have some truth
"behind on my sleep, awoke this am physically and mentally exhausted   trying to reenergize, can anyone of my friends help me put a little pep in my step?  <propfemale>, where are you my friend?"
happy birthday <propfemale>!
"listening to some calming music, enjoying my time, waiting for my girl to get up "
"rise and shine! busy, busy month august is      yikes!"
"flexed this am until 0900, now my girl can sleep in, maybe surprise her with donuts this am  laugh "
"arrogant bastard chillin in the frig      kyong, will let you know how it goes down "
"hoping for a day that flows, didn't get off to good start to far     "
"finished enrollment for <propfemale> at ht, first grade here we come! yeah!"
is finished eating a great fish dinner c some scampi  yummy! now feeling the exhaustion kick in after a very busy day at work 
"finally able to sit down and jump on facebook  ahhhh    so tired, such a busy day "
stressed and hoping it will pass
"enjoying some fresh sashimi in the comfort of her own home, yummy!"
spending the day with my girl!   smile 
is wondering why i am still up     so tired 
good morning everyone! heading to work and hoping my sons first day of high school orientation at <propfirst> <propfemale> is a good one!
"ready to retire after a busy day at work  late start tomorrow, nice  smile "
"i love the quizzes! anyways, saying goodnight to all "
"son has access to fb, enjoying his laughter from the other room with the flair i am sending him "
"agghhh,,,, i am sooo tired! <propmale> did well first day of school, <propfemale> doesnt start for another week       give me strength to get through august "
"back hurts  sad   worked hard today, time to put my feet up"
inglorious basterds    what a movie!
"<propfemale>'s birthday today! 6 years old! big girl, 1st grade next week   yeah!"
"up and getting ready for yet another meeting, sure is warm already   hmmm, maybe beach and books for a little studying       "
"ahhh, jamba juice!  yummy!!!!"
"finished shopping for school clothes and shoes today, whew! <propfemale> is ready for holy <propfemale> next wednesday, yeah!"
"so tired yet still up, stuck on the oxygen channel today, 2 movies later and its already 1030!"
"first day of school for my little <propfemale>, 1st grade! she was all smiles! heading out for a new backpack and lunch box for my girl!  <propmale> enjoying high school, still cant believe how much he grew, my height now  ( no laughing ) have a great day everyone!"
"is burnin up !!  aghhh      this minimum day school thing is killin me this week, doesnt allow for any beach time   sad "
"should be in bed but about to do some homework  good night everyone, hope not too hot to sleep again       "
excited to <propfemale> out in long beach tomorrow with friends!
"up early and feelin like a piece of beef jerky  all day in the sun yesterday, and would not change a thing! gorgeous day!  thanks again <propfirst>!"
is       
is tired
"has completed all her reading for school and turned in answers to assigned questions for first group assignment  breast cancer screening interesting at cellular level but must admit, my head hurts "
"busy day at work, exhausted    yet here i am     "
is not at the top of her game today
"off to study again, should be interesting with kids yelling and screaming   calgon 1st?"
"between kids, school, work, chores, and feeling blah      time to get some rest  night all "
is trying to study and has now diagnosed herself with multiple diseases 
"up watching \ a league of their own\"""""
"too much studying today, my brain overloaded"
should be in bed sleeping but instead wondering     
"home after having some lunch and cruise by the beach in torrance  of course, the final cruise by palms in sp  what great memories held there   smile "
just finished playing go fish with my daughter 
"is tired, time to rest the body "
"sad     lost assignment due tomorrow, now have to retype everything   sad "
"just finished my assignment, saved and sent!  smile   time for bed "
"first note home from school yesterday, my daughter is a firecracker! please, please, please, calm the flame without putting it out "
is suppose to be doing homework but playing on farmville      go figure 
"also mentally preparing for work tomorrow with \j\"" in the house!"""
happy birthday <propfemale>!  have a wonderful day! we love you!!!
"home from cardiac symposium at good samaritan  lucky to drive with my pal, laughed on the way, and all the way back!"
"omg    so addicted to farmville, i am not doing my homework! agghhhh!!!"
is reading and doing homework assignment but sooooo ready to climb into bed 
"is waiting for her teen to get home from a dance at <propfirst> <propfemale>  trying to keep my eyes open, another hour  yikes! my little <propfemale> asleep on the couch, think i will cuddle with her and watch tv now  school      wait until tomorrow "
has 2nd degree burns on her fingertips  sad 
night night all     sweet dreams  smile 
"met with 1st grade teacher this am, briefly, to discuss serenas talking  says if it continues she will start a behavioral contract, wtf! it is like the 4th week of school, adjusting to 1st grade      u know i verbalized my concerns!"
"turning in now, big day at work tomorrow  night, night "
is exhausted
"tense this am after son missed his carpool, teenagers   surprise "
"recovering from a \very deep tissue\"" massage    yikes!"""
carpool time 
difficulty finding motivation today 
<propmale>'s prgress report   hmmmmm          
"<propmale> and i just had some sushi, but we both prefer sashimi with white rice  laugh "
up and ready for work  looking forward to working under a great nurse and close friend!
good day at work until my shoe broke     again 
"is busy, busy, busy! yikes    how will i get everything done!"
is getting ready to attend parent teacher night at <propfirst> <propfemale>   smile 
"is back from parent teacher night, and sooo tired  now trying to finish my homework  so happy no work tomorrow   so glad that worked out "
is assisting son with essay for class and has not touched her own  in need of a good nights sleep for work tomorrow    
is tired too 
"is trying to get some homework done, family from out of town popped in for une playful ected visit  looking forward to lying on couch, holding my girl "
"was able to sleep in, yeah!!! preparing for church "
"is trying to relax , even though there is homework to be done  busy week ahead   sigh                     "
"<propfemale> and <propfemale>,  i am unable to accept your drinks as i just finished my milk and cookies from <propfemale>  i have a milk moustache   laugh "
is tired this am  diffifcult trying to do homework last night with dilated pupils 
"midterm tomorrow, yikes! too busy to study all week, i need all the luck i can get "
is
ready for bed
"just dropped <propmale> at <propfirst> <propfemale> for confirmation orientation class until 3pm   smile  chores, errands, and <propfemale> to start gymnastics today   smile  my baby!"
is devastated     i can not check my farm!  sad  what is goin on?
"is irritated with billing departments  trying to understand how an office only sends out one statement, or final statement, with no e playful lanation of charges  interesting there would be a balance since i have dual insurance  will try to remain calm when i call them next week     give me the strength   "
needing to focus on homework tonight 
"is going to do it       thats right       drink full leaded coffee tonight! yikes! my good friends know 1 2 cup of 1 2 caf and that is it, well, too much to do and need help!!!!!"
"sniff, sniff       its brewing "
"is suppose to be reading but stuck on fb    worst thing is, i can not access farmville  yikes!"
is cherishing life as you never know when time is cut short 
"my baby girl is finally feeling better and son will be home by 1100, better get some studying done    this weather is not for me, as much as the sound of the rain is calming, the view outside is unwelcoming "
has a headache
is exhausted but had to check my farm  i am thankful for the wonderful nurses i work with in icu  thank you all for your support and teamwork today 
"must be tired, actually slept in until  0900  strange  trip to carestation with many others  this afternoon  sad  ,  bright spot, get to watch <propfemale> at gymnastics practice today "
"halloween   my favorite holiday  thats right, i get to pretend to be someone else for 1 day!"
is so tired      of being tired   sad 
"is hoping to gain some energy overnight, back to work in am "
is waiting for classmates to meet online         
"wondering why i never put my daughter in t-ball after i saw her throw her pumpkin across my front room   oh yes, very long time out "
"gotta jet, paper due before midnight too  <propfemale>, feelin the pressure too, good luck  goodnight everyone, sleep tight "
"is taking <propfemale> to gymnastics, followed by birthday party of dear friend    just what i need, a normal day   smile "
"trying to rejuvenate and get some things done    however, not lookin like that will happen  turn in early after a night of pizza ! yummy!"
"just finished some homework, getting too sleepy to read, maybe another hour     hmmmm"
turning in    good night all 
is cold  brrrrr        confidential 
"is looking forward to using the giftcard i won for an hour long massage today! yeah, sure need it!"
"guess i picked the wrong costume this year, should have been a devil "
looking forward to a good nights sleep    
"needs to get the hell off fb and get some homework done     sheesh, i can not focus  sad  ( but my farm looks real nice)"
"is getting it together this am, the best i know how "
is tryin to get the household in order so i can hit the books      again 
"is tired of school, sigh       "
a lot to do      as usual  will have a break to catch up on some reading 
"getting the house in order, hmmm, seems like i have done this before       oh, yeah, thats right      i do it all the time "
"had a wonderful, steady day at work   laugh "
"ahhhh, friday!  laugh "
spent most of my day doing absolutely nothing  when does that ever happen?
"chillin at home, everyone doing there own thing "
guess alitte flair happy tonightm laugh 
"a christmas <propfirst> 3d was pretty good, took the kids and they seem to enjoy it "
"signing out to catch up on some reading, plus work tomorrow  night all!"
"tended to my farm and aquarium, now too tired to do homework  not lookin good     "
"half day at ht, now rushing to get chores and homework done before my little one is out, plus, parent-teacher conference ( should be interesting )"
"just received my sons cops testing, showing his highest result science professional! my baby boy    funny, i knew this before the test   follow your dreams <propmale>!"
good morning all! celebrate our veterans!
is hoping for a serene day tomorrow at work      
wishing everyone a goodnight !
thank you all for the wonderful teamwork and support today! goodnight!
"no fishville requests my peeps, too much work for me to keep up "
is so sleepy  (yawn)
trying to study but keep finding myself on fb     darn it!
i am so happy! increased my level on farmville and finally able to plant my favorite flower!! yeah!!!!!  laugh 
ready to get some chores done!
"thankful for such a beautiful, warm day!  smile "
"my little one feel asleep at the table after having her hot cocoa, so cute "
"it amazes me how some people can be cruel to another person and think nothing of it  these are very self centered people, who only care about themselves  god help those who fall into there trap to be manipulated "
"feeling great today, time to get out!"
"why did i have to drink coffee this late   and it was 1 2 caf, sleepy and here i am on fb "
"(yawn) sleepy time, nightie night all "
"night all, work tomorrow  happy thanksgiving "
"surprised how fast christmas has hit! music, lights     yikes! maybe i am just getting slower       "
very thankful for my children 
is falling asleep
"one child down, one to go       "
"feeling bad that i was unable to assist my son this am and at the same time, disappointed that he can be so absent minded  sad "
not happy with the present weather  sad 
has errands to run but can't seem to get out the door    not my time of year 
"actually looking forward to work tomorrow, deep thinking brings me down   especially this time of the year "
is feeling good about the new year!
"has actually started christmas shopping today and not too many people, it was wonderful! tomorrow church, and christmas tree!  smile "
had a very full weekend 
up & ready to start my day!
"it has been a very long day, and it's only 230  (sigh)"
"last day of school for my children, happy to have them home with me!"
needs to finish shopping! yikes!
home from 2nd christmas party this week and had a wonderful time! now off to bed for work tomorrow 
busy day    thankful for such a wonderful icu staff!
slept in and getting ready to finish shopping! hope i dont blow away!!! yikes!
"spent some of the day trying to rescue a family member, however, the help was not needed or asked for     frustrating and sad at the same time "
so many things to do but just want to slide back into bed 
time to start cookin!
is wondering if 1330 is too early to have a crown and seven        my kids are driving me crazy!
"in remembering those we have lost, memories begin to flow and special traditions continue on     wishing all a <propfemale> christmas "
"is not liking this cold weather, ran to bath & body works, got what i wanted, and back home  want to curl up on the coach, watch a show, and a nap  ahhhh, rejuvenate for work tomorrow   "
is tired 
goodnight everybody!
is watching <propfemale> make a cupcake for her brother with her new cupcake maker   smile 
is wondering where everyone is spending new years <propfemale>      
is sleepy
"hoping to sleep in tomorrow    sigh, how wonderful that would be"
needs to find the motivation to get all my errands done and chill before 2 days of work 
"cozy next to my babygirl on the couch, she is my sleeping beauty  smile "
wild n kinky    
it is a beautiful day!
happy bithday <propfemale>!!!!!!  hope your day was a good one!!!
is drained
"worked less than 6hrs today and lovin it! kids homework done, smoothies for all, and now watching the \office\"" taped by my son  nice """
"yikes   rainy out, guess i have to go curly today  smile "
thoughts and prayers to <propmale> korthes family     
this is a cool one     http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ji5soo-xnvu
is very tired from all the running around today 
up and ready to roll out!
"is spending the day in, gathering donations for goodwill "
is planning to be in bed extra early for work tomorrow  hoping for a smooooothhhhhhh morning  (pleeezz)
hot & steamy ( of course)  smile 
"everyone in bed, sitting, watching \the office' while messin around on facebook """
is saying goodnight all!
"thank you, everyone, for all the warm birthday wishes! will say goodbye to an old friend today "
"hard to e playful lain but even though we said goodbye to a childhood friend today <propfirst> korthe, the old friends and families of holy <propfemale> that were brought together, filled my heart with all the wonderful memories once shared   remember to <propfemale> those you have ,as you never know when they will be taken from you  thank you all for the birthday wishes and all the memories  much love    "
"remembering another, today is <propfemale> ruggeros birthday "
"work day but with this rain, rather stay in bed"
"headed out to shop a little with \ mini me!\""  smile """
"will be pissed if while i am at work tomorrow, it turns out to be a nice day "
"is out for the count, bedtime for me    early rise! hope everyone has a great sunday! wish me luck on a \smooth day \""  although a little excited sure gets me goin!!!!  smile """
is taking a nice deep breath  smile 
"grey skies, again     "
"wishing my ear would stop popping, open-closed-open-closed   muffled, clear, muffled, clear     aghhhhh!"
yikes    overtime
still has a horrible headache  sad 
is up but moving very slowly
"here i am stuck on fb when i have reading to do for my class, that starts tomorrow  yikes!"
"<propfemale> is sooo excited about open house tomorrow! i am thankful for working with such wonderful nurses, especially for one who is making it possible for me to attend this important function  thank you so much!  smile "
"is off to bed, night night all "
"good morning everyone, especially my farmville neighbors    i need to finish my stable  as  my horses are cold   please help me by sending me some building materials  thank you  smile    now time to get moving   grocery store, breakfast, open house at holy <propfemale> then to work "
"has been running around and now picking up baby girl, minimum day today!  smile "
"finished reading chapter 2, now must start on first writing assignment "
is so done for tonight
"does not like the new facebook, may have to delete my account  i dont like change "
"sorry for all the pillows, checkin out site and all sent without my press of the button  yikes!"
"too tired to doing any reading now    trying to choose between coffee or crown & 7    hmmmm, so difficult"
"just sat down to do some homework, yet here i am on fb  wth!"
"back from the beach, gorgeous day to <propfemale> out "
"is exhausted after a busy day at work, but doesnt stop there   now, checking homework, ordering hot lunches, checking homework and assignments, balancing work schedule, etc       when all completed, a nice cool crown & seven waiting for me  son is waiting for me on the couch to watch \ the office\""  smile """
"a little extra sleep this am, so why do i still have a headache????"
is excited about participating in the holy <propfemale> parish nursing h1n1 clinic tomorrow night!  smile 
"homework, homework, homework         agghhhh!"
ready for what i am dealt today!  smile 
is relieved to hear that her daughter doesn't want to be a hobo anymore     now she wants to be a singer   smile 
"has decided to chill tonight, no homework   simply to tired  goodnight "
"is getting a second wind  errands today, homework, interview, homwoek,picked up serena,homework, made enchiladas for dinner with my aunt, kitchen cleaned up, ready for homework but remembered parish mtg at 7pm     oh well, maybe a \third\"" wind!  smile """
"to my farmville friends, i am still in need of 4 harnesses and 1 horseshoe, if you could help me    my poor horses are cold"
thanks everyone for your concern 
"i am so tired, so homework must wait "
lost in translation
is focused
spent the evening looking through old pics with my aunt   night well spent 
"ahhhhh, ice cold drink, just what i needed       smile "
"happy birthday <propfirst>!!!!! gorgeous day out, enjoy!!!"
"homework complete, headed to bed  night all!"
"birthday party, lunch, movies and dinner      so very tired but well worth it "
gorgeous day today!
is suppose to be finishing papers
"hangin with my babygirl at the beach today, absolutely beautiful! now back to my busy life       "
"yikes! <propfemale> jumped out of bed, excited for easter egg hunt at school plus hangin with her big buddies!   laugh   ahhhh, simple happiness!"
"lots to do, where to start       "
"<propfemale> had fun coloring eggs     my table was soaked, few eggs dropped and most of them colored brown  not as bright as i had anticipated, but she sure had a good time "
fantastic easter at home!
"nothin like a little \rock n roll!\"""""
"told my daughter it is already noon and maybe she should get in the bath now, her reply, \ahh man!\"""""
is up and ready for the day!
nothing like a night out with friends colleagues! now drinking some 1 2 caf and back to the books !
yeah    sunshine where have you been!  laugh 
"is seeing her calander fill up and feeling a \tad\"" stressed """
"goodnight all, time to get some sleep after a long, mentally draining day    homework will simply have to wait "
"so happy my son tapes \bones\"" for me to watch in my leisure """
"gloomy saturday, what happened to all that beautiful sunshine  summer is around the corner!"
"exhausted from work but getting my second wind, hope it lasts for another hour "
"is it that difficult to indicate with a blinker when you are turning, or even pulling overto the right      damn people"
"pans that do not stick, any ideas my friends?"
hoping to get to bed early to be well rested for work tomorrow 
"eager to end this class, anxiety with last paper due      "
it really irritates to get an eobs stating they will not pay because the drs office filed it over 1 year too late! please pray for the person i will be talking to today
paper submitted and hoping for the best 
"too much sugar for me today       confidential  talk about running out of gas, almost crawled out of work, or special k could have wheeled me out on her back pack"
chillin
"ahhhhh, slept in until 0830    wow! amazing! now feels like i am behind "
smiling
"feelin good after a refreshing crown & seven, just what i needed to relax"
solid a in my class! yeah!!!
"is so proud of my boy, bronze medal in latin!"
happy birthday stash!!!!!!!!
"is watching <propfemale> dancing & singing to some oldies ( ok, so am i)  laugh "
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense \responsibility  you step into people's lives\& make a difference  some bless you, others curse you  you see \people at their worst & best  you see life begin & end  you see \people's capacity for love, courage, & endurance  ? it's nurses \appreciation week  repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse, and or \appreciate a nurse"
"beams, mat, parellel bars     love attending <propfemale>'s gymnastics class   smile "
sleepy
"happy mothers day! enjoy your moms on this special day, and the moms who have left us too early in this life, rest assure that they are gazing down on you from heaven  \mom, i miss you so much     thank you for all the wonderful childhood memories "
lines      aghhhh!!!!
"5 hours of work, not too shabby  wink "
"hurry up sun, where are you        "
bath time     for my car  smile 
"daughter refusing to do homework, said \ i need a maid to do my homework \"""""
"ahhh, i feel it, summers right around the corner  laugh "
i am not liken the call on our lakers so far
"lakers,  hell ya!!!!!"
soooooo sleepy      night all!
welcoming sunshine  laugh 
feelin sleepy
"sister week!! if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status ? sisters are suppose to be a promise from god that we will have a forever friend  i love my sisters!!!!! i love all my sissy too"
"man, this was a very long week        so tired, energy where are you!"
is happy it is the last day of school for serena     yipee!
is looking forward to greeting her new nephew in a few months! congrats to my baby bro and sis! love you both very much!
"yikes!chest pain is back, summer is suppose to be relaxing "
"they say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship   these types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live   repost this if you are blessed enough to have at least one friend like this "
is hot and lovin it!
"chapped lips, ouch!"
"ahhhh, what is goin on outside with this weather        goin back to bed   sad "
"will be dreaming of warm weather    night, night"
"is wondering why my teenager has not,yet, left the house this summer "
"is watching <propfemale> play tennis on the wii, gotta keep this one very busy  laugh "
"beautiful overcast sunday, how unusual       agghhh, where is my sunshine "
time to catch some zzzzzzzzz's     night all!
how is it that the sun is shining and i am in the house       ?????????????
"upestting to read of a murder right here in our own town san <propmale>, a 10 year old student at holy <propfemale> school murdered by her mother, 10 years old  sad "
"yeah!!!! \sunny days    \""\""  laugh """
"is finishing up at <propfirst> <propfemale> fiesta, hamburger booth    rocked! smile "
"a daughter will hold your hand for only a \little while, but will hold your heart for a life time  it's\daughter \",f2a6f laugh 70b0f0885f9504e82acc5079d,"if you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun,\who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just \by being around - copy and paste this to your status  ?   your son will\outgrow your lap, but never your heart!"
"wow, legs sore today, quite a bit of running around yesterday but still plan on wearing heels  smile "
is happy  smile 
"boys out for fishing trip tonight, just me and my girl  smile "
is excited to pick up new puppy on wednesday  laugh 
is excited to pick up new puppy on wednesday!!!!!  smile 
is relaxing at home
was jogging for the first time with ezio!  smile 
is mentally exhausted        
"has finished registering and paying tuition for one child, now just one to go!"
is wondering
"was listening to ezio whine from the kitchen,blocked by a gate, and suddenly crash- and he appears at the side of my bed!"
is fatigued
"is up, up and away!!!"
"happy birthday to my little girl, <propfemale>! big \7\"" years old today!!!! i love you babygirl!"""
i love satellite radio!
can not believe it has been 18 yrs today that my dad & nonna passed away       the memories of that day are so crisp & clear 
satellite radio has brought me delight   my favorite <propfirst> ant!
"enjoying my weekend off     much needed and am catching up  laugh  now time for fried shrimp, ahi ahi, and steamed asparagus     yummy!"
has a severe headache and finding it difficult to study for quiz (sigh)
lcmh picture in daily breeze today! very proud to be a member of providence healthcare!
"is attempting to finish a powerpoint due on friday, staying focused is the hardest part      breaktime!  smile "
"back from a visit to vet for my little ezio, sat next to an elderly hispanic man desperately holding his chihuahua  assisted him to his feet to take his puppy in, he returned with tears in his eyes     his little one had an mi   sad "
is back to the books     but would rather retire early
wishes she could lounge all day
is wondering why this headache has lingered for sooooo long
is always finding other things to do than the homework that is due 
"is attempting to finish a group paper but finding myself watching tv, playing on fb and checking my work email  focus       focus     "
nighty night all       time for some beauty rest 
had a great day at work today and looking forward to some office work tomorrow  smile 
feels like an ice cube  sad  so not my weather       
thanksgiving    day to appreciate
"thanksgiving, day to appreciate     wishing everyone a cozy holiday and here's a shout out to my baby bro <propmale>- happy birthday!!!!!!!love you so much!"
"to my little company peeps, does anyone have a parenting book i can borrow tomorrow for an assignment?"
"always nice to come home to find you ugg boots have been chewed apart by your dog       hmmmmm, who was watching ezio tonight????"
"home from <propmale> potter, somethin i just love about these movies       this one left me hangin for the next"
"has finished her exam on-line! yippeeeee! class almost over, will enjoy some time off until next year!!!!"
t
"?i don't need an angel on my christmas tree, i already have one in heaven looking down on me          put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this christmas!! ?"
does not like this new profile <propfemale> and is very upset that i can not go back to how it use to be  sad 
must focus    
"a long day at work , i think i earned this ding-dong  smile "
"got stuck on the way home from work on western, dui check point    "
rain  sad   so not good for my mental health
do not think <propfemale> will be sleeping tonight      putting cookies out now & says she is stayin up until midnight 
<propfemale> christmas everybody!
thank god for the sunlight shining into my backyard     this rain almost put me over the edge 
omg!!! more rain!!! aghhhhhhhh!!
"actually stepped out into the cold weather to take my daughter to see \tangled\"" and aunt went along for the ride """
yikes! it is chilly out!
what lies with in ur eye's -- my result: passion  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 744615 referrals status?aid=679712448
enjoying a nightcap while watching the lakers 
 love 
"focus, organize, plan of attack"
awoke to find my refrigerator contents rearranged
is resting
 love 
"midterm today, hmmmm, wish i had time to open my book (sigh)"
"hmmm, wish my paper could write itself "
money does not bring happiness    when will people learn 
"so happy having 3 days off! the weather has been gorgeous with a great day at the beach yesterday for rest & relaxation, followed by quality time with my godmother  smile "
"missed the traffiic to irvine, yeah!"
drained
"happy easter everyone! family, food, and fun!"
give me the strength
"very sad to see what greed does to people  keeping the faith and believe the truth shall prevail  \thanks to my husband for being such a support in the loss of aunt <propfemale>  i know how much she meant to you  no one will ever know the relationship you two shared  my family was blessed to have her with us all these years and we are glad to have been there for her through the most difficult times "
father's day & mom's birthday      wish they were here  love you 
"i was raised to say please & thank you, to have respect for my elders, lend a helping hand to those who were in need, hold the door for the person behind me, say excuse me when it was needed, and to love people for who they are, not for what you can get from them! i was taught to treat people the way i want to be treated  if you were raised this way too, please re-post this    wondering who will post??"
"wow, what a nice saturday! yeah, sunshine   smile "
"i have a 1 year old doberman, his name is ezio mateo  he is a fullbred and has not been neutered  if you know anyone who is interested in buying my baby, please have them contact me at my email that is listed  he is a beautiful dog, great with my kids, and has a lot of energy  great watchdog "
should not be up right now  annoyed 
treating myself to color
is so happy to become a godmother to my handsome little <propfirst> next week!!!!
couple of hours at the beach is better than none at all      caught a much needed nap 
"excuses, excuses    "
my house is an oven      agghhh
decompressing
"<propmale> and i go to have pizza at nikos, which was delicious and we were excited to take the leftovers home until i knocked the whole tray on the floor "
7 5 inches  sad 
"beautiful day and i am indoors, wth!"
mondaze          morning everybody!
"draining day, hoping that <propfemale> shows her face soon!"
"so, one child turned 16 last week, now the next turns 8 tomorrow- one already returned to school and preparing for 2nd one to start soon- man, august is busy!!!"
"waaayyyyy past my bedtime, zzzzzz"
"big birthday shout out to my little girl, <propfemale> is 8 years old today!!!"
"is hittin the books to ensure a free day tomorrow! hopin i can get it all done, wish me luck  surprise "
"where is my sunshine? hellloooo, this is my day off with my girl           "
"wow, so very tired after a very busy day               so why can't i sleep  annoyed "
i swear school is going to kill me  sigh      
"i believe i have a pressure ulcer forming from sitting at my computer alllll dayyyy longggg doing homework, and still not done!  sad "
"artist soulja boy, has released a new song that includes the phrase \f&*$ the army troops\"" he contiues on to say how \""hard\"" and \""real\"" he is and how \""fake\"" our (vets) are  i am going to test the power of social networking and see if this reaches him", but anytime he wants to defend that statement i know a lot of people who would gladly oblige   smile  do me a favor and repost! military and civilian!\f2a6f laugh 70b0f0885f9504e82acc5079d,"slept in and still tired       really? with this weather, i should crawl back and hibernate "
"o! say can you see by the dawn’s early light,\what so proudly we hailed at the twilight’s last gleaming,\whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,\o’er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming\and the rockets’ red glare, the bombs bursting in air,\gave proof through the night that our flag was still there;\o! say does that star-spangled banner yet wave,\o’er the land of the free and the home of the brave!\\god bless our country!"
"i want to extend to my fellow staff and colleagues how proud i am to be apart of such a fantastic icu team! the opitimal ,compassionate care you provide to our patients and families everyday       thank you!!!!"
"still doing homework, really????? so very sleepy  zzzzzzzz"
the feeling of failure sure can get to a person 
i love to pick up my son at <propfirst> <propfemale> high      it is so peaceful up here 
it is always so nice and peaceful this early in the morning      i do love getting up early 
