ca33934a58e6a8ef48b5c8972272b564
is getting ready and excited to head down to <propfemale> <propfirst> to start his summer job at camp harmon 
is still missing his phone and apologizes profusely for not picking up 
"has tried relaxing, potassium, and even tylenol pm, but still cannot get to sleep  grrrr     (the half asleep variety) "
has kicked kiester on his tests this week  laugh 
had a blast from <propfirst>'s 21st birthday!  laugh 
has realized that he cannot breakdance  sad 
papers and presentations and exams! oh my! my appologies for my increased hermittude this week 
"just got back about 40 minutes ago from a beautiful christmas party in san <propmale> with good friends, <propfemale> singers, and sinfully delicious brownies   smile "
"better late than never, but i'm still proud of my dad for receiving his master's degree last friday from usf!"
cannot wait to get his blasted presentation for adolescent psyc over with!
"as it says in faces, chapter 3, verse 14: blessed are the random, for they shall inherit very odd conversations   smile "
just finished a dance recital at crc and had one of the best performances with the lovely miss bean   smile  now on to homework!
has just received his bachelors!  smile 
is packed and ready for the clu vacation in <propmale>!
is an official grad student as of 1:45pm pst  bring on the student debt!  laugh 
samba line dance is the gateway dance
"is getting ready for the car wash this saturday, july 24th at bruceville terrace on 8151 bruceville rd from 9-3 smile 0  its $5 per car wash and an extra $5 for food while your car is being washed  the money will help purchase bingo prizes and improve the activities programs for the senior residents  come by and invite your friends!!  smile "
is thankful for everyone who helped with the carwash yesterday! we washed 43 cars and raised over $300 for the activities of the elderly residents at bruceville terrace  smile 
"it is official: i've been accepted at <propfemale> <propfemale> university, and i'm officially enrolled in 9 quarter units of counseling psychology!"
has finished his first two official classes of grad-school last night at 8 smile 1pm!
is attempting to crank out his 10 <propfemale> paper with the help of coffee and allergra 
has cramed about 4 chapters of reading into his head and is about to get jiggy at an apb dance 
"fake (+)(+), perfect (o)(o), perky ( wink ( wink , cold (^)(^), and even grandmas \\o \\o , big ( • )( • ), or small ( )( ) save them all! october is breat cancer awareness month!!"
"like my status and i'll: 1) tell you something i learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds, 2) tell you what color you remind me of, 3) tell you my first memory with you, 4) tell you what animal you remind me of, 5) ask you something i've always wondered, 6) tell you my favorite thing about you, 7) give    you a weird nickname, and  smile challenge you to post this "
"i just got back from a night of getting jiggy with it, dance battling a girl who looks like a rocket dancer, and getting a <propfemale>, apple, and razberry slurpy from 7-11 with my roomates! in short, awesomeness was to be had (and 2 lbs to be lost) "
10 <propfemale> papers on painful childhood memories suck!!! ><
has just knocked out 3 of the most emotionally grueling papers he has ever had to write   laugh 
"is feeling like a g after a fantastic night of dancing at the the <propfemale> burke dancehall in mountain view! not as fantastic as the ballroom, or without my friends, but its so great to be able to actually dance while couped up down here   smile "
"has turned in his cpsy 218 paper, resolved his class crisis, and can now relex with his cold!  laugh "
has finally turned in his blasted correctional counseling paper and can finally enjoy being 24!
has just learned that he has officially recieved two a's and one b- for his winter quarter classes  now his gpa has gone from a not passing 2 7 to a 3 1  let the celebrating begin!  laugh 
