d99a528e775d8ede7131a9f4e2c00397
being sick sucks
i have a very bad feeling about this
only 7 more days!
headaches suck!
i fear for the freshmen teachers at the start of next year 
to upward bound we go    tomorrow 
i didn't notice how tired i was until i got home   then passed out for an hour   
gah! bug bites suuck!
"ub is over and done\through the right it was a lot of fun    did i seriously just rhyme?"
"easily more than 1k in fireworks, about 600 for destroyed property, and a few dozen burns on more than 4 people  it was a good fourth of july!"
"well, i'm in <propmale> living with chippy, and its pretty boring "
back home and ready for a nap 
i finally got the much needed hair cut 
something just hit my window    i am kinda paranoid now   
gamer is a funny movie 
i am going to go insane trapped in this house 
going down to <propmale> next friday thru sunday 
i have a strange urge to watch avatar again   
"my headache just got much worse \i just saw the trailer for the <propfirst> movie   "
i'm back in scottsbluff 
"the lake was really fun today, and it was good seeing my friends "
"i feel like a huge nerd now \i just pre ordered halo reach "
can't wait for school to start monday 
"i love using cleverbot com\the <propfemale> is funny "
saw the knew laser cutter the school's drafting program got  it looks awesome and i can't wait to use it 
a rock just hit my window    isn't the first time    i'm scared   
"http annoyed  www funnyjunk com funny_pictures 356076 surviving+the+world+1 \i would really like to recommend this to a few people   "
"just got back from the badlands, it was pretty sweet "
it is done! i finally finished getting all of my sister's stuff out of my car!
"kickass is the most awesome movie \ever!"
"badlands again today, pretty fun    really sore now though "
thanks for all of the happy birthdays everybody!
my friends are the best!
woop woop woop woop woop woop woop!
asdf movie on youtube is the best thing ever    its hilarious!
reach is tomorrow!
never would have realized how easy a problem is to solve from a different point of view 
how did we meet? (copy this as ur status and see who remembers)
"youth group was totally worth it, and it always is "
my tech voodoo has brought the sega to life!
i hate milkshakes    die milkshake die!
"youth group was great, could go without the headaches though "
"its funny, first they tag the school, spell 'bulldogs' wrong, and then they lose "
next time i should log off so <propfemale> won't get on my account ahahahaha
yes! i finally got it! i got world war z!
do we have school tomorrow?
too  many  small  children!
i'm starting to think that i get into games waaay too easy 
being sick sucks!
"making some tortellini, yum!"
scarfs  my new worst enemy 
this entire familiy is just plain psycotic !
my xbox is back! now i can just sit back and just be lazy for the weekend!
never have i seen a light that could boil water    i now consider myself educated     and in pain 
another good day working lights  no burns! plus i got to see <propfemale>!
i don't think that i have ever wanted to watch a movie as much as i do tron 
spending the night at jt's 
"a <propfemale> christmas to all, and to all a good night!"
i now have a very very nerdy corner in my room 
"i think that auditions went well  or rather, i hope that i did well  i'm going to go again tomorrow, more for my friends than for me "
"tonight was a good night, minus <propfirst> clawing into my arm  lol"
duke nukem forever is coming out in may     i want the game   
"the kinect is physically draining, but fun "
hail to the <propmale>!
this weekend is a gaming weekend 
"yay! packers! the only problem now is last period on tuesday, <propfirst> miller and i are going to get killed "
"the cat goes meow\the dog, ruff\and necromorphs go rahdgrawlfrafdsafwaarg"
while i was talking to a friend from elementary school    i realized that i barely remember anything past sophomore year   
"i am insanely hyper  i don't know why, or care    i'm enjoying it "
just got fnv and oblivion! i feel like a huge nerd   
i managed to hurt myself at the <propfemale> carnival    twice!
bandaids freakin hurt!
cloverton was amazing!
fixed the ps2!
"the public schooling system is like communism  it looks good on paper, but then it sucks everywhere else "
you should wash his mouth out  with pain 
