944316f33fdc47ce2d7f86374165a4a0
"\i'm starting to warm up to the idea of cuttin' you \"""""
"so while transfering my photos from my camera to my computer, the program froze up, afterwards, all of my photos were already deleted from the camera, but some how didn't transfer to the computer  so everything from new years is gone  i'm slightly upset, but i've still got memories   sad "
rediscovered blessid union of souls  one of my most favorite bands ever! remember them <propfemale> dubois??
drunk girl trying to beat up on a grown man while bawlin' hysterically    man    that sh*t ain't cute 
woot for letters and e-mails!
"called it quits  5 years, down the drain  ha  you would think i'd feel better now, but i don't  i can never do anything right  maybe someone's looking for mr  wrong  i'm your guy "
feels like death  i hate being sick  and what is it about being sick that makes you want soup? soup sounds delicious 
so much to do  i have totally been slacking off the past couple of weeks  it is coming back to get me 
rehearsals yay! i've totally gotta buckle down and learn my lines  cutting it close  plus 2 monologues for my audition for the csu theatre department  so much learning  ahhhhh!
thinks having to pay $20 finance charge even after paying off $3000 on a credit card is ridiculous  i hate finance charges and aprs  blah
drinks with an old friend? hopefully its not weird 
"blah  hates printer ink, and printers "
hope its worth the wait 
is going on a bourbon binge and responsibility purge 
job hunting  not sure how the bright orange clothes is supposed to help? ha
"is trying to start anew today  time to knock some homework and cleaning outta the way, then back to class tomorrow, followed by continuing my job hunting  blah "
my transitivity would like to e playful ress a doable action directly or indirectly to your object 
"my past tense has been ungrammatical  since there is no future tense, maybe the syntax of my life should focus on the present perfect progressive "
it is 4 in the morning  do you know where your kids are?
brings nothing to the table 
unmask yourself  you're not fooling anybody 
well tonight turned out to be a very interesting night  i am still jacked up off  coffee  will totally have to do it again  thanks for the trip to paradise  : d
thinks i'm ready for a catastrophic malfunction 
remember the titans is such a great movie  still up  7 more hours til class  woo!
"has no idea what my \skills\"" are  resumes suck """
still going strong  coffee and i are on good terms again 
"<propfirst> <propmale> just laid on top of kimbo slice and hit him in the head with sissy punches  kimbo was not even hurt, but couldn't move with <propmale>'s belly smothering him  completely disappointing fight  i hope kimbo gets another <propmale> "
anyone watch cougar town on abc? <propfirst> cox and <propfemale> miller are hilliarious   and totally cougars  rawrr 
overslept and missed two classes this morning  luckily both of the classes were just reviewing for exams coming up on tuesday  blah  i hate oversleeping 
feels inadequate looking at other people's profiles with their vast amounts of photos and such  trying to decide if i am just not very photogenic or maybe i just don't take many pictures  is it sad that i have never owned a camera in my life?
no money and nothing to do on a friday  boo 
"the form, meaning, and function of negation in english grammar  what an exciting way to spend my friday night  party animal! woot!"
"decided to give up on grammar for the evening  never will i not go downtown tonight  haha  thank you <propfirst> lowth and your likening english grammar to mathematics  you get the point  delicious drinks, here i come "
this negation presentation is kicking my arse  i think it is about time to give it up for the evening and enjoy some football with a couple cold ones 
"this negation presentation is almost complete  woot! normally, i wouldn't put so much work into a presentation, but i really want to go to korea next summer, and if that means i have to wow my professor, then i intend on wowing "
has no idea why i am still awake  i suppose this will be another involuntary all nighter  its almost time to brew up some coffee  this best part of wakin' up   without the bother of the whole going to sleep  woot 
"why doesn't facebook have a \dislike\"" button? cross-stitching at 7 a m  woot woot  i don't believe i'll be hemming any pants anytime soon  ha"""
it's thursday  you know what's up  roadhouse tonight  do it  you know you wanna  on the prowl for my <propfemale>  woot!
the beginning of my nothing to do holiday  woot  freetime till wednesday  whats up? let's <propfemale> 
bored
r  <propfirst> ermey is totally b a 
wants a <propfemale> to call his own   : d
bleh 
woke up at 8 this morning for no reason at all  looks like my coffee intake is going to be super high today  haha  nothing to do again today  i am the prime minister of lameness  woot!
cigarettes and coffee  part of my balanced diet  hahaha  mmmmm breakfast 
<propfirst> swindell
"anyone interested in joining <propfemale> joy gill and myself along with our big talking dog and sweet <propfirst> while we solve mysteries? you shall not regret your choice, unless you choose not to become a meddling kid  don't miss out "
"workin' on my third pot of coffee for the day  if i had the money, i would've switched over to beer by now, but since i don't, guess i'm stickin' with the coffee  tastes delicious  anyone doing anything tonight? i'm bored outta my mind!!"
"coffee overload i am sure  its pretty sad that i am looking forward to class tomorrow, being that i have been bored outta my mind for the past few days, at last, something to do  even if it is sewing, i am ready to sew sew sew   soooo yeah "
my head won't stop pounding  i should proably stop shoveling so much knowledge in it  cut it out <propfemale>!!
just literally laughed out loud because of someone's e playful lanation of citation and grammar  i am such a freakin' english nerd  i need a life  seriously 
"\i'm a loser baby  so why don't you kill me?'"""
"should probably go to sleep now, but it is impossible  i have had too much coffee for the day  maybe a hot shower and some tylenol pms and i can call it a night "
"goodnight fb, and thanks <propfemale> joy gill for your fountain of knowledge   smile "
hungry! last day of rest before a busy day tomorrow  bleh 
we're going to have to leave it there   
likes doing homework   in bed 
thanks <propfemale> <propfirst> baggett for getting me sticky and sweaty  now i must shower again    wink 
"thinkin' about giving myself a mohawk, or maybe even an iron cross  haven't decided yet  something will be done tonight with my head, of this i am sure  any thoughts?"
"should be doing work, but i find myself starring at my computer screen "
gives up on homework for the night  about to go mohawk it up  pictures up when i'm done  hope everyone's having a great night  woot!
i have no idea why i am still awake   sad 
"no roadhouse tonight, just my house and my bed  goodnight fb "
"standin' on a street corner all freakin' day  still not sure what purpose i am serving  i think someone is trying to punish me for something  i'll be on 9 and broadway this morning, moving to 10 and broadway this afternoon  come holler at me "
"cheesesteak omlet laugh elicious hashbrowns=complete failure at least i tried  now to finish my coffee, hop in the shower, and get ready for some adult beverages and full contact sports  woot for saturdays!"
"i'm tired of the grind, too  i wanna smell like a vault "
"thinks i have forgotten what a cudd<propfemale>, snugg<propfemale>, or any other -<propfemale> feels like   \it is always easy when the who<propfemale> world fits inside of your arms \"""""
pooh!
"townhouse flipside cheddar flavored pretzel crackers=best idea ever  it is a pretzel, and a cracker! cheddar flavored  mmmmmm"
"just got my headshot back, and it is frightful  haha  funny how a month can change things "
just realized that i have over 100 credit hours to complete in order to get my degree in theatre education and my english minor with tesol certificate and that will probably take me another 3 years from this point  if only i had known what i wanted to do at cvcc i probably wouldn't be in this position  i just hope the money doesn't run out  that's really my only concern  blah
"ever wanna talk to someone, but was too affraid to because you thought they might think you were a total creep or something? i hate that  it is a blah night "
just found out i should be starting my new job this saturday at picasso's pizza  woot for finally having some money coming in again 
needs to make a big change   
learning how to survive a nuclear fallout = not suckish
"coffee, ncis, the ultimate fighter, and studying for a biology exam  i really need to get back on my herbal supplements  =i"
new to usa ncis  best news of the night   smile 
"emphasize the text?! structuralists, post-structuralists, and deconstructionists, i hate your school of thought and method of literary analysis  let's keep criticisim new, or put emphasis on something else  thanks "
"who cuts your hair, and why are they so angry with you?"
"if you love someone, let them go  if they don't come back, then it was never meant to be  but if they do come back, you should probably shoot them in the head because they're a zombie   goodnight fb"
"<propmale> cottonmouths hockey tonight! season opener no less  you can't beat free  followed by a little party action, you know how we do  if you see me, and you know me, come talk to me, you'll enjoy what follows      smile "
gotta renew the hawk 
"fresh shave, smooth as a baby's bottom  feels nice "
well tonight was a complete waste of make-up      and clean clothes 
"a lil alabama football, then my first night at my new job  it's about time i start gettin' some money coming in again  picassos, you know the place  do it "
"has gotten into the profession of always wanting what i can never have  in my opinion, everything tastes looks smells sounds feels better when it isn't yours "
"yeah, it's 6am and i just got home from work  at least i'm gettin paid  i'm in the mood for a forbidden fruit salad    "
work at 6 tonight  someone come to picassos and see me   smile  still thinkin' about that forbidden fruit salad   annoyed 
"should be asleep, or at least writing out my 3 year plan  blah "
damnit fb! i do not want to become a fan of <propfemale>!
"is in the bed, and not the club  self control won out this evening  go me "
arts and crafts time! yay!
"there's nothing better than cutting into a fresh, crispy piece of construction paper   "
"drove home from work, and saw not one single car on the road  ridiculous  i hate having someone on my mind, especially when i know i shouldn't  maybe it's time i just give it up  time to turn in, day of rest tomorrow, sweet  g'nite fb"
"<propmale> millan, you are awesome  i wanna be a pack leader "
"had a very interesting night  jager bombs are always popular  watching pumpkin head: blood feud  <propmale> henriksen made the movie, but, how do you bring him back as a ghost? disappointing  halloween tomorrow, and i'll be at picassos all night  some people should come see me  you know who you are   "
"woke up about   30 minutes ago  slept like a baby, which is a good thing, considering i will be at picassos all night tonight  i think it is funny that i've noticed quite a few gentlemen using halloween as an excuse to dress like women    women of loose morals, no less  why is it when guys dress up like women, they never dress like a business woman, or an old woman?"
"if you can count on someone to flake out, does that make them a flake, or someone you can count on? haha <propfemale> jones"
"thanks to daylight savings time, i had to work an extra hour  it was fun watching all the drunkards downtown, first halloween sober in quite some time, haha  costumes keep getting smaller, i'm waiting for the nudists to come out next year, jeeez  sleep awaits me, football and cold beer all day tomorrow   nice  g'nite fb"
"hey <propfirst> davila, <propmale> young, <propfirst> <propfirst> wolfgang, stevi earwood, <propfemale> <propfemale> hill, <propmale> fenimore: do we have anything to turn in for first year sem tomorrow? thanks   smile "
is not feelin' today   blah
"has a terrible, no good, very bad head ache  blah  tylenol pms  and bed here i come "
"so yes, today is my birthday, and i managed to sleep through all my classes today  i almost feel bad, almost  the party started last night, and shall last til sunday  hope to see plenty of friendly and beautiful faces out this weekend  i do except drinks, gift, and gropes of all kinds  we can party together!  smile "
"to: <propfemale> <propmale>, you are the best! thanks for last night  you know you're one of my bestests  i love you!! round three tonight   smile "
fear the bearded   
is trying to get stuff done  blah for the rain  hooray for ponchos!
"loves putting off doing homework  looks like i'll be up til at least 6 this morning, so i can register for classes  damn you theatre freshmen! not really, but it does suck  oh well  meeting at the springer friday to see about doing work  time for some serious change around here  <propfemale> jones, i  love  your motivation   smile "
"signed up for classes, taking all 19 credit hours next semester  pretty busy schedule, but i hope to get more involved next semester  big things are a'comin'  hope everyone has a wonderful morning "
"oh darrius rucker, why did you have to leave hootie and the blowfish?"
is absolutely in love with my ipod touch  i have no idea how i got along without it for all this time 
"dunno what i'm going to make of this day  gotta work tonight, still plenty of time to get into some mischief  too bad i spent most of my money last night  blah  you! we should <propfemale> out, and soon  let's make it happen   smile "
"breakfast in bed  what a treat  too bad you weren't here  good morning everyone! it's such a beautiful day today, and i am in an unusually chipper mood today  go figure "
"just woke from a nice night time nap  yep, a nap, not sleep, considering i woke up at 5 smile 0 this afternoon  now to prepare for my monday  it should be reather exceptional, at least that's what i'm going for  goodmorning fb!"
woke up feeling rather spectacular today  it shall be a good day  i'm totally chipper 
"\why don't you stay here with us in this fantasy ass fantasy land?\"""""
"i think i went to sleep at like 6 smile 0 last night? not sure  i know i woke up at 11, thinking it was 11am and was aboutt og et ready when i realized it was 11pm, so i went back to sleep  now, here i am, i woke up at 5 smile 0am  pretty ridiculous  feeling pretty good however, it shall be a wonderful day  let's all be chipper!  smile "
"has had these 3 disposable cameras for   years  not even sure how many years at this point  but i have decided that today is the day that i shall take them to get them all developed and see what is on them  i am super curious  it's like going back in time, if i find anything interesting, i'll post it  <propfemale> jones and <propfemale> bowens i think at least one is from prom   maybe my <propmale> prom?"
"has become used to being discarded  today just feels like a crap day  i've gotta get some homework done, and i need to find something worth fighting for   "
"i think at this point, i hate poetry, and the analysis of it, and writing papers on it  damn you poststructuralists, feminists, and queer theorists  blah  mid december can't come fast enough  sadly, spending another holiday season alone will still be better than this semester has been, it seems  i'm in a rutt, and i don't like it   sad "
ever read something that made you wanna vomit? i just did  bleck  i am now reading poetry and watching the antiques roadshow  what a wonderful day  ha  wednesday can't come fast enough   
"this poetry analysis finally seems to be coming together, only after i think i've read a majority of the poems contained in the norton introduction to poetry  i've learned something about myself in the process, poetry over a <propfemale> long, cannot contain my interests  post colonialism thank you for saving me "
"is trapped at my house without water and has no way of leaving at the moment, unless i walked through the woods for a ways, and then walked to where ever it is i might want to go, or if someone came and picked me up  our dead end road was apparently collapsing, and now they must fix it, trapping everyone on our side of the road  ridiculous day "
"is salivating uncontrollably at the moment, for some reason or another "
is a dirty little secret   smile 
"i'm one of those guys that doesn't sell back his college text books  does that make me weird? on another note, <propmale> matthews band makes excellent paper writing music, slowly moving forward  we've all got our own dirty little secrets   smile "
i can breathe now  rtr!
thinks that i wanna learn how to play the guitar 
"is cold, tired, lonely, and has a secret to tell  and i must say, it is a very amazing and wonderful secret  if i knew of a roof top, i'd love to do a little shouting      love "
"\i don't wanna hear you say say say say say say it   \"""""
"say what you mean, and mean what you say  and what you say better be worth enough to cover the silence that you broke  because silence is <propfemale>, and hearing nothing at all can quite often be better than hearing everything there is  ignorance is bliss and normally painfree  once you give those words away, you can never have them back "
1 amazing week out of 52 isn't that bad of odds for me  the pain in my chest is very familar one   and it's not heartburn 
"i've been asked why i drink so much, i've realized, it's to fill this void in my chest  it's been so long, i think i've forgotten what used to be there in the first place  jager and beer are flowing through my veins, sublimation at its finest "
it feels good to be lied to    because the truth hurts 
wine and homework  a more wonderful combo there has never been   
had a wonderful night last night  i think i'll be watching musicals regularly before i know it  haha  i blame it on the company i keep  i  love  my secret delicious friend!  wink 
"is wide awake and it's not even 7am yet  oh well  spent most of my day yesterday napping, and it was fabulous! guess i'll be hanging out until it's time to go take my last final of the semester  just realized how broke i was, makes me sad   oh well "
"yay for reward points! last final of the semester coming up quickly  ready to get it over with  \my words pour   like children to the playground   children to the playground  you make me smile \""  smile """
"finally done for the semester! yay!! overall, i'm thinking my grades are going to look pretty good for this semester  got my term paper back from norwood, and i did pretty well on it  as i figured, he's a pretty harsh grader, but it's all over now  yay for relaxation, too bad i don't have any money   indecision "
"really wishes my professors would post my grades already! the anticipation is killing me  <propfirst> pan tonight, 7 smile 0, do it! followed by the roadhouse with the unsung and stereomonster  freakin' do it! come join me, buy me a beer    smile "
"feels like everyone has their grades but me, i'm about to go crazy!! on a positive note, spent another lovely night with a beautiful lady, doesn't get much better than that  <propfirst> pan tonight at springer opera house at 7 smile 0 followed by some shamelessness at no shame theater perhaps? it'll be a good day, despite the rain  woot!"
"finally got my grades!! yay! did rather well, i'm pretty excited about it  one disappointing grade in intro to poetry, lost a letter grade because i missed too many classes, super lame, other than that, super sweet! no more core classes ever! now on to only theatre, education, and linguistic courses, my passion is good and my education will only get better!  smile "
"<propfirst> pan tonight! followed by a little work at picasso pizza  everyone who's anyone will be there, and buy me a drink  yay for 24 hour days and being up for all of 'em!! waitin' for my treat tomorrow night   wink "
"i don't remember falling asleep and have no idea why i'm up right now  waiting for a text from someone special, feel like it's been forever   indecision "
"just cooked some of the most delicious burgers ever! it's kinda sad though, cooking for one  i miss cooking for all my friends  i'm a lot like my <propfemale> in the sense that i like to show my love through food and cooking  nothing says \i love you\"" more than than a scrumptious home cooked meal sometimes   smile """
"it's amazing what a fresh shave can do to one's day  i'm feeling fabulous  getting ready for pan! only two more shows, oh no!  smile "
"pan is over!!! woot! can't believe i'm about to go out to the stores today, but this time, it's totally not my fault  i got mine taken care of yesterday  haha  hope everyone is having a wonderful day  maybe the chick with the cane can defend me, too bad we still can't use the handicapped parking  oh well   love "
"well beerpong was an excellent idea  feeling surprisingly chipper this afternoon,gotta try and clean up a bit and find new homes for my new stuff and get up a collection of stuff to take to goodwill  i'm thinkin' about you   yea   you! picasso pizza tonight, do it, you know you wanna come see me!  smile "
"\there's no such thing as a projector phone \"" \""tada\"" \""what?\"" \""the man said 'tada'\"""""
needs motivation to start cleaning     blah 
"damn you illness! your existence right now is completely unacceptable  i require that you exit the premises immediately, before you inhibit my snuggle time any further! boo!"
bored!! someone entertain me!! i want something to do damnit!
"learned today, why it's never a good idea to <propfemale> family members money  oh well, live and you learn i suppose  hope everyone is having a wonderful day  hopefully with me well wishing and use of my wishing well my wish can come true today    we'll have to wait and see   wink "
yay for tuesdays! ha 
"if only being awesome was a paying gig, i'd be freakin' rollin' in dough  too bad really  looks like i'm going to have to find a real paying gig doing work i probably don't wanna do  oh well  great night last night, let's see if we can have a redeux tonight   smile "
"yeah, i drink coffee with my lunch, so what?"
"twilight zone marathon? super sweet!! it's getting about that time to kick '09 in the can and bring in 2010 with a much better sense of the man i wanna be, and what i've gotta do to be it  all in all, 2009 wasn't all that bad  2010 shall be so much better   smile "
"well it's about that time  if i don't see you guys for the rest of 2009, good afternoon, good evening, goodnight, and have a safe and happy freakin' new year!! 2010   here i come!  smile "
technological hiatus 
is awkward 
"just realized last night that class starts back in one week  holy crap! oh well, i'm totally ready for it, despite the fact that i'm broke as a joke and have no idea how i'm going to pay for books this semester  we'll see how things work out i suppose  still having a wonderful day, another night with a beautiful lady! yay!  smile "
"cookin' dinner for one    again  steak, baked potato, and some delicious green beans  maybe one night i'll cook for two  we'll see "
"had a very wonderful night with a very lovely lady  time to snack out and then hit the sack, constructin' some props bright and early in the morning  woot for <propfemale> b  jones! ha  g'nite fb"
"gonna miss hangin' out with my sexy witch tonight   sad  on the bright side, a little college football does the body good  i'm tired of hearing about hookers, roll tide!"
"gotta feel bad for colt, <propmale> did a great job for a freshman   regardless    roll tide roll! national champs! woot! now to get some sleep so i can build and paint some stuff for ole <propfemale> b  jones, a little theatre convo, then an evening with my sexy witch  wink   g'night fb!"
"\call me <propfirst> byrd from the way i'm droppin' hamiltons \""  laugh   g'nite """
"if this whole school and theatre or teacher thing doesn't work out, i think i'm going to become a logger  i mean, i already have the mouth and the wardrobe for it, i figure that's half the battle   laugh "
"k-mart feet     that sh*t ain't cute  but i'll still rub 'em  gimme your tippy toes! classes start back tomorrow, yay for not so much free time  g'nite fb!"
strawberry muffin   delicious   laugh 
a wonderful night with a beautiful woman is a good way to ensure a wonderful day  i'm feeling fabulous! yay for school and homework and presentations already!!  laugh 
"so, friday night spent drinking coffee, watching the history channel, and working on my world history homework  wow, i think growing up is quite boring  oh well, not a bad night, just missin' a certain beautiful lady  back to an exciting night of reading!"
"\no opinion is worth burning your neighbor for   \"" -voltaire"""
glad she likes 'em a little doughy in the middle   smile 
"somehow i find myself enthralled in my linguistics text book  it's a rather interesting read, despite the highly technical nature of it  hmmm  we'll see  i'm hungry  we'll have to wait and see what's for lunch  mmmm  missin' my m i l l o  (mom i like to love on)  ;^d"
"there's a m i l l o  on my pillow, and i like it   smile "
"voluntarily sleeping on the floor =  love   it couldn't be anything else, because i know of no other reason i would give up the comfort of a bed, let alone, my bed, or even a couch for that matter  oh well  apparently, i serve as an excellent trampoline to a almost 2 year old, slept right through it  ha  homework   yay!"
3 little words make a journey  i'm packed and ready to go!  smile  love 
i'm a velociraptor! i will eat you!!! :^e
"with a sick truck, i am learning to love the shuttle even more  i especially enjoy hitchin' a ride with a sexy lady, what a great way to start a day  too bad that won't be the case tomorrow  tomorrow night won't get here fast enough!!!"
"anyone know where i can find a trained bear? preferrably, one that works well with children "
the secret life of an american teen and make it or break it are much better seen when in the company of a wonderful and beautiful woman rubbin' on your tosies   laugh  apparently this will be every a monday thing now   i'm ok with that    wink 
if it feels good   do it  if it feels great   and makes you happier than you've ever been   keep on doing it and don't let anything stop you   smile 
"\i'm going to go out with a bang!\"""""
"yes, homework is the opposite of sex "
lover+snow+wild turkey+friends=wonderful evening!
i'm not good at games  boo!
"\you just can't look bad ass pulling your pants up \"""""
"\do rattlesnakes kiss carefully?\"" (it's rhetorical btw)"""
put your pants on!!
creative dramatics midterm in 3 hours  i'm not ready! we'll see how it goes  catch ya later fb!
"creative dramatics was not as bad as i thought  i let everyone else in the class freak me out, worrying and such  i'm just that good   laugh  now to finish up this exam for my stupid concepts of fitness class that i'll never have to do again after today, then some food, then some time with a sexy lady! woot!"
"i'm free!! partying today   and maybe tomorrow  followed by a week filled with homework, and a beautiful woman    smile "
"going to pick up some lunch, because <propfemale> jones apparently missed school on the days they discussed sharing  hmmmm    what shall i eat? we'll see "
"intergrated lesson plans, and lesson plans in general are hard work  i'm starting to gain more appreciation for the hard work and time all of my teachers through out the years put into my education  things are starting to come together, slowly, but nonetheless  hope to fnish the lion's share of it today  wish me luck!"
"back with my beautiful, wonderful, and slightly hairy girlfriend  ;-d what a wonderful evening  the weekend is looking good  if you need me, you know where to find me  and if you don't know where to find me, then let's just keep it that way  thanks   laugh "
"my mom has a tattoo that says \son\""  i am the most interesting man alive  thanks """
<propfemale> <propfemale> snyder is making babies in the computer lab  woot!
"integrated lesson plan, lesson plans for 6 days of teaching a kindergarten class, a detailed write up of a story dramatization, taught to the entire class, an essay and a presentation on the speech relations between southern blacks and whites and decreolization   all within the next 4 days  i'm about to lose my head  sexy lady countdown begins     right now!"
"government integrated lesson plan!! ya!! followed by polishing off my lesson plan for teaching kindergarteners  frightening!! hopefully this day will redeem itself once i see my  love      we'll see  smile, it looks good on you   smile "
"doin' work! after tomorrow, the only things i'll have to worry about are finals and my resource file  super excited!  laugh  also, sidenote, i'm in love with the most amazingly wonderful woman in the world, you should be jealous love   smile, it looks good on you   smile "
i am pompadoreable   smile 
"finds it humorous that everyone i have seen or talked to today has talked about how terrible the pollen is, and how it is making them feel awful, with headaches, and sneezes, and whatever comes along with allergies  i am fortunate enough to not have these allergies, as i feel fabulous  i've got those good genes!  smile  sadly   i am allergic to <propfemale> rabbits   but that is all   not <propfemale> jones though  ;-d"
"i am in luck, in a great mood, in good time, in your face, in focus, enthused, in place, and most importantly in love with the most beautiful amazin woman ever  it's a good day    smile  smile, it looks good on you "
"of all the things i've done, i think bein in charge of a classroom full of kindergarteners frightens me the most  wish me luck  at least it isn't for the whole day!   :-0"
"so the kindergarteners weren't too terribly bad  it was still quite frightening  now that first day jitters are out of the way, the next 2 and a half weeks shouldn't be too bad  still not to sure about this whole ordeal  sadly it's 1 5 of my entire grade     annoyed  (sidenote: seeing my baby tonight   woot!)"
"the realization just hit me that i'll be going on three months before a free day  meaning, a day that doesn't have any work or school  no wonder i'm staring to feel so tired and lonely    i miss my lover      annoyed  hopefully it'll all be worth it in the end  smile, it looks good on you "
"tomorrow: class, picking up my scholarship check, working on my resource file, picking up my new glasses and prescription shades, and finally spending some time awake with the most beautiful amazing woman i know  it should be a good day "
"how i manage to seemingly fall more in love with you as each day goes by is a mystery to me  one that i hope to spend the rest of my life solving     smile  smile, it looks good on you "
madly in love   life is good  goodnight fb!
"blue october, <propfemale> <propmale>, coffee, marlboro menthols, and my resource file    i'll sleep when i don't have to look at this thing again without it having a grade on it  90% done   c'mon last 10%!!"
ate too many brownies   terrible tummy ache!! 2pm tomorrow won't get here fast enough!!
"done with my resource file!!!! or as i'd like to call it, as done as i'm gonna be   laugh  i can breathe a sigh of relief, at least for tonight  it feels good, real good  the end is near and in sight, and i'm looking forward to it   "
"if only i were <propmale>, i wouldn't have to work all weekend every weekend, and if only i wasn't such an over achiever i wouldn't have to spend so much time doing school work    missin' my sexy lady   annoyed  hopefully this break will get here very soon   "
i think sometimes i try too hard   
i am restricting myself from fb until i finish what i have planned on finishing for this evening  wish me luck!!
"lovin' some crispy vanilla wafers and coffee   almost done with one paper, then to update my portfolio for my <propmale> profeciency on tuesday  the end is near   i can taste it!!"
"resume and portfolio   finished  makeup worksheet   done  character makeup analysis and sociolinguistics final still to go, i'm gettin' ready to cross that finish line, and it feels fabulous!!"
"meeting with <propfemale> today for my <propmale> proficiency and going over my portfolio and resume as it stands today, then one more paper, one more makeup lab, and one final, and then i get to enjoy a week off, until maymester starts  i'm feelin' pretty good about it  can't wait to be able to spend some quality time with the love of my life <propfemale> jones   smile  woot!"
"so i have a sombrero, and a willingness and want to injest mulitple cervezas and or margaritas, but i also have a paper to write  i'm really hoping to complete it within the next two hours, but to do so, i must leave fb alone, so until then   adios!"
"taking my final final of this semester   yay!! work afterwards, off tomorrow, gonna spend the day with some of my favorite moms  then starting my week at veterans memorial middle school  one more month then it's a vacation for real!!   laugh "
"another day at the middle school, forgot how crazy middle schoolers were   hard to believe i was once where they are  haha  teacher gossip is a funny thing, i've been privy to some juicy bits, mainly just because i'm an insignificant orbserving college student  it's still hilarious though  some time with a beautiful lady tonight   yeah   i'm stoked   and you should be jealous    smile  smile, it looks good on you "
"as proof to the constant changing nature of all things   \no one can step into the same river twice \"" - heraclitus   now i'll let you all noodle that one over  hooray for being able to read for fun again!!  smile """
"so i just discovered how to look at my grades other thank looking at final grades, 6 a's and 1 b (freakin' stage makeup!!) in any case, i'm feelin' pretty stoked  i feel that this calls for a delicious adult beverage this evening  that'll happen once i finish gettin' my room together   who knows when that'll be  oh well  things are lookin' good!"
"suffered the repercussions today from celebrating my good grades last night   finishing up my hours at vmms tomorrow, followed by workin' all weekend, then back to class on monday   yay!  annoyed  missing my beautiful girlfriend   hopefully she'll feel better soon, i'm feeling quite lonely today   "
"all these people going to the beach, river, lake, any sorta body of water   enjoying a little vacation   i'm jealous  today's as close to a vacation i've had in a long time, which involves sitting around til work tonight  korea's only 2 months away   i'm super stoked!!"
"it becomes frustrating when the only person you wanna talk, pretty much ever, seems to be the hardest person to reach  only <propmale> away, and sometimes it seems like lightyears   slightly bummed out  annoyed "
"going home, sleepin', and gettin' ready for class in the morning  i really hope the next 3 weeks fly by, so i can get down to the business of lovin' on the most wonderfully amazing girl in the world *fingerscrossed* smile, it looks good on you  smile "
"done with my sped observation journal and paper, now to shower and go to class  followed by picking up my check and possibly enjoying some delicious adult beverages, as well as basking in the fact that i have nothing to do tomorrow!!! first time since february  go me! hopefully i'll be able to spend that free time with the most beautiful amazing and wonderful girl in the world, <propfemale> jones smile "
"so last night i had every intention of gettin' slightly inebriated drinkin' beer, instead i end up home and in bed by 9 smile 0 with a stomach ache from eating too much ice cream  not sure what has happened to me or when i became such a square  oh well  lookin' forward to seein' the sexiest woman i know  today  smile  smile, it looks good on you "
"shower, dinner, hopefully a little time with the love of my life, followed by a night filled with work  it's gonna be a good night   it's gonna be a good night   it's gonna be a good night  hopefully if i keep telling myself that it'll be true  picasso tonight, friends come see me, just don't eat   less work for me "
"well today is off to a rip roarin' start  i should still be asleep   but some messages received can make that a hard thing to manage  you'd figured i'd have learned by now   some things will never be easy   my life for example  hope to see the most wonderful girl i know in a few, hopefully that'll improve today's outlook "
"in love   and it's marvelous! lookin' forward to fannin' the flames some more tomorrow  smile  smile, it looks good on you "
"gettin' ready for class, found out last night i have a little knack for upholstry  maybe i'll dabble a little more  we'll see  finally picasso pizza is almost done! now hopefully i can spend some time with my beautiful gurlfran who i miss terribly!!"
"\prior planning prevents piss poor performance \"""""
missing my lover   looks like it'll be an early night  haven't had one of those in while  ha  g'nite fb!
"you never appreciate your stove until it's broken  everything we have to eat here must be cooked using a stovetop or oven, and ours is broke  so i'm sittin' here hungry, surrounded by food  that totally isn't cool  hopefully eatin', then seein' my hunny bunni  laugh , then a nice night at work is what's instore for me  we'll see   "
it's very possible that i'll be getting a puppy soon   i'm excited!
"might do comedy night tonight? idaknow  don't feel like being held up in this house for another night   but i don't wanna go out alone  i'm really starting to hate this pattern of behavior  sadly it seems, without class my life is pretty boring  lame!"
"doesn't want tonight to come   but it'll be here soon enough  i hate my head sometimes  hopefully this is all for the best   \the road to hell is paved with good intentions   \"""""
"the thought of leaving the country for a  few weeks is beginning to look more and more appealing  i need a break from real life, and i'm in dire need of a vacation  south korea won't get here fast enough  first meeting and orientation tomorrow   bring it "
so five priests walk into picasso pizza   
"i don't know who i am, or where i'm going anymore  luckily i have a passport and a plane ticket that'll sort out those problems, at least for a few weeks   "
"did some things and some stuff today  all and all, it was a pretty good day  i'm not gonna be stressed out   by now, i should be pretty good at this    i'm growing a mane, and it's ferocious  smile, it looks good on you     laugh "
"it's better to be a fleeting memory than a thorn in your side    it's always for the best  smile, it looks good on you    laugh "
"oh i will be seeing more of you mr  swinging futon! what an awesome idea! time to get some sleep, tomorrow is my last scheduled day of work until i get back from s  korea, let's make it a good one!! if it hurts, you're doing it wrong!!  laugh "
why does high gravity always tingle more? hmmm   
"i'm a lion, and i'm ferocious!"
"is tired of things never coming together, tired of never seeing things through, tired of never finishing what i started  for once, i want to see something through to the end, and my time is drawing nigh "
"why hello disappointment, no need for introductions, we've met before   "
"\it can't rain all the time   \"" 12 more days!"""
"is really starting to hate this mood i constantly find myself in   i really need a big change   soon   preferably, before i e playful lode "
"i really hope tomorrow will be a better day   matter of fact, i'm counting on it  don't worry, i'm gentle, besides, i play a doctor on tv     laugh      11 more days!"
<propmale> texas ranger marathon on spike   don't mind if i do  it's gonna be a good day   11 more days!
"<propmale>, texas ranger and ncis marathons at the same time?! nice! <propmale> <propmale> and <propfirst> harmon for president and vp 2012!! i'm writtin' in my candidates this go around   laugh "
"stereomonster and the unsung return to the roadhouse?! i'll be there, pbr in hand  if you're not there, you might as well be dead!!"
"a saturday nightt spent with 2 rambunctious puppies   not my idea of a normal saturday night, but it sure as hell is waaayyy cheaper  haha  i should probably catch up on my rest, the next week shall be busy, preparing to leave the country and all   6 more days!"
"13 hours of work   at least this will be my last day for a month  ha  a couple classes this week, then gearing up for s  korea! 5 more days!"
"puppies, english language instruction texts, wormholes, and <propfirst> freeman   what has my life become? very busy next 3 days, and i need some sleep!    3 more days!"
"and how, here's something you'll really enjoy!"
"on the way to atl airport  in less than 7 hours i'll be on my first plane ever, flying half way around the world to s  korea  kinda freakin'!!"
"through security, sittin' in the designated smokin' area staring at this huge plane i'm about to get out  oddly, i'm pretty calm at this point   "
"i'm safely in busan, s  korea! today is my second day teaching, and it's a blast! if only it weren't so hot! sorry no pictures as of now, i just got to a computer! hope every one's gettin' by without me! i miss you all, and i'll be back soon, more updates to come! smile, it looks good on you!  smile "
"at it again today, speeding english to little summer campers  first subway e playful erience last night as we roamed the city  there are many sights to see for sure  many pictures to come!"
"teaching again, yay for english! went out on the town last night, having a great time  some awesome pics to come! hope you all are missing me!"
"trip to the world's largest mall this afternoon? i think so! and yes, you should be jealous "
"uploaded a few pictures, in between classes right now on a break  having a blast, going out partying tonight, maybe some kareoke? then i think we're going to tour the town some and <propfemale> out by the beach  coolest thing so far? drinking beer on the streets! ha, i'm a man of simple pleasures  miss you all!!"
"i'm alive! back to another day of teaching, yay! did some sight seeing yesterday with the kids, ridiculous, it's hard to enjoy it when you have 200+ running rambunctious children  ha  i miss everyone! i'll put up more pictures some time  in the mean time   yogurt shooter with a beer chaser! woo!"
"starting to get a little tired, these long days and teaching all of these crazy kids is very exhausting!! i am however considering staying another week, and this time actually getting paid for it, depends on whether or not the school meets our demands, we shall see! hope everyone's well! miss you all! s  korea still isn't ready! hahaha"
"korean bars are where it's at! last night was a good night, slightly paying for it today, the kids are just going to have to deal, naptime might be coming up real soon! haha  gonna make it an easrly night tonight, well, back to another class of kids! i miss everyone! i'm partying for all of us!!"
"just spent the past 4 hours walking around shopping in the open market  quite fun, but my dogs are barkin'! at least i got most of my shopping done, now i can relax for the last week and a day  ha  2nd summer camp starts tomorrow! yay for esol!"
"went to a club called foxy, with some of our group and some of the teachers from bgv, had a blast! these koreans know how to party! even though they don't really know how to dance, had to drop some knowledge on some of 'em  ha  half day tomorrow, followed by some museum action, then a beach party!! yeah, you're jealous, i understand   "
"day off? don't mind if i do! some museum action, followed by some beach shananigans? oh yes please!"
"well other than dinner   tonight was a complete waste of time, i knew i should've stuck with my gut instinct, you live and you learn  i'm in a bad mood and wish i was home right now   oh well  time for bed, at least there's no teaching tomorrow   "
"i'm pretty sure that i really do not like mega mart, it's like the walmart of busan apparently, but it's ridiculous  <propmale> out outside for the last few hours of my day, now getting ready for bed and for a brand new camp with brand new kids tomorrow   yay!  annoyed "
"tomorrow my friends   will be my last full day in korea  we begin our journey back home at 4am saturday here, which will be 3pm friday where most of you are  i must say, i'm pretty excited to be going home   but i'll miss korea, i'll be back for sure!"
"i'm home safe and some back in the good ole us of a! i miss korea already though   oh well  now to finish up homework and such, and prepare for school starting back on monday, hopefully fitting in some work and play too, it's gonna be a busy one!!"
"almost done with journals from our trip, then off to lesson plans and my teaching philosophy, finally putting it all together in my portfolio, and i will be done, hopefully this will be completed today   here's hoping!"
"journals   done  lesson plans   done  resume   done  i'm getting there! now if only i can finish the rest of my work today, i could enjoy the next 2 days before i dive back into work and then class on monday   ahhh! i think i can   i think i can! i wish i was back in korea!"
"i'm not sure how i feel about this whole having only a part of my leg smoothly shaven, without there being any new ink added   thanks a lot <propfirst> cotney"
my teaching philosophy   you are going down!! followed by a little party time tonight   players   roadhouse   house party   i'll be there!
"may\the best ye've ever seen\ be the warst ye'll ever see \ may the moose ne'er <propfemale>' <propfemale> aumrie\ wi' a tear-drap in his e'e \ may ye aye keep hail an' hertie\ till ye're auld eneuch tae dee \ may ye aye be jist as happy\ as we wiss ye noo tae be "
"lost my phone somewhere last night   so if you've tried to reach me   sorry  hopefully i'll find it soon, sucky thing is that i think it is probably dead   soooo   i guess i'm going to be scavenger hunting "
"thank goodness for fb, so now instead of talking out problems and issues, one can just unfriend someone, and skip the whole communication middle man  ha "
"first day of class tomorrow   and it's time for change  i'm done carrying people, feelings, and things that aren't advantageous to me and my happiness  <propfemale> your own weight, and maybe you can keep up   "
cannot find motivation to finish my teaching philosophy right now   bleh  maybe some pong will fix this? here's hopin'!  smile  what's the start of a new school year without a little procrastination?
i'm in the thick of it!! woo!
thanks <propmale> graver! there's nothing i'd rather be doing bright and early friday morning then working on a design project! it's gonna be a good day! ha  bring on the rain tonight!!
"<propmale> young, <propfemale> maggart, <propmale> carrier, <propfemale> chatfield, zach tittel, johno bringmann: question, have you started your design project? and if so, is it driving you to murder? also, any hints would be great, because mine is about to end in flames if it continues as it has been going   "
"interesting statistic of the day: for every 100 single women in the u s , there are 88 single men  i suppose that means the odds are in our favor?? ha"
"linga '<propfemale> aquarius', <propfemale> burkhardt, sharayah <propmale>, seon jeon: slide show competition for study abroad   who wants to join up with me? i've been told we need a group of at least 3, and it will take care of all service hours needed, faculty members count   let me know if you want to do it!"
i miss having someone to talk to about my day   it was long and lonely   thanks for listening   g'nite
"joined the throngs of unemployed about 15 minutes ago, and it feels pretty good "
"so i'm in the market for new job opportunities   anyone have any juicy prospects? on another note   i miss you, you should call me sometime   yes   you  do it!"
shame on you  where's the fyl com? i've got a few stories for that one   cause my life is grand  thanks for your falsified concern  g'nite fb
what to do for the next 3 hours until my next class   hmmm    
i've got homework up to my eyeballs and two   count it   2 broke down computers  should be an interesting next couple of weeks 
pizza and beer   the lunch of champions! this homework will get done yet!
"needs someone to come out with me tonight, i wanna do some drinkin' downtown  i need a p i c  text it!"
is the newest employee of the rivercenter   sweet 
i've got the magic   in me  magic   magic   magic 
"i'm done playing with silly girls, they don't play fair "
think i might shave my head tonight   like smooth  i haven't decided for sure yet though  any thoughts?
"3 plays, a preproduction analysis, a presentation on language acquisition, and a white model   and it's only tuesday  it's gonna be a long week   but brightside   it'll also be a long weekend! woo!"
i'm thinkin' mixx ultra lounge tonight  who's with me? text it!
"at 2:45 i'll be free for 4 days with minimal homework! woot! also, i have poison <propfemale> thanks to my puppies, and that's just no fun at all!"
"\don't cost nothin' to be a man of your word \"""""
"\what's a turnover?\"" \""that's when you steal the ball from the other team \"" \""don't you go to hell for stealin'?\"" \""not against yankees -- it's in the bible \"""""
single and lookin'   i've forgotten how this work   damn 
"i wanna do something tonight   go out or something, but apparently i have no p i c  any suggestions? text me!"
let's party tonight! text me!
"but seriously, let's <propfemale> out tonight  we can party    or something similar to    real talk  rtr!"
homework   might be a little difficult today   
"presenting on interlanguage data in an hour and a half, followed by a night of creating my proscenium stage white model, bleh  at least after tonight, i'll be able to rest for a little  goin' on 1 1 2 hours of sleep right now, and there's still a ton of day left!"
women want me  men want to be me  and animals want to learn how to talk so they can <propfemale> out with me 
"in describing a playwright's use of forwards: \what stripper does not know that the promise of nudity more excites an audience than does nudity itself?\""     nice"""
needs a job  help?  annoyed 
canceled on   lame  now to find something else to do   any ideas? we could party??  smile 
doesn't wanna go out on the town solo another night   and i don't wanna sit at home an do nothing  this sucks 
"tonight, we should <propfemale> out  yes, that means you  text me  smile "
swamp people does sound better than homework  thanks history channel 
what's up tonight friends? let's <propfemale> out! hit me up   real talk 
good night   yeah   laugh 
"i'm done wantin' silly girls that don't want me  want some?   come get some  otherwise, stay outta my face "
"49 colors down, 49 to go  this project is a pain in my butt, but i'm making progress  now for some delicious adult beverages to celebrate progress   laugh  hit me up, let's <propfemale> out "
"98 color project, done! booyah! now let's party  phone's not working, might be going to get a new one today  bam!"
good riddance 
"new phone, no numbers   help me out? msg me those digits!"
my battery in my truck is dead  stuck  lame 
"maybe it's less a matter of old or new, but more of good and better  nevermind the rhetoric, it's time to focus on, for, and towards the best  also, toys are for boys, excuses get old quick, and if you're talking about me, you're thinking about me, and i love being on your mind  laugh "
"i feel that without of the anxiety of trying to please a woman, i might actually start to get things done   nice  i'll find her when i'm ready "
i appreciate the fact that my professor chose to confirm or deny the size of <propfirst> law's penis  ha 
oh textures made out of paper   you can wait til later  time for a little party  booyah!
"so, instead of homework   or even partying   i'm stuck dealing with drunk women   and their drama  damn  guess maybe i should've stayed home "
there's a place downtown   where the freaks all come around   
feelin' kinda lonely today  maybe homework will take my mind off of that   too bad you can't cuddle a rehearsal report   
i like coats   
you're beautiful   that's why we could never work out  i tend to destroy beautiful things   
life altering discovery of the day: chocolate covered bacon laugh elicious  real talk 
i burn bridges because it seems to me the divide was originally there for a reason  real talk 
thank goodness you're a good liar   i was startin' to wonder what you were good for   hahaha 
"something about being surrounded by old friends, beautiful women, and cheap drinks is very uplifting to my mood   hmmm  good day "
dry this morning   wet this afternoon   then hopefull loose this evening   ooohhhh yeahhh    smile 
needs something to do today   
this whole being unemployed but not even having time to get or work a job due to school is getting old quick   even more so next month when my savings runs out 
side note to my previous status   i'd take a job scrubing toilets in the theatre just to have a theatre job   is that good or bad?
needs something to do tonight   any ideas? we should <propfemale> out  yes you! text me!
i'll be at daily's tonight to watch the unsung  where will you be?
let's party  you know the number 
i burn bridges because i have no intentions of going back   
well my night went to crap   much like my means of transportation   super lame  but my broke down truck won't stop me from enjoying the silver lining   
i hate not having a vehicle   there are things i would like to do today   oh well 
it's one of those days where it's hard to find the bright side   
"i'm done trying    i sure hope this haze gets lifted   i hate being stuck anywhere, especially when i feel like this   blah  ttfn"
let's <propfemale> out? absolutely!
time to show the springer's warehouse who's boss!!
i have so much work to do   but no motivation to do it  it's been a rough couple of weeks   i'm tired of strugglin'  maybe i'll feel better after a nap   
mandatory voting in <propfemale>   ? i'd be ok with that 
maybe some day i'll learn   
"i know some beautiful women   you know who you are   it's been a great night   it's ok, we can pretend you're 21    smile "
i do not appreciate the fact that these grey hairs continue to multiply   
"voting dem in <propmale> is like pissing in the ocean  sure, you feel warm for a minute   but did you really change the sea level? go out and vote!!"
"24   here i come!  but first, bed "
"also, if anyone's partyin' tonight, holla at me!!"
"being productive at 6 smile 0 in the am?! oh yeah, who's gettin' stuff done? this guy!!"
i'm a sucker for a pretty girl with a big smile   
i really hope one day i'll be old and mature enough to stop being so awkward and shy at times when i shouldn't   here's hopin'  i'm such a sucker  haha
let's <propfemale> out?
"laughs at <propfemale> carey,and is not sorry about it   cause it feels good   playful "
"can i be serious for a moment people?    \i think it be the cows \""   real talk"""
i wanna party with you tonight! and you and you and you!! let's make that happen!
really wants to do it big somehow tonight   anyone wanna help make that happen?
<propfirst> this!!
apparently   i am an interesting character  real talk?
"will be needing someone to chill with tonight following my 6 smile 0 class, a good time is sure to be had   someone holla at me! real talk   "
so no one wants to hangout apparently   i am hurt  what a lame evening   
the unsung at dailey's  tonight  be there  buy me a beer  we'll have a great time   real talk
one day i'll learn to follow my own rules   
"\[don't go lookin' inside yourself] there ain't nothin' in there but organs and farts \"""""
no shame?
so all the people i had planned on hanging with have decided not to hit me up   lame  let's make plans!!
coffee: check  computer: check  smokes: check  playlist: check  the will and motivation to get this work done:     this is gonna be rough 
if anyone has some motivation to spare   i would love to have some  here's to another long night   only 1 more week!
"a place called christmas (aka lunch with <propfemale>) opens tomorrow  i'm dead tired, but i can see the end  just pushed my truck 40ft up a slope   by myself  i'm being punished for something i think     sad "
days like these i could really use a cuddle <propmale>  i need to feel human again   
"just developed a hatred for research papers, statistics, sampling, degrees of freedom, and whatever the chi-square test is  still trying to figure it all out   "
i had almost forgotten how much i hate feeling alone   the poisonous green icing on my big cake of frustrations and disappointment  something's gotta give   
basic design final project   prepare to be conquered 
"i'm upset all my friends have the time to play this # game  how about instead of sending me #s, send me some free time, thanks   "
done   for a little while 
"has a crush  this is new   good or bad? i haven't yet decided  although, e playful erience tells me it always ends badly  here's to being old and lonely! ha "
this month's epiphany: exgirlfriends are exgirlfriends for a reason  i think i've finally learned that  here's to new beginnings!
disappointed at how this evening turned out   guess i'll finish up my work for children's theatre and officially complete this semester   blah 
"almost done with children's theatre stuff   now just to finish my final, then i can finally enjoy some tv in my underpants time   the night shows promise!"
"officially done with this semester! woo! now time to let the a's start rolling in   3 down, 3 to go! booyah! tv in underpants time, here i come!"
"this semester's books-shelved, assignments and paper work-filed, emails-saved or deleted  satisfaction only a college education can buy   "
"\a heart will never be practical until it is made to be unbreakable \"""""
"so now my mom's cell phone, which i was using because mine was turned off, is now turned off  yay christmas   "
deep and reflective status update   2011 
"\   and i'll wear out the words 'i love you'   and 'you're beautiful' \"""""
"dracula annoyed ife this week \it's good "
"time to go make a baby bleed, and then get my neck broke a couple times   i love my job!  laugh "
let's add in some blood on tuesday! oh yeah!
dracula is about to start gettin' a little bloody today! i hope the springer opera house bought some more mops!!  laugh 
"\i should brood and think of sporadic killings!\"""""
salvadore <propfemale> has been born to be devoured  yay!
"'he who gives me more caresses than usual has betrayed me or\wishes to betray me '"
it's taken me a while to realize that often times seemingly good things end for the purpose of obviously greater things to come along   
"final dress of dracula was great! i'm super excited about this show, and everyone else should be too! such\sidenote: i would be the guy to hurt himself   at the curtain call   stupid shoes "
"now it starts   is anyone free on feb 15 from 1 smile 0-3 that would be willing to do a directing scene for me? i need a guy and a girl, i can supply treats!  smile "
"directing analysis, cigarettes, and coffee   this is gonna be a long night   i'll sleep when i'm dead!"
if you would've asked me 2 years ago if i could see myself 2 years later up late doing homework listening to showtunes   i would've called you crazy   life 
( 0 )(0 ) <propfemale> metcalfe     laugh 
what's up tonight people? let's <propfemale> out!
"one good thing to say about <propfirst>'s day   \\it ends at midnight   "
"\[so why don't we just make out?]    i can tell by your lack of interest i was kidding \"""""
one-act auditions today   it's been a while since i've auditioned for anything   let's see how this goes   
if i didn't look for love in all the wrong places   where else would i look?
is awkward   
"one day, i'll be the love interest, instead of the bad or and funny guy    "
i have this issue where i see a pretty girl   and immediately insert a foot in my mouth  i need a connection   
so my 2 most recent ex-girlfriends have both recently (within the last month) moved out of state   so does this speak volumes as to my character as a boyfriend? maybe  if you can't stand the heat   
high school musical at springer opera house opens tonight!! it's gonna be awesome!! you should probably get your tickets soon   or now 
just paid my dues to be inducted into 2 collegiate honor societies   now i'm just waiting to hear from one more   all i do is win!  laugh 
does anyone know where i can find a set of unmounted deer antlers for cheap or free   preferably free 
has to stop needin' what he wants 
will be spending my spring break catching up on school work and working on props in the shop  anyone wanna come by? you should 
anyone have a copy of glass menagerie i can borrow?
"in the end you'll find, it's always been me versus the world "
"directing analysis, structural analysis, high school musical, portfolio renovation, props for as you like it, props for 8 one-acts, scene rehearsals, theatre manifesto, production meeting  yeah   i don't see sleep on that list either     annoyed "
so there's this girl   and it's complicated   and i'm sure it involves barking and a tree   story of my life 
"i am obviously busy trying to do 5 things at once, you would assume people would notice this and feel i wouldn't be interested in idle chit-chat  you'd be wrong"
breaks are an important part of the day 
today will be a good day  and that's a promise 
i've been called trouble in paradise   
"so there's this girl   she's \no <propfemale>; just a kid from the suburbs with a knack for words and a bad attitude \"" and i'm all about it  haha <propfemale> <propfirst>  laugh """
"is terribly uncooperative and awkward, especially recently  sorry 'bout it "
i should really look into translating all this awesome into not being single  it's getting kinda cumbersome   and lonely 
"officially changing my major   this should be exciting   and frightening   adding an extra semester to my college career, but that's not necessarily a bad thing is it?"
should really shut up sometimes 
