4509d590afa3b2cb88de1e2753c736e3
does anyone remember the website to look at your senior pics? pleaseee send! thanks!
it makes me laugh how stupid people can be  smile 
id be alot less annoyed if i wasnt being notified of the same two dumbfucks everytime i log on to facebook  go call eachother 
im the <propmale>$$  smile 
fml 
"insanity it seems, has got my by my soul to squeeze "
rip <propfirst> <propmale>
ill see you in my nightmares
 smile 
"hos before bros, fml  sad "
jus found out her dreams predict the future and needs a carton of cigarettes 
"deserves better than a dishonest, self centered prick"
it wont be that hard to upgrade lol  wink 
"what if i had a thing on the side? made you cry? would the rules change up or would they still apply, if i played you like a toy?    sometimes i wish i did act like a boy "
"okay your a goon, but whats a goon to a goblin?!"
habbo hotel is the funniest game to play when you have nothing better to do  smile  
on the phone with my bestie  smile 
"so breathe in so deep, breathe me in, im yours to keep, and hold on to your words cause talk is cheap, and remember me tonight when your asleep "
baby are you down down down down down?
crack!
fuckk you seriouslyyy 
 laugh 
"don’t you ever leave the side of me, indefinitely, not probably, and honestly im down like the economy "
"well you done done me, and you bet i felt it  i tried to be chill but you're so hot that i melted; i fell right through the cracks, and now i'm tryin' to get back  before the cool done run out i'll be givin' it my best test, and nothin's gonna stop be but"
i learned some  theres no going back 
"but since you've been gone, i can breathe for the first time  i'm so movin' on, yeah, yeah  thanks to you, now i get what i want since you've been gone  you had your <propmale>, you blew it  out of sight, out of mind  shut your mouth i just can't take it agai"
is sliding in a backwards spiral?
grandmom's gone crazy 
ehhhhhhhhh  i don't have time for pathetic-ness 
"up with baby brennnn  love 33, love him!"
why is butter so good on bread? it's you  smile 
doesn't feel well  sad 
grrrowl scratch meow! hahahah
texttttt  smile 
"everytime i leave somethin keeps pullin me back, me back "
blaaaaaaaaaaaaah
 sad 
i need a job!!!! anyone know anywhere hiring?????
its amazing how people can be so full of themselves when you want nothing they have 
happy birthday mom  sad 
is furious <propmale> was evicted tonight!
"lonely & bored, im me at baby xo <propmale> : ) "
"and you dont wanna fuck with a soldier  use your head, or i'll take it of ya shoulder "
wtf facebook?
"bed, then media tomorrow "
friday  smile !
super sunday: find me in media! smile 
fishworldddd!
no schoool tomorrow  laugh 
"\wawa is really magic\"" - scandle"""
join fishworld  smile !
1 finger nd im out cause bitch you dont deserve 2 : )
someone please revive my fish on fishworld  sad 
hump day!
weekends over: killll me
and these words they have no meaning if we cannot find the feeling that we held on to together    try your hardest to remember  annoyed 
facebook is so annoyinggggggggggggggg 
really bad mood  sad 
when my soul bleeds the color that im spillin is greeen 
"and you sir can go fuck yourself, have a good day "
would you like to forget?
someone take me to see paranormal activityyyy!!
about 50 of my fish died in fishworld    can someone revive them? thankssssss 
is dying her hair 
goodnighhhhtt 
easten state penatentary tomorrow  smile !
"<propfemale>, i love ya gurly: stay strong please! ?"
"good job, boys ?!"
fixed her ipod  smile  !!!!!
plans fucking ruined     !
"obviouslee, we don't have to <propmale> the pennant any moyer, but we still have to figure out <propmale> going to bring another one home  we have to keep rollins up the stairs because it's werth yelling with our hands in the eyre and hanging off the lidge because it will end in a victorino  if they follow the <propmale>, phillies' fans will be happy and we will rauuuuuul!"
has no one's number    please message me themmm  sad 
new lg env touch on wednesday  love  !
if you play farmville ask to be my neighbor   my computers being dumbbbb
610 955 2269 - text me with your first and last name  smile  !
new number: 610 955 2269
610 955 2269
stomach is killlling me
why am i awake so early?! attempting to go back to sleep  text 610 955 2269
"even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine "
"can someone gift me an animal besides a horse, pig, cow, or sheep on farmville  smile ?"
what's with everyone wearing those huge glasses?
needs cellphone <propfirst> still  text 610 955 2269
y?ga then bed
sick and bored  text
schoool again    text 
a little confuzzled 
the word ok looks like a sideways person  i've said ok my whole life and never noticed him  what's up little guy?
outttttttt  text
yoga  new south park @ 10  bed 
staying in tonight  tgif tomorrow!
"uh, nothing to do so reading, yoga, then going to bed i guess "
splittting headache  sad  wtf 
thanks to everyone for the happy birthdays!  smile 
had a great fucking weekend!!!  playful 
maybe to great of a weekend   lol  stayed home today  smile  
"pour my life into a paper cup, the ashtrays full and i'm spillin my guts "
schoooooool tomorrow  sad 
is eating raspberries  yum  smile  
wishes she could go back to sleep  sad  
yoga then bed 
facebook is acting strange 
yay my facebook is fixed  smile 
whats your dentist look like  wink ?
"i try to do right, and i can't figure out why i get schizo and psycho  i go jeckle to hyde  it's these voices inside, it's that darkness above me; makes me turn away from good to bad then to ugly  that's why drugs seem so lovely, like a way to escape  all this ugliness above me how much more can we take?"
"the facebook trick: press up,up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key, then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear  the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page   it will work! put this as your status if it works  <--- umm fucking sweeet!"
"i try to do right, and i can't figure out why i get schizo and psycho  i go jeckle to hyde  it's these voices inside, it's that darkness above me; makes me turn away from good to bad then to ugly  that's why drugs seem so lovely, like a way to escape  all this ugliness above me how much more can we take?"
its over i'm sober i'm sober i'm sober
 smile 
 smile 
finally got the laptop set up  smile 
deleted the myspace! woo!
back on the farmville   
would haiti help us if we had a destructive earthquake? no 
really wanna try my new webcam!
insannnee in the membraaaanee
sort of exhausted 
"your the cutest thing that i ever did see, i really like your peaches wanna shake your tree"
"all day, everydayyyy, i'm rockin' the nation  you hatin, still i'm creatin' that positive vibration  smile ~"
 love   love   love 
booored as shiiiit  text!!
<propfirst> darko or across the universe?
"\why are you wearing that stupid <propfemale> suit?!\""     \""why are you wearing that stupid man suit?\"""""
"had <propfemale> much fun in the snow and getting snowed in  smile   2 hour delay tomorrow, sleeeping in!"
"born in the north, and sworn <propfemale> enter<propfemale>in ya - 'cause i'm down for the s<propfemale>te of pennsylvania "
bout <propfemale> bubble babyyyy
can anyone help me get a job?!
bring on the blizzard!!
if anyone else uses aim anymore   im me at my new screenname (ask for it on chat  cause i dont want facebook knowing it)
stocked up on newps for the blizzard  smile 
fucking stuck in the house again today   pisseddddddddddd       
w t f  today is a complete fail 
feelin better
"\whoever invented the cigarette and cup of coffeee should have won a nobel prize  it's one of the greatest instant jolts you can get \"""""
no <propfemale> this is my pot pie! hahaha
valentines day tomorrow ?  smile 
tater tots
"god damn uncle <propfirst>, i'm not just a number - i'm just a man  i do not like green eggs and ham, i do not like them <propfirst> i am  gonna make a stand, fight the system and the new world plan, fight the fascists and the hidden hand, fight religion and the vatican  don't fuck with me cause i don't givafuk about politics, terrorists, propaganda!"
jammmin out over here  laugh 
"im chillin, im illlin  "
anyone in media today?
attention to 98% of the people at strath haven: i don't like you 
"know your enemies well, trust nothing and no one cause everything sucks  know your enemies well, don't sleep for a minute, cause that's when you're fucked  i don't know how you can live such a lie to yourself  "
sick  sad 
survivor: heroes vs  villans ?
you're a towel!
got a formspring thing aha   ask me shit i guess 
where the fuck is this snow?
"sick as shit still  annoyed    staying home again today to rest, and will hopefully feel alright tomorrow "
formspring me - danaaa1121    hahah i cant post the link to it for some reason   but i wanna answer some questions
"yoga, phone, then sleeping  waking up bright and early for school tomorrow, since this snow hasn't been sticking  smile   friday! ?"
no school 
not allowed out today  sad (((   
i know you wanna take an eye for an eye but pretty soon the whole world will be blind
survivor villians  smile 
"aint show no shame motherfucker     i'm gonna bet that i'm goin out with a bang    motherfucker     can't stop me gotta middle finger degree, out for everybody to see  *stay ready*"
its soooo nice out 
take a lick of this jelly sickle sickness
is happy with the way her life is going   things seem to be lookin up slowly after the last couple years  smile  
southpark is on right now!  
i don't see what anyone could see in anyone else but you  ?
bored     anyone wanna chill??
doin yoga   then getting some stuff done and maybe taking a walk  its a nice <propfemale> day  smile   call text to make plans!
 annoyed    
lost my glasses and my head hurts so fucking bad  sad (
4 months  smile  ?
hahah i fell for googles april fools joke  
gonna sneeze gonna sneeze gonna sneeze gonna sneeze     !!! *achoo* ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! - lmao i love family guy 
?
"in every life we have some trouble, but when you worry you make it double  dont worry, be happy!  smile "
there was a buffalo soljaaa    in thee heart of amereeca   stolen from afreeka   and brought to amereeca    smile 
got 2 free pairs of new glasses  smile 
"just got back from the camden aquarium and visiting her dad, brother & sister  good day  smile "
siiiick  sad 
"but my dreams, they aren't as empty, as my conscience seems to be "
doing some yoga to relax my scattered mind   
?
"i called up mama, she said, time will ease your pain  life's about changing, nothing ever stays the same  and she said, how can i help you to say goodbye? it's okay to hurt, and it's okay to cry  come let me hold you, and i will try  how can i help you to say goodbye?"
"\why did i wave to him? he had a dog on his lap  \"" hahahaha"""
weird 
oh my my oh hell yeah
yoga   then watching my shows nurse <propfirst> and united states of <propfemale>  smile 
its a stack of fuck shit on top of itself niggaa   
had a good time at the beach  smile 
job hunt is going welll  smile 
omggggggg tosh   
loves being <propfirst>  smile 
"all this ugliness above me how much more can we take till we break and we take back the world from these fake motherf***ers  i hate big brother, uh, do you think it's too late?"
i wanna know   have you ever seen the rain?
happy birthday to <propmale>  smile 
you dont gotta believe in your government   ya just gotta believe in your country
ghost huntin'  playful 
i dont see what anyone could see in anyone else but you  smile 
anybody wanna go job hunting with me tomorrow??
"fuck online applications!! cant someone go somewhere and introduce themselves and fill out applications   everythings so impersonal now, what if i wanna make an impression?!"
"alright, don't worry, even if things end up a bit too heavy we'll all float on alright "
"<propmale> being me: \give me a plate with 2 pickles   and a cup of ranch dressing   thatll be all\"""""
like i said before i'll say it once more  knew you would make me feel so good  wanna do you right  can't get enough  this is the stuff life's about and it trips me out  wanna do you right ~ 311
trying to quit smoking   havent had one yet today  nic fitting like a bitch!!!
still going strong  
anyone wanna go to the springfield mall with me   ? (please)  smile 
"day 2 of quitting smoking  still doing good, got alot of stuff done today!!"
"its bitter baby and its very sweet    im on a roller coaster but i'm on my feet  take me to the river let me on your shore, i'll be comin back, baby, i'll be comin back for more  doo doo doo doo dingle zinga <propfirst> bone badi bada bazumba crunga cong gone bad "
taking a walk up to bpike to check in with some places about work  ~ wish me luck please guys!!! i need it lol
just got back  filled out 2 applications    no word on other places i applied to  the only thing i got was a work out  this is so hard    !!
i could never change just what i feel  my face will never show what is not real  i couldve lied i'm such a fool    my eyes could never never never keep their cool
"you've already won me over in spite of me\and dont be alarmed if i fall head over feet\and dont be suprised if i love you for all that you are\i couldnt help it\its all your fault"
beaaans n cornbread
cant wait to see <propmale> tomorrow  smile  & watch the season premiere of weeds
"septa, wtf? let me see what time the train comes  i need to go to media!"
"i've seen a <propmale> man beg, i've seen a good man sin, i've seen a tough man cry, i've seen a loser win, and a sad man grin, i heard an honest man lie  i've seen the good side of bad, the down side of up, and everything in between      then you really might know what its like"
got a job interview tomorrow afternoon!! wish me luck everyone  kinda in a pissed-off mood today but whatever   at least i have something to hope for 
got a job  smile !! starting mondayyy! so exited and happy!
"we cant jump the track were like cars on a cable, and lifes like an hour glass glued to the table"
"i'm broke but i'm happy  i'm poor but i'm kind  i'm short but i'm healthy, yeeeah  i'm high but i'm grounded  i'm sane but i'm overwhelmed  i'm lost but i'm hopeful, baaaby  what it all comes down to    is that everything's gonna be fine, fine, fine "
inception or the last exorcism??
~happy birthday mommy~ miss you so much  sad 
"when you have completed what you thought you had to do and your bloods depleted to the point of stable glue, then you'll get along, then you'll get along "
"meow meow, yo!!"
grrrrrrr! work in a lil bit   hopefully it'll be a good day and put me in a better moood  love my work buddies! ?
"visiting my dad, sister, and brother with <propmale> today!! so excited i miss them"
got my state id finally!    workin til 8 tonite 
"if you were falling, i'd catch you  you need a light, i'd find a match  'cause i love the way you say good morning, and you take me the way i am "
whoever made this hoagie im eating is the sloppiest hoagie maker i've ever encountered  
i didnt know my shit had legs nd could walk out of my bag and right out the door    guess we learn somethin new everday    !!
my heart goes out to a wonderful woman and school nurse mrs  mccormick  stay strong    we know u can pull through this  shhs would never be the same with out you! ?
"i hate hot, rainy days!"
rip mrs  mccormick  you will be missed very much 
"i am a little bit of loneliness, a little bit of disregard - a handful of complaints but i can't help the fact that everyone can see these scars "
yay sunchips are switching those loud ass bags back to the regular ones !!
really dont feel like workin lol but gotta do what i gotta do   at least i get my paycheck today  smile 
<propfemale> bored today! 6 o clock come already   !
so stressed out   about to reach my limit soon  gotta turn this around quick   pleaseee something good happen today  annoyed  
it could be better   but it could be worse
got the sims 3 for pc    hell yeahh  wink 
had a long day!! finally time to relax  smile 
cant e playful lain my love for hed pe in words   
busy day   ! cant wait for thursday!!
holy crap i'm so excited for <propmale> waters tonite   !!! my bf is the bestttt  smile 
had a great time last nite   what a show!!
despite all my rage i am still just a rat in a cage
"i wish if i deleted my facebook i wouldn't disappear from the face of the earth lol  its like u need a facebook to have a social life anymore, just sayin!!"
thx for the bday wishes everybody  i had a great weekend  smile 
its impossible to sleep when a train comes every 10 minutes    
"but i wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest cause there's alot of shit i keep bottled that hurts deep inside of my soul  and just know that i grow colder the older i grow  this boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold, and this load is like the weight of the world and i think my neck is breakin'   should i just give up, or try to live up to these e playful ectations?? - hailie's song eminem"
"most people have 1000 wishes for christmas; a cancer patient only has one,toget better  i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status, but myfriends will be the 3% that do  in honor of someone who has died, or isstill fighting, or survived cancer"
"all i have to say to whoever is in charge of facebook     \if its not broken dont fix it\""    the newsfeed that updates itself by the second was enough   its not necessary for everyone who i'm friends with on here to see what i write to other people from my profile <propfemale>   theres a fine line between convienence and excessiveness """
i got my hairs cuttttttttttt      sad  miss it already but it will grow back eventually
dark side of oz !
anybody wanna come to the mall with me tomorrow??  smile 
"just looking out on the day of another dream   where you can't get what you want, but you can get me  so lets set up to see   cause you are my medicine when your close to me, when your close to me "
does anybody have a nintendo 64 they can sell me??
umm i hate this new profile      wtf is goin on????
every year is getting shorter    never seem to find the time  plans that either come to naught or half a <propfemale> of scribbled lines 
i was really sick the past couple days nd couldnt smoke cigarettes   so i figured i might as well quit    day 3 is so hard    
first day back at work today  feelin about 90% better   i hate being sick!!
its been over a week with no cigarette  its workin out pretty well  
"well, i wont back down  no, i wont back down  you can stand me up at the gates of hell, but i wont back down  no, i'll stand my ground, won't be turned around and i'll keep this world from draggin me down    and i wont back down"
