6cd3063835e062b8bf712b6a45a90255
everyone    i dont ask for much    but please pray to whatever you believe in for my friend <propfirst> <propmale> and her fiancee chucky they had an accident on an atv and are both in pretty bad shape 
mayhem on saturday    totally going to get my ass kicked haha
mayhem tomorrow!!! =od
mayhem was epic to the most extreme of levels!!! =o)
cedar point best place ever huh? fuck cedar point!
something something darkside    something something complete!!!
woah dude a new shrek movie comes out in may!!! =o)
one more night of work then 5 days off  smile 
1 1 11  is todays date    semi spooky =o 
did you say hey blinkin or <propmale> <propmale>?
ugh snow    this sucks
epic fail!!!
why do i feel so bitter all the time now    ugh
ya know its weird how good of a mood i'm in today    i mean i had 4 hours of sleep and have to work today and for no particular reason at all i'm    happy and excited  i played guitar for 3 5 hours today and enjoyed every minute of it    maybe things are finally going to start lookin up  smile 
is going to a concert tomorrow!!! in the words of the kool aid man i can only say    ohhh yeah
"bed, wakeup, food, lost, and then lost planet    its going to be a good day"
i iz <propmale> <propmale>!! =o)
2 days off!!! hells yes
"your the most gracious of hosts, i may be invited, girl, but i'm not coming in"
mmm    i love me some papa johns
 surprise  woah dude
bored and at home    anyone want to <propfemale> out?
just got the original perfect dark on xbox 360    kick ass!!!
in life even if we don't know what'll happen we have to keep our dreams alive so we can have something to look forward to 
i know how you feel my friend haha
hmm <propmale> <propfirst> announced he's gay    who didn't already guess that haha
happy easter everyone spread the joy to others around you  smile 
ahh 70 degree weather with a slight breeze if this is as close as we`ll get to heaven on earth =o)
my lifelong goal is to be like <propfirst> sweet    i plan to accomplish this starting by lobbing mini snickers at todlers oh this should be fun haha
so i'm not sure how i feel about coheed's new cd hmm
is strangely in a great mood for no particular reason at all =od
thanks to my mom i now think i have a great goal in life and plan for the future =o) thx momma 
ah i love getting woke up mid day by screaming children    joy    ya should probably reconsider ever being a parent
i can still remember the words and what they've meant as we etched them our fingers in years of wet cement
finally beat god of war three  smile 
thank god for i pod's and its many user gym partner cart pushing assistant and its magnificant ability to drown out a loud baby crying oh i love you i pod
^-^
hello world very brisk morning outside eh?
oh left foot why do you have to be a d bag and hurt non stop for the last week
spending the day with <propfirst> and the other homies before his big move
so i just got insulted by the waitress at the <propfemale> buffet seriously    it was epic    i died a little on the inside
my phone is shot  if i don't answer your  calls or texts i'm sorry i may or may not be able to see it for a bit   msg me on here if u need me
"env3 can burn in hell!!! my phone is screwed again    you'll have to get ahold of me in person, xbox, or through here to get in touch with me if you need me for anything "
wonder what kind of adventure life will take me through next hmm??
i wanna fly to <propfirst> and they from there to la come on plane crash i wanna be on the island =o)
"we've waited far too long to, watch it all crash and fall through, so  when you feel like shit you've gotta keep on pushin,"
are those sad tissues    or happy tissues? lol
thinking i should probably refrain from buying any new pants from wal-mart   
had an amazing day! <propfemale> my dear you are the best  smile 
its been a great weekend so far lets see how awesome today turns out to be
ugh not drinking again for quite a while thanks for birthday wishes everyone
i'm almost at 30 hours straight without sleep yayz
if you are looking at my status right now i want you to know something very important     you just lost the game haha
the entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one other person 
ugh such a headache    i hate how bad my allergies are    so annoying
do you know what its like to be your own worst enemy?
half way through my 8 day marathon at work ugh tonight and three more nights then two days off
when life gives you lemons say f those lemons and find a new god!!!
dear sore throat you are not welcome    please go away and never return    if you pass go do not collect $200
you ever have those days where nothing special happens at all but yet you are in an abnormally good mood? well thats me today    woop woop  smile 
oh my belly so full can't eat another bite  smile 
im going to have myself a sexy party! ooh <propfemale> =o) lol
give me all your lovin    all your hugs and kisses too  smile 
day 8 of work in a row    such relief two days off starting tomorrow  smile 
just signed up for netflix =o)
insomnia you are a douche bag    that is all
two o clock    seriously    ugh insomnia is kicking my ass old school like right now
playing pool at brewskies with <propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfemale>    good times  smile 
heading <propmale> c bus to get poked by needles woot!
shun the non believers!!!!
oh mr bucket you're the one you make suicide lots of fun please mr bucket let me stick my head in you hahaha  smile 
"got off work today and walked outside to find my truck seran wrapped and\ the windows all covered with window chalk lol"
ah god this migraine is kicking my ass  sad 
feels like a new man migraine you can screw yourself
yeah so air conditioner units up and down a twenty foot ladder for over an hour equals bad times haha
rip <propmale> you were a good man  sad 
9 pm lost i'm excited  smile 
massive amounts of time traveling this week omg i hate allergies
"if heaven is a place where the angels go, well then i've got a story to tell, if heaven is a place where the angels go, then i guess you're going straight to hell!!!"
anyone want to go with me to see the new shrek on friday night?
"welcome to my world\\where everyone i ever need always ends up leaving me alone \\another lesson burned\\and i'm drowning in the ashes\\kicking\\screaming\\welcome to my world"
dear impossible game i hate you    i see orange squares in my nightmares  you suck   sincerely with hate disgruntled gamer
do my babies have hooves or talons haha
this time this place misused mistakes too long too late who was i to make you wait    nickelback is awesome in concert  smile  watching them right now
"i love going to concerts its so much fun but, i hate the traffic jam's you have to sit and wait through after its over    sooo annoying =o "
going to cry tonight    no more lost  sad 
ahh theses nothing better in life than watching a friend wash your truck because he wants to go to a concert and has no moneys haha
lost oh how wonderful you are i am glad you had such a great ending despite <propmale>  feeling otherwise  he is a weird people but i loves him like a bro anyway   smile 
<propfirst> grey    you were truely a fantastic musician who had barely reached your prime    may you rest in peace    slipknot will never be the same now     sad 
"<propmale> i would like to congratulate you on your lifetime achievement award for serving as my alarm clock   thank you for always being consistent   sincerely, <propfirst>"
sometimes i need to remember just to breathe
living is easy    when your eyes are closed  smile 
if we can't live together    then we're going to die alone
lets see apparently twelve pallets of freight is only 3 hours of work? wtf??
out shooting with sky  smile 
teenagers scare the living shit out of me they could care less as long as long as someone will bleed
"burning on just like a match you strike to incinerate \\the lives of everyone you know \\and what's the worst you take (worst you take)\\from every heart you break (heart you break)\\and like the blade you stain (blade you stain)\\well i've been holding on tonight"
ïïïïïïïïïïïïïïïï insert lyrics to an amazing song since thats my status 90% of the time anyway =o)
starts vacation in less than twenty four hours    shit yeah!!!    smile 
hurry up 7 am    vacation is nearly here!
vacation! shit yeah!!
heading out the door  i will see ya'll when i return  goodbye <propmale> and 20 hours from now (estimated) hello new york city  smile 
well long bus rides are good for one thing    catching up on some reading you've been meaning to do for six months haha   smile 
we are in wheeling west <propfemale> still on the bus heading to new york
still on our way to new york  we are now in pittsburgh  smile 
we are now at new york city's bus station thank god we are off this bus for two days haha
we are now at new york city's bus station thank god we are off this bus for two days haha
i am chilling at times square in new york city
new yorks pizza kicks ass  smile 
about to watch green day's american idiot    the play
i forgot how wonderful it is to be able to sleep at night time  last full day in nyc gotta make this day an amazing one  smile 
you can do anything ya want    anything    as long as you've got the guts to make it happen
we are home    thank god there is no more bus!
why am i suddenly unable to sleep past two?
i  love  myshare bonus checks =o)
feels as though a ton of bricks has been lifted off my shoulders  its been a good day
hadn't really noticed how terrible myspace is about spammers    soooo many o o
when it rains it pours   
i'm liking this becoming a comic book guy  its pretty awesome    such amazing stories  smile 
"nintendo is bringing back donkey kong, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and kid icaris  this is going to be a good gaming year  smile "
just had a dream about zombies    how about that
i just wrote a blog about that awesome zombie dream i had please read it and comment on it  smile 
pretty much feels that disappearing for a while is a good idea 
i'm going to steal this one from <propmale>  woot and or woot!?!
just finished <propmale> season one  wow that show is amazing  smile 
"do not grieve, end the suffering\we will live, live eternal"
is having a cook out this evening anyone want to come? call or text if you're interested 528 0097
just so ya'll know the cook out this evening is a pitch in but it will be tons of fun  smile  give me a call or text if you want to come 528 0097
oh legs why do you hate me haha
omg disorganization is causing so much chaos in <propfemale> brain ahh o o
we've all been sorry we've all been hurt but how we survive is what makes us who we are
1 more night of shit then 2 days off!
i hate it when ya wake up feeling energized thinking yeah that was a great day's sleep and ya look at the clock and its been a little over an hour    ugh
a little over 3 weeks to mayhem hell yeah metal!!
slept twelve hours today and woke up still feeling tired not fun 
i'm going to sing the doom song now  doom de doom doom doom de doom doom de doom  smile 
has a bitchin migrane    bad day  sad 
just spent twenty dollars on just pop tarts and so-be haha
oh <propfemale> god i want to take a vacation in the paradice of hawaii even if i have to suffer through conquering my dear of air travel o o
hmm to call in or not to call in that is the question o o
come on seven!
holy shit <propmale> season two is amazing o o
one more night'
one more night
wow <propmale> is pretty amazing season two ended awesomely
predators further proved that <propmale> rebber is topher grace
feeling sick as shit
is currently enjoying the little things in life because a baby firefly just landed on his hand  smile  life is beautiful 
twelve days and fifteen minutes until the day of metals musics is upon us! mayhem!!!
countdown to mayhem    11 days and counting!!!
in one hour it isten days til mayhem  despicable me is an amazing movie  smile 
this is the last night you'll spend alone look me in the eyes so i know you know i'm everywhere you need me to be
mayhem countdown 9 days until all hell breaks loose!
mayhem countdown 8 days away!
why is it every time i hear ten speed by coheed and cambria i think of kingdom hearts?
<propfirst> sweet i don't feel like doing the countdown today  how many days until mayhem?
five days until mayhem! nate loucks on a scale of one to ten how excited are you to see a little band from bakersfield named korn?
four days til mayhem so again i ask nate loucks how excited are you to see a little band from bakersfield named korn
lost in thought of what could have been and what i feel will be in store with what time i have left
3 days to mayhem omg
holy  crap manager just let me off work tonight ya know what that means? 4 day weekend! mayhem!
two days til mayhem!
one more day to wait then the day is here!
mayhem today bitches  smile 
atreyu up next  smile 
word to the wise don't throw the sod at a concert
you can bomb the world into pieces but you cannot bomb it into peace
getting drunk in bloomington with some good friends life is good  smile 
sleepy time  smile 
distraction i'm pretty sure is the only thing keeping me sane
ya i just watched <propfirst> ck he is so funny i am tearing up a bit
just arrived in cincinnati at the creed and skillet concert  smile  its going to be a good day
"concert as a whole was pretty good skillet was phenomenal but, creed    well they were probably one of the most boring bands i've ever seen live"
just finished <propmale> season three and it was really a great season also i can't wait to watch season four in time for five to start  smile 
<propfirst> if your life had a face i'd punch it in the balls
i remember when all the games began remember every little lie and every last goodbye
so i'm definately feelin like an idiot
ya so i just finished season 4 of <propmale> and i want to cry    its so sad  i'm not sure how i feel about it 
late night come home work sucks i know
gamestop is coming to <propmale>  smile 
if i close my eyes forever will it all stay the same
is in desperate need of change
the walls between you and i always are pushing us apart nothing left but scars fight after fight
stuck  waiting for what seems to be the longest train of all time holy shit o o all i want is sleep why do they deny me of what i need! bah ramble ramble
why is it this week i've had nothing but dreams about pennywise the clown also known as it?
dole orange pineapple and banana juice with planters <propfemale> roasted nuts for lunch equals a good day  smile 
how i love my two days off  smile 
back to work tonight    blah
mmm tomato soup and grilled cheese it hits the spot every time  smile 
going to get poked by needles    should be fun right?
i has     brownies! success!!!
"there are no unbeatable odds \there are no unbelievable gods\there are no un-namable names\shall i say it again, yeah\there are no impossible dreams\there are no invisible seams\each night when the night is through \i don't ask much \i just want you"
just bought disturbed and stone sour's new albums  smile  its been a good day already
what why is there a fing polar bear on the island what the hell haha very nice miss <propfemale> alka best reaction to that part i've ever heard lol
bull mountain don't go changin
wtf why am i still awake o o
i'm guessing you are not on the bright side? of the intelligence spectrum   
ugh why did i wake up at eleven    again
did we take the time to really discover how little we know about each other
i for one hate it when i get mosquito bites on my back in just the right spot to where i can't reach it the ultimate form of torture!
eating at the <propfemale> garden with the family  smile  gigity goo
why would you leave our guidance chip at home!?! to make room for the cupcake  smile 
jesus was the original  zombie
you fake your damnation    you pray for salvation    because your heart is made of stone you can die and rot alone!
off work at and home chilling  smile  if ya got my number feel free to text 
so i have to say this and listen close because it could very well change your life forever    <propfemale> nut chex mix is the shit    that is all  smile 
ugh i feel like shit    this sucks
so i'm startin to lose my voice    ugh
"little supernovas in my head, \little soft pauses in my dead, \little souveneers and secrets shared, \little off guard and unprepared, \i was never good enough to find, \i was never bad enough to mind, \in the middle i will do my best, \take me in your arms and leave the rest"
got some lasagna for dinner and i'm about to watch the season premise of <propmale> tis a good day  smile 
about to watch the exorcist with some friends  smile 
boy i'm liking the silent setting on my phone    haven't been woke up while trying to sleep in 3 days it is glorious  smile 
just saw that beauty and the beast is going on sale october fifth it brought the kid in me back to life    i must own that movie!
yay for not sleeping well on nights you work =o 
thank you <propfirst> sweet for causing me to have a headache because you have some strange obsession with air horns    you sir are a d bag    that is all
i'm still tryin to figure out how to tell you i was wrong can't fill the emptiness inside since you've been gone so is it you or is it me i know i said things that i didn't mean but you should've known me by now    you should've known me 
why is it not october 12 yet? bfmv rocks!!
i just won the lion <propmale> movies on ebay shit yeah! lol
i just beat metal gear twin snakes  smile  woot
thank you phone for being a pile of suck
tuesday where are you? you need to be here now   
i  love  family get togethers =od
how about that    just saw a couple on a motorcycle and the girl in the back seat was not holding on but was texting
late night come home work sucks i know
bullet tonight!!!! rawr
bullet is up next omg
omg what a show  smile 
so i had another dream about zombies today completely different from last time too with the most random group of people that were with my group of survivors lol
just got back from the dentist and found out i get to get my wisdom teeth cut out    fun fun
i want my reptar bar!!!
so anyone in evansville by <propmale> and not busy?
i'm on my way home from evansville oh 3 days off why do you have to end?
off to get me some chinese foods   smile 
ok since i'm in a good mood today i will just simply put insert happy go lucky upbeat status update here for me because i feel like --> (  ) i should be lazy  smile 
ok since i'm in a good mood today i will just simply put insert happy go lucky upbeat status update here --> (  ) for me because i feel like i should be lazy  smile 
omg this sucks sleeping amazingly and then being awaken from your slumber by mother nature to say hey i'm about to ruin your day   you now have to pee!  crap!
dear insomnia you are a cold hearted bitch i hate you    that is all thank you
i love it when i walk into the bathroom in any public place and someone had taken a deuce and didn't bother to flush    grody bastards
i love layin down watchin feel good movies  smile  can't get much better than this
am i still your charm or am i just bad luck are we getting closer or are we just getting more lost
i just listened to tears don't fall five full times on my way back from <propmale> and belted the words out every time and it didn't get old man i  love vbfmv =o)
ya so question to everyone: does anyone know cheapish recipe for jungle juice thats both tastey and powerful that can be done in a shortish timeframe
i hate this whole not being able to sleep for more than 4 hours at a time thing thats been annoying me for the last few weeks
omg shinedown how i love you http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ahzbqt1l9ta
i am really becoming a huge fan of linkin parks minutes to midnight album its a lot better than i originally thought =o)
"doing my best to overcome the \sad bastard\"" persona that has been pokin around causin me shit for years screw you emo like persona! lol"""
"i'm still winning my battle against the \sad bastard\"" persona i think i may finally have gotten rid of that d-bag once and for all  smile """
"i'll be watching, waiting, dreadful, shaking will the storm pass over us today? will the lightning strike our sins away? watching, waiting, falling, shaking will the storm pass over us today? or is the future looking grey?  (atreyu - storm to pass)"
insert a thought provoking status update here
got to clean out ol <propfemale> and make her all pretty again  smile 
i will humor this forward just for the simple reason i just don't care lol: poke me if u ever had a crush on me  like this if u think im a good friend  inbox me if u ever wanted a relationship with me  comment on this status if we had a good memory together  (now lets see who's brave enough to copy & paste this
spent 4 hours today cleaning his truck only to find out its supposed to rain ugh
working on making chocolate and strawberry delight for work's thanksgiving pitch in tonight  smile 
i? am number one 2 is not? a winner and 3 nobody remembers
out on a country cruise with <propmale> hatton watching the sun come up  smile 
<propfirst> 29 why are you not here yet?
ok correction why is <propfirst> 30 not here yet?
i'm growing so distant nothing makes sense to me anymore i'm learning to resist becoming more than you ever were   can't e playful lain whats come over me can't e playful lain why its so hard for me    so hard to see your side
you keep talkin but we both know its not true i still know that your wrong and no matter what we both have to go through i just can't i can't hold on
sooo ya no more mtn dew before bed    weird ass dreams that caused me to wake up wide awake after only 2 hours of sleep    crazy shit though   
flu i have nothin nice to say about you  please just go away and leave me in peace\\nshrek o o
is going to attempt to eat some jello\\nshrek o o
no matter how many times i hear it tears don't fall never gets old bullet is just simply put amazing  smile \\nshrek o o
"just time traveled again    i'm over the cold ass weather fluxuating to warm and back to cold    old man winer you sir, are an ass hole"
omg so much bird poop    never seen so much bird poo in all my life the real crapper is i just got the truck washed last week haha
the big c is such an amazing show definately cried a little watching the finale\\nshrek o o
i hope everyone has a wonderful thanksgiving eat lots of yummy food for your belly and have fun while doing it  smile  \\nshrek o o
ya <propfirst> vick is a good football player so good in fact i think he's in negotiations to be the next spokes person for petsmart\\nshrek o o
why do i suddenly have the urge to break something?
"sometimes i just want to copy someone else’s status, word for word, and see if they notice "
we've all been sorry we've all been hurt    but how we survive is what makes us who we are
why does society get on my nerves? ok i'll answer that    <propfirst> beiber trading cards exist thats almost worse than twilight   
these nosebleeds are seriosly getting old
i wonder what started my strange love for penguins    if i could own a penguin by god i would!
season five of <propmale> you are some sort of amazing
never put off til tomorrow\\n\\nanything\\n\\nyou can put off completely\\nshrek
curse you third shift \\nshrek
i want to defeat the evil christmas wizard with my <propfemale> cane nunchucks then summon the christmas pteridactol to help me with the task at hand!
the meaning of christmas is season 1 of lost on dvd    thank you lost (abed from community
<propmale> you are awesome please hurry with season six!
so <propfirst> what are you doing at 6 surprise 0 am on your day off? i'm sittin at home drinkin a beer watching happy feet  smile  lol
i'm probably going to let my beard grow out for winter burr\\nshrek
"lost my phone so if you try to contact me you won't reach me until i get a new phone facebook, myspace, or xbox live will the the only ways to get ahold of me "
verizon called the house today and said someone turned in my phone! yay so i have a phone again feel free to text whenever
i was looking back on my life and all the things i've done to me i'm still looking for the answers i'm still searching for the key
no matter what you do i'm here for you   
apparently high school doesnt end when you graduate    some people need to grow up and take responsibility for their actions
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
rip the rev you've been gone for a whole year now =o(
"please put this as your status if you are a geek! and you know someone who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can totally breathe fire  60% of people aren't geeks and won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons  38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, and the remaining 2% are geeks and will re-post "
goodbye 2010 you will not be missed    you pretty much sucked and 2011 i have high hopes for you i hope your better than predecessor
getting all 4 wisdom teeth cut out this morning and i'm not looking forward to it  sad 
good god man    my mouth is still bleeding    only its not as bad as yesterday but still
"and i can always find her, at the bottom of a plastic cup drowning in drunk sincerity a sad and lonely girl"
snow your only good once a year we don't want you anymore go away
eating chocolate fudge while drinking chocolate milk sounds healthy right? haha
loving the new rise against song  smile   help is on the way!!!
ugh i hate valentines day such a downer
"march 15, 2011 is when the new rise against cd comes out! i'm definately getting it on that day  smile "
seize the day or die regretting the time you've lost
good morning facebook how are my people today?
"in the car i just can't wait to pick you up on our very first date  is it cool if i hold your hand? is it wrong that i think its lame to dance? do you like my stupid hair? would you guess i didn't know what to wear? i'm too scared of what you think you make me nervous so i really can't eat don't go, dont wait, this night's almost over   honest, lets make this night last forever"
come on pittsburgh  lets kick some new york ass!
hell yes! go pittsburgh
i wonder if <propfirst> and <propfemale> are going to have a wedding cake or a big wedding pie\\nshrek
ugh i feel like poop  sad  hopefully i feel better by the weekend
my mind is tore    playing madden 2011 listening to crazy train on the tv and then my itunes pops up with mr  crowley and holy crap my mind goes nuts too much awesome for one short time frame! lol
i  love  supernatural  smile 
damnit volgin that is why we can't have nice things you're always breaking shit with your electricity blasts    you should probably take some anger management courses
"heading to evansville here shortly to see <propfirst>, krissi, and <propfemale> and    avenged sevenfold, stone sour, and hollywood undead =od"
"dear \the boss\"" you are officially an ass hole    sincerely disgruntled metal gear player"""
man it is hella cold in my house  old man winter you are a jerk and need to go away
found out i'm off superbowl sunday  smile  go steelers \\nshrek
getting twelve hundred back on taxes  smile 
"i want all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me  but, i want you to lie  that's right  just make stuff up  after you comment, copy this to your status so i can do the same "
drunk by 8    come on steelers your better than that   
my team lost  sad 
come on let the roast begin  my team lost give me shit if your going to\\nshrek
starting metal gear solid 4    lets see if this game lives up to the hype
well in about twenty seven hours i put in enough game time to beat metal gear solid 4 and oh my god it was one of the best games ever created
yay 3 weeks and 2 days without a soda pop =o) i'm on a roll
well this is my official goodbye to my manager <propfemale> she's going to <propmale>    douchebag  smile 
oh peyton manning you really are a greedy bastard aren't you    do you really need 23 million dollars to play football for a year?
to everyone out there never buy an env 3 phone they suck    terrible phones!
i has droid x  smile 
i want to sparta kick something    why you might ask my response is simply it sounds like fun  smile 
getting nom nomz then getting sleepz yay  joyful 
ugh what a crappy weekend  sad 
who all owns an xbox 360 and has live? if so whats your tag?
just bought bulletstorm  smile  therefore i has gears 3 beta
things are finally looking up  smile 
congrats to <propmale> vanhoosier and samanrha small for the birth of their baby boy <propmale> <propfirst>  smile 
brick why do you have a hand grenade?
i love <propfemale> twin
back to wok tonight for a seven day stretch     annoyed \\n
when i start plotting my days off why is it all all i can hear is the imperial march playing in the back of my mind???
avalanche tour here i come  smile 
so a cobra is loose at the bronx zoo    good times right
just joined anytime fitness
ugh i feel like shit
has lost 7 lbs  smile 
8  at work
gears of war 3 beta omg!
you are the antidote that gets me ny something strong like a drug that gets me high
curse typos!
oh mortal kombat 9 you are amazing    even your online play is amazing  smile  you really are the perfect mk game
im looking to the sky to save me lookin for a sign of life lookin for somethin to help me burn out bright  smile 
"when you are feeling down or sad just remember once upon a time you were the fastest out of 300,000,000 sperm  be proud  smile  lol"
i will give you anything to say you want to stay you want me too  say you'll never die you'll always haunt me i want to know i belong to you    say you'll haunt me 
spent 103 $ on gas today     wtf
just sitting at a stop light and i see a kid in parked car at papa johns picking his nose    groovy lol\\nshrek
we are what we are til the day we die or until we don't have the strength to go on
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes i've never had so many people wish me a happy birthday in one day before thank you all so much you are awesome  smile 
