0fc7cc8d6aef67d63073aa059f8b27d4
"so- i invited the paynes to new year's night at my house through fb instant message to <propfirst> payne and he declined   imagine my surprise when they call the next day to invite us over! i'd instant messaged <propfirst> myatt!  man! sorry for the mix-up <propmale>!  for the record, had you accepted- i would have been so excited to learn my mistake when ya'll showed up at our house  smile "
is feeling extremely relaxed   <propfemale> is the best massage therapist ever!
has officially transformed our guest room into an actual guest room- yay <propmale> & <propfemale> coming!
vacation tomorrow!  so excited!
and so commences the long standing sills tradition of stalling on packing until the wee hours of the day before a trip 
ah home sweet home after a fabulous vacation with my wonderful hubby   life doesn't get better than this!
i love a good morning swim!  gets the day going right 
is loving her brown roof and shutters!  it's like a completely different house!
definitely one of the best 4ths ever for me 
off to yearbook camp       again!  this time just me and <propfemale>- no kids to worry about- should be awesome  smile 
camp is fun- but i miss my staff!!!
hmmm       so good to be home 
taught daddy how to swim freestyle correctly       now he's lapping me twice as fast      should have left him to his pinwheel'n ways!
good to see <propfirst> today!  (in real life- not just on facebook  smile 
doing dishes with 3 teenage girls is an interesting way to spend the evening!
"there were 4 moons   i thought that was odd, but my parents didn't   they also didn't think it was all that imperative to get out of the water when i saw a shark either   but they did   to humor me   i hate nap dreams "
yay- i love edjumacation!  great first day- minus all the insurance blah blah of course 
yay school  smile   and sleep- need more sleep     
ok- well- my alarm didn't go off this morning      but other than that- first day was good   balancing 3 preps and yearbook is going to be interesting 
yearbook consumes my brain 
<propmale> escaped this morning   stupid hamster   i am eternally grateful for a husband who loves me enough to hunt hamsters in his spare time!
yay cruise!
yay cruise!
my hubby is wonderful 
<propfemale> wars : classic   <propfemale> wars concert : classicaller
ah yearbook newbies and the 1st soft deadline      
so- is it still a sign of love and adoration to get rolled?      
they said things would be different now that <propmale>'s a pastor   i didn't believe them   my yard has proven them right  smile 
"um       my phone is officially awol   i noticed it missing this weekend- but there's no telling how long it's been gone   so, <propfemale> rinehart,  i'm sorry i've missed the call i'm sure i've missed by now   i love you- and thanks for being my friend even though i'm so anti-social i don't even notice my phone is missing for days  smile "
yeah!  new year's with the irby's tomorrow!  at my house no less!  who am i and what have i done with me?!
school time again      boo   yearbook deadline today- yay!  i love my editor   why else would i be here an hour early!  it's the least i can do considering she doesn't have to be here at all today!
yay avitar  smile  <propfirst> payne you are so right 
i love youversion com!
"why can’t work itself be like weekends — autonomous, self-directed pursuits that lead toward mastery and are animated by connection and  purpose? - <propfirst> pink"
snow days are great for organizing sock drawers 
god answers prayers!
yay painted wall  smile   i feel so successful  smile   no more reminder of leaky chimney cap!
such sadness
will the world please stop spinning so i can tell <propfemale> rinehart my stories!  i just want to talk to <propfemale>- is that too much to ask in a weekend!
let the record show: i am packed well before midnight   i don't know what to do with myself 
"home, and        yearbook time! everybody pray my amazing staff gets everything done tomorrow!"
finally!  the yearbook is done! yay!
yay for sunlight in the morning!
"my yearbook staff is awesome  smile   good day guys, good day "
i love when students run into me at walmart and seem suprized i exist outside of school  smile 
"<propfemale> garden with cousin <propfemale> <propfemale> wooley, good   wonderful conversation, good   white chocolate rasberry cheesecake, soooooooo good "
thoroughly enjoyed the ccs play today  smile   yay drama!  i was extremely impressed with the stage in the middle of the atrium- very cool 
the mulch is done thanks to my wonderful hubby giving me a jump start   now my yard is all perdy  smile 
"great weekend!  yearbook dinner in atlanta with good company friday, ren fest yesterday, family dinner last night- and now great worship at cbc!"
yearbooks are here!  and they look great!
i'm so thankfull for such a wonderful hubby  smile 
i came home to a wonderful surprise- i now have a stairless backporch!  i love my hubby!
so today my wonderful hubby got out of bed at 7 in the morning on his day off!!!1! to bring my car in from the rain before i left for work   he's so amazing 
"i love ender, but bean is my favorite "
"thank you guys for all the happy birthdays  smile   kudos to facebook for allowing an introvert like me to be so blessed by so many friends, church friends, work friends, students, family, high school buddies      who knew i even knew this many people!  i feel so special  smile "
so i'm wearing my beautiful fucia shirt from <propfemale> <propfemale> payne and enjoying my beautiful orange pink day lillies from <propfemale> sills irby- i think my sisters are trying to tell me i need more color in my life  smile   they may be right!
i love my yearbook staff 
<propfemale> <propfemale> payne is a magician!  my back feels sooooo much better! yay!
looking forward to my hubby speak'n this morning   join me at cbconline tv at 9 smile 0 and 11!
can't wait for our spontanious sis night at <propfemale> <propfemale> payne's place tonight!
yay for wonderful vacation!  and for being unpacked within an hour of being home!
yay for phantom of the opera!  i love special nights with my amazing hubby!  smile 
"ah, lunch with <propfemale> washburn - my cheeks hurt from smiling too long!  love those kinds of lunches  smile "
i love wal-mart runs with my best friend <propfemale> rinehart - even when wal-mart is a bust!  smile 
it's not even tomorrow yet and i'm already thankful for <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale>t cooper!
looking forward to this school year!  we'll see if i still feel that way after tomorrow  smile 
wow! i am such an introvert   have'ta re-adjust to talking to kids all day   but i love my students- so i'll get over it  smile 
"so i get home last night and my hubby wisks me off to dinner- during which he tells me about his busy, busy day   as i'm listening to all the computer craziness he deals with- and not understanding most of it- i'm wondering- when in the world did this man have time to pick up groceries and clean the kitchen?!!!1!  i'm so spoiled  smile "
good day today  smile   i love my students   thank you god for letting me be involved in the lives of young people!
yay for baby shower pool parties  smile 
introduced my nephew and daddy to the mentos in the coke trick yesterday- very fun  smile 
yay for girls weekends!  so much fun!  boo for work tomorrow! i will survive- it was worth it!
survived senior picture day yesterday!  thank you <propfemale> <propmale> for all your wonderfulness!
yay!  i think i might have actually out-funned my hubby yesterday thanks to a great afternoon with <propfirst> barricklow!   spontaniously spakling my kitchen was fun too  smile 
my kitchen is now a nice new shade of brown and i am satisfied       and tired   i wouldn't have gotten sleep at all without my hubby's help- i'm so thankful!
my new favorite book- <propfemale> eyre!
changing the color of my toes for this wedding- to red in honor of <propfirst>  smile 
come join us this morning at www cbconline tv!  <propmale>'s speak'n!
"yeah, so    a pipe just broke underground and started gushing water & dirt into our basement!  fun stuff    fun stuff   i am so thankful <propmale> was home, heard it & got the water shut off quickly!"
"i would get up and do something, but my <propfemale> is so comfy laying on my chest- i really can't bring myself to disturb him    even though he's practically choking me!"
hunting ccs alumni is fun  smile  i love to hear from past students!
he's here! 8 9 20in phoenix brigham irby! mommy had a wonderful delivery and maverick is dancing around  smile 
yup    i'm a swim coach  smile 
lost my keys monday afternoon   have been serching and serching  found them this morning in my classroom   on a desk    2 feet from my desk    
"this is the second night in a row that loki has dragged my blanket off the chaise, down the stairs, and into the basement    busy little <propfemale> "
ccs swim team did a great job at their first meet today! love my swimmers!
"so thankful for a ticket to ride, easy food, and wonderful parents- love you mom and dad! thankful for you today and always!"
"our car is rebelling against us! the key won't go in the ignition and we're stuck at the qt! fun times, fun times    "
2 1 2 hour peticure with momma is so relaxing! what a nice break in this crazy season!
yearbook is trying to kill me and my fantastic staff- but we will prevail!
my couch pillows are finally sewn shut! i have the best bestest friend in the whole world! what took me 4 years to hem and haw about took her 1 2 a bing crosby christmas movie to hem! what a wonderful night! <propfemale> christmas to me!
piragi day with daddy was awesome  countless meatrolls and 7 games of ticket to ride is my kind of christmas  smile  <propfirst> sills
looking forward to having our 1st young adults group here shortly  smile 
