58674eb12bb5b3ff0b2c1148e1059e49
"hello everybody, it's been a while  what's new?"
have fun but plz p don't drink and drive!  smile 
watchin fireworks  surprise 
i need 2 go 2 the beach b4 summer is over: surprise 
i can't sleep
is praying
almost 2 greenville
looking forward 2 go swimming w  <propmale> and the kids 2morrow b4 all the rain moves in
happy b'day uncle <propfirst>
i just put my 1 and 3 year olds 2 bed  alright! now what?lol
today it's beautiful outside!
happy birthday 2 my youngest cousin <propfirst> 
i just love <propfemale> got talent!
both my babies r sick: awww  sad 
"football season is finally here ! im so excited! go cowboys show them beangles, how 2 bow 2 the boot lol"
it feels great outside 
watchin the boat race w isy and <propfirst> 
yardwork is so bittersweet 
<propfirst> is in the lead    
i'm havin an emotional day 
who is <propfemale> day? shame on me  lol
who were you in a past life? -- my result: <propfemale> <propmale>  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 832 referrals status?aid=1550773478
i can't beleive it's 7 smile 0pm already 
"what's up, everybody? hope ur havin a great morning!"
"i think im watchin 2 much disney, im starting 2 even like the song commericals  <propfemale> g ( round and round)"
omg!!!jeff and <propfirst> are returning 2 big brother tomorrow so excited  i love them 2gether their so cute!!!
i just had some chicken lasgagna  yum!
"true friend are 2 find, harder 2 leave and impossible to forget!!!"
"it's been a long hot day, hello rain     "
the best time 2 go shopping is when most r asleep  shorter lines! laugh 
"i just realized 2day is friday the 13th, can't wait for the scary movie marathon but 1st i have 2 find one! playful "
"facebook flagged me, did i offend anyone?"
"i can't get no satisfaction, i cant get no sat  and i try and i try   i cant get this song outta my head! laugh "
"it's been a long day, but pretty good! laugh "
"i'm so bored, i wanna cook out!"
"have u ever woke urself up by snoring 2 loud? funny thought, huh lol"
while searching the web my neice is doing my hair    this is the life 
"i feel so old, another saturday nite with nothing 2 do!movie time "
when did dragonball z become a movie?
"what a sunday,cut the grass and now grillin, finally "
i had the best day ever  hope 2morrow is good one too!
i'm in need of a girls night!
do u think someone who loves u would blackmail u?
"2morrow i'm gettin my hair did, can't wait!  smile "
"i heard <propfemale> j  <propmale> once say she loved the scent of a dirty diaper, what's up w that?! i can't wait 4 my kids 2 b potty trained  playful "
it's amazing how cute kids look when they're asleep  smile 
it's a beautiful day!
"watchin wizards of waverly place, such a cool kids show!"
"just finished playing bball, much fun!"
"out of nowhere i got a cold, hope it goes soon! playful "
"just made blueberry pancakes w fruit, one kid ate fruit and one ate pancakes  at least they ate!  wink "
"if you could trade lives with anyone who would it be, dead or alive? i would pick <propfemale> <propfemale>  "
"*rain,rain go away! come again, another day! says my 3yr  old   laugh "
love is my drug   wink 
"*i can't believe the year is almost over, time goes by fast!"
*off 2 <propmale> world!
"*if u had 3 wishes, what would they be?"
hanging w fam 2day   good times! laugh 
it's pizza nite!
i'm so blessed 2 my have kids   they make me smile no matter what! laugh 
it's gonna b a great day! wink 
"*walmart is a mad house and no matter how big they make it, its always packed  luv it neways! wink "
the week went by so fast! sad 
"goodnite 2 all, and 2 all a good nite!"
"hello, facebook family  hope ur days a great one!"
thinkin there is about a 100 better things i could b doin right now! wink 
pajama time! smile 
"hey, does anyone know who's hiring?i'm looking for a part-time   let me know if u do! thank u "
big brother is so funny! smile 
hello all   hope ur day was great!!
i really miss my kids!!
just got home  so tired!!goodnight!
where did the day go?     hello night!!
i just can't beleive how some people act sometimes   
it's gonna be a long couple days    i gotta head over to the <propfemale> area  long ride but  worth it!!!
"gimmie a break, gimmie a break, break me off a peice of that <propfemale> kat bar  lol"
"my allergies are acting up, weird thing, i think it may be my cat  i've been around cats off and on my whole life   i hope not "
"on the road, only 300 hundred <propmale> 2 go   sigh "
i had so much fun weekend laugh 
now n burlington on the way back and i have 2 head back 2 <propfemale> 2morrow   a long couple of days!
"i can't believe it's morning already, i'm so tired from the trip!!!i can't wait til thursday and can finally relax   smile "
so glad it's <propfemale> and we could stay outdoors   maybe <propmale> will stay away too  smile 
"i had a great day w  my lil monsters, i hope all goes well 2morrow  so i can get back n time 2 rest b4 i get them back   "
why worry when u can pray?!
i'm so tired and everything is funny! much love 2 my facebook fam  luv u guys!
"on the road again, just couldn't wait 2 on the road again   "
i'm n the need 4 glee!
"no <propmale> no! what's up w the sad songs, awww   sad "
luv catchen up w  old friends! laugh 
"better be ready, <propmale>'s on his way!!"
"so, my daughter went 2 bed @ 7:15 and my son is still awake, what's wrong w  this pic?lol! guess he's waitin on <propmale> too!!!hehe"
"watching seasame street w  the kids, to bad it's a re-run "
"wow   someone broke in my parent's house, while they were away! csi is takin finger prints and hopefully we'll find out who did it soon  sad "
"love is a triumph of imagination over intelligence \-<propfirst> <propfirst> mencken"
the sweetest thing happened 2day; my son brought me a flower and he's only 18mths old  i'm still smiling on the inside  smile 
haha   boys will be boys!
"today i found my oldest son teaching, his 3yr  old sister her full name    a very awesome moment for me!!  smile "
"i so love my lazy clothes, lol!  wink "
"i gave my babies haircuts for the first time, they really did great just sitting!  smile "
"happy birthday <propfemale>, luv u lots!"
"my lil guy is growin up fast, sayin all kinds of things!"
"i just can't believe both kids fell asleep by 7 smile 0, i must have wore them out!! now waht to do? hehe   "
"i just dropped the kids off w  <propmale>, until friday  i miss them so much already!!!  sad "
can't wait til <propfirst> plays the deadskins tonight!!haha
"goodnite facebook fam, i need sleep! smile "
is watching the finals on <propfemale>'s got talent and waiting for big brother to come on!!  smile 
"love doesn't make the world go around; love is what makes the ride worthwhile \- <propmale> p  jones"
"nothing of charactor is permanent but virtue and personal worth \- <propfirst> webster"
my plant and my fish died 2day   such a bad sign  i have 2 get more b4 my kids come 2morrow  sigh!  sad 
"i had such a great day outside w  my kids  i 'm really gonna miss summer but i love the fall season  ever notice how fall seems like the shortest season?! now wondering what the kids are going as for holloween     princess peach and the muchroom,hehe  don't know yet!!"
thinks today was beautiful outside and now i'm so ready 2 relax !!!  wink 
life is full of surprizes and sometimes i don't like em ! haha
"i'm teaching isy the \ i'm a little teapot \"" song   i love this age !!!"""
why is it that all the good shows seem 2 go on a commercial at the same time ?!
"children with special needs only want what we all want: to be accepted  it is special education week, and this is in honor of all children-made in a unique way and who learn a little differently~we are all god's children!"
"hhhmmmmm   both kids are taking a nap at the same time, time 2 relax  after last nite and my morning errands i'm in need of r&r!  wink "
"i can't wait til this weekend !! goodtimes ahead, thank u lord!"
"the last couple nights have been rough for my lil guy, i think his molers are coming in   hopefully 2night w  be better for him!  wink "
"when i changed my profile pic, my iq score went down !! lol"
"it's been raining all day, ruined my plans! sad "
ok fun time almost over   time 2 go home!!
"i just love being the example, hahaha         not!"
"is watching grey's anatomy, great so far!!!  smile "
"things are not falling apart  they're falling together  \- <propmale> cook"
just got sprayed w  silly string   hahaha! i'll get you soon!
is about to go have lunch w  <propmale> and oliver   isy went to a b'day party w  grandma & grandpa 
such a lazy day     
it's a beautiful afternoon! smile 
is ready to watch glee!
"blah,blah,blah"
"my close friend <propfemale> died on this date in 1997, i'd just like to say that i haven't forgotten you and i miss you still! rip my friend "
"goodnight everyone, off to bed!  smile "
i'm so glad the warm weather is back and the kids can run around outside!!  smile 
i had the best time hangin out w  my lil sis and her kids but my lil isy cut her knee on a glass door and had to go to the er   thankfully stitches weren't required   sad 
"ok  both kids are sleepin, time 2 watch a movie!"
"the kids just left w  thier daddy, i did manage to take some cute pics w  isy and bf   smile  i miss them already!"
"game time, gooo <propfirst>!"
go cowboys!!! now that's what i'm talkin bout!!
goodnight everyone!
"enjoyed spending the day outside w  the kids, tomorrow's gonna be nice a nice one too!!  wink "
"birds singing, at this hr!? really! playful "
tag ur it! wink 
it's nemo time!!
is convinced that her world would be a much better place if the morons had been swallowed instead  wink 
check this one out        1
"time for me to put a resume together, then taco time!"
is offically bored! ugh!
sisters are friends 4ever!! much luv to my sissy's!  smile 
"ok, so my plans for this weekend changed! now what am i to do     "
it's a beautiful afternoon! smile 
if only    
i wish i was dreaming    
well the day is offically over and was such a disappiontment!
a promise means nothing unless it's delivered!!!
"i'm a handful!! unfortunately most women won't repost this  i'm strong willed, independent, a bit outspoken and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle  but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't    deserve me at my best  if you're a handful, repost! i dare you!!!!!"
"my oldest son, <propmale> is turning twelve on the 28th   i just can't believe how grown up he is getting!  smile "
"is waiting for my rugrat to fall asleep, so i can eat my dinner!  sad "
goodnight all!
"letting the kids play outside, b4 the rains comes!"
i want a secret garden!
or a momcave! lol
"<propfemale> found a treasure, an old record player   smile "
life is but a dream and i'm trying to make mine happen   smile  you'd think they'd be happy for ya but they're not! i hope this is real!
it's a beautiful day!
is lookin forward to grey's anatomy 2nite 
"i ain't as good as i once was, i'm better!"
"to live u must take chances, r u up for the challange?!"
sleep baby sleep    smile 
life's full of surprizes and i must say that i'm truly blessed!!
my lil <propmale> is refusing to go to sleep! he'll get tired after a while    
places 2 go and these clothes aren't washin fast enough!  playful 
every person has at least a 1000 wishes a cancer patient only one: to get better  please repost for those who have lost their life to cancer 
wild horses couldn't drag me away    
here's your sign             smile 
"lookin 4ward 2 mnf, go cowboys!!! wink "
mama knows best!
2morrow is my son's 12th b'day! smile  i just can't believe it!
"happy birthday <propmale>, i love you!  laugh "
headin out to our church's fall festival   gonna be fun! smile 
happy holloween!!!
ahhh   luv it!!
"it's chilli outside, i miss summer already! guess it's time for hot chocolate   yummy   smile "
"my lil guy is a champ, sittin up til 10 surprise 0 eating hot wings lol"
and the thunder rolls
hello sunshine! smile 
"omg, it's freezing outside and i just washed my hair   what was i thinking!?"
"e playful erience is the one thing you can't get for nothing \-<propfirst> wilde"
it's gonna be a great game! lets go cowboys! wink 
"some people never learn, even after the hard way!"
my 1yr  old wants to use the bathroom more than my 3 yr  old  sad 
oh no! i'm gonna miss my show! surprise 
happy veteran's day! thank you to those who have served for our country!
go cowboys! smile 
that was one heck of a game! <propfirst> <propmale> is the man!  i can't wait to watch the next game!
"everything works out in the end  if it hasn't worked out yet, it apparently isn't the end!!"
it's a beautiful morning! wink 
november rain   
is wasting time! wink 
"is watching toy story w the lil ones, i heart these movies! then waiting 4 grey's anatomy "
"all of the significant battles are waged within the self \ -<propmale> kopp"
i can't wait to go x-mas shopping for the kids! smile 
lets go cowboys! smile 
go cowboys! smile 
i love this time of year! outside of being cold  hehe
goodnite facebook friends!
"is watching judge <propfemale>, love that lady!"
happiness will never come to those who don't appreciate what they already have
"it's really unforunate that i won't be spending the thanksgiving holiday w  my kids but i'm thankful that my parents are coming down to pick me up and spend the day w  them  hopefully christmas will work out better for me, spending it w  my kids but it also falls on a week their dad has them  so who knows      i hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday w  the people they love and care about "
"time to watch some tv , trying to rest my eyes   ha"
happy thanksgiving everyone!!  smile 
"i had a great time w  my parents and spent the day w  old friends family, i had good times catching up w  them!"
you don't even know you made me smile    smile 
a smile goes along way!  smile 
"it smells like vanilla in my room!  smile  and now i realize just how bored i am,lol"
"is watching the wizard of oz and my sis is on the way, if i'm not careful we will sit up all night talking, lol"
"ok, what is the funniest drunken story you know? doesn't have to be about you    "
"is watching ' the <propfemale> dairies', i guess <propfemale> is offically excited about <propmale> <propfirst>'s engagment   maybe <propmale> <propfirst> will do a new song for em  i would luv that actually  i have a new hope  <propmale> <propfirst> where are ya?!"
"some people are awesome all the way around! thanks for the laughs guys, it twas fun! night  i'm missing snl     "
"is watching shark tales w  the lil ones, i remember watcing this w  my 12 yr old  wow, how time flies!they like it too         "
"my lil guy is so mad at me,lol  he's just so tired "
good morning!  smile 
"i have decided to start working out, i haven't decided when to start   wink "
tell me something i don't know about u
"easy come, easy go     "
"just cut my lil <propfirst>'s hair for the second time, luckily he has curls so imperfection is ok  lol  my fingers are still crossed though, really can't tell til it dries "
24 days til christmas!
23 days til christmas! smile 
"one down, one to go     then its me time  wink "
"at the request of a facebook friend - we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \darkhorse\"" 3rd battalion 5th marines and their families theyare fighting it out in afghanistan and have lost 9 marines in 4 days  please re-post this  it would be nice to see it on    everyone's wall!!"""
about to watch vampire's suck
let it snow! smile 
22 days til christmas! smile 
*<propfemale> canes and hot chocolate
"it's movie night w the kids, we're watching <propfemale> in wonderland   smile "
repost smile  a happy childhood lasts a lifetime! change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon when you were a kid in support of anti-child abuse 
it's snowing!!  smile 
almost finished my christmas shoppin  smile 
almost finished my present wrapping but run outta tape!  playful  but saves some fun for later    
14 days til christmas  smile 
"my cuz just informed me of this great deal       check it out!check this deal out: go to restaurant com and buy a 12-month dinner of the month certificate  regularly $25 a month, when you enter the promo code (by 12 12) joy, your total comes to $24 and you get an extra $50 gift certificate  they works at tons of restaurants all over the place! don't miss out!"
"<propfemale> is showing <propmale> all the different colored lights, learning can be fun!! smile "
13 days til christmas  smile 
ready to watch the cowboys beat dem eagels         
"i surprized my kids w  new sippy cups and my lil girl says, wow mom thanks, i love my new cup it's beautiful  so sweet  smile "
lets go cowboys!
it's snowing  smile 
"while i was laying w  my 1yr old, pretending to be asleep, he rolled over on me and kissed me goodnight    sweetest thing! i know i must be doing something right  wink "
more snow?!  smile 
it might just stick this time    
"we can't say <propfemale> christmas now we have to say happy holidays  we can't call it a christmas tree, it's now called a holiday tree  why? because it might offend someone  if you don't like our \american customs\"" and it offends you so much then leave  don't take christ out of christmas! they are called customs and we have our traditions  if you agree with this  please post this as your status! amen!"""
these days it's getting harder to except that my family is broken          things just aren't the same   sad 
better think twice              
"had 2 take the kids 2 the doc 2day, they have really bad colds  hopefully the meds will kick in quick, so they can enjoy christmas even better!!  smile "
"go cowboys, this was an awesome surprize!! 20 to 7   hahahaha!"
is n va    
life's like a beach   i'm just playin n the sand
"we were'nt born 2 follow, unless it's behind god's grace! much luv 2 him, he's blessed me w  so much  happy early b'day jesus  smile "
"heading to va, once again                "
i feel like dancing    
"took the kids to see <propfemale> w  dave    isy was scared to death, she wouldn't even sit w  him  <propmale> sat and talked, he loved it  smile "
"a heart: once loved, once broken, once torn, once taken, once trusted, once e playful osed, once open, never closed (?) !"
"i just got done watching <propfemale>'s body for the first time, was really good  smile "
almost time for the big guy to arrive       smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  smile 
"i've had a great day visiting family and friends for christmas, now waiting for snow  smile "
inbox only  2010 is almost over so confess something you've wanted to tell me  it will be between us  put this as your status and see who suprises you
"christmas is almost over, i hope everyone has had a great day  smile "
it's snowing
still snowing  smile 
and it's still snowng  smile 
have a happy and safe new year  wink 
goodnight everyone  smile 
gonna be a busy day for me     hope everyone has a great day  smile 
it's another blue's clues day       
p90x rocks  wink 
and the countdown begins  wink 
does anyone know how i can allow posts to wall? not sure what happened  
thank you everyone for my b'day wishes !  smile  they have really brightened my day !
car bound  playful 
can't sleep  playful 
movie night  smile 
watching the steelers win again
good morning everyone  hope everyone has a great day  smile 
getting my whitened  smile  cant wait 4 the final results
good morning everyone   smile 
time 2 relax       smile 
i'm not sure what to believe right now! it's a terrible feelin  sad 
"it's been a busy day so far   ran errands while <propmale> and isy were n church,went looking at houses and now chillin at the house  thinkin about grillin out cause it's such a beautiful <propfemale> day  smile "
watchin a re-run of glee
strawberry wine and fried chicken  smile 
pizza & movies= smile 
it's not embarrising sending the wrong person a text    nope not at all  playful 
ready to watch the game but while i wait the kids can play outside  smile  thank goodness it's a night game  wink 
"who is watchin the super bowl & what team are with? i'm going w the steelers, even though i'm a cowboys fan, i gotta admit they are pretty bad!"
ready 2 play n the snow  smile 
im regreting not getting a flu shot   day 3 of the dreadful virus and both the lil ones have it too  sad 
"*i'm so glad it's gonna be beautiful all week, my lil man is turning 2 on sat  smile "
<propfirst> daniels
"it's been a long two days and it's still going, sigh   at least the weather was nice "
"i went a lil crazy w <propmale>'s, after some chick at the store called him a girl  but i cut all the curls   he wouldn't stop moving  sucks! hopefully they'll grow back  sad "
wish the good wife was still on   bored 
chilly but nice  smile 
"<propfemale> is in a my lil pony faze, lucky 2 have a girl  smile "
"*what to do, what to do     "
was about to miss grey's but facebook didn't let me forget haha
what a beautiful day and 2morrow's gonna be even better  can't wait 4 the warm weather 2 stay awhile  smile 
jar of hearts     christina perri
gonna get my face outta comp and watch blue bloods  playful 
"just watched 2012, enlighting and frighting at the same time   "
my babies aren't feeling well   fevers  sad 
"just wanna wish my mom a happy birthday, hope ur day is great, luv u lots  smile "
"gotta know when 2 hold em, know when 2 fold em           "
there are a lot of things i'm gonna miss but i don't wanna miss u  smile 
good morning everyone  wink 
what happened 2 the warm weather surprise 
a lil humor- how much cocaine did <propfirst> sheen take?  *enough 2 kill two and 1 2 men
happy hump day  wink 
don't forget 2 wear green or ur gonna get pinched  wink 
can't wait til 2morrow cause it's gonna be hot n <propfemale>  smile  and i wanna soak up the sun!
"*full <propfemale> & st  <propfemale>'s day   what is 2 come  fun, fun, fun but don't 4get 2 wear green  wink "
grillin  smile 
"goodbye blockbuster, hello redbox !!!"
wanna see suckerpunch next  wink 
"luv tanning, it's soooo relaxing  laugh "
"the cutest thing is my youngest two communicating with each other, the not so cute thing is when they're havin a disagreement!  wink "
"oh well, can't make everyone happy!"
"watchin the fighter so far, so good  wink "
good morning   smile 
