85f55ba06334108fd0eee89bbe51d518
downloading some awesome songs so i can have some new tunes to drive my neighbors crazy with   smile 
is really proud of my cousin!  love 
"really thinks that my brother needs to grow a pair and stop letting his girlfriend put him in check  c'mon <propfirst>, really?"
what do you want? --- i want everything  right now
theres a big storm-a-brewing!
wants to just bite <propfirst> depp every time i see him 
"cleaned today, did some laundry the other day, done a little household shopping lately      ugh i feel like a grown up  how did that happen???"
"~im not angry, im just saying, sometimes goodbye is a second chance~ shinedown \second chance\"""""
is hot    i am sweating beyond profusely over here
won tickets to 96 rock's sneak preview of public enemies!!!!!!!! take that!!!!!! nothing can bring me down today!!!
omg the news just said <propfirst> <propmale> is dead!!!
sigh   still cant believe mj is dead   but im heading out to pick up my tickets for the sneak preview of public enemies!
works 11-close all stupid week   so much for having a social life
public enemies    less than 8 hours away    time needs to speed up
getting ready to leave for public enemies!!!! wooohooooo!!
i saw public enemies   i saw public enemies   i saw public enemies ha ha ha ha ha!!!!! best movie ever!
is going to the zz top aerosmith concert tonight!!!!!!!
well   due to an injury within the band tonights aerosmith concert is postponed  wtf man  i've been waiting for months  gay
"cincinnati, oh is home to the new messiest home in america   wow  how proud am i right now??? ugh  i really wish they would stop saying cincinnati   we already have a bad rep   guess thats why we're called the nasty 'nati"
is watching spongebob squarepants   cant believe this show has made it 10 years
keeps missing phone calls (unintentionally) from this guy im talking to   hmmm  should i call him back or let him sweat it out? that is the question 
really needs to start going to bed at a normal hour
really needs to buy a car
we cant stop here! this is bat country!!!
is feeling the urge to write a story   its been so long 
is watching one of the best movies ever: braveheart
might have to work 7 days this week   being boss isnt fun anymore
"watching scary movie   the good one, not the lame ones"
should probably go to bed since i have to get up at 530   i need a car   bad
went to take a nap at 6 smile 0pm yesterday and got up at 10 smile 0am today   guess i was more tired than i thought!
75 years today since <propfirst> dillinger was killed in cold blood by the fbi outside the biograph theater   sad 
leads a terribly boring and mundane life 
trying to decide where me and my sister are going out to eat   i want chinese   but i also want a steak   hmmmm
ugh   back to work   
"the possibility of physical and mental collapse is now very real  no sympathy for the devil, keep that in mind  buy the ticket, take the ride "
would it be completely childish to get a pirates of the caribbean cake for my 20th birthday???? hmmmm    
"waiting for my pizza, watching law and order svu marathon and dreading going to work "
"gets to sit down to a dr  <propmale> therapy session with my manager and idiot cashier to discuss our feelings about each other because the cashier called me an \a**hole\"" and i told her to get out of my store and somehow i hurt her feelings  can we just fire her already?? skip the therapy? i'm so over her attitude """
wishes mcdreamy was waiting to propose to me in a random elevator 
is honestly thinking about buying the <propfemale> montana movie   on purpose 
happy 23rd birthday to my big brother <propfirst>!  love 
thanks everyone for my birthday wishes!! you guys rock and i love you all!  love 
is off to work  ugh   i dont wanna go   work is the epitome of all evil in the world  lol
awwwww there was some trouble at this gas station next door to my work and my brother was texting me to make sure i had made it home okay and everything was alright   he can be sweet when he wants to!
should really   really be in bed   i'm starting to say things that don't make any sense  lol it's all <propfemale>'s fault! keeping me up late because she's running away to japan on tuesday! lol
love ya <propfemale>!!! have a great time in japan! i'll see you in december!!!!
"is going to <propmale> horror if i can can get my friends up from their stupid \power naps \"" c'mon people  suck it up!"""
has had a looooooooooooooooooooong day  tired of crap 
"and though you've tried you just can't hide   your eyes are edged with tears   you better stop look around here it comes, here it comes, here it comes, here it comes   here comes your nineteenth nervous breakdown "
<propfirst> <propfirst> concert with <propfemale> and zakk tonight!!!
pirates of the caribbean: on stranger tides     coming to theaters summer 2011!!!!!  love 
"well   we start the year 0-1   am i really surprised that we lost the game with 30 seconds left to go? no  no, i'm not  who dey think gonna beat them bengals?? oh yeah    the broncos!"
i want to rock 'n roll all night and party every day!
omg <propfirst> swayze died today!!!! nooo! not cool   sad  i'm going to watch dirty dancing now   sad 
gotta love this american ride
another step closer to getting my car!!!!!!!! bmv on friday   not the driver's test but at least a learner's permit!  laugh  won't be long until everyone will need to clear the roads!!
"yes, i'm a natural blue   careful with that hammer   seamonkies got my money  ~~~dory~~"
cookie cake at 2am? i think so!
"*and these children that you spit on as they try to change their worlds, are immune to your consultations, they are quite aware of what they are going through * -<propfirst> bowie"
did you say it? i love? you  i don't ever want to live without you  you changed my life  did you say it? make a plan  set a goal  work toward it  but every now and then look around  drink it in  cause    this is it   it might all be gone tomorrow 
new law and order svu in ten minutes! yay!
searching for vacation cottages in panama city   dont even get to have a vacation until after march   but theres no harm in looking right?
grey's anatomy!! just a couple more hours! *squeel*
needs some <propfirst> depp in my life right now  love 
running late because of my dungeons and dragons meeting in the basement  he he he
"seriously   why are people on these hgtv shows so picky??? omg i can't fit a <propfemale> size bed into my guest's, guest's, guest's, brothers bedroom  we can't take this otherwise fantastic home that we should be so happy we can easily afford because of that  bah!"
shouldn't let things get to me so much
thinks i have found the perfect apartment   
"well, after a 4 day weekend   back to work i go   how painful"
irony of the day: part of my backtooth got chipped off   earlier this year i declined dental insurance  here's hoping our benefit enrollments at work come back around soon 
feeling like a <propmale> <propmale> movie tonight  hmm which one???
i got the apartment!!! now to just finish up getting my license and get the car and we'll be good!!
just got called in to work 4 hours early   and people wonder why i never answer my cell phone!
thinks the cardiac cats are blowing it!! they better <propmale> up!
pardon my french but   shit!!!!!!!!!!! epic fail
nobody move!!!!!!!!       i dropped me brain    
is having a rolling stones day!!! hail the great masters 
is salty my hot chemistry teacher from high school has his own facebook fan club!!! thats has just made my life! god bless <propfirst> <propfirst> and his hotness   love   love   love 
so this is my life  i didn't marry very well did i?? (overboard)
read my note i love it
submitted my <propfirst> <propfirst> article to the examiner to see if i'm column worthy  wink  we'll see  either way it turns out will still be a fun learning lesson!!! lets see if those years at creative and performing arts pays off!
the raiders                                  really?!?!?!?!?! the raiders?! sigh  we can beat the steelers and ravens but we can't beat the raiders??? lord help them because i'm going to beat them down  thanks a lot caldwell for ruining my sunday afternoon 
"has too much to do, too much on my mind  ready for a vacation!  smile "
"happy thanksgiving to all my wonderful peeps! i know you are all most thankful for me!  wink  just kidding guys  stay safe and if you're shopping at the crack of <propfemale>, beware old people running you down with carts!!!"
thinks the bearcats better put up a better second half!! looked promising at the the end of the 2nd quarter  gooooooooooo bearcats!!!!
"bearcats won, bengals won   good weekend for football   not looking forward to work on monday  holiday season is in full swing my friends"
hahaha its 5am and im awake   how ridiculous is that???
officially sick with a cold  how bogus man   sad 
"\i watch you lead a pack  you put the drive in my soul  you bring a message to millions    i said <propfirst> don't go   \"" --- \""<propfirst> don't go\"" by nils lofgren"""
sleep just really isn't all that appealing to my life
will probably be sitting in the same spot at the mcdonald's drive thru when the ball drops 
happy new year and whatnot
starting the new year at work    oh joy 
playing some old school sonic  smile 
as soon as i walked in the door i was given a paper of chords and was demanded to play guitar  lol i love people
hanging out with <propfirst> for a bit and then off to that horrible place i call work
three words for today: talk is cheap   smile 
the rolling stones said they aren't touring in 2010   way to ruin my year already! sheesh 
"has the most random music playlist   this was the order of music   soulja boy, <propmale> <propmale>, <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst>, the beatles, <propmale> <propfirst>, <propfemale>, <propmale> redding, shinedown and <propfirst> holliday  eclectic"
had a great weekend away from it all!!!
"why in the name of <propmale> am i still awake??? i torture myself, i swear  should go to bed "
just a bit of silliness really  love 
really hopes these wings come before i have to leave for work!!
"jamming to \too rude\"" by <propfirst> richards and the  playful ensive winos  love """
best night ever  that's all i have to say   love 
haha  you know you're a starving artist when your dinner for the last three nights has consisted of month old pretzels and 2 week old 2 liters of coke and pepsi   living on your own affords you that healthy living  wink  lol
great news!!! guy is doing much better  he has a long recovery ahead of him but he'll be okay! thanks so much for all of your prayeers!! keep them up!!  love 
is on a completely ridiculous sleeping (or lack thereof) schedule
"happy 4th birthday to my nephew, <propmale> <propfirst>  smile   love  love ya baby  love "
"where, oh where has my little muse gone????? sometimes being a writer sucks "
"listening to exile on main street, hoping to gain more inspiration"
"oh  it's snowing  again  and there's 4 more inches of snow on the ground  again  how about something a little more original next time, mother nature, like 75 degrees and <propfemale>??? just a suggestion  off to work in the blizzard  =p"
hahaha  i just woke up  i'm totally late for work  good thing i'm the boss 
the sound of strangers sending nothing to my mind ~ just another mad mad day on the road ~ i am just living to be lying by your side ~ but i'm just about a moonlight mile on down the road
listening to a <propmale> cook cd  he cracks me up man   smile 
"is doing a little running around before work today  completely excited i am finally off tomorrow, just gotta make it through today!"
"okay everyone i just got a new phone and if i didn't send you a text with the new number yet it's because i'm lazy  so if you didn't get it, or you want me to have your number text me at 513-237-2815 or send me a message "
whew  work kicked my butt today!!
i'm free to do what i want at any old time!!!  love 
caity wuz herrrrrrrrrrrrrr  wink 
got another prank call!
putz's ice cream on a hot day = heaven!  love 
don't be late to easter services   there's never anywhere to sit 
got some color on me today so stop calling me casper!    i'm more of a mr  krabs complexion   super red! lo
feels like crap   dont even feel like getting up to turn off the light  ugh 
opening day and i have to work  go reds!!! please dont suck for once 
"had a lady cuss me out because she opened a pack of cds and only wanted one, but didnt understand she had to pay for the whole thing  people are stupid "
the plus side to being called in 3 hours early??? leaving 3 hours earlier   smile 
wasting my last 30 mins of work   i'm going to fly out that door so fast!  smile 
oh shit    =o
this facebook was hacked by caity hadsell! ohhhhhhh shit son  wink 
the birds are chirping   i really need to learn to keep normal hours   
stressed  need a break before i end up on the news  crazy family dollar manager holds everyone hostage and demands pizza and one million dollars in unmarked bills  lol
son of rambow is a great movie!  smile 
3 phone calls before 915am on my off day??? don't people know i am sleeping?
has to drive my dad to work  so sleepy  sharonville is so far away  ugh
frankly my dear i don't give a damn 
"and his coat is torn and frayed, it's seen much better days, just as long as the guitar plays, let it steal your heart away"
this is like the weirdest day ever  people are strange   when you're a stranger   lol
"clocked out, on my way home, off tomorrow  finally! now what trouble can i raise on monday??  smile "
"taking dad to work in sharonville, then my grandma to the doctor in northside  think i'll keep the meter running   gas is exspensive   smile "
this lady next to me at the clinic keeps talking to me about her ovaries =o make it stop!
needs a new job  this is too much  i need out 
watching public enemies  i  love  <propfirst> depp 
"there's nothing like driving thru winton terrace, singing to far away eyes at the top of your lungs and laughing at the ridiculous faces you get   smile "
is it sad i can quote pirates of the caribbean word for word without even watching it??? maybe i should put on a one person show of the pirates series 
sooooooo sleepy   joyful 
thinks my store is really just a giant oven  can i get some a c please???
"eating burger <propmale> on the river with <propfemale> listening to 1930s gospel, getting ready to aimlessly drive around cincinnati   smile "
in the last week of driving my dad to work i've successfully made him listen to every rolling stones album i own   smile  educating the masses one album at a time!
"got a car, insurance, apartment, job  pay taxes, vote, go to church  i'm officially a fully functioning member of society! my mama would be proud!!!  smile   love "
going to see kickass with <propmale>   smile 
kickass was   well   kickass! thanks <propfirst>   smile 
how does it feel   how does it feel to be on your own    with no direction home    like a complete unknown    like a rolling stone ?
some cultures are defined by their relationship to cheese   love  <propmale> & joon  love 
got to administer drug tests for new hires today  nothing more exciting than dealing with urine all day  =o
got excited b c i thought i got my ohio tax return check but it was just a letter telling me they were keeping it  f school loans 
should really learn how to cook    someday i'm going to run out of pizza rolls    =o
needs a little coke and sympathy today  sheesh   surprise 
can't get back to sleep  =p
is up a shit creek without a paddle  pardon my french  going to be switching jobs soon  anyone hiring???
broke down on montgomery  story of my life 
"pizza, <propmale> & jerrys, b-movies and friends  my day is better   smile "
my car is fixed and it only cost 20 bucks for the part and 6 bucks for my mechanic (dad)'s lunch   smile 
pirate radio is an amazing movie
11 hours of work today  =p
"aside from the initial frustration, i think its hilarious my customers don't think i'm the manager  \is there someone older i can talk to?\"" lol"""
meeting with my dm and my psychotic co-worker at 9am  you have no idea how freaked out i am  no one should have to deal with this crazy guy ever  wish me luck  i need it   sad 
"so, he threatens people, lies, drinks on the job and my store was his last stop but you're not firing him??? what?!"
shopping is good for the soul  smile 
was about to go to sleep and then a nightmare on elm street commercial came on  =o
what i really do at work: lead choreographed dances and bad singing renditions of <propfirst> <propmale> songs with my co workers  i should have a tv show 
at willies with caity and <propfemale>   smile 
"drove on i-75 during morning traffic and lived to tell the tale   smile  seriously though, those people can't drive for crap  lol"
"should've went back to bed hours ago but i couldn't put down my book  i finished it   love  and happy 22nd birthday to my best friend of the last 13 years, <propfemale>!!!!!!!!!"
is going to bed before 3am?! i must be getting old 
get <propfemale> ya ya's out!!!!!!!!  smile 
lunch break!!! 2 hours to go and counting!
putz's ice cream with the fam   smile 
has to go back to work for an hour and a half  are you kidding me? just my luck   i just got home!
congratulations to my big brother <propfirst> on his wedding day!!!
wishes i was at <propfirst>' wedding reception and not work   sad 
has to be to work at 6am  the joy that is inventory day  if all is good hopefully i will finally get a raise 
"there are only four questions of value in life  what is sacred? of what is the spirit made? what is worth living for, and what is worth dying for? the answer to each is the same: only love "
"has been up since 5am  why the heck cant i go to sleep¿ thats right, my question <propfirst> is upside down!   laugh "
"happy 14th birthday to my oldest nephew, <propfirst>! man i'm old "
tomorrow is my first off day in over a week  wake me before 3pm and we're going to fight   smile  you have been warned  peace out   love 
"dear rumpke truck driver, you obviously didn't get the memo to not wake me before 3pm  now i must kill you  have a nice day   smile "
i wanna run through the halls of my high school  i wanna scream at the top of my lungs!!!!!
there's a picture of <propfirst> depp on the wall  it made my day   love 
perfect ending to my day off   back to back episodes of ghost hunters   did i mention i'm sleeping with the lights on tonight?  smile 
"a guitar man playing all night long takes me back to where the music hit me, when life was good and love was easy   smile "
off again tomorrow!!! two off days in one week??? they're spoiling me now   smile 
just kidding about that off day   i really need to start sleeping with my phone turned off   off to work i go  ='(
well  now that i'm off work and my day is shot   who wants to go see iron man 2 tonight?
<propfirst> downey jr brings joy to my soul  i would divulge further on my feelingd but alas it would definitely lead to restraining orders and possible jail time   love   love   love 
got through an entire ac dc cd on the way to work  thats how long i sat in traffic  better than work though   smile 
happy mothers day to the sweetest angel in heaven   smile   love 
"loves it when i find new actors to love, and being able to discover an entire careers worth of entertainment, i e  <propfirst> downey jr   smile "
"so if you work at 6am i strongly recommend getting more than an hour of sleep  strongly recommend, because right now i hate my life  =p"
t g i p d  thank goodness its pay day!!!!!!!!  smile 
don't ever leave me inside shake it records alone again  lol
rolling stones on the record player  its like heaven on earth 
stones in exile was awesome 
is awake   why?? i'm crazy 
been going to yard sales since 830am with my big brother (who is an old lady in his soul apparently)  smile 
"who wants to <propfemale> me 100 bucks for an amazing fender guitar, with a case, mini amp and chord book?  smile  i could just die for it "
kicking my brothers butt in this karaokee video game!
don't worry! be happy!!!
probably going to spend the better half of today watching the 1st season of i love <propfemale>  lol
was walking up the stairs to my apt and ran into the wall  not sure how i missed it  its there everyday  i need to get more sleep  lol
exile on main street is re-released today!!!! i need that super deluxe edition but first i need to pull $200 out of my butt to afford it  =p
"come on, come on down, sweet <propfemale>  come on, <propfemale> child, i beg of you i want you to come on, come on down, you've got it in you  you've got to scrape that shit right off your shoes   smile "
pancakes at midnight? oh yeah! thats how i roll   smile 
hiding from my landlord for the sole purpose of avoiding awkward conversation 
wearing a <propfirst> lennon t-shirt = excellent conversation starter with hot cashier  must wear more often 
works 6am-2pm and then i'm taking a nice and long 12 hour nap lol  smile 
my 3g coverage sucks so bad   omg its cloudy! im not going to work for you b c i fail at life! ugh 
i'm not obsessed   i'm passionate!  laugh   love 
"i went down to the demonstration \to get my fair share of abuse \singing we're going to vent our frustration \if we don't, we're going to blow a 50 amp fuse"
they can't kill <propmale>!!!!!
this garbage truck driver is about to get a beat down from me  you dont wake <propmale> before noon! lol
playing in the rain when you should be working? priceless 
i know who i am! i'm a dude playing a dude disgused as another dude! ~tropic thunder~
"off work, taking a dip in the swimming pool now!  smile "
went swimming --- again  i could get used to this weather   smile  off to get some chinese  watch a <propfirst> downey jr movie and then    go swimming!!!
the guy at <propfemale> chef made fun of me for being short    lol what the heck 
is pretty sure it's 110° inside my store   can i get some a c ya jerks?
today we salute you mr  taxi cab over accessorizer  when it comes to interior design you don't trust anything that can't be plugged in to a cigarette lighter  can i use your toaster??????  smile 
loves getting into music battles at red lights  my guitars and drums will always beat your rattling trunk  try me 
and the wind cries <propfirst>   
people try to put us d-down  (talkin' 'bout my generation) just because we get around  (talkin' 'bout my generation) things they do look awful c-c-cold  (talkin' 'bout my generation) i hope i die before i get old
isn't it amazing how you can be broke on payday??? maybe in two more weeks i can have money i get to keep  ugh 
falling asleep at work  something exciting needs to happen quick    joyful 
work tonight is gonna be a good night   got the pick me up i needed   smile 
"manning my works sidewalk sale which = chasing balloons, sweating, and keeping people from stealing   but its better than working inside!"
"what do you mean \you people?!\"""""
"back from my mini vacation  sad  my apartment is sweltering, some new chick moved in downstairs and i have to share my garage       hung out with my siblings though   that was nice    kinda missed them  work at 7am  ugh "
whoa  longest nap i've had in along time 
can't breathe in this super hot apartment   think my dad should install my a c tomorrow   hint hint
"thinks my new neighbor needs to stop parking directly behind my car in my super narrow driveway, cause if i scrape my car on concrete again because of them, we are going to fight "
needs to go do something fun   work is seriously kicking my butt and it's only tuesday   where's my raise???
two fake $20's and we've been open an hour   c'mon now people 
why is facebook suggesting me to be friends with <propfirst> springer? lol
"catch a ride to the end of the highway and we'll meet by the big red tree  there's a place up ahead and i'm goin, come along, come along with me!  smile "
someone please tell me why i answer my phone  everytime i do i have to go to work earlier and earlier   its a conspiracy  =p
dd for the evening  should have some interesting stories come morning    text me!
"oh, what a night! (not late december back in '63 either!)  smile "
"found like $4 in quarters, a couple pens and some other fun surprises when i vacuumed out my car today   smile  also got a car wash  the bird poop on the back window was getting excessive  my car is very pleased with me at the moment "
hanging out with <propfemale> for the evening  smile 
going to the movies with <propmale>   smile   love 
is working on auto-pilot today    blaaah!
playing pool with <propfirst>  smile 
i won 2 3   i may have hustled <propfirst> a little   loser cleans the bathrooms at work   is that mean? lol sorry <propfirst>!!  smile 
work 930-830     which sucks as per usual  oh well  =p
stupid people shouldn't be able to breed  the world is over run with them as it is 
oh god it smells like something curled up and died in my stockroom  =o
"going to take a nap with my kitten, gizmo   smile "
doesn't have to be to work until 1030am as opposed to the original 730am  score one for me!!!!
"bored out of my mind    i mean i'm watching \america's got talent\"" for craps sake  doesn't get much worse than that  lol"""
thinks people should leave <propmale> <propfemale> alone 
"happy birthday to my other love, <propfirst> depp!!! think i might have to watch <propfemale> in wonderland after work   smile "
pizza time!
it's only rock 'n roll but i like it!!!
nothing like getting chewed out by your assistant district manager at 8am to bring you back to reality  ugh 
eating dinner at <propfemale> tuesdays  smile 
soooooooooooooooo bored
is it 930 yet? the new cashier is super cute and all but i'd rather be asleep right now 
"well, that was a 50 hour work week   can't wait for that check! work another 11hrs tomorrow   i think they're trying to kill me "
if you see my little red rooster   pleeeease drive him home  if you see my little red rooster pleeeease drive him home  ain't had no peace in the farmyard since my little red rooster's been gone   smile 
right back to work in a few hours   blah!
my district manager literally patted me on the back and said i was doing a great job   it was awesome   but i hope he knows i still need that raise!!  smile 
large pizza all to myself? don't mind if i do! haha 
isn't it supposed to get cooler at night??? i'm sweating more now than before! i need to invest in a fan asap
"who is scared of thunderstorms, lives alone and has sirens blaring out ridiculously loud????! this girl!"
big butter jesus got struck by lightning and is on fire!          i want to make a joke but i'm not sure its appropriate at this point in time     
<propfemale> my bosses ringtone song came on the radio and woke me out of a dead sleep and i jumped up thinking its time for work only to realize my leg was asleep and i promptly fell   twice  btw i don't work until 130p  smh
it's too early to be at work! ugh   surprise 
so   everyone is okay and i wasn't there but    my store got robbed for 73 bucks     what the fuck is wrong with people
dealing with the aftermath of the robbery   stupid people 
"everywhere i hear the sound of marching, charging feet, boy cause summer's here and the time is right for fighting in the street, boy  but what can a poor boy do except to sing for a rock & roll band? cause in sleepy london town there's just no place for street fighting man, no"
coverage of my store's robbery is going to be on channel 12 @ 11pm
"happy 55th birthday to my dad! oh yeah, i shouted out your age to all of facebook  now you know a little how it feels when you embarrass me in front of friends       but you prob don't care    lol"
going to watch the best movie ever now   tropic thunder   smile  love it!
tropic thunder for the second time tonight   smile 
i  love  <propfirst> downey jr  definately not watching tropic thunder for the 3rd time in a row this evening   to be fair the 2nd time we watched the audio commentary  =p
"3 showings of tropic thunder, 4 hours of sleep, 11 hours of work      my math went horribly wrong somewhere along the way "
falling asleep   need another cappuccino  ugh  wake up!
feels like i haven't been home in years! apt is super hot but it's good to be here!
dude   it's 1030am and i am roasting 
against the grain should be a way of life what's worth the price is always worth the fight   smile 
haha my sister said my skin is crayola crayon white  sweet 
is starting to think all my employees are from the land of misfit toys  they're all psycho but they make the day a lot more fun!  smile 
me + <propfemale> + half price books = epic adventure
going home and taking a nice loooong nap 
ihop!!!  smile 
waiting for it to cool down so i can go to westfest!
"westfest = bust  it's like a white trash family reunion  however, deep fried twinkies are most excellent "
god bless starbucks 
going to maverick's comic book store  that was the greatest place in the world when i was nine  lol
the general public gives me a headache 
"watched the movie, chaplin, for the first time and its made me oddly introspective   "
vaguely depressed  its been a looooong day  ate some ice cream   getting ready to put in a rd jr movie to cheer myself up  oi  o o
would kill to be at the clapton daltry concert  my job really cuts into my social life 
why is every air machine in cincinnati out of order??? i just want to put air in my tire  ugh 
forgot i had to go to court for work today  blah 
don't think my $6 witness fee check for testifying against shoplifters is going to cover my $35 parking ticket  our justice system at work 
"so i'm really upset they killed rorschach in watchmen  i know, i know  i'm like two years behind and spoiled it for all you other procrastinators "
not going to lie      the paranormal activity alternate ending literally made me cry  ='(
happy birthday to my favorite (now retired) baseball player <propfirst> <propfirst>!  smile 
god bless 88¢ banquet meals  i might've starved if not for them 
finally leaving work! and i didn't kill any customers  you guys should be proud of me after a day like this!  smile 
anyone going to see <propfirst> frampton in blue ash tonight?
40 minute delay on  <propfirst> reagan   car caught on fire   for real i can walk on the highway  good thing <propfirst> frampton isn't playing until 8pm 
"four years ago today i was sitting on the steps of the hotel ambar in tuxtla gutierrez, chiapas, mexico with my youth group listening to the faint sounds of a mariachi band playing on the street somewhere    good times   smile "
this red bull better give me wings
should go to bed  have to be at work at crack o' <propfemale> o'clock   which means i have to be awake even earlier   but it's so stinking hot! ugh  miserable 
one hour of work down   6 more to go  its it 1pm yet?
the power at my job blew out right after i left   why can't these things happen when i'm still working???
it's going to be one if those mornings     =p
just surprised my sister by taking her out to see eclipse  the look on her face? priceless  see i can be sweet when i want   smile 
going to my sister in laws baby shower in east boo foo kentucky lol after that? probably nothing because i have no life 
why am i still awake????? smh
got a raise!!! cha-ching!  smile 
starving! ihop time!  smile 
ho hum and (i wish i had) a bottle of rum!
has a c!!! thank you <propfemale>! you rock!!  smile 
my stupid cat for real woke me up every other hour and now i have to go to work and i feel like doing nothing but sleeping  ugh  is it 2pm yet?
oh man you know when you get all slap happy and can't stop laughing? yeah that's me right now  ps <propfirst> bartlet is am epic movie  i love it 
100% exhausted  who wants to go to work for me today? =p
"like my status and ill tell you something i like about you, something i dislike, my first impression, and my confession! smile "
wow an hour and a half late for work   good thing i'm the boss   really need to start getting more sleep  =o
money can't buy you happiness but it could sure pay my bills which would lead to peace of mind which would make me happy  ugh 
you know those movies where you're rooting for one guy and then halfway through you find out he's the bad guy and all you can say is shit? yep  that's whats happening in this movie and it makes me sad  lol
going to be at coney island all day!!! and happy 25th birthday to my sister <propfemale>!!!  smile 
noooooooooooooo don't rain! i haven't rode any rides yet!
"had an awesome day at coney  however, you may not recognize me because i have now joined the lobster species "
sunburns suck! this is why i can't go outside without spf 100  =p
if one more person hits me in my sunburn today i might flip out 
would take great pleasure in sleeping right now but i have a skit to finish and perform for vbs  it'll be fun if i can stay awake 
sometimes it's hard being as awesome as i am   smile 
"so if anyone would like to hit the lottery sometime soon, like now, and give me some money it'd be greatly appreciated "
"for my fellow history junkies   76 yrs ago today, legendary bank robber <propfirst> dillinger was murdered by hoover's g-men outside the biograph theater in chicago, betrayed by the \woman in red \""  now watch the movie public enemies in his honor!  smile """
i think i'm starting to get sick   and it sucks   i for real can't talk   sad 
why is it still 90° at almost 11pm???
despicable me was super epic 
super duper bored   not quite ready for bed yet   sigh  what to do?
happy 67th birthday to mick jagger! see ya on tour next year!   smile 
soooooo sleepy  why does work start so early in the morning?
the cat is seriously sleeping on my head  what the heck dude 
can't get motivated this morning  lets just close my store and we can all go to sleep until a more decent hour to open   like 3pm   smile 
me and my sister are retarded but we're the most awesome retards ever   smile 
going to sleep to an i love <propfemale> marathon  best show ever  classic   love   love   love 
"dear obnoxious guy moving in next door, as if you waking me up wasn't bad enough and blocking my driveway, i must say that if you hit my apt door with anymore boxes our furniture then i will be forced to severely injure you  sincerely, your caring neighbor in apt #4"
"should be leaving for work right now, but please, ask me if i've moved from this spot yet  =p"
god bless tropic thunder and god bless rd jr   love 
"\art in the blood is liable to take the strangest forms \"" - sir <propfirst> conan <propmale>"""
gets to work 13hrs today because family dollar is a greedy cotporation and really thinks they can make that much more money being open 3 extra hours 
this is ridiculous  is it 930 yet? please put me out of my working misery  ugh 
off work today   how shall i waste my day???
ugh! worst cramps ever  i'm just going to lay here for like ever   sad 
21 days until i'm 21!  smile 
super duper bored
"yes, i know it is 105 degrees outside  please feel free to stop telling me "
so  the entire interior of my car is soaking wet from this super random 5 minute down pour of rain that ocurred   the one time i left my windows down  just my luck 
"dear fb pals, i need you to make me a delicious cheesecake and bring it to dent, where you'll come in contact with mr  r  don't ask how just know it'll happen  you'll deliver the cheesecake to his hands and mr  r will then bring it through the narnia passageway and to our covert hideout  please remember to tip your mythical creature on your way out! \\thanks! <propmale> and caity  \\ps: bonus points for a new york pizza!"
i am the rooster illusion!
"\his ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge \"" - sir <propfirst> conan <propmale>"""
<propmale> and <propfirst> is such a violent cartoon   i love it!  love 
newport on the levee with caity and <propfirst> for a little pre-birthday celebration  <propfirst> rockets and a movie!  smile 
"dear fb friends, in addition to working 57hrs this upcoming week, i am also working 13 days straight  in advance, please do not take offense to my short temper and possibly mean disposition  thank you   smile "
its been a good day   smile 
i work 630am - 330pm tomorrow    why the heck am i still awake? lol
thinking about getting a piercing but i have no idea where  decisions decisions 
needs to get a hair cut  i'm starting to look like <propmale> <propmale>  =o
unloading the truck at work and a giant bottle of bleach leaked all down the front of me  i quit  =p
family dollar: slowly draining your soul since 1959!  smile 
random hail storm was literally blowing my car all over the highway! thanks <propfemale> for wishing such upon me  it did however cool off outside e playful onentially 
has an addiction to rdjr  this is not conducive towards saving money 
didn't know i was having dinner with <propfemale> minnelli and with carrot tops mom but i swear they're at <propfemale> city buffet with me 
has officially lost my car keys  i cannot even begin to describe how high my blood pressure is right now 
still can't find my car keys but thank heaven for spares  sigh wish i knew where they went 
a man just came into my store wearing a coconut bra and a skirt  good bless him for making me laugh so hard 
49hrs down    8 more to go   but i'm still not off until friday when my vacation starts but i think i can make it!
so caity found my car keys   i don't want to talk about it anymore  lol
doesn't feel like doing anything at work today  sigh 
4 more days until i'm on vacation!!!!!!
a little putz's ice cream is good for the soul  smile 
"is pretty sure the fowl, aka dr  fowler the evil writing dept head at scpa, put a curse on me in 11th grade  i haven't written anything good since then and it depresses me  the ideas are there they just never make it from pen to paper "
"dear new school for the creative and performing arts students, enjoy the brand new $73 million dollar school and for the love of <propmale> don't tear it up  you're at the best school in the world, soak it up and have fun!"
"for my birthday next tuesday can everyone just give me money so i can actually catch up on my bills? lol good grief  can i go back to having no responsibilities too, while we're at it ? great, thanks   smile "
after working two weeks straight without an off day only 8hrs stand between me and a 10 day vacation!!!  smile 
"happy 24th birthday to my awesome big brother <propfirst>!!! hope your daughter makes an appearance soon, i'm tired of waiting to meet her!  love  (4hrs until vacation!!!)"
god bless <propfemale>  clocked out  off for the next 10 days  take that family dollar!!!!!!!!! =p
"     somebody, a legit human, pooped on my car     "
in indianapolis all weekend! peace out dudes   smile 
small redneck towns provide the best writing material   you can't make this stuff up!
21st birthday in two days and i still don't know what im doing   any suggestions??
my niece is finally here!!!!!! congrats to my big brother <propfirst> and my sister on law <propfemale>!!! more info to follow!!!!
"<propfemale> <propfemale> hicks, born august 23, 2010 at 8 smile 9am weighing 8lbs and 4ozs  she's 21 inches long  mom, dad and baby are doing awesome  and so is aunty <propmale>!  smile "
"hey guys   guess who is 21 today??! thanks for the birthday wishes so far, keep them coming, it's my only day in the spotlight!  wink "
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes  had an awesome 21st birthday  you guys rock and i love ya!
just had the most delicious subway sandwich   smile 
got severely chastised by a cop because my friends tires squeal when you take off  wtf   sad 
"is watching my awesome niece, <propfemale>!  smile "
soooo they messed up my schedule at work and have me back from vacation tomorrow   not a happy camper  i hate family dollar  with a deep burning passion 
has decided to quit my job and become a pirate and search for buried treasure for the rest of my life  arrrrgh!!!!
"\i have enough tranquilizers in this gun to take down <propfirst> downey jr!\"" - family guy episode i just watched lol"""
just got my store completely clean 30mins ago and now it's a complete wreck  can you tell it's the first of the month?
feels immensely satisfied that i have finally updated this story that i haven't posted a new chapter to in 3 years  my readers are going to crap their pants in joy!  smile  perhaps this will also clear up my writer's block   the guilt of abandoning my readers was clogging up my muse 
you better check yourself before you wreck yourself   smile 
"\those who dream by day are cognizant of many things that escape those whom dream only at night \"" ---<propmale> <propmale> poe"""
guess who has to work through the webn fireworks? this girl!  sad  as per usual  please everyone  stay away from family dollar 
= epic
has helped two different people move on my last two off days  i hope they remember this when i move  =p
thinks it'd be nice if i could breathe through my nose again  i hate summer colds   sad 
is going to need for <propfemale> <propfirst> to stop popping up when i put my mp3 on random 
watching hoarders makes me feel better about my life
"dear, i-75 drivers   \\who in the heck ever gave you a license? perhaps you should review what it means to merge, how to use a turn single and your mirrors (in case there is someone already in your desired <propfirst>, like me), and the appropriate speed limit for the highway  \\when you no longer suck at life you may resume highway travel  until then, stay home  \\thanks!"
is salty the power went out when there was ten minutes left to this movie including the oh so critical moment of does he live or does he die  the fact that i've seen this movie already is irrelevant 
two words: who dey!
so lets pretend that next sunday is the first bengals game of the season  smile 
wants to go to australia with oprah and <propfirst> travolta!!!!
watching sherlock holmes!  smile 
oh man  you know that point in life where everything is funny? yep  i'm there 
"dear annoying neighbor across the hall, i hate you  i have since you moved in and made ridiculous amounts of noise with your boxes  i have resisted keying your 09 charger when you block the driveway  but if you continue to blast your damn bass at such a high decibel i will be forced to ruin your pathetic life  hell hath no fury like an overworked and sleep deprived woman  that is all "
i get by with a little help from my friends   love 
eating panera with my bff <propfemale>  smile 
"going to see devil with <propfemale>, <propfirst> and caity at the levee  smile  it's been a great day!"
watching sherlock holmes   again   because that's how i roll   smile  i'll admit it  i have a problem    love  god bless <propfirst> downey jr  for being so hot 
"spending time with my beautiful niece, ms  <propfemale>!  love "
does anybody have the first season of ally mcbeal that they want to let me borrow? i'm trying to get into that show but i can't find it anywhere but online  =p
doesn't care about glee  =p lol
"has an \oh my god why are you awake already\"" headache   joyful """
attention fb friends: my sister <propfemale> has finished her first book since green eggs and ham 20yrs ago! it was <propfemale> spelling's auto bio but still   this is a proud moment for the hicks family   <propfemale> wasn't adopted afterall!
reviving my love for tropic thunder  love 
who dey  smile 
thinks it'd be fantastic if for once while i'm home that these people would be quiet long enough for me to sleep past 7am  this is ridiculous   sad 
"how about those redlegs with that epic walk off homerun?! first winning season since 2000, first time winning the division since 1995  first world series since 1990?! we shall see!  smile "
fyi something is wrong with my phone sooooo   the only way to contact me is through fb and my job phone   hmmm    but that aside i had a super amazing evening hanging out with my favorite band  smile 
after a brief nervous breakdown my phone is alive   smile  off work at 1230   i love short days   love 
you know those naps where you are like put in a temporary coma? yeah  those are nice   smile 
my soul died a little when my dm told me to start condensing halloween so we had even more room for christmas stuff 
out with <propfemale> at the main  might hit a couple other places too   smile 
a little too cold and rainy for haunted houses tonight so larosa's and a scary movie with <propfemale> and <propfemale> instead  smile 
wishes i got paid $10 50 hr to roll around on the floor like the other asm at my store does  i mean really   she doesn't do her job so what else could she be doing for 8hrs other than rolling on the floor?
o'charleys!  smile 
is slowly falling asleep   might make it to bed before 230am for the first time in days! it's been a busy but most excellent weekend   smile 
so much for going to bed at a decent hour  =p
"crack 'o <propfemale> o' clock, why must come so soon? working until 1pm "
eating the most epic subway sandwich ever while discussing the attraction between <propmale> and ms  piggy and how ridiculous it is 
needs something to do   too hyper to sit idly
"anybody know where to find good two bedroom apartments that are affordable and aren't being over run by crack heads or something terrible like that, that decreases the property value? lol"
"had like a 30 minute conversation with my cashier today about politics, religion, ethics, world history, trigonometry and literature  i've missed intelligent conversation   smile "
has been sitting in the car at the little caesars parking lot eating pizza for the last hour because i don't feel like going home and dealing with people  sigh  exile on main street for real  =p
watching <propfemale> get ready for homecoming    needless to say the drama is thick in the air   or maybe that's the hairspray thats enlarging the ozone layer
"so land of illusion was epic aside from the fact i ran from the chainsaw dudes and wiped out on the gravel, effectively destroying the right side of my body  but one of the redneck voodoo guys decided to be my boyfriend for the night so that's a plus  lol"
if one word could be used to describe cincinnati sports it would be this: choke
is really sad the power decided to randomly go out on my iron man movie marathon night   sad 
has decided <propfemale> downey is the one turning off the power   it came on and then when i started geeking over rdj too much it cut back off  lol
it's going to be one of those kind of days  please pray that i don't horribly injure someone  =p
just got off work   have to be right back to work at 5am    family dollar is honestly trying to kill me 
i want some cofffffeeeeeeee!
"considering my lack of sleep, i'm certainly a bundle of energy "
had a great kick off to my off day by rocking out with my favorite band all night   the stones never sounded better  smile 
is really pumped to see the town   it's super awesome so far but i sure as hell can't keep my eyes open   i guess i should probably sleep for more than two hours a night   
"going to parky's farm with my bff's family  should be fun, these kids are so sweet "
is freezing
rocking out with the dice!!!  smile 
i'm talkin' 'bout the midnight rambler   the one you never seen before  talkin' 'bout the midnight gambler  did you see him jump the garden wall?
on my way to work   coffee run first   singing the stones all the way there!  smile 
my dm <propfirst>ted me on the back for doing so awesome at work  that's the 2nd <propfirst> this year   think on the 3rd <propfirst> i get a raise?  smile 
having a <propfemale> the vampire slayer marathon  i miss this show so much!  smile 
is procrastinating a little  =p
"dear caity, thanks for making fun of my cold and my lack of a voice  you really help my self-esteem  you're the best  lol =p"
watching beauty and the beast on vhs because inside i'm really 5yrs old 
"bengals, why must you break my heart every week? here is hoping for a better second half  =p"
ahhhhhh!!!! fumble recovery for the td!!!!!
if you see my little red rooster   pleeeeeeaaaase drive him home  ain't had no peace in the farm yard since my little red roosters been gone 
hates working monday mornings when all the big bosses are running around  there's always ten catastrophes i have to attend to at once  =p
it was great to hear my boys practice tonight! they always rock and make my day better   love  off to bed now  i'm so far beyond sleep deprived 
"<propfemale> you want me to drive through this storm to go to work? um, how about no?"
"dear glee, as if i didn't like you enough already   i'm going to need for you to never ruin an epic musical like the <propmale> horror picture show again  for shame  =p"
"is about to take the most epic nap in the world   you know, the one i talked about earlier where you're ko'd for like 3 days?? i'm pumped "
watching the shining!! all work and no play makes <propfirst> a dull boy            smile 
(in awesome faux british elitist accent)    and now for something completely different   smile 
well that was an epic trip to ihop  smile 
"paranormal activity 2 w  <propmale> and some friends after work, followed by shanghai mama's for dinner  930 can't get here fast enough!  smile "
sooooo who wants to spend the night with me and make sure i don't get possesed by a demon?
"got to feed, change, play and watch the first half of the game with my awesome niece, <propfemale>  now i have to go to work all night and miss halloween "
is having the stupidest day ever
"what can a poor boy do, except sing for a rock n roll band???"
raiding my nephews halloween candy   cause a young boy like him doesn't need all that sugar   so i'll take one   or two   or ten    for the team   smile 
grape fanta tastes like cough medicine  blah  someone buy me some coke before i start going through withdraws  lol
"off work, visiting my granny and then going home   smile "
going to the midnight premiere of due date with caity tonight! shall be the best movie ever 
i'm    dreaming   of a whiiiiiiite christmaaaaaasssss!!! lol hello first snow of the season!  smile 
is so happy i just gained an extra hour of life   wink  fall back everyone!
"ha!  my old geometry teacher came into my work and was like, \hicks!!! i failed you!!\"" always a great self esteem booster """
i lost a rolling stones cd!! bah! shame on me!!
8 seconds into the game and the bengals already suck 
okay    i am officially giving up and throwing in my bengals towel for the season  need a new team to root for  any suggestions?
maybe i spoke too soon   c'mon boys   
      and my heart is broken again  fml
has a strange attraction towards conan o'brien  i love that man  god bless him   smile 
had to go to the er for my stupid tooth   haven't slept yet and i'm at work until 3pm    possibly under the influence of  a fantastic pain reliever 
is doped up and heading to bed 
"this is like clockwork  grrr  dear pill, please take effect asap  thanks   sad "
"just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming swimming, what do we do? we swim swim swim   smile "
has been up every hour on the hour  this damn tooth deserves to be pulled for being such a butthead  can't wait for that!!! working 730-530  lord have mercy 
is free from work!! god bless <propfemale>!
"(why i hate mexican food) brittany: okay, we have to split the <propmale>  it's $37 94  \caity: okay, sure \brittany: (to waiter) could you itemize this into two <propmale>s??\waiter: si, si!\\(returns with new <propmale>)\\brittany: okay, the total now is    $47 94?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?\\true story  $10 magically accumulated on the new \itemized\"" <propmale>  ten bucks for paper maybe?"""
"only my friends would call at 2am and threaten me with bodily harm if i didn't meet them at the nearest steak n shake, no matter how tired i am, and then buy me delicious food  smile  i  love  my friends"
"(answering quiz questions online): okay <propfemale> here is your next question, what is the national anthem?         (<propfemale>) : it's a song  can i sing it??   lol  =o"
it'll be great when i can sleep again 
"i thought you needed my loving, but it's my heart that you stole  i thought you wanted my money, but you plundered my soul   love "
was going to do something something fun when i got off work like further my social life   however a date with two tylenol pms sounds just as much fun 
11 hours of consecutive sleep   smile  score one for me! hopefully getting this sucker yanked tomorrow 
only has $165 left on the tuition i owe cincinnati state    so guess who is going back to cincy state for the winter term in january?!  smile 
coffee run! work 6a - 3p then hopefully going to the thanksgiving dinner at church  miss everyone!
store visits from big bosses today = my chinese food is going to be cold  sad 
bummer <propmale>   sad 
there's absolutely nothing to do   sigh   
maybe will see the dentist today   he's only taking 5 emergencies and of course poor <propmale> is number 6 
"no dentist today, first priority monday  now having a godfather movie marathon minus part 3 because part 3 sucked "
salty i spent $100 on xbox 360 stuff and my console totally imploded on me  anyone know how to fix xbox 360s?
it's official   the good people of gamestop pronounced my xbox360 d o a  gamers instead of flowers please earn a gaming achievement in memory of my console  ='( what a crappy week 
"watching the last airbender with my bro, sister in law and niece  waiting for <propfirst>' deer meat chili to be done   never had deer before, should be interesting "
please don't make me go to work   sad 
"dear cincinnati bengals, how did you lose to buffalo?! just saying    in other news i've decided to runaway and marry into the italian mafia to solve all my problems  that is all "
looooong day today  dentist appt now then work 1230 - 930  ugh 
well   that was the scariest thing i've ever done 
left work early  extractions suck big time  which one of my lovely friends want to bring me some soup or some other awesome liquid food?
on the hunt for food 
wishes that this super creepy dude would leave my store and stop looking like he's going to <propmale> somebody   
watching dirty dancing  smile 
working until 3pm  with any luck the day will go fast  =p
"chaos, panic, and disorder    must be a family holiday  happy thanksgiving to all my friends and fam   smile "
on to thanksgiving number 2 at my bff <propfemale>'s and then off to my brothers to watch the bengals attempt to gain a shred of dignity   smile 
"dear bengals, please fire that piece of poop kicker  we should be tied right now "
"*epic face palm* sure guys, you can just give the game away  it isn't like you're 2-8 or anything  you don't need a win "
ha! i can play an e chord on guitar! <propfirst> richards look out cause i'm on fire! lol
was supposed to be having thanksgiving dinner but my store was robbed for the 2nd fucking time this year  thank you ignorant ass people 
watching the first season of rescue me  i forgot how much i loved this show   smile 
"i've been walking central park, singing after dark  people think i'm crazy "
ha! my neighbor was blasting his surround sound so i blasted exile on main street and guess who turned his tv down? score mel:1 douche neighbor: 0
isn't allowed to wear jeans at work anymore!  time to switch jobs 
can't sleep for crap  tomorrow is going to be a looooong day 
family dollar is quite literally the devil  and that's putting it in the kindest terms possible 
"#24, you have been a tremendous influence on my life   you helped me grow in my spiritual walk whether you knew it or not  you're an excellent teacher and youth leader and you know i love you to death  ps: what are we supposed to do now that both of our fav baseball players are retired???"
195 it's been awesome to be back in touch again  missed chatting with you  super pumped to <propfemale> out at your going away party  need to see your dbz tattoo  lol
666 you must be a demon and demons are bad  perhaps you need to speak to our untamable god and stop being so demon like  ps:  why is your mother in a coffee can?!
steak n shake  yum   smile 
first off day in 2 weeks  whew 
going out with my bffs to shamelessly drool over <propfirst> depp in the tourist   smile 
sooo the tourist is my new favorite <propfirst> depp movie  freakin awesome  nice twist 
"well, now is a perfect time for you to die car heater! its not like its winter and i need you or anything "
bring on the white death  this girl is off tomorrow   smile 
is banned from doing my <propfirst> simmons impersonation at work  apparently it scares people   laugh 
"\all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream \"" ---<propmale> <propfirst> poe"""
   someone at ihop just sneezed like a pokemon    im baffled 
"well   aside from my car sliding through a red light and doing a 360 into the opposite <propfirst> i'd say i did okay for my first time stuck driving through the white death  good thing caity was there so i didn't freak out and could laugh about it    after peeing my pants  so, dad wanna fix my brakes???"
made it to work without wrecking or sliding  this is an accomplishment for which we should all be proud   smile 
<propfemale> <propfirst> is stalking me   
anyone else going to scpa's alumni day?
"exhausted  been a long day  alumni day was fun  great seeing old friends and teachers  performing arts students, i'm jealous of the new school but you can't beat the old one!  smile "
"happy birthday to my hero and main inspirer, the maestro, the riff master, one half of the glimmer twins   mr  <propfirst> richards   love "
i love american beauty  one of my all time favorite movies  definately <propfirst> spacey's best role   smile 
"someone asked me today if we sold, \aruby cube \"" umm you mean a rubik's cube?? lol"""
"watching a great christmas movie   sweeney <propmale>  nothing like a serial killing, cannibal eating musical to put you in the christmas mood   smile "
off today and have absolutely nothing to do  what a waste  =p
at ihop with my dad and caity  im starvin like marvin    who is <propmale> anyways? the martian? i'm starvin like ghandi 
<propfemale> christmas everyone  don't shoot your eyes out!!
i fart in your general direction!
just watched the original teenage mutant ninja turtle movie and realized this is where i learned most of my vocabulary  duuuuude! cowabunga dudes  lets get some pizza   smile 
guess i should wake up now  smores ice cream and a coca-cola for breakfast? i think so   smile 
"the singer, he looks angry   at being thrown to the lions  \\the bass player he looks nervous   about the girls outside \\the drummer he's so shattered   trying to keep in time  \\the guitar players look damaged  they've been outcasts all their lives "
is going to start charging money when people ask me to do errands for them  =p
"is so sad my vcr (yes, those do still exist) will not rewind st  elmos fire so i can watch it  guess its more of a pretty in pink fan "
time for work already??? definitely a coffee day 
some peoples blood pressure drops watching the waves on the ocean   mine drops in the chick-fil-a drive thru  i'm so easy to please   smile 
"today must be \try and hit <propmale>'s car day \"" i'm going home and not coming back out until people learn how to drive """
does <propmale> manilow know that you raid his wardrobe?
"my 4 year old nephew just called me repeating, \redrum\"" over and over again   should i be worried??? lol"""
hanging out with my bff <propfirst>! i missed him so much!
at work   can hardly keep my eyes open  i need to try this thing called sleep every once in awhile 
"happy 9th birthday to my nephew, <propfirst> <propfirst>  love ya!  love "
playing the guitar   i'm terrible at it but someday i'll be almost mediocre!  smile 
going out with the best friends to see the <propfirst> clarke band @ allyns cafe  smile 
got the call my store was robbed for the 3rd time in 6 months  honestly    anyone hiring???
i am revoking all those times when i was a kid and said i loved snow  i dont want to drive in this mess   sad 
we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl   year after year 
"dear snow, \\after christmas nobody likes you anymore  please, have a little dignity and stop trying to shove yourself down everyone's throats \\thanks, see ya next christmas \<propmale>"
"dear little old man who pulled his pants down in the middle of my store,\\i hope you're paying for my therapy  it's all downhill from here \\your traumatized store manager,\<propmale>"
<propfirst> depp is good for my soul 
watching the <propfirst> clarke band @ baba budan's cafe in <propmale>   smile 
"dear facebook,\\if i wanted the new facebook homepage i would have changed it myself  stop changing stuff before you wind up like myspace \\mel\\ps: today has been a fantastic day fb friends "
woot! 54 hour work week done  that will be a nice check  start a 45 hour week tomorrow   this will be fun 
"went to church, had lunch with fantastic friends, finally bought ladies and gentlemen: the rolling stones and having a great day  work better not ruin it!"
"stick that in your juice box and suck on it, <propmale> <propmale>   smile "
is out of energy 
my co-worker just tried to tell me that <propfirst> bowie is a country western singer   what?!
is sleep deprived so i'm taking a long nap  wake me up and we're going to fight  that is all   smile 
"of all the days for my dm to be at my store, he picks the day it snows and i'm five minutes late  oi "
anything else bad want to happen? this is stupid 
working 730a - 930p and i'm already exhausted  send me good vibes through out the day  i'm going to need them 
"my co-worker, <propfirst>, said <propmale> <propfirst> should have stuck to his day job   what?! nothing but blasphemy ever comes from his mouth "
the lunatic is in my head   
ugh i hate the steelers so much  the jets better step it up in the 2nd half 
"dear stupid kid walking in the middle of the street down montana hill,\\do not play chicken with me  i have a car  i will win  also, you have no right to flip me the bird and cuss just because you wore a $200 pair of shoes out in the snow and thought they would stay clean  invest in some boots \\thanks from your friendly ohio driver,\<propmale>"
if i was smart i'd be sleeping right now   
my boyfriend is awesome   love 
day twenty: i finally have a legitimate off day  no work at all! thank you!
hanging out with <propfirst> and his family  having a great time   smile 
is ridiculously happy with him   smile 
at the cyclones game with <propfirst> and his family  <propfirst>'s last night in cincy   sad 
"well, that was a little harder than i thought  see you in seattle, <propfirst>   smile  go army  love "
can't get motivated this morning  need more sleep   working 830a-930p today  ugh 
is going to be a broken record player   i love him  smile 
"well, my nerves are officially shot  lol"
its four in the afternoon   guess i should get dressed and motivated 
watching scary movies with <propfemale>  smile 
if you want to go to sleep you probably shouldn't watch a bunch of scary movies  lol
"well, you can't say yes and you can't say no, just be right there when the whistle blows!     name that tune stones fans  smile "
thinks i pulled a muscle bowling  sigh  only me  =p
"happy valentines day, <propfirst>  miss you and love you   love  happy valentines to everyone else as well   smile "
"brianna: i'm getting a snake and it could eat you whole \me: probably, there's not much of me to begin with \brianna: that means less to swallow \me: great, so i can slowly die, faster  \\    slowly die faster       ?"
watching dear <propfirst> on netflix  love me some channing <propfemale> 
"has had a fantastic evening morning terrorizing the people of ihop with bri, caity and grandpappy   smile "
life is excellent!
"happy birthday to my grandma and to the sweetest angel in heaven, my mom   smile   love "
watching my nephew because i'm such an awesome aunt   smile 
<propfemale> is hustling me in bowling    lol  smile 
"(after having a long line of customers)\\me: where did all of those people come from?!\regina: the bushes of hell!\\pretty much   smile "
me and my sister talked wedding plans for like three hours on the phone today  it was so much fun!!  smile 
has the best fiance ever  love him and miss him so much   love 
"my cat will not come to you if you call her name   but if you play the rolling stones song \star star\"" she will come running from the other room and follow you   and bite your leg   """
this has been without a doubt the stupidest day ever 
found a dress!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"hey! you idiots picketing fallen soldiers' funerals, i'm talking to you! you know why you are allowed to do that? because the dead soldier you are trashing, gave his her life so you would have the freedom to e playful ress your stupidity! feel free to copy & post, i did because i wasn't afraid to e playful ress my ever lasting gratitude to every serviceman woman past, present and future\\  love  love my soldier!  love "
god bless whoever invented skype  great to finally see him again   love 
well   i guess you find out who your friends are    ='(
"there's only one thing to do \three words for you \i love you \there's only one way to say \those three words and that's what i'll do, i love you  love  \\(1,2,3,4 by the plain white tees)"
talking to <propfirst> dinser via skype
first day off in over a week and for some reason everybody and their brother thinks its ok to call me at 9am  =p
"had a wonderfully random conversation with the fiance about <propfirst> depp and what would happen if we became zombies, cause, y'know, one should always be prepared for such an event! lol  love   love   love "
"is so ridiculously in love    love \\get used to these sappy posts facebook, that's amore!  smile "
you know you are either really hungry or really lazy when you go ahead and eat a half warm microwave spaghetti dinner instead of putting it back in  =p
"hanging out with all my friends these last couple days  first the wonderful in-laws, then bri, <propmale>, caity and <propmale> and now my second mom <propfemale>  smile  life is good"
3 more months!!  love 
locked out of the house           crap
having a great day  brother is changing my oil and i'm tossing the football around with my nephews  smile 
managers meeting all day  blah!!
walts bbq with my sister and nephew  yummy!
tornado watch?? i'm getting the hell out of dodge!
i hate thunderstorms ='(
loves off days but im soooooo bored 
where the heck did this snow come from and why is it here?
has been on a <propmale> petty kick recently   
"putz's, the most amazing ice cream place in the world is open today   smile "
"i visited my nephew's fb <propfemale> and i've come to the conclusion that not only do kids these days not know how to form a complete sentence, but they also don't know how to speak english period  it's enough to make a spelling teacher jump out a window "
and now the triumphant return of the tumbling dice!!!!!!!
tumbling dice played so amazing tonight!!!!! had a blast!! can't wait for your next gig!!!
           
i  love  <propfirst> <propfirst> dinser   smile 
"dear mr  president, i hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year  would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country? while you're at it, lets cut down all congressman's pay too  if the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay, why should we be raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits? repost if you support troops"
is so ridiculously bored its not even funny
thinks if the government doesn't want to pay my fiance for serving our country then they should send him home 
"darn you <propmale> sparks! your amazing novels have sucked me in again and now its 4am  don't you know i work at 11???      sigh       \okay, just one more chapter    smile "
"no matter what kind of a day i've had, he always makes everything so much better  don't know what i'd do without him    smile  i love you, <propfirst> dinser!!!!  love "
off work for the next two days  now i won't have to kill anybody   smile 
my coke   just tried to kill me   
"\my heart is yours  it's you that i hold onto \""  love """
holy crap that thunder just scared the poop outta me!!!!!!!!!!!!! and <propfemale> <propfemale> hadsell pretty much just had a seizure but miraculously did not drop her laptop during her little tap dance  10 years have been taken off of both of our lives  =o <propfirst> dinser is a poo poo head for laughing at us!
bracing myself for this monster thunderstorm ='(
tornados are not cool              think its about time to hide in the basement 
sleepless in cincinnati   my heart is in seattle 
its a good thing i'm an insomniac or this car alarm that has literally been going off for an hour might have kept me awake 
easter musical at church  smile 
have a little priest     smile 
im sooooooooooooooooooo bored   
should've went to bed when he told me to  ugh  on the plus side happy easter  smile 
what a stupid day  =p
has been going and working since 530a   thinking its time for a nap   joyful 
"had to beat some old people down, kick some little kids in the shins, and sell my soul to the lord of gasoline but you better believe i only paid $3 77 for my gas  let us please forget that my pump didn't shut off and overflowed  \\take that you price gouging jerks "
watching season 4 of ally mcbeal w robert downey jr in it   really sad that rdjr got fired from the show   i love his character with ally  this is so disappointing  lol
ha! osama bin laden was killed by americans and we have his body! take that sucker!
"watching the movie, \love story \"" love means never having to say you're sorry   love """
"to all my fb friends, in honor of mother's day i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till may 9  i did and so have several others  if you will and like this idea, please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb!"
lost all of my energy  ready to be home and in bed  =p
