13067fb422c2673140e7bc06e3c0daa4
is at work    yay me!!!
gotta love a 7-10 job
ahhhh finally done with work for the day!
finally home and now headin to fargo!
off work early    now what to do?
is in fargo and heading to minot at 2 in the morning
who doesnt love work?
college english + laptop + website filter not being up    gotta love it 
rollovers really arent that much fun
goin to the races tonight!
this was a good night
to do the homework or to not do the homework?
life is always a mess
well i think its time for bed 
actually did my english
underwear olympics? what a name for it
ehhh ima fatty
cleaning a car is a lot of fun at beginning of the next day
fargo tomorrow!
that was a good night
<propfemale> christmas!
almost new years and not all that many options for what to do   
"last day home, and i'm still snowed in!"
"swim trunks, t-shirt, a shovel, and snow to be moved    thats how its done!"
"this is what new years should've been, starting to feel it!?   i'm there man!"
"here i go again, goodbye north <propfemale>, hello florida"
did i do something?
had an awesome night!
"\i've been living; i've been locked inside a fantasy; i've been begging for a single moment; i need to tell you i've been thinking of you endlessly; and won't you listen to the words i'm speaking\"""""
"\the time between those cutting words built up our defenses; never made no sense it just made me hurt; do you believe that time heals all wounds; it started getting better but it's easy not to fight when i'm not with you\"""""
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name under comments "
i hate homework
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!
im ready for the weekend!
that was a great weekend
midnight is so boring
its been awhile   
what a night!
figured you out 
what a night!
one hell of a weekend!
"\you put yourself in stupid places yes i think you know it's true situations where it's easy to look down on you i think you like to be the victim i think you like to be in pain i think you make yourself a victim almost every single day\"""""
time for the weekend!
puttin it down!
skillet man!
"when you miss that first <propmale>, someone else takes it    then when that is all said and done and you just wait for your second one    it never seems to come    so that just means its time to move on "
nickelback concert!
kick ass concert!
one night down    two to go!!!
cant stop partyin!!!
nothing ever seems to ever work out 
suns up    so guessing its time for bed
gone fishing!
off to fargo at 2:45 in the morning?
nothing stops the partying    not even flat tires
my weakness is that i care too much
"screw pondering, i'm going to bed "
hmmmm    what to do?
"my whole life i been picking fights there ain't no way to win, got a hundred scars i should have run away now tattooed on my skin, there's a side of me that just won't stop, dancin' in the flame   maybe i just get off on the pain"
hmmm the pizza? or the steak?
"and i almost had you, but i guess that doesn't cut it "
"fargo tonight, meps in the morning, and then i get to catch a plane ride "
"<propmale> international    flight to san <propmale> at 9 smile 0    lots of time to kill, and this is the last time i get to see a computer for the next three months of my life"
home sweet home 
so what does ever go right?
here goes another one 
its been awhile  
why couldnt things just be simple for once
weeknights are not the right nights    should've waited for the weekend
last few days of freedom once again
famous last words   
am i more than you bargained for yet?
road trip!? in this state of mind    hell yes!!!
last day in north <propfemale>! off i go again!
"mct    live grenades, rocket launchers, a dozen different weapons systems, and thousands of rounds of ammunition    what more can a guy ask for?"
bsre was as cold as cold gets but i'm finally done here    graduation on tuesday and then florida here i come  laugh 
"schedule gets changed up all the time it seems like    next school is in lovely pensacola florida for about a month, then off to maine for sere school, and then from there i get my assigned aircraft and i then get trained for it specifically    all in all about another year and a half of schools left for me"
"coming home sometime around the 17th or 18th and could possibly be there for about a month, hell yeah!"
"what sucks is knowing that no matter what u do, life back home moves on without you "
finally coming home tomorrow   laugh 
never so happy to see snow!
"<propfirst> - what the f**k is that? \me - thats jd man! lol o yeah"
"time to go to fargo, now what to do all day?"
after christmas its just one more week till i'm back in nas pensacola
some of your best friends and a couple 18's    what a night
"what to do, what to do"
bored as hell!
new years celebration!?
"flight got delayed 3 hours so i missed my connection in atlanta, get to stay the night there now     yay!"
"finally settled into a hotel room for the night, hopefully tomorrow traveling works out a lot better"
"really lovin pensacola, although who would of thought it'd be cold here?"
3 day weekend    hell yeah!  i've about had enough swimming to last me a life time
who says ya cant go two at a time!?
see if tonight can live up to the last one  laugh 
crazy night got topped off by a ride in a limo!  playful 
"one thing to say, go blow yourself"
wake up at three to be in formation by four    just to find out that i have to wait till five to start our motivating six mile run
now thats how you celebrate a weekend
what'd ya do on monday nights?
the best is yet to come  smile 
"when your out with your wingman, make it a grenade free night"
