12bfcd0fc912dcb351e6208ac54177b5
"fuck the new year  new years sucked more than usual this year  oh well, you people can have a grand 2010 "
if you wanna talk that sucks  phone is goin' off  peace
"alis is on my mind, god she is so fuckin perfect smile "
"nothing is happening lol well ofcourse that i am to talking to the most amazing girl whom i would be dating, and absolutely in love with!  smile  fuck! im bein impatient! im so tried of waitin! 8 days takes too long, i miss my babygirl, i love you alexis love "
what a stupid fucking cunt fuck you
women-worthless cunts
talkin' to muh babygirl smile 
there is one thing i love about me  i have taught myself to simply not give a fuck about anything  it's nice to be free from pathetic little emotions
"was nice to drink a little last night  first time in 2 years  lol, was fucking awesome  laugh "
"did you know that if we were all to consume less oxygen and function as well as we do now, the period of our life span would extend  no? well, i did "
tired of waiting for certain things  and people wonder why i hate people  hm  peace 
where the hunnies at http annoyed  chatter com a 46h9n?ref=nf
questions please? http annoyed  chatter com a 49axh?ref=nf
fucking hott outside http annoyed  chatter com a 4amut?ref=nf
i'm curious what everyone's answer would be   if you could change one thing about toda    http annoyed  chatter com a 4ayx2?ref=nf
living in new york should be interesting lol  3 jobs and tryin' to finally get my high    http annoyed  chatter com a 4p38m?ref=nf
anyone got any interesting questions? http annoyed  chatter com a 4xhvj?ref=nf
"bored as fuck, jammin' to music  anyone goin' to entertain? http annoyed  chatter com a 639s6?ref=nf"
stoned  bored  lonely  make it better? http annoyed  chatter com a 6hhgi?ref=nf
very bored  need some sort of entertainment  anyone want a picture of themselves edite    http annoyed  chatter com a 6kq58?ref=nf
falling subject to boredom yet again  anyone care to changing that? http annoyed  chatter com a 6qdjb?ref=nf
"bored as fuck  wish i had something to do, but of course  nothing to do  looks like pot is my best friend tonight "
watching some movie called fletch  it's pretty fuckin' funny lol 
"singin the beatles like a fuckin pro, dont hate bitch "
iron maiden is god  so fuck those of you that disagree smile 
"lonely, but oh well  guess all i can do is say fuck it and try and actually sleep before the sun comes up for once  "
"throwing darts with the mother and neighbor  good enough evening for me, somthin' to do "
i get pissed off too easily 
ask me questions i'm bored!  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a 7defi?ref=nf
dorito nachos laugh  mmmmmmmm
"watching fear of the dark  so in other words, bored as fuck!"
a hunger that eats away into the back of my mind  the sense of it never goes away  it ruins my life  it destroys who i am 
"lookin' for someone interesting to talk to, not many of those kind of people on here      http annoyed  chatter com a 7oxa4?ref=nf"
"well if that's how things are going to be, then that is how it's going to be  whatever "
give me a blunt 
"bored, someone talk to me http annoyed  chatter com a 82cit?ref=nf"
"watchin' criminal minds, can't sleep o o http annoyed  chatter com a 8zd7z?ref=nf"
missin' the old days  annoyed  life was actually fun back then  eh 
bored as shit  gots any questions? http annoyed  chatter com a 92c4a?ref=nf
bloodhound gang-hooray for boobies (hidden track) is hilarious stoned  http annoyed  chatter com a 92khv?ref=nf
bored  want to chill with someone 
anyone got's a skype? http annoyed  chatter com a 98sdg?ref=nf
ask me somethin'  anything at all  http annoyed  chatter com a 9dgpd?ref=nf
"women are quite annoying  sometimes unbearable, wheres my weed when i need it? oh, down the street i go!  smile "
bored watching criminal minds at the moment  someone entertain me! http annoyed  chatter com a 9gcyw?ref=nf
"hmm, just have the feeling this morning that i want to drink all day  what a shame that i quit  i do miss my captain morgan annoyed "
"as a replacement for no drinking, i must leave right now to get stoned off my ass  goodbye world "
"goin to get trashed, leave me shit http annoyed  chatter com a 9icc2?ref=nf"
"mmmmm i love my home made nachos, so fucking good"
"feels like a fat ass  giant plate of nachos, and a bacon grilled cheese   but sooooo good!"
finally happy with what i've got  so happy to finally find someone worth the the time to date love 
<propfirst> left his facebook logged in  smile  its his sister smile  hes a loser  dont talk to him  playful 
mmmmm fuze  smile 
"bored as fuck, need entertainment http annoyed  chatter com a 9o2j9?ref=nf"
"playin one of the solos of master of puppets on guitar, yeah  its bad ass"
"thank god! my uncle will be on a bus tomorrow from ny to va tomorrow sometime around noon  i'll finally have a rel job, thank god "
for anyone that needs it:757-409-3352
love how a pair of my socks ended up in the ash tray  who the fuck does that?
"i grow so tired of people, at times   i wish i lived under a rock "
"read too much into what i thought i could have  figures i was wrong again  love all the disappointment  least i'll be working soon, i won't have to think about it as often  back to how i'm used to living life  have a good one "
wanting to go find a random nigger and beating his ass just because i can 
bored as a son of a bitch  someone entertain me  now!
"someone leave me shit  bored as hell, got nothin to do http annoyed  chatter com a a6awf?ref=nf"
cleaning my kitchen  what joyess fun this will be!  laugh    that's a joke 
"not stayin home tonight, ttalk to everyone tomorrow  hit up the cellular if needed "
"in a pretty good mood tonight  no one is bugging me for once, it's nice  laugh "
"bored, someone ask some questions http annoyed  chatter com a a7etb?ref=nf"
it is fun being a <propmale> to those so insignificant 
"goin' out  leave me shit while i'm out  if need be, text me people  seven5seven-four0n    http annoyed  chatter com a ao9g6?ref=nf"
"watching my name is <propmale>, it's so stupid  but it's kind of funny  lol http annoyed  chatter com a aqttt?ref=nf"
"tired of hearin bout the oil shit and them flash floods  it's old news, leave it be http annoyed  chatter com a arrk8?ref=nf"
might hit the beach up today  get a tan  a bit too pale for my taste  lol http annoyed  chatter com a asdg3?ref=nf
"mother and uncle at the bar having a beer  just waitin' for the beach, singing my ass     http annoyed  chatter com a asevd?ref=nf"
"\i'll be your crying shoulder\"" - goo goo dolls http annoyed  chatter com a asghs?ref=nf"""
"<propfirst> & kumar 2 sound track \my dick\""  lmao http annoyed  chatter com a asheb?ref=nf"""
bored  i want some pot  have to watch this damn 7 yr old though  damn siblings http annoyed  chatter com a asmd3?ref=nf
i need to gtfo of this damn house  my day is dying slowly blah  http annoyed  chatter com a astaw?ref=nf
endless sacrifice-dream theater  love this song  http annoyed  chatter com a aszzb?ref=nf
working on this piece of writing to make that beautiful smile come out for me http annoyed  chatter com a awr61?ref=nf
just finished that masterpiece of a poem for her  lol http annoyed  chatter com a awv2a?ref=nf
everyone has like gone to sleep  it's too fucking early!!lol bored as shit  as me some    http annoyed  chatter com a axrai?ref=nf
eating a fucking twix! i love these things  lol http annoyed  chatter com a ay80x?ref=nf
i love you baby smile  http annoyed  chatter com a azjr6?ref=nf
"baby's at the movies, and i'm missing her  sad  http annoyed  chatter com a b0xud?ref=nf"
bored  waiting  goin' to look up some guitar tabs  any songs in mind? http annoyed  chatter com a b1hs6?ref=nf
"talking to my most amazingly, perfect girlfriend i could ever ask for  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a b2jm6?ref=nf"
"time for bed, and time to dream of the perfect situation with baby rhy love  i love you ba    http annoyed  chatter com a b2o2l?ref=nf"
"i swear, i hate living right next to the largest naval base in the us  so many fucking    http annoyed  chatter com a b3ulm?ref=nf"
hurry your perfect little ass up lol love  http annoyed  chatter com a b4vmx?ref=nf
sad and a bit depressed  oh well  goodnight http annoyed  chatter com a b6nui?ref=nf
if i could  i'd burn this house down with everyone in it  http annoyed  chatter com a b75ho?ref=nf
never is a good idea to read shit you weren't really meant to read  goodnight  http annoyed  chatter com a b9knk?ref=nf
"can't sleep  maybe i should smoke a bowl, or take a few hits from my gravity <propfemale>  idk whatever helps me sleep "
can't sleep  someone entertain me  http annoyed  chatter com a b9qmn?ref=nf
sitting in this empty night without her  i just realized something  an epiphany if you    http annoyed  chatter com a b9vow?ref=nf
gettin' my tired ass toooo bed!
"headed up to the beach here soon, should be a bit slower today being sunday and all "
"headed out to the beach!hopefully get myself some sort of tan, too pale for the summer    http annoyed  chatter com a bb510?ref=nf"
feeling ignored http annoyed  chatter com a bd01y?ref=nf
feeling avoided http annoyed  chatter com a bd03f?ref=nf
no reason to stay awake  goodnight  http annoyed  chatter com a bdc4a?ref=nf
going out  don't count on me being home today not until late  http annoyed  chatter com a bec9m?ref=nf
"leaving for the day  if i'm needed the people that need it, have my number  goodbye "
"so tired of this bullshit  but whatever, right? fucking frustrated someone make it bet    http annoyed  chatter com a bgvxy?ref=nf"
"yawn, i want to smoke some weeeeeed  maybe that will take my mind off things and cheer my pathetic ass up "
pimpin' the computer out again  boredom really gets to me lol
just fuckin' around  ask questions? http annoyed  chatter com a bhgm3?ref=nf
honestly don't know what i should think about these past few days   http annoyed  chatter com a bhmym?ref=nf
someone talk to me? http annoyed  chatter com a bl8u1?ref=nf
hooray for more weed lol
someone entertain me!!
been a while where i've actually been able to sleep thru the night  http annoyed  chatter com a blmcl?ref=nf
finally deciding to try and lat down and get some sort of rest   at 8am lol whether if    http annoyed  chatter com a blrc3?ref=nf
"nothing to do, would appreciate someone to talk to http annoyed  chatter com a boht7?ref=nf"
entertain me? (; http annoyed  chatter com a bowm6?ref=nf
fuckin ignorant fat ass bitches at 7-11  givin me 9 single dollar bills instead of a f    http annoyed  chatter com a bsf6n?ref=nf
so bored! tell me wtf is goin on people! entertain me laugh  http annoyed  chatter com a bskik?ref=nf
gonna go pick up some <propmale> and have myself a good ol' night! http annoyed  chatter com a bsrfw?ref=nf
"fuckin bastards! no weed tonight  damn, just gonna have to wait till tomorrow someone     http annoyed  chatter com a bstk1?ref=nf"
if you would have sex with me click the like button if your brave enough put this as u    http annoyed  chatter com a btg7f?ref=nf
time to get some sleep  or at least try lol http annoyed  chatter com a btjzs?ref=nf
bored as hell at home http annoyed  chatter com a bwbdz?ref=nf
any one have a stick am account? i'm bored as fuck  http annoyed  chatter com a bwieh?ref=nf
some worthless people on here  oh well  just a buncha nobodies really  lol http annoyed  chatter com a bwpqj?ref=nf
bored as fuck on stick am  someone fucking entertain me for once  http annoyed  chatter com a bx4ig?ref=nf
goodnight worthless myyearbook people  http annoyed  chatter com a bxabc?ref=nf
fuck the internet and the people on it  minus the select few of you  for the rest of you? choke on my <propmale> (;
turns out   i can't sleep at all  damn this insomnia  it's kickin' my fuckin' ass  http annoyed  chatter com a bxf4e?ref=nf
"lmfao! some chick in the nude decides to go in my live and gets annoyed that i \acted like i wasn't into her\"" hahaha"""
sleeping never worked out  message me and ask questions? http annoyed  chatter com a bxjbz?ref=nf
bored as fuck  entertain http annoyed  chatter com a c01ti?ref=nf
slept for 13 hours today  good fucking sleep for once! good for conserving my only pac    http annoyed  chatter com a c24p3?ref=nf
someone talk to me  ask questions and or send messages http annoyed  chatter com a c3w96?ref=nf
yawn   people bore me  yeah that's right  you are boring 
no one cares about anything these days  every one is so self centered  you people make    http annoyed  chatter com a c48vn?ref=nf
bad mood  bet you can't change that  i'll give you 50$ if you can   (not really though ) http annoyed  chatter com a c4aob?ref=nf
tired of always being left a lone to rot  fuck you people 
"it is sad when some of your oldest friends won't even reply to you anymore  man i'm fuckin tired of this shit  fuck you guys  i'm literally done dealing with it  none of you that don't matter to me, won't fuckin' hear from me this day on  fuck you "
rate me? http annoyed  chatter com a c4fmy?ref=nf
gotta hustle some money  lata http annoyed  chatter com a c679d?ref=nf
tryin to find some weeeed! http annoyed  chatter com a c7bmj?ref=nf
no weed for tonight  sad  *tear tear* http annoyed  chatter com a c7nl5?ref=nf
no one interesting to talk to  i need some fuckin entertainment  someone leave me shit  http annoyed  chatter com a c818n?ref=nf
wishing i had a beautiful girl to talk to right about now http annoyed  chatter com a c8cm8?ref=nf
feelin' a bit empty inside  oh well  http annoyed  chatter com a c8lzz?ref=nf
never slept  feelin a lot better this time around  shelbie! thanks for cheerin me up (    http annoyed  chatter com a c8 laugh n?ref=nf
woo time for a power nap  then hustle some money for my weeed   laugh  http annoyed  chatter com a c97y6?ref=nf
"tiredddd, sleeeep goodnight day   whatever http annoyed  chatter com a c996c?ref=nf"
goin to work  time to take down some motha fuckin trees lmao
have a new man and i am finally happy!!!! http annoyed  chatter com a ddx5g?ref=nf
sore as hell from work yesterday  waiting for laundry then time to start my day  anyone got any hotties i can get at?
sore from work someone entertain me? http annoyed  chatter com a dj8gt?ref=nf
"todays plans;clean, shower, get some <propmale>, chill out, smoke a lot of weed, chill more,     http annoyed  chatter com a dl9dy?ref=nf"
"tryin to find some sort of beauty to talk to  smile  anyone interested? leave me shit, ask     http annoyed  chatter com a dlb5c?ref=nf"
needs to finish cleaning  someone leave me shit  make it interesting for when ever i g    http annoyed  chatter com a dliof?ref=nf
gotta get a bunch of stuff done around the house lucky me!!! http annoyed  chatter com a dp3m6?ref=nf
"it's high times, all the time (;"
"i need help!anyone that lives in <propfemale> beach, va  needs to help me find a quarter o    http annoyed  chatter com a dueb5?ref=nf"
fucking need some weed  have to wait 'till fucking 2 o'clock at night to get a quarter  fucking ridiculous  some one keep me company 'till then?
waiting for 2 oclock to come around to smoke up http annoyed  chatter com a dv9s9?ref=nf
"big ass album of me,my older brother, and <propfirst> smokin up lol  high times nigguh!!"
yo who's lookin to smash? http annoyed  chatter com a dvlri?ref=nf
someone talk to me?? http annoyed  chatter com a dvson?ref=nf
going shopping with my boy! http annoyed  chatter com a dwdgn?ref=nf
smoked over a quarter of pot all day yesterday  it was nice  smile 
"smoked over a quarter of pot yesterday, twas a nice day smile  http annoyed  chatter com a e03h3?ref=nf"
yet again to smoke a quarter again lol  gonna move out eventually  hell yeah! lol http annoyed  chatter com a e2gpe?ref=nf
going to go to a friends house and take some fat ass <propfemale> rips  cause that's how we do    http annoyed  chatter com a e3xe5?ref=nf
my brother is slow at getting me weed when i need it   lol http annoyed  chatter com a e5ckt?ref=nf
"nice and early  the suns out, and the bongs rippin  stoned off my ass, and here comes     http annoyed  chatter com a e6o7s?ref=nf"
"nice and early  the suns out, and the bongs rippin  stoned off my ass, and here comes the camera  high times nigguh (;"
"jammin' to music, waiting on my laundry  <propfemale> rips started off my day, so where does m    http annoyed  chatter com a e6sza?ref=nf"
just finished cleaning the kitchen      again  http annoyed  chatter com a ea7p6?ref=nf
"sore as hell, not really caring though  tryin' to forget some shit  goin' to get my sh    http annoyed  chatter com a ffcqc?ref=nf"
bored as fuck! someone should talk to me and attempt to entertain me  smile  http annoyed  chatter com a fisqz?ref=nf
"people fuckin pissin' me off  i swear to fucking god, i'm going to end up killing and     http annoyed  chatter com a fju31?ref=nf"
going to shower then <propfemale> with kristen smile  hit up the cellular faggots 757-----409-----3352 http annoyed  chatter com a fk0ah?ref=nf
bored as hell  feelin' a bit lonely  change that? http annoyed  chatter com a fm7o2?ref=nf
hella bored chillin at the house http annoyed  chatter com a fp8vz?ref=nf
"tried not staying up all night, this is sort of all night  gotta get some sleep, promi    http annoyed  chatter com a fprht?ref=nf"
"in a bad mood  going to attempt to get money today  tired of fuckin' bullshit, someone    http annoyed  chatter com a fqnie?ref=nf"
"time to download music before i flip a bitch and go tear someone a new one  get bank,     http annoyed  chatter com a fqt28?ref=nf"
"off the comp for the night, later everyone http annoyed  chatter com a fvdug?ref=nf"
"chillin', downloading music yet again  someone give me some ideas of some new music  i    http annoyed  chatter com a fwpp1?ref=nf"
"bored as fuck, charging my phone working out in the meantime  leave me shit? http annoyed  chatter com a fz9z0?ref=nf"
space bound- eminem  reminds me a lil too much about myself  lol
so tired of cleaning after my family  need to get some sort of fucking job and move th    http annoyed  chatter com a g6c6j?ref=nf
fucking computer is going to piss me the fuck off be lucky if i don't throw this piece    http annoyed  chatter com a g81i5?ref=nf
fuck this stupid ass website  fuck this shitty computer  not having a fucking good day    http annoyed  chatter com a g823l?ref=nf
got to spend a little time with mt baby girl!  smile   my favorite! catie! http annoyed  chatter com a hvqvy?ref=nf
got a lot of stuff to get done today hoping to go to the beach tonight   smile  http annoyed  chatter com a hzv0f?ref=nf
"just got off work  sore as a son of bitch  but wasn't bad pay today, so is all worth it "
"hot ass weather, gonna get high like i do every damn day  lol, enjoyin muh life! hit m    http annoyed  chatter com a icei5?ref=nf"
another busy day ahead of me  http annoyed  chatter com a iqm7q?ref=nf
"i'm going to wake and bake right now  tired and bored, so what else is there to do? if    http annoyed  chatter com a iqzo5?ref=nf"
"lol i love it when people ignore me and get offline right after sending them an im, because it's not obvious at all  ignorant fuckin americans"
"getting off for a lil bit, goin' to try find some sort of entertainment  so leave me s    http annoyed  chatter com a iwz1n?ref=nf"
"off to go waste the day with my continuous drug abuse  lol smoke cigarettes and pot, l    http annoyed  chatter com a j1sx3?ref=nf"
"have work in the morning  hopin to get this other damn job, cuttin trees is gettin irr    http annoyed  chatter com a kha3s?ref=nf"
birthday is coming up(september 27th)! so who would like to come chill on my d o b ? t    http annoyed  chatter com a l5p5g?ref=nf
"2 days left until i'm 19, not really excited bout it  but i want people over! let's all get blown  smile "
"didn't smoke as much pot as i wanted for my b-day today, but at least i got myself a h    http annoyed  chatter com a m371i?ref=nf"
it's my birthday and i have no one to talk to  someone text me or somethin? 757_four0n    http annoyed  chatter com a m3aji?ref=nf
"i'm givin up on you humanity  there's no need to be civil anymore  every last single person out there, worthless to me "
i'm givin up on you humanity  there's no need to be civil anymore  every last single p    http annoyed  chatter com a mdv19?ref=nf
"don't understand people sometimes \bored and have work early tomorrow, \goin' to slee    http annoyed  yearbook com a n9mmv?ref=nf"
watchin the breakfast club!forgot how weak this shit is http annoyed  yearbook com a nly2g?ref=nf
"got a fuckin' perfectly good acoustic fender for 20$  only missing the d string, but     http annoyed  yearbook com a nrsjj?ref=nf"
idk why i bother to look on certain profiles on this  when all it does is piss me off when i read how they talk to other people  fuuuuck people  well preson  they can determine who that is themselves 
"bored out of my minddd, need a woman that can be around for once  am alone! someone t    http annoyed  yearbook com a qi0ix?ref=nf"
i'm tired of how people act these days  so damn ignorant  damn near worthless  wish  could find people that i felt were actually worth getting the time to know  but there isn't anyone  i'm disappointed in you mankind 
i love cats
"fuck me, i need something to do for the night  might draw for a bit  someone talk tho    http annoyed  yearbook com a quh53?ref=nf"
"life's tough, wear a fuckin' helmet!"
"i hate when people pretend to have any interest in who you are, just to fuck you over  don't you? fuck 'em  no one is going to decide to get close to me anymore  i'll decide who gets to be apart of my life, and who gets the fucking boot (  which is majority of you worthless fucks (;   )"
i feel like the joy that i finally got n my life is startin to cease to exist again a    http annoyed  yearbook com a qvcsh?ref=nf
"bored as fuck, so probably going to go smoke up  got to have that chronic  lol, hit m    http annoyed  yearbook com a r9wbm?ref=nf"
just got back in a lil' bit ago relaxin' bout to try and find a movie to watch  any i    http annoyed  yearbook com a rcdg3?ref=nf
"going to watch the covenant, cause i can't find anything else haha  http annoyed  yearbook com a rcgd8?ref=nf"
"watching my nephews, not what i want to be doing right now lol http annoyed  yearbook com a rtxuq?ref=nf"
someone come talk to <propfemale>? http annoyed  yearbook com a ru1fk?ref=nf
anyone want to ask questions or just talk? http annoyed  yearbook com a ruim1?ref=nf
bored watching two in a half men  http annoyed  yearbook com a rylor?ref=nf
"bored, watching lie to me  talk to me http annoyed  yearbook com a s5kia?ref=nf"
i just realized this laptop i'm using has a touch screen   pretty nifty  lol http annoyed  yearbook com a t4f18?ref=nf
"bored as fuck, someone talk to meee? http annoyed  yearbook com a t6xf3?ref=nf"
using this bomb ass touch screen laptop lol  bored as fuck
watching zombieland!love this movie http annoyed  yearbook com a t7856?ref=nf
"wish i knew how to get myself to just say how i feel  wish it was easy as it sounds, but it never is  who knows, maybe one day it'll all fall in its place  just hope it will be in the right spot  "
"boondock saints 2! cant sleep, talk to me, ask me questions http annoyed  yearbook com a t7hru?ref=nf"
sitting at home watching television  i need some food  lol http annoyed  yearbook com a ta0kl?ref=nf
no one is entertaining me  how borrrring!!
i'm fucking bored!!! you people suck at this 
watching psych and eating an apple laugh  lol http annoyed  yearbook com a tam3q?ref=nf
someone should talk to me smile  http annoyed  yearbook com a tap30?ref=nf
"i think there might be something wrong with me  recently in my life i have actually been on a regular sleeping schedule  but lately i've been having a hard time sleeping again, i mean bout to be 3 am and still wide awake  help me "
"work in the am, and chillin' with miss <propfirst> when i get home  gonna get blazzzed(;"
is gay
such a fucking long day night! got turned around walking home because i was spacing out  took over a fucking hour and now my back is killing me annoyed  looking forward to tomorrow though  smile 
just finished watching sex pot haha  stupid fucking movie  gotta love netflix!
yo who ever wants to smoke in the lynnhaven area should call me! 7574093352
i need a new fucking family  mine is so fucking useless!
i may be joining the national guard soon 
my last weekend smoking  so get at me
who wants to roll my blunt
"so bored  nothing to do, no where to go "
have never felt so in love with anyone  i can't believe i finally found this feeling  i love you so much baby smile 
the family is finally moved out for good! time for a party after this shit get's clean! haha
