c99a6cbf9ff78d5d8d33a79c1fee2485
tmnt is the shit 
i need a smoke 
can't wait to pop these rockets!
my little girl is finally home! i love her so much already  she is so sweet an quiet 
i haven't been on here in months! what's goin on guys? where's the party at?
i would give almost anything to spend one more day in high school 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow 
"doesn't understand, and is tired of trying to "
hopefully tonight goes alright 
is lookin for some new faces to <propfemale> out with  anyone wanna chill sometime?
i'm not sure why some people think the way they do  how are you okay with the things you've done?
i'm still not getting it  i just wish you could tell me why 
"if i'm not here when you get back, blame yourself "
"hasn't anyone ever told you to be careful what you wish for? next time be more specific, this blizzard is miserable "
"too all members, if you believe in helping people lets do this: please note that this status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send a $1 to the rescue fund for the haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and pasted as a status  you only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour  lets all do our bit to help "
i feel like shooting something  anyone down for the gun range?
rollercoasters make me nauseous  i'm not sure how much longer these restraints will make me feel safe  they're starting to itch 
"if you can't think of anything to say in a conversation, try asking the other person something  maybe something interesting happened and they're just waiting to be asked  just a suggestion, in case you're tired of the silence "
"wake up and face me  don't play dead, cause maybe someday i will walk away and say \you fuckin' disappoint me  maybe you're better off this way \"""""
"i've done alot of thinkin and alot of soul searchin, and i've come to realize that sometimes you have to get down to the lowest place in your emotions, and spend some time there, to realize that those dreams you want so bad aren't really that unreachable  i'm gonna have fun with life, and quit letting so many little things get in the way "
i am the doog  the big bad doog 
i lost $100  how does a person do this? does this happen to anyone else besides me? if you happen to come across an abandoned $100 <propmale>      
love laced with paranoia 
*sigh* another one bites the dust  i'll never forget you  and i'll always miss you 
"have a wonderful monday everyone  i'm off to meet my new manager  hope it goes well, cause i've gotta deal with him for the next 8 and a half hours "
"does anyone have any free money they're gettin rid of? i'm trying to finish off my collection, but i need a few more hundreds and a couple of fives to get it "
the <propfemale> is my enemy today 
"late for my date this morning, but the judge waited for me and gave me no shit  how many people can say that? sometimes i feel like people understand i've seen harder times than most 21-year-olds  but today that's over  finally! thank you everyone who helped pull me out of the deepest part of hell, and never gave up on teaching me how to smile again  i love you all  get ready to see a happier me  smile "
"i'm not sure what to do with myself anymore  i keep disappointing myself, and i can't seem to freakin stop "
i can't even describe it 
ready for another amazing day!
i officially quit making promises today  i'm tired of letting people down 
"well friends, i'm probably not goin to colorado for the fourth  hit me up if you got anything goin down "
"sometimes i feel like everything is just how it should be, nothing can go wrong, and if it does, then i just accept it and move on  yet other times, it feels like i'm stuck in a loop, like i'm finding different ways to make the same mistake, and it feels like i'm getting nowhere  i've got to get out of this somehow "
"i'm not sure what to do anymore  with anything  so many things in my life i wish i could change  i can, but things would be so different people wouldn't know what to think of me anymore  question is, is it worth it?"
i'm beginning to lose the little faith i had left that there is some good in this world  even complete strangers are breaking my heart now  seems like everything's a trap  a test  one that i can't seem to pass  it's very discouraging 
change of plans once again       i'll be in colorado next week!!!
setting a new course for my life in the morning  lots of changes are about to happen  and with that comes stress  i hope i can handle this 
yep  it's still beautiful here  smile 
"yep, it's still beautiful here  smile "
your actions and my emotions have filled more pages than i intended  and it sounds more ridiculous with each verse i finish 
"attention people  your attention please! i am sleepwalking and i will not stop until i find my swimming goggles  hey you, i smell a partridge! flee, alien keeper of lumpy delight! the winter is mine "
i haven't even left and i already miss this place so bad i wanna cry       saying goodbye to this place and all my family here is the worst feeling in the world  i'll be on my way home when <propfemale> comes around 
homeward bound      
i made it  hit me up if you got my number 
"i can't stand it when girls come up with stories thinking it makes them sound more attractive  i'd rather know the real you, cause i know she's more interesting  and i really hate it when someone talks shit when i've been nothing but nice to them and the people they care about  if you got somethin to say, get over here and say it to my face, army boy, or fuck off because i'm done with bullshit "
"just when you think everything's alright, don't let your gaurd down, because reality has a way of making its rounds and keepin your dreams and perceptions in check  i get lost in this dream world too much  this soft heart has got me hurt too many times  i'm ready to trade it in "
"yesterday i made a big deal over nothing  i'm sorry, <propfemale>  you didn't deserve that  let me know how i can make it up to you "
"come on, world, make some sense today, please "
"something's gotta give  something has to change  i'm trying to be patient, but persistant  if things don't work out soon i'm gonna have to change plans "
"number one, i hate it when people can't let go of a relationship, and will do anything to keep the drama of it going  but, i do love to watch people get their ass beat! if people would mind thier own business, they might not have half a bruised and bloody face "
i love nights like these  smile 
does anyone know where to find the reset button on my life? i'm having a hard time finding it 
i'm not saying anything else on hear until i have something good to say 
guess what       something good to say! i love my life  smile  that's all  and it's thanks to all my friends and family 
you can't stop the waves       but you can learn to surf 
i give up  thank you gabby for not doing things like this to me  you're the best friend anyone could have  i freakin love you 
the knives that people keep sinking into my back seem to only get sharper and longer  you think you can trust someone who says they'll always be there for you       i just need to not let this bother me and move on  another one bites the dust 
spaghetti ! ! ! i love my mom  smile 
does anyone actually pay attention to this?
silence is deafening 
"the more i try, the more disappointed i become  i'm done trying  time to just let things happen "
five finger death punch and lamb of god is the shit! who else is goin to mayhem fest this weekend?
wishful thinking 
going insane! i need gasoline!
"goin to kick it with <propmale>, see what kind of trouble i can get into today "
"ever get so deep in a rut and then you come across a new band you never payed attention to and it helped you out of that dark, depressing place? thank you 5fdp  i owe you my life "
"woke up today at 1 in the afternoon, and my very first thought was how amazing life seems right now  first time that's ever happened to me  i'm usually kickin myself for sleepin all day, but last night was totally worth it  smile  hit me up if anyone wants to do anything "
"fml  probably blew everything tonight  i hate when everything is out of my hands and there is nothing i can do about it  i am a control freak  fml two times  bipolar too, apparently, cause this morning i was on top of the world  three strikes  but i'm not quittin this       not yet  i just need to step back and let things breathe for awhile "
anyone single?
"okay, question revised  any single females?"
i need to figure out a way to motivate myself  i'm losin it 
finally got enrolled at osuokc today  now i've got to figure out how to pay for this pretty quick  anyone needs their lawn mowed or anything let me know  or if you know anywhere that's hiring 
wow       thank you guys  smile  lookin at my wall just made this day 200x better  you have no idea 
they always disappear when they get a boyfriend  and my heart always gets ripped out when i realize things will never be the same  i need to quit getting attached to girls so easily  it just gets worse each time 
something exciting needs to happen soon 
today was a great day  smile  hope it stays this way 
i could get used to this  smile  still lookin for a job though 
"come on, please be a good day  haven't got off to a great start, but hopefully it'll change "
"well, it got better for a little while at least  had a fun time with <propfemale> and <propfirst>, and got to see <propfirst> for a bit  probably seein her tomorrow night too  now i'm back home to the stress  gotta get things done sometime i guess  still not diggin this growing up thing  not sure i'll ever get used to it "
i need a hobby  anyone have anything in mind i might like?
come on 3 o' clock 
"it's so hard to be patient, but the wait is going to be so worth it "
i want so much more than this  and i'm not talking about money or possessions 
wow my life is depressing  i wish i could take more hours at school so i couldn't focus on anything else 
lookin forward to the weekend 
i'm going back to sleep  i'm not getting out of bed til this day gets better or it's time for school  i'm really not looking forward to this day 
"i shouldn't say things to people when i'm half asleep  nothing good comes out of it  in fact, it's quite the opposite  can't wait to see what comes of this bs "
i think it's time to once again re-structure my social life 
"got to see <propfemale> today! smile  ready for the family reunion this weekend  gabby, you better get ahold of me tomorrow  i want to see you before i go "
i just realized that the reading rainbow dude is the guy in the funny glasses on <propfemale> trek  how does anyone watch this?
"i'm pretty sure this is the greatest morning i've had in weeks  maybe months  everything is lookin up  i'm really looking forward to this weekend, too "
"great day today  got some bad news, but had alot of fun today  smile  hopefully tomorrow is ten times better "
      *sigh*      
blah  ready for a job  i need some money 
hope tonight's a good one 
today's gonna suck 
"looking forward to today  not sure why i am, but i sure hope it turns out alright "
i love chicken fried steak  smile 
"wow  amazing day  smile  easy time at school, got my truck fixed up, and i'm getting a call tomorrow tellin me when i'm gonna start drivin for pizza hut! i love feeling productive "
just got done hangin out with gabriolla  smile  i love that girl 
spaghetti and fried okra?! this is the best day i've had in a long time 
oh man  too much good food  i'm stuffed  now i need something to do 
life sometimes pisses me off  it's never a good trip for me  everytime i reach for love it's taken away      
"seems i've been on your mind, too  i'm anxious to see how things turn out this time "
<propfemale>      
sitting in my room with my laptop 
wonderful day today  weather is amazing 
"found out today there have been sightings of pterodactyls  new zealand mostly, but some around the states  are people nuts? i'm not going to doubt it completely, because we have found creatures thought to be extinct (coelacanth, giant squid, etc ), but i'm sure a body of a giant featherless bird would have been found or captured by now  wonder what else people think they've seen that i've never heard of      "
what's your favorite movie(s) that you think people should watch?
"lazy day today  music videos and facebook  beautiful day outside, though "
what's your favorite music video?
"i'm the greediest person i know  i've been offered so much yet i'm always wanting more  now looking back i could have had some pretty great things and been in some really great situations, but i threw them away  i've decided not to dwell on it, but to learn from it  it's time to slow down and appreciate what i have left in my life  smile "
used and left behind  it's time to turn this life around 
looking forward to tomorrow  smile 
chocolate milk  smile 
i'm on it 
where do you go when you want to have a good time?
i'm not in grand junction 
things are going great right now  finally  it feels good to get rid of some stress 
i chose this path 
"there's not enough to do at 130 in the morning  sleep would be nice, but impossible  i need something to slow my mind down or i'm gonna go insane "
"sometimes the truth hurts, but at least i know  maybe now things will be different  it's about damn time "
legalize it
wake me up before you go go 
life is good  smile 
"i went disc golfing for the first time in months today  the lack of practice showed, too  gotta get out there more often "
1324354657687980910
that's not treasure! it's soap-on-a-rope!
what else you got to throw at me life? might as well do it while i'm down  hit me as hard as you possibly can 
<propfirst> a romero's night of the living dead  tonight's a good night 
i love my new car  smile 
best day i've had in awhile  i got to see gabby  smile 
"it sure is great to have friends that have your back when you aren't around to defend yourself, and tell you how things have really been going while you aren't around "
i walk the line 
i am sofa <propmale> we <propmale> did 
"please put this on your status if you know someone, or are related to someone, who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable, and can breathe fire and belch lava  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they've already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting   in the shower armed with fire extinguishers, while the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this "
i like turtles 
powdered donuts make me go nuts!
don't forget to tip your delivery boy!
eat my shorts 
"you were there for me when i needed someone the most  you helped me through the worst of times  you helped me out of my darkest place and showed me how to enjoy life again  you were the best friend i've ever had, and i wish you the best in life  don't ever forget who your real friends are, and keep in touch  i'm gonna miss you my friend  i love you forever and always gabby "
lovin life  smile 
changes      
"send a message saying something you have always wanted to tell me and i'll keep it between us, then repost this!!! good luck"
my habit of procrastinating is finally backfiring on me enough  gotta cut that out 
<propfirst> makes the best lemonade  wink 
i'm lost on the point of this <propfirst> game 
quitting is so hard 
it sure is nice to feel happy again  smile 
spoke too soon  life blows again already  had a productive day planned out and now it's all gone to shit  should've e playful ected it  happiness never lasts long in my world  stress and frustration creeps out of the most une playful ected places 
off to work  don't forget to tip the delivery boy!
so ready for tomorrow  smile 
"a wolf in sheep's clothing  i just described myself in 5 words or less  let that be a warning to all of you who think i'm a safe bet  to my best friend, i can't apologize enough "
i already love today  smile 
"you can never run far enough,"
one day i wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice
when the world slips you a <propfirst>      
i love being me sometimes 
"oh listen to the banjo wind\a sad song drifting low\listen to the tears roll\down my face as she turns to go"
work work work  blah blah blah 
beautiful day to change my oil 
legendary  smile  what a night 
swear i'm gonna find you       one of these nights 
ready for a night off 
be careful what you wish for 
watching the road  looks great so far 
if you're into post-apocalyptic films (which i am!) then i highly recommend the road  amazing movie 
fast times at ridgemont high  smile 
shut up when i'm talkin to you 
"it's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus  all year long the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched t v  then the winter came and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns  and also he got a race car "
"does anyone know the specifics on the laws here about herbal smoke blends? i realized they made a bunch of them illegal that were sprayed with jwh-018, but were those the only ones? are there still some i can order legally?"
i keep waking up earlier and earlier  i want some sleep damn it  but since i'm gonna be up i've decided to watch shrink  might make me some waffles 
tonight was awesome  smile 
oklahoma needs 24 hour liquor stores  stupid laws 
i'm switching to lights 
"a year ago i hated being single and was looking for just about anyone to change that  now i look around and find myself thankful that i don't have to put up with relationship issues right now  you can't always get what you want, but sometimes you get what you need  smile  love the stones "
whimmy wam wam wazzle!
anyone else as bored as i am?
i like big butts and i cannot lie      
"you can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf "
i won't get caught up in this feeling again  i'm pushing past it and staying optimistic about life 
smile more often 
go-gurt  delicious 
today is gonna be a great day  spread the word 
i need a change of scenery 
life is full of surprises  it blows my mind sometimes 
what do you think slipknot will do? it's been buggin me 
      cause i watched them fall away 
nights i'll never forget  smile 
"it's always gonna be sour grapes with you, boy,"
i must have done something very right to deserve this  smile 
life is great  smile 
and it just keeps getting better  i can't wait to see how things are gonna be in a month  very optimistic  smile 
i had forgotten what this feels like  smile 
i'm amazed at how i find things just when i stop looking 
i gotta quit staying up so late  i just can't help it though  smile 
what to do 
"i love it when people say they agree that some things should be refrained from being said on facebook, then they turn around and say it on facebook  blows my mind "
can't we all just get along? why do people have to be so hateful?
i love poking <propfemale>  sometimes we do it multiple times a day  i've lost count today  wink 
thinking about a change  a big one 
who doesn't like zombies?
"i can't say i like being on the other side of things, either  why do i have to be so complicated?"
going to get a haircut  finally 
i love lazer tag 
cardio is where it's at  i gotta get in shape 
i love suprises  life is great 
i really don't give myself as much credit as i should 
you wouldn't even recognize me anymore 
i love you gabriolla  smile 
really appreciating life right now  it's funny how everything works out in the end 
everything is temporary 
trying to get motivated to change my oil 
finally got it done!
had a great night last night  definitely feelin it today though 
rule #32 : enjoy the little things 
watching gun x sword  not sure if i like it yet 
i guess a person can only fool themselves for so long  fml 
