cc07f42781e88ea4da026b4c31bce3f4
"has to really go off and studdy for math regents!!!  crying  even though she's goiing to fail,anyhows "
thank god the math regents is finally over!!! shouldd really be studdying for chem 
@ da cousin's  laugh 
going to go to grannies  wink 
"up,up and away!!!  love "
wants to see transformers 2 badly     sad 
thankss everyonne for all the birthday wishes!!! ily you all  love  xoxxoxo
passed her driving test!!!  smile 
happy fourth of july!!!  bbq later w  the loves  love   smile 
everyyone don't miss me too muchee  love  leaving for cali   coming backk in a few weeks lah  don't have too muche fun w out me i'll miss you all   ily  love 
"magic mountain,tmrw!!!  love "
survived magic mountain  laugh 
can't wait for hollywood tmrw!!!  love 
2 moree dayys  love 
can't wait until tmrw   home sweet homee  love 
"had the best dayy at the beach,yesterday  love "
"going to fail tmrw  annoyed ("""
"excited for the beach,later   smile "
baked some muffins  love 
dinner w  the loves  love 
making dinner  smile 
"can't wait to see her babes,tmrw!!!  laugh  ily them  love "
at her biffles house right now  ily  love 
"thinks people are \exaggerating\""     playful """
"dosen't wanna go to orientation,tmrw   sad "
made a sucessful dinner for her family  smile 
studdying   tuesday's with morrie   sad 
swamped week ahead of her   aysh 
does anyone know calan's heading?
walk-a-thon kick-off tmrw  mad tired!!!
feels like shit   sad 
::heartattack::
dosen't wanna take the math test tmrw   im going to fail!!!
busy day tmrw  smile  happy halloween!!!
sytycd  love 
dosen't want her report card    sad 
thanks god for a short week    smile 
"whole day in the kitchen tmrw  wohoo!!! fml ~gooble,gooble~"
getting a new phone  smile  finally!!!
loves her new phone!!!  going shopping  smile 
should really stop procrastinating right about now   but i problyy won't   spanish is stupid
grrr   stupid callan's essay  sad 
looking at rice cookers online  don't ask   playful 
uh  hahaha  ?
going to the hospital
chillen in manhattan  smile  so cold out   ewww
happy mothers day!!!  love 
words can't describe how good these waffles are  love 
@ bloomingdales
fml   sick  sad 
cousins piano recital  sad 
last dayy  yyay!!
exhausted had a blast with my friends today love you guys  love  were defiently doing this again  laugh 
lakers won!!!
spanish regent time  last regent ever!!!
yay!! finally finished taking senior pictures  the photographer was waco 
"sisters graduation   congratulations stuyvestant class of 2010' \you made it!!!!"
"airport soon  two weeks of freakin\ relaxing time  love """
"seoul, korea  loving it!!!  love "
"gunna be my birthday in a few hours  i didn't even know sadly until i went on fb  \happy birthday to me!!!  love  love and miss all my friends  gunna go to shanghai, soon \always on a plane for my birthday  oh gee so much fun   not"
does anyone from ap english know what pgs to read for the awakening  ?
anyone from ap english understands what to do for the awakening  ?
"bbq @ <propfemale>'s can't wait to chill with everyone\waiting for peter  ugh "
bianca:these girls are so ugly they look like they got smack with the ugly stick  rofl 
is the senior pic for the yearbook the one with the white rose  or can you pick anyone you want?
going to boston 
can't believe i'm a senior!!!
"i'm dating  sorry guys  anyhow's,he completes me  i love you  love "
rawr  i'm a senior tmrw  i'm old d\ annoyed ,cc07f42781e88ea4da026b4c31bce3f4,bored out of my mind with the besties  love 
<propfirst> choi concert!  love 
<propfirst> choi concert was awesome!
"when i go to sleep at night  i go to sleep with a smile   smile  \sometimes, someone can have a big impact on your  love "
"\oh i saw you eating their frrench fries andd i know you cann eat!\"""""
