73cd660181551e9303c6b6ff1e1a8fa9
it is 12:11 am and my stomach is calling out for some food  should i ignore it or cave in?? hmmm   lol
cant go to sleep   too much on my mind  annoyed 
farmville is gay  treasure isle is awesome haha im a master <propmale> =p
"dear <propfemale>, next time ask for the name!!!! lol"
vacation sounds awesome right about now  sigh
some ppl r genuine assholes!  sad 
little kids are the cutest things ever! i just wanna squeeze their chubby little cheeks lol
spring ?
i picked out the lotto <propfirst> for my grampa  aww im his lucky charm  smile  hehe
finally worked out! hopefully i can keep this up haha
worked allllll day yesterday  8:15am til 8 smile 0pm   then back again this morning   where did my life go?? lol
"if you wanna go, baby lets go  if u wanna rock, im ready to roll ;p"
so i've come to realize that i have badass mma skills lol =p
ton of math hw  annoyed  bring on the coffee!
funnel cakes = yummmm  playful 
yayyyy its vacation time! one whole week off of work  laugh 
she's outta my league is pretty hilarious lol
"cant fall asleep  annoyed  so instead, im eating chocolate chip cookies and milk  yummm   smile "
"7 25 an hr for state workers  thanks <propmale>, i'll be living on the streets soon lol hope u have a damn good plan for this =p"
just cant live that negative way =p
perfect weather to go to the island water park =p
"driving on the open road, rascall flatts playing, sun setting   beautiful  smile "
drinking <propfemale> <propmale> pedal tea   made with real <propfemale> pedals  pretty good actually 
mmmmmm brownies  smile 
it was like a damn circus at work today! got off half an hr after i was supposed to! so glad to finally be home lol
not being able to txt during work sucks!! lol i've never been soooo bored in my life!! =p
"school at 11, work from 12-9  annoyed  gaaaaaaaayyyyy!!! lol"
went thru the bk drive thru in hopes of gettin some grub lol when i come to find out that i forgot the money!! haha the dude at the window waved and laughd  annoyed  now not only am i totally embarrassed but super hungry too! fml lol
???????   
so how bout i spent allllll damn day in the library yesterday doing a ton of hw  annoyed  longest day of my life! lol
haha some of these fan pages are pretty funny    yes im pretty bored right now lol
switchin to nerdy girl mode  ton of hw tonight  annoyed  boooooo english and anatomy!
hw sucks  want food  need sleep  perlas no help lol i wish starbucks was open 24 7
busy busy week ahead of me  gonna make another bad ass cake tomoro  laugh  cant wait for the weekend  smile 
"no work for 10 days straight!  laugh \paycheck is gonna suck tho lol"
boooooo its friday  time to go back to work  annoyed 
i hate writing essays  annoyed 
been in the library for about 3 hours now trying to finish up my english hw  annoyed  have i mentioned how much i hate english??? =p
had a bad day  annoyed  and someone ate all my mint n chip ice cream! grrr
making cupcakes smile  yummmm
my phone is officially done for  sad  iphone 4 here i come!! lol  laugh 
got my new phone  laugh  text me  smile 
movie night and smores tonight with the girls : d yay!
i love my <propfemale> <propfirst> 
its toooooooo cold outside! just wanna lay in bed all day and cuddle lol  playful 
back to nerdy girl mode  5 <propfemale> paper due tomoro morning  annoyed  ugh  
"aldo: \where the wood where the wood where the wood at\"" lmao"""
cant wait for this semester to be over already! ugh  
boooooooooooooooooo  annoyed 
"essays, essays, and more essays   grrrrrrr > annoyed "
dear santa  for christmas i would very much like it if my mom was over her midlife crisis stage already!! lol ugh  annoyed 
last day of english class  yayyyy!!!
not trippin  just chillin haha  playful  txt it!  smile )
so how bout my mom guessed what she was gettin for christmas! geez am i really that easy to read? lol  annoyed  hmm so does that mean i should give it to her already?
"now hiring: body guards for me, <propfemale>, and <propfirst> haha! don't be surprised if we come up missing one day after work lol"
making tamales  annoyed  i don't wanna make them i just wanna eat them!
"waiting and waiting  and waiting for <propfirst> to be ready already so we can \shake\""! lol"""
"fml lol   \ annoyed "
"basically home alone, looks like a storm outside, doin a ton of laundry, and every1s in a bad mood  worst xmas ever!  annoyed "
starbucks tonight  yay! need to get out of this crazy house lol
despicable me = aaaawesome  smile )
oh poop
was almost attacked by a <propfemale> right now! wth is a <propfemale> doing here in the middle of winter anyway?! arent they supposed to be hibernatin or somethin?! lol >:-l
mmmm hot chocolate ?
"uuuugh! i hate ungrateful ppl! when someone does something for you, appreciate it! grrr   "
i make the best spaghetti ever!  smile )
"my poor finger has had the worst day ever! its been bit, smashed, and cut   i'm sorry finger"
yay! cannot wait for fri! i definitely need to get away even for a night lol
worked all week its time to play  wink )
last night was too fun!!!
ugh all this negativity and stress of this house is making me breakout!! lol graduation could you get here already?!!  playful 
"dear sore throat, stuffy nose, cough, and sneezing   go away and let me sleep!!  annoyed "
go steelers!!  smile 
"i just love not being trusted  ugh  \mmmmm   cupcakes  wink ))"
boooo work!  annoyed 
wanna get my nails done but don't kno where to go  any suggestions ladies??  smile )
ugh hate lunges and squats  i can barely walk! lol  annoyed 
garipancha!! haha
boooo fridays  annoyed 
2 days til my bday  laugh 
what a birthday! forgot my running shoes which i need for aerobics class which by the way got canceled so now my hot friend <propfirst> is taking me to the gym out of all places to put then in use  i hope she finds someone else to torture there! lol
thanks everyone for the bday wishes!  love 33  smile )
"so its 1:50 am, wired on too much coffee, doing hw listening to all kinds of music on youtube when i come across aventura and i now have the biggest crush on <propmale>! lol the end  good night  smile "
may the bean inside me come out to play! haha ready for tonight smile 
woooow got ready for nothing   
happy vday!  smile 
uuuugh this car is going to be the death of me lol
lmao!! i love kat <propmale>
gaaah is it spring yet?!
speech suuuuuuuuucks!! lol any ideas for a debatable topic??
oh yeah 6 pack comin in   kinda  sorta  sometimes  maybe  ok not really lol i need a personal trainer! and a personal chef!! lol
"i'm losing my sight, losing my mind, wish someone would tell me i'm fine \ playful "
\food is ur friend <propfemale>  food will never break ur heart  worst case scenario," you'll get the runs \""\"73cd660181551e9303c6b6ff1e1a8fa9,ahhh new hair  nervous lol
soooooo pissed! bosses are asses!!!
kicked ass in laser tag! muahaha  playful 
woo! so much fun planned   nails and dermals and trip to the snow in about a week  then san <propfemale> the week after??  laugh 
uuuugh  human physiology is toooo boring! yaaaaaaaawn  
uuuuuugh sooooo stressed  annoyed  not cool   
at&t navigator you suck!!!
let's start a revolution from my bed smile 
the champ of words with friends smile  hooked on this game lol
"lupita: \seat leaned back tananana on the side nananana black n yellow black n yellow\"" lmao"""
ugh   i just feel like disapearing for a little bit  
"mission go to class: failed\new destination: remate\objective: get elote!! \current location: lost\driver: <propfirst>"
awwww i found lupes weakness   i made her cry in public! lol
every time someone says e playful ect the une playful ected i'd like to punch them in the face and say not a easy as it sounds is it?!! lol
"morning shift = desperate need for caffeine! \ playful "
i don't mind comin to work but the 8 hr wait to go home is bull! lol ugh
singing passionately in the shower: pretty good idea  dancing passionately in the shower: not so much     annoyed 
yay! warm weather! its about time!!  smile 
damn    bee season  annoyed 
woooow      sad  good night
"dear peanut butter, its time \sincerely,\ jelly smile "
