3376d0bafb986c23281c4550231883e6
looking forward to visiting friends that i've not seen in forever!  can't wait to get out of mcminnville for the weekend and go to portland!
does anyone else out there use itunes and think it's the biggest piece of crap software ever written?  if i didn't need it to sync my ipod i would uninstall the sh!t now!!!
"i f*cking hate cats!!!  now   before all you cat lover's get your panties in a knot, hear me out   the little bastards are allowed to run free without leashes all over the neighborhood and have taken to pissing all over my front porch   on my chairs   on my welcome mat   in my flower pots   can anyone tell me why?"
"from my horoscope today    \it's nearly certain that some of the folks you see every day are acting strangely now and it's all thanks to some deep issues that they don't even know the first thing about\"" lmao"""
all in all not a bad day at work   got a lot accomplished   still disappointed that i missed this beautiful <propfemale> day and <propfemale>'s first soccer game   such is life  smile 
"has a day off   gotta go to work for a short meeting later, then going to mom & dad's to see the new puppy   smile "
holy crap!!!  just heard the newberg store was robbed again!  2nd time in as many weeks   rumor has it that it was the same guy   cops need to catch this mf!
just heard on the news that my high school choir teacher died today in a horse riding accident   rip candy   you will be missed 
"received this information from my friend <propfirst> today and wanted to share with anyone that is not on her friends list    celebration of life for candy: candlelight ceremony with choral selections, monday evening, march 15th at 7pm hudson's bay high school, 1601 e  mcloughlin blvd vancouver,wa 98663 phone 360 313 4400"
is off to the demonic realm that holds my paycheck hostage 
decided that i would put a smile on my face at all costs and keep it there   am now rethinking that decision    anyone know how to get red sharpie off?
"has decided that today he is going to finish all his coworkers sentences with \in accordance with the prophecy\"" """
"martini, <propfemale>, and dont waste any space with those olives!"
"my doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity, i replied, no, we all seem to enjoy it "
"advises: 'don't do drugs because if you do drugs you'll go to prison, and drugs are really e playful ensive in prison'"
is a fan of sleeping diagonally in bed while snoring loudly and hogging all the blankets   smile 
just got home from work and i'm exhausted   time for a nap   hope everyone is having had a safe and happy easter!!!  smile 
is frustrated   last night our brand new computer crashed   now i have to do a full system recovery and i'm going to lose a whole bunch of data    grrrrrr!
work really sucks on only an hour of sleep   damn insomnia!!!
wants to know who <propfemale> shot!?
says t g i f  (for me)
is spending the day with my honey   lunch & a movie  smile 
two hours in a movie theatre seat yesturday and my back is all f*cked up   getting old sucks!  lol
work really sucks today!  only 3 hours left   :-s
"??i don't care if monday's blue tuesday's gray and wednesday too thursday i don't care about you it's friday, i'm in love??"
had a super bad day   glad it's over   time to relax  smile 
is back after a short hiatus    what's everyone been up to?
has only 47 hours and 27 minutes until my well deserved vacation    not that i'm counting or anything 
is happy to not be closing tonight   smile 
has a day off while <propmale> goes to work    wow it's been a long time since i said that! lol
"hates split days off   feels like the \weekend\"" is over before it even starts   annoyed """
is saturday really saturday when you have to work?
aaaaaaaarrrrrrrrgggghh!!!!   today sucked!
not a bad night at work   now it's time for big brother and then bed since i have to open tomorrow morning  yay!  annoyed 
would like to wish my partner @<propmale> <propmale> a very happy birthday!!  i love you!
"really doesn't want to go to work today, but gotta make money so i can maintain my \luxurious\"" lifesyle    smile """
i give up!  sad 
is in serious need of a trip to portland   this town and my job are sucking the life out of me!!
today is insane!!!!  closing time cannot come soon enough!
would like to wish eveyone a safe and happy halloween  smile 
my sister's daycare is run by a bunch of idiots!  upside = i get to spend the day with my little <propmale>  smile 
i just can't get rid of the frazer's!  first <propfirst> married my sister and now <propfirst> has proposed to my cousin!  lol  congratulations <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!!  i hope you have a happy life together  smile 
thanks to all my family and friends for the happy birthday wishes   my life is so much better because each and every one of you is in it   love and hugs to you all!  smile 
change your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood  the goal is not to see a human face on fb till monday december 6th  join the fight against child abuse  copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same!
is so tired of coming in to complete caos at work every day    sad 
"for the first time in several years, i am done with all of my holiday shopping   before the 24th!!!!  yay!"
"wishing all my family, friends, and co-worker a very <propfemale> christmas, and a fantastic new year!  i love you all!"
a very special thank you to my friend <propfemale> and her husband for picking me up when they saw me walking in the rain and giving me a ride to work   you guys are awsome!  thanks again!!!
just came home from work to find 3 inches of standing water in the basement and my poor dog practically swimming in his kennel!  grrrr!  at least he's alive and there's no real damage to anything 
would like to wish everyone a fun and safe new year's <propfemale> and a happy new year
is wonderin why i continue to work in customer service when i hate the public in general   people are so mean!  sad 
is on the way to the courthouse to begin jury duty today   so not excited!  lol
"day 1 of jury duty over, and i'm already on a criminal trial for the next 2 days   at least   i'm sure my co-workers are not to happy about being more short-handed than usual, but i'm glad to get a break from the madness  smile "
"screw you syfy for cancelling caprica and then not airing the final 5 episodes until tonight, and screw you comcast for not listing the episodes as new in the giude so my dvr didn't record them   you bastards!"
"day 3 of trial to begin soon   i must say that jury duty can be an inconveniece, but watching our justcie system in action is kind of interesting   much different than on tv!"
"finally heard from the courthouse bailiff on the case i was sitting on   <propfirst> mellerio was found quilty on all 12 counts, including kidnapping, robbery, coerscion, menacing, theft, and assault   i hope the $20 he was owed by the 14 y o victim was worth the time he will spend in prison   it's sad what meth addiction does to people "
don't get me wrong   i miss <propmale> when he's gone   but i have slept soooo good the last couple nights with the big 'ol <propmale> sized bed to myself!  smile 
"was craving chinese food, so i went to get take-out for lunch   they gave me more food with one combination meal than i usually get for both me and <propmale>   i gonna be eating this for the next two day! :-s"
is done with the negativity and friend bashing that's been going around on here   round one of facebook friend cuts tonight when i get hoome!
"anybody that knows anything about the law of gravity knows that if two people are tugging on something, one bitch is gonna fall   -<propfemale>, \you're cut off\""\",3376d0bafb986c23281c4550231883e6,"my 3 y o nephew wyatt: \are you leaving uncle jason?\""\",3376d0bafb986c23281c4550231883e6,"got selected for another jury trial   boss is not happy, but nothing i can do   sorry to my fellow technicians   hope your week doesn't suck too bad!"
"second trial over   jury duty done! not excited about going back to work, but at least today is my friday so i don't have to be there until sunday    smile "
"dear un-named co-worker,\if you're trying to drive me crazy, i don't need a ride   i can walk from here \thanks,\<propfirst>"
"go celtics! what? that's not football? oh well  i really didn't care anyway   wink \for those of you that like that kind of crap, i hope you're enjoying the game!  laugh "
today sucks   can't wait till it's over! seems like everyone in town is sick and wants their prescription now!
"loving my new motorola cliq 2!  rip t-mobile g1   you were good to me for 2 years, but your lack of memory was your downfall   smile "
i really can't wait for <propfemale> to come around and kick your a$$!
"finally a day off tomorrow, them back to work for 4 days before another   i really hate this split days off crap!"
"<propmale> has gotten me addicted to the show damages   if you haven't seen it, i highly recommend it   you can stream seasons 1 & 2 on netflix and season 3 is available on dvd "
so exhausted!  bad case of insomnia last night   maybe 1 hour of bad sleep   now for 8 hours of work   hopefully i'll make it through the day with out fallinf asleep on my feet    annoyed 
looking forward to <propfemale> lampanelli's new special on comedy central tonight   i love that b!tch!  smile 
"important!!! tomorrow, facebook will change its privacy settings to allow <propfirst> zuckerberg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon  to stop this from happening, go to account > home invasion settings > cannibalism > brains, and uncheck the \tasty\"" box  please copy and repost """
