cd5cb13bcb5e88ca26141e38df9ac2ff
blue <propfemale> magic yesterday people-hope you used it wisely! smile 
gone smurfin! sending love from costa rica smile  no phone only internet  big exes and ohs! smile  smile xoxoxo!!!!yippy!
skype spam from phone sex operators? seriously?
free beer and free taxis?! good f'in day smile 
has an unbelievable amount of sand in her hair  gotta love summer smile 
"is up to her amazing tits in legal paperwork, but still god damned excited to see what each day has in store   lovin' life, spreadin' the stoke smile "
"just saw the 80's uberclassic 'satisfaction' : beach, rock and roll fantasies, and really bad plaid pants  ahhh glad summer's still the same wink     "
"wonders if somebody can tell her why dudes are so god damned stupid? does having a cock and balls drop their iq by 50 points? they're like bad little puppies, or walking amygdala's  no frontal lobe at all whatsoever  seriously what the hell is wrong with "
is a compulsive perchaser of swimwear and just may need an intervention 
"just went surfing with her passport in her board shorts   oops, tee <propfemale>  "
"got her ass handed to her by high tide today, but a little surf and a little yoga makes <propfemale> a happy piggy "
needs korben <propfirst>
who wants to go to st  <propfirst> for thanksgiving?   absurdly cheap flights dropping in my lap  or cancun  or honduras  6 and 1 2 dozen   
"today is a gift, hence called the present   get it? (thanks aluwalia wink "
has discovered the cure for the agricultural industrial complex!!
": ditch plains, noon, current water temp 70 degrees  "
has realized that one of the side effects of being a person who very rarely drinks is that one can get positively toasted on a few sips of kombucha  at least this one can 
flat water
night smurfing with czech kids  ha smile 
requires only one thing in a human being and that is the <propfemale> to be a better person 
is kraftwerkin' it 
"two eggs over easy w  tomatillo salsa and cilantro aioli, lightly blanched kale w  garlic and lemon, mesquite spiced cannelini beans smothered in <propfemale>'s xxxhotsauce  fresh blueberries  no, i do not mess around "
needs a ride to sagaponack   
is so happy her lobster shmoopie came out to visit!! thanks for good times abisag! smile 
is paddling out in 10 foot swells today    have i the huevos? smile  smile !!
not my chair not my problem 
"temperley london sample sale east hampton, who's in?! wink "
is runnin' to manhattan for a hot minute
was told by the owners of wave <propmale> hawaii last night that she looks like uma thurman    that is absolutely ridiculous-but i'll take it 
finds little that's more comforting than a heavy new york accent smile 
is disillusioned
"believes that no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and nobody should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
nude sunrise diving photoshoot?   tempting   
happy birthday mommy!
oooouuuuuch! it fucking hurts damnit!
is back in manhattan with her favorite four legg-ed irishman smile 
is goin' to coney island to ride the cyclone and see her friend dress up in patent leather and eat fire  wanna come with? wink 
mtk
"\miissssterr andersonnn   \""   reattaching her detachment """
"goin' to terminal fiiiive, nah nah na boo boo!"
it's the possibilites   the possibilities that drive you mad 
anybody seen my quantum mechanics book (yellow) and my uninsured $400 glasses (clear plastic)?    i'm poor and can replace neither   friends? left at your house? no?    : smile ( snarf snarf    
likes to rescue sidewalk worms from imminent death by sunshine smile 
is wondering if anybody else is a little freaked out by the similarity between our blowing up parts of the <propfemale> and the novel the time machine     
midterms 
"no jesus juice and grape kool aid event tonight, going here instead: teaching w  venerable lobsang chunzom \taking care of others\"" 8pm 324 lafayette btwn bleeker and <propmale> 7th floor 8pm  come with if you like!"""
is growing bonsai!
"doesn't understand televised parades, and thoroughly resents being subjected to them whilst attempting to enjoy other trash tv "
thanks everyone who made jesus juice and grape kool aid a blast last night!!! awesome smile  now whose blackberry is at my house? i will start using it to call foreign countries if you don't claim it!
accidentally deleted the phone number for milk and <propfemale>  anyone have it? referring a friend 
"alles gute zum geburtstag berlin!!!   er um  hochzeit? <propfemale>, oder maxi?"
didnt' know i had a chinese test today  ouch  that was painful 
anybody know what any of the planetary transits were for november 14th? looking for one at 12 surprise 5pm      
thanks gayatri spivak for tomorrow night's met opera tix!! faust! spooky smile 
saw <propfemale> beranski at the opera last night smile    also smuggled in a chocolate bar  culture makes one hungry you know smile 
just got new ink!
is stoked to be spending squash and genocide day with schnocka and bisky bits and insatiable consumerism day with mags! damn i love pumpkins 
loves you all  no seriously  all of you!
anybody wanna lend me an external hard drive so i can fix my poor little workhorse of a <propmale>?
"was born of winter, season of frost, of snow, of long cold nights, of death for rebirth, season of magic, wonder, and imagination "
is thankful for whatever synchronicity provided her with a completely une playful ected sting concert in the biggest gothic cathedral in the entire world  only in new york people 
is addicted to blueberries!!   blast those maniacally cunning little blue spheres of phytochemical goodness!
"wanted to tell him \sir my specialty is high politics and therefore your blatherings on about the human capital earnings function is trivial to me   and plus i'm just plain lazy \"" but figured it would adversely affect my grade   """
"is finished with finals and would like to thank <propfemale> <propfirst> for lending me her pc, <propfirst> kusher for lending me his hard drive, and the apple genius bar guy <propfirst> for sending my 5 year old <propmale> to get a new hard drive, screen, keyboard, logic board, and operating system for free!!!! <propfemale> fuckin' christmas to me!!!"
"is in dc, no celly service here (sorry if i haven't returned calls), back in manhattan manana!"
   entonces?
thinks the body language of the joint chief's last night at obama's implication of repealing don't ask don't tell was classic b movie fodder   it walked that fine line between hysterical and tragic  
is joining the columbia sailing team!! whoohoo!!
wtf is going on with the supreme court?!  and the tonight show?! cheez and rice people get it together!
is mainlining msm powder and still babying those rotator cuffs  
"has her first fire poi performance in north <propfemale> tomorrow night!! check out \freakout for haiti!! zesty panjectivist lifeboat\"" at gallery bar on the les smile    it's a fundraiser and you get to watch me singe the hairs on my arms with balls of fire smile """
rediscovered her rjd2 albums yesterday  awesome smile 
there are angels in disguise everywhere-take heed smile 
happy snow day people!!!!
"happy <propfirst>'s day everyone! big love to all of you  if nobody gave you any chocolate, i'm sending you kisses smile "
pc lampkin birthday weekend 2010 beginnnns  now!
is always surprised and grateful when people say happy birthday on facebook  aweeee   thanks guys!!! smile  smile  smile xoxoxoxo
<propmale> out with axl <propfemale> at work last night!   had the presence of mind not do my axl snake dance impression wink    and to not talk about slash annoyed   
subsisting on goji berries and dark ghiardelli baking chocolate pieces and send you all love wink 
can never wait to see just what's coming 'round the corner  stoked stoked stoked  always 
anybody want to do some volunteering tomorrow? food bank prolly   
is sitting in an internet cafe in montezuma doing bloody chinese and econ homework  is nothing sacred?!!
"is going to have an awesome day surfing, making out, and generally feeling smug smile "
can't help it! i'm a 's<propfemale> in the first house' baby smile 
"miami en route, blech  was so worth it though!   miss my tico already   "
nyc! phone will be back up in a few hours wink 
has no idea how she got an a- on that  no fucking idea  but thanks!!!
"is terrifically bass ackwards, as it's 6 weeks from graduation and i've only just now downloaded the mandarin input software   ????"
gs spring <propfemale> photos: who the @#%^&&* are these people?!! i'm such a dinasaur smile 
synesthesia!!
"dear long island railroad: yesterday you claimed my favorite skull scarf, and my debit card, but you also provided me with two of the sweetest jobs in montauk and a place to stay  while i'm still pouting about my scarf, i'd say it's a net win smile  thanks!!!"
give someone a smile today! you never know how much they just may need it smile   
<propfirst> spader's '<propmale> shore' and stewey griffin: not an accident 
anybody need a place to stay in montauk this summer? we need one maybe two more ppl   
"fantasizing, innovating, procrastinating   "
thirteen days!!!!!!!!
is finished with her last exams ever!   and slept for three days smile  let the games begin!!
dalai lama-ing in eight hours smile 
"as of yesterday, there is a new privacy \settingcalled\instant personalization\"" that shares data with \",cd5cb13bcb5e88ca26141e3 laugh f9ac2ff,signing off   gotta find that chord to the dang <propfemale> machine   
"three days with the dalai lama-am i holy yet?! thanks to the random old tibetan dude who gave me a free ticket smile  smile  mr  thupten, you are just plain awesome smile !"
nicaragua
is trying to learn the harmonica during a torrential costa rican downpour    
yay  dad smile 
is wondering where half her profile went   what is the mf'ing deal facebook? site upgrades should not = deleted information that i am far too lazy to recover!
"mirando por el cañón de mi cerebro cargado es <propfemale> lugar m<propmale>o, lo m<propmale>o de ser, pero <propfemale>a p<propmale>abra <propmale> la verdaderamente imprudente-<propfemale>a disculpa va <propfemale> largo camino"
"there are those who are extraordinarily daring because they completely trust their own ability to manage consequences that may arise, and there are those who are daring because consequences are the last thing on their mind  when you jump, ask where your courage comes from "
"just left detroit-which has a surprisingly awesome airport, aside from the seizure inducing disco lights on the moving sidewalk-at 30,000ft i observe moment of silence for the city that beget the mc5 "
"20\ years after being tortured daily for a year and a half by a satellite \television that produced only <propmale> television stations, my \absurdly feverish distaste for the broncos, smiling newscasters, fleece,\ and lift tickets being pushed to the limits as i find myself in the \worst place imaginable    colorado  a swift injection of many people wearing black leather would make this decidedly easier to endure    "
"seriously best birthday in 5ever!!thank u <propmale> for being the best boyfriend that ever walked the planet,thank u <propmale> 4 being my epically sweet&surprise party instigating roomie,thank u my dharma peeps 4 ur loving covert ops&thank you everybody for the birthday wishes!!!!   ah yes, an attack of the warm fuzzies smile     \p s <propmale>,did i mention you are the best boyfriend ever to walk the face of the planet?prrrrrrr   "
nassau
