002b53bad2e094dc2f7204344ba08923
best new years of my life!!!  smile   love 
got a much needed 12 hour sleep!!  smile 
i love saturdays!!!!
"oh no, i'm catching a cold  sad "
can't wait for summer!!
really loves spring!!!  smile 
last night i discovered my favorite movie!!
is going to get commissioned and is going to camp cilca this weekend smile 
ran walked 5 4 <propmale>  smile 
"did school, weeded the strawberry patch, washed my dog, then did laundry  i'm ready for bed!!"
"i get to go to camp cilca tomorrow, tomorrow i love ya tomorrow you're only a day away  smile "
can't believe how time can fly!!
sooo looking forward to summer!!!
am i the only one who is freezing their but off?
"is sad  sad  but also happy  smile  sad about not getting pigs, and happy about going to new haven, missouri   go oafc!!!"
does anyone know the strum to he is everything to me ? ( its on <propfemale> 61 i think )
is eating a big bowl of srtawberries   smile   mm good
i need sleep!!
"\e playful osure to the son may prevent burning\"""""
rode her bike to the lake and got a flat  sad 
homade icecream is the best!!!  smile 
ran 7 4 <propmale>  smile 
my room is a mess!!! packin to go to camp cilca  smile 
is glad to be home for the rest of the week!
is finally getting over her cold just in time for camp! alleluia praise the lord!!!
just got back from camp today and leaving for the nlyg tomorrow!!!  smile  wow! i'm all packed and ready to go   i hope
i'm thankful for sleep!!! a-men  smile 
i love sundays and blueberries!  smile 
"love the lord you god with all your heart, with all you soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength  smile "
i am in colorado right now  smile  hangin with friends
stayed up till 2 last night at a lock in!
is going to focus on the family today
is so tired after hiking today!!!!! but had a blast thats for sure  smile 
"going camping tomorrow, yay!"
camped at cags camp ground for the weekend  had soooo much fun!!!! glad to be back and showered!  smile 
going running tonight  smile  yay!!
my sister is getting married!!!!!
"can't wait till saturday, we are going to climb pikes peak  sooo exciting!!!"
"ok so i haven't been on facebook in ages sooo lets see    we climbed pikes peak ( oh man, was that an accomplishment! ),and had and amazing labor day weekend ! and we may be going to look at wedding dresses today! smile "
"hey, yall i'm back in illinois!"
give thanks to the lord for he is good!!!!!
"wasp flies in my room, i look on my desk for an object to smack it with: pencil- to small, bible- would be a sin, school- problem solved  smile "
time for bed yall  love 
how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie-pop? the world may never know = p
day out with <propfemale>  smile 
"\ go quick and tell the world of christ our lord \"""""
guess who got her license?  smile 
"thanks guys for all the confidence in me, or not either way i appreciate it  smile   love "
"ok everyone, there is an oafc (ongoing ambassadors for christ ) weekend the 15-17 of this month if you are interested and able to attend you should let <propfirst> wutdke know  smile  p s  its in west frankfort,il"
is sore!
might be addicted to chocolate milk =p!!!  love 
we washed my old car the old fashioned way    life is good  love 
"<propfemale> was great, had an awesome time!!!! got a new phone yay  smile "
"god, thanks for the amazing day!!  love "
uniontown mo  here i come!!!  smile 
is reaping the cosequences of her actions  maybe jumping down stairwells last night wasn't such a great idea? it was fun though  smile  ugh in pain!
"climed the incline today, i'm tired and i still have a 15 hour drive ahead of me tonight  sad "
sooooooo glad to finally stretch my legs and take a long nap smile 
it's a happy day and i thank god for the weather!  smile 
i never knew how fun talking in a british accent could be!!  smile  p s  i have a stupid phone  annoyed 
"ahhh jumped in the puddles the creek and pond!! if you did not go outside and play in the rain, on this beautiful day, you my friends are missing out    big time  smile "
i  love  tag on ice!!  smile 
if you are what you eat i'm an orange  what are you?
ahhh i cant wait for tomorrow!!!!  love 
i'm soooo sick  sad 
"oh where oh where has my little phone gone, oh where oh where could it be?"
i really  love  adventures in odyssey!!!!!!
i really want to go to <propmale> park right now!  smile 
"oh, just thought i'd let yall know that i got three gashes on my right foot and rug burn on my knee  how did i do this you ask? i just got out of bed this morning and bam!"
"after its over, after it ends, after the music stops, what then?\will you understand that christ is <propmale>? or will you just like the words we sing after the music stops   ~lacrea~  \i pray that our praise to god be more than a song we sing, but a life we live  love  ptl"
laser tag has got to be my favorite sport!! had a ton of fun today with lots of homeschoolers  smile ))
you know there's something wrong with you siblings when they give themselves swirlys =p eww
"ok, so i finally got a new phone (cuz my mom lost my old one) i still have my old number but i lost all yalls <propfirst>   sad "
yeah jesus!!!!!!  love 
oafc tomorrow!!!!  smile  it's been too long!
"went to a free mma class last night with <propfirst> weishaar, <propfemale> weishaar, <propfemale> weishaarand <propfemale> wright  my goodness!! we had no idea what we were in for! i'm sore, i don't know about the rest of you  was weird at first, but all in all i'd say we had a good time uh    wrestling =p"
"kids say the darnedest things! in my car, on the way to the library   \carl: where's the fire excape on this thing?\me: (laughing) what?!?\carl: you know in case it e playful lodes or something \ love "
climbed the steps of death (aka manitou incline) twice this week! what we do in our free time is absolutely rediculouse!
ahh    it finally feels like spring!
"if you and i ended up in a police car together: using only 4 words, what would you say to me? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this as your status, so i may comment on yours as well  be a good sport and play along   4 words are harder than you think ? smile "
