c3268186b0c18af2cd05bac8a6110009
fine day to be a buckeye   but a damn fine day to be a florida gator
is about to go get his ass kicked by tons of moving water    awesome 
cuz you can always have one more monkey
is off to <propfemale> with the extended family    awesome!!!!!!
hurray work     bleh 
is tired and bored   just another typical summer day : )
can vegetarians eat animal crackers?
just can't seem to find <propmale>
"has discovered the shocking truth    you aren't looking for <propmale>, he is looking for you "
waiting for his xbox            ups sure knows how to hold you in suspense
the box is back yall run for cover
is looking at his schedule and dreading the beginning of classes            but can't wait for college!!!!!!
misses everyone who is in college   can't wait to go himself 
wishes he were at school       yeah it's that bad 
hahahhahahahahaha i just got assigned to siebert   that's what the over half the alter class in siebert now?
college footbal in 25 minutes            i can hardly contain myself!!!!!!!!
wants college       now
osu usc block o here i come
"sorry buckeyes, we just couldn't pull it out   lets go broncos"
hahahahahahhaahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahaahahhaah
needs more cow <propfemale>
got moved to park hall         in a solo room       
"last day, hmmmmmmmmm i don't know what to think "
go gators
to all you <propmale> fans      im sorry   we broncos do horrible things to you 
awesome <propfirst> <propmale> lights it up for 45         and i have him on the bench      fml
survey class down   now time for my actual classes
is destroying homework   bring it on college 
hey we welcome to catfish biffs      we ain't got no fish
popo be everywhere   they busted a lot of people tnite 
<propmale> is 3-0          nice
i like bacon   i don't care what you say  i eat bacon each and everyday 
has new friends    but still thinks kane smells like a butthole 
huh           how bout them broncos
doesn't like school atm       
thinks snuggies are immoral and should be destroyed
shop smart              shop s-mart  got it!!!!!!
web work fml
nom nom food nom nom
fucka you dorphin!!!!!!!!!! fucka you wharuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!
is so glad usc is getting crushed
is stoked for call of duty modern warfare 2
everyone is entitled to their own opinion  it's just that yours is stupid 
got modern warfare 2          had to wait in line for 3 hours but i got it  and                        it was worth every second
"don't say i'm 1 in a 1,000,000   i find that insulting   you think there are 1336 people just like me in <propfemale>?"
"worst game ever   ghetto monopoly   no matter what happens, you always go to jail "
friday the 13th : o
if i hear or see another thing referring to twilight im gonna gouge my eyes out 
really really really really really really really wants bills
just beat mass effect again       and has begun counting down the days until mass effect 2 comes out             
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!! eat drink and be <propfemale>!!!!!!
i absofreakinlutely love my new profile picture 
"florida vs  alabama, best game of the year   watch that shit "
oh well <propmale>   it happens 
man man man i feel for you nebraska   that's just gotta suck ass 
i never thought i would find myself rooting for the browns 
"\it only takes one heart to believe   then you can soar \""  wiser words are seldom spoken """
is very happy with the browns at the moment 
"oh, you  you just couldn't let me go, could you? this is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object  you are truly incorruptible, aren't you? huh? you won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self-righteousness  and i won't kill you because you're just too much fun  i think you and i are destined to do this forever "
you look like you might have seen one up close 
has seen many up close   wink 
"though we may strike at you from the shadows, do not think we lack the courage to stand in the light "
"glad to see you, boys  time to kick some serious butt "
"it may not be tomorow, darlin', it may not even happen with an army at my back  but rest assured; i'm the man who's gonna kill you one day  i'll be seeing you "
<propfemale> christmas to all   and to all a good night 
team robbe   better than team millups 
here comes the snow baby
"you called down the thunder, now reap? the whirlwind"
"though we may strike at you from the shadows, do not think we lack the courage to stand in the light "
broncos              you sadden me 
how about that ride in?  i guess that's why they call it sin city       hahahahaha     
i believe i will name it         the mastodon
come on you apes!!!!!!!!!!!! you wanna live forever!!!!!
"i choose what once, a coward could not "
"<propfirst> kiffin   you just proved how much of a little punk ass bitch you are   enjoy sliding into mediocrity usc, ya punks "
some dumb mother fuckers are always trying to ice skate uphill
"in war, victory   in peace, vigilance   in death, sacrifice "
dude    i don't wanna have a cannon in my pants  -<propfirst> shiverdecker
<propfirst>'s stone cold lock of the century       of the week!!!!!!!
rage is a hell of an anesthetic
"you wait, when everyone's organic batteries, people will look back and say   this is all joker's fault  what a tool he was  now i have to? spend all day computing pi because he plugged in the overlord "
anyone who fights us is either stupid or on saren's payroll  killing the latter is business  killing the former is a favor to the universe 
good   bad   i'm the guy with the gun 
i'm dying right now  http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=ykwqxumpsoc&feature=related
hmmmmm <propfirst> bay is directing the nightmare on elms street movie   let's start a pool what's the over under on random ass e playful losions in people's dreams 
i'm an entertainer      you're nasty
"'<propmale>, what's the name of that nasty <propmale> who keeps hiding my stuff  from me?' 'alzheimer, grandpa '"
<propmale> <propfirst>?  really <propmale>?  he's our ace in the hole?  we are so screwed           le sigh
day 4       
my mind has just been blown
"<propfemale>   whips crack   those in back cry, forward!!!!!  those in front cry, back!!!!"
is it wrong that i predicted kansas losing to n  iowa and <propmale> in the sweet 16?
let's go <propmale>   beat kentucky and calipari   i wanna see him burn 
"i applaude you obama   you have made one of the stupidest diplomatic moves i have ever seen in the history of the united states government   you single handly committed one of the biggest slights in american history   how about you humilate the prime minister of great britiain next you arrogant prick   better yet, why don't you go to binyamin netanyahu's house and take a big ole' dump on his front porch "
kensucky and no i didn't spell that wrong   get rid of calipari and i would be feeling bad for you right now 
"my deepest symapthies go out to the hausfeld family, i am so sorry for your loss   i cannot e playful ress in words my sorrow "
hahahahahahahhaha  from northern iowa!!!!!!!!!!!!!  <propfirst> barokemybracket!!!!!!!!!!!  i mean farokhmanesh!!!!!
"i'm in japanese prison lawd, japanese prison got me down        i'm in japanese prison lawd, won't be long here my eyes are round   -<propfirst> cartman"
"you can run on for a long time run on for a long time, run on for a long time sooner or later god'll cut you down sooner or later god'll cut you down -j  cash"
it's time <propmale>   don't let me down 
<propmale>   you delivered so hard   i love you so much right now <propmale> 
"dear mavericks, take note, that is how you play basketball   even when you blow a big lead you fight till the end   or hell maybe you shouldn't have been down as a 2 seed to a 7 seed   now mavericks, as you watch the spurs play in the next round, go cry in a corner knowing you got beat by the better team "
"lebron, you've gained some respect from me   you have to be working for habitat for humanity, i mean only a voluteer for that organization would have that many bricks "
\i spoil a lot of people with my play  when you have three bad games in seven years," it's easy to point them out \"" -lebron james\"c3268186b0c18af2cd05bac8a6110009,"awesome night, topped of with an amazingly awful and hilarious drive home "
"what am i gonna do when the best part of me was always you, what am i supposed to say when i'm all choked up that you're ok   i'm falling to pieces, yeah, i'm falling to pieces "
"somewhere over the rainbow\blue birds fly\and the dreams that you dreamed of\dreams really do come true ooh ooooh\someday i'll wish upon a star\wake up where the clouds are far behind me ee ee eeh\where trouble melts like lemon drops\high above the chimney tops thats where you'll find me oh\somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly\and the dream that you dare to,why, oh why can't i? i iiii"
the
"if you fall for me\\i'm not easy to please\\i might tear you apart\\told yah from the start\baby from the start\\i'm only gonna break break your\break break ya heart\\i'm only gonna break break your\break break ya heart\\i'm only gonna break break your\break break ya heart\\i'm only gonna break break your\break break ya heart"
my new desktop kicks all sorts of ass
bored text me 
"great season on all accounts   team's done the program and fans very proud   awesome job guys   once a knight, always a knight "
"\spotted <propmale> sir?\""  what the hell i'm trying to get some food and this guy is asking me if i have the clap """
"freedom isn't a right we hold   it is a privilege we are afforded by the patriots willing to lay down their life for it   thank you to all our troops around the world   all those who are currently serving, all those who have served, and especially all those who have died in the service of our great nation   i thank all of you from the bottom of my heart   you will always have my undying support and respect "
congrats alter knights class of 2010   have a great summer   college starts in but a few months 
"if the arabs put down their weapons today, there would be no more violence  if the jews put down their weapons today, there would be no more <propmale>  \-<propmale> netanyahu"
"she was sooooo tragic  till i drove her wild   \i make them good girls go baaad  i make them good girls go baaaaaaaaaad "
omg if these horns don't cut out i'm gonna slap someone 
"\i'm gonna stick my penis in <propmale> robbe     no homo\"" -<propmale> miller"""
rain is good  rain makes corn  corn makes whiskey  whiskey makes her frisky 
no votto
that don't sit well with the big dog 
us 1 point from the draw   fifa ref 2 points for robbing us a goal  life's a bitch ain't it?
"baruk khazâd, khazâd ai-mênu "
sinners make the best saints 
sax maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnn               sax man!!!!!
"those who cling to the untrue doctrine that violence never settles anything must look at history  violence, naked force, has settled more issues in history than has any other factor, and the contrary opinion is wishful thinking at its worst  nations and peoples who forget this basic truth have always paid for it with their lives and freedoms  \-<propfirst> a  heinlein"
"so are the refs just trying to fuck us?  i mean seriously, you getting payed off by fifa?  this is getting ridiculous "
gggggooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllll
"as a troll thread grows longer, the probability of the in depth discussion, review and appreciation of <propfirst> walken's voice approaches 1   it's referred to as walken's law "
this boat is real!!!!!!!!!
diagnosis?  you suck 
"\remember thee! remember thee! which was basically a highly literate version of \""99 problems \""\",c3268186b0c18af2cd05bac8a6110009,does anyone know why <propmale> rooney wasn't chosen for this year's england squad? i kept looking for him but he was nowhere to be found 
it is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years a sheep 
"it's funny how the finality of our circumstance is realized at the worst of times   any even when we realize it we fight it, we choke back the tears that will inevitably come   it is in accepting finality that we truely learn to live again "
"there are three things we are all going to do before we die  we're all gonna lie, we're all gonna cry, and we're all gonna take painful shits "
thank you lebron for leaving my state  your exit gate will be b21  now hurry up and leave   now you have no excuse not to win a championship 
"why is race always brought forth?  why can't we actually be equal and live as human beings regardless of race?  oh, that's right, because people are idiots "
aaaaaaaannnnnndddddd boom goes the dynamite
"royce: there is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter \isabella: how poetic, did you come up with that?\royce: no actually, it's hemmingway "
the worst thing that ever happened to religion was people 
hey wanna see something cool?  ok do like 15 things on facebook you don't wanna do   take me to work   run and get me some chocolate milk   tell 15 friends about it when you don't even know what it is   then complete a survey for no reason other than i'm bored 
"if you have a milkshake, and i have a milkshake and my straw reaches into your milkshake, then i drink your milkshake!!!"
"you gotta love livin' baby, cuz dyin' is a pain in the ass "
what we do in this life echos in eternity
the local young men are keen on my flavored milk drink and frequent my garden in order to sample it   they insist that its quality is superior to yours 
it followed me home    can i keep it?  cookie for reference 
nobody asks to be a hero   it just sometimes turns out that way 
zoiby want balloon!!! want balloon now!!!!! zoiby want go outside!!
is really freaking stressed atm  ahhhhhhhhhhhh
livin' life like there ain't no tomorrow 
we live for today because we don't know about tomorrow   we live for the moment because it's the only thing that's certain   we live for others because we already live for ourselves 
tebow looks like a linebacker lol  let's go tnite broncos
"i'm a cowboy, on a steel horse i ride  cuz i'm wanted    dead or alive "
i've seen donkey's ass holes with more guts than those toss pots 
democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what's for lunch  freedom is a well-armed lamb contesting said vote 
"come on you apes, you wanna live forever!!!!"
i am lrrr!!!!!!! ruler of omicron persei 8
bad florida  play better or gtfo  i still luh you tho        
"it seems like everywhere i go\the more i see\the less i know\but i know one thing\that i love you\\great song "
"some people think they can outsmart me, maybe               maybe   but i have yet to meet person who can outsmart bullet "
"congratulations boise   but, color me unimpressed   i is still very skeptical of you "
"and i just can't keep living this way\so starting today, i'm breaking out of this cage\i'm standing up, imma face my demons\i'm manning up, imma hold my ground\i've had enough, now i'm so fed up\time to put my life back together right now"
"back to school  back to school, to prove to dad that i'm not a fool  i got my lunch packed up, my boots tied tight, i hope i don't get in a fight  ohhhh, back to school  back to school  back to school "
"rip <propmale> <propmale>, condolensces to your family and the broncos organization "
"thank god for that one lsu, luckiest team alive right now "
i sad 
"the end is never the end, a new challenge awaits  a test no man can be prepared for, a new hell he must conquer and destroy, a new level of growth he must confront himself  the machine and the ghost within, this is the journey  of the man on the <propfemale> "
broncos win!  broncos win!  broncos win!
snookie smush smush!!!!!!!
because riding the dog like a horse is frowned upon in this establishment!!!
just saw seneca <propmale> at waffle house    now i know why colt's starting 
"i've got some issues that nobody can see, and all of these emotions are pouring out of me   i bring them to the life for you   it's only right   this is the soundtrack to my life "
it could just be that notre dame is a roster game now for navy   -reece <propmale>
"\denver finished with a 93-67 ( 581) regular-season record during the 2000s to <propfirst> its third consecutive decade with 90 or more victories -- the only team in the nfl to accomplish that feat during the last three decades \"" -epsn stats  huh   learn something new everyday   my boys are representing """
denver           you had a game today         remember?
"run for the hills, pick up your feet and lets go \we did our jobs, pick up speed now lets move \the trees cant grow without the sun in their eyes \and we can't live if we're too afraid to die "
soooooooooo i just rode an elephant   yeah 
"this is that time of year   the air is crisp and cool   football is winding down   christmas is getting near   hot chocolate is brewing   and well, michigan still sucks at football "
walking dead   txt 
"i think its time to blow this scene, get everybodies stuff together \okay 3, 2, 1 let's jam"
the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is that good men do nothing 
funny how it took someone from michigan for osu to finally beat an sec team in a bowl 
anything that isn't constantly challenged grows weak
