301ac9dd4a502494d2ba43fa9b3909ec
helped power the times square ball  and now gets to see that ball drop tonight    thanks partly to me : ]
exhaustion 
my last week home  and its gonna be amazing!
is so done with exams and is ready to go home   soo close 
"one more exam then a night of celebration and relaxation  then heading to elon tomorrow and driving up, then getting home wednesday at some point! : ]"
what is with this heat in december?! i swear if i dont get a white christmas im gonna punch someone in the kidney  : ]
excuse me: monkey balls  that is all 
heading to elon  then driving up to harrisonburg for the night  then be home in connecticut sometime tomorrow!! : ]
yay for getting home today   leaving va around 9am and be home around 4pm!! cannot waitttt 
is home for christmas in connecticut!!!
one week til christmas!! i still need to get into the spirit 
"nice warm bath, then relaxing by the fireplace and watching some christmas movies   i love being home "
finally the snow has arrived  going to sleep early then family christmas party in ny tomorrow!
"finishing christmas shopping today, then having some fun tonight!"
"i cannot believe its almost christmas, it doesnt feel like it   "
"hanging out with people tonight  then spending the day in tomorrow doing all my christmas wrapping, movie watching, baking, and stuff to get into the spirit! : ]"
nyc for the day to celebrate mom's birthday christmas <propfemale>! loveee 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!
"great christmas : ] now off to watch one of my favorites, its a wonderful life!!"
enjoying the day 
dentist  relaxing  out tonight  : ]
best get some good sleep tonight 
such a relaxing day 
cannot wait for 2010 
wants to go play in the snow  and then celebrate new years!
"sing me something soft, sad and delicate, or loud and out of key, sing me anything "
cleaning  shower  then back to sleep  forever 
"i usually love winter time, but im all ready for summer "
party tonight   tomorrows my last day in ct : [
only a little more time left in ct : [  long day of driving tomorrow 
doesnt wanna leave yet : [  bed then up early to drive to harrisonburg  then to boone on sunday  lets hope this ride isnt too boring by myself 
"relaxing in the hotel in harrisonburg, then driving to boone tomorrow!"
made it to boone!
i cannot believe classes already start tomorrow  not even a day of rest  hopefully it will all be good 
sleep sounds so good right now 
"nationwide auditions to be on glee? heck yes, count me in!"
is soooo ready for the first weekend back at app!
inglorious basterds  party  asheville tomorrow  hello first weekend back!
sleep? yessssss  fun tomorrow  : ]
whoaaaaaa      : ]
getting ready  lovely bones  walmart  wing night  homework  cool 
good weekend : ]  now back to classes   
today would be a great day to sleep in and relax  too bad 
<propfirst> smith tonight at legends!!! come out and have some fun!
needs a vacation 
wants it to be warm so she can go mud sliding 
of course   
crossroads  then wey to work on my audio production project until 11  then sleeeeeep after a long long day 
stuff  noun tonight at legends! its gonna be amazingggg!
procrastination is never good 
is not excited for the snow thats gonna trap me in boone  why is summer so far away????
"how to get $10,000 in 2 years? hmmm    "
i just wanted him to die    is that so much to ask for?? - <propfirst> armstrong
one love  one heart  let's get together and feel all right
of course once i get ready and start walking to class is when classes are canceled 
"dear app, please please please pleaseeeee cancel all classes tomorrow  i do not wanna take my test at 2 "
"   \the hammer is my penis \"""""
please cancel classesssssss    
no classes  thank you thank you  now back to sleep  : ]
four people tonight at legends!!!! come and enjoy a great show!
there are times in my life when i would really love to strangle people  but that wouldnt be nice 
atlanta for the weekend? yessssss 
atlanta was a no go    at elon instead 
back to being a college student  i cannot wait until the weekend 
i wish i could just move to la right now   too bad im poor 
cannot wait until the weekend  im gonna make it awesome 
its always when i walk all the way across campus when they decide to cancel classes    now back to sleep 
you can sit beside me when the world comes down 
hmmm   decisions decisions 
hands  touching hands  reaching out  touching me  touching youuuuu  ohh    
wishes she was home with april tompkins! soon enough   
such a great day  i love sunshine 
my bed looks so nice right now   
"at your age, you're going to have a lot of urges  you're going to want to take off your clothes, and touch each other  but if you do touch each other, you will get chlamydia    and die "
is really tired of snow 
disney volunteer day!!!!!
crap   i cant find my itouch 
just 5 more days   
"thankfully i will be in florida in a few days, away from all this snowww  : ]"
"if you have a talent, and i know you do, sign up for apps got talent!! a <propmale> to win $500? its worth it!"
one more day until disneyyyyy  & because <propfirst> made me do it    http annoyed  www formspring me scuilettios
spring breaaakkkkkk! florida tomorrow and disney worlddddd the rest of the week! thank you for the sunshine 
wants to go back to florida! there is no sun in boone   
i really miss disney  and i do not wanna go back to classes tomorrow 
if only i could go home this weekend! oh well  2 weeks!
here comes the sun!
street clean up with apps then the blind side at 7!
that's my son! that's my boy!
homework  shower  reading the last song  then sleep 
cant wait to go home 
<propmale> sees in color tonight at legends!!! come see an amazing show!
jsic was great tonight! now i shall relax and sleep after a long day 
one weeeeekkkkk!! so excited to go home 
goooooood night : ] !!
"control your poison babe, roses have thorns they say & we're all getting hosed tonight, oh oh oh ohhhh "
this is gonna be a crazy horrible week  but then finally going to connecticut after way too long!! : ]
battle of the bands tonight at legends!! come see some amazing bands : ]
sleeping as long as possible   and is heading home very very soon!
: [  im not allowed to go home today after all  grrr 
made it to va finally  spending the night at jmu and then heading home early in the morning : ]!!!
is finally home! : ]
loves being home and is loving this beautiful weather : ]
happy easter! : ]
baseball season has finally begun : ]   go yankees!!
one more day at home   and it shall be amazing : ]
just auditioned for glee  and now must get a little sleep  then driving 12 hours straight to get back to boone tomorrow  lets hope i succeed with everything   
made it back to boone : ]  go give me a gold <propfemale> for my glee audition!!
<propmale> wand tonight at farthing!! come get hypnotized or just watch a great show!
do it to <propfemale> tomorrow night at legends!! make sure to swing by and have an amazing time   : ]
do it to <propfemale>! tonight at legends  it will be amazing so dont miss out!
project  do it to <propfemale>!!! project all night  then project presentation  the weekend is sooo close : ]
not feeling too well   but wont be getting any sleep  i cannot wait until the weekend 
finally has time to relax and then have some fun!
spring fling justice bash tomorrow on duck pond field!! you dont wanna miss out on awesome fun! and then head over to the wailers at legends!! its gonna be a good day : ]
today was a good day 
"has anyone done an internship through appstate? or know anyone who has? if so, just write me somehow!"
"\i killed you in my dream last night   i didn't mean to though!\"" - <propfirst> armstrong"""
it is not okay to start having dreams about audio production     why does summer seem so far away?
interviewing people  classes  meetings  then glee !
this week has been crazy  i cannot wait until friday night!!!
"apps got talent tonight at legends!!! it will be amazing, don't miss out "
good night  and goodnight : ]
i wish i could sit out in the sun today  but ill be too busy : [
tomorrow day will suck  but tomorrow night will be fantastic 
camping tonight!! rock2raise all day tomorrow! : ] its gonna be a good weekend 
good day   but i feel that sleep is needed now 
such a good weekend  and now comes the end of the semester workload  rawr 
apps end of the semester social tonight! : ]
yep 
glee 
summer is soooo close   
koncepts tonight with some cool people : ]
tomorrow is gonna be amazing  and summer is getting so close! i cannot wait 
"is a really bad student    the thing is, i dont really care anymore "
tonight's gonna be a good night : ]
i have officially danced with an nfl player  : ] my life is good 
wants the sun to come back 
some fun  some studying  this week will suck but then summer is so close!
"is trying so hard not to be distracted from studying, but its not working at all   "
"oh brain, i love when you decide to go blank in the middle of an exam  you know how to make me feel smart   "
this is the worst week to get sick  blah 
oh im gonna love all the sleep ill be getting tonight 
<propfirst> alvarado and anoop desai tonight at legends! celebrate the end of classes with a great show! : ]
great last show of the year : ]  now off to get rid of this sickness   
not excited for exams starting tomorrow    
the next 2 days are gonna be crazy  and i might just go crazy 
"whoever thought having an exam on saturday was fine needs to be stabbed in the kidney  i wanna have fun, not study all night "
just one more exam on monday and i am freee  yay summer!
one more exam 
is done with sophomore year of college  this is crazy 
listening to disney music and packing  then heading halfway home tonight   be back in ct tomorrow!!
finally made it to va   i hate traffic  back to ct tomorrowwww!! hello summer 
back in ct   summer has finally begun : ] now to get rid of this sickness ive had for over a week   
kinda misses boone a little bit  and cant wait for her app state loves to come visit!!!
congrats to all appstate graduates! and happy mother's day!!
