c6a03eb4448d91497ccc5f1e6611579a
so not a fan of dentists sad 
woo hoo stay-cation lol!! 8 days off and hubby's birthday tomorrow smile 
happy 26th birthday to my hubby smile 
birthday girl smile 
"had a great birthday smile   breakfast in bed, went to the <propfirst>'s <propmale> museum in baltimore, and dinner and cake with my hubby and mom smile   thank you all for your birthday wishes!  love you guys!"
"making a best of <propmale> matthews cd for work smile   well, it's going to be a 2 disc collection    i just can't narrow it down to 1 smile "
i sooooo hate yacky bitches that talk through movies!  people don't pay $10 to hear your lame ass comments!
"<propfirst>, you really will be missed <propmale> sad "
happy thanksgiving smile 
snow!! smile 
first wedding anniversary tomorrow smile 
spending the day out and about with hubby! 1 year today love 
spent the day snowed in with hubby watching christmas movies smile 
aw poor <propfemale> murphy sad 
<propfemale> christmas!
2011    jeez    i'm getting old 
woke up at 4 smile 0 in so much pain    guess who gets to go back to the dentist to find out why her jaw is still jacked up!?!?  me!  oh goodie annoyed 
i soooo need some new good music in my life!
watching some movies with hubby then bed smile 
doing some stuff with moosh then girls night tonight!!!
woo hoo!  i love snow long long time smile 
fingers crossed that it snows enough to close the bank early!!!
am i lucky enough to get another snow day from the bank tomorrow!?!?!?
of course i have a cold    it was only a matter of time 
i may actually be one of the few people in md that is still stoked about snow lol
spending time with the besty smile 
bringing back 1995 with some jagged little pill lol
feeling huffy lol
"just had to wake up my husband to deal with a spider-in-a-tissue-box situation    did you know they like puffs plus?  yeah, neither did i   and now i'm itchy    i hate spiders!"
i so need another day off    damn you monday for coming so soon!
i've got to say    i'm pretty stoked about my 3 day weekend coming up!
quiet night in   
"our whole universe was in a hot dense state, then nearly fourteen billion years ago e playful ansion started  wait    the earth began to cool, the autotrophs began to drool, neanderthals developed tools, we built a wall (we built the pyramids), math, science, history, unraveling the mysteries, that all started with the big bang, bang!"
soooooo not a fan of this f-ing heat!
must     sleep    zzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzz
just getting into nyc with <propfemale> and <propfemale>!
on the train back to jersey and back to my car from the big apple with my girls! great day!!
wtf    why are old people in crap cars gunning for me today?! i had one almost side swipe me and one almost t-boned me!
doin' the daily grind thing
watching lovely bones    so far    i don't know how to feel about it   
mine and hubby's 1st attempt at making hoecakes    so far so good    though there was a slight dispute over the cooking directions lol
rah rah ah ah aahhh <propfemale> ro <propfemale> <propfemale> ga ga ooh la la
what do tigers dream of when the take a tiger snooze   
worst headache ever    probably work related 
can someone e playful lain to me why it is gnats feel the need to come into my apt and fly as close to my face as possible?
it must be exhausting having those 2 faces!
i desperately need a vacation    anyone care to fund it for me smile 
coloring <propfemale>'s hair    oh this could end badly lol
oh so sleepy
"why is it, no matter what i do to prevent it, mondays always come after sundays?"
"so, as it turns out, throwing a mostly empty water bottle when you're angry can do more damage than you think    rip picture frame, you will be missed lol"
movies with the hubbers smile 
spending time with my twin    my weekend ritual smile 
ugh    so not ready to go back to work!
"\a kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous\"" - <propfemale> bergman"""
"there is a demonic, fast as shit, flying unknown sort of bug in my apt and i can't find it to kill it!"
"sarah: \have you ever heard of alcohol goggles?\""\",c6a03eb444 laugh 91497ccc5f1e6611579a,watching sex and the city    this show never gets old smile 
gotta love it when a doctor isn't really sure whats wrong with you 
"i would like, very much, to fast forward to the end of july so i could be on vacation, please and thank you "
"i like most liquor but i don't like gin, don't always like the skin i'm in but when i get it wrong gotta start again still i love the way you love me baby "
"\ i want to get a bumper sticker that says 'i heart not knowing what people heart'  \"" - mom"""
i'm sooooo not ready to go back to work tomorrow!!
oh    good    small grease fire in the kitchen    that'll get your heart goin'!
so    i know i'm way late with the times but    i'm totally in love with netflix on our xbox!
3 girls + atlantic city + <propfemale> griffin + sonic = one hell of a good time lol
"aahh    stay-cation, how i love thee "
i love <propfirst> izzard long long time smile 
headed to va for some family time smile 
i'm kind of curious what the melting temperature of gummie bears is  some melted in a bag (by some stroke of luck) in my car 
is it too early to be ready for my next vacation?
i'm not ready to go back to work!  i need more sleeping in time    sleep and i used to be so close and now i feel like we don't get any quality time at all anymore 
jamming out to some blues traveler and <propmale> matthews at work
loony's for the game with <propfirst> and <propfemale>!
"great night! football, drinks, dancing and walking home from the bar lol loved it!"
"looking like tomorrow is going to be a pretty good day   for starters i have off, then it's loony's for the game with some good people "
feels like i'm coming down with another summer cold    this is a little nuts even for me!
"dear 924, i hate you and your 800 traffic lights that i always seem to get red  i just want to get 2 <propmale> down the road in less than 30 mins  i don't feel like this is a lot to ask and i would love it if you would work on that  thanks "
why do bugs wait until <propfirst> is out of town to try to break into my apt?  i've had to do battle with the same stupid bug twice!
"so, i just tried to watch letters to <propfemale> and i kept finding myself in other rooms and doing other things   i guess it couldn't hold my attention    damn add lol"
"so, there was a mouse in the branch today    when i saw it i screamed    just a lil' bit  it was very maid from <propmale> and <propfirst> of me"
"today has to be better than yesterday, right"
good day to be a ravens fan!!!
so tempted to crawl back under the covers 
if it weren't for bad luck i would have no luck at all
f-ing mondays 
today is a perfect day to stay home curled up under the blankets    too bad i had to go to work annoyed 
"i'm not sure that there is enough coffee in the world to wake me\up today "
something i learned today    catching your ipod that your husband drops to you from your 3rd floor apartment hurts more than you would e playful ect 
it's waaaay too early for me to be this tired    i'm getting old 
i need coffee!
doggie play date and carving pumpkins at <propfemale> and eric's laugh 
happy halloween!
"i hate mondays  thus, i'm no longer going to observe them  and seeing the potential for tuesdays to take monday's spot, i'm going to be proactive and cut them out of my week as well "
ugh   
yeay! stay-cation    you came back! you do love me!!
"soft <propfemale>, warm <propfemale>, little ball of fur   "
heading to dc with the hubby to get our tourist on for my birthday smile 
"thank you, everyone for the birthday wishes! i hada great 27th smile "
watching phantom tollbooth    oh yes    on vhs lol i'm going all kindsof retro!
am i the only one that thinks it's funny that avatar and ferngully are on hbo ondemand?
happy turkey day!
i'm pretty stoked about getting to sleep in tomorrow smile   (happy now <propfirst>? i updated it!)
"watching a <propfirst> brown christmas, drinking a hot cup of swiss miss, and the tree is decoratedand lit     bring it <propfemale>!"
i'm so not ready to get out of bed 
"can anyone else believe <propfirst> and i have been married for 2 years today? i love you, <propfirst>, so much "
dentist at 2    i have a feeling there is bad news in my future lol
i keep forgetting that yield means floor it  how silly of me 
"i think i should get an \i'm too tired to function\"" day off work today """
yeay! snow!!
"damn you morning  you've come too soon, yet again  we've had talks about this "
come on ravens!
pretty stoked to have tomorrow off    not gonna lie 
feeling like i kicked some butt on the tredmill today! off to a good start for 2011 smile 
ugh    i miss snow days 
i officially hate football 
i just watched inception with <propfirst>    we're both confused  and that movie stressed me out!
"i just found my camera that we lost over a year ago! as it turns out the couch hardcore ate it (i tore the couch apart a dozen times looking for it and never found it)  so, in turn,we've lost the dvd remote  naturally "
holding my breath for a snow day!
"well, my hopes for getting tomorrow off have been dashed  it's stopped snowing and the cloud cover is clearing away   -=sigh=-"
i don't think i will ever be able to say that i've read all the books i own lol  i've started reading them all but i've only finished about 1 2  damn add 
"sooo, i wasn't sure if i really wanted to see \just go with it\"" buuuuut i just found out <propmale> matthews is in it    i'll be the first in line now lol"""
"gotta love wa<propmale> up on you day off wedged between your two dogs who ave, somehow, managed to take up 80% of a <propmale> sized bed leaving you twisted and contorted in the middle "
"oh glee, how i love thee   "
damn mondays    double damn monday morning meetings
"\inconceivable!\"""""
totally underestimated how hard yoga is 
correction  it is yoga and pilates combined and it kicked my ass 
great valentines day smile 
hooray for glee smile 
i think wednesdays should be bank holidays    that would work for me smile 
pilates done: check  took dogs for a nice long walk even though the weather is crap: check  almost too pooped to go grocery shopping: check 
i might be the only person thats still excited for snow smile 
not a good day    not even a little bit 
good times are always had when dear heart care bear and cuppy go out lol
ugh    i need more sleep 
<propfirst> and i just watched jackass 3    possibly one of the funniest and grossest things i've ever seen!
slainte!
"a schooner is a sailboat, stupidhead!"
"i don't know how i do the things i do  when trying to put the front screen back on my fan, which i didn't turn off before doing so, my hand slipped and i jammed my thumb right into the spinning blades "
banana
love date nights with the hubbers smile 
