3f173f5e7885599980d5e64f4529cc7b
great weekend and an bcs bowl win   2011 should be a good one 
just trying to get this facebook thing going again
just got in from work and working out not too long ago   still bummed that work has started back 
cowboys moving on   how bout them cowboys
the cowboys lost     life officailly sucks til next football season 
bored    just really bored 
just got back from the dentist   just chillin till its time to get on the bus to go to plainview to watch basketball 
t-rex doesn't want to be fed he wants to hunt 
"bout to go play some roundball   my only question is if so many people are getting together to play roundball, why are we not moving it outside to play football??????"
either we all go home or nobody goes home!!!!!!!
<propfirst> rice's cheese dip should have its own food group   best cheese dip ever 
pumped about dfw football clinic 
just call me uncle <propfirst>
having an awesome day chilling at home   taking advantage of the day off 
just got back from the <propmale> clinic   chilling at the house 
loved the 60 degree weather today   hopefully the rain will pass us this weekend so we can get some paintball in 
just got done cleaning my house   laying around before i gotta go get some roundball in 
i havent watched any of the olympics but i do know that the usa is winning   fuck the rest of the world   usa!  usa! usa!
"all this talk bout the killer whale going crazy and killing the trainer     pretty sure the orca didnt go crazy, it went killer whale   hence the name killer whale   is anyone really that suprised?  moral to the story    don't mess with animals that can eat you!!!!!"
"for those of you that don't like to take chances, a good friend once told me that if you want to get to the fruit, you gotta go out on a limb "
tired of the rain    need some good weather 
is it bad that i was just watching a show where sharks were feeding on chum and i got hungry?
wow im bored  nothing to do 
im tired of being sick!!!!  i must have aids or something cuz ever since i started teaching my immune system has gone to crap   maybe i need a change of climate   i'm going to live with shardae in florida     and she doesn't even know it yet 
cant believe i didnt get to play golf today   long story but masters classes are overrated 
just getting everything ready for the padre trip 
if peeing your pants is cool then consider me <propmale> <propmale> 
"im ready for the weekend    and yes, its only monday "
 dont ever try and out smart your common sense
cellarmans was just like old times   great time last night 
happy easter everyone   football today at coalgate at 2 smile 0 
had about 12 people say they wanted to play football last night and only 5 show up today   maybe coalgate forgot how to show up for football   might e playful lain the last few boggy bottom bowls 
"almost done with all my yard work   just got to week eat, clean my porch, and set up the fire pit "
just got done working calves   you cant help but feel like a badass when you're flipping them until one kicks the shit out of you and brings you back down to earth 
"if ifs, ands, and buts were <propfemale> and nuts, it would be <propfirst> woods everyday "
red white game was a blast!  got to watch some football and hit up some great bars   plus we were in god's country which is always a blast   boomer sooner!
"it's that magical time of year again    germanfest!!!!  hey <propmale>, start practicing your chicken dance "
does it seem weird to anyone else that apparently it's ok to take prayer out of school but you get crucified if you say anything negative about <propmale> tebow?  yeah     kinda makes you think 
had a great time at germanfest   already cant wait till next year 
spent two hours on a mower and im still not done   i hate my yard 
"im not going to lie to you, this is going to get weird      two dragons "
"im in a deep arguement   which show is better, according to <propmale> or seinfeld   cast your vote now "
"looking forward to the ufc fights tonight   also, seinfeld won the competition   thanks to all who voted "
"tornados everywhere   looks like ima hafta go throw a bottle of <propfirst> daniels into one and yell \here!  have a drink!\""  i bet the bottle wont even touch the ground """
getting ready to head to durant for the graduation party   gonna be a good night 
great weekend   colleges should have graduations more often 
another sunday night and another end of the weekend depression 
the teams have been chosen for the first ever atoka maroon-white game   lets go team white 
great maroon-white game   had a lot of fun 
wow ive got a killer headache   the tylonol bottle says take 2   better play it safe and make it 8 
"mow the yard or burn it all down      decisions, decisions "
eufaula was a blast   cross canadian put on a great show 
summer camps are over   we got to see a lot of good things   time to enjoy the summer 
feels good to get the lawn mowed   one less thing to worry about 
bout to head to durant for a 7-on-7 football game   not much an oline-dline guy can do but their fun to watch 
cellarmans tonight!!!!  lets get saur on some krauts!
"if it is true that life's a dance and you learn as you go, which dance would you say is your life?  lets get philosophical "
gotta hit a quick nap then head to robbers cave 
some days i want to be like jesus but others i want to be <propfirst> <propfirst> 
"wow!  <propmale> got knocked out with 5 seconds left in the first round   i think it's about time he retires   on a side note, i wasn't real impressed with the other fights on the card   just my opinion "
ou is in the college world series!!!!! boomer sooner!!!1
"if a tie is like kissing your sister, does that make soccer players and fans in-bred?"
congrats to <propfirst> young for becoming the all time rangers hits leader 
anyone interested in a <propfirst> deere riding lawn mower?  good condition   300 bucks 
ive never been so excited about a basketball game as i was tonight   it signaled the end of basketball season!!!!  thank you god!!!!!
my grandparents went camping at eufaula and they didn't leave any food up here!!! noooooo!!!!
"great time tonight   <propfirst> restored my faith in the 80s   yo cheese, plug me in!!!"
r i p   mj????  <propfirst> <propfirst> died?  i thought he was in good health   oh wait   yall are all talking about the weird pedifile that died his skin white   my bad 
metal shop just melted my face off   i had a blast   i might not be able to hear for a week 
ghostbusters is on   he's an ugly lil spud isnt he?
why didnt you tell me you were a demon from hell?  wild thing!!!!
pumped about watching ufc 116   lets go lesnar!!!!
lesnar is still the heavyweight champ!!!!  no one beats the beast!!!
come and kneel before zod      zod!!!!!!!!
congrats atoka for winning the oklahoma 7-on-7 state championship 
i believe     the worst football halftime show is still more entertaining than a soccer game 
first the cinemark in <propmale> doesn't show predators at midnight last thursday and now the cinemark in <propfemale> isn't showing predators at all   i think it's a conspiracy 
metal shop melted my face off   completely different sets than last time   rocking it 80s style 
lazy sunday night   nothing good comes of boredom 
when is football season going to be here?  i dont understand these sports that use round balls 
"when you babies in your cribs your fathers looked down on you in hopes that one day his son would become a man   well look at you now   you just got your asses whipped by a bunch of gosh damn nerds    nerds!!!!  well if i was you i'de do something about it   i would redeem myself in the eyes of my father, my maker, and my coach!  well what are we waiting for?  lets get those nerds!  nerds!!!!!!!!"
bout to hafta go haul some square bails   number 1-who bails square bails anymore? number 2-didnt they used to make high school kids that needed money for jobs like this?
so im in the barber shop today and a woman is in there with her kid and she told the barber that she doesnt let her kid go outside during the day because it is too hot       people like this are what's wrong with <propfemale>   i say make every kid stay outside when its hot and when they come in they only get channel 10 and 12 and when the president comes on they are screwed 
had to get a new phone   lost all my <propfirst>   please text me 
one more big assignment before my masters classes are over for the summer   i would go ahead and get it done right now but procrastination is more my style 
im pretty sure <propfirst> the exterminator just said that it is a well known fact that snakes hate garlic   he must be hanging out with <propmale> from the hangover with info like that 
shark week!!!!!!
i just saw the commercial for the new halo game   it almost saddens me to think of all the time that people are going to waste with that game 
wow i found the boggy bottom bowl film from year 2000   there's 12 men on the field!!!  a win is a win hahahahahaha 
"so i am pretty sure <propmale> heck just compared a guy that refuses to speak english to one of the greatest american heros ever, <propmale> balboa "
wow the boys of fall video is deep   the part when the coach says that the town lives bicariously through them reminds me of when the wrangler plant shut down and <propfirst> said that to us 
apparently some boxer named tonney is going to cross over to the ufc to fight captain <propfemale> himself <propfirst> couture   some one needs to remind the boxing community that these colors dont run 
is football really back?????  yep!
time to go back to work   see ya summer 
"if you have never given a dog a listerine strip, do it   it is hilarious "
look up full metal jacket <propfemale> wars on youtube   vader has the drill sergent's voice   it is hilarious 
it's sunday and i'm up early enough   might as well go get right with the lord 
"i love all these people that come on here and put inspirational posts   a personal fave of mine is when life gives you lemons, screw it, and bail   now thats a saying, and it's realistic "
all that's left is his boot     where's the foot?!!!!
i cant believe the first scrim of the year is tomorrow   somewhere the echoes are waking back up 
please let it rain    untill i get tired of the rain then let the sun shine    untill i get tired of the sun then let it rain again    then let it get cold cause it is too hot    then when im tired of the cold let it get warm again   anyone else wish they could control the weather 
did anyone watch pros vs joes tonight?  how horrible is <propfirst> vick?  why is he still in the nfl?
ufc tonight   should be a good one 
just killed the oppossum that had been eating my dog's food   with its head hanging half way off its entire body started twitching   the only logical e playful lanation for this was that it was turning into a zombie   i quickly blew body to shreds to avoid the spread of the disease 
"the boys of fall documentary is amazing   if you played football and you didnt enjoy it, you never deserved to wear the shoulder pads and helmet "
wasnt the prettiest game in the world but a win is a win   time to focus on the b3 
may zanzia and kissmyanzia fight as one   let us gingerly touch our tips 
i just watched the video to disturbed-indestructible and it got me jacked up   cry havok and let slip the dogs of war 
good win for atoka in the boggy bottom bowl now time to prepare for antlers 
theres only one oklahoma!  great game ou
did anyone see the mix of to and ochocinco soundbytes   i cant help but hope that <propfirst> <propfirst> destroys both of them   if <propmale> <propmale> is smart he will he will throw to shipley and gresham 
"cant complain about the call at the end of the game   <propmale> never turned the offense loose and dez <propmale> is not their best reciever   get the ball in wittens, jones, and austins hands   tashard choice should never touch the field   great job defense "
glad to get home and relax a little bit   i hate painting the field 
good win tonight over antlers   always nice going into districts on a high note 
how bout osu dorms are apparently infested with bed bugs   it suprises me that people are suprised about this   i've always seen stillwater as a filthy town   the river of slime runs underneath stillwater   vigo lives!!!
one is one too many and one more is never enough 
there is no such thing as a good morning but i suppose everyone is entitled to their opinion 
"have you ever been laying on your couch at night and imagined what if there was some big foot like thing standing in the window starring at you?  and yes, it has red eyes   i just freaked myself out   big gulp!!!!!"
time for ou to show why they are the modern <propfemale>'s all time winningest program   boomer sooner!!!!
haha!!!!  boomer     sooner!!!!    texas    sucks!!!!
im the jay-z of jingles but i cant get any work 
either we all go home or nobody goes home!!!!!
great job rangers   lets keep it going 
is being a guido kind of like being a zombie?  if you are bitten will you turn into one?
great job rangers   now gotta finish 
"big win for the rangers   up 3-1 with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> left   i like their odds to finish it "
great bonfire last night   it was like the heavens parted and god said let there be fire 
"ou loses, the cowboys suck, and lesnar loses   thank god for the rangers cuz they're all i got "
ou put a damper on things but other than that good weekend   lets keep the good times rolling and make every day better than the last 
"great halloween party last night   from what i hear it was good times in durant, <propmale>, and new orleans also   if you just stayed home, you might want to make sure you still have a pulse "
mcrib is back!!!!!
cards are on the table and the bullets are in the gun 
"why wouldn't you send the bigger, stronger gresham over the middle   they knew shipley was prolly going to take a shot from a safety and linebacker     i'm not going to lie though, it did put a smile on my face to see an ex-longhorn get smashed "
why would you think i would do things just to do them like grind my feeet on some one's couch?  i got more sense than that    yeah i grinded my feet on <propfirst>'s coach 
you can't live today worrying about tomorrow 
lets go sooners   get back on track today   big home game 
where i come from the red river flows in favor of the sooners 
is it lightning in <propfirst>?  nope that's just finch 
is the fact that it is getting dark at 5 smile 0 killing anyone else?  i miss the daylight 
awesome concert last night 
good win for the sooners last night   bout time they had a dominating performance on the road   now to take care of that other school from oklahoma   orange makes me puke 
happy thanksgiving
another great turkey bowl in the books   a lot of people backed out because they thought it was too rainy and cold   the sun came out and the wind died down   great game 
time for the yearly beatdown of oklahoma state
"bedlam champs   lets be honest, no one wanted to see osu in the last big 12 championship   this is the way it should be   oklahoma-nebraska   the bottom line is that the game could have gone either way but ou just knows how to win   sign of a great program   same cant be said for osu   now resume your role as that other team from oklahom and that other team from the big 12 that wears orange   boomer sooner!"
boomer sooner!!!!  it's time for the most dominant team in big 12 history to finish as champions 
and the greatest school in big 12 history takes their rightful spots as champions once again 
finally got enrolled for the spring semester   i'm ready to get this masters knocked out 
got to watch the class a title game last night   was class a that bad back when we played?
"really miami?  you fire <propfirst> <propfirst> so you can hire <propmale> <propfemale>, <propfemale>'s ex-coach?  i'm no fortune teller but i don't see a national championship in their immediate future "
working for the weekend   it cant get here fast enough 
christmas break!!!!  much needed time off 
rome wasnt built in a day and neither was your body   p90x
great job louisville!!!
i've got all day to do about 5 minutes of work and there is a good <propmale> i will put it off until tomorrow   in no way is the depressing 
"how many of you people actually laugh out loud when you type \lol\""?  fact of the matter is that the term \""lol\"" makes you a liar because none of you are actually laughing """
good holliday game at the swamp   great turnout   time for some recooporation 
the truth will set you free but first it's going to really piss you off 
"wow <propfirst> gundy, first you're upset about you players dumping gatorade on you after a bowl win and then you say that blackmon and weeden shouldnt go pro?  blackmon would prolly be the first wr taken and weeden is like 30 so the window has to be closing   piece of crap and selfish   couple of reasons why an alamo bowl victory is about as good as they will ever do "
thanks for the birthday wishes everybody   i really appreciate it 
"you got us involved when you brought us here, <propmale> "
broyles and <propfirst> coming back   boomer sooner
i'm digging the snow   it would be nice if it would start sticking tho 
"no work tomorrow!!!!  remember everyone, dont eat the yellow snow "
"gotta love p90x   just mother sky, father earth, and dear old uncle <propfirst> "
i'm torn   i hate oregon and i also hate the sec   i guess technically since i hate aurburn's conference and not them i am going for them   more importantly i want this to stay a good game 
"who to go for, the jets or the cheeseheads?  hmmmmm?"
sitting in class at ecu till 7 tonight   jealous????  you know you are 
all is once again right with world 
why cant life be like animal house?  i just want to listen to <propfirst> <propfirst> and headbut people 
"it's the last call, it's too far to crawl, now help me to my feet "
gearing up for the dfw football clinic   should be a good weekend 
100 dollar reebok zigs for just 60???  gotta get me some of that 
working the atoka-coalgate 8th grade concession stand  better prices than schwanns  why buy from <propmale> when u can buy from the best?
schwanns uses babies 4 their meat 
ice ice baby   loving the weather!
"it aint hip 2 sing about tractors, trucks, little towns, or mama  yeah that mite b true  but this is country music and we do "
i need to get out of coalgate   anyone know how highway 69 is between atoka and durant?
<propmale> cook in <propfirst> saturday night! u dont even know!
sometimes you gotta dance with the devil and cry with the saints 
could i get a dissability claim for restless leg syndrome?
<propmale> cook is cracking my shit up!
<propmale> cook just brought down the house  better than any special of his ive ever seen on hbo or comedy central 
wow  horrible halftime show 
"good game, good commercials, good job green bay "
it's hard always being right 
why cant things b like they were in the 80s? used 2 u could start a montage and b done with anything in 10 minutes 
it doesnt matter how many times u tell some old war stories  some things just transcend time 
"<propfirst>, there are many fish in the sea but ur the only one i would like 2 mount over my fireplace "
loving this weather   can't wait to bust out the flip flops and shades and hit a few rounds of golf 
i have no idea wha this guy is talking about   when i pass this class i will prove that it is pointless 
this guy is talking about business ethics   i would prefer burning dog feces and the human response 
i've been in this class for 1 5 hours and the only thing i've gotten out of this is that the teacher is an ou fan and he disslikes guidos 
"<propfirst> mcculley, <propfirst> ditka, and <propmale> knight should have their own radio show "
what? u think im going 2 paddle 2 new zealand?
best day ive had off the tee  gotta get better at the short game  its not that i cant use the pitching wedge  i just currently struggle with 
<propfirst> strait is the best country singer around and he was in pure country  his name was <propfirst>  coincidence? i think not 
some one had my phone 
red dirt mardi gras was a blast  fire marshal shut us out even tho we had tix so we jumped the fence  definately 1 to remember 
class again   let the boredom begin!
did anyone see on the news where texas is going 2 start letting mexico use <propmale> as their capital cuz the cartel is getting so bad?
im still sweating   the shower didnt take!
fuzion frenzy
introduce yourself
wow it was hard 2 get up this morning  its part of the job of making these kids better people 
did anyone see the <propfirst> griffin mix on sportsnation? the guys a freak 
im no stranger 2 hard work  ive seen it done 
this professor needs to start talking in true false   i'm better with true false 
"i dont care if <propfirst> sheen is insane, he's still hilarious "
anybody that wears their jeans tucked in2 their boots 4 fashion deserve 4 <propfirst> <propmale> 2 come back 2 life and punch them in the face 
with so much drama in the lbc its kinda hard being snoop d-o-double g 
the altercation between <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst> ventura proved that osu was born 2 have the crap beat out of them 
"if you dont have any songs by the loney island, download some now!"
exceptional my ass 
we had a pact!
warrior dash!!!  keep your blades sharp and your wits sharper 
i am one of those braves 
"if ur one of those people that drive 40 in a 70, it's not that i want u to die, i just dont want u around anymore "
you look like a pirate 
"dont let anyone censor you, <propfirst>  i never miss the 50 year storm "
about 12 hours and we are heading to colorado   not looking forward to the drive but cant wait to break my leg skiing   lol 
you will not win cuz i will not lose 
almost to albuquerque           winning 
wow skiing is hard  im not as bad as i e playful ected i would be tho 
"hey  aeroesmith  3 weeks  front row seat, baby "
i literally think i could throw up and it would make a better state than new mexico
well the yogurt verdict is in 
kid cradick in the morning just referred to a girls arm pit hair as buckwheat in a head lock  i almost wrecked from laughing so hard 
have you ever heard the saying 'if these walls could talk'? i wonder how many people's houses would still be standing if their walls could talk 
whats a good name 4 a boat?
<propfirst> smith just said this   'i dont want 2 be a man  i want 2 be a coward  life's easier that way '
i hate driving behind logging trucks  i feel like some final destination stuff is about to happen 
just got stung on the bottom of the foot by a red wasp   i'm pretty sure i came up with new combinations of words that i didn't even know that i knew 
do you ever take a nap that feels so long that you wake up wondering what year it is?
what would be the worst ringtone ever to go off in the middle of church?
rangers! thats how you defend the <propmale> title  great job 
learned how to tie my own tie tonight  only took about an hour 
any animal that ur not suppose to feed after midnight and cant get wet does not make a good pet 
kinsler!!!!!
would other awards shows put kids with dissabilities up on stage and let them perform? prolly not but this is country music and we do  that was pretty cool 
the new dq commercials are awesome 
