e686e16178486022be380ff5dafe23f3
so should i wear green or pink
i'm so bored
omg i ate too much! i feel like i'm going to e playful lode
"hey we have a razor study is an in home study so basically u come pick up a razor on june 28 an use it for 3 weeks, than\u come an pick it another one on july 19 and then u come an drop it off on august 9 an get paid $150 dollars"
"woohoo i just finish dancing by myself at home, time for a shower     ah ke <propmale>"
omg it's so fucking hot!!!!!
"dennys biscuits and gravy are a-w-e-s-o-m-e, i woke up this morning and farted jajajjajajajja"
i'm so tired and j don't wanna work tomorrow
"well time to go to sleep because it's monday, i hate monday"
"i am lactose intolerant, that e playful lains a lot!!!!"
so happy for new iphone 4!! video calling!! that's right video calling!!!! woohoo can't wait for it to come out!!!!
i'm bored here at work!!!!!!
"i'm so tired, and don't even know why i slept all day til 12      i need a redbull"
"watching <propfirst> springer, and eating watermelon, why is it call watermelon????"
on my way to work! yaaaaaay! ugh!
"i don't wanna work today!!!! but need to so i can buy my new iphone, why did god created money, ugh!"
true blood season 3 is on!!!!!!!!!
"i hate cell phone companies        i can't upgrade to iphone 4 because i don't qualify to upgrade yet, but if i want to upgrade i have to pay double than a new customer that's is bs"
spank my monkey!!!!
"mmmmm i just finish my oatmeal, yummmy for my tummy  smile "
i want a puppy!!!
this week i'm busting my ass off at work 68 hours by the end of tomorrow      iphone here i come!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ugh back to work today, oh well, hope it will be a good week!"
what are we going to do today?????
"came to see the last airbender with my lil brother, and they put us in the smallest theatre, and oversold the tickets, but we got good seats! yaaaaaaaaaaay!"
woooo hooooo it's thursday!!!!!!!!! and tomorrow is friday!!!!!!! and then saturday!!!!!!! and so on       
yaaaaaay it's friday!!!!! it's parrttty time       i'm gonna do waka waka dance
"     i'm not a hooker, that was a long, long time ago    "
so far it has been a very relaxing weekend
for the first time i feel wicked        
coke whore!!!!!
grab my monkey       
some people should be more careful of what they post on fb or if u are going to talk shit about them on fb don't add them to your friend list      dumb people!
hakunah matata      
rainbows are god's way of reminding gay people of how beautiful they are 
"i'm officially atheist     yes, freedom!!!!"
i have a feeling today is going to be a good day
"house shopping is so tiring, i wouldn't think it would be so hard to find a house that i like and meets all my e playful ectations     can't wait to find my home"
house shopping is postponed til sept 1st well at least that's when we can make an offer!!!! this sucks i want a new house now!!!
omg! i can't believe i'm doing this    
"house  hunting today, some of them look very promising    "
yaaay new house!!!!!
i want to go to six flags
i'm selling my wii who wants it make me an offer is fully equipped and 14 games
i hate mondays
"my baby <propmale> is gone, how sad     "
this is a nightmare!!!!
can't wait to for this weekend to get here!!  and be in the new house all set up
i'm glad in off tomorrow yaaay
getting ready for <propfemale> cho show!!!! i'm so excited!!!!! thank u baby!!!!
<propfemale> cho was awesome!!!!
first friday sound fun
i just watched the movie let me in     i went with low e playful ectations and turned out to be  good movie i'll give 3 75 out of 5 stars lol
kickback party at my house on saturday     yaaay! im turning 21 again!!!!
i like it on top of the tv
"which jersey shore character are you? -- my result: <propfemale> \j-woww\""  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 478354 referrals status?aid=1298153587"""
feliz <propfemale> de la raza!!!!!!!!!
im officially 23!!! yaaaay
good morning boys and girls of facebook!!!!!!!
love this weather
chicken fried rice
"took a 15 minute nap, woke up and it had snowed in the leaving room (my pup love to take the cotton out of her toys) "
paranormal activity 2! who wants to go!!!!!!!!!
"   2 for <propfirst> coco, you go <propfirst> coco, and none for <propfemale>     "
so hard to find a good roomate
    i wish i could bake a cake with rainbows and smiles and we could all be happy     
"second day after accudent, and my body is hurting more more and more, last night i felt like my head was goibg to fall off cuz my neck shoulder and back are so sore"
"looking to buy a car, anyone selling?"
i cleaned my friend list    some people are just way to annoying
"day one of learning how to drive <propmale>    was not so good, please god give me <propfemale> to learn"
second day of driving manual   better!  i just need to practice alittle bit more
"thou shall not crave thy neighbor\-trublood"
i think im getting an eye infection     
my car needs a new transmission
happy thanksgiving everyone     and a wonderful black friday
at walmart with my lil bro waiting in line for a ps3 since midnight     this sucks im here and im not even buy crap for me
all i gotta say is damn girl u got fat
"i love my job, i love my job, i love my job, i love my job, i love my job, i love my job, i love my job     nope it doesnt work i still hate my job"
i need a drink
i wanna play the number game
"#43- u are so pretty that if i wasnt gay and in a relationship, i would be trying to tap that     lol jk but yeah u are very centered  and direct person and i like that about u, cuz u dont takr shit from no one!! u go!!"
"#666- in my mind u were always so cool, specially cuz u did take crap from someone we both know, even though i never see you i consider u a friend    "
your car is japanese  your beer is <propmale>  your wine is spanish  your democracy is greek  your coffee is colombian  your tea is chinese  your watch is swiss  your fashion is french  your shirt is indian  your shoes are thai  your radio is korean  your vodka is russian  and then you complain your neighbour is an immigrant? pull yourself together! copy and post to support the dream act  pass the dream act now
i hate wrapping
i love my kinect thanks <propmale>
yaaay! we had a great xmas! woohoo i love my kinect!
happy new year everybody!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! see ya @ amsterdam tonight!!!!
i love ignorant people that think they know it all! cuz it makes me feel more special
u are just jealous cuz im hotter than ur skinny ass
i love zumba!!!!!!!!
"been without a car since monday     \im not mad\im not mad\im not mad\im not mad\im not mad\im not mad\\nope im still very very mad\\lol"
t shirt time!!!!!!!!!!!! tonight!
i  have tmj! no!!!!!!
jesus and i have decided to see other people
"the mechanic tonight, who wants to go!!!!"
"snookie \ the ocean is salty because of all the whale sperm\"" lmao"""
i see a little silouetto of man!     
