ac8bf16a381d07c01b11651994ecb746
"scifi club meeting at <propfemale>'s tonight (7th st  and 2nd ave , east village) @ 8pm!!! please send back if you can be there so we can get an idea of how many people will be there (in case we need a reservation) "
"wondering why i just can't shut up before i f up perfectly good  acquaintances, grades, etc? or at least why i can't think through what  it is i'm saying before i speak?"
"   yeah, there's no way i passed that midterm "
"just watched <propfemale> snaps 2: unleashed   it's a hell of a lot creepier than the first <propfemale> snaps, a lot better too, though i don't think i'm sleeping tonight, thank you very much!"
turns out not to be sleeping tonight anyway   oh why do my bursts of paper energy only come after midnight?  anyone else notice and is annoyed by this about themselves?
"believes wholeheartedly that uses for nozick included paperweight, cat-claw-sharpener, kindling, scratch paper, toilet paper, and other things in those veins "
*was sick yesterday and is coughing up a lung today but is otherwise generally happy*
hey all!  scifi club post-apoc party happening tonight in rm 909 from 6pm to 11 smile 0pm!  see you all there!
"i  love  amartya sen and his books, particularly  development as freedom  "
"am con hypothetical? check   africa since 1940 paper? check   progressive <propfemale> prospectus? check   am con final? check   rawls class paper and then africa since 1940 final still to go    then, graduation    and then, <propfirst>!"
"oh god, oh god, oh god   1k words still to write in an hour and a half!"
i have 2 as and a b+!!!! (still waiting on the last grade)   how did that happen?
"je suis a <propfirst>!!!!!  phone doesn't work so if anyone wants to reach me by phone or text, do so only at absolute necessity and with a contact here or by email first "
what's t number to call if i'm in <propfemale>?  i'm watching online and can't see it!
what's the number to call in if i'm in <propfemale>? i can't see it!
does anyone know the number to call in if i'm in <propfemale>?
you can't vote from the us 
why germany?
woot! england v us = tie! 1-1
"today is a wonderful day!  two decisions were made   one was made at around midnight yesterday: there will be no hydrofraking for a year in ny   this is good   the second was made today in california: prop 8 is unconstitutional!  and it was pretty strongly ruled as well   so there!  next stop, supreme court of the united states?"
"yes!  wheeeee!!!!!!! stay on same-sex marriage lifted in california on \wednesday, august 18, 2010 at 5 pm pt!  eat that, nom!"
my god    there's a warbling opera singer next door in one direction or other (probably the next building over)   *weeps*
"the d train runs e playful ress from 59th to 125th   i typically take that because the b train just hasn't been showing up   so today, at long last, the b train was there  eager not to have to walk down from 125th, i hopped aboard    only to discover it was a b e playful ress line (the b doesn't run e playful ress last i checked): gotta love the mta "
"i officially  love  acela trains  two stops stamford and then providence   and it actually showed up exactly on time, unlike the regional "
"happy thanksgiving, everyone!"
"omg! meringue cookies taste just like lucky charms marshmallows and bourbon-braised short ribs smell far too divine! in other news, fairway is my new favorite store ever!"
mwahaha    i have a phone that connects to the internet  i am now unstoppable!
"i have found out what the giant, electric tea kettles are called: coffee urns  smile "
<propfemale> christmas! happy holidays!
unpleasantly tipsy on an f-ing glass of champagne    ;_;
at work  the snow is beautiful around here  at least ten people between the subway and work stop to take pictures and a few were just wandering around tossing snowballs   not a moving car in site   though now it sounds like someone trying unsuccessfully to start theirs 
the b train is running!  the b train is running!
"somewhere along the line, we failed  any sense of the common weal has left the country to her desolate nightmares "
panchitos today at 8pm! just north of bleeker on macdougal 
"reading germinal now  etienne needs to be kicked, but otherwise the book is awesome so far  it's building towards further awesomeness (i hope it doesn't let the reader down), and i think i'm about at the point where etienne's going to start being a more interesting character  \how did i manage to avoid reading this book for so long?"
