a4be9d29f295da1b3e0c67cb45606e61
is not looking forward to packing everything up tomorrow!
has been married for a day! yay!
"woke up this morning in merrillville, indiana, boarded a plane in chicago, illinois, landed in las vegas, navada, picked up a rental car, checked into the trump hotel, now sitting in the most amazing hotel room i've ever been in! this is the start to an amazing week, i think   smile "
"if you want to see more wedding photos, go to sliverstream zenfolio com-click on \weddings\""-then click on \""josh and lisa\"" they are beautiful!"""
is sitting in the airport   yay! for a husband and free wi-fi!  smile  this is the first of 3 flights for us until we make it home   i'm already sleepy and gross feeling i don't even want to think about what i'll feel like at 1pm tomorrow when we get into buffalo! yay! for showers and beds too!  smile 
is making her christmas cards on walmart com  smile 
has been looking at baby things online   i wanted to do the baby's room in a dark purple and greens but i don't think they make baby things in dark purple  sad 
hmmmm    
is trying to resize her wedding pictures to upload but it is taking forever! maybe i should've picked out the pictures i was going to put up and resize just those   not all of them! another lesson learned by trial and error 
's wedding pictures are being uploaded as we speak!
"is so stinking mad at facebook right now! i just finished editing, putting captions, and tagging all of the wedding pictures and it locked up and lost it all! urg! stupid facebook!"
"if anyone wants to tag my pics for me, go right ahead!  smile "
is thinking about the chicken noodle soup that's in the fridge right now
i kicked your mom in your bath room becuase my family thinks i'm stupid anyway
is folding clothes   how fun 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes! i really appreciate it!
loves her husband 
just got her new iphone case in the mail and it is awesome! plus is was only $1 89 with free shipping!
feels bad for our neighbors who had their clothes taken out of the laundry room in our building  sad 
is missing new york today 
monday is like a second saturday for me!
is making curtians for our craft computer spare bedroom room! i can't believe they are coming out just like i originally pictured!
salsa and tortilla chips!
wants it to be summer!
"is using our amazing new computer, that my amazing <propfirst> built for us!"
yay! <propmale> bought me the sims 3!!!
secretly wishes she was going to the hac <propfirst>'s banquet tonight   
is eating the most amazing grapes ever! thanks wallyworld!
is looking forward to pastor school!
wishes my stew would hurry up   i'm hungry!
yay! <propmale> just finished putting together my new office chair that came this morning!
project for the day   make a rug!
"just finished making my first jacket ever and it came out great! can't wait for my dad, sister, brother, and brother -in-law to get here!"
they're here! yay!
i love <propfirst> <propmale> maulucci!
"is wishing she had a backyard right about now   i'm going to really miss that this spring, summer & fall   sad  no eating breakfast on the porch in pjs, no sitting in the yard and sunshine, no barefeet, no bonfires at night, no privacy while outside   "
"ok, we called the land-lady  she says it's common to get this problem in the closets  it isn't mold if it washes off and isn't inside the drywall  it's mildew  i thinks it's gross! so now i have to clean out my closet with anti-bacterial wipes or spray and the land-lady is going to give up these special bags filled with <propfemale> something or other in them to draw out moisture "
can't wait to go out on a date with the most amazing man (who i happen to be married to)on earth today!
is doinng secret things for a simply sensational guy!  wink 
"low in the grave he lay jesus, my savior  waiting the coming day jesus, my lord  up from the grave he arose, with a mighty triumph o're his foes  he arose a <propfirst> from the dark domain, and he lives forever with the saints to reign  he arose! he arose! hallelujah! christ arose!!"
    it's grocery day!!!
"who dropped this huge glass jar of sauce in the walmart aisle?!   ohh, wait, that was me   sad "
i hope my pictures come in the mail today! i can't wait to start my wedding scrapbook and my honeymoon scrapbook!!
just got back from a beautiful walk with my awesome husband! it is gorgeous outside! i hope i got a little bit of sun!
rain smells so good!
what a dreary day!
"   and i think to myself, \what a wonderful world!\"""""
fruit makes the world a better place
just bought <propmale> the coolest shoes! i hope he likes them!!
is so glad the olsen's could come over for dinner! i had a great time!
is making a bean salad for my wms meeting!
what a beautiful day!!
dinner is in the crock pot and it smells so good!!
rain is such a soothing sound to my ears
"there is a huge, nasty bug in my mailbox and i am way too creeped out to kill it! i hate bugs!"
wants the world to know that <propmale> maulucci  is my hero!!
is anyone else having issues posting a status update via their iphone?
it's grocery day!
"<propmale> is, by far, the best cheese gradder in the whole world!"
this stupid repair guy! he was supposed to be here at 10 and it is now 10:46!!! i was supposed to go to chapel with <propmale> but instead i'm sitting at home waiting for this man! how irritating!
i've been married to the most wonderful man in the whole universe for 5 months today!
   just thinking   
is excited to visit the albanese <propfemale> factory with her sister-in-law today!
is updating our blog  check it out www joshmaulucci com  smile  thanks mrs  hall  smile 
is sitting in a strangers living room with 4 men   i only know 1 
+rain=yucky hair
i love taking walks with <propmale>!
can't wait for my hott date after church!!
"jibber-jabber, jibber-jabber it's all jibber-jabber! i do not allow jibber-jabber in my courtroom!"
i don't need friends    i have books!
homemade chinese food tonight!
i love having a printer!
"pray for <propmale>, my brother, he has a serious hand injury   i'm not sure all of the details "
made fondant for the first time ever! i can't wait to decorate my very first fondant covered cake tomorrow!
is deocorating my cake and i can't believe i actually like how it is coming out!  smile 
"it's finished and i love it! the top is a little funky but oh,well!"
"\never fear shadows  they simply mean there's a light shining somewhere  nearby\"" ~ruth e  renkel"""
it is such a beautiful day out! i hope <propmale> maulucci want to do something outside today!
it is such a beautiful day today! i hope <propmale> maulucci wants to do something outside today!  smile 
ahh   nothing like watching a marathon of cake challenges whille eating a piece of homemade cake!  smile 
just discovered she likes cinnamon <propmale> crackers smoothered in cream cheese  weird i know 
just hit a seagull in the walmart parking lot 
really wants to watch my wedding video!
just finished a pilates work out video   ouch!
is getting ready to turbo jam! i hope i don't die before i'm done!
"just finished watching new <propfemale> for the first time and, sorry to be a hater, but that was stupidest movie i have seen in a long, long time "
just have done some exercises wrong because my back is killing me!
loves smoothies and her smoothy maker!
"i may not have riches and some others may, but i have a mother who knows how to pray    i have a goodly heritage and i'm blessed with things you can't see! i have a goodly heritage and that is worth far more to me!  happy mothers day!"
updated our website! subscribe to get our emails today! www joshmaulucci com
really wants to go swimming!
loves our little home!
finds the way other people think unlogical and quite stupid 
"yeah, 6am has come way too early    "
the old side of @<propmale> maulucci is starting to come back out    i like it!  smile 
i am once again reminded why i so dislike bus rides   people who ride them can be so annoying!
anyone have brilliant baby shower ideas or dont's?
is thinking it is a good day to clean and vacuum the bravada
"ok, i seriously cannot stand <propmale> hantz!!"
if anyone wants to fold laundry come on over!  smile 
popsicles are wonderful things!
"church, porkchops, nap, church, snack, movie, sleep    it's going to be a great day!"
14 down    11 more to go!
\greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his\a4be9d29f295da1b3e0c67cb45606e61,"is really sick of all of the negative facebook posts! everyone has problems in life, but facebook isn't the place to share them! i don't want to come on here and read how awful life is for you! we live in an amazing, free country, you have food in your mouth, clothes on your back, friends who care, and a perfect saviour! look at the good in your life and not the bad! facebook isn't a dump site for your problems!!!!"
loves lists!
"6 months ago today i married my best friend, <propmale> maulucci !"
"oh, my goodness! the caramel frappe's at mcdonalds taste just like the butter caramel ice capp supremes at <propmale> hortons! my, how i my miss <propmale>my ho's!"
"i have zero respect for someone whose uses the \f\"" word in front of their 2 or 3 year old granddaughter  what a terrible grandmother!"""
i am so thankful for my nose   i don't know what i'd do with out smells!  smile 
is going to the beach!
looks like a lobster!
is at good ol' hac!
is getting so excited! i love when i'm the one with a secret!  smile 
is going to finish her honeymoon scrapbook today!!
could really go for subway right about now    
"is drinking freshly squeezed, homemade lemonade!"
i just tagged everyone of these stupid pictures and they didn't show up! stupid facebook!!!
dummy me grabbed the skillet  i had <propmale>'s omlet in while it was still on the burner! i now have a nice burn on my right middle finger!
"has tons to do and no motivation to do it    so does anyone want to come vacuum the bravada, vacuum the house, do some laundry, wash the dishes, clean the bathroom, sweep and mop, dust, wash the trash can out,  and finish putting my summer clothes in the cloest??"
trees as far as the eye can see!!!!
i hope indiana doesn't mind that i'm rekindling my love affair with new york!  smile 
is enjoying her in-laws!!  smile 
thank you lord for soldiers who give their lives for freedom and your son who gave his life for my salvation   i am blessed!
is playing card games with family!  smile 
is going to miss sitting outside on the porch when we go back to indiana
sos     we are stuck out on senica lake!!
"sun, come out, come out, wherever you are!"
is starting to miss my little home a bit   i hope she isn't lonely with out me!
is out with her sweetheart!  love 
is enjoying her last night with the maulucci side of our family
is on her way to grandma's house!
is in the b-lo  smile 
is at fbbc!!  smile 
will be sleeping in a tent tonight   we'll see how this goes    wink 
would've froze to death in this tent if i didn't have <propmale> and 6 blankets!
is amazed at the simple truths bro  fisher can convey through his sermons in such a powerful way 
yay for family day at salvation army!!
last night of sleeping in a tent   i've had my fill of roughing it for awhile  smile 
packing up once again   
is cleaning her brothers entire room and <propmale> is mowing his in laws yard    on vacation    hmmm  smile 
could really go for <propmale> ho's  smile 
"around 2,000 left-handed people die annually due to improper use of equipment designed only for right-handed people "
woohoo!! 90% off at dollar general!!
"really enjoyed spending a few hours with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>!"
"was given an awesome, new cake decorating <propfemale>!!  smile "
is going home!  smile 
"is home!!!  smile      i already miss my ny, tho  sad "
should unpack   but   i'm going to put it off a little bit longer
my oatmeal and molasses cookies smell great! they taste pretty good too  smile 
it felt good to make dinner for 2 tonight  smile 
can't wait to eat the pizza i got for dinner   spinach and goat cheese! yum!!
's kitchen light and ceiling fan just came crashing down!
"is really looking forward to my new iphone! however, i'm not really excited about how much attention <propmale>'s new iphone will be getting  smile "
woohoo! free 8x10's at walgreens!
went on an impromptu walk with <propmale>! i love him!  smile 
is itching to dye my hair blonde again or dark brown again   yay or nay??
is greatly enjoying my $1 98 seedless watermelon!  smile 
is getting excited about my new iphone!
is updating our webpage www joshmaulucci com!
"is totally, perfectly, and incandecently happy   i love <propmale> maulucci!"
the rains came down and the floods came up    the rains came down and the floods came up   the rains came down and the floods came up and the house on the rock stood firm!
and in the morning  i'm makin' waffles!
is celebrating shererville!
has been sitting here for 15 minutes trying to think of a whitty status update   
"really, really, really wants a coffee drink from mcdonalds right now!"
"so, it's that time in the week again where i have 2 loads of laundry to fold   why can't laundry be fun like grocery shopping!"
yeah   laundry still isn't folded  smile 
is at a parade!
cold stone or an elephant ear? i can't decide    
grocery shopping!
"tomorrow is always new, with no mistakes in it    yet  i  love  <propfemale> <propfirst>"
wms picnic and then a trip to the library! great day!
is completely amazed at the wonders of the sea! my god sure is amazing!
tea is such a wonderful thing!
loves the life the lord has given me   i am blessed!
"house clean-check, brownies & jello made-check, hotdogs, koolaide & candy-check, playdough-check, squishy footballs & crafts-check, band aides- check, chasing shoes-check, park open-check, fireworks tonight-check    all ready to watch my nephews over night!  smile "
"dinner, ice cream,  freezy pops, koolaide consumed-check, 10 new stains on the rug-check, sticky fingerprints on everything-check, wooden model car build-check, wooden model car ruined-check wooden model car taped-check, 8 coasters thrown all around the house-check, trip to the park-check   boys having a great time-check  smile "
is at the park    i should have packed lunch and brought it here 
it's just me and <propmale> once again  smile 
the one day we decide to go to navy pier they don't have fireworks!
"had a great time out with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfemale>!"
"to the land of the free and the home of the brave, i will gladly pledge my allegiance until my dying day    happy independence day!"
wow! 4th of july in indiana is awesome! there are fireworks all over the horizon! amazing!
is going grocery shopping!
sometimes i wanna buy 1 of everything at the grocery store   well almost everything  smile 
is going to commonground baptist camp! august 2nd-6th!!! wooohooo!!!
now has an iphone 4  smile  facetime anyone?
just facetimed josh   who was in the other room  smile 
"roasted chicken, potatoes and carrots for dinner! it smells so good!!"
i love my husband! he is so awesome!! god sure has blessed me!  smile 
can't wait until my date tonight! we're going to watch a movie in the park! i  love  jhm!
is off to movie in park with my <propfirst>!!  smile 
"just bought a kitchen chair for $1!! i now have  3 of them! now, i only need 1 more    "
is at a nickel arcade!
feels like i'm going to die every time <propmale> drives on the highway!!!
hopes <propmale> has a great first day of work at his new job   i miss him already!!
dinner is in the crock pot and corn bread is in the oven! yum! my home is smelling so good!
"another day home alone   what to do, what to do   "
is going to bake from baking!
"if my fb wrote on your wall about some weight thing, please don't open it! someone must have hacked in! how annoying    i'm going to change my password now   "
i have to pay $110 to get my name changed on my passport! rediculous! > sad 
would love to go swimming right now!
the weekend! woohoo! i get to see <propmale> all day tomorrow & sunday!!
at the social security office   again    this better work!
could go for chocolate chip cookies right now 
loves going to church!!
is hooked on <propmale> bars   all thanks to the mercers!  smile 
drove <propmale> to work this morning so i can use the car today   what a beautiful morning the lord has made!!
i just don't understand some people 
love <propmale> maulucci
"i have chili in the crock pot, a homemade cake in the oven, i'm about to start making waffles and stroganoff   my little apartment smells great! i'm glad it isn't really hot out today  smile "
"is excited to see <propfemale>, <propfirst>, mom m, dad m, <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and the gbc youth group this evening! yay for youth conference!"
wow! i'm not used to going to bed at 1 and getting up at 6    
is really going to miss <propmale>
just left home for my 2 week trip to ny   i'm sure i'll be excited when i get there     :  (
is at my parents   i wish <propmale> was here!
misses <propmale> and fbc  sad 
<propmale> ho's with <propmale> b!  smile 
"is shopping with <propfemale>, mom, and james   oh and <propfirst> the bear"
is <propfirst> picking!
took a walk and went to the consignment shop! now waiting to go swimming and later is church   i wish <propmale> was here to do everything with us!
making a cake with <propfirst>!
just finished my cake   it took me 8 hours from start to finish and i hate it!  sad 
<propmale>'s graduation party today!
<propfemale> and <propfemale> day!
"a year ago today <propmale> asked me to marry him and i said \yes\""! i'm so glad i did!"""
is going to camp!
is starting day 2 of camp   boy do i wish <propmale> was here! i miss him more and more each day!!
camp day 3    i'm sure my voice will be all gone today!  smile 
day 4 of camp   i can't wait to see <propmale> in just 2 days!!!
"day 5 of camp   it was a great week, but i can't wait to see <propmale> tomorrow morning!!"
is watching my wedding video!!
is on my way to the airport! i'm going to miss ny but i can't wait to be back home with <propmale>!!
is back in the chicago land area! another successful plane ride!  smile 
ahh    sundays with josh   my favorite  smile 
is grocery shopping! ahh! it feels good to get back into my regular routine  smile 
it felt so good to cook again!  smile 
is at the fair!  smile 
can't wait for <propmale> to open his birthday gift next week! it's so awesome!!!
i love when <propmale> has days off!  smile 
what a beautiful day my lord has made!
"flowers always make a space look prettier   i wish i had a garden, i would go pick some and put them on my table!"
has a bunch of clothes to give away!
"had a wonderful time at <propmale>'s birthday party tonight! i'm saving the clean up for tomorrow, tho  smile "
happy birthday to the love of my life!!
cannot wait to go see the sherlock holmes  play tonight with <propmale>!!!! i'm so excited! i even bought a new shirt to wear!  smile 
is looking forward to seeing what this play is like!
going through <propmale> maulucci 's  clothes    and getting rid of 1 2 of them!
oprah really got sued by farmers for 10 million dollars because she had a segment about mad cow disease?!
is itching to redecorate for the fall season! fall hurry up and get here!!  smile 
funny how every time i come to best buy with <propmale> we stay here for at least a 1 2 hour and then walk out with absolutely nothing!
thinks <propmale> spoils me way too much!!  smile 
dollar tree is seriously the best store there is!
is going to the salvation army!  smile 
they had at $0 25 sale today!!! yay!!! woohoo!!!
i miss my hanny being on fb   her account was deleted by fb for no reason!  sad 
i love  being out and about with <propmale>  smile 
my <propmale> is the best guy in the whole world!!
is out and about  smile 
has absolutely no motivation to do anything today
so does anyone have a video camera that takes little tapes that i can borrow (preferably someone who lives around me)? smile  i need to get my wedding video imported to the computer    
"has so much she could say about people and their posts on facebook   however, i will refrain  smile "
is loving the wind and cool air   now if it would only stop making my blinds clunk together because the noise is driving me crazy!
"i'm loving the weather!! have i mentioned i love fall    the leaves, the decor, the holidays, the fashion, apple picking, pumpkins, the food, my anniversary, the weather, the spirit   it's just a great time of year!!"
"there are few things more annoying than a 6 year old throwing a temper tantrum in walmart the entire time you are shopping   really, if you can't control your kid then don't come out with them! no one wants to see (or hear) how poor at parenting you are!"
what a gorgeous day! i love wind  smile 
wishes my niece would hurry up and get here! i want to meet her!  smile 
"i finally got an \m\"" for my living room wall!!  smile  thanks mom and dad m!"""
is going shopping!
subway is one of my very favorites!!
loves <propmale> maulucci
annabella grace maulucci was born tonight! i can't wait to see her!
i'm glad it's not my job to figure people out!
loves last minute trips!
"i have never before today, e playful erienced moldy carrots   now what am i going to put in my chicken noodle soup?  sad "
can't wait for my cookie and biscuit bible to arrive in the mail!!
what a perfect day for traveling! god loves us!
i love watching <propmale> do home projects with his dad  smile 
"just loves the feel of the cool air, the smell of the wood burning stove, the sound of the laughter all around, the taste of a great dinner, and seeing <propmale> with a smile in his eyes   it's a great evening  smile "
isn't so sad that we had to stay in watkins <propfirst> another night  smile 
has a long trip home today!
i am so looking forward to eating my homemade galumpkis tonight!
10 months ago today i married the love of my life and have fallen deeper in love with him each and everyday!
had a great time at the county line orchard with <propfirst>! apples are so much better when  you pick them yourself!  smile 
i love going out with <propmale>  smile 
is partying hard  smile 
loves the smell of leather!
is treating myself to thrift store shopping  smile 
ugh    people
"boy does a hot dog with sautéed onions and mushrooms sound good! i have mushrooms, onions and bread, but no hotdogs  sad "
dr schaap will be in our sunday school class today!
"well, i've come to the conclusion if it's ok to celebrate mother's day, <propfirst>'s day, and new year's day, all of which have originated from pagen traditions, then it is ok to celebrate halloween too "
pizza sounds so good right now   too bad i don't have any  sad 
does anyone have opinions on memory foam mattress pads?
"is going to the apple orchard today! can't wait to make apple sauce, apple crisp, and caramel apples!  smile "
is cleaning windows and <propmale>'s boss's parent's house    don't tell anyone i'm terrible at washing windows  smile 
don't you feel so smart when you know the answers on jeopardy?
is on my own today and i have no idea what to do!
woohoo! the lady across the street was having a yard sale and selling her maternity clothes which happen to be my size!
taking the train into chicago to watch a parade   i wish <propmale> was coming
is leaving for my wms meeting but i'd rather stay home to sleep and read all day (and eat the homemade applesauce i made all by myself!)
sweetest day is this saturday!!
a beautiful autumn day!
"finally organized my storage closet!! now on to grocery shopping, then home to make jail bars for mom m, and later we're having meatloaf made in the crock-pot!"
getting mom m from the airport!
lady's spectacular starts today!
can't wait to see <propmale> tonight!
i can't wait to sleep on our new memory foam mattress pad tonight! its so comfy and best of all it was a gift!!
last night was a wonderful night of sleep!
i think i'm obsessed with christmas decorations & dollar tree isn't the place for me to be!!
being sick and pregnant is no fun  sad 
who knew i'd be lucky enough to marry a man like <propmale>?! i love him!
i really need a minidv camcorder to input my wedding to the computer! i've been married almost a year and still only watched 1 2 of my wedding!! does anyone near me have one to borrow?
i would love for it to be snowing here!!
loves <propfirst> maulucci
in case you forgot    we speak english in the us l!
hot cocoa kind of day? i think so!
"hi, my name is <propfemale> and i have an addiction to everything christmas "
"yeah, we totally picked a 50in hdtv out of the garbage and it works fabulously! oh and not to mention is gave us back a lot of our channels we lost!"
deep cleaning day! i'm tempted to put up my christmas decor too but will force myself to wait    
raining    perfect day for a chi-tea latte   which my amazing man bought me!  smile 
is thinking of crashing the serbian birthday party going on upstairs  smile 
"ok, technology is amazing! not only was i able to write a letter in spanish to one of our missionaries who doesn't understand english, i was also able to translate the email she wrote to me in spanish!  smile "
i had the brilliant idea to see how long it would take us to dirty every dish in our house but <propmale> didn't seem to think it was so brilliant   guess i should get to doing the dishes
is going to sew my christmas table and place mats! i can't wait to put up my decorations next week!
i wish i could get my tree today   i love the smell of pine & evergreen
is the proud owner of a cobblestone corners 2010 christmas village!! i'm so excited and can't wait for it to come in next friday!  smile 
"a year ago today i married my best friend, the love of my life, and my soul mate! this last year has been a fairytale!  happy anniversary, <propmale>! i love you!!"
hmmm   rain isn't exactly what i wanted all day today   
on the train going home   what a wonderful time we had!
ahhhh!!! i get my tree this week and i get to decorate (and eat lots of food and drink eggnog and go shopping and so many other wonderful holiday things!)
"yeah, not so thrilled that my just mixer broke while making my cheesecake   guess i'm using a blender for everything tomorrow  sad "
"i've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for, your see, he's been so good to me! happy thanksgiving!!"
on our way to <propfirst> and summer's house and boy does the car smell good!!
has my black friday plan all mapped out!  smile 
i can't wait to get my tree after lunch!!!
is going to goodwill with my sister in laws!
<propfemale> has to go back to the college in a few hours   sad 
<propmale> is the only man i know who would sit at the dentist waiting for me for 1 1 2 hours   i love him 
it's finally snowing!!
welcome december! thanks for bringing snow!
morning at home with my handsome man  christmas shopping   birthday party for my nephew   night at home with my wonderful man   another wonderful day!
i'm an aunt once again   count is now 4 nieces and 11 nephews  smile 
not so sure it was the smartest idea to rearrange the computer room by myself    
"\i hid under your porch because i love you    \"""""
urg!! i'm having a lot of trouble designing this year's christmas card!! it's so frustrating!!
snickers ice-cream! i can't wait to try it!  smile 
i love looking at all of my christmas decorations  smile 
oreos dipped in eggnog   yum!! and before you judge i've only gained 3lbs during my pregnancy and i'm 1 2 way through it 
is finishing my christmas shopping today!  smile 
"bending over is over-rated    who needs to clip their toe nails, water the tree, sweep up the dust pile, tie their shoes, pull things out from under the bed and couch, or clean the bathroom anyway? oh, that would be me    "
<propfemale> is spending the night!
why did you have to brake sewing machine    i only wanted you to help me make christmas gifts?! you have made me very sad   sad 
in case i never proclaimed it to facebook! i hate the doctors!!
if anyone wants to come make cookies with me consider yourself invited!
today is a much better day than yesterday!
this baby of mine is on the naughty list this year!
"would really love to take a 4 hour nap but i better sew, iron, wrap, clean and pack instead  smile "
is on our way to new york!!  smile 
my how i've missed tim   tim hortons that is
going out to lunch with the girls!  smile 
i have the best grandma and <propmale> ever!!
i didn't know one could have so much snot in their head!
i just love my <propfirst> 
celebrated christmas with the maulucci's tonight!  smile 
on to the broughton family now!  smile 
polish food on christmas <propfemale>!!! yumm!!!!!! i love being polish!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!
"food network, i missed you more than i thought!"
is heading home today    
is so glad i washed all of our clothes at my mom's house   now i only have to put them away and i'm all unpacked!  smile 
is putting the baby clothes my mom gave us away!  smile 
is going shopping and not coming home until i find sheets that i like!!!
loves hearing the rain fall outside our window   if only rain needed to be plowed then <propmale> would have tons of work today!
thoughts on the pro and cons of grocery shopping every week vs every other week?
there was a guy with the last name maulucci on with out a trace    we're famous!!  smile  too bad is was the murderer  smile 
i would've never thought in a million years that i would enjoy the time i had my blood taken!
"for those of you who care, i registered for the baby at walmart com"
ahhh!!! road to avonlea!!! i love this show!!
since when does foil melt?! stupid foil!
i love <propmale> maulucci!
is taking down my christmas decorations and i'm quite sad about it   i just love christmas decorations!!
my wonderful little home is no longer a winter wonderland  it's now decked out in it's cute <propfirst>'s day decor!
probably gets too excited when she sees the mail truck pull up and too disappointed when there isn't anything in the mailbox 
loves being the birthday girl  smile 
had a fantastic birthday!
"sometimes i just look at my little home and think, \i sure love it here \"""""
"for sin that made my savior bleed, i <propfemale> my head in shame  yet for the cleansing that i need, that precious blood i claim  \the stripes by which my savior bled bring healing, this i know  the blood that stained his garments red, wash mine as white as snow "
"well, after much thought i deleted a bunch of people; people i really liked  however, i reached my limit of reading profane language, constant complaints about life, and how fabulous sin is   my news feed is now back to being \g\"" rated!"""
only 13 more weeks     
"is reorganizing the kitchen cupboards today   no, i'm not \nesting\"" it just needs to be done and i'm the only one here to do it """
"what could be better than a frozen banana? a frozen banana covered in chocolate, marshmallows, and sprinkles!"
"thanks to shop it to me, <propmale> and i are enjoying jamba juice for free!!"
is babysitting 2 of my nephews and 1 of my nieces
is quite excited about all the snow we are supposed to be getting   smile 
"no longer wants to be pregnant: i'd like feeling to come back into my left leg, my back to not feel like it's constantly being pinched, my face, hands, and feet not to be swollen, to be able to sleep on my belly again, to shop in all clothes sections not just maternity, and about a million other things but most of all   i want to see my baby being held in its daddy's arms "
"\love is a little haven of refuge from the world\"" -bertrand <propfirst>"""
aldi's version of v8 splash is revolting!
"since <propmale> will be out all hours of the night in this historic blizzard i will be home missing him  he is such a wonderful, hard working man! (yes, i'm aware that this is my third status update today)"
my <propfirst> is such a hard worker   after only a <propfemale> bit of a nap he is back out at work! i love him!
"\she is not afraid of the snow for her household annoyed "" proverbs 31:21a  smile """
homemade vanilla ice-cream is in the freezer and homemade coffee meringues are in the oven!
gets to go plowing with <propmale>!
shouldn't common sense be a common thing?
"one would think if you're singing the national anthem at the super bowl, you'd learn the correct words to the song "
grocery shopping is still one of my favorite times in a week    smile 
"made amish bread this morning, wms this afternoon, and the evening with my <propfirst>! it's a great day!"
who knew costco could be so fun!  smile 
our baby is a girl!!
is excited to make my spring table scape! i have slight obsession with decorating and decorations    especially tables   smile 
"is quite sad that the last 10 stores i looked at online (including my walmart baby registry) all have the baby bedding i picked out listed as \unavailable\""  sad  now to find a new one to fall in love with!"""
"i live with a court jester, computer wiz, intelligent scholar, hopeless romantic, tenderhearted teddybear, committed christian, understanding mastermind, and a gorgeous movie critic   i love my life and i love <propmale> maulucci "
"get ready for the day, breakfast with my bible,  grocery shopping, lunch, put together lasagna s, decorate cake, get everything together for <propfemale>'s party, clean the kitchen, get myself ready for the party, pack up the car (hopefully not ruining the cake in the process), go put on a party at hac, clean up party, relax with josh   yep, my day is filled!"
breakfast for dinner doesn't sound good at all when i really want chinese food 
less than 9 weeks!  smile 
purchased the baby's bedding! it was such a great deal on ebay!
"relaxing morning, started clearing out the baby's room, organized the baby's few belongings, went on a date and ran errands with my handsome man, got a package in the mail from my mama, watched a show, took a 1 2 hour nap,  made tacos for dinner, went to the ladies prayer meeting, came home to the dishes washed, dried, and put away!    it was a wonderful day!  smile "
100% homemade tomato sauce with angel hair pasta and meatballs from scratch   yum!!
"so excited for my \skype\"" shower this saturday!"""
"is making pina colada cupcakes, chocolate dipped fruit, and punch for my skype shower tomorrow! i can't wait!  smile "
is at my shower!  smile 
received to many nice things today! i can't wait to see it all in person!   smile 
"grocery, thrift store, and birthday gifts shopping today!"
when i make meatloaf it reminds me of my mom   maybe that's why i like making it often   smile 
we got a crib today!  smile  yay! <propmale>'s list!
the baby's room is coming along! i got containers for her shelves and under the crib today   i'm so excited to see the things i got at my shower last week in person and put it all away   smile  (   not to mention that i get to have another shower in a couple weeks!) exciting times   for me anyway (i think i might be driving <propmale> crazy)  smile 
"spring, family, pastor school, and presents! what a great day!!  smile "
pastor school was amazing (even at 34 weeks pregnant)!!
out shopping with <propfemale>  smile 
"getting ready to go to the park so <propfemale> can  take some pictures of <propmale>, me, and my giant belly  smile "
i must say   i love our ipad!
i love my <propfirst>  smile 
sounds like a man thanks to my wonderful friend mr  cold   he has out stayed his welcome in my body! doesn't he know that when you're 36 weeks pregnant the last thing you want is him moving in?!
i love seeing sunshine outside  smile 
busy day! first a dr appointment and then my baby shower! can't wait!!  smile 
had a wonderful time tonight!!
enjoying a day with just josh   not too many more days until a 3rd will be added and it will no longer be just us 
"boy, is <propfirst> lucky to be in heaven with jesus!"
"yes, <propmale> maulucci and i will be traveling back to ny for <propfirst>'s (my brother) funeral  we will be leaving our home tomorrow and will be returning on thursday "
driving     
what a beautiful ceremony   i can't imagine how amazingly wonderful his home going in heaven was!
and now the trip back    i wish i could've snuck my little <propfirst> and <propfemale> in the trunk!
home
i really wish we had the hallmark channel tonight   sad  i've been waiting a long time for <propfemale> <propfirst>'s books to be turned into movies and i'm missing the first one!
