a467fae9ab47703fa2dabee358f23aae
ahhh! physics work !its killing me!
fml  smile 
ugg this summers gonna suck
gonna go clean my beat up toe      sad 
valley stream central h s here i come    (sigh)
finger tips in f'n pain  not only do i suck at my guitar but no matter how much i practice i sound the same!
"yay panic at the disco \new perspective\"" is freakin awsome"""
feelin crappy   dont <propmale> y
lol mexico will loose this time!
flan fever lol
days been ruined thank u! u <propmale> who u r    ugh
   
yaaayyyyyyy chunky monkeeyyyyyyyyyyyyy
soccer practice
lol mmmh whip cream
real borred nothin to do   
in soccer practice 6 dayz a week         lets go eagles
omg kanye iz such a jerk
sleepy
"tired, borred, hungry, angry, annoyed, irritated    etc"
grr! math hw!
chicken b utt
feet fungus on ur mouth
guitar glasses
vampires'
kick u in the mouth while wating a hot dog
its 72 degrees in far rock right now clear skies
u shouldnt throw stones if u live in a glass house and if u got a glass jaw u should watch ur mouth or ill brke ur face
um     borred again
getting ready for soccer practice
    working on h w
soccer baby!
trying to do some of these projects!
won baby ! frst goal of the season
worried    i hope we dont loose too bad -_-
ugh!    im getting sick!
    cold
*sigh* odd day    highlight (farmville) this sucks!
"im publicly apologizing to springfield grls soccer team for missing the game today, im sorry grls u had to forfeit a game we coulda won"
paranormal activity disapointed!
u truly r amazing     im glad u had a good day
   
pta!
i want some flan  
"one thing i absolutly hate is <propfemale> u put u buisness out for everyone to c like they care n their gonna fix the problem, its not so y bother?!"
jewish bread is really good with a nice cup of strong cofee! mmhh
escape the fate- the day i left the womb (great song to learn acoustic)
*sigh* wat a day! highlight- i had two bowls of froot loops they were delicious
omg farmville animals really move! please send me cows!   
maddd hw yo!
   usually if we joke on eachothers girls its private so they dont see it u didnt notice o    put this on the public shyt u dum fuck                              nice going assholes
lmao kid think im joking
2012 was the best fuken movie i ever saw im my life! i cried like 5 times lol
1st day of track yo! it was nice
"so i decide to call niza n some old lady answered me-hello is sheeniza there? grama-wat! me-sheeniza , she there? grama-is my mama there? me-*giggles* no sheeniza, shes not home? grama-no! u prank calling? me-wat! im looking for sheeniza! grama-u got the # right but she's not here me-do u even <propmale> who she is? grama-       end of story dont call niza cuz some weird old lady's gonna pick up looking for a conversation "
body hurts yo! i feel the burn!
*sigh* madd work this weekend! highlight- two full days of soccer !
omg ! far rock is a pervert place im so damn ashamed
ordering dominos
i love u <propfemale>!!!' lawsom better give me at least an 85
uggghh! f'n project man!
"miss my love today  sad  oh n track was hell of interesting today, discipline, positive thinking, and learn to loose"
everyone! i sent laswons project already(to whoever asked)
hey anyone got the 5 questions for u s history !!-_- i need them badly
getting haircut today!
"love is like falling down    in the end you're left hurt, scarred, and with a memory of                            it forever "
why do i procrastinate?
very satisfied with my final product of this argumentive essay!
www deathclock com
buttons are coming tomorrow!
showa!
happy feet yo! (on disney channel)
finally finished making these buttons   i better get good money tomorrow
"if only u would listen things would be different, now its all gone and there are no  regrets"
uggh ruff day but tomorrows chill time i hope  
cold yo  
ahhh!!surprise <propfemale> on youtube is the cutest thing ive ever seen!
lmao do i look like a lesbo?!
hoping she'll get good sleep tonight
shower   knee hurts  sad 
wat hw do we have?
is gonna have a horrible night making up h w
would they let me bring my camera to skool tomorrow?
ugh laundry !
off to another track meet hope it goes good
playing electronic monopoly!
"new orders for buttons are being accpeted now, if u order something pay for it without complains or it'll be the last time i sell to u!  smile  (send to fb message or email)"
"its nice to <propmale> that u were there,thanx for acting like u cared and making me feel like i was the only one, its nice to <propmale> we had it all, thanx for watching as i fall and letting me <propmale> we were done  so much for my happy ending   "
lmao just a fuken awsome day yesterday! couldnt hve asked for more
goodness tainted   
lawsons project  smile 
photo fuken buket is awsome!
good improvement today!!
icing this damn knee  annoyed 
is out taking a jogg at the beach! in this cold ass weather!  
"ahhh! sophmore <propfirst> u made my day, seriously! ur the sweetest!"
lmao <propfemale> called me ghetto fabulous!!
today was awsome ! rejents was type easy love u chuncky monkey!!  love 
is out jogging    
wonders if my baby's done with his test  
i promise to work hard to mke u smile to lift u up when evrythng feels like its crashing down i promise to be ur bf ur bestfriend ur everything everyday and anywere i love u baby- chunky monkey
watching room 1408
working on early's painting
would u buy a button for valentines day?
"i broke half of my big toe nail playing soccer    but i dont kick with that foot, now i have a little nasty alien looking toe -_-"
"im soooo nurvous!! this last meet is gonna make me, or break me  "
sigh    got sick
time is never time at all  you can never ever leave without leaving a piece of youth  and our lives are forever changed  we will never be the same  the more you change the less you feel 
"wtf is stalking a profile?, that crap is stupid"
my ipod arrived today but how do i add aim?
today was such a delightful day!!!!  love 
is listening to some of khemraj's song suggestion  smile 
y do my legs hurt <propfemale> i didnt run as much today? actually my whole damn body hurts! thanx yarb -_-
"f'n! bored!! my sis is leaving to vermont tomorrow!  sad  for a week, who am i gonna bother?"
ahh    if my body hurt today   i cant imagine tomorrow!  crying 
k so now im selling chocolates and buttons -_- fundraising sukz!
ahhh! hello to all my haters!!!  love  without u my life would be a little less exciting  smile 
who wants to give me the hw for today!!!??
"wondering if i should go run or play soccer?!, ill do both i guess"
"9 essays due in 4 days, track everyday, soccer two times a week, work thursday, church, and every other classes i have to make up work for    yeah its all under control  annoyed "
"at far rock high doing my laps, then soccer practice  smile  go springfield eagles!"
"tired, leg still hurting -_- glad tomorrow's my day off"
home waiting for the clock to hit 4 so i can call u  annoyed 
<propfemale> u have all the time in the world there's nothing to watch on t v when u're extremely busy they give all the good shows -_-
ayayai!
2 yrs!!!
babysitting tonigh -_-
teachers dead ass think im stupid! i hate favoratism!!! i dont kiss ass but i demand justice!!! and equality
yay this is my frst sat  off in like 4 months absolutly nothing to do!
gonna make tomorrow a great day no matter what! (there has to be someway to repay myself for a crapy week)  love 
no practice of any sort today    my body feels odd   n i have extra energy   mmhh yarbs hw would put me right to sleep
just got out of the pool    now im starving  chinese food  smile 
up at 4am finishing work   wow i have to stop this procrastination
"only one more rejents left   physics, i got this"
 love 
kinda bumbed out i wont get to c portugal vs  brazil friday cuz of skool    brazil all the way!!!
passed all my rejents and managed a 91 average    i finished strong  annoyed 
fuk!!!! wat happened to brazil!!!!!  crying 
   -_-    no more spanish countries left in the world cup left except 4 spain but they dont count    im pretty sure germany got it but idk    
 annoyed  tomorrow is gonna be soooo long!! work from 9-7
this world cup was a failure    
eating lucky charms ! best cereal ever!!
who wants nachos and hot sauce with a banana?
at work    -_-
bout to head out to the beach  annoyed  get tan for jersey
girls!!! soccer starts friday august 20th @ 3pm!! (same coach) bring medicals and consent forms if u haven't yet!!!
soccer practice today !!! 8-20-10 @ 3 smile 0 pm !! at springfield gardens!!!!
off to practice    
eating fruit salad while working is the best way to keep u motivated  annoyed 
our love has become stronger n stronger n no one can ever change that
fb gets really boring after like 30min of being on   
idk wats more nerve wrecking begining of my last out door season or the fast approaching end of my last indoor    annoyed 
cleaning out fb    i just realized i can do alot more then i thought with these smart phones ^ ^
guaranteed full time job over the summer n sick internship    can i be more ready for independance? hell no
"getting my bag ready for tomoros meet, btw anyone leaving from far rock u <propmale> who u r     25th st  6am"
how can one race make u sick for the rest of the day? i cant stop sneezing!
