2454b91c62e803edde2a7a9cb3374b73
its weird to be back   i dont think im ready
got home less than 12 hours ago and i am on my way to work  this summer is going to be awesome    (sarcastic) i love my job but not this early   
"\so many times out here i've watched a happy pair of lovers walking in the night they had a kind of glow around them it almost looked like heaven's light i knew i'd never know that warm and loving glow though i might wish with all my might no face as hide"""
rip <propfirst> and <propfemale>!! sad day for hollywood and the music industry
what is going on with the world?? all of these famous people are dying!!!  sad   sad 
what if the headless horseman had a headless horse      
got to got to got to try a little tenderness    
why am i awake?? i have to wake up in a few hours for my 16 hour work day  boo
so   i am back from work and i sat on the couch which was a mistake because now i can't really move   if i stand my feet might actually fall off
you know what i like? sleeping in  smile 
why is it so hard to fall asleep when you desperately need it?
"celebrated my mama's birthday today  pretty cool, cupcakes were involved, and its a good day when those are prepared by a favorite person  smile "
<propfemale> must be the bastard child of the burger <propmale> and dairy <propfemale>
"i get a three day weekend too, just not in the right order, but still  smile "
i just got my best score on that crappy game and now i am going to quit while i am ahead! feeling good right about now   hellz ya!!!!
wish i could be in corvallis for the game today  sad  enjoy the first game in the rain everyone!!!
is very annoyed with verizon   i feel so disconnected  sad  boo!!!!
moving into my apartment!!!! hooray!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
drove to portland to work around 3 this afternoon   just getting to bed in corvallis now  wow late night
first day of school   wow it doesn't seem real   
"anyone wanna go to frighttown around halloween, normally its $20 but there is a coupon making it 15 dollars total for 3 haunted house, its in portland at the memorial colliseum"
"<propfemale>, i promise to keep your life clean of sadness   "
the wedding=best thing i have ever seen!!!  smile  loved it!!!!
<propmale> and <propfemale> together 4ever!! love 
"not feeling the best as of last night or this morning, i hate having to miss class like that, but i might have passed out on the way there, hope i get better before this weekend   "
if the salad is on top i will send it back
be the change you wish to see in the world
what is on my mind??
"so much stuff to do, homework is sucking the life out of me, i feel so boring! yet here i am on facebook   hhmmm   "
sweet caroline   oh oh oh
hooray for the weekend!!!!
"wow, i took a nap and facebook has changed   what the hell??"
where are the wild things?
aint no party like a library party lol
the communism tight crotch??
"16 days til my birthday! starting a countdown, lame i know, but i am excited  smile "
15 days  smile 
this is bullpuckey!
"14 days, and im sick  sad  i never get sick!"
paranormal activity? piece of shit!
13 days!!
12 days
feliz halloween a todos!!  smile 
10 days!! and just returned from a lovely evening with a very nice gentleman  smile 
just spent the last few hours in the emergency room with a friend  great sunday night!
9 more days!!!!!
"spanish presentations take up a lot of time, not wanted time!"
8 days!!! now its time to prepare for a presentation   
celtic thunder! so ready!!  smile 
"i feel like i could sleep til tuesday, but i have an exam to study for so thats probably not the best idea   dam"
"\every tear that you cry will be replaced when you die   \"""""
naps are a great thing  smile  im glad someone invented them!
"thank you everyone for your birthday comments!! love them so much! i won't get too bad tonight, but no promises  smile  lol"
my birthday was way fun! thanks again everyone for saying happy birthday! loves  smile 
happy friday the 13th everyone! be cautious  smile 
"how does a person forget that they have a midterm? i don't know, but it happened  one hour to study is just not sufficient"
"i officially retire from bejeweled, no way in hell i am ever going to beat that score! i am so excited, which is kinda sad, but still, i am  smile  lol"
"wow, writing classes take up a lot of time  i am not a fan"
dear anna: thank you for the advice! could have used that a few <propfemale> ago
going to be cooking all day! can't wait!  smile  happy thanksgiving peoples!
who has electrocuted themselves? add me to that list! lol
"this is not a good sign, i am already not caring about my grades anymore  its fall term, the rest of this year is going to be hard i can tell  sad "
"feeling better about life, turned in a bunch of crap and i only have two things to go  and i am done by monday morning at 1030  smile "
go beavers!!!!!
"so my party tonight, hope you ppl can come! let me or <propfemale> know if you need directions or whatnot  smile "
"i am officially done with classes for the term  i have a 10 question quiz to study for on monday morning, but its open book so not a very hard study session   smile  loving life!!  smile "
"i like corny, im looking for corny in my life"
"well, done with school for the term, but it doesn't feel that great, didn't do too well on my only final lol"
"slumdog millionaire time, haven't seen it in a while"
why do we have to wait so long for grades?????
"i realize this makes me a nerd but i don't care, i am going to miss glee  sad "
"laying awake with shit on the mind, really annoying!!"
wow so i just saw an infomercial for the shakeweight    i have no words    i feel like i have been violated   lol
<propfemale> christmas my friends!!!!! hope today is a blessed day for you all  smile 
it's the <propfemale> midget! hahahaha
"i feel like i need to take more pictures of my life, i have a camera but i don't use it lol"
getting sick at work is a pain   not a fan
really really really is not wanting to go to school tomorrow  sad 
"life sometimes, i just don't get it  i just wanna yell why??!!"
turquoise
lazy friday night  smile 
"97% of teens would cry if they saw <propfirst> pattinson (<propfirst> cullen from twilight) standing on top of a sky scraper, about to jump  if you're one of the 3% who would sit there eating pop corn screaming \do a flip!\"" then copy and paste this as your status """
"too early, i always forget what its like before the sun comes up  its dark "
"<propfirst> <propmale>, i'm a fan!!! yay beavs  smile "
good weekend  smile 
"just discovered a new musician, love it when that happens, i just listen to them all the time  smile "
"can't find the mental state to do the homework, could be bad   "
screw spanish!!
discovered something today: that people wearing top hats walking around campus make me smile when im in a not so happy mood  smile 
hooray for being 21 and being able to drink whenever i want  especially after a stressful few days!
"i don't know what to say, it's come down to me missing class because i wanted to rearrange my room, ultimate procrastinator!!"
"good bye conan, i will miss you dearly!"
i like having people over! but its always sad to see them go  sad 
"3 hours of sleep, great way to start a day"
beach this weekend with great people? don't mind if i do  smile 
"being done with homework for the day is amazing feeling, i was worried  now i have a couple hours to kill before class, i think i will clean"
awake at 830am on a sunday   boo!!!!
my doppleganger hahahaha
"i like it when homework you were thinking was going to take forever only takes like a half hour  maybe i didn't do it right, crap"
no motivation to do my project   lame
happy groundhogs day
"quote from the roommate:  \he thought i was the coolest thing since sliced cheese!\"" \""cheese?\"" i asked  \""really? cheese?\"""""
relaxing day today   cooking and cleaning for tomorrow  smile  go saints!!  smile 
saints!!!  smile 
"well, i finally changed, and i have to ask   why   why facebook? is it really that much more simpler to use?"
i get to upload my pictures from my camera in a week  silly me losing my usb cable 
"roommate quote of the week: \stop giving me that look and stop jumping me   \"" response: \""that's what she said \"""""
tell her she is beautiful!!! all my lady friends   you are beautiful!!!!   smile   love   love 
"this term, never giving me any time to breathe, always something lingering, like a paper, a test, a quiz, online homework  etc etc etc  i don't like it  sad "
"hey guess what, i can breathe a little bit now, took 2 midterms, 3 quizzes, just finished a paper, all i have to do now is skim a chapter of reading, i hope "
"there is no smoke without fire, baby baby you're a liar"
"8 am classes, not my friend"
realizing that i miss singing in a choir  so many good times that i have just completely forgotten and it makes me sad
it takes a whole village to raise our children it takes a whole village to raise one child
"the box, most confusing and frustrating movie award"
best pickup line just cuz of its creepy factor    does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
visiting great people this weekend  smile 
"roommate quote of the week    \truth justice and the milky way!\"" response   \""what is that from?\"" (looks up online) truth justice and the american way   nice"""
"so many times out there, ive watched a happy pair of lovers walking in the night  they had a kind of glow around them, it almost looked like heaven's light  i knew id never know, that warm and loving glow, though i might wish with all my might  no face as hideous as my face was ever meant for heaven's light "
"dublin baby, rest in peace!  love   love "
"attention facebook friends, you are all my marshmellow flavored yellow easter candies!  smile "
<propfemale> halpert  smile   smile 
"wow, haven't been on here in a very long time   i guess i missed it  smile "
rewind!!!!  smile  that's for you <propfemale>  wink 
im so gangster    you can find me baking cookies at night
good day so far  smile 
"quote from an infomercial: \i like the pivoting head!\"" is this a \""that's what she said?\"""""
ok you all will never guess what movie i am watching right now     amazingness is all i have to say  i can't believe this exists hahahaha
"so ready for my glee trip!!!!!!!!!!!! be jealous all you glee fans, me and <propfemale> are going to cali to see glee live in concert!!!  smile   smile   smile  so excited you don't even know!!!!! countdown has officially begun      18 days"
"grandpa, i love you and my fingers are crossed for some good news!"
feliz cinco de mayo a todos
"once upon a time i was falling in love, but now im only falling apart, there's nothing i can do, a total eclipse of the heart"
"don't settle for second best baby, put your love to the test you know you know you got to     make him e playful ress how he feels and maybe then you'll know your love is real    e playful ress yourself"
im feeling awesome! good night!!  smile 
roommate quote of the week: stop biting me you bitch!!
"do you know, what it feels like for a girl, do you know what it feels like in this world, for a girl"
painting fences and raking pine needles   not as much fun as it sounds
"i like psychology   but when i have to write a paper on it, i'm not that big of a fan   "
sometimes i just don't understand my life   why??
i am like tinkerbell i need applause to live!
"so you like show-tunes, it doesn't mean your gay, it just means your awful-- <propfemale> <propmale>"
"i need so feel good music right now, like back in the day 90s stuff r&b or pop or whatever"
"i need some feel good music right now, like back in the day 90s stuff r&b or pop or whatever"
"it was either living with myself or being happy, and i chose          the former"
preparing for the california trip  smile 
praying for you grandpa! tomorrow is going to go great
why can't i sleep? this isn't very fun   
successful surgery for grandpa  smile  fingers crossed for no chemo
ever heard of the term anger sex? its the only kind i do! hahaha
"sweet dreams till sunbeams find you  sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you  but in your dreams whatever they be, dream a little dream of me"
off to california and glee!! cannot wait to see friends and have a great time  smile 
"well now its back to reality i guess, school and whatnot"
can't read my can't read my poker face
can't read my can't read my no he can't read my poker face
trying on summer dresses for the hell of it  smile  and good things come from <propmale>!!
beach bound!  smile 
needs something    
"feels like i have accomplished a lot today, even though i didn't actually do that much  oh well, my mind is at ease, for the most part"
"woke up really sick, not a pleasant day  sad "
one more class and one more final!!! so so so close  smile 
done with classes!!!!!!
"according to a commercial i just heard   apparently \all you need is a good squeeze \"""""
when did i get so much stuff? i don't know where i am going to put it all this summer   
"i feel like the coolest name i have heard all week is cobra bubbles, i want that to be my new official name  smile "
really needs to find a job   
"this is a man's world, this is a man's world, but it wouldn't be nothing, nothing without a woman or a girl"
"quote from the roommate: \you don't seem like someone i wanna meet!\"""""
getting that study guide filled out!! yaya!!
i love glee and i don't want it to end  sad   sad 
"relief, awesomeness, a <propfemale> to collapse on my bed and not wake up until july    just some of the things i am e playful eriencing right now because i am done with my 3rd year in college!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"if you wanted the sky, i would write across the sky in letters that would soar a thousand feet high, to sir, with love"
home for the summer  smile 
"life, i don't understand you   "
that's what she said
got better grades then i thought i would   loving life right now!! aahhhh i love it!!! such a relief i have no words!!!
"job apps, not as much fun as they sound"
"dear <propfirst>, really good movie, <propmale> sparks is an amazing writer!"
had a great night  smile  thank you friends for coming out and making it a great one!
kinda sad currently  sad  not cool
"toy story, has to be in the top 3 best movies i have seen  smile "
sunshine  smile  its about time!! sun dress time!! yay!!
i wanna go to the beach!
"smile, though your heart is aching, smile even though its breaking  when there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by  if you smile through your pain and sorrow   you'll see the sun come shining through, for you "
"been a busy few days, looking forward to some rest this weekend!  smile "
sun  smile 
it's going to cost about tree fiddy
needs something to do     can't wait to go to wyoming and see family and have things to fill my time like a summer should  smile 
"going through all of my music, itunes, cd's and clearing it out  feels like i'm un-cluttering my mind lol"
mexican food is the best thing ever!
<propfemale> weather is a great thing  smile 
skunks in the yard   awesome  im terrified to step outside now   
i believe in <propfemale> what you give is what you get returned  i believe you can't appreciate real love til you've been burned  i believe the grass is no more greener on the other side  i believe you don't know what you've got til you've said goodbye
spilled red wine on a white shirt   not cool   so not cool
bff coming home today!  smile  yay!
"going golfing today! haven't been in years, going to be kinda funny lol"
"tired  sad  and kinda sore from golf, guess it had been a while since i used those muscles lol"
heading to wyoming bright and early tomorrow morning  won't be online for about a month or so  good~bye all!!!
love being in wyoming with family  smile  this weekend im heading to colorado for cousin sleepover time  smile  can't wait!!
home!!!!!!!
weird feeling    not a fan
 smile 
birthday with the mama  smile  happy birthday mama!
good weekend already and ahead of me  love 
what's on my mind? im sleepy is what's on my mind    
pretty happy  smile  i like it
getting my apartment key today  smile  pretty exciting stuff  smile  especially when a best friend comes with  smile 
car is in the shop and i have a rental  smile  yay for a newer car!
"\that's because a lot of things are robust!\"""""
off to corvallis today! not sure how i feel about it all yet
school tomorrow    bleh   
guess what!! <propfemale> has internet now!! that's what!!! feels fantastic  smile   smile 
"morning class today was cancelled!! yay!!!! mixed feelings tho, i had to walk all the way back home and i feel like i woke up early for nothing, oh well  only an hour of class today  smile  and now i'm done!!"
come on beavers!!!!!!!!!!!!
up at 4 am? yes i was  smile  hooray for 3 hours of sleep!
"facebook's getting a new makeover, this one sounds like it might be good   "
10 10 10  smile   smile 
one month til the birthday!!  smile   smile 
lonely  sad 
"wow, there is a lot to do to get into grad school   "
fake (+)(+) perfect (o)(o) perky ( wink ( wink  cold (^)(^) and even grandma's\\  \\   big ( o )( o ) or small ( )( ) save them all! repost for breast cancer awareness!!
"problems with the fire alarm are scary, loud and annoying, and must be taken care of very quickly if you want things to stop beeping  luckily i live very close to safeway to get some new batteries lol"
"long island, vodka shot and a jello shot, not really feeling anything, hmmm maybe my tolerance is finally starting to go up a lil  smile  sweet!!!"
<propfirst> salling has an album??!! ya! its real!! (pipe dreams)
would you rather               end hunger or hatred?
"swept, mopped, and cleaned the bathroom and kitchen  feeling better about life  smile  maybe i might even vacuum later too   "
"looking for something to do saturday for halloween, anyone doing anything??  smile "
aahhhh 100% on my paper!!!!!! love it!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile   smile   smile 
i need some halloween plans!!!
long long long long day
busy week full of midterms   not cool
"feeling pretty good, all i have left this week is a two <propfemale> paper due  smile  not too shabby"
"\may the light of this flickering candle   illuminate the night the? way your spirit illuminates my soul \"""""
"feelin good, wrote my 2 pg paper in about 20 <propfemale>  smile "
why can i never fall asleep when i want to??
hooray for an extra hour of sleep  smile   smile 
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes!! it was such a great one  smile  and a special thanks to those who made the trip down here to celebrate it with me!!!! loved it and love you!
officially registered! yay! got some cool classes  smile 
"looking at pictures from life in the dorms   wow seems like 20 years ago  but such great times, i wouldn't mind going back to that time with all the same people and doing it again  smile "
loved today  smile  thanks <propfemale> my love  smile 
"new music, paper writing, pretty laid back monday evening "
"i miss being in elementary school and middle school and even high school and there was snow on the ground and we would turn on the news channel to see if school was cancelled, or hell, even a two hour delay  man those were the days, now i am stuck inside writing a paper for a class i have to walk to tomorrow in freezing-ness hoping i don't slip and fall on the way!!"
just downed a mug of hot chocolate  smile  ya   it's that time of year! hahaha
sooo close to being done for turkey break! aahhh i wanna be done!!
missing the man     sad 
"wow really???? like every building on campus is closed today except for mine    not cool world, not cool     "
yes!!!!!!!!!!! you pray hard enough and eventually the school winds up closing!!! amazing  smile   smile 
thankful to all my friends and family  smile  love you all!
"ya went shopping for about 6 hours  oddly, not that tired  feet hurt tho  sad "
i feel like its going to be a great day  smile 
why do i suck at school?? ugghh frustrating
"a couple weeks ago, portland was voted most intellegent  smile  nice"
feeling sick  sad 
"discovered zombie soccer, thank you office!!  smile  hahaha"
"november29th to december 6th, change your profile picture to a cartoon character & invite your friends to do the same  the object of the game- not to see one single human face on fb to raise awareness of the fight against child abuse  protect our worlds children!!! no more child abuse    stand up for children everywhere!"
just had a great couple of days  smile  but now hard core study time while <propfemale> is bored hahaha
home for the holidays  smile  yay!!
feelin' pretty good today  smile 
rip mama i miss you so much!
love you mama! miss you!!
"my friends are amazing  all there for me these past few days  i love you all so much! even right now, i have one incredible one in the kitchen with just mounds of delicious looking food  smile "
"<propfemale> j  fox\\fox, <propfemale> j  55 08 26 1955 12 17 2010 <propfemale> was born in lansing, mich she is survived by her daughter, <propfemale> garcia  there will be no service per her request  arrangements by crown memorial center - milwaukie  \\published in the oregonian on december 27, 2010"
so the new <propfemale> signs are for ppl born this year  your astrological sign is the same  if you were born after the planet shifted and the new sign was created then it changed  but for most ppl its the same sign  smile 
had a good night  smile  went out with some friends
feeling pretty accomplished for finishing painting today  even though it isn't my house hahaha
wow actually did some hw this evening  not too bad  smile  only took 3 weeks of procrastinating hahaha
"put this as your status and see what people rate you annoyed 1  crazy  2  i'd kiss you  3  hyper  4  jerk 5  i miss you  6  best friend  7  pretty  8  smart 9  dramatic  10  i would date you  11  random  12  hot  13  funny  14  huggable  15  amazing  16  tough  17  cute  18  beautiful  19  loud 20  awesome  21  i love you"
redbull  smile 
redbull  smile 
love spending time with the man  seen him every day for a week now  smile 
redbull
"quote of the week: said by uncle <propfirst> \if she was a poodle i would have put her down!!\"""""
wow online class midterms are killer!!! pretty sure i just got maybe 5 questions right out of 50
redbull  wink 
buying itunes songs with a gift card i got for christmas  smile  yay for using all my gift cards up!! one more to go  i love shopping!
happy groundhog's day everyone  early spring i heard  smile 
feels like i have done a lot of homework today  even tho that probably isn't the case  i feel better about it anyways lol still some to do tho   
yay superbowl time  smile 
"wings, pizza rolls and french bread and pepsi  everything healthy for you!!"
"feeling great right now!! i did 100% of my homework this week! first time in 5 weeks hahaha probably not a great sign, but i did it!!!"
facebook keeps changing things lol now the way you look at pictures is all different   
good time last night with friends  smile 
"go into the world and do well  but more importantly, go into the world and do good      \\~minor myers jr "
\don't listen to your critics," listen to your fans\""\"2454b91c62e803edde2a7a9cb3374b73,doin some damage to the hw stack today and tomorrow  smile  feelin good!
"seven months with my wonderful boyfriend! love him so much  smile  the months have just flown by, they have been so fantastic!"
"hmmm perhaps i should have looked at my syllabus earlier in the term, discovering  i have a shit load to do in the next couple of days and then next week   oops"
"no one will get this right ! my middle name__________, my age___, my favorite beverage_______full birthday___ ___ ___,whose the love of my life______ ,my best guy and girl friend_____, my favorite color______, my eye color_______,my original hair color______ my favorite food________allergic to______where i was born_______, and my moms name__________!!! put this as your status and see who knows you best  laugh "
"its march, a lot to do this month, particularly, finals and finding a job  money is running low     "
i just heard today is the last day of filming the office for <propmale> carell  i might just cry   that's so sad  sad   sad 
"so i just looked up my own name on facebook so i could befriend all the people who had the same name as me, but i discovered that there are over 110 <propfemale> garcia's out there, too intense for me! kinda makes me feel less important knowing there are that many people out there with the same name as me    lame"
getting stuff accomplished today  smile  yay me!!!!!!!
finding it super difficult to focus on studying for my final    wish i had an on off switch so i can just buckle down and focus whenever i need to 
"4 days studying and i just completed my first final    not sure how i did, but i did it and now i get to have 4 wonderful days with my cousin  smile  so excited!! kinda drained from studying so long though, but o well, time for like a 15th wind to kick in please!"
terrific night last night! being with great friends and a great cousin makes a night special  minus the injuries my feet suffered from the wrong shoe choice    
dunebuggying=success!!
i have officially become bad ass at zombie soccer  smile  beat it like 6 or 7 times now!! hell yea    
"\love is the ultimate and highest goal to which man can aspire \""    ~frankl"""
yay for being finished!! didn't do as well as i should have but o well im done  smile 
"wow, spring break, i had forgotten what you feel like, its pretty awesome  smile "
so my grades i got are wayyy better then i thought they were going to be  smile  so happy right now!!! can't even believe it!! yay for buckling down and getting great grades on finals  smile 
<propfemale>
went spring summer clothes shopping tonight  smile  yay for new things!!!
<propfemale>
spur of the moment adventure to corvegas  smile  yay!!
