5c52c579525371592b0203231d5ef253
fuck yea! entourage 7th season is official  can't wait   laugh 
there's nothing like watching two chicks cat fight to end the day   smile 
woa    goodmorning everyone!
phew    tired 
off to go play some fallout!  smile 
i    feel    amazing!
if u have a steam account    even if you don't make one  and go to the store tab and search portal  u can download it for free and it's absolutely an amazing game  it really challenges your mind to think  but hurry! you only got about a week and a half left 
"<propfirst>, <propmale>, <propfirst>! get online!"
hahaha i love staying home from school 
just watching some good old bleach on animeready com  laugh 
fuck  wish i had a bankai 
gonna continue with my summer plans and keep on watching bleach!
    universal studios is awesome! tht is until u get tired of all the 3-d stuff they got  hahaha 3-d
"wtf? ive noticed for the past 2 and a half months ive basically been losing  5 lbs  a day  i haven't changed any habits either  ending of 8th grade: 160 lbs, 9th grade: 140 lbs  i don't know whats goin on but fuck yeah!"
just watched the dead space: downfall animated movie    can't sleep    so what's up guys? high recommendation to watch it even if you haven't played dead space  i know i haven't  still loved it 
fuck yea! me and <propfirst> just killed 15 juggernauts on veteran!
god damn it  i should go to sleep  summer schools starting soon and i need to get used to the sleeping schedule 
yea! just raped the shit out of dead space  beat it in 10 hrs  and thts while not knowing what to do 
well this weekend went just fine   smile  crap    summer school tomorrow  > annoyed 
just listening to last  fm on my xbox  !st thing i hear when i click on one of the gamer stations is a song from ocarina of time  awesome!
i got anatidaephobia   annoyed 
fuck  turns out they're on yu-gi-oh 5 d's episode 119 in japan    i thought it was just another crappy spin off  guess i was wrong 
fuck yea! watching season 6 of entourage!
onward to 7th prestige!!!
fuck  i gotta stop watching anime this late at night 
fuuuu!!!!! screw mgs2! i just spent like an hr trying to beat vamp on extreme and failing!!! gah! it's daybreak!
wow  i just beat 25 metal gear rays in a row 
wtf? registration? this is the 1st time ive ever heard of it  do we have to go?
aw fuck me  im staying up later and later and school starts in a week  goodnite morning people!
no  didnt u kniow hes the anti-christ? hahaha
argh!!!! i so wanna watch <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world!
i'm going to the theatres today but    i'm not even watching <propfirst> pilgrim   crying 
aw man    <propfirst> pilgrim sucked   crying 
"dude, i think <propfirst> olea 's account got hacked "
ugh  so tired  1st day of school then right after shopping for clothes  hahaha the women cashier at <propmale> <propfemale> had more of a beard than i did 
fuckin tired  night everyone  woo     school tomorrow   sad 
fuck    rhianna is so god damn hot!!
have any of you guys watched adventure time with finn and <propmale>? thts shits so awesome!!!
*sigh* just finished watching the code geass series for a 2nd time in a row  last episode made me cry again   sad  so good   
enough of these people answering questions about me! who gives a fuck?
"because despite your violent behavior, the only thing you've manage to break so far    is my heart   heart-broken "
i have a rare condition of pudding deficiency   laugh 
"\now     make me feel it! make me feel alive again!!\"" > laugh """
whooo!!! look at that juice!
oh shit! 4got tosh o aired last night! ima go watch it right     now!
"\cause believe me! if guys had boobs we'd only leave the house to show 'em off \"" hahaha lol """
argh! the red 3 on my notifications up top won't go away! does it mean i only have 3 days left to live!?
woo!!! h o t d tonite!
"uh   \ok  if u get a im from aarin ortega about a video your in dont believe\it  its obviously a scam trying to get your facebook information  just saying "
watching episode 10 of h o t d right now  awesome!  laugh 
im on my 3rd day 4 my quest 2 get all 120 stars in sm64  im at 66  -§-
day 4 of my quest 2 complete sm64  i got 100 stars as of now! 20 to go!
9 stars 2 go!
just 3 more stars 2 go  damn  2 of these r gonna b a bitch (just like <propfirst>) 
2 to go!
gantz    yay! my head didn't blow up!  laugh 
"thts just awesome  my modem just broke  :,("
fuck mrs  gold is hot!!!
oh yea  forgot to mention i'm back! internets working like a charm now that i got a new modem!
hahahaha meatdrapes   laugh 
wow    i just took out a uav with my predator    how gay yet awesome  -§-
gonna go play orange box now 
just finished watching independence day  sooooo good!!!
fuuuuuuu    my stupid phone won't connect to my computer! i can't add anything to it for shit! > annoyed 
oh man  playing here comes the sun on the beatles rockband feels sooo good   smile 
"today was such a good day  in 1st p  i make a side line swish and a half court shot  then in 3rd i e playful lain a bunch of awesome philosophy theories at my table and i'm able to get sweet christian friend <propfemale> to believe i worship the devil hahaha which then led me to start telling her the devil wants her soul in a demonic voice  laugh  then after school i get to see not one, but two fights! awesome   smile "
too   addicted    to kingdom hearts      cant stop   crying 
oh arrested development you make me so happy  :')
"\ i see you are enticed by my daughter's awesome rocking tits \"" hahaha!"""
just finished watching super bad  it's been so long! i love it!!!! hahaha   laugh 
took forever to get tht red outta my hair!  laugh 
"honest!!!! if you wanna jerk me off, like this status  if you want me to give it to you in the ass, put a ? if i am your friend (with benefits), put a  smile   if you want to go out and have a one night stand with me put a  laugh  if you miss me blowing a load on your face put a  annoyed   if you ever wanted my cock in or around your mouth, put a  laugh   if you're brave enough, re-post this as your status "
"\so    choking yourself out is fun \"" -me and my random statements """
holy shit! there's gonna be a professor layton vs  phoenix wright game  tht shits gonna kick ass!  laugh 
dude! last nights episode of bleach blew my fucking mind!!!
ouch! taking off the electrical tape from my nips hurt like a bitch 
hey! who's got a fuckin yu-gi-oh deck? i really want to duel and i'm being 100% serious 
"<propmale> masterson: women line up to go out with me! \her: i don't see any women lining up to go out with you, and even if there were, i would be last in line  \dm: maybe if you hit the treadmill more often you will be in first  me: hahaha! i love dm "
so who's going to homecoming!?  laugh 
tron legacy is gonna be so tight!
holy shit  egging on-coming buses is the funnest thing you can do for less then 4 bucks   laugh 
ah  that episode of bleach was good for memories   smile 
"\hey  can you help me out with something?\"" \""sure  with what?\"" \""just my erection!\"" \""i'm not helping you with that \"""""
well homecoming sucked hahaha 
i'm officially addicted to minecraft  -__-
fuck!!!! i would die and lose all my shit in minecraft!!!! x(
just home sitting on a comp  chair listening to talkradar! thts what makes a sunday great   laugh 
"\ i wasn't touching my <propmale> while touching you guys   talking to you guys   fuck \"" -mysterious stranger"""
i just saw like aizen's ultimate form and i think i just jizzed my pants 
wtf? y does illuminati spelled backwards  com take you to a government site? itanimulli com
"pulling an all nighter with <propfirst> aguilar  we've watched jackass 2 5, family guy, wristcutters, and independence day "
what!? gantz's manga is about four times longer than the anime and its still going on? fuck yea!
"ooooooooooooooo internet connection how u torture me so!!!! y are u being such a fucktard right now, i ask? fffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
yea! i just passed the cinnamon challenge  it's so fucking gross  it took me me like 5 minutes to do it though  <propmale> aguilar is my fucking witness! do you have the balls and the strength to do it? i doubt it   playful 
fuck it  if everyone's gonna have a cartoon profile pic i might as well be the 1st yu-gi-oh character 
\   which according to certain users\,5c52c579525371592b0203231d5ef253,finishing up the lights on the roof  fuck its cold 
not gonna lie- all this shits really getting old haha 
it's the choo choo shoe!
"although it probably wasn't that amazing to other people, i just had one of the best nights in a long, long time with <propfirst> aguilar, <propmale> lucero, <propmale> verduzco jr  ,and  mextly <propfemale>   tron was fucking amazing! totally fulfilled my e playful ectations for it   laugh "
just finished watching pokemon the movie 3 with my little sister  it was always the last good pokemon movie   frowny 
fuck yea! i just ordered the tron soundtrack ochestrated none other than the great daft punk duo and! i also ordered einhander!
"hit a baby with a car and your cool, but if you hit a car with a baby you're fucking awesome!  laugh "
"oh my god    dont ever    dont ever!! fucking watch lopez tonite!!! it suckss so much!!!!! it literally causes my physical pain to watch it   crying  once conan ends, change the channel immediately! d:<"
holy shit! captain falcon has dark brown hair and his eye goggle things are attached to his helmet  awesome!  laugh  i just beat f zero gx  one of the hardest racing games known to man  > laugh 
i'm playing  fuckin pokemon red on my tv!  laugh  anybody got a gameboy color link cable and  pinsir or magmar that they're willing to trade?
damn it! wtf is my latest bleach episode!? they still haven't uploaded it!  crying 
fuck yea! i just got borderlands for 8 bucks brand new from target  someone fucked up hahaha!  laugh 
roses are red  violets are blue  all my base are belong to you   love 
"damn, i just belgium waffle slammed tht bitch! > laugh "
i forgot how fun counter-strike source was!  laugh 
hahaha i find it funny how the cs players will stop and look at a nude spray while in a match 
2day was long  im tired hahaha 
up this late and blowing chunks  fuck me! -§§-
omg! one piece is getting so good right now!  laugh 
"lol  i love following conan on twitter haha  fwd: conanobrien: just invented the word \bro-ner \""  still working on the definition """
fighting missingo   smile 
do hipsters like nickleback?
"excerpt from pokemon: the first movie annoyed \brock: \i didn't know vikings still existed \""\",5c52c579525371592b0203231d5ef253,"damn girl\y u so hot!?"
mmmm  new tosh  0 in 20 mins  can't wait!  laugh 
i know the voices in my head aren't real  the dog told me so 
shut up you street rat!
<propfemale>'s back in black and white!? awesome!  laugh 
"omg  japan got hit by a 8 9 earthquake and a tsunami! that fucking sucks  :,("
fuck yea  married with children in the morning!? i'm down   laugh 
fuck im tired  its gonna be even worse with kids  -______
i hate mgs2 on european extreme     -§§§§- i don't know how i ever beat it two years ago 
"\did you smell her breath? it's like she was nibbling on pieces of shit!\"" -<propfirst> reynolds    i love it's always <propfemale> in philly hahaha """
"i hate going shopping with my mom but hey, at least i got devil may cry 3 and the world ends with you out of it   smile "
