7f37b184b039bc793f68c09ae10413be
"happy new year, everyone!  i have high hopes of a positive and prosperous 2010!!!"
cascade here we come!!  could it be a little colder?!?  good thing only the boys will be outside     
"glad to be home   good to get away, always good to get home!  with my child in one piece, too   ugh   gotta get him back up on the horse though - can't be afraid!"
"back to work tomorrow for one day, and then off for st  <propfirst>!!!  i think i can handle one day back    "
crabby boys need to go to bed at 8pm 
i hate stupid people that play games 
it's a new day today!
can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep!!
hey all you 90th street friends - i'm thinking about the block party!  how about the first saturday in september??  i heard it's supposed to rain that day   haha - we are due for some good weather   let me know how this date works!
"the block party is on - saturday, 9 12 - we're closing off between keefe and townsend this year (since that's where all the real party people are!!)   more details to follow soon!!!"
went to a candle party and won a sexy man in a jar   what more could i ask for?!?
what a great day with nothing to do  smile 
five days until lots of fun!!!  mmmm i can taste the first cocktail already   
"four days four days four days (yes, i need to get a life!!!)  smile "
rain rain go away!!  ok you can stay tonight so my grass gets greener but please go away for tomorrow!!  smile 
"candle, anyone?  smile "
"looong monday    but pretty soon i have a week off, so i can make it!!!"
"woo hoo, vacation for the next 6 days   what should i do first     "
what a beautiful day!!!!  it took long enough for summer to get here   but what a great way to dive right in    
"\character - the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life -  is the source from which self-respect springs \""  amen to that!"""
"my fav gals are helping with block party fliers tonight  woo hoo, it's coming up   can you taste that first frosty beer in the middle of the street??  how naughty   "
what a great day today   i wish it would never end!
"other than online rsvps, i only have one official yes for the block party!  come on, neighborhood pals - let's spread the word!!!  doesn't even matter what the weather is like   we'll have fun no matter what    "
off to make some money   hopefully!!!  smile 
time to take a step back and let the common sense take over where the heart shouldn't be!  smile 
happy almost first day of school  smile 
enjoying the beautiful weather today    what great weather we've had this weekend!!!
"wanted:  big, strong neighbor man to come to my house and move the block party barricades down to the other side of 90th   apply within   no e playful erience needed  wink "
"the position is filled, thanks to <propfirst>!!  more duties to come     smile "
go pack!!!!!!!
"\the only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible \"""""
"not surprised   disappointed, yes - but honestly, not surprised "
excited for the birthday get-together tomorrow!!!!
i'd rather be frosting cakes and making pickles with dotsie 
reality bites 
"dotsie, i will never forget all the halloween parties we had at your house and how you dressed up as <propfemale> diller   you were an amazing woman and i will never ever forget you!!  rip! xo"
let's see how honest fb friends are   leave a one word comment that you think describes me  it can only be one word  no more  then copy and paste this on your wall so that i may leave a word about you  this should be interesting  smile  and please try and be nice about it!!!!!
i'm ready for today to be over  sad 
tgif - yippee!!
"love the weather!!!  the only thing better than spring fever is spring fever in fall, when it's oh-so une playful ected!  love it     "
today is a great monday   what a difference a week can make!!  smile 
fun night ahead of me    i hope!!!  smile 
first day of a nice short week - can't complain!!!
what a great happy day to put a smile on my face  smile 
"happy thanksgiving - i'm thankful for my great family and my wonderful friends, and all those little surprises that pop up to put a smile on my face!  love to you all "
"off to the christmas store with <propfirst> - our 3rd annual trip there, can't wait!!!!!"
putting up the tree today    the real challenge is finding room for it!!!
note to self: get new tree that doesn't have color-coded branches       
"i definitely need to stop watching fairytale movies with happy endings!  why can't life be like enchanted?  ok - except the cartoon part, but you know     smile "
note to self: read quizzes before taking them!!  secrets may not really be secrets  smile 
what a crazy weekend   i will be glad to go back to work in our cool decorated office!!!
hate the weather   afraid to drive   anything else?
"another night of work    but i am not complaining!!!  hopefully they are a thirsty, generous bunch!!!"
open gym at west until 10pm   what's up with that   i can't wait until <propfirst> can drive himself home!!!  (i may regret saying that    )
i seriously could go for a martini right about now    a really big martini     with a kind and gentle handsome man serving it to me  wink 
"no martini today   however the kind, gentle (slightly naughty) handsome man is still welcome here!!!"
tgif and welcome to that last stressful weekend before christmas  smile 
good luck to all my east coast friends - i hope the weather isn't too bad!!!!
happy first day of winter!!!
"yiipee it's like friday today!  looking forward to a nice long weekend to collect my thoughts   and spend the holidays with my family, too!"
<propfemale> christmas to all my fb friends!!!!!  drive safe and be grateful for all the wonderful things and people in your life 
"everything is done and ready with nearly one hour to spare!  whew, i pulled it off   think i will have a glass of wine to celebreate  smile "
i hate computer problems!  guess my laptop will be heading back to visit the geek squad!  sad 
still love the move enchanted!!!!
attaboy <propmale>!!!!!!!
"a little shopping, nails done, a great packer game, and a movie with my fav boys!  what a great way to spend a chilly sunday  smile "
back to reality today!
another unrealistic love-based show i quite enjoy is grey's anatomy   where else can a woman with cancer get married to the handsome doctor   all the while imagining she sees her ex-fiancee?  ok i'm watching re-runs   but still   love it   i am the <propfemale> of fantasy love stories and i refuse to give up!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
"happy new year fb friends!!!!  oh yeah, and go bucky!!!!!!!!!!"
off today!  but no time for relaxing   i am a woman with a plan!!  smile 
what a day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"be nice, mother nature     "
hot pink and black 
"i hate strep throat  sad    come on antibiotics, do your magic    "
"today is feeling like a good day!  throat is feeling better   the heater is working upstairs (thanks, jim!!)   i can't complain  smile "
ok fb friends    looking for some good vibes and good <propfemale> this week - no luck so far and i could use it!!!!!!!!!
"i jumped on my brother at the dinner table because i'm not crazy  ok, that was so boring compared to singing to a surfer in my bathroom!!  smile "
"describe me in one word, using the third letter of you're name  this is fun  answer me and then copy as you're status and see what people say about you • ? •"
i love re-runs of grey's anatomy!!!! love love love!
"using only four words, tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in jail together  then copy and paste this into your own fb status and see what responses you get"
i am all sql'd out!  saturated is a better word   back to studying      
"off to the county <propfemale> tonight with my work friends    should be fun!  anything else going on later tonight?!?  come on fb friends, hook me up  wink "
yucky weather   but just think if this was all snow!!!!!!!!
go colts!!!!!!!
question of the day for my it techie friends -what exactly is the purpose of  indecision  in a pl sql block???
what is up with this sore throat    enough already!!!!!  sad 
"good things are coming my way   i can feel it   anywone with some spare good <propfemale>, please feel free to share!!  smile "
"if you have a sister who is your best friend, has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin, then copy and paste this to your status  the world would not be the same without our sisters!"
good day so far    fingers crossed!!!!
today could be the make it or break it     all votes are for make it!!!!  smile 
"i got the job - woo hoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  thanks to all for the good vibes, <propfemale>, and prayers!!!!!!"
go to urbandictionary com and type in your first name  post this as your status and the result from urban dictionary as the first comment 
if my laptop wasn't with geek squad right now i would be throwing it out the window!  ugh   i hate technical difficulties    
"yippee back online   just not with my sporty pink laptop   $350 to fix a $700 computer, does that even make sense?!?!?"
"love the snow, hate the belt that is off my snowblower    !!  thank heaven for a big strong boy with a shovel  wink "
tomorow is my last day at bca    very bittersweet   i'm excited for a new adventure but sad to be leaving it all behind     
seems like it's time for change   i think it's in the air - but change is scary 
"two days until the new job - very excited!  got a welcome basket from them via ups yesterday with a water bottle, picture frame, all kinds of snacks and <propfemale> - how nice!!!!!"
yippee - my fav movie enchanted is on usa - my <propfirst>'s day is complete!!!!!!!!!!!!!  always good to live with a little hope for <propmale> charming   
pretty sure i won't be able to sleep tonight   ugh   nerves   hate it!  i need to find my inner calmness      
"first day of the new job and i love it!!  love the people, love what i know about the work so far   it's going to be a great transition  smile "
"today was a great day too - i feel very lucky and blessed to have gotten a new job at all in today's market, but finding a great job is really the icing on the cake!"
"attention <propfirst> <propfirst>, <propmale> wright, and 82d st school alumni - what ever happened to that reunion we were talking about??!  let's do it for sure this spring - i will help with organization but drop me a line if you would join in!  i was thinking of just somewhere like shepherds or corner pub or something    ideas anyone (especially you, zoy!)???"
what a relaxing day today    although it is quite quiet without a houseful of kids!!
i will be very happy when <propfirst> is home safe and sound today!!!
my brain is tired  smile  
hard realization and very humbling:  coming from a job where i knew lots and going to a job where i don't know lots!!!  i know i will learn   but anyone who knows me well knows how not patient i am   tomorrow is another day  smile  
"i did something of purpose at work today   day by day!  smile    other than my inability to be patient, i am thankful daily for the great new job i have!!!"
"well it's about about 4 weeks since my car was in garage  so it's a good time to go back, huh?  nothing like a hole the housing of the transmission to add a little excitement to life     ugh!"
it's movie line week here on facebook  cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines! don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines!
i think there are still some things i hate about the new fb format   i'm a creature of habit and i want it to go back!!!!!!!!!
nothing is ever as it seems    i hate that 
never doubt for a minute that every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family! let's see who in my friend's list actually pays attention  copy and repost this in your own bulletin  you can't choose family but    you can choose friends - love ya!
"tgif tomorow   i'm ready for the weekend   going to see hairspray at the milwaukee theater with my pal <propfirst>, and dinner at bacchus - should be fun and i can't wait to sing all the songs!!!!"
dinner at bacchus and hairspray at the milwaukee theater - what a great night!!!
"sons outgrow our laps, but never our hearts    put ? this ? on ? your ? status? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? awesome ? son(s) ? in the ? world "
"another great day today   thinking and working very hard at the new job, but i am so happy to work with great people!!!!  my brain might possibly be dead at the moment but a little sleep will refresh that "
gotta love this weather!!!!!!!!!!
loved the weather again today!!  spring fever is officially here    look out  playful 
"ps - sisters are awesome   for all of you with an awesome sister, you know exactly what i mean!  totally selfless caring and love   love ya, kimmy  smile  xo"
"when i grow up, i'm going to be a realist   really!"
my spring fever is totally up and down like the weather   today is definitely an 'up'  playful 
"dear car <propfemale> gods:  i've had enough, okay?  i talk nicely to my new car, take her to get a nice bath and still the check engine light comes on   enough already!!!!!"
ahhhhh spring fever    the best and worst thing that can happen to a gal like me  smile    i love the weather and can't wait for it to be warmer!
the beautiful weather   need i say more?!?!?  the spring fever is killing me    
"allright 90th st  pals - it's block party time!  easy this year - everyone bring food, tables, and chairs we will have more time to enjoy each others' company   how about june 24th? (<propfemale> if you are hungover, i'm sure you have no interest but think about it tomorrow!!!)  smile   i propose mexican fiesta - easy and delish!"
alright - enough days of being sick - enough!
i love you and will miss you dad    xoxo  sad 
"thank you, everyone, for all the kind and thoughtful wishes   it's a hard few days but it's nice to know we have lots of wonderful friends "
"a true friend doesn't care if you're broke, you're slightly mental at times, you can't keep a secret, your house is a mess, or your family is filled with crazies   they love you for who you are  true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  re-post if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend "
"hey 90th street friends    mark you calendars, the block party date is set - saturday 6 26 at 3pm!"
happy mother's day to all my mom friends - enjoy and <propfemale> every minute with your families!!!
hi 90th street pals   today i rented a slushy machine and a popcorn machine for the block party - let's make it a real celebration this year   life is short and precious!!!
"you're sitting in a bar, a song comes on and you suddenly think of me  what song is playing? copy and paste this in your status and see what songs you get"
hot weather - can't wait for the pool to be in place and ready to go!  then comes the deck and then the celebration   it's time for some happy times with family and friends - no more funerals!!!!
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!  and sorry to those of you that i sent the birthday virus to!  sad 
the hole for the pool is officially dug   **fingers crossed** that the installation goes as smoothly!!!!  kudos to phoenix excavation  they are great 
missing my child already and it hasn't even been a full 24 hours!  although i know he is having a blast!!!
"not loving the 4 inches of water in my basement tonight  sad   at least it went down, and knock on wood it did not cause a sink hole like on the east side - but it's a huge mess!!!  come on mother nature   enough!"
great day today    all those worries and nightmares for nothing!  smile 
"my neighbors are awesome!!!  (thanks, <propfirst>!!!!!!!!!!!!) "
"great night tonight   played <propmale> polo in the pool with <propfirst> and some friends, and then to baskin robbins   doesn't get better than that!!!!  smile "
<propfemale> - amen to that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday dad   thinking about you and i'm smiling up at you!!!  rip xoxoxo
me an janese having beers with lake effect!
lake effect rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
today is a good day   you have to love a day that is just plain 'ol good for no real reason!  smile 
"hey 90th street party pals    we have to go to papapalooza at papa's pub on saturday night 8 21   this great band lake effect is playing - it will be awesome!  let me know if you can go, maybe we can have some cocktails here before going over there!  smile "
"who'd have thought i'd have sweet <propfemale> on a cd in my car????!?  gotta love good ol' songs that make you want to sing and dance!!! (note: thanks, lake effect!!!)"
can't wait until saturday - state fair with <propfemale> and <propmale>!  add a little <propmale> michaels and an ice cold beer - it doesn't get any better!!  smile 
i love my sister kimmy!!!!!!
"tgif tomorrow, finally!  a week and a day until papapalooza for those you counting (like me!)  playful "
what a difference a day can make!!!
i hate it when i can't sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"today's the day!  mother nature, please be nice  smile "
what a beautiful day!!!  it feels so good to have the windows open and get some fresh air in the house 
finally got the right hd cable box for our new big tv - holy cow what a difference!!!!!!
"and the countdown continues    5 days until papapalooza!  lake effect, we are officially groupies  playful "
hump day is over    it's all downhill from here!
i love days that are just good because they're good  smile    carpe diem      
"hey everyone, don't forget papapalooza tomorrow night!!!!!!!"
lake effect rocks   need i say more!?!?!?  smile 
"ok - let's all agree, videographer will never be a career goal of mine    if you watch the youtube below of lake effect, keep in mind that i probably had a summer shandy in the other hand      smile "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v annoyed 2gfix laugh iom
life is good  smile 
how great is it to have a bar and a mini fridge in my garage!  great garage sale purchases that will definitely be put to good use  smile 
ps-way to go tosa west jv!!!!!!!!!!
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"ok gals, when is the next scentsy party???  i am running out of <propfemale> limeade already!!!!!"
what a great pool day!  the yard work will wait        smile 
i love the movie 50 first dates   where are all the men like <propfirst> sandler in real life?!?
what a great weekend - beautiful weather!  way to close out the last few weeks before closing the pool  smile 
"if you believe in jesus christ put this in your wall  dont just ignore \this because in the bible it says if you deny him, he will deny you in \front of his father in the gates of heaven  this is the simplest test: \if you love god and you are not ashamed of it, copy this "
i'm feeling the urge to do something wild and crazy       
i was just washing the dishes listening to the kids laughing and having fun in the pool    what a great noise!  nothing better than happy kids  smile 
i definitely need a martini   or two 
"it might not be swimming weather, but at least it's not raining!!!  smile "
i love my neighbors!!
"thought of the day    there is the saying \friends don't let friends drive drunk\"" - but i have officially changed it to \""friends don't let friends text drunk\""!!!!!"""
what's up with stupid neighbors calling the police on kids at 9pm    i have no use for them but seem to be surrounded by them   i wish i could pick up my house and move it down 90th to somewhere between keefe and townsend!!!!!!!!!!!
back to reality tomorrow   i can't believe how fast the long weekend went!!!!
what a crappy day   i seriously need to go to bed and wake up tomorrow and try again      
and ps - mean people suck 
today is a new and fresh day!
"today's a better day - going out with <propfemale> this weekend, i can't wait!  look out town, here we come!"
st gregs with <propfemale> - look out world!!
looking thru tons of old pictures from my dad's house   good memories but sad too   love you both mom and dad and miss you lots xoxoxo
preparing myself for a most unpleasant day   ugh i just want it to all be over  sad 
"a true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, what you look like, if your house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with crazies; they love you for who you are  true friends can go long periods of time without speaking, and never question the friendship     repost, if you have at least one true friend; they will know who they are   wink "
hate it when i can't sleep  sad 
i definitely function better when there is some sunshine     i think i need to buy a sun lamp or something!
i would love to go to vegas for 24 hours of fun     any takers?!?
shopping with my sis today and then a nice cozy nap with the dogs   what a perfect way to spend this dreary sunday!
i hate it when i can't shut my mind off 
tomorrow is a new day!
it's the full <propfemale> that makes me act like this   i swear!!  playful 
i stole this from <propfemale> but i love it:  if you can't handle me at my worst than you don't deserve me at my best   love it!!!!
time to close the pool   how sad   can't wait until i can open it again next spring!!!!
nails and cheesecake - what a great combination for a nice <propfemale> day  smile 
"another night in urgent care with my child   for those of you keeping track, that would be twice in september!  torn cartilage or something in his knee   he has an immobilizer from his thigh to his ankle   that knee will not be moving!"
is it saturday yet?!?  i need some fun!
tomorrow is a new day (thank heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!)  smile 
yippee it's finally lake effect day!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"note to self:  i am not 21 anymore!!  fun night but i can't handle those late nights anymore!  lake effect, you rocked  smile "
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=aznu9iaof8m
"let's try this again    \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=aznu9iaof8m"
"ok i think this is it    \\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=pmquykgvtyu"
"some more lake effect!\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=rihfpjvsehu"
"more lake effect - gotta love 'em!\\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=wxahzzdqzxk"
finally friday tomorrow!!!  what a week 
my brain is tired 
i need to find a way to have more <propfemale> for annoying people      
i think i need (and deserve) a wild and crazy trip to vegas!!!!!!!!!
"this is i love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong (or something along these lines) copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever!    re-post       if    you have an amazing sister like i do!!!!!"
one last tiki bar get-together tonight - so sad to see it put away!  stop over anyone in the area!
why do weekends go by so fast?!?!?
"can't sleep, can't sleep     too much on my mind   i hate this!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"tgif tomorrow, woo hoo!!"
nice headache today thanks to the icky weather  sad 
i love my new easy button!!!!  everyone should have one  smile 
i hate the wind!!!  the pool cover has already blown off  sad 
"let's see how creative my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your first name  it can only be one word  then copy and paste this to your wall, so i can leave a word about you  don't just post a word & not copy to your status    play along (and be nice   haha!!)"
my thought for the day - life is too short to waste a single moment being unhappy!!!!
looking forward to a fun day at the mall and water park with some of my fav kids!!!!  smile 
"i can't believe our fun weekend is already over  sad    great time at the mall yesterday!  as an added bonus, <propfirst> clarkson performed!  that e playful lains that other gazillion people in the mall      smile "
mean people suck 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=zpg1n1b0ydw&ob=av3e
woo hoo lake effect friday night!!! i'm in need of a good night out  smile 
living life for what it is and enjoying every single minute  smile 
what a fun night!!!!
awesome night last night with the <propmale> e playful erience and lake effect and all my pals  smile 
"dear fb friends: i promise to leave my phone at home next time i go out  smile   love, <propfirst>"
"bring it on, world - i'm ready!"
"life is challenging  sometimes, there's more pain than we ask for; sometimes, there's more joy than we can imagine  it's all part of the package, and the package is good  we are not victims of life  we can change our attitude, life does not have to be difficult "
"if actions speak louder than words, then why do words hurt so much?"
"i'm stealing this quote from a quiz because i love it!!  live the fact annoyed f - forget the past\a--accept the present\c--change the future\t--then smile  smile \\love it!!"
"happy thanksgiving, fb friends   <propfemale> your family and friends and remember everything there is to be thankful for!!!"
"what a great long weekend - lots done, lots of time with my fav kid (and my fav twin born two years apart!)!!!!"
"beginnings are only possible where there are endings  clear acknowledged endings are as necessary to intelligible life, as pauses between notes to intelligible music  although endings sometimes feel like the end of you, take them for what they really are, - the end of a stage in your life  here is to new beginnings!  (thanks, <propfemale>!!!)"
awesome word of the day: automagical!  love it   that's how we roll  smile 
fun day with my sis <propfirst> platek today!!!!  smile 
this weather bites!  i would way rather be sitting by the pool   only 6 months to go     
tgif!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hate the wind    hate it hate it hate it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"mean,selfish, self-centered people suck "
i think today will be a good day!  smile 
gotta love the (almost) full <propfemale> and the craziness it brings!
"off for a nice long weekend   hmmm, what to do first?!?  smile "
"<propfemale> christmas to all my fb friends - it's been a rough year, thank you all for sticking with me through the thick and thin   on to a bigger and better new year!"
counting down to a happy new year   hopefully the new year brings more joy and less loss!  smile 
way to go pack!!!!!!!!!!
four wheel drive rocks!  smile 
"to all the unselfish moms out there who traded sleep for dark circles, salon haircuts for a ponytail, long showers for quick ones, late nights for early mornings, and designer bags for diaper bags, and wouldn't change a thing  let's see how many moms post this who don't care what they gave up and instead, love what they got in return  post this if you love being a mom! ? i know i do!!"
woo hoo go pack!  smile 
i love my new snowblower!!!!!!!  smile 
"your sons will hold your hand for only a little while, but will hold you heart for a lifetime  it's son's week    if you have a son who makes your life worth while living by just being around them, and if you're proud of your son, copy and paste this to your status "
yippee lake effect tonight!!!
what a super fun night last night!!
this weather brings on a little taste of spring fever!  look out world      smile 
finally friday!!!!!!!  what a long week 
"love the sun    better enjoy it today,sounds like it won't last!"
<propmale> <propmale> rocks!!!!!
dear mother nature: please bring early spring back - please   i said please!!!  smile 
ok today is a new day     has to be better than yesterday!!
omg i was looking thru old memory stuff and found a purple 45 of purple rain!!! now if only i had someplace to play it     !!
lots of fun with matty at papas!!
@matty phanara rocks!!!!!!!
spending some quality time with my favorite boy today     thanks <propfirst> for hanging with your ol' mom  smile 
sunday night already    back to reality tomorrow!
friday has to be here soon - i'm so ready for the weekend!
yay tgif!!!!!
not the least bit tired     ugh 5am will come really early if i don't get sleepy soon  sad 
"after about 16 hours of pretty much uninterrupted sleep, i am finally starting to feel better   thank you god!"
watched love and other drugs     can any female watch this movie and not be in love with <propmale> gyllenhaal?!?!? wow   
it's a good day today!!!!  smile 
"tgif fb friebds!!!  sunshine today, lake effect tomorrow    should be a great weekend!"
holy spring fever!!!
loving life right now  smile 
i firmly believe that a leopard does not change his (or her!) spots    and i believe we see an example of this almost daily 
fun day today starting off with my fav sis at the y and ending with lake effect!!!!  smile 
ready for some serious fun and dancing!
danced on the bar woo hoo!
<propfirst> cash!!!
"lake effect rocks, day light savings sucks!!!!!"
another beautiful <propfemale> day!
is it really monday?!?  sad 
why settle for the little knife in the drawer when the big knife is really what you want to use?!?  wink 
today is so beautiful it should be spent sitting outside have an icy cold <propfemale>!! i hate it when responsibility gets in the way   
everyone is <propfemale> on st  patricks day!  celebrate with a green beer or by kissing someone named <propfirst>!!  smile 
i'm so over being sick!!!!
i heart mr  big  smile 
pineapple!
yay for thunderstorms!!!!
"i want my thunderstorms back!!!! what the heck, doesn't mother nature know it's spring?!?!?!"
looking forward to some me time tomorrow and a fun saturday too!!!
mani pedi done   what a wonderfully relaxing day! come on weekend i'm ready!
outside tosa west in awe at all the high schoolers with shorts and or no jacket   i think they got mother nature's memo!
lake effect tonight-yippee!!!!!  smile 
what a day!!
"love my lake effect pals <propfemale> and <propfemale>!!! and <propfemale>, so glad you came tonight!!! lake effect rocked the house as usual    love you guys!!!!"
much better and more productive day today    thanks to my main support at work for allowing me to ask for help!!! (you know who you are!!!!!)
dear mother nature:  where is the sun?!?!?
yay here comes the thunder again!!!!!  smile 
back to reality and my part-time job as <propfirst>'s taxi driver!
