fd0dc5d1c343dbb5e9e436349121156f
"you're in my body, thats where i think about you"
yay '10! great start  
get me off of facebook!
whos tryna talk right now?
no more food network on cable?! nooooooo!!!
makes music with his mind
has blurry vision  please help
"turn off your mind, relax, and float down stream"
"back in a civilized, air conditioned, shower-ready, bug free, electricity ready, fresh smelling, enclosed shelter"
phase 1 begins
"war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength"
"the world is more evil than hell  quick way to change that, listen to the beatles"
luvs jax wadup jamiegetzzitt
i hate you regal  way to ruin my july 15th
"got to admit it's getting better, a little better all the time"
"the beatles lied, its not getting better, a little better all the time"
canada 12 hours !
in canada 21 days
canada til the 12th
canada
never take friendship personal
coming home today
home sweet home  
nobodys better than <propfirst> manley
is creating something out of nothing
woke up too early today
does not know what he's doing
is luvin ajax to the <propmale> ax
10th shower of the month
is vexed
"is in so many \fan check photos\"" its ridiculous"""
watched obama tear shit up
luvsss jaxx shhhh 
"there is no such thing as truth, nor goodness, just a world filled with deceit"
missed the true blood season finale and entourage because of some girl
go to guru tomorrow
sleeps never tasted so good
is glad to know the world's cold
scum of the earth 
all you need is love
crose all night
fuck! i cant believe i pissed myself last night!!!!
"crose changed my status, he's a horrible rapper"
pep week this week! wear a college tshirt tomorrow!! or i'll straight kill your firstborn
pep week this week! dress to impress!! or i'll straight slit your jugular
pep week this week! wear pink for breast cancer awareness!! or i'll straight gouge your eyes out with a pencil
"pep week this week! wear blue and gold tomorrow, buy your semi ticket for $10, bring money for our $1 everything bbq, and come out to the bonfire around 730!! or i'll skip the nasty torture and just straight murk you"
"homecoming weekend!! tomorrow- football game vs  perf amboy at 2 pm and then semi-formal at 7 pm in the commons, $12 for tickets at the door! come watch the game and dance, or i'll straight waterboard you "
free movies!
wished he knew whats goin on
jackacrackalacka
just got that liking battle win  whats good
weight training for friday night
school overdose
<propfirst> <propmale>
looks ridiculous
what am i doing!?
"in new york city, going to a say anything concert, with jaxxxx"
"eat corn, your life is only so long"
where was last night?
found the missing light
disney world till sunday! whats good?
"forgot to l o  , but loves my baby j love "
is basking in the <propfemale> of shame 
get me off of facebook
"come to musicfest on friday!!! 7 pm in the auditorium, you'll get to see me on stage    and other people    come  theres nothing better to do in north brunswick on fridays anyway  <propmale> sanchez"
"musicfest tonight! 7pm in the auditorium, be there"
"doing bad stuff, life in a nutshell"
down and out
oh its gonna be a sleepy afternoon
who's tryna wax my bodddd before game time tomorrow?
come over
is startin off on that right foot
"macbook, like what up"
wake kidddd
kills kills kills little girls
whos tryna do something tonight?
crazy
wtpa2nite
my basement was the spot last night like daaamnnnn
<propfemale> out with me tonight and ill pay you   yes its come to this   
just finished the sts lab get at me
$5?
"7 pm at cardinal mccarrick tomorrow, meet at mcdonalds at 6 to get a ride  gooooooo!"
"raider bball game, just go to mcdonalds at 6 for a ride we're leaving for cardinal mccarrick at 630"
whos trying to take me the colonia game?
"nobody knows you the way you know you but i think i do, yeah i thought i knew"
"sat class homework at 1 am, solid"
"game against <propmale>, home at 1, you have to be there"
boredddddddd
whos tryna teach me probability
wear sweatpants to school tomorrow d00d bro
"wear red for aids awareness tomorrow, though medical marijuana is legal now in new jersey for helping such purposes  "
"college day tomorrow, wear a ru shirt, get 5 dollars"
"pep rally tomorrow, wear blue and gold! juniors are winning btw"
food network is back!
tryna chilllll?
has been lost
2 days
"tomorrowwww, lets hope i double pass"
t-12 hours
legally can see a rated r movie! yes! life is complete
"thanks guy, totes mcgotes"
98% sure i double passed
"obamas speaking, get off facebook and watch"
who's tryna drive me home after pd 7 exam?
cf yeaaah boyyyyy
mad babez
mighty morphin power rangers on abc 7  right now 
math all day all day
just slept for 15 hours
"i wanna get fun'd, who's down?"
1 day of school this week  yeah 
"to anyone who wants to have school tomorrow, youre a moron"
"dc tomorrow, my games been delayed a good 10 hours"
"talk to me, i dare you"
<propfirst> while <propfirst> had had had had had had had had had had had a better effect on the teacher
not sleeping tonight
killin babies like its my job
datz what happens when you bunz
who's tryna whip it in my car?
<propfemale> hill for deca states till friday? dats whats up
"back from <propfemale> hill, finally"
"finally can clap his index finger and middle finger together, eat it"
smells like straight kryptonite
suck it canada
i cannot wait for volleyball!!!!!
just keeps coastin
save your breath and get down with me
im jello!
"who's tryna be in my \brunswick best dance crew\"" crew?"""
nb all day e'ry day
"two periods of school tomorrow, can i get an amen?"
"shooting for a 2400 tomorrow, the ets got nothin on me"
give me lights
"its a waste, probably im alright"
coastin through the times like its my job
"cannot fall asleep, help me"
who's tryna take my chem test wednesday? i'll pay 20 dollars
who has suspenders or a red bow tie i can borrow?
"so tomorrow at 7pm you should come see me at mr nbths in the auditorium, there will be a good surprise, i promise"
so clearly i didnt get recorded last night
i wont be moving till early evening
"flying through the rainy clouds, you aint got nothin on me"
is the solution to every world problem
just hit the jackpot
sleeps more than you
has big decisions to make
here we go raidersssss lfg
needs someone to make him a sandwich now 
should have taken acid with you
is totally getting raped or abducted when kyleigh's law goes into effect may 1st   
someone delete the members from my sgo president <propfemale> cuz i really dont want to
oh the idiocracy of the students in our school
"is used to your absence, your faceless distractions"
who has a black visor?
the places ive been in my head will out do the places youll reach
<propfemale> hendricks is hotter than <propfemale> fox? false
the things ive done   
come to brunswick's best dance crew at 7 pm in the auditorium for 5 dollars to watch anish ponyboy saripalli and <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> dance harder than anyone's ever seen before
welcome to blucru international
needs some paper
"information of apush, please enter my brain by thursday and stay until may 7th"
is your newly elected nbths sgo president
honors math analysis anyone?
lets do something outside
nothing good will come from this
who wants to get chipotle at 2
looks like aziz ansari supposedly
7 pounds lighter from this new starvation plan
my phone wont stay on
is the voice of a generation
"most popular search on google in the past hour? \ap us history practice tests\"""""
r i p apush
"hey ap music theory, you just won the game"
"yo bro, tomorrow"
might have some
assembly tomorrow   mandatory? (scale of 1-10)
is gonna blame it on you
"sgo is hosting class olympics tonight at 6 pm in the gym! come all ye faithful, everyone knows there is nothing else to do on a wednesday evening"
utopiaaaaaaaaaa
likes his comments
yay for ticks in my belly button!
someone grab bagel 1 with me
"hello you all, welcome to my mind"
why is there chocolate all over my bed   ?
needs to stop sleeping his days away
"<propfemale> fitzgerald has an open house, party "
needs some paper
"yankees game tonight, whats up"
flies through the sky
could possibly be bo0o0o0or3d
will be hosting the mtv movie awards tonight
stop crampin our style without givin us the credit
a raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continuously from the bottom of the glass to the top 
"can't slow down, its the fast life"
where'd my roof just go?
is waitin on june 27
"1 final from monday-thursday, hello summer bummer"
"youre such a tool, stop living for a few years"
i luvjaxx
liked this!!!!!!!!
north korea!!!!!! communism will make its comeback today
<propmale> greene for south <propfemale> senate
"facebook just gave me (less importantly, everyone else) the power to like comments   oh no"
yes! board of <propmale> meeting for a long time!  love  presidency
"1 more final  honors math analysis, i will lose"
summer is in 3 hours!
"hi summer, youre about to get wrecked"
lets go !!!! momnouth camp tomorrow bout to go in!
who wants to watch true blood with me tonight
runs shit
needs a job
wtpa?
wtpa again?
is confused
ld all day
whos tryna tryna <propfemale> <propfemale>?
is so happy his senior pictures are at 7 pm tonight! wooooo!!!!!!! i love late time photography
goodbye ghana
early bird
wishes one could sleep
cant wait to move into his rutgers dorm this august!!!
enjoys not being able to control drooling
who wants to go $1 bowling at 9
fbpiatbrfd
"passion pit concert, hello sunlight"
"dmb concert tonight, epic duel of passion pit vs <propmale>"
she's donezo
whos tryna tryna do something?
has a knife and fork   plus lamb
found a seaside rendezvous
scoawwsw
give me something to do
sticks to lysol when entering narnia
wo0o0o report cards
got broke with all that cash
capt #70 football4lyfe
ftpn
connor pastrick
what did <propfirst> holmes do? connor pastrick
feels so cool because <propfirst> fisher decided to make fan facebook <propfemale> of me  thanks <propfirst>! now i feel like a celeb! connor pastrick
couldnt be more bored
4+3=7 thats me
<propfirst> washington was a fake like <propmale>
is standing at the edge of extremes
connor pastrick
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>
soyab khatumbra is in love with sami hussey    <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>
summerten
summertin
summertun
has a new band
"you wanna be in a crew with <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>, anish saripalli,and <propfirst> dacruz for sgo president1? if so, audtions will be held tomorrow in a anishs garage  show up or connor pastrick will get you "
"<propmale> petty and the heartbreakers at msg, thanks tait pirkle  love "
awake      
<propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale> anish saripalli <propfirst> papermario mangiapane <propfirst> dacruz for sgo president1
didnt know one could tell someone else's daily life through smelling throw up
"<propfemale> dilalla where <propmale> thou, bro(ther)!!!!!!!"
wants to be taken out but ;cocaine
done
is gonna soak you in this <propmale> formaldehyde
fbpiwtgmdot 
"needs a stellar plan at world domination, current one is failing"
twitter?
aziz at the beacon theatre on 11 6 anyone?
"who's taking apush, honors math analysis or ap chem next year"
my baby is back  smile 
<propfirst> fisher is definitely t as hell!!!!!!!
was torn into bits by his crew today
like this if you have friends!!!!!
like this if you have a facebook!
like this if you have an elbow!
like this if you have ever kisse a moose!
like this if you agree that <propfirst> <propmale> is gay
who wants to learn how to play piano?
cant stop smh!
someone come over!
"hey you food, you inferior species, come into my belly"
give me a new headdress
"jk, its <propfirst> fisher time"
just did the unthinkable
"stop your stupid rotation earth, its up on my grind"
"is the funniest man in town, hands down"
"football team bonding, lfg!!!!"
lets do something
has a shirt on  successful day to say the very least
its been 90 years since the stupidest amendment ever was passed   smh    
do you know what it feels like loving someone that's in a rush to throw you away
"has faith, just take the jump"
be wylin cuz i'm young
?????????
hopes facebook can take this beating
"nbths, 7 smile 0 am  its on "
cant miss waking up this early
iphoned boy text me your name i need em
yearlong lunch with the president: exclusively when you join fifth period lunch
"is wide wide awake, helloooo night time"
broker than a thespians leg
is broker than a levee shooting out water in new orleans
should never wake up early because the morning isnt ready for his radiance
just settled into my college ave dorm  wush gud obama
<propmale> and brendaaaaa  love 333
ate a corn husk for $67 34
lunchables all day
"can smell the state championship already, can i get an amen connor pastrick and <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>?"
is holding auditions for a sandwich maker (obviously means females only)
should probably go to sleep asap
<propfirst> manley have another birthday tonight
come thru for the rutgers game
has been stripped of the heisman trophy
who wants to buy my rohtos eye drops
someone come over
"could have given you everything you wanted, everything you needed"
looviiiiinn @<propfemale> gibbbbbbons
kidding!!
found the hole
school school school! nbths nbths nbths!!!!!!!!!!! <propmale> hey!
"'s parents will not leave his room, exactly why i wouldn't have a problem studying in europe for the next 4 years"
<propfirst> mcelroy    cops   
"to all the jewish people in the world, thank you"
is <propfemale>
liars gonna lie
g o o d friday @ kanye's blog
is awake n shit
scumbags will always be scumbags
<propfemale> will get you two fucks  just you watch
chipotle anyone? ohhh yeah boi
is on to the next one
doesn't know how to eat anymore
true blood and entourage finales what else does a man need in life?
"has won the game, oh yes, cue the celebration"
"is up up and away, so much for being afraid of heights eh?"
just got deleted
unfuckingbelieveable
"just saw a geese fight at bicentennial, they go hard"
"going to the game in new b even though its pouring, the prez gotta do what he gotta do, ya digg? <propfirst> trifecta <propmale> anish gruesome twosome saripalli"
"sweet, my sickness increased"
can't keep up with all of you
is against prohibition   smh
who took ap calc ab last year?
wonders if his iphone's autocorrect will ever understand that he curses
hey its my moms birthday today!
it is very hard to write a script
twitter com dacrewz follow a niqqa
this is the status youve all been waiting for  model <propfemale> meeting after school tomorrow for all new members!! come to it!!   youll get to spend 4 days with me in dc!
will be famous soon just watch
do not let the bastards grind you down 
must stay awake
im a man who has to deal with drama    smh
"red white & blue theme tomorrow  due to the patriot act, every student in nbths must comply with the theme"
is over his status updating limit on twitter   
wants to look at you and smile  wear college apparel tomorrow!!!!
"burn your bridges, bury the dead, and cover your tracks  cuz all i had is gone"
i dont know why more people haven't killed themselves  youre useless to society you know
wear a tye dye shirt tomorrow and help support us defeat communism!!!!
"<propmale> giraldo died in new brunswick today, smh   "
"defeat sexism, chauvinism, ignorance, hate, and especially breast cancer by wearing a pink shirt in school tomorrow  protest cancer and its stupid little cells that it gives people as christmas presents  stomp out that cancer cell one shirt at a time  wear pink"
"wear blue and gold and defeat cock fighting  i smh at such animal cruelty  look at our agenda: showed our patriotism, got into college, defeated communism (thank you a <propfirst> <propmale>), defeated breast cancer and then swarmed our bleachers with blue and gold  i'll smile so very hard if you comply with this theme  because youre worth it"
needs anyone from nbths to come to the commons and help set up  i will then do anything you ask for excluding cock fighting  animal cruelty is bad
<propmale> woodward is on hbo totally thought nixon killed him   
"homecoming semi-formal dance at 7 tonight! be there  i promise you the decorations will amaze you  $12 at the door, bring your i d's! doors close at 8"
hopes you enjoyed that dance
"you are mine common app, yes, yes, yes"
wtf is an intermediate value theorem?
my mood will be my inevitable doom
tell me where i should get dinner and i will take you on a date
perf aint ready fo de bidniss ya know wut i mean? ~1~
is at chilis eating some bottomless chips
why am i up so early? boooo!!!
help a niqqa out and tell me the calc ab homework?
does any apush student want two years of z's notes by any <propmale>?
turned 21 today
do 3 people want to see deadmau5 for 325 each? vip tix niqqa
inbox only: tell me something you have always wanted to say to me  stays between us  put this as your status and see what responses you get 
cant wait till theres the time thats gonna be done cuz it aint ready to be good
i like the whole apollo 13 parody communitys got going on   13
30 rocks live! its like snl    but less satirical
just quit the smurfs thanks to anish
"dodgeball tournament tonight at the nbths gym, 5 to enter  come watch me and my smurfs do work  this is a command"
"<propfirst> mcelroy i never knew you shared a birthday with 8 other of my facebook friends    however youre the only one who deserves this status, happy birthday"
"slept my entire day away, thats a good day"
like for like dislike rate date confession
gotcha  wink 
http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=b4uf9rsbbhc&feature=youtube_gdata_player
so this is how i get into harvard   http annoyed  www businessweek com magazine content 07_43 b4055063 htm
"if it aint a rat, it aint a snake, then it must be <propfirst> trifecta <propmale>"
gang violence is bad says <propfirst> diaz thank you
is getting bodyslammed on friday wushguddddd
friday night fellas
"every person has a 1000 wishes, a cancer patient only has one: to get better  i know that 97% will not post this as your status, be the 3 percent and put this as your status, at least for an hour, for those whodied because of cancer or are still fighting it    in memory of <propfirst> youngman 9 15 08 ?"
wear your bleacher creature shirt to school tomorrow!!!
the raider boys at nothing to mess with
did anyone realize nb is so pimp we get two homecomings?
"hates fake mcs, they always act hard, but wont walk the streets without their bodyguard"
"<propfirst> <propmale>, anish gruesome twosome saripalli, and i are trendsetters  wheres the credit nbths?"
http annoyed  sports yahoo com soccer blog dirty-tackle post guilherme-brazilian-footballer-modern-day-bust?urn=sow-279733
cant find the right song to sing
"i am sick and tired of looking like a fool  if you think i'll be passive, youre stupid "
we take no pity in raider city 6-1
another game another win
"welcome to my frat, 5 dollars to enter, 10:1 ratio  men to girls of course"
why is every girl a cat this halloween   ?
"2 down, 4 to go"
you dont know me you crazy woman
needs his scarf 
mdib smh  
flashes bask
why do i look this way
raider nation: we getting that white division championship tonight  everyone come out at 615 for senior night
ain't nobody ready for norf brunzwick
fuck yes i just got into rutgers business school new b!
is fat
totally just won
cant comprehend this situation
who wants to be my escort for mr nbths    <propfemale> elkhoury <propfemale> m-flow dilalla are tough to follow
clear your schedule cancel your plans for friday  come out and see me host class of '14s comedy night at 5 pm then go to the 3rd home football game in school history at 7
freewiz!
1-3 bout to get the sauce
damn i missed the powder puff for dinner   who won?
happy veterans day  honoring some of them at nbths today was mindblowing
come to comedy night tomorrow at 530!! then be at our 3rd home state playoff football game in school history at 7!! be loud at this game it's more serious than ww2
winner winner chicken dinner
"i hate people who believe birthday weekends exist  no you have a birth day  you were not born over 2 nights, youre not that important  trust me "
is in miami bitch   more like <propmale> so let's just say in florida bitch
who's going to bishop tonight? <propmale> wont give me a ride
brick ain't ready fo da bidniss yo day about to esperience norf brunzwik
we still da best team in the world north brunswick  the raider boys aint nothing to fuck with
is trilogical
home!!!!!!  sad 
i'll try this again   who wants to be my escorts for mr nbths
would have made high honor roll if it wasnt for calc   
hb <propfemale>
"mdib <propfemale>, mdib"
air force?! are you kidding me!
smells like lavandar and citrus mixed together on clouds
8 hours of sleep the past 2 nights? i think thats the magic number
pmunc all day e'ry day niqqa
what nb pmunc'r is tryna drive a niqqa
fight of the week: <propfirst> <propmale> vs <propfirst> gruesome twosome dacruz  come out at see it at mcdonalds on saturday at 9 pm
new theory: wednesday is the most awkward weekday
attention north brunswick township high school: the most mind bottling event will be taking place tomorrow at <propmale> at 7 pm  the dance is amazing and so are anil mathews anish gruesome twosome saripalli <propmale> panico and <propfirst> mcelroy  $5 for entrance $3 v i p  card (bring a canned good and you'll get it)
niqqqaaassss upload a video of me shiiitttt
omgomgomgomgomg!!!!! its pep week!!!! guess what that means nbths? you're finding a band t-shirt that you used to rock in <propmale> and you're wearing it to school tomorrow! wear it or be burned in effigy
"i have so many band shirts, scene fo life"
wear sports apparel tomorrow to nbths and youll get money
"best  day  ever ! dress to impress day! dress up, look fly, look fresh, look pimp, look hip, look (any adjective you want to look like)  cmonnn you know you want that breakfast in homeroom, free cookies!"
"don’t focus where you been, focus where you trying to go"
blue and gold today! pep rally today! whippin us some <propmale> ass at 7
"best  class  ever  best  day  ever  <propmale>, u aint redy fo dat bidniss"
"\lets go raiders let beat <propmale> lets get a season like football did\"""""
call me nostradamus i called committed winning the sing off from 3 weeks ago
sayreville? nahhhh
"stop requesting me spotswood, i know i look good but damn"
first moments of christmas will be spent in a church wushguh
i refuse to be stuck in my house because of this snow
let's <propfemale> out
game tomorrow at 2 pm at new brunswick against south brunswick! be there!
women seem wicked when you're unwanted
come thru i dare you- north brunswick raiders vs  east brunswick bears in the holiday tournament final today 3 smile 0 at new brunswick high school 
i just saw <propmale> hoke at the library!!! christmas wishes really do come true  smile   smile   smile 
i got that taco smell
"can anyone say \one one\"""""
nah seriously who has 5 dollars
facebook fight
damn it i have the wiz khalifa giggles from this
boo for deleting the facebook fight!
"7 pm basketball game against <propmale>, be there!!!"
just placed first at fbla nationals    this is surreal
ayo someone talk to me
indabapiwetrust
do you think i could get it?
yoooo theatre revue? so so worth my five dollars
who has 5 dollars
"can i pretend to fit in and say i had a \willllllldddddd assssss niiiigght last night yo damn cant even find my shoes! smh  \"""""
im mad late to school
dont go to cardinal mccarick tomorrow! its a made up bird! but please do show up to class olympics at 6 pm (promptly) in nbths' grand and newly redone gymnasium
 smile  !!!!!!!! so happy happy happppppppppppy
class olympics at 6!!! be there nbths
like for a best feature
how is it that im still awake
did anyone else get selected for this naep test?
nbths excused me from my midterms because its my birthday!!!
schools canceled
"oh facebook, how nice of you to all wish me a happy birthday   t-14 minutes smh"
whos tryna shovel?
bball game today  home  against sp  1 pm  be there
the end is near my friends
rip young blood
nb runs the world
my week could be slightly more eventful
bach fathered more than twenty children datswushgood
yessir   honor roll status
my moms a mad good driver
got my <propfirst> pregnant  datswushgood
found dc wrapped in a blanket
"iz jersey bound, peace naimun, best four year relationship i've had in awhile"
world: go to mcdonalds for dinner it's for a good cause
head spinning
no ones at my house  banger
getting sleepier by the minute   sos
god damn my stomach type queasy  ihop smh
everyone wear white tonight  be there at 645 the game starts at 7  this is a huge game it's the state quarter finals so everyone please come
smh at trentons class
whos tryna go to prom with me
semifinals tonight @ nbths y'all best come out in white  '11
my arduous and injury-filled career as a bleacher creature has ended   on to the next one
damn it
who put you in charge of the mayo?!
yahtzee!!
<propfirst> mevorah makes my pants pitch a tent   wink 
and ill take yo dessert fo free
gonna miss <propfirst> mcelroy when i go to bed tonight  sad 
smh
just made some bangin falafel shout out to <propfemale> elkhoury
to lax or not to lax?
who wants to buy my kid cudi ticket for april 23 for 85
who tryna chill outside on that real
japan? who cares   you've had it coming since wwii   karmas a bitch
damn that fab five on espn is mad inspirational
student faculty bball game tonight 7 pm in the gym  be there 
paying 22 people $10 a pop to go to a redbull game with me and pretend to be my friends? #datswushgood  todays gon be good
prom date? anyone?
wide awake at 4:11    thanks <propfirst> sheen
"no matter what time of the day it is, your always here to put me to sleep"
i love lemonade
beard long time no hands <propfemale>
got into boston college business school? what what?
"<propfirst> chedid is having an open house, 5 at the door, he told me anyone can come"
i woke up and you were all sleeping
"wear tye dye to school tomorrow, cuz theres a hippie inside of everyone"
