e6aeafe54674fd24cb2bec06866de683
i am really bored and i gots a headache
yo yo yo!!!!!!!!!! me is so bord as usual
i dont think i need to clean my room?????????? do yall???????????
hhhhhhheeeeeeeyyyyyyy
no school not one book in the house i havent already read omg im going to die of bordom
            is it cold outside or is it just me????? lol hahahaha
ok so i found something t read   just to occupie myself anyway    
it snowedddddd and dude we got like at least 8 or 9 inches!!!! its soooo coolllll
mom said she is gonna get me a cowboy hat lol she thinks i look goodin one   ??
omg soooo tired dude  i got up at 10 and i think thats way to early  somethings wrong with meeee!!!!!!!!!!
just got my hair done!!! it looks   (two words)   awe an some!!! lol tee-hee ill get my pics on tomorrow cuz i to tired to get up and to it now 
<propfemale> tired as usual lol but i gotta go to church then help momma pick up the house     sigh all this work for one blond sad isnt it??? hahaha
mommmy are we going to tha mooovies?????? peas and carrots??? spoon    ???
"sooooo sad and stressed     with grades, kcct testing after spring break, just tested in taekwondo for my high green belt, gar got a gf and hes working all the time, just a whole list of worries           sad  tear sigh"
hey guess what going camping tonight  just a lil' tradition us carlson folk have lol
"he gave her 12 roses  11 were real and one was fake  then he turns to her an says \i will love you till the last one dies \"""""
welll      just had first day of testin    so far so good  its actually easier than i was hopin for  lol anyway me and sammi are gettin em the watch a scary movie lol if they come over this weekend     mommy i love you     (tee-hee that should get 'er done)
ok fine your not short     your fun-size right lol
"woke up feeling nothing like p-diddy lol  sammi was on the couch with me and <propfemale> was on the chair  we fell asleep watchin <propfirst> helsing  sammi left her phone outside all night so me, her, and <propfemale> had to walk all over my yard in the rain to go find it  lol nut it still works!! she is sooo lucky cuz if i did that my phone would be completly ruined "
is very tired for some reason!!! legs hurt like heck  im having to take break from taekwondo which reeeaaalllyyyy sucks!!! but its supposed t help   sad  tear cnt run or jum either  man i cant do anything i mean ya might as well get me a wheel chair and call me crippled  lol <propfemale> sad
   you did what?!       with who??!      for how many cookies????!!!!!! lol just love it  its <propfemale> funny 
"sooooooooooooooooooo bored  lol anyway    um yeah thats about it  bored, and listening to breaking benjarmin which by the way is my new favorite band    in case you hadnt noticed  lol"
wishes us all luck at the try-outs next friday  i probably wont make it but its worth the shot right??
ooohhhhh what a day         a very boring day  gosh i sound horrible        ah well  lol ily
greattt     7th grade    gosh i feel old    ah well  ha ha! hate that schools out cuz i aint got nothin to do  txt me if ya got my number and if you ont then your wierd  jk   smile 
is in love with theirry    and night world   
summers here!!!!!      it can go away now  its toooo hot! well if you are <propfemale> phillips or <propfemale> chaney you nee to text me so we can see each other before next year please 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy yall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  guesss whhhattttttttttttt????????????????????!
"kinda tired, had so much fun at camp! rrreeeally want to go to blume next summer  that would be sooo cool  cant wait cuz i get to go home in a week or two!!!!!! it means i going to rockford,il  we going shopping and i get to see grandpa again, well see ya later  txt me~*~"
is tired as ever      
thinks dreams are todays answers to tomorrows questions 
just got home from illinois! had some fun but its good to be home  lol
school starts august 11  ugh seems like summer wasnt even here   man!!!!! this sucks  lol text me cuz im board and want to talk to someone  
"just when you learn the game of life all the rules change over night, its so dangerous to play it safe, you get what you want by giving it away, not everything is what it seems, its never just one meaning, when life starts to make sense the world is upside down again, your trying so hard to be someone else when all you nee is t be yourself \\~go figure~"
life is a little boring at the moment   not much happen except school but its still going so i guess thats all the matters    puttin my schedule on facebook monday so yall tell me if i have classes with you!!
"wishes hours flew by like seconds *tick tock tick tock*, wishes all your prolems would be fixed just by the tap of a finger, and there was such a thing as your own little world *but bigger*  tired as ever cuz i stayed and emilys with sami and didnt get to sleep till 3 smile 0 lol moms were not happy   "
"homeroom-wilson\1st-wilson\2nd-long\3rd-davis\4th-trimble\5th-wilson\6th-ethridge\7th-hawkins\anybody got me??????please???"
well first day back to school was confussing as heck!!! and since when does mrs  boone have 7th grade for 1st period???? lol anyway glad to see all my friends again and hopin they liked seeing me too  lol i understand if ya didnt lol 
"well im    soar     very very soar  i dont know what to do anymore, lol, ah well  everythings happenin this week its just plain crazy so ima probably gonna go back to sleep now  love yalll!!!!!! night!"
"shes a wild one    with an angels face  shes a womens child in the state of grace  she was three years old on her daddys knee he said you can be anythin you wanna beeeee!!!!! she a wild one runnin free!!! \\love that song!!!"
me and <propfemale> are sittin on the couch listenin to ne-yo lol text us!!!!
lol my birthday is in two days  so is like 4 of my friends cuz their bdays are the same as mine  moms bday is today  football plus taekwondo plus 7th grade omg im gonna go crazy before its over  lol well         yeah thats about it  see ya!!!!!! &-)
lol thanks yall for the birthday wishes  d: kinda had a suckish bday cuz i wasnt feeling good but momma is taking me shopping tomorrow so i guess it makes up for it  hahaha
"well im hurtin like crazy cuz yesterday me, momma, evron, papa, and grandma all pulled fence yesterday from about 7 to 1 smile 0 and i gotts some scratches and moma got some bruises but i did surprise my self cuz i was actually working  hahahahaha krazy right???"
"ooohhhh my goshs!!!!!! im tired!!! went line dancing with <propfemale>, mom, evron, <propfemale>, and <propfemale> yesterday then spent the night at <propfemale>s, then went home and went to evrons first football game and <propmale> out with <propmale>, <propmale>s mom, cherakie, <propfirst>, and brooklyn and then they all left so <propmale> came and me, him, and my parents <propmale> out and watched the game, then went to the old car show thingy and finally home     hahahaha"
"soooo upset!!!!! the collage i want to go to is niu (northern illinois university) right? okay well in 7th grade we have to do these things called ilps and i looked for a creative writing program and dekelb doesnt have one!!!!! :,-( tear     "
haha hey anyone good at chemistry??
morning peoples!! lol
lol sittin on the bus going to school  <propfirst> updated his status to this and said he was sittin next to me so i just had to clarify it  hahaha
morning everyboby!!!! i am so tired  lol 
"i'm not trying to be self-centered, but i have a funny looking jacket that makes you hug yourself  i bet you're jealous    "
mornin   sad  people got me up this mornin just to go to walmart     still tired probably gonna go back to sleep  haha
"i'd put something clever here, but you wouldn't get it  &-) haha i win!!!"
finds it odd and very sad how everyday adults walk passed thses kids who are smoking and they act like they dont even care   sad  i mean seriously they need to watch a little closer cuz one day that could be their kid     
offically knows why they make white crayons!!! its an excuse to have a white sharpie!!
going dress shoppin with momma and grandma!!!! lol this should be fun      jk love ya momma!
if the world depended on me doing just one chore a day    we'd all die 
life is a dream  the hardest part is waking up to reality 
dance is tomorrow so i gotta clean my room when i get home    sad  lol     
im tired    end of story 
samuels phone talks!!!!!  sad  why cant mine do that??
"hahaha love the song \turn on the radio\"" by <propfemale>!!!"""
lol never   i repeat    never wear a white shirt and make a chocolate cake    wink  tee-hee    
omigod!!! i dont know how you people with fake nails text! my keys arent big enough!  sad 
"lol seeing old friends and bringing back those memories and laughing to yourself thinkin \gosh we were idiots!\"" hahahahahahaha!"""
dont hate me cuz im blonde  hate me cuz im smarter than you!
i love you!!!!! like this if you love me too! comment and say dislike if you really love me!!! hahahahah
okay im sticking to sonic javachillers!!! that coffee crap momma and daddy drink is horrible! no offence mommy 
lol <propfirst> is undressing his orange juice     lol he forgot to refrigerate it so he thinks hes gonna die    
lol just made tons and tons apple juice at grandma's house  gonna smell like apples for months   smile 
"this ol' house is all protected by the good lord and a gun, and you might 'em both if ya show up here not welcome son  wink "
"me and brooklyn feed the camel and it tried to eat my hair!!!!! tee-hee\\btw, brookyln is my new sister!!!"
its cold outsides!!!!!!!! i-s gots my hoodie on!!!!!
"daddys friends came down from illinois   cant really figure out what to do in a small town like cadiz, ky  any suggestions??"
boooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! cant wait for halloween!!!! any suggestions on a costume? idk what to be 
sooo tired    tryin to go outside and do something but all i do is come back in   lol i sound so in shape!!!!! *sarcasm* well i'll probably go jump on the trampoline for a while or just go to sleep  c ya!
dares you o post your biggest blonde moment below   tee-hee!!!!!!!!!
qi love how today in church we prayed for rain and as soon as i got home it started pouring down rain   laugh  so for all you people who think praying doesnt w
qork think again  
a blonde and a brunette are hanging from a <propmale>  a boy comes and can only pick one to save  he picks the blonde so she claps  smile 
hahaha love that stuff they give you before surgrey that makes you all laughy and gigglely!!! lol i dont remember it all that well but mom said i had her and grandma crying cuz they were laughing so hard  lol thanks for everyone who prayed for me cuz it went very well but now yall just nee to pray i get off the couch   
when your a reader your a believer  when your a writer you make people believe 
"still feeling sick  feels kinda funny to breath and my nurse mommy left before i even got up  :,( ima go either fall asleep or play on the computer "
"playing euchre with mom, dad, and evron and yet so tired so me and mom are losing but thats also because we dont get it and its daddys game "
its <propfemale> pretty outside!!!!!!        from my bedroom window under the covers     tee-hee
"book club!!!!! \middle schoolers annoyed <propfirst> chaney and i have offically almost started a book club for the middle school  if you are interested like this post  if you have questions comment and ask them  we will be sending home letters about later  but you need to actually want to read!!!! no slackers!!!!  smile  \                                                                                                       -z"
extremely <propfemale> and dark out here and moms tryin to drive   sad  dont none of yall try and drive it in too!!!!!!!!!
     oh    my    goodness     dallas <propmale> and shannyn sossamon named their kid audio science    
fokay i need help  i've been having a thing for writin lately and i need 7 cars that guys and girls would both love to drive  (i only need names but if yo
"fu actaully want to give the car to me, i dont think mom and dad would mind )"
im going shopping with cooperville and my's momma!!!!!! in clarksville!!!!
i dont know if i really like the new profile pic but momma said i was pretty so yeah 
in the pageant tomorrow so y'all need to come watch me!!!! hahahahaha it's at 1 smile 0 in the little theater 
finally heading to the pageant    ughh!    that was crazy    
"goin to the rodeo with the fam, tayler, <propfemale>, skybug, and maybe <propfemale>  haha should have fun"
"hahahahhahahhahha!!!!!!!!!!! tayler just got touched by the huge bear and it rubbed her head!!!!!! im crying and she kept saying \kylie dont let it touch me!!\"""""
so tired    sleep just wont come   sad 
hahahhaha im eatin pancakes!!!! bet yall cant say that at 8 smile 0      hahah
hmmmm       dont really know whats on my mind  watchin pretty little liars   hahahaha im addicted to that show    and eat popcorn and drinkin an rc  its rain ut the weather feels so good so im upset i cant go outside     hmmm    guess there was something on my mind  tee-hee
ive had about four songs stuck in my head today and once i get a new one i want the last one and cant remember it   sad 
"what <propfemale> do    what <propfemale> do    \kinda tired and bored out of my mind  any suggestions?"
book club and taekwondo today!!! and its raining    should be a good day!  playful   smile 
watchin the lighting!!!!     sigh    i love it    
holy cow       its sooooo bad out here                
you cant see the road!!!!
?«and we're stuck  we is headed towards lindas until we can see the road but we aint like going to her house  hit the sitch and we parked when we got out 
?«so just sittin here 
sittin with <propfirst>  lol he was lookin at my last status so i thought i should change it 
"i will not bow! i will not break! i will shut the world away! \lol love that song"
eatin popcorn!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yes things are going great     lol
"im barely hangin oooonnn\so if i fallll, will ya let meh down easy?"
"if a dream is a wish your heart makes, then what the heck is a nightmare??"
it matters   oh it matters to <propfemale>   
"ohhh what a lazy day     did absolutely nothing    except me and mom went to the hardware store but that was about it  momma and daddy put in the counter top and even though it wasnt the color i pictured when mom said black, i have to say once they redo the backsplash i think its gonna look good   smile "
<propfirst> has his <propfirst> bieber mask on!!! hahah
its so coooldddd!!!!!!! yet it was so warm that one day     sad (
morning everyone!!!!!!!
me and <propfemale> are gonna throw paint filled balloons at ceiling fans!!!
we're like fair and gasoline  we're no good for each other 
we're like fair and gasoline  your no good for me  im no good for you 
its a good day yall!!!!
just played badmitten with the momma and have been staring at this screen forever tryin to find something to do so now my eyes hurt  sad (
tired  going to fall asleep on the couch watchin ghost adventures again   my normal weekend habit   
so so lazy    don't think i'm gettin off the couch today tee <propfemale>
pretty girls turn heads    me and my girls break necks!!!!!!  smile 
yall dont even realize how boring it is in little ol' cadiz  and especially at my house 
grrrr      he never told us how to use two variables      sad 
its national kick butts day!!!!! so yall better put down those cigarettes!!!!  smile 
wont be able to eat till 1pm and didnt eat breakfast or dinner yesterday and for lunch yesterday i barely ate  what the heck people?!
going home!!!! that phrase has never sounded so good   
headin to em's bonfire! gonna be fun  laugh 
bored   just woke up   text me yall
"ragonfly\deech\hish\squish\wiger\katipillar\dorse"
the worst bed in the history of beds    
daddy and my little brother aree watching step brothers     should be interesting   
my purse smells like sea food    i havent even been near sea food    
another fire?? whoa we got like a bunch around this area  this is like the fourth one recently 
kind of a crappy day to go to nashville but us girls is headin over there!
it's cross dresser day at school   whoa    
if heaven wasn't so far away    
i hate being productive    my house of cards keeps falling down!!!  sad 
oh our mothers     ya gotta love 'em  lol especially when your compare them with your cousins who happen to be the daughters of your mothers sister  haha love you guys!!!!!
man i gotta go to nashville in this crap     sad 
its offical  the wnedys in eddyville is the best ever  (that maybe be just cuz im really hungry though)
