53de81ffbac4c73472ce0efd0b919ae2
ouch   t_t
"is busier than she e playful ected to be today, but not as stiff and sore as she e playful ected to be "
"can has beautiful, shiny, gorgeous new hdtv   &hearts;"
is so exhausted    urk 
is wondering 
wonders no more 
just almost died 
is feeling a bit evil   laugh 
is wondering if she did something or has some sort of communicable disease that she can't see 
is that the sun coming up?  crap   
could use ten naps right about now 
kupo 
had a blast at distant worlds   but is surprised she didn't sleep until the middle of the afternoon today 
is working all week   d:
"doesn't have much else to lose, and feels strangely good about that fact "
"wanted to accomplish so much more when she got home today   oh well, nap time "
can hear the mighty roar of a woe-kitten
adopted out the woe-kitten!  awesome day for adoptions at work   ^^  tomorrow's gonna be even better!
doesn't like her new haircut    sad 
is a little more okay with the hair now that it's not full of weird styling stuff 
"is thinking about bed already   geez, i'm getting old   ><"
is feeling super special awesome   happy independence day    smile 
"has some serious icky cage cleaning to do, and then   maybe karaoke later?"
is glad to be done with icky cage cleaning for now   i love how one good clean corner makes me want to keep going   hopefully that'll <propfemale> over tomorrow 
finally has a heart!  it's made of plastic and has an on off switch 
is being super productive today and feels super awesome because of it   &hearts;
can feel herself crashing and doesn't like where her thoughts have headed 
is feeling stressed-out and crappy   ><  hopefully the turnout for our <propmale> show is better than the turnout for the karaoke night was 
should not still be wide awake  damn it   
"it poured on us at the <propmale> show   i got to walk the half a mile back to my jeep in the heaviest part of the storm   but i got home an hour and a half before i'd ordinarily get off work, and i'm pretty sure i still get paid for the whole day   now i'm g"
is wiiiiiiide awake 
"alone again, naturally "
"is up at 4 smile 0 am, yay!  ><"
just watched a little girl punch the ever-living crap out of our soda machine e playful ecting it to magically vend   and then burst into tears 
isn't sure of what's right and wrong anymore 
"should not have slept for seven hours yesterday evening   woken up at midnight and actually stayed awake   today's gonna be weird, i can tell "
had an excellent day and is trying to stay awake   
"is anxiously awaiting the return of lake spca   from the looks of our creek, it's imminent "
is having a fantastically weird day   &hearts;
nothing like a random downpour to reinforce my new-found fear of driving at night in the rain 
has very little love for volunteer meeting day   
"is getting new furniture (well, newer and not broken smelling of cat pee anyway) but is happier about seeing her uncles "
"happy <propfemale> landing day, facebook "
"is looking forward to tomorrow   it's got to be better than today, anyway "
had the best day ever 
"is without her jeepy for three days   i'll miss you, jeepy!!"
and half of the spca staff just ran out and played in the rain!
it's my minions versus thee 
has a <propfemale> on her shoulder   it's a little awkward but the <propfemale> insisted   
can i go home and start today over?
is excited about donating 90% of her old stuffed animals   but wonders if she'll be able to drive her jeep as stuffed full as it is 
is off to the demolition derby~!  woohoo!
is nerding out over a huge poster print of a flyer she made 
is making magical peach cobbler 
gets to spend her day with booger the bulldog 
is glad she has a few less things to worry about this evening than she thought   now i'm gonna go collapse somewhere for a bit 
"can't sleep   all i can hear is mom watching jurassic park, and that damnable theme   curse you <propfirst> <propmale>!"
had the most wonderful day   &hearts;
is *quite* sick of being taken advantage of 
made hot dog octopi   they're adorable   
"has a sad, and also a tired   tine to call it a night "
"is still shaky from yesterday, but is going to work hard today regardless "
is too exhausted for meteors tonight  or much of anything   goodnight   
is going to bed now   when i wake up stuff better be normal again 
"had a wonderful, beautiful day, as e playful ected    smile "
it's like a swirling cloud of suck just enveloped my evening   awesome 
"is looking for a new place to live, and possibly a roommate "
"had an awesome day at the batting cages, even though she made a fool of herself   ^^  also i has a guinea pig!"
is going to the beach on tuesday and is super-excited about it!
"had a craptacular day at work, but it doesn't matter now!  off to the beach tomorrow!"
had a wonderful time at the beach   off to unconsciousness for a couple hours   &hearts;
"is baking pineapple upside-down cupcakes!  now if the oven could *not* catch on fire this batch, that'd be awesome "
"is at work till midnight, save a three-hour block from 3-6   aloha~!"
didn't realize she'd get to swim at work today!  pictures to come soon!
"was having a crappy morning, but a snake made it better!  and then she died from cute "
"is feeling very, very strange "
is not off to a good start 
"found her phone and got wonderful things from the farm market, so the day's improved!  plus, i have weekend plans for once!   smile "
thinks her mom may have just realized she's afraid of snakes   ^^;
should not be awake at this hour   ><
is sans-computer for a few days    sad 
is going home   will likely be unreachable for the rest of the weekend    smile 
is ridiculously busy today 
has a lappy again   &hearts;
has a completely silent house   and it's really freaking weird 
is finally caught up at work   and is still in high-energy stress mode   *twitch twitch*
wonders if maybe she overdid it   ><  my poor voice 
is off to richmond tomorrow   hopefully my lazy goes away by then too   ^^;
had a wonderful two days in richmond   even though the weather didn't really cooperate   i touched a shark~!  back to routine tomorrow    sad 
has a box of <propfemale> hats at her desk   the things people donate   
is really nervous about her three-year review at work and has been dreading today for a while   we'll see what happens i guess 
"has a very, very angry snake    surprise "
made a huge breakfast   beat loco roco   and is going to clean up small animal poop all day   and maybe go to the park 
"is surprised her little phone lasted *this* long   i can still receive calls but my display's dead now   damn, and i liked my little crappy phone "
"got a new phone, but doesn't have anyone's number anymore   gah "
"when they argue over your review, it isn't a good sign, is it?"
is employed   hooray~
is super cheerful~  maybe karaoke tonight?   smile 
had an awesome day in martinsburg    smile 
feels really freaking terrible   hope it's not swine flu 
is feeling much better   anime and bed rest are good cures for lil' stomach bugs 
is off to charlottesville today   now if only the stupid rain would go away   
"had an awesome day, rain be damned    smile   also a crazy old man gave me the stink-eye at a red light!"
"has an adorable black kitten sitting on her shoulder, yowling at passers-by like he's a guard dog "
"arr, i be muchly conflicted   ><"
will relax when she's dead   ><
's fortune cookie said she was going to have a party   really?
doesn't want to be stuck at home with her surly mother all day   anyone want to do something fun?
"is confused and angry, and very unsure of the next step to take "
is feeling much better 
"woke up quite a bit later than planned, but   busy, busy day ahead!  it's party time!  ^^"
is having a rave barbecue birthday partaaaay 
"had an awesome time last night with her friends, got birthday stuff at work today, and is spending time with <propfirst> tomorrow!  plus dinner with mom on monday!  it's like having four birthdays!"
had an <propfirst> come along and save her from a lousy birthday    smile 
is not off to a great start this morning 
"got to break up a fight, held a ferret, did about six loads of laundry, took out the garbage, and <propfirst> for an hour and a half   busy day!  time for sleep    smile "
"feels like she's been hit by a truck, but had an awesome time at the fair!  i regret nothing!  *collapse*"
"will keep trying, even though it seems foolish and hopeless "
"is off to the hospital to visit ken   nobody else is there, right?  this week's been kinda heavy on medical emergencies for people around me   "
is feeling distinctly  annoyed 
has a ferret chewing on the sole of her shoe 
has had about enough 
"made a really awesome apple pie   excuse me, \crostata\""   it's too pretty to eat!"""
actually had time to accomplish things at work today   yay 
can ride a bike with no handlebars
"is relaxing, reading the new volume of yotsuba&!, and listening to the rain   peaceful   but somewhat lonely, too "
"found out she's not that good at absorbing pet stains, actually   ><"
has a <propfemale> in her lap   it's drooling on me in its sleep    smile 
is feeling ridiculously energetic despite the nasty poo weather   how unusual   
isn't sure what to do with her remaining three days off   anybody want to do something fun?
is somewhat mortified that it's calling for snow tonight and tomorrow morning 
feels betrayed 
is already having a much better day    smile 
smells like fifteen dogs and twenty four cats and two rabbits    smile 
has encountered a zubat 
wonders what dogs did to get such majorly preferential treatment over cats 
would like very much to just curl up and sleep for three days 
"had her grandmother give her the entire \left behind\"" book series   um   """
is getting a huge kick out of our halloween cds at work 
is probably fired 
"is not fired, thankfully, but is in trouble "
is up to her elbows in pumpkin guts    laugh 
is eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeviiiiillllll!!  muahahahahahahahaaaa
is watching the first season of snl and relaxing    smile 
the back of my head is in the winchester <propfemale>!  ^^
is having an amusingly weird day    smile 
"is the smartest person in the world today, apparently    smile "
feels like an idiot 
is so happy the weekend's almost here!   laugh 
is wearing her <propfemale> ears and cleaning house a bit    smile 
"rip, maw-maw    sad "
is off to dc for the day   some happy is needed badly 
would like to crawl into a hole and hide for the rest of this week if that's okay 
got crazy awesome compliments at karaoke and even got hit on   definitely an interesting evening   ^^;
"forget about this week, i'd like to crawl into a hole and hide for the rest of this month "
wants a viking funeral when she dies 
it's fun to code using h-t-m-l~?
"is waiting for the pumpkin to thaw so she can make pumpkin log   mmmmmm, edible log "
"it'd be really nice if for one month or maybe two, something stupid didn't happen to my jeep   ><"
would rather not be stuck at home on a day like this    sad 
is feeling like the statue and not the pigeon 
is off to bed so she can wake up at 4 to watch meteors~!   laugh 
spent her lunch break driving through puddles in the rain 
has apparently gained notoriety as a <propfemale> photographer   ^^  people are already wanting to know when our <propfemale> pictures are!  it's going to be crazy busy this year!
would like to stop worrying and just exist for a while 
is somewhat horrified by the rest of humanity tonight   i can't believe how nasty people can be when they have to wait 
forgot what winchester traffic is like on saturday afternoons 
"smells like eucalyptus and spray paint, and is covered in charcoal and graphite   hooray for productivity, especially creative productivity!"
is off to manassas   whee~
"had amazing dreams again last night   thanks, subconscious    smile "
nekomimi mode~!  &hearts;&hearts;&hearts;
only 3 1 2 more hours   then the preparations begin!
"is slightly scatterbrained, but working towards a happy    smile "
had the best thanksgiving ever   i couldn't be happier    smile 
total old ladies shoved: 0   alexes shoved: 1 
"still has a happy even though she's at work on less than three hours of sleep   and it's crazy today, holy crap!"
"is off to karaoke, apparently    smile "
it's not every day you go to work and find a dog ovary in a bag on your desk   
has had about enough weirdness for today   i'm going to lounge in my pjs and watch old episodes of snl    playful 
gets to listen to rush limbaugh all afternoon   fantastic   ><
is in north <propfemale> till tuesday   yay beach!   smile 
drove all the way to cape hatteras today   two more days still!   smile 
just got out of the awesome heated pool   it's really weird swimming when i know there's still snow on the ground at home   back tomorrow sometime!   smile 
immune system operating at 50% capacity   communications are down   battery level low   system crash in 5   4   3   
spent the evening watching old cartoons and godzilla vs  mothra   hooray!   smile 
got a new computer at work   with windows 7   it's shiny and i'm not 100% sure what i'm doing 
feels like something's missing 
xmas shopping: done   next comes wrapping presents and baking   and maybe sleep at some point 
should really just stop thinking and sleep    troubled 
cute bright green vest?  check   holiday socks?  check!  really loud squeaky toy?  got it   jingly thing for distracting cats?  got that too!  let's take some <propfemale> pictures~!
tomorrow is looking like a day for cute snow boots and 4-wheel drive    smile 
"ordinarily loves the snow, but not when she's stuck at home with her mom "
"i'm gonna dig, dig, dig my way to freedom~!  ?"
is ready for happy things to happen now   please   
"aside from soul-crushing exhaustion and having to share my special dinner with mom's stupid boyfriend, today's been pretty great!  there were presents!"
"<propfemale> christmas, facebook   hope everybody got what they wanted "
"well, mom ditched me and didn't make breakfast like she promised, and i spent the day completely alone except for the very end when my friends came over   if i hadn't built an army of robot animals, today would've been a total loss "
apparently desperately needed sleep    surprise 
had a wonderful evening at her coworker's house   got climbed on by the just-recently-turned-four-year-old and there was even cake!  spongebob cake!
has too many inside chores to do on such a nice day   but i can't pass up the opportunity to get them done    annoyed 
is enjoying christmas breakfast   so what if i'm having it two days late and for dinner instead?   smile 
"would really appreciate it if her sinuses would stop hurting every time she stands up, sits down, bends over, or tries to breathe through her nose    sad "
"could've sworn she had to work today, but apparently not   *shrug*"
"has lost so much this year   but gained something wonderful, too, that outshines all of the sadness   i'm full of hope for the new year and happy to leave 2009 behind "
first new e playful erience of the new year: i met a pimp and some hos on my way home   i stopped to get gas at 7-11 and   yeah 
"well it's been a long december, and there's reason to believe maybe this year will be better than the last   "
i'm not sure if an illiterate dude singing garbled karaoke is funny or sad 
work time    annoyed   hopefully it's not too horrible today 
"just got home   and has incredibly mixed feelings   i did have fun, though "
"is vulnerable to extreme cute   am currently without a left arm because oni looks so content sitting on it, purring "
has a working shelter program again!!  it only cost me an entire day of work and the shelter $85 00 for tech support   but it works!!
pink
system reboot in 5   4   3   2   1   ding-ding-ding dingding 
it's too early to have already been awake for an hour   oh well   off to harrisonburg and then charlottesville!
had a wonderful day   &hearts;
"woke up to an e-mail from paypal saying that i sent someone $55 00 that i didn't send them   checked my bank balance and yep, it's gone   what the hell?"
is in desperate need of a nap 
is a poo head
has an extreme happy    smile 
"may not be there yet, but she's closer than she was yesterday "
"is incredibly exhausted, but feels like she got a lot accomplished today   the happy continues   "
"overslept massively   and is losing a day of work because of it   and they're calling it a \no call no show\""   fantastic """
"is looking forward to the rest of this weekend   after 4 today, anyway "
just had amazing sushi for dinner   ?
"is home again   back to work tomorrow   i'm not fired, thankfully "
anybody want to go see bt at ibiza in dc on saturday night?   smile 
"got \mad props\"" on <propmale> <propfirst>'s radio show this morning for the picture she took of a dog they featured   yay!"""
is sitting at work watching it snow   might get to go home early   but also might not get to go to dc tonight if it's too nasty 
"okay, i'm home now   it can stop snowing any time    sad "
is not going out tonight   concert got moved back a week anyway    smile   may as well relax and enjoy the evening 
"hahaha, what the hell, february   that's no way to start "
"grr, stupid snow   ><"
"yup, 3 smile 0 in the morning is the perfect time to noisily plow our parking lot, making sure you hit both the signs and the mailbox   "
does not like that it's only taken three days to completely destroy her sleep schedule    sad   going to bed now   maybe waking up early to snap it back into place 
"is making ridiculously hot chili to help combat the 30 inches of cold, wet misery falling outside "
gets to go out and plow a path for her poor dogs to go out in   snow's probably considerably worse when it's taller than you   
"well, i killed the snow   also my knee   and most of the rest of me    sad "
"yay!  super bowl's off and puppies are still on!!  oh   also, go saints!  yay!"
is going back to work tomorrow   as far as she knows    annoyed 
sang lady gaga at karaoke   it was *fantastic* 
"doesn't mind her new facebook layout in the least   it seems intuitive enough   what's so wrong about it, people?"
"snow daaaaaay~ oh, wait, i'm stuck here with mom again and i really needed the hours   stupid nature!"
was une playful ectedly reminded of a happy time while driving through the tundra outside   it's an okay day after all    smile 
feels out of sorts   time to collapse for a couple hours before i have to work again 
spent her evening watching magic knights rayearth   nothing like a blast from the past to cheer you up after a bad day    smile 
happy celebratable-by-wearing-red day!
"tomorrow will be better, right?"
"danced with a gay dude, sang the final countdown, and feels a little less stressed out but a lot more exhausted   time for bed!"
is gonna go wander for a bit 
today's been full of strange e playful eriences   mostly good   i'mma collapse for a few hours now 
"citizens of winchester, and its surrounding areas:  did you know?  they sell hats at the store   you don't need to skin a guinea pig in order to make one for yourself   "
aaaaand the cat's in the cradle and i hate this song~?
only wishes she could be as awesome as <propmale> is  gosh he sure is swell   
came home from karaoke   and found her <propfemale> had escaped while she was gone   luckily she didn't get out of my room and she was easy to catch 
is still awake   it's going to be a rough day   
this is getting real high marks as about the worst week ever   ><
had a much-needed wonderful day    smile 
"   there is a line to get into this place today!  crazy saturday!  now adopt the dogs, people!"
feels *awesome*   what a great night it was!
"when getting your vehicle inspected, it's never good when they bring you a list of things that are wrong with it at the end "
"once again, karaoke saves the day from being a total loss    smile   oh, and sgt  frog "
"is a double reject this week, apparently "
   it feels like i'm being mocked   i'll show you!  i don't give up 
woke up with a nasty sinus infection and no voice   awesome   ><
has a voice again (thanks to sleep and copious amounts of water) but accomplished absolutely nothing today   so much for the pretty day off 
karaoke was epic tonight   ?
"my boss told me to die   if i don't do what he says, is it insubordination?"
feels terrible   and is pretty sure she's slept through the same episode of the newlywed game twice now   ugh   ><
feels much better   and has some solutions and answers now   it was getting kinda scary there for a bit 
is getting her jeepy back this afternoon (and has a ride to go get it too!)  let the rejoicing commence!   smile 
"had the most weirdly awesome evening, but has officially been awake 23 hours and has somewhere to be in two more hours   do i stay up or get what little sleep i can?"
"please copy and paste this  to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone,  who needs a punch in the face  people who need a punch in the face  affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who  deserves a punch in the face, except a punch in the face, but we can  raise awareness   "
"has a concussion after all   thanks, drunk driver, you've made my day "
won a free video game for guessing when a giant pile of snow would melt at play 'n' trade!  yay~ ?
is chillin' at work in her pajamas   midnight madness is tonight!
is majorly exhausted   had a pretty awesome couple of days though   and sushi!!
"juist rescued the poor abandoned doll in the parking lot   she's been there four days, that's long enough   "
learned a lot last night   and hence didn't sleep   today should prove interesting 
nothing fixes a crappy day like obtaining a bag of crap    smile 
"feels like she understands the things that made her upset a lot better now, and hence, is not upset by them anymore   it really has been an enlightening week "
had a really great day!  there was anime and cupcakes and sunshine and a postcard and a phone call!  and a backpack!  woo!
is not looking forward to waking up in less than 8 hours to go to work   at least this evening was really fun 
woke up 5 minutes earlier than planned thanks to a dream about driving in the snow   is this the butt-crack of <propfemale>?  it is kinda dark 
just got her 2% luck   i feel somewhat unworthy 
so much for being productive today   it hurts to move 
feels better but still wasn't productive   oh well    smile 
"another morning at work   another <propmale> roll   only one more day of work this week and then i'm off for three days, yay!"
is off to the sakura matsuri today!  i'm so excited!   smile 
so much wonderful packed into one weekend   i feel amazingly lucky for once   hopefully it doesn't wear off 
wasn't e playful ecting that   there's been a lot of une playful ected happy occurring the past few days   maybe the wish did work 
is nervous nervous nervous nervous   gah!
kittens make everything all better!
"what an awkward day   ><  bed for a short  while, then work in the am "
the end of this week can't get here soon enough    sad 
a jellybean can try but i'm still gon' eat it 
"had a wonderful evening!   smile   glad i went out, i'll miss you guys till next week!"
doesn't think falling asleep early tonight's going to be a problem     ^^;
is in jersey for the next few days   hoping the weather clears up a bit soon!
went to the really awesome atlantic city aquarium today!  having a great time here!   smile 
is still having fun in atlantic city!  i'll be back tomorrow night!
had a wonderful time on vacation and doesn't care that a huge pile of unhappy was waiting at home   bedtime is now   if i can find my bed under all this confetti 
"introducing the <propfemale>, the world's first hybrid office kennel worker   cleans cat cages and answers phones in a clean, efficient manner "
is off to the park   karaoke later tonight!!   smile 
"wow, there is a crazy scary-looking car fire on 37 near the exit for 522 north    surprise   wasn't e playful ecting to see anything like that on my way home "
"is off to an awesome concert tonight   gonna be deaf and highly exhausted for work tomorrow, but it'll be worth it!   smile "
"\nothing says 'metal' like a pink inflatable bat with 'grand slam' written on it \"""""
is happy to have some plans for the weekend   it'll save my so-far less than fantastic week    smile   goodnight~
"got flowers (well, a flowering plant anyway), and is holding the cutest puppy ever at work   and i get to leave early and go to a festival thing in luray with <propfirst>!  it's a happy day!   smile "
"who needs sleep?  not me, apparently "
is once again glad she has plans for a much-needed happy weekend 
good ending to a bad day   awesome thunderstorm and the dog who's been here second longest is getting adopted!  yay!   smile 
awesome night at karaoke   just what i needed!   smile 
wishes she could get her sinuses replaced with ones that don't get infected at the slightest irritant 
is quite sick of not having a voice   
is off to <propfemale> beach for a few days!   smile 
mmm   hot tubs are nice    smile 
calamari + curry = awesome   ?
last day at the beach   it's been really relaxing and amazing here!   smile 
just got home   work's going to be an adventure   
"i would like to go back to the beach, please "
it's official: today is awesome    smile 
is having a great week   enjoyed the sunshine today and got an une playful ected happy phone call   and i was productive!  and once again i have awesome weekend plans   ?
would like to thank whoever got rid of her comfy chair at work for this lovely pain in her back 
has a grumpy hedgehog   cue the repeated stabbings 
stuff fell off my vehicle!  but the annoying rattle is gone     also my tire went flat   all in all a bad day for my jeep   but still a good day for me   i went on a tractor ride!   smile 
"has a sunburned scalp, no voice left, and is incredibly exhausted   but it was a great weekend    smile "
so far the best part of my day has been a 34-second phone conversation first thing this morning   can't wait till i can get out of here 
"had a pretty fun night at karaoke!  ?  now, sleep time!"
is slightly blonder    smile   glad we got that done before the lightning started   
made it home alive somehow   i can't stay up late like i used to   
is watching giant robo   ?
is covered in paint once again   project time!
"feels all twisted up inside   sad   lousy day   karaoke was fun though   night, internets "
is once again covered in paint    smile   a successful evening   although i would've liked to go to sleep a little sooner than this   
is partially chrome    annoyed \
is glad she went out tonight after all    smile 
just ran outside in the rain with her coworkers   i love my job   ?
long day was loooooooooong   but fruitful   ^^
i don't think i've been quite so glad to see my living room before 
"après la pluie, <propfemale> <propmale> temps "
day four of feeling like i've been kicked in the stomach   hope this ends soon   ><
had a night without screwed-up dreams for the first time in months   also my stomach doesn't hurt today   yay!
"   wow, facebook   i'm not \liking\"" daily jesus """
*collapse*
off to *historic* <propfirst> springs tonight for a work thing   hopefully it'll be fun!   smile 
<propfirst> springs was really pretty!  <propmale> had fun too 
is kicking butt on adoptions today!   smile 
o-ya-su-mi  ?
sushi at <propfemale> <propfemale> buffet!  hooray!
absolutely does not understand this situation at all    surprise 
"sometimes you just need an awesome evening with friends to take your mind off things  thanks, karaoke peeps  ?"
busy day   go go go!
rabbit rabbit seems to have worked   huh 
amazing night for stargazing   and the occasional illegal firework from houses along back roads    smile 
> smile 
got out of work early! woohoo!
3 smile 0 am: when all the bunnies on white oak road become suddenly suicidal 
"aaand 4 am: when <propmale> decides to break a ceramic bowl in the bathroom, wake up mom who spends the next 10 minutes swearing loudly, and who really needs sleep anyway?"
"let the blonde jokes commence, i guess    smile "
had an awesome lunch at mr  noodle & rice   movies later tonight and then new karaoke!   smile 
"a day of new e playful eriences   well, one short, but that's okay   still an awesome day    smile "
<propmale> smells barbecue sauce 
hi   my name is oni and this is now my facebook 
feels like crap   hope it gets better before tonight    sad 
had an absolutely amazing weekend   but why's it always feel so lonely right afterwards?  oh well   gonna crash headlong into monday at work in a few hours 
"is having a somewhat lousy day, but has some leftover weekend happiness to balance it out   and plans for this weekend too!   smile "
"curry chicken for dinner, a sudden downpour of rain, and a new karaoke show tonight   "
"just feels wrong working on thursday   and what's with all these people at our shelter in the middle of the afternoon?  if every person in this shelter right now adopted one animal, we'd be out of animals!"
"my horoscope says i'll get a life-changing opportunity today, and that my future is bright   hm "
life-changing opportunities today: 0  dramatic news received today: 0  giant bullfrogs saved from the middle of fairfax pike: 1 
is getting psyched about going to the beach in the morning!   smile 
is on her way to the beach   yay beach!
"is back from the beach   kinda wish i hadn't come back, now "
had a dream last night about being 4 inches tall and nearly being squished by everyone i love   maybe that's why i feel so puny today    annoyed 
curry for lunch!  and <propfemale> bought it for me!  ?
going to my first leesburg karaoke show tonight   kind of excited to go somewhere new   but so not looking forward to work tomorrow morning   ^^;
is crashing hard today   doesn't help that the shelter is somewhat of a madhouse this morning either   
feeling very blah   nothing to do tonight   need to escape and maybe find a happy somewhere    sad 
into the storm i go   
kinda fun day    smile   watching a shot in the dark   probably gonna fall asleep doing so   oyasumi nasai   ?
"holy crap, caribbean curry for dinner! today is a day for une playful ected happy   smile "
whoo!  nothin' like waking up 9 minutes before you have to leave for work 
bleah   chores    sad   but for happy reasons   and i'm wearing <propfemale> ears while i do them so at least it's cute 
"evening of happiness planned!  then in the morning, otakon!  ?"
"having a great time at otakon despite not being able to sing, apparently    annoyed   one more day   "
"had an amazing last day of otakon and even got to spend time with <propfirst> at the inner harbor   kinda magical day    smile   now off to sleep, finally "
"ah, nothing like a soul-destroying bad day at work to follow up one of the best days of your life   ><  i just need to stop coming back from trips "
no more yapping   please     ><
went a little crazy writing   apparently the creative needed to come out in order for the sad to go away   feeling lots better   ?
had a pretty good day despite the nasty headache from the incessant yapping   tomorrow mom says she wants to go out and do a thing   let's see if it actually happens 
"mom backed out on our plans, as usual   don't know why i got my hopes up "
isn't today just a cornucopia of suck 
"yay, tonight is much better than today was    ;"
and i won't forget the way you helped me up when i was down~?
anybody got $4000 they can lend me?  i wanna go to japan 
absolutely wonderful evening   just enough of all the right happy things   ?
is in bad need of something fun to do today   
"drove to west <propfemale>, bought flowers, peaches, and old horror movies, held a parrot, and got rained on   pretty okay day so far "
got elbowed in the chest by an oversized papillon   ouch    sad 
"went shoe shopping with mom, and had bikers beg me not to go when i left leesburg karaoke   haha!  ^^;  awesome evening   feels like the week's turned around "
happy birthday daisuke ishiwatari!
why can't you haunt my real life as often as you haunt my dreams   ?
change of plans    smile 
texas <propmale> and broomfoot 4evar!
"had curry, watched awful, awful movie   now time for g gundam until i fall asleep "
awake too early for work   worried about what's gonna happen   wish me luck 
at least now i don't have that pesky job to get in my way 
feeling amazingly happy after one of the worst days of my life is worth way more to me than any stupid job   thank you 
utterly exhausted   ran around everywhere today to no avail   hopefully a shower and karaoke will make things better 
"awesome night, wonderful company   this is the most happy and least lonely i've felt in i don't know how long   ?"
dear self: don't offer to break in mom's combat boots ever again  bad idea 
is growing sick of personality tests for job applications   sheesh   ><
"worn out from cleaning (yes, with cat ears on)   karaoke tonight and then awesome happy weekend time! ?"
"had a great time at the rockingham county fair with <propfirst> yesterday!  i got to pet a giraffe!  today, flea markets and who knows what else      smile "
"has a previously une playful ected <propfirst> for another night   hooray!  tomorrow, thrift store hopping and the pool   finally!   smile "
i think i signed myself up for the craigslist scam e-mail list   my inbox is full of things that look like replies to job postings but are actually not 
is feeling kinda useless   but isn't giving up 
"gotta go in soon and get my last paycheck, so today might be a little sad   but i got a surprise visit from <propfirst>, so that makes it better    smile "
totally unproductive day   but awesome for so many reasons   ?
"worked my butt off today getting tanks sorted   mö is a happy snakey   time for a shower, and then leesburg karaoke!   smile "
"this hand of mine glows with an awesome power!  its burning grip tells me to defeat you!  take this, my love, my anger, and all of my sorrow!"
i have work as an artist! and maybe a gig as a backup vocalist? today is awesome!  smile 
"dear frustrating, worried thoughts in the back of my head: kindly stfu so i can be productive   thanks "
"oh wow, my facebook was broken for like three hours!  i nearly died   x_x  karaoke in a bit, yay!   smile "
had a few vocal gremlins but karaoke was still wonderful   and i got the added bonus of creating what is possibly the finest artistic masterpiece i will ever create    smile 
omg omg i have an interview!!!!!
"all twisted up inside   turn off, nerves   turn on sleep "
"alright   it's go time   i'm going to kick today's ass   getting things done at home, interview's at 1 smile 0, and after that, there will be creativity "
so much for that   they ended up giving the job to someone else in their office   the search continues i guess    sad 
"the creativity, it fills me with happy!   smile   so many new things to think about   no time for worries or regrets "
it's days like today that make me want to drop everything and just go e playful loring   
today was a good day for e playful loring!  took awesome pictures   karaoke tonight!  ?
"rush, why are you harder to sing than iron maiden? sheesh "
"totally wiped out!  karaoke was awesome, except for the crazy people who screamed at me in the bathroom   pretty happy regardless though    smile "
"did some chores, now i feel sleepy   can't doze off   must summon energy for karaoke   "
"tomorrow will be better   no drama, no stress, and my creativity will resurface   and i have something to look forward to    smile "
thanks a lot subconscious   i didn't really need to sleep   
busy day ahead   probably should've slept in a bit less   oh well   off to <propfemale> i go   
"tonight, challenging songs and a runaway brain "
my horoscope was super-correct today 
i don't want to have to leave another cult because i misunderstood the waffle house menu    sad 
"finally home   gonna collapse in a pile now, k?"
feeling less twisted-up inside is awesome    smile 
off to manassas today for books and japanese food and happy    smile 
"happy acquired   shower, food, then karaoke    smile "
dear paving crew currently screwing up traffic in my town: stop it  i have places i want to go 
nobody at karaoke but me   
"oh yay, i have a broken jeep now  what's next?"
can't stand this wait   still don't know what's up with my jeepy   and really want to get out of the house   
fabulous   my jeep threw a <propmale>   they said i need a new motor 
i have the best mom ever   everything's gonna be okay   i've gotta find some way to thank her for this one   
"a good dinner, a long bath, and people who care about me   nothing else matters for now "
is mobile once again   smile 
"today, homework   oh, is there something else going on?   smile "
home   exceedingly happy   can't wait till next saturday   sleep time now 
"oh, awesome  the rental car died too  just keep me away from things with wheels i guess   sad "
yeah  um  whoops  i might be an idiot 
"today, roaming "
has an interview wednesday! woohoo!
rawr   roller coaster day   off to blue fox for karaoke 
"feeling amazing   look out job interview, i'm about to kick your ass "
"well, that was less than ideal   we'll see what happens    annoyed "
"yay, tomorrow morning my jeepy returns!  with a new motor   and a new radiator too apparently    surprise "
"has  a  job   still not sure what, though!"
gah   why do story ideas always have to hit when i'm half-asleep?
"has a jeep, but not enough sleep   gonna be a long, hopefully interesting, day "
so much stuff happening at once   exciting but exhausting too   thankfully nothing on my plate tomorrow but karaoke   and sleeping in!
bad horror movie dreams   slept too late   let's see if i can accomplish something today 
"i'm off to woodstock to inquire about a job   gonna take the top off the jeep and work on my tan a bit on the way there, i think!   smile "
"shaking off a less-than-stellar morning   cleaning the house up before the guys get here, then at-home party, then karaoke party at <propmale>'s!  and my horoscope said to stay home and keep to myself today   "
hi facebook i'm drunk!  smile  and happy for once!
best  birthday  ever   smile 
"had a wonderful time with her karaoke people last night   didn't get so drunk i saw constellations or anything, but definitely enjoyed myself   i wish today were off to a happier start, but it might get better   sushi for lunch, after all   thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes so far    smile "
"delicious mexican food for lunch, yay! they even played the mexican hat dance   smile "
"would really like to enjoy herself at karaoke this evening   so emo-della, stay the fuck home "
"is ridiculously thankful that she has people who care about her  it's been a really long, really good day   i'm going the hell to bed now    smile "
"gaaaaah   no karaoke   ended up painting shelves and talking to mom   she says she's coming out with me friday night, but we'll see if she remembers "
can't find meat-print fabric on the internets   i wonder if it exists?
"ah, the sweet release of karaoke  i think the pent-up energy i had was reaching critical mass "
so frustrated   can't sleep   broke my voice at karaoke and still feel like screaming 
trapped at home on a nasty rainy day    motivation = 0 
lesson learned: don't believe a word drunk mom says    sad 
feeling worn out and old   bedtime   new month starts now   hopefully with new reasons to be happy 
"wow, beautiful day outside!   smile   i think today is a day for adventure   "
has work in the morning   smile 
"oh god, picture twice in the same night is just not fair  not even the man who sounds and looks like booboo bear made human can make up for this "
it's cold this morning and i'm missing my voice   doesn't feel like i'm sick though   working 10-2 today 
first day and i'm already staying late to cover someone else's shift   also i like how they tossed me back into things with no training  good thing i remember!
home   exhausted   gonna collapse now   *flump*
i can honestly say this is the most tired i've been in a really long time   i am gonna sleep in so late   
"yay, <propfemale> <propfemale> buffet for dinner and i didn't get sick from eating it    smile "
and the seasonal sinus infection strikes again    sad 
"is feeling better, but bored   at least there's karaoke tonight to look forward to "
"had a blast at karaoke as usual    smile   set my four alarms, got work in the am   yippee "
awaaake   bleh   work 9-4 smile 0 today 
hates her job already   geez 
"today: fail, fail, and more fail "
sinus infection is almost gone this morning   and i haven't really done much of anything to fight it   awesome 
work 12 - 7 smile 0 today   still hurting from yesterday   we'll see how this goes 
woohoo!  off work early!  and today didn't totally suck!   smile 
"has today off, and it's beautiful outside   but so many things to do!  i'll just have to make an adventure out of getting stuff done    smile "
"has a land line, with a different number than the old one   and a new cell phone, with the same number as the old one    smile "
i will learn to survive 
working 4 smile 0-9 smile 0 today   might hit up leesburg karaoke afterward if i'm feelin' squirrelly    smile 
weird: having a dream about karaoke and remembering the songs people sang  weirder: going to karaoke that day and hearing the same songs 
home   glad i went out   very excited for a three-day weekend   but it is so bedtime    smile 
sang on my own at karaoke and did it surprisingly well  had some great <propfemale> too  i feel like i destroyed a mental block   smile 
totally laid-back weekend was just what i needed to recharge my batteries   ready for adventure tomorrow!   smile 
"yay, it's an absolutely perfect day outside!   smile   off to skyline drive this afternoon!"
"had the best day; that's right, i don't care what you did today, my day was the best   smile  rocking out at karaoke, then home to collapse   "
"broken into pieces and stuck back together again   over and over   i think the pieces are going together right this time, though   at least i hope so "
doesn't wanna go to work    sad   10 smile 0-5 smile 0 today   unless they decide to send me home early yet again 
is covered in glitter  yay xmas ornaments  ><
nothing like a two-hour impromptu nap to make you feel like you've completely wasted your evening   
work 9 smile 0-4 smile 0 today   bleah   sad 
rrrgh  i can see karaoke's going to be a rage release tonight   
you know it's bad when your cats complain because you came home too late   awesome evening at karaoke  ?
going to go buy work pants   guess that means i'm not planning on rage-quitting any time soon 
"feels like she's leveled up, and all the right stats got a huge boost    smile "
"nothing quite like a hundred strangers thinking you're awesome  yeah, the drive was worth it   smile "
"wrote my thoughts down, made sense out of them, and now it's off to work   2-7 today   and afterward, who knows what?   smile "
"was completely wiped after work, but feeling muchly recharged by karaoke   now if the game was going better   "
"alright, who slowed down time today?"
how many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
well  tonight's given me ample reason to smile   smile 
   and now tonight's given me reason to be angry   i don't want to go to bed this way but i'm too exhausted already to get it all out    sad 
"so yeah   i woke up to a phone call for an interview in two and a half hours, to a place i sent a resumé to yesterday   awesome "
that went really well! i'll know by thursday     smile 
?????!
karaoke time~ ?
"c'mon, today, don't let me down   i need a good reason to be happy "
still haven't heard anything and they close in 15 minutes   that can't be a good sign    sad 
sigh   off to work   though apparently they haven't decided yet   so there's still a <propmale> 
ah  box full of paintbrushes! it's just like old times   
"home from work   plans were canceled   tomorrow, i can has the day off    smile "
"still doesn't know if she has a new job or not   and won't be able to ask till tuesday   off to leesburg karaoke, to enjoy the only work-interference-free bit of weekend i have "
i didn't want to wake up this early but i guess i don't have much say in the matter   at least the sky is pretty this morning 
"senses today will be a battle   but not one she intends to lose   working 1 smile 0-close, then karaoke at <propmale>'s    smile   long day is loooooooooong "
"off i crawl to work   ><  10-5 today, or 10-whenever i collapse from exhaustion "
feeling much more lively now that i'm not covered in glitter and stock room grunge   and i'm at karaoke so i'm in my happy place   smile 
just saw a really bright shooting <propfemale> while driving home and had a hard time deciding what to wish for   only two things i really want right now   maybe i can get both    smile 
can has new glasses next week  no can has new job   sad 
"rip, <propfirst> the octopus    sad "
can't quite shake this feeling   but i'm not going to let it win this time 
work 1-close today   b-dubs after   tonight needs to be phenomenal 
rawr! i is kitteh  why i no can has a grammar?
"yay, awesome night even though work was poo as usual    smile   oh well!  time for a sleep "
"just got to run a kids' crafting demo   we made feathered masks  i thought i would hate it but i actually had fun   found something awesome about my job today, hooray!"
extremely productive day   very happy that work is starting to suck less   got a good day planned tomorrow   now for sleep   
i'm going slightly mad   
running three kids' events today  awesome   smile 
"getting ready for an epic evening    smile   also, i get to dress up for work tomorrow   i really wasn't e playful ecting that   no idea what i'm gonna do just yet   "
rah rah ah ah ah!
sigh   beaten by a tranny  isn't that how it always goes?
"worn the hell out, mentally, physically, and emotionally   what a state to go to work in   "
having second thoughts about my costume   my hair is much too big    annoyed 
is all hippied out   groovy man    smile 
so many things to do and no motivation or focus   even when i start something i can't finish it     why is everything so daunting today?
staying up till 5 is not the most conducive for productivity the next day   i appear to be afflicted with the lazy today   
off to get my new glasses!  yay!   smile 
"wow, the doc wasn't kidding when she said my new prescription would make things look really weird   also i think they make me look a little nerdier    annoyed "
i'll play too    let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are  leave a one word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your 1st name    no repeats! it can only be one word   then copy & paste this on your wall so i can leave one 
"at work till 3 smile 0 (halfway through already, yay) then home to get some actual work done  karaoke tonight!"
"yeah, today is amazing   smile  i won the awesome award for today after all "
bravery is apparently easier to learn than <propfemale>   
"work till close, then rocking out at leesburg   whee!"
"think i pulled a muscle lifting big heavy plastic cases today   oh well, still enjoying karaoke as best i can   smile "
i just hit the high note in heartbreaker  i couldn't do that before   
"yay, sleep and a shower seem to have fixed my back   working 12-8 today, then <propfemale>'s pajama party after!   smile "
"don't be fooled by the brave and cheerful exterior i put up  some old wounds are easily ripped open, especially ones i caused myself "
"had an e playful erience last night   not looking to repeat it ever, ever again   but i thought i'd feel much worse this morning than i do "
"gotta go to work now   till close   augh   i still feel really damn weird   this'll be interesting, that's for sure "
still feeling weird  i really thought i'd have shaken this by now   but i'm in this fog of stupid and i can't figure out how to be smart again   sad 
everything's twisted up again   i thought i had things untangled a while ago but everything just knotted back together 
having lunch with <propmale>! yay!  smile 
worst wake up ever   kidney stone   fuck my life 
"woke up late, with no voice, and my kidney's still issuing complaints   off to work!  10 smile 0-2 smile 0 today, so at least it's not a long shift "
"dear customers, i am not sick, i only strained my voice  please stop acting like i have the plague "
y
i'd listen to my brain a lot more if my heart didn't drown it out 
four and a half hours till work   i need to be productive today   
i must really look like i know where stuff is today   
"sigh   so unnatural being home on friday night   i'm tired, though, and my voice needs the rest, so i'll probably fall asleep soon   meh   tomorrow shall be epic    smile "
"morning, bookface   working 11 smile 0-6 smile 0 today and then <propmale>'s tonight for karaoke and happy!   smile "
pockets are a good place for a unicycle 
"was having a pretty terrible day till i went out to karaoke   problem solved    smile   off tomorrow, looking to get into some kind of mischief   "
"aaah, i just missed a phone call for an interview with some dude who said he got my resumé in the mail   except i've never heard of him and i remember pretty much all the ones i actually mailed off    annoyed   and he didn't answer his phone when i called him back "
"yay, dude called me back! i has an interview wednesday afternoon!"
had an *awesome* conversation with mom   heading to blue fox in a bit   a lil' early so i can actually catch the whole game for once!   smile 
cleaning   getting a new mattress soon!  <propfemale> ears: on!   smile 
new mattress on thursday!  woohoo!  now who wants to help me test it out?   smile 
just got a glimpse of my work schedule next week   i'm going to end up in jail    sad 
"interview time  my nerves just went \aaaaah\"" """
interview was   interesting    annoyed   not sure how that one's gonna come out   not bothering to get my hopes up 
home in time for a nap before my new mattress gets here   yay    smile 
hey!  it's 11 smile 0!  time to drag loud heavy things down the sidewalk!  woohoo!!
11-6 today   hoping it's busy so it passes quickly 
"i has a tired   home for a little bit, then off to leesburg for karaoke    smile "
everywhere you look there's a painful reminder   
"10-5 today, then off for 3 days!  also <propmale>'s tonight!   smile "
"drinking coffee and enjoying it   guess i'll need an \adult\"" card now """
why do we never get an answer when we're knocking at the door with a thousand million questions about hate and death and war?
woohoo! way to go redskins!!
the kaiju monster of doubt is raging through my tokyo 
"shaking off last night's nasty thoughts   i'm gonna be productive today, and tonight's going to be amazing!   smile "
i think i finally get it 
"found a <propfemale> old-school casio keyboard at a thrift store   the demo on it is \wake me up before you go-go\"" """
"today doesn't count   tomorrow's going to be better, too "
watching flash <propmale> and enjoying a midnight snack   the evening turned out okay after all    smile 
any lunatics out there want to come buy craft supplies at 10:45 tonight?  come on out and visit me at work!   laugh 
"home   feel like i've been beaten up, and i seem to have screwed up my ankle again   so not looking forward to tomorrow or friday   but still, i'm thankful i have a job   and amazing friends   and an awesome mom, too    smile "
awesome dinner   glad mom got it together before i had to go to work    smile   feeling happy despite not really being able to spend the whole day with mom like i wanted to   bout to go fight an angry mob at michaels   it'll at least be an exciting way to spend four hours   and i'm getting paid extra for it 
part one of the battle wasn't bad   not as busy as e playful ected but still plenty crazy   part two in t-6 hours   considering a catnap but it probably isn't gonna happen 
"been writing for the past four hours   and my brain just keeps tossing out stuff   may have to rejoin this after work   as for right now, it's go time!!  time to kick some black friday butt at work!"
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee i had espresso this morning  love 
what good is sleeping after work when all you do is dream of work?  blargh 
leveling up 
3-whenever 
"wow, got home at around 7 smile 0 and mom's already obliterated   i'm almost worried to leave her like this, but sticking around won't do me any good either    annoyed "
sleepy time   mm-hm 
"is about to run a kids' birthday party at work   never done this before, but it's gonna be fun!"
"today is a good day at work   smile  and i'll be done with it in two hours, yay!"
testing 123 can anybody hear me?
aw  the high note in run to the hills doesn't even phase me anymore  gonna have to find a new adrenaline rush song 
"internet seems to be working again, yay   off work tomorrow   gonna dedicate a portion of the day to learning some new songs for karaoke    smile "
"i don't know where this good mood came from  i don't think it's mine   i think i found it under a rock  whatever, i'm keeping it   smile "
short day at work today   and awesomeness to look forward to tonight   just wish it weren't quite so gloomy out   
i guess this isn't cold november rain anymore   but it's still cold   and still probably hard to hold a candle in 
augh!  why does benadryl always knock me out like this?  it'd be nice if it actually took care of the problem as well   
"dear everyone: i am okay  my sinuses are infected from my allergies and i had to take benadryl, which makes me sleepy  i am not sad or upset  but thank you for worrying about me   love "
"relaxing with a cup of peppermint tea and my lappy    smile   nice quiet evening in, hopefully it'll knock some of this ickyness out of my system "
wish i felt better already   hopefully staying in today and resting will make me feel better by tomorrow    annoyed 
snow!
"working 1-8, then <propmale>'s tonight!  feeling a lot better too   not quite 100% but way better than the last few days    smile "
"i assure you, under this coating of glitter and pine cone debris, my heart still beats, my mind still functions, and my spirit fights on "
woohoo! wide awake at three am is exactly what <propfemale> wanted to be today!
work till 5 smile 0  making stuff out of duct tape & pipe cleaners today   hopefully some happiness will be derived from this 
nothing like standing in front of an open door for seven hours when the wind chill's down to 19 degrees   if i wasn't sick before i probably will be tomorrow!
they say that absence makes the heart grow fungus   
"more days need this kinda turnaround   i started off depressed and pissed off when i left for work, and today's been nothing but awesome   smile "
off to work in a few   be out at blue fox around 10 smile 0 or so   hoping for some excitement   
"oh man, une playful ected happiness after work is the best   karaoke was awesome    smile "
"had a great dinner out and some good company for the evening, so today is a happy day too!   smile   also mom bought my humidifier for me, so maybe i'll be a little less prone to respiratory death this winter   yay "
"had a small adventure today, yay!  working 6-10 smile 0 again (blarg) and then karaoke at bdubs right after    smile "
"12-7 today, <propmale>'s tonight   it's gonna be a long day, but hopefully a good one!"
"yay, no work tomorrow   time for sleep is now till whenever my body decides it's done sleeping "
holy crap it snowed overnight! i knew it felt like snow   
i finally figured out why i feel so off tonight  i didn't eat all day  i feel really stupid now that i figured it out   
"food in stomach: check   happy from karaoke: check  ridiculously comfy, warm bed: check   good night    love "
"feels like i'm just spinning my wheels   i'm trying real hard to get out of here, but i can't gain any traction "
mom decorated for christmas without me 
i was just in a dark room with two dudes   
found my phoenix down    smile 
"beat   don't wanna think about working that shift again tomorrow   gonna wrap myself up in my blankets till i'm a human coccoon and sleep till i wake up   goodnight, world "
"go away, it's too cold to come out of here and i'm still not a butterfly yet "
"4-11 smile 0 again   any loonies wanna come out and buy glitter glue and yarn at 10 smile 0, come on out "
"sore and tired but not sleepy   just give up, consciousness, i need rest "
"i love you, pretty multicolored bottles of paint  you're so happy and colorful           hmm, perhaps i should've slept more "
i'm gonna crash so hard once i get home   
"oh bed, i love you so much   you're warm, soft, and you always wait for me   ?"
"so much for \a dusting\"" """
"i'm 30 <propmale> from home, halfway goofy and i'm gonna sing country music   this is gonna end well "
saw a shooting <propfemale> on the way home    smile 
"manassas & fairfax today for xmas shopping   oh yeah, let's do this    smile "
penguin watches do not cure wet balls 
"i feel like i've been put through a wringer this evening   pounding headache and backflipping stomach, please, please go away   i don't need you to deal with right now "
"i slept for over 12 hours, had nightmares, feel absolutely rotten physically and emotionally   off to work in retail xmas hell i go!  5-close   no karaoke tonight, either "
"eating some pizza and then, bedtime   screw you, metabolism "
today is awesome! i traded off my crappy thursday night shift and i get to spend the rest of my shift today playing with crayola stuff!  smile 
"chinese food, baking cookies, and karaoke in a bit   yes, this evening seems to be on par with the awesome theme today   smile "
"feeling a bit icky   time for sleeps   g'night, bookface "
"i'm actually motivated to do stuff today, hooray!  baking cookies, doing laundry, and wrapping presents too   may as well take advantage of the one day i have off this week!   smile "
"yup, high notes in bathwater still hurt "
"yay eclipse!  smile  fuck being rested for work, i am witnessing an astronomical phenomenon with my friends "
"tonight   was   awesome    smile   i'm really fucking exhausted and work's gonna be miserable tomorrow but damn it, i had a blast this evening "
headed to work at one   bdubs tonight!  yay 
"i am glassbot, the worst robot  beep beep shatter"
"work in five & a half hours  somebody call me at 8 and make sure i'm awake, lol "
"work till 5, clearbrook park later tonight, then <propmale>'s for karaoke! today at least feels better than yesterday did "
"no park, too exhausted   had a catnap, going for a shower now, then <propmale>'s if i can stay awake!  come on, second wind!"
bed~?!  i missed you   
"12-6 smile 0 today   i got enough sleep and it's gonna be crazy, so it'll hopefully pass quickly!"
i got a present from jeeeesus 
going to leesburg for xmas <propfemale> karaoke!  maybe i'll run over <propfemale> on my way home    laugh 
sleep time   love you all   ?
bout to go eat christmas brunch with mom   hope everyone's day is whatever they want it to be  ?
whooo   i have been a lazy <propfemale> today   thinking i might venture out after dinner and play with my new camera    smile 
"feeling kinda wiped out   gonna eat some dinner, grab a shower, then out to blue fox for pj night    smile "
feeling emotionally and physically crappy   hopefully sleep fixes it 
alright   i'm finally awake   i need to not be lazy today 
"productivity win!  even though i didn't finish everything, i still got a lot done today   now to clean myself up for karaoke later      smile "
owls   so many fucking owls   why are they everywhere?
"i still (by some strange miracle) have a job   i'm on next week's schedule!  finally something positive!   smile   work 2 smile 0-9, and bdubs tonight for karaoke!"
my muscles say they hate me but all in all a good day   finally    smile 
off to work till 4    smile 
i sense a crash coming on   
"tonight, high notes   but surprisingly awesome ones   smile "
"sleep time   last day of 2010, prepare yourself "
"last year i happily left 2009 behind, thinking 2010 was going to be great, full of new adventures   not that it wasn't full of new adventures, but   i'm glad 2010 is gone, and just hoping things are better in 2011   there's not really that sense of eagerness to start something new anymore   just hoping things don't get worse "
"thank goodness i'm off tomorrow   tonight, however: karaoke toga party!!   smile "
   hm 
"it seems my ship still stands, no matter what you drop, and there ain't a whole lot that you can do   "
"\pay it forward for creative people\"": i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update  here's the catch: you must in turn promise to post this and send something you made to the first 5 people who leave a comment to your update  the rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011!  smile """
"o-kaaay, i do believe it is minimalistic adventure time    smile "
"home from my adventure, quite successfully    smile   bdubs in a little while   yay!"
"lousy day, awesome evening  now to sleep for several hundred years "
in the mood to rock out    smile 
"it is snowing really heavily around leesburg, and not a flake here   at least only half my drive home was terrifying "
"work till 7 smile 0, then <propmale>'s tonight!  woohoo~"
it's 53 degrees in my room   since apparently while i was gone the power went out and my heat was off   who's gonna come keep me warm?!
i think i liked it better when my dreams were subtle    surprise 
"worked my only day this week, woohoo   now to dress myself up like a lunatic and go to blue fox   hopefully more than four of us actually do this tonight so i don't feel like a loser "
rawr
"ugh, got some sorta trojan horse program   i think i destroyed it but now i get to wait several hours for all my security programs to run   whee "
i have successfully accomplished absolutely nothing today   blah    sad 
"agh   running a fever and feeling all woozy and crappy   can't make myself sleep either, apparently    sad   lovely the night before the convention "
off to <propfemale> i go for four days of nerdy madness   whee 
"dear fever, please go the hell away  i would like to actually go have fun "
"i always lose <propfemale> with being sick, but when i've paid money to go somewhere and enjoy myself, it's even more frustrating "
owl hat!!
elevator ride with <propfirst> st  john   on the way to the panel he's hosting that i'm attending   laugh  awesome!
match game!  love 
"despite being sick as hell the first few days and now dealing with a twisted foot, i am still mostly enjoying magfest   even though i feel like an old lady "
"i got to sing holy diver in front of a huge crowd, got a hug from one of my favorite internet celebrities, and i hit the high notes in bathwater! so happy   smile "
nothing like coming home from a pretty okay trip to drunken psycho mom   ><
"i had an awesome time at magfest, but it is great to be back   ?"
of course the first day after magfest i'm working truck   >< and my sinuses are still adjusting so customers think i have the plague   
can't sleep   don't even really want to    sad 
off to gaithersburg for fun & adventure    smile 
i had quite a successful trip!   smile   can't wait till next week now 
off to <propmale>'s for karaoke and a hopeful continuation of today's awesome theme   ?
fail  epic fail  ><
sooo looking forward to going home and showering   i'm sick of sparkling and doubly sick of customers  only 1 more hour 
karaoke: miracle cure for a rotten day of work   love 
"i'm really tired of fake people   to anyone who's pretending to care about me for fear of hurting my feelings, or to look like a better person, just leave me the fuck alone   i don't need you "
"if <propmale> <propmale> were here, he'd say i was baking happy little cakes   smile "
antisocial and exhausted do not make for a productive <propfemale>   going to bed early   maybe some sleep will help and tomorrow i'll wake up and kick butt 
rawr!   smile 
cooked an awesome dinner   ?  now for someone to show up and appreciate it   
delicious todai sushi for lunch because it's someone's birthday     smile 
"home   finally   almost a little glad there's no karaoke tonight, don't really wanna go back out in that "
"go away, winter depression   you suck    sad "
"lost an hour, plus i don't go in till 2 now   oh well, who needs money anyway "
"e playful anded my repertoire a lil' bit tonight    smile   and hey, <propfirst> barbee, i finally sang led zeppelin!"
pretty awesome day with friends   i has a happy    smile 
i'm gonna try to replace my own headlight today   we'll see how it goes   the directions i found make it seem really simple 
"i ended up buying a tool, but i fixed my headlight all by myself!  smile "
junk food and a kaiju movie   my evening just improved 
work 10-5    annoyed 
there is never a bad time of day for froot loops 
"sleepytime    smile   no more work till thursday, so i'll have to find something to get into this week "
"heck yes, work called and wants me to come in and work 8 hours   wait, what's that?  10-6?!  oh, they called at 9 this morning and my phone just now told me about the voice mail   ><"
"it's cloudy and raining, so i don't think the groundhog's going to see his shadow today   so   come on, spring    smile "
these donuts taste like rice 
"thank goodness, a happy night, finally!   smile   and happy for all sorts of reasons   goodnight~?"
off to work   12-5 today   yay truck shift 
"super-exhausted, plus i'm working the early shift tomorrow now so i'll have to wake up at 6 smile 0 in the morning   ><  it's too early to crash for the evening, but i am so close   "
rawr   sleepy time 
woohoo!  i don't work sunday!   laugh 
i did not get enough sleep to deal with today   
pretty pretty flowers   
home at last   got the next three days off    smile 
justice is swift   and pointy 
hm   everything's off balance   
"hoooly crap, awesome tax return this year    laugh "
"sure, i can stay home today   i didn't need hours   ><"
i would like a new subconscious please 
"feel like i had a bad luck day, but at least this evening was pretty okay    smile   off to sleep for a few hours, work at 7 smile 0 in the morning   joy "
braaaaaiiinnnss   
got my state refund already!  ^^  now for the fed to show up   
"yay, i did a brief artistic thing this evening!  now to actually care about it enough to finish it tomorrow   ^^;"
"feel like i could sleep for another six hours    oh well, off to work for seven or so "
"<propfirst> black, what did you do to your hair? you look like a boring businessman "
it's so pretty outside!  i'm all motivated to do stuff!  but   i already have plans for the rest of the day   at least they're fun plans!   smile 
"working 1-6   truck shift, yay   ><"
got a perplexing phone call on my way to work  and work seems like a cheerful distraction today  happy easter everybody!
sleepytime at last    
off for a small bit of fun & adventure before work @ 2 smile 0   boooooo closing shift 
apparently just speaking like i normally speak is very offensive and i should be fired for it 
so tired   rotten day at work   time to collapse for a few hours and then get up and do it again tomorrow   ><  at least there's karaoke happiness to look forward to 
"quick, someone clone me and then send my clone to work so i don't have to go   also clone my jeep so she has something to drive and i don't have to stay home "
sent home early!  ordinarily that'd irritate me but i'm not real broken up about it   free beautiful day off!   laugh   now what to get into   
everything seems really off-balance 
71 2 degrees   why the hell am i inside?
today has greatly outshined the rest of this week   i feel like myself again   smile 
"the birds are chirping, it's a beautiful day, and i'm going out to lunch with a friend   also i don't have to work today   woohoo~?"
"what a day   bit too much to think about before bed   we'll see what my subconscious has in store for me tonight   no more green giraffes, please "
off to work   2 smile 0-close again   bleah 
need fun and happy please    sad 
sgt  frog till i fall asleep   another thrilling day of work tomorrow 
work again   i guess tuesday and wednesday are my weekend this week 
dear self: don't bring things you haven't tried for lunch anymore   sad 
work   sad 
it's apparently bring your screaming hellspawn to the craft store day  ><
ow   ow ow ow ow   ><
"ugh, i hurt all over   stupid ice   ><"
whyyyyy did i give up my day off today to work a 7-hour shift?!  i still feel like crap from the day before yesterday   ><
flowers are pretty  love 
"when i let my head lead my decisions, it's always wrong   but my heart's usually wrong too, at least so far in the short term   so i guess i'm going to have to start listening to my feet   they say they're tired   i think i agree "
off to another exciting day of work   
"what's that?  i have to be at work in 6 hours?  maybe i should sleep   \\    naaaaah "
"so yeah, definitely going back to sleep when i get off work  only an hour & a half left though "
"slept for a whole hour and a half, wow   just lying here listening to the wind whistle now   not sure what to do till this evening "
so yeah  i've lost 15 pounds since january 1st   smile 
yes~!  my time off request was approved!  beach in less than 2 weeks!  laugh 
can't believe i managed to wake up before noon   now to go finish baking stuff for my coworkers 
ugh   today could've gone so much better   now it's work's turn to take over 
"today was kind of a massive pile of crap, except for blue fox   thank goodness i'm off for the next three days   hopefully they're productive ones "
shit   11 hours of sleep later and i still feel like i've been hit by a bus   i've got to do something about this    sad 
"thank you, trance music, for allowing me to be a productive <propfemale>    smile "
holy freaking crap there was just a huge spider on my leg and i kicked my leg and it went somewhere and i don't know where it went!!
could just one thing go as planned today?
"i seem to have had my e-mail hijacked   if you get an e-mail from me that just has a link in it, please don't open it "
i think i've finally snapped 
work   trying not to lose it today 
ready for a lazy evening in   got a lot to do tomorrow 
note to self: don't use aromatherapy bath if you aren't ready to fall asleep yet   i can't believe i fell asleep so early and actually slept for almost 12 straight hours   
beach plans~?  yaaaaay~!  so excited!
"at least i got the most important thing i needed to do today done, plus i got my plans mostly ironed out   nope, i do not feel one bit bad about lazing around this evening    smile "
"tsuki ni kawatte, oshioki yo!"
work time~ ? 11 smile 0-7 smile 0 
work 10-4   maybe it'll pass quickly 
i'm getting paid to play <propmale> teacher today! awesome!  smile 
it's official    my sleep schedule is totally messed up 
i've got kitten blood   > smile 
"augh  no, <propfemale> <propfirst>, i cannot sing your songs at karaoke "
"two days from now i'll be at the beach   for now, work 2-7 smile 0   annoyed "
"eek, i've been reblonded!  early bedtiems, got lots of things to do tomorrow "
i don't want to dream anymore 
"bed soon   beach in the morning   the feeling of dread i've had all day can go away now, please "
"6 am, you got here too early   come back in 4 hours "
on my way to the beach!  smile 
beachfront hotel!
good morning beach! i'm so happy i'm here   smile 
"wonderful, happy day at the beach    smile   and two more to go "
another beautiful day!  smile 
"another beautiful day gone   home tomorrow night, but one more day of adventure awaits    smile "
i may as well try and catch the wind 
my heart is filled with determination   the only way to move now is forward   no more stagnation 
"<propfemale> asian for dinner, then  blue fox for karaoke, then hanging out w  miss nicci! fun plans tomorrow too, hopefully   smile "
ikea!!!  love 
watching hokey 60s batman and making some cakes that look like unicorns   plus also earlier there was ikea and mckay's too!  today is full of awesome 
really wishes she could eat a whole meal without having her stomach reject it   ><
not going to let the things i'm afraid of define me anymore   
"bed time   a laptop is a crappy thing to cuddle with, but at least it's warm   "
work   truck day   blarg   ><
one day without some sort of emotional breakdown this week would be really fucking super 
sleep   up too early in the morning for more stupid work   ><
less than an hour of work left   then lunch with <propfirst>! yay!  smile 
oyasumi nasai   
"11-6 today, then off for four days   "
my g2 leaked and now my lunch has been dyed partially green  the horrified look on the faces of customers walking by the breakroom while i eat is priceless 
drawing time!  since i'm too poor to go out   t_t
i can draw~!  ?  i thought i'd forgotten how    smile 
"off to work to help throw a birthday party   i wasn't supposed to work today, but i couldn't say no to a fun day of work   ^^"
"sigh   slept through half the evening, missed one thing i was gonna do, and i'm too poor to go out to karaoke, too   ><"
who would've thought that being asleep for three or four hours in the evening could lead to not being able to sleep at night?  hahahaha ugh   ><
sometimes a happy phone call is all you need to turn your day around    smile 
"happy plans for tomorrow night, but saturday   please hurry up and get here "
on my way to <propfemale> for foreign karaoke  smile 
off to sleep for 6 months   wake me up for my birthday please 
stupid dreams    sad 
cat ears are on till 8  can't afford to waste any more time 
"off to work, 11-5   at least my back doesn't hurt like it did yesterday "
"i'm not sure whether i should be upset, afraid, angry, or proud   all of them at once is a bit overwhelming "
karaoke in wv   because fuck being home 
"i'm glad some happiness was derived from my evening   i still don't know what the hell is going to happen, but at least maybe now i can sleep "
no time for worrying or thinking too much today   just gotta work hard and get stuff done    smile   awesome weekend ahead 
a <propfemale> net is a death sentence  it's a net and it's <propfemale> 
i have defeated the closet monster   victory to the girl with the cat ears on   > smile 
"working 9-2   wasn't originally supposed to, but hours are hours!   smile   can't wait till this evening "
"home from work, monday shift successfully deferred! let the weekend of awesome begin!  smile "
"relaxing, comfortable day of happy   yay    smile   off to make awesome japanese food now "
"all good things must come to an end   but it won't be long before happiness returns, right?  off to work, 12-7 "
"a shower, then karaoke   hopefully it's a happy night, i'm already missing a certain someone "
"request for happy denied   i even got pulled over on the way home for no particular reason   oh, and i don't even have the $16 i need to get my jeep inspected tomorrow   totally forgot that it cost money to get that done   ><"
"   bedtiem   gonna cuddle aslan   no bad dreams tonight, kthnx "
"off to thrilling and exciting work yet again  till close tonight, then at 6 am tomorrow   ew "
grrr   why can't i sleep?!  only 4 hours till i gotta wake up anyway   i guess i'm sleeping tomorrow afternoon 
"dear 5 smile 0 am, suck it   love, <propfemale> "
helping mom learn how to internet so she can find a new job   
"wow   day felt like it was crawling along, and now it's already 1 am again   time to finally get some rest   not really much going on this weekend, unfortunately, but maybe something good and une playful ected will happen "
"just requested off apple <propfemale> weekend   it feels weird being excited about it, and highly unnatural    smile "
all of a very crowded ihop applauded me for flicking a creamer off <propfirst>'s head into <propmale>'s water glass    smile   my night was made 
not too much success at the flea market   but at least my friends did well!  but no lunch and no sleep make for a slightly grouchy <propfemale> 
waiting for my jeep to get inspected   guess monday's a bad day to get it done  wish me luck   if it's broken i don't know how i'm going to get it fixed 
my jeepy passed inspection!!! woohoo!  laugh 
"twas a beautiful day, and even the rain feels good    smile   goodnight all "
9 smile 0-1 smile 0 today   off i go 
i am really fucking tired of being lied to 
"why do i feel so icky?  nothing really horrible's going on (well, that wasn't already going on), but i'm really tired and crabby   must just be lack of happy    annoyed "
"okay, officially excited for the weekend    smile   off to b-dubs for karaoke to inject a little more happy into my evening "
12-5 smile 0 today   then home to do laundry and pack some stuff for the weekend   hopefully work doesn't completely wear me out 
"yay, i'm home from work, exhausted as hell, and mom's in full-blown moron mode, complete with the stereo up way too loud   guess i'll just hide in my room "
sleepy collapse time   ready for a great weekend   just gotta make it through work tomorrow    smile 
today can stop being a bad day any minute now  t§t
work is poo but i had lunch with <propfirst>!  smile  and my weekend officially starts in an hour and 45 minutes! woohoo!
in fairfax with <propfirst>!   smile   tomorrow: sakura matsuri!!
"<propfirst> is the best one, and has a massive wang "
out enjoying the sunshine with <propfirst>! you should be very jealous   smile 
todai for lunch!  smile  yay!
"despite having to say goodbye to <propfirst>, it being horribly rainy, my allergies deciding to finally rear their spiky little heads, and having to work   it is a wonderful day "
first night without bad dreams in a really long time   didn't even move in my sleep   must've been really exhausted last night!
i am appreciated    smile 
i still can't figure out if watching my snake yawn is adorable or terrifying 
stupid sinuses   at least i have my tissue octopus to cuddle 
at this rate i'm going to be a quivering pile of goo by the end of the week  ><
"work from 6 am till they let me go home today   and work tomorrow too, now   i've got to be out of my freaking mind "
"i just woke up   and i was terribly confused about what day it was   i had a lovely dream, though "
"11-7 today   kinda glad i gave up my day off to go in today, as i would derive little enjoyment from being stuck at home on a rainy crappy day "
   now what?
"not feeling like myself   can't quite pinpoint what's wrong   lack of social interaction, feeling burned out from work, or just feeling fed up with this whole situation   or most likely a combination of everything "
friends and bacon are a wonderful cure for the blues   smile 
it looks like a beautiful day outside   i'm glad i'm off    smile 
two more days of waiting    sad 
"well, i managed to wake up on time   off to work for my lovely 6 am shift "
monday and i'm already picking up hours   smile  awesome 
"soooo yeah   interesting evening   ^^;  bedtime now, work in 6 hours   bleah "
"4 am, i remember staying up till you   i don't like waking up at you    sad "
"i didn't really want to come back home and go back to sleep, but this rain is highly oppressive    sad "
"whoever said \no news is good news\"" can suck it """
o m f g
aaaaand now i'm green 
i'm so glad i don't gave to get used to this sleep schedule   i don't like sleeping for 5 hours in the middle of the day    sad 
tiem for a normal sleep    smile 
"thank goodness, only 2 hours left  >< did all of winchester have the day off today or something?"
no more truck days    laugh 
"sorry, future <propfemale>  present <propfemale> wants some kind of happy and karaoke is likely the best she's going to do "
"here's hoping karaoke, ihop, and a shower are a good enough substitute for sleep to get me through my shift that starts in an hour   probably not "
36 hours since i slept last and i'm still more coherent than my mother   ><
"'cause i need freedom now, and i need to know how to live my life as it's meant to be   "
"thank you, google maps, for making this trip awesome "
spending easter with <propfirst>!   smile   and my room seems to have been invaded by peeps 
"first day of official managerdom, here i come  it seems to be off to a good start "
must resist urge to fall asleep after work   something fun to do would be nice this evening   -_-
work in an hour   maybe today will be better 
no  not better 
10 smile 0-close   wheeeeeeeeeeeee 
"it's rare that i can come home from work totally exhausted and still have a smile on my face   it was a hard day, but it seriously paid off in the end    smile "
one incredibly strange dream and one really scary one do not make for a restful night's sleep 
"beautiful day to share with andrew   and lis for a while, too!  hope the rest of the weekend is this nice!   smile "
had a lovely day in <propfemale> with <propfirst>!   smile   tomorrow: apple <propfemale>!
had (gasp!) fun at apple <propfemale>!  helps that <propfirst> was here and i always have fun when he's around    smile 
my room is empty again    sad 
off to work till 7   time to put away my sadness 
under pressure 
off to work   let's see what today brings 
"rainy tuesday night, could you be more boring?"
"why is it that i can't manage to stay up late on my own when i actually want to accomplish something?  ugh   goodnight, i guess "
"one more day of madness, then i'm off for two days   thank goodness "
mom has a job interview this afternoon  go mom go!
hmm   what to do this evening?  and tomorrow and friday for that matter?   annoyed 
since when did i become the responsible adult in this household?
"why can't i focus on anything but what i've screwed up?  this isn't a useful mindset, but it's one i seem to be completely locked into   it doesn't offer any solutions, just makes me feel terrible   what is the purpose of this?"
not having a good brain day   maybe some karaoke will solve this 
i'm a cold-hearted possum murderer   sad 
the first friday in may is no pants day   
i'm just gonna let something brand-new happen to me   
"goodbye, safety net   hope i don't need you "
i don't belong here   
"i feel like an impostor   an angry, bitchy version of myself   this isn't what i'm like   "
