dc6a72fb4544930fdf70f35c6d460447
saturday is too far away!
very good day overall!
lakers win!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"is having a grad birthday party on the 27 of june, mail me if you are interested on coming!"
"is having a grad birthday party on the 27 of june at <propfemale> church in <propfemale> madre starting at 5 smile 0, mail me if you are interested on coming!"
"just saw \the taking of pelham 1 2 3\"" it was awsome! if you want to know more feel free to ask me about it """
holy crap! i just heard the <propfirst> <propmale> died!
vbs is over! i don't know if i am happy or sad 
"inner, inner city, inner city pressure! inner city pressure!"
why are we still paying so much for sneakers when you got them made by little slave kids? what are your overheads?
"i'm not crying, it's just been raining                   on my face "
is       
i'm not weeping because you won't be there to hold my hand  for your information there's inflamation in my tear gland 
just got back from vacation 30 <propfemale> ago! it was fun!
is bummed!!!
"facebook e playful eriment: if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you   "
"is watching \flight of the concords\"" on youtube!"""
is so freaking pissed at his computer at the moment!
is writing a status about nothing in particular and that will most likely waste the time of whoever reads this 
i want to invite all my friends to <propfirst>'s funeral  it will be held in two days   laugh 
is leaving tomorrow for 2 1 2 weeks! so he will not be on facebook at all during those times 
"is worried, but is glad that god is in control  p s  let me know if there is anything i can do for those of you affected by the fire "
"has an extra ticket to raging waters, and want's to know if anybody wants to go with <propfirst> and i tomorrow  it is a junier ticket, so either you have to be under 4 feet, or we can upgrade the ticket for $15  (depending who you are we might pay) call me tomorrow morning  p s  it is open from 10 surprise 0 to 6 surprise 0"
niners own!
<propfirst> gore can't be stopped!
let's go niners!
has nothing to say after the niner viking game  > sad 
"thinks that \undislcosed desires\"" is the best song of muse's new album \""the resistance\"""""
hopes to see a lot of cool people sunday night!
"during the struggle, they will pull us down  but please, please, let's use this <propmale> to turn things around  and tonight we can truly say, together we're invincable "
"just saw \the informant\"" it was pretty funny!"""
the suspense is killing me!
has been blessed so much by god!
 laugh 
want's it to be sunday already!
's life feels like a soap opera! luckily this one involves a living and loving god who graciously cleans up my messes 
"hates the distance, and i am not talking about the song "
"no, you'll never be alone, when darkness comes i'll light the night with stars  hear my whispers in the dark  no, you'll never be alone, when darkness comes you know i'm never far  hear my whispers in the dark "
have you hear!?!
have you heared!?!
"(sorry, for some reason i can't type) have you heard!?!"
"well, we just got a call saying that our offer on the house in rancho has been approved  we are to enter escrow today or tomorrow, and are e playful ected to close on the 24th of nov  i am happy about the house, but bummed about the distance "
why won't anything on fb work!
"had a really fun time tonight, but is sad that he could not be in two places at once "
apparently has a stomach that feels hard when poked    
yesterday was a good day!  laugh 
"\lets waste time chasing cars around our heads \"""""
going to one of my new favorite cities today!
"doesn't know what to put for his status so he is going to put \doesn't know what to put for his status so he is going to put \""doesn't know what to put for his status so hie is going to put        (you get the idea!)"""
is amazed to look back and see how much god has blessed my life through work crew! i really love that program!
realized today that god has blessed him even more than he was aware of before!  laugh 
"had fun hanging out with some pretty awesome people tonight, but just dissapointed he couldn't stay longer "
"football today has been horrible for me, both for the niners, and my fantasy team  luckly tonight should make it all better!"
"\chat is down for maitenance for this time\"" well could you at least show me who is on!"""
"now has a driving permit! third time's the charm i guess, eventhough it is the first time i actually took the test  all i have to do now is learn how to drive  - -"
"just finished counting how many people die in \3:10 to yuma\"" my official count is 47!"""
"has decided that it is unfair to dislike with out even reading a chapter  boys, don't try this at home!  wink "
"facebook e playful eriment-if you are reading this, whether we do or don't get to speak often, post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be suprised what people remember about you! (should be interesting)"
hopes tomorrow works out!
really great day at the park today! to bad it couldn't last longer   sad 
that book seriously messed with me!
"it never seems long enough, the goodbye always comes to soon and lasts too long!"
is frustrated at himself! hmph!
 playful 
jk  laugh 
is glad he has someone he can really talk to!  laugh 
"has noticed the time when the most people are on facebook, is after 10 smile 0 and usually lasts 'till 12 smile 0  no wonder everyone is so tired!"
friday the 13th tomorrow!  laugh 
the niners pull off a win!!! (i was frightened at the end though )
 laugh 
is on lunch break from cleaning and packing stuff from the garage  oh the joys of moving   
saturday should be great! although right after i leave those 12 hours aren't going to feel long enough 
great day! wished it lasted longer though 
my hands are too cold right now      sad 
i'm gunna fight 'em off  a seven nation army couldn't hold me back!
> annoyed 
it needs to be wed already!!!
loved when the day turned to night! i wish i could be sitting back there again right now     but i will just have to wait for the next time  annoyed    i certainly hope it comes soon 
was on the phone for about 2-3 hours this morning with about 5 different people and talked with several of them multiple times  it will be worth it though!
tonight was good   smile 
"liked today! but is sad about how long it will be until the next time  oh well, i will just have to try to survive "
"i will be completely honest until saturday  you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get  (this sounded interesting so i thought i would try it)"
"me~ hey sully did you know that if you say old bagel 5 times it sounds like gullible towards the end? sully~ really, old bagel, old bagel, old bagel, old bagel, old bagel  kyle~ psh, you're stupid <propfirst>, it still sounds like old bagel!"
has much to be thankful for this year!  laugh 
"thanksgiving was very good, although it could have been better "
"i will be completely honest until saturday  you can ask me 1 question (only in my inbox)  any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is  there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but i dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get  (this sounded interesting so i thought i would try it) extened since i only got 1 question"
"such is southern california  you know that it is almost winter, when it just begins to look like fall "
jk!
"is addicted to a song for some reason, it is sad but really good!"
can't wait 'till friday!
was a celeberty for about half an hour  the paparazzi were much nicer than they are put out to be  maybe it was just these specific ones 
"remembered that today is his half birthday, not that it really matters though  just interesting "
is watching <propfirst> brown christmas!
is no longer watching <propfirst> brown christmas!
"is looking forward to one of the upcoming days, but is not yet sure which one "
rain  love 
tonight was very nice! great time with some great people!
yay for today! so wonderful!  laugh 
post one or two of your favorite music videos on your wall and then comment on my status so i know to look  i am interested to see what people put  (this is me and not one of those copy and paste statuses  playful )
"internet it still not working at the new home yet, so here i am at the library!"
"if you were the game, i would never stop losing!"
"hates mcdonalds and there stupid wifi, that is way to complicated to use, especially when the employees tell you that you can just go on with out having to do anything else  > sad "
has internet again! yay!
"\if it's too loud then you must be too old!\"""""
"\so shave your face with some mace in the dark  saving all your food stamps and burning down the trailor park \"""""
's arms are empty and doesn't like it!
can't wait for sunday!
"great day, but the end of it always comes too fast "
seems to be well liked by opie!
shall be gone for the weekend!
is back!
24 friends online  i remember when i used to think that was a lot 
wednesdays have become my favorite day of the week 
it's never a good idea to give me a loaded squirt bottle   smile 
really hopes he feels better by tomorrow 
 sad 
"doppelgänger week! during this week change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete) you have been told you look like  this will be cool   smile  only i have no idea who to use, so i need your help in deciding!"
tomorrow should be good 
"had a good day today, but it was too short! tomorrow should be good also, then off to work at 6 surprise 0 am mon "
work tomorrow at 6 surprise 0 am!
a little tired and is sad he can't go see friends tomorrow 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
facebook change! but is is for the better or worse?
gets to sleep in tomorrow!  smile 
it is raining and hailing at the same time here in rancho 
tomorrow should be good! the superbowl and the best company to share it with!  laugh 
tee <propfemale>
 smile   sad   laugh   annoyed 
"'s back knees, and feet hurt  not to mention being plain tired  gotta love working the line at a factory!"
arrgh!
hopes the weekend will be great and that everything will work out 
"is going to run some erands, will talk to you later!"
is actually looking forward to valentines day this year!
"\ain't no sunshine when she's gone  it's not warm when she's away  ain't no sunshine when she's gone and she's always gone too long anytime she goes away \"""""
"truth project returns tomorrow  leading off the night, veritos!"
"without sorrow, joy can not be fully appreciated  without pain, love does not have the same impact!"
"\god only knows what i'd be without you \"""""
looking foward to tomorrow!
pretty good day i would say!  smile 
"if a ninja decides to kill you, he will be that last thing that you don't see!"
"the leprechaun promised if we let him go, he won't tell nobody "
today should be good!
"you can hold me once, you can hold me twice  even better if the stars are good tonight  you can hold me, be my one and only, this is the reply to the letter you wrote me "
just finished watching the hurt locker  very well made movie!
 laugh 
"just another typical sunday morning  wake up, get ready, go to church, faint in the middle of the sermon, get taken to the hospital in an ambulance, get tested, told i'm fine and that i just fainted for some reason that they do not know (which i could have told them my self, but glad that they did their jobs ad found out that everything was fine), released and go home  fun! not!"
"\stand clear she's the girl of the year and there's no use in trying to get her off my mind \"""""
can't wait 'till friday!
yay! good weekend at camp!
had a fun time today!  laugh 
"fuzzy wuzzy was a bear, fuzzy wuzzy had no hair  fuzzy wuzzy spent a week in jail for indecent e playful osure!"
"man, the original mighty morphing power rangers were the bomb!"
"\it's gonna be a bright bright bright bright sun shiny day\"""""
6 9 earthquake in baja
missing you
 love   laugh !
"sunday is too far away, and approaching too slow "
looks like he will be going to see muse in september!
is very pleased with the niners' picks so far!
has really started to appreciate the weekends more!
"1,2,3,4!"
supernatural season finale tonight! 9 surprise 0 is not coming fast enough!
tomorrow will be wonderful!
friday!
tonight was great!
don't you just love that new football smell!?!
yay! for pulling off last minute surprises!
good weekend!
is there anyone planning on going up to camp this weekend that could possibly give me a ride from la cresenta either friday night or saturday morning?
if you are planning on going up to camp on staurday and could give me a ride let me know where you would need to pick me up from so i can see if i can get there  thanks!
is blessed by god beyond imagination!
"\i don't want to jump in unless this music's thumpin'  all the dishes raddle in the cupboards when the elephants arrive \"""""
"if you like this status, i will post something on your wall about what i like about you  put this as your status if you want a challenge "
today was  laugh 
"man, those refs blew a lot of calls tonight  lakers probably would have won if not for those 20 bazillion bad calls "
is off to camp tomorrow  be back in a little over two months 
at camp 
knocked <propfemale> s <propmale> over while playing ninja!
"see's all these advertisements on fb for the muse concert, and i laugh because i already have one!  smile "
working at a camp is such an awesome job!  laugh  but i do miss ceraint people   annoyed 
misses you     annoyed 
killed a <propfemale> with his chest today!
is off for half of the day!
got to see inception with <propfemale>! yay!
no wc guys this session  interesting    
is back home!
"first day of college, check "
"lowbirding at the accc!\http annoyed  www youtube com watch?v=hhrwcduf2z0"
niners play tonight! who cares if it is only preseason?
what mischevious plans should i make today?
<propfirst> can     (fill in the blank)
is looking forward to what promises to be an amazing weekend!
and the season begins!
looking forward to the weekend 
looking forward to a great weekend!  laugh 
had an amazing time this weekend!  laugh 
"saturday should be bomb! if all works out, spending time with my beauty and then muse!!!"
sat =<propmale> half the day with <propfemale> and the other half with muse! only way it could have been better is if i was with <propfemale> the whole day!
i think <propfemale> and <propfemale> are trying to drive me insane!
doesn't get much better than a fresh double-double!  smile 
good day today so far! and i finally got new shoes 
been a great year!  love   laugh 
"niners finally win, about time!"
"i'll try it  \like\"" my status and i'll tell you: 1 \",dc6a72fb4544930fdf70f35c6d460447,"i love my amazing girlfriend <propfemale> break , she is the best!"
"<propfirst> j  walthart can't decide what to do for halloween, who votes for him to be xena?"
lakers 5-0 as the kings fall!
<propfirst> rice!!! ranked #1 all time of the greatest players of nfl history! you know it!
"i ordor a bacon ultimate cheesburger, and i find no bacon when i eat it! what's up with that? the wrapper is even marked with a sharpe that it is the bacon one!  crying        i want bacon "
listening to muse! good start to the day!
"lessons learned from <propfirst> winchester! when in a fist-fight with a <propfemale>, it is ok to fight dirty and use a microwave "
i love my math teacher! he let out early last night and told us to skip the homework we normally would have had!  laugh 
can't decide whether he should start to listen to christmas music yet or not 
who knows? if the niners win tonight they still have a shot at making the playoffs!
"woke up to a painful cramp in my left pec at 4 in the morning last night  interesting e playful eriance, but certainly not fun!"
take-home tests; much better than normal ones!
niners destroyed the seahawks today!  laugh 
c'mon 49ers! gotta beat the chargers today or we are pretty much sunk 
<propfemale> christmas!
just realized that i need a new status       problem solved!
"one fish, two fish; red fish, blue fish "
"could really use a massage, any volunteers?  laugh "
"yay! steelers lose! i don't really care that the packers won, just that the steelers lost!"
good day today!  laugh 
"starting back at ironwood tomorrow morning! sweet, i can resupply my dwindling funds again! god is so faithful!"
i almost failed today at one of my everyday goals  but fortunatly i didn't 
bleh! i feel terrible 
"they have the craziest ingredients on the show \chopped\"""""
"sibling war! copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings  if this stands for one hour without you brothers and sisters protesting, you win!!!  "
got a shot today  hopefully it helps!
the nfl and it's players need to get this thing settled already 
god is good!
"in-n-out tonight! yes, party in my stomach!"
"<propfirst> winchester is \exibit a\"" that older brothers are better!"""
who else thinks they should make a professional dodgeball league? i would watch ndl!
