8fc9d43c0dda52b8c14b273226c2823d
thinks that fb is an evil person that eats my statements & plays with my account while i'm away  seriously  added three extra letters to my password that i also changed  hack that   smile 
i messed up the car i <propfirst>  sad 
too much
"grab the book nearest you  right now  * turn to <propfemale> 56  * find the fifth sentence     * post that sentence as your status  and post these instructions in a comment to this status  * don't dig for your favorite book, the coolest, the most intellectual  us"
there will always some restrictions and exceptions  i answered personally  i would never have an abortion 
headche 
it rains alot  still no hurricaine 
"the question is \what's not on my mind?\"" this thing is a mind trap """
good times   
my 'puter is fritzing!!
nitemares about going back to middle school  registering <propfirst> feels like i'm going back  i hope he's ready 
"meteor showers last night & tonight supposed to come from a comet named after a some people, but the showers are named after the constellation perseus  persied meteor showers  we'll see   "
off for another round of: registering your child for school 
"middle school, school, school   it's like going to hell but worse  tried to warn him  good luck baby boy "
i still can't believe he's growing up 
i think i might be having a new neice today  :z
"bubba made me feel special  i think i needed that  now, i'm all teary eyed and sentimental  crap  i have new neice, though  her name is <propfemale> <propmale> blue fabre  new <propmale> to post   "
misses her friends 
babies & a cow-bell 
we all woke up 15 minutes before <propfirst>'s bus passed  *phew  that was close 
yay!!! finished the laundry   let's see if i can get anything done in my room    
the freaking chat list won't go away!!!!!
"<propfirst> is driving me nuts  he thinks he's a teenager already  we got up on time, but he couldn't find his id until the last minute when all of us were looking for it  other than a pop on the back of the head, what do you other mothers suggest?"
"well, i worked out  sort of  i walked to the gym  i did some stomach crunches with light weight reps and leg work and arm work, all in 15 minutes, then i walked back  now, where's my <propfemale> garcia!"
"if you need an alarm, you can borrow my mom  she has a cow-bell and a mardi gras flapper noise maker if that doesn't get anyone's attention  cow-bell's aren't the best way to start your day "
should i go the gym?
"<propfemale>'s just gonna deal with no legs  i can get rid of the pregos look, but after that: abstract and or blending background here we come    maybe the gym   after   "
it's lony's birthday!!!
i think i'm gonna workout or something   
my <propmale> has a boo boo 
time to check sick doggie <propmale> 
"my mom is talking to my dad who is getting donuts at take-away and not winn-dixie, i hope  no offense winn-dixie  ok, now she's ringing the bell    gotta go"
we went to the french market today  it was nice enough  got a great deal on perfume 
"fb sucks, i just tagged everybody on \15\"" & it just lost them   &*$#@ """
aggravation 
why am i up now & already aggravated? because i have a kid in the 6th grade! he just sprayed some smell good stuff  i bought him and i think i need  gas mask  geez  moderation?
   tummy hurts 
"is awake, but still tired  who sent the toilet seat, and the set of balls? i don't want to send that to anyone  it's funny, but who wants their friend to send them that?"
"dammit! <propmale>'s boss called me to ask if he could work late  that's patooeeee!!!! apparently, he can't get in touch with him "
i need a haircut 
"weekend just sucks giant fantastical buckets of bugs it has nothing to with sick kids, making anything better or anywhere in-between  just ignore me  i'm just beiing all moody & shit  people are (insert a very nasty thing here) *not you or anyone that's in any way connected to fb  btb, evanescence rocks when you're(collective) very very mad!! pg-rated for the liberally impaired  it has to come on now   my immortal   "
"good morning, everyone "
says boohoo 
i want a huge bucket of <propfemale> garcia!
"is going to read <propfirst> moore books and new <propfemale> until she forgets her troubles  also, until she stops speaking in the third person   like <propmale> "
"omg  i am listening to the magificat by <propfirst> rutter, and i totally miss ms  frickey & choir "
some of these squint recording's are live & <propmale>'s really loud!
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day  (all day?)"
is listening to <propfemale> chicks rock out white trash wedding!
"is a lump(not as big as a gumball, but smaller than a pea) on the left side of your lower abdomen with bruising around it really that bad? my dad says it'll be fine & my mom wants to call the doctor  no er suggestions please  doctor's say that all the time  i'd think i might know if i was dying in the near future  i know i have at least a couple of nurses on here  i gotta lay down  [acronym] thanks!"
the ladies are hre to give my mom communion   good mornin' everyone!
turds?
is going to paint now  thunderstoms  my favorite  as long as the lights stay on   
*une quine-mine gesture* to whoever keeps sending me turds 
is here & gonna write a note for all to read   
hasn't seen a dr  yet & i'm still alive  yay! i even managed to get some painting done   
it's hump day!
car broken  anybody know anyone that can fix a clutch today?
"car issue aside, i'm wondering if anyone remembers my 13th surprise party  i know <propfirst> wright & <propfemale>, but they hardly ever answer  i don't know who else on here was there  anyway, my dad had put out rat poison & it ended up being a scavenger hunt for rats! so embarassing  a few days ago, i walk outside the back porch door an there's a cute little dead rat  found another one outside this am  cod poison  special me "
i'll stop with the quizzes which only means one thing    
sleepy 
im memorium  salute  *trumpets*
"anyoone at the game? call me, please "
blah
still blah  happy blah-day   
it's my birthday  *cabbage patch dance* it's mah birfday    thanks everybody!!!!
"useles talent no  36: talking on the phone, typing this and writing a phone number  oh yeah  watching way too many movies "
errrr  it's 3 surprise 0 
is wondering why winamp makes everythin else so slow!
"thanks to all for the birthday wishes  now, i have to go bc my son wants his time on computer  it better be to study some math  progress reports came in  mommy should be very mad, but is trying not boil over since it is supposed to be a happy day  it isn't nine weeks quite yet "
"just can't get used to being woken up by that cow <propfemale>!! *yawns* good monring, all "
"if you're reading this, even if we don't speak, post a comment here of a memory about you and me  then copy and paste this to your status  you'll be surprised at what people remember about you  (this kinda scares me, tho   don't have to be too specific   )"
baby's back in town  gotta go  i really want sushi!!!!!
nehow  good morning!
"everything id upseting me, i must be close to that time of the month or something  <propfemale> <propmale>' iiee isn't helping except for me singing it in between sniffles "
"boy, i think you're confused  i'm not persephone    "
is wondering why my aunt always like to call in the midlle of the nite   
"happy birthday <propfemale>, <propfemale> & <propfirst>!!!! my favorite triplets ever!"
sleeepy
i'm going to fyi beforehand bc i'm going to flood my facebook with old new photos    you have been cautioned:
thinks it sux that <propmale> started working nites again   for only a week    pooop 
"(almost forgot) happy birthday, hg wells!!!!"
"i'm listening to \crazy car\"" oh yea """
why am i up? going back in beddy bye   
is going back to her room to finish drawing painting 
hmmmm  thinking about going to the gym 
is lost inside 
"quotes <propmale> hanks, \life is a box of chocolates    \"""""
says good morning! i hope you all have a great day 
is so tired 
"tgif  but, the laundry won't fold itself   "
<propfemale> 
a thousand clever notes unrwote on clever napkins  
is hating fb right now 
"<propmale> on fairly odd parents just said \that's wiggity wiggity wack\"" lol"""
"is awake & doing alright  goodmorning starshine, the world says hello "
netflix time! <propfirst> <propmale>'s war  hope it's good enough to watch twice 
is mad at herself 
is talking to her sister 
"is off the phone  goodmorning, starshine  th world says \hello!!!!"""
"happy birthday to the e, not me "
"i have a sore throat,sore back,a little nasal congestion, +a dad that thinks i make-up stuff so i don't have to bathe my mom who left for aunt <propfemale>'s almost without telling me i love my mom just don't feel well my horoscope was right i was shutdown before i could say no, i'm sick  it also said i should talk to him,but he won't letme i cry all the time i'm trying so hard,but at the same time,it's nearly impossible "
"between <propfirst> & <propmale> i don't even need to watch the game  let's just update  status: dad's still dad  mom's hallucinating that she has a baby again  i'm still sick with some kind of nasal infection  i think  oh yeah, & i'm still taking random pics  mostly, of myself   playful "
time to hide from the butchmaster  wow  i just nicknamed an imaginary bully-man that used to be my dad  times sure are a changing   
"there's the tornado sirens again   what's up with that? it's not thursday  i think someone's been hitting the \someone's spotted a tornado or one headed to in st  <propfirst> parish\"" button a lil too quickly """
i'm going to lay down  i can't afford to go the hospital  period 
"good morning , all  i'm just a bit beaten up looking this monring  my nose is swollen, my underarms hurt & neck back  otherwise, i'm peachy  how are u today?"
"my head hurts really bad if i stay up too long  not like a head ache bad, it's like a bruise on my <propfemale> or something  i mean, i guess it's bc all of the airbags deployed "
gotta go re-new my lisense  this is a hassle being that i have to ask my dad or a ride  ofw 
"dmv found a way to screw me out of it saying i didn't turn in a licencse plate from a car i got rid of in '03 bs so, not only am i without a car for the moment, i have to find $225 to give them bc they said i didn't turn it in & bring a letter to 1of their offices that do that sort of thing stating that the plate has been canceled i hate the dmv  i better not find out i'm paying for the same shit from 2005 "
all i know is that i don'know nothing    all i know is tht i don't know   
"come on , e   just take it easy   "
just take it easy   
"come on, e "
circles & circles & circles & around again   
"i am always here to make you laugh  come on, e "
you're so (way) last summer   
"i don't understand most people, but it doesn't make me love them any less  i just don't understand, when i realized how much better life is without certain stress-factors like my mom thinking she was pregnant this am, my son's hw, just everyday things a woman should be able to handle  i'm just unequipt to handle certain situation without feeling that in some way, i did something "
"justwoke up from a really awesome dream  was nominated to test this spaceship everyone was jealous on the way home; which was ruston for some reason,with <propfemale> brown i met her at her truck i don't even know if she has a truck i was running to get back to it met a dog that liked me and let him pet him on the way found the truck when i came out of the dark alley i seemed to be in "
"<propfemale> alert    3 year old boy taken in rochester, in by a man driving a mitsubishi eclipse plate number 98b351    please put this as your status so it moves all across face book  you would if it was your child!!!!"
i think cow-bells should be permantently banned from this house!!!
"escuse me, but can i be you for awhile my dog wont bit if you sit real still  i got 25 bucks & a cracker do you think that's enough to get me there,but what if i were a mermaid with those jeans of yours with her name still on them, but i don   t care bc sometimes i hear my voice & i've been here   "
"my cat's confused about me typing  he has never gotten in my lap when i'm typing  he's about to bite me bc i'm not petting him  poor baby  he's so old  it's must be too cold outside for him, i think that's why he's confused  he's purring so loudly  i  love  <propmale>  i  love  my dog, too  she always inside, tho  spoiled rotten, always eating <propmale>'s food  bad <propmale>  the weather's really nice  <propmale> doesnt think so "
"now i got supped up shiney ego    wohoho!!!! with my tweeked out poitn of view  random caring, nowhowwwww!!!"
go saints!!!
"i forgive little things like not telling me where he went for 5 hours until he got home when he was supposed to be at his dad's  little things that he knows really chap my hide   we still argued, still said stupid things  we still woke up & loved eachother  i gotta say, tho  he can't keep this kind of thing up  i'm too old to put up with worrying about where my fiance' is   when the solution was so easy "
someone's been upkeeping a zoo for me? how's that even possible?
"i wanna listen to some old music  not oldies  acid bath  infant slug  morbid angel  i wish my computer could handle dl's like that & my dad's screaming, so, it must be my turn to handle mom "
is gonna play the piano while mom & dad are at the doctor!!! yay! i never get to do it bc my mom gets mad at me 
he just pulled my fingernail off & it's bleeding every where  one finger typing  my mom's on the pouchon & my dad's not here   grrreat!
"has figured it out  now, if i could just stop a couple of them from working without posting the others, that'd be super "
is extremely tired 
"is becoming fb bored  i wanna catch a rainbow like <propfirst>; but, i think i'll fold laundry instead  woohoo!"
is going to a parent-teacher-tutor conference @ 8  yay 
"is back from the conference & super happy that my dad's the godfather of a superteacher that works at the school board  she set up a round table conference with all of his teachers  it was wicked  boy, is he in for a surprise today "
"maybe for halloween i'll just be the masked woman or mistress e~, as <propmale> keeps suggesting   "
<propfirst> m  petit's evercast is online! http annoyed  bit ly 3j21cg
is sleepy 
is alive!!!
"is po'ed that my computer has a virus & i've tried everything, but it keeps attacking  i've slowed it down  i just on't know what else to do  the times i do get online are brief "
"my computer's still on the <propmale>  i have about a minute to a half hour before this baby shuts down  i'm tired of trying to fix this thing  don't open anything from me if it has a link  i won't be sending those  i only send msges  to a couple people; &, i'm pretty sure you know who you are a & k, sometimes   so, i think we're good "
gonna paint  take care fb friends 
"cowbells at 4am are stupid, but my mom's going insane  she sees bugs, spiders & anything else she can imagine  then, she tries to burn them  this is so    *thinking of an adjective*    sad & crazy "
is thinking why why why was that fun 
liar  i just hit click click click  i already got mirandum or however the hell she spells the law that's her name  
come see squint tonight in houma at the brickhouse in houma>>>please!!!<<< they are a great band  so is no room for saints 
squint was awesomely awesome awesomeness awe of the most awesome *picture either n p h  or <propfirst> black* much funnier that way 
come on  go saints!!!
"would like to take away all of my friend's pain away & hold it inside for them until it goes away  now, i'm sad "
"things just went from bad to worse  threw coffee & milk on my dad  nursing home or psych ward   don't know, but he almost picked up the phone to call my sister  so, to my plenty o' sibling's and or the wives, if you're even seeing this, be prepared  he might wait until thanksgiving to see how it goes after that  god, please help my mom & dad  amen "
"why am i up? oh yeah  my mom woke up at 2:45am & then, <propmale>'s dad called at 5am  <propmale> is sick & so is <propfirst>  so, we'll all be here  my tummy doesn't feel to well, either  can i stay home? oh wait  i am home   "
"is remembering to thank her brother, lony, for which i pained at a young age, when he went to desert storm & i will never forget what he may have sacrificed & what he did for this nation  i  love  you "
"because i'm convinced that giving in is the worst thing there is, so we bottled and shelved all our regrets, let them ferment and came back to our senses, drove back home and slept a few days, woke up and laughed at how stupid we used to be    "
"1) scroll to the bottom of your facebook <propfemale>  2) on the bottom left corner, click english: us  3) when the language selection appears, click english: (pirate)  4) watch what happens "
my nap took way too long   
dog's going nuts  daddy must be home   
"up at 5 again, but not by the cow <propfemale> or my mom banging her trash can on her table or screaming bc i couldn't hear it  i made sure i knocked my butt out last night  i didn't wake up once, well technically i woke up this morning for which i am thankful for   "
"i'm going away  usually, fb makes me happy  right now, i can't stop tearing up "
i can’t say i blame you but i wish that i could  i’m sick of writing every song about you   
my sissy is here  bad things 
mom's going to get help in a hammond facility  i don't think i'll get in trouble for that  i hope not   
"we made up, i think  so many things going on in my head   "
mom's not here anymore & i woke up crying even with a good nite's sleep  i hope they (in hammond) can help her 
it's new nice day   but when i walked into the room where my mom sleeps she wasn't there  they said she'd be back in a week or so 
"i know when & where i'm not wanted  so, i'm this close to saying,          \bye bye\"" """
"go saints, yay   "
now i have a migraine   
needs help finding a geriatric psychiatrist for my mom   bc humana is gonna let her out of the hammond place before she's ready & we need to have her a doctor in place    
"thinks fb is eating her updates  thank god for my dad, but i wish my he would quit leaving without telling me   "
"my head feel like it's gonna e playful lode   i don't have any of my meds b c my dr is not responding to the one i need, for some reason, not getting back to me   when i called they had the wrong number for my house   that reminds me, i better check on tweety & booboo    how do you check on canaries; aside from water & food? booboo seems pissed  that hamburger on my ad <propfemale> is making me hungry  maybe i should eat sometimes "
i'm gonna sign off & actually try to find food this time 
"rice pudding  didn't really hit the spot, but a couple bites & a couple exedrine migraines & i feel a little better  the turkey's for later   except for the constant thoughts of, well   we don't really need to go there again  she'll be back soon & the laundry still hasn't done itself "
is worried that my cat might actually outlive me 
mmmm turkey 
is thinking that these automated apps are driving me nutty   
just noticed a really bad smell in this playroom & it's not me 
"is awake & up to no good!!! morning, starshine  the world says,\hello!!!\""!!"""
"just found the karaoke choice on i write sins not tragedies!!! <propmale> thinks i wanna play ball & is going nutso again!!!! they probably have alot of karaoke choices, but i don't wanna make my dog crap on the floor "
my dog gets way too excited everytime i start to play the piano or sing 
my eyes hurt from looking at some old(not in age) friend's picture's for about 4 hours straight  wowsers  i see spots & stuff  where's my <propfemale> at   he's supposed to be home with my son by now   ?!?!?! better not make me call his arse   nal 
"thinks lots of people annoy me, especially phone people at this particular moment "
another win for the home team!!! go tigers!!!! hhs! i wanna be a cheerleader again 
"go saints!! get busy    don't pull a <propmale> myles(sp?)    stupid stupid stupid  this coming from a girl that hated football when she was a cheerleader  lol  although, i would rather be at the movies watching vampires, i am babysitting for my sister & my son is here, too  waiting on my sweetie to get home & my dad to go visit my mom  now, to the big screen   "
is babysitting for her sister   still 
"just saw mc k's face in the grinding's of rabb's photos on someone's <propfemale> that i don't know  weird  untagged  you get around, boy   smile   love  i've also seen him, <propfirst> & someone else (yes, i've seen it before, but) making out in polaroid's "
whoops  i just broke something  with a football 
mom's home  yay  (*feel the enthusiasm)  just when i got used to the norm 
"mom's home  still the same  we saw new <propfemale> last night  twas okay  my <propmale> calls <propfemale> a homie hopper  he had everyone around us laughing  so wrong of him  bad <propmale>!!! yeah  we were the one's in the upper corner, talking a bit & laughing  a bunch of adults(well, our age, at least) giggling & making jokes in a movie theatre  we didn't know the people; but, we sure felt like we did  that was the fun part "
"well, fb has done it again  what's up with changaroo thing? some people like things to stay the same   when it's working for them  big dummies "
we're going to lafayette for thanksgiving!!!
"glad i'm not a crazy shopper this year   although everyone else in family probably is going shopping  the lack of funding, at the moment, puts a damper on shopping  the lack of a ride keeps me from even window shopping  oh well  i don't mind last minute things  that's when the bonus comes anyway   smile "
"is ready to rest a little bit more before mother totally wakes up  hopefully, this time it's really awake & not halfway  thanks for the sun, the air, the knowledge, food, people, family, love, friendships & angels in my life  all my thanks rolled into one  tried to do it yesterday from lafayette, but fb went totally blank over there for some reason  weird  so be it  blessed be   love "
saturday & no <propmale> again  poop 
"and, why am i awake so early?   "
i can't believe <propfirst>'s principal died  i'm sad  i hope her family is okay 
"welcoming a new baby in the world is so special  i wish i could've been there  congrats, <propfemale>!!!"
oh yeah  go saints!!!
i love my family   smile  i had an awesome christmas!
"i think it was the officials fault, partly  just partly  they could've played the whole game instead of just one quarter  oh well  i still  love  them   smile "
my brain hurts  we need a new kicker or he needs practice 
oh happy day!
i'm gonna go with - what's not on my mind?
"how many people got happy birthday from me for new year's & that's not your birthday? if you did, it's bc of the birthday calander app , not that i don't know some people's off-hand   it's just that if you didn't input the info, it's default is naturally what it's on already  sorry  whatever   smile   love  going away now "
it's actually freezing outside 
yep  still near freezing  gonna freeze this week  i can tell bc my dad has the heater on hi-blast & i think my nose hairs are gonna dry up & fall out  gross  didn't sleep well  i don't like the heater   annoyed 
   
i think i get it  grey 
nude
"i found out that st <propfirst> parish schools had a power outage this morning for a few hours, but they kept school running bc they had heat all night & it came back on at about 8 smile 0am  our schools are pretty great  i'm glad i washed <propfirst>'s jacket & had his clothes in the dryer before he put them on so they'd be warm  he was warm & didn't want to ride the bus  so, poppa took him to school "
*sighs
"wants to relax after all this 12 year old boy party stuff  blah  man, i love that kid  he thinks he's gonna camp out with his friends in the backyard  heh  he'll be the first one in my bed trying to get warm "
no more boy sleep-overs in this house  that's a good thing 
baby blue
isn't feeling well 
name is <propmale> & i wrote you this song   
"i would like a \bacon makes everything better\"" t-shirt to wear with my shorties in the freezing cold weather  ok  maybe when it's a lil' warmer  seriously  i want that shirt  please """
blue with circles
"apparently, my friends have decided it's wayback week  so, post an old picture of yourself as your profile picture all week & let's see how cute we all were "
black lace
my glasses are making my headache worse 
heads better  strained right-side of my back now  let me get a hoorah for gettong old!
no more way back for me  i need to stay in the present   smile   love  love ya's 
my ears were cold 
i danced with a pickle sliding down a hill because i'm cool like that 
woop woop 
"i like <propfirst> favre  i like the packers bc he was with them  i still like the saint's the best, tho  so, viking v  saints it is "
 love  love  love 
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour?"
love love love  love 
great minds tend to have fatal flaws   not always 
can't sleep  dunno why  i should be able to 
"i finally got a good night's sleep, but i feel like i could sleep more  and, why are my left pinky and ring finger numb since yesterday  it's not carpal tunnel, had that  wrong fingers   sad "
"i have a ton of pics to upload, but a meeting at school to go to  the pics have to wait  <propfirst>'s in honor choir!!"
"there are about 100 pics i need to upload  i just don't feel like it  i believe my ulnar nerve problem is getting worse  when i went to bed last night my whole left side of my hand was numb, not a good numb either  it's still that way, just a little pain meds to take the egde off  i might have to go to a dr before my scheduled appointment in march  i had to take my rings off of my hand  i never take my rings off!!!"
with_gusto's back on lj!!!! woot!
"quidquid latine dictum sit, altum sonatur  (whatever is said in latin sounds profound )   i always wanted to be somebody, but now i realize i should have been more specific  — <propfemale> tomlin"
go saints! all the way!!!
"so, it is officially official  most of my friends are crazy saints fans  most could not sleep at all, if not waking up at 4-5am this morning to post their crazy who dat nation raps & songs  i love it!!! pants on the ground    (ok, someone else finish   )"
poeple are popping fireworks outside!!! it's a new holiday! who dat day!!!!
middle name only  everyone play this game  you will find it interesting to know what your fb friend's middle name is  copy and paste this on your profile before you put your middle name at end of this sentence!   celeste 
"one hand typing is annoying  it's like me not playing the piano  it's like me thinking that i may not have a viable left hand anymore to play anything with  it stinks  and, all he can think is that i'm happy about being hurt  \another useless day for ellen!\"" he screams at me  x-rays set for monday  <propmale> thinks i broke my wrist & rehealed it unproperly  not unlikely  this hurts  multiple ways """
"is about to retreat  my hand is screaming  it's almost impossible not to use use it & it's not too bad with this brace on and the meds, but i don't want to push my luck any further "
"following the orders: during the week please change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  thought this sounded like fun!"
"orthopedic x-rays tomorrow @ 10:15  that's what i'm thinking about  not excited  although, i do hope i get to see the actual dr tomorrow  that's about it  i picked up a wireless router & i will need help installing, <propfirst>  whenever you have time   smile "
off to see the dr  hoping he does more than x-ray's 
love  love 
"<propfirst>'s concert went better than i'd e playful ected  only a minor headache   smile  to be in 6th grade again, i (on occasion) wish "
who dat?  love 
i love that they're playing part of the kill <propmale> soundtrack  whoooo dat!! geaux saints!
yayayayayayayyay!!!!!
r i p  <propfemale>   sad  my <propfemale> godmother 
my dog is awesome  so is my son & fiance & family   love 
"look it's <propmale> ?  this is <propmale>, copy paste him on  ? every update you see so he can   \\ take over facebook  you've been bobbed"
"sadness, dissapointment"
"happy get your madness on day  i've already began the punishment of lent, even though i don't even go to church anymore  i have some pics from the lul parade which is a really hard one for me to miss since i live in the middle of it  i'm actually surprised that no one asked to park here  anyway, my calfs still hurt from walking around so much even though i was liberally messed up "
tv    
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
i need a job!!!!!! help!
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
's hearts & thoughts go out to those in & with loved one's in or near the pacific disaster  another castatrophy?  sos 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistant secretary jobs are very welcomed  thanks guys  my resume's all ready 
"i forgot to mention how excited i am about eatiing sushi, not once, not twice, but three times last month  yay! little tokyo rocks  especially since there's one in luling boutte now   smile "
the job hunt continues   
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistants  maybe even legal secretary  most cases any jobs in the feild are very welcomed  i like in depth research  thanks guys  resume's ready 
"was offered a job that required transportation  very upset  no words  still need a job, tho "
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistants  maybe even legal secretary  most cases any jobs in the feild are very welcomed  i like in depth research  thanks guys  resume's ready 
is actively looking for a job  any leads on paralegal opening's or legal assistants  maybe even legal secretary  most cases any jobs in the feild are very welcomed  i like in depth research  thanks guys  resume's ready 
thinks her dad stood her up  it's a really sucky feeling  i know the concert started at 7pm bc i found the flyer  he left an hour early    sad 
he did & he's sorry  why can't i close the book?
geuss who's not napping???
"need to walk to the store  i'm trying to wait for <propmale>  remind me to get visine next time i've cried all night and then met someone in the morning  helping me to get a job, at that  geez  i know i looked good  just can't catch a break  i'm gonna get a job if it kills me  test me  i wish my eyes were red & teary bc i was high  i hate crying constantly  i know i'm depressed  i'm gonna push through this bc i have to "
why is everyone throwing food at me?
i don't know that i'll be able to look at my dad's rice & gravy again without puking  i think i'm gonna eat yogurt right now 
i don't like when the heater burns my nose hairs 
mmmm  gummy bears 
i'll get back to you on that 
is wondering what happened to mr  zanca   love 
the whole wide world 
"juat saw <propfemale> in wonderland(revisited)  it's 3d  i have a migraine  otherwise, it was pretty okay "
just took <propfirst> outside to throw ball with him (baseball)  he kind of forgot how hard i throw & i really should not have been catching  he doesn't throw that hard anyway  that's good or i'd be in even more pain 
wants to go to the <propfemale>'s day parade  <propmale>'s being a big poopy 
went to the quarter earlier  i  love  <propfemale> 
"went to the quarter yesterday with <propmale>  then, got a headache & went home to go to sleep without any noise or light  ahhh  relief  i still  love  <propfemale> "
"since i'm already in pain, i wish i could be of use and take away pain from people that suffer much more than i do  someone pretty close to me has cancer & it's impacting me more than i thought it would, i guess  she was always the one smiling, joking & laughing  no one knows what will happen next  it's spread to the brain "
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence  new orleans, la "
"todays game - place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence  new orleans, la "
"happy st  <propfirst>'s day, all!!"
my new neurologist just cancelled bc she's going on sick leave until june   wth? i'm gonna end up going to the hospital to get this emg done  it was ordered on feb  1  stupid 
"is sick  so, is mom  puking bile is so nasty  i also feel like a truck crushed me "
"still feel icky, but not as bad  i'll live  yay "
"just realized that most mascaras irritate my eyes so much they cause my eyes to water & look red puffy, and i have a small stye on my eyelid that's aggravating it right now  very uncool & a little uncomfortable  it'd hard to see partially "
"hey guys,want me to make you something?? i promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update  they must in turn, promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status,or their post becomes invalid  the rules are that it must be handmade by you          and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2010 "
"if anyone wants something look at my previous post  moving on  <propfemale> you might 5 glorious gifts, as it stands   smile  i'm proud of my son for bringing up his grades  they're not all a's, but it's way better than before "
"am i a geek if i wann go to my first comic-con in kenner this april? oh well if i am  i wanna go  that being said, it doesn't mean i'll get to go  i already told <propmale> he had to take me to that second <propmale> benefit prom  i guess that's if we get the tickets before they sell-out, we'll still go to that  hrmph  dress-up as super-hero's or dress-up as dressed-up people going to fake-prom for a benefit?"
it's kinda cold & smells like a toilet in here   & it's not me or my mom's portable pochon(toilet) 
status shuffle
that's what you get when you let your heart win   whoa  oh  ah  oh   oh 
"mom has new teeth now   i feel like i'm back at lil'maw maw's staring in the tea cup with my cousin <propmale>  that's where she(lil'maw maw, mom's mom) kept her teeth  except this time, my mom can't put them in, and the only one who's figured out how has been me  of course  yay  adding, *put mom's teeth in* was not supposed to be in my plan  damn that road "
painting 
i wanna nose job after i get fined for not having insurance  say wuh? j k
i like rihanna   love 
something something to wow you here 
happy bears 
lovely things 
little things amuse me 
"note: hitting on the washer does not help carpal tunnel ulnar nerve pain, infact, it hurts like something that hurts really badly  scale 1-10, 12   the washer is also in ill repair as it doesn't seem to want to work at all, now  also, do not attempt to fix it before your dad does by calling your ex-husband bc it seemed to offend my dad and set alert level to orange  j k love my dad  happy bday, ex "
"gonna watch a good movie!!! but, shhhh  mom & dad went to mia's for a fish fry  oh, the freedom   wink "
my laptop is dying already  oh  poop 
something made my pc sick   bad bad bad 
bathtime  woohoo 
colors are fun 
   but the best day always starts at the krusty krab   (i have to get out of here )
"i'm gonna go with   \i got nothing\"""""
the reading rainbowwww   
feels like dooky 
"feels better  still a little off-set about something but it'll pass, i hope "
curious curiouser 
no cell today  dont call 
"wish i had my cell phone  poopy  yes, i know  i said, poopy "
"hello, anyone have a clue as to why i cant see my zoo "
colored her hair dark auburn  brings out my eyes better 
my throat hurts 
"i feel better   \my chicks bad  my chicks good  my chick does *things that you wish your chick could\"" lol  that song is gonna be in head all day now  it's quite funny """
i feel like dancing 
"crawfish is on my mind now  and, that happy, sad, mad, thing is really off  it's going away  poopy "
went from giggly to weepy in 60 seconds or less 
letting the cables sleep   love 
must stop looking back 
"really? alright already with the poking, guys & gals   wink   love "
"oooo    cambridge who's who called me about a week ago and i acted like i wasn't here  i always do that when i'm not sure who's on the other end  now, i see why they called me "
"the doc says i'll need another hand surgery and tried to give me something like synthetic morphine for pain  i didn't take that rx  i got a different, less potent one bc <propfemale> <propfemale> said, \just say no!\"" \""call me the philosopher   \"""""
nervousness 
putting this here: someone gave my mom tang wth red hots in it when i was little  all i remember was trying to dig the red hots out before my mom threw out the tang  lol  and on space and nasa  i love this stuff  anyone who knows me knows that but i don't know about you  i was a little stressed in the 4th grade when we actually took time out of our day to watch the challenger    blow up 
"i'm thinking \how did this bruise get on my bad hand that i try not to use?\"" & \"" boiling water does not feel good on that same hand   \"" & jumping back in bed until april's over springs to mind  if only it weren't <propmale>'s birthday tomorrow  any ideas? anyone? i have zero money """
can't believe the nerve of some people 
is excited about auditions for kiki today  i hope <propmale> doesn't work too late 
is thinking about too much to put here 
"don't pray it was easier, pray you were better  don't pray for less problems, pray to be more skilled  don't pray for less challenges, pray for more wisdom  (stolen from <propmale>)"
"i'll go along with this one: †† lets keep the families of the men & the men that were on the transocean rig that e playful loded last night in our prayers   the rig was located 52 <propmale> off of the louisiana coast   there are still 11 crew members missing   keep the prayer chain going? repost as your status ††, if you feel it   smile "
made ribs for dinner   
"is happy today  fierce, yet happy "
"if they was any doubt of my dog being part hound, i have none now  when the car alarms go off, it's like she's calling for her doggy mommy  it's so cute  it's not just a howl, either, it's a variety of vocalities only a dog could make  and, maybe that guy that does sound effects "
"making meatloaf  it looks more blobish than loafish  meatblob  mac-n-cheese, too  there will be a veggie  still working on that  probably salad tonight  alot of <propfemale> in the fridge  and that is your \what's for dinner?\"" update  no pics unless the blob is really histerical or something   smile """
"it's pouring down raining outside  be safe, peeps "
"dear zoo world friends, regretfully, i am not able to continue my own zoo  so feel free to do whatever with it and don't be offended if i don't accept your gifts and whatnots  thanks, <propfemale> "
"if you pray, please do that <propfemale> will leave us peacefully "
dear cancer  i hate you  <propfemale> 
well my dad left to go fishing for the rest of the week  this should be fun 
i hear something in the chimney   
<propfemale> lost her fight with cancer today or last night  <propfemale> just called 
"i can't believe what happened  my mother burns the whole left side of her face trying to light a cigarette to smoke  i bring her to the dr with first degree burns and as soon as we get into the elavater, she slaps me  no more cigs on my watch "
"anyone wanting info on <propfemale>'s services, fb me  i'll be gone awhile, tho "
sesquipedalianism: given to using long words 
a cool friend's challenge - let's see how many of you actually pay attention to these status updates  leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the third letter of your name  it can only be one word  no more than one word  then copy and paste this on your wall so i can leave a word about you 
is determined 
is taking a facebook vacation 
"is worried about impending disaster and diabolical plans of de-evolution  i actually thought life got easier when you grew up  boy, was i wrong  i think my son has this figured out already bc he acts as if there's no tomorrow  he is so carefree and happy  it's how i used to be  so, i've been thinking about how much i love my son and i don't think that i can ever be more in love with anyone else "
i feel better except i see an 80's picture of me down there   cooper!!! i will slay you!!! omg 
my dog ran outside the front door bc she didn't want to poo in the back   she's a mess  good thing <propmale>'s here to pick up the crap  hysterical 
i'm hungry  i should probably eat something today 
"i couldn't type this little update without her calling for me 5 times  not an overstatement, either  she smoked 3 cigarettes in 5 minutes "
i might cut the grass if it dries up enough  anything to get me out of the house for a little while  nucking futs 
ggrrr  laundry 
" love  'ing my son, but he needs a serious kick in the rear "
"my neighbor died in his sleep last night  he wasn't old enough to die  i'm in shock  i really don't believe it  i have his cell number in my phone  he had big plans  i hope you are at peace, <propfirst>  we love you and your family  i keep thinking i'm gonna see him when i get the mail   sad "
i'm still shocked   annoyed 
anyone getting those daily <propfemale> deal coupons? the <propfemale> branch is a good place to eat  healthy stuff  i love their chicken curry salad 
<propmale> of persia was really good 
seems like everyone is dying around me  another death in the family over the weekend  hope all is well with you your's   love 
"in it's finest hour, politics is still wading in the muck "
i'm sooo tired 
i only have 2 screws loose  thank you   smile 
is making apple cobbler today for the first time  smells good so far 
i am floored by the things that go on around me 
"for some people on facebook, i need a slap button instead of the poke button   "
"the next time someone annoys you so much you just wanna slap em  do it and say, \mosquito\"" and quickly walk away  wink """
give someone a compliment today  it'll make them and you feel good   smile 
 love   love   love  i washed my hair now it's raining!
tubing today!
"went to the er yesterday for dyhrdation and 2nd degree burns  i brought sunscreen but <propmale> didn't want to <propfemale> it and i asked him to before we when tubing  my cell phone got lost, too  so i have to shut it off when i can sit long enough to call them   sad  <propmale>'s got some blisters, too  so stupid   sad  the tubing part was fun  the sun wasn't  not to the degree that my shins can handle, apparently "
a clean-energy future
"i know it looks bad, and it hurts bad but it's not as bad as it could be "
they feel like fire  i hope they don't scar 
"ok  still looks creepy and gross, but getting better  i can't wait to toss and turn again  my sleeping habits have changed since i can only lay on one side "
tried to dl some pics but it wouldn't work  oh well  later 
it's our anniversary  4 years together   smile 
i got a new phone  same number  it's a palm pre plus  still deciding if i like or no like 
i think this phone rocks!
"i love usa  happy  4th \will send pics when i figure this out "
bananas - b a n a n a s  lol 
"text me with your name if you have my phone number so i can put it back in my phone  or, if you just wanna give me your number  i'm not a stalker   wink "
"is wondering why the birds chirp at night, the owl whos in the morning and the rooster down the road cockadoodle do's at 5pm   are they all time confused?"
i got nothin 
what do dreams mean? anything? nothing? my dreams usually tell a story  my last dreams are confusing me 
food!
can't sleep!
my son's invitational today!
he qualified in his three events  today the last day! go <propfirst>!
good things 
<propfemale> <propfemale>
my dog
everyone in the house is sick  my mom just threw up  ew 
palm pre plus froze up on me and the hold time was insane so i have to call back about sending it in for a new one  i hope i can get a different one  stupid fun phone for a week 
"let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my\friends' list, as a result of a conscious decision  i wanted you \there  i am not only glad to count you as friends, but also as \family  let's see who on my friends' list actually pays attention  copy and paste this or just share something "
"is really tired  had to rush <propmale> to the er last night  he has a lumboscral sprain sciatica  basically, we need to make an appointment with chabert to get anything done for it and find out more  i might as well get done everything i've been putting off, as well  hmm  i just jnow that when he feels good enough to go he won't want to  men!"
it's hot in here   
this is not a good night for me to be unable to sleep  i have thing's to do tomorrow that don't involve looking like i need sleep!
i got a whole 4 hours of sleep! woohoo!
open forum: how should i cut my hair? and   what kind of hi-lite's should i get?
still mixed feeling about my hair appointment tomorrow  don't know what i want   annoyed 
i guess it's ok   just kidding  i love it  love 
i cut my hair!
i did it!
episode eureka
i love true friends  what's on your mind?
"<propfirst>'s first football scrimage is today is at 5 smile 0  so, why is all his gear here   and i need to get dressed  i love him so much i could squeeze all that icky boy goo out of him   love "
today was ok  my mom's been telling me she loves me after every bath  it's a tear jerker 
i know one thing that's going to make me furious by the end of the week and another thing that's already eating away at my anger buttons  where's a good punching bag when i need it?
who dat!
i know i sent my painting drawing from my phone to here last night   
going to the gym for the first time since    uhhhh 
i've been having the worst dreams again 
"sometimes i need to remind myself of what <propfemale> <propmale> once said, \no one can take advantage of you without your permission \"""""
thanks you all for the birthday wishes   love   love   love 
i'm tired  are we there yet?
why am i still waking up every few hours? whaaa 
chicken 
(fbook)
ucluttering my rooms will take more than three days  *yawn*
i want sleep!  annoyed 
"sorry everyone  i'm not superstitious but this october has 5 fridays 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is known as money bags  so copy this to your staus and money will arrive within 4 days, based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy will be without money  i cannot let that person be me  copy within 11 min   hope it works!"
"must finish the pumpkins  i have ideas, but what are some other ideas can you all think of to decorate one "
candypants?
go saints    love 
happy veteran's day!!!
"baby names! suggest girl or nonspecific gender names please  really want help with this  i'm not having a baby, btw "
where in the world is <propfirst> sandiego? what made her so special  oh and gooo saints!!!
my internal radio keeps changing stations  it's annoying  i want to sleep 
i made this 
"she walks in beauty like night on cloudles climes   ( well, she did )"
"there's a trapdoor in your heart   \there's a false bottom line and it's falling apart   lalala"
red full lunar eclipse <propfemale> tonight @ 1: 40 for three hours  hope i'm awake 
happy christmas and all the other amalgamations of christmas 
"i'm probably going to start fresh with a new facebook <propfemale>, so in a few days those who really notice and care send a request to me  i'll be sending some myself  peace "
i love my family very much 
i miss my son alot  i'm throwing his birthday party next weekend  any friends of his that don't get an invite check with <propfirst>  i had to set a limit  it's basketball themed  btw 
"anyone wanting to attend <propfirst>'s 13th birthday bash, send me a msg via fb and i'll give you the info  it's this saturday "
"wow  sad part is i really consider her a friend  angry at my fiance and or his dad has nothing to do with me, in fact, if i ever heard them talk bad about this person  i would take her side  girls in their 20's really act this way? so fickle  just what we were talking about last week  i need some <propfirst> a , but she's probably sleeping "
"do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself around, that's what it's all about "
you go green bay   love 
"today was pretty great  my new green shoes and my owl jewelry came in  plus, finding friends you thought you'd never find again is beyond amazing  so awesome   love "
