0683c978f02a335212583f38a0786011
so i fell asleep at 8pm last night  probably for the best   
looking for a fighter <propfemale>   
"how do people that don't know the difference between livestock fields and parking lots get their licenses? some genius just decided to run their truck through my fence which encloses my horse, park it in my field, and run away without saying a word to anyone that was affected by his stupidity  the good news is, he'll probably be back on the road tomorrow, legally, if he isn't already "
finally got the infestation of rats out of our house   hood rats that is    smile 
"84 on my business 101 final!!! yay!!! (and only because i started it 45 minutes before it closed, so i was nervouc)"
nervous that is  smile 
"just named my new <propfemale> jinx, as is my life  smile "
"my horse decided to walk through the not-hot wire fence today, go across the street to graze in the ditch next to the neighbor's horses   and the road  she willingly came home, but ran the fence line for an hour, trying to find where she could jump it  so, i spent half my day staring out the window, watching her  and now i'm just worried i'm going to wake up and she's going to be back at the neighbor's   "
"anyone with a horse trailer, help me please! i need to get my horse to my boss's house (literally, like 5-10 <propmale> from mine) so she won't try to follow the chicken across the road anymore! (fyi, it's not going to be a 5-min deal getting her in the trailer   ) anyone out there that wants some good <propfemale>, here it is waiting for you     smile "
started my first 5-day-per-week school term today!
"not just the cops, but the homies you gotta watch   "
"i'm really moved by the fact that a girl i was best friends went to high school with is now in 'busted' for her 4th time for prostitution! (and theft, too, this time, she's movin' up!) way to go!!!"
"\to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence \"" -indian philosopher j  krishnamurti"""
"\putting aside your biases and tuning in to the speaker are like tuning in a radio station to receive a clear signal with no distortion \"" -student"""
my new computer just got here! yay for me!
"theory of a deadman \i hate my life\""   on replay in my head   24 7   """
i take back what i said before! i love my life!  smile  today is the best day ever!!!!!
feeling a lot more comfortable now that i know my drive axle isn't zip tied anymore   thank you!!!!!!!  smile 
going riding for the first time in years!!!!! yay!!!!
"why do i have to deal with the stupid shit drama that everyone else starts does that i have nothing to do with???????????????????? fuck me, right???? cuz i did anything to anyone else to deserve what i have to go through deal with right now that has absolutely nothing to do with me    why???????????????????"
"please tell me, i'd really like to know so i don't make the same mistake\ again  oh, that's right, my mistake was caring about anyone else  only \care about yourself, that's what i learn more and more every day, because\ that's what everyone else does so what else could i possibly do and \still make it in this life???????"
i literally cannot leave my house for one single night without the most retarded things that could possibly happen happening here  i love my life!!!!! thank you!!!!!!!
i am going to break someone's face   right now   
"room 4 rent: $300 month, 3-bedroom, 2-bath house on 4-1 2 acres  manufactured home, on s  end rd  in oregon city (close to canby also)  let me know!"
"not just the cops, but"
"happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me!!!!  smile "
"just to be clear, i did not want to participate in the <propmale> foolery of changing my profile picture to a cartoon character but <propfirst> would not smoke with me until i did   sad "
i hate liars  sad  they ruin everything   
lovin my new movie i got for christmas   'kitten party'  smile 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
"so, yeah   i just won $100 on a $2 scratch-it   pretty freakin sweet!!!  smile "
"in the process of replacing my rotors and pads today, my dad discovered a piece of my brakes missing   "
my old boss just called me and wants me to come in and talk to her tomorrow   cross your fingers for me!!!  smile 
getting ready to go to work!!  smile 
just got all four of my wisdom teeth out  yay  n stuff 
