200a1a7d0c8feae05ab7bd6a5f7c5dab
has gotten more spam these two months on facebook than the whole rest of her life combined  srsly 
tilted her head back into its proper orientation and made her way to the bars in the manner of a gorilla practicing high speed butoh  i needed to make someone laugh at that moment   
"is excited about <propfemale> wars: the old republic, a game she will never be able to play because she will never own a computer that it will run smoothly on "
wants to know just what exactly she is waiting for 
"goffman, will you talk straight for just two pages? she can't think when you force her to think  honestly   "
"is done reading goffman! *howls* he finally started getting easily intelligible near the end there    she wonders if this is because he was actually making more sense or because her brain e playful anded a little bit, but is too busy avoiding all thought of him "
"went walking two <propmale> barefoot at dusk and managed not to step on anything after finding a hole in her shoe, came within twelve feet of a raccoon the size of a border collie, and was long-distance serenaded by a group of five to eight suburban coyotes  s"
"power rangers to english trigun, bleach and wolf's rain crossovers with <propfirst> young bosh are not even remotely funny    so why can she not stop laughing?"
just watched shatner's version of 'rocketman' on youtube  is thinking the theatre people should do some such  *do you know where your next monologue is coming from?*
"is going to big basin and up the coast of oregon, possibly the most beautiful drive in the entire country, for the next six days  see yah! anyone needing solace or companionship until then should instead go read silentreaper's \matsuda's rant\"" death note """
wishes she were swirly-fast and a bit less sane at the moment 
"wants macaroni, but all she finds in the cabinet is powdered milk and alcohol  she realizes that this would not be a problem for some of her friends, and feels strange because of it "
"wants to see a really good amv set to pink <propmale>'s 'brain damage' and 'eclipse' hopefully based off the character fan-named 'shirosaki' from bleach particularly after the second fight with ulquiorra is animated or maybe she should just get a life       or  maybe     who wants to teach me how to make amvs? you know, when we have \time \"""""
"is obsessed, but glad to be going back to a place where the lack of time and internet will force her to be useful "
"waahwagowagoresmeth, waahwagowagogoffman, waahwagowagolabwriteup    and more robotical, according to the mbti, than she thought herself to be "
"wishes for citrus  non-sitting-out-cut-in-glad-bins-for-several-days-citrus  and un-sauced sliced string beans and water chestnuts  oooh, and carrot sticks!"
"has finished her mock research proposal! now on to stereotypes, then back to goffman  0_o"
"didn't get excited about the new crew patches she designed until 11 smile 0, an hour after she wanted to be asleep  now she can't stop making excited little noises about them, and may be up til 3 for no good reason again "
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  we are only as strong as the weakest among us  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
goffman goffman goffman goffman goffman   
back to goffman!
"is done with goffman  forever  you sensically crazy canadian    sociologist  i hate you  i have just cleared you out of my bag, so guess what? i don't have to <propfemale> you around anymore! neener neener nee-ner!"
"did well enough on her evil paper of goffman and not sleeping on the weekend to bring her grade in social psych up to a b-! she so thought she was going to fail that class  now she will not sleep because of bard-a-thon  yay, immune system abuse!"
"at the bard-a-thon, has begun to realize that she does not smell too good  45 hours in, 67 hours since friday morning, and a total of 2 5 hours of sleep since  still no hallucinations  shall try harder next year "
now has a passport of officialness 
is ssoooooo ready for strike day 
strike day officially starts in three hours and 21 minutes  squeeee!
has an awesome mask 
is so glad her outside of school responsibilities are ended! now she can focus on bringing up her biopsych grade 
madness? this is citrus!!!!
"shuttle cancelled  she asked <propfirst> to drive her  the weather turned too nasty  she got her flight cancelled and wandered through snow 2 days trying to find options  after several failed solutions she agreed to fly back home  monday at 10 smile 0 she found her shuttle had left at 9 smile 0 instead of 12 smile 0  she ran to <propmale>, was saved by <propfemale> who took her to <propfemale> who drove her to the airport just in time for her newest flight "
"is back in the country, at school "
"has more mafia wars requests than she can possibly get to  you guys did know i would be gone for two weeks, right?"
still hasn't seen avatar
is astonished; scoville has a facebook <propfemale>! why didn't she know this before?
needs some bear mccreary and apocalyptica on her mp3 
spent two hours looking at bumper stickers instead of sleeping  bad <propfirst>!
is having an emo moment hour day 
just watched nausicaa with a bunch of bfa guys  how strange is that?
"@ 12 smile 8 am tonight, <propfirst> kobyluk's phone finally lost its two year stuggle against obselescence  the screen, while still completely intact, no longer shows any picture at all  she can still call people who's #s she has memorized (not very many) and listen to messages, although she can't tell whether or not she has messages to listen to  anything else, including using her alarm clock, is now impossible "
"here's a doctor, there's a doctor, and another little doctor, fuzzy doctor, funny doctor, doctor doctor <propfirst>  doctor doctor chula doctor, master pig banana doctor, doctor doctor dalek doctor, doctor doctor <propfirst>  i was once a spaceship, my mum's a trampoline, cheetahs like to kill for fun, ice warriors are green  <propfirst>'s been dead a while now, but he's still got a date, listen to the dalek force as they exterminate!"
never is thinkings of grammar again after this day: happiness!!!!!!
"still has time to fix all of this, technically "
restraint induced therapy can teach you to write with your left hand and hydrogen cars are e playful losives on wheels: things <propfirst> reads in the course of cleaning her room for the first time in a year 
"is going home, where she will get her cell phone fixed and her catahoula fix "
"realized on the plane ride home that although she had alluded quite specifically to which edition of the play she had used in her paper, she did not actually remember to attach a works cited <propfemale>  will this mean a zero for the assignment? will she pass shakespeare, or will she have to give up her second <propmale>?"
"just watched dead again, a very disturbing, very amusing movie about reincarnation and hypnotism "
"just had the most terrible creative shower meditation idea ever, and simply must write it down before it stops being funny "
"presents taking awesome representations down into school  playful arody (tardis  playful ), starring <propfirst> tennant as the doctor *looks urgently at the camera, as if-* <propfirst> simm as the master *taps out a rythm of four while somehow managing to look both bored and anxious* and rowan atkinson as the bachelor *smirks suggestively *"
spent the day at ye olde maker faire 
had a dream last night about unclogging a toilet in which crutchfield complemented her on her ability to run in small circles 
had a firefly land on her throat tonight 
"is having trouble with words today  fresh soph <propfirst> asked her if her light had a safety clamp (meaning cable)  and she almost responded that yes, she  was  in the mood for free doughnuts "
wishes that the youth of unity had left some of their doritos in the lobby 
that mcgann movie was flippin' bizarre 
"just vaccuumed the auditorium \yes, at midnight-thirty \yes, barefoot \yes, i know you didn't ask about my feet \yay for open summer work schedules!"
wants to get mildly drunk and have a random conversation with someone 
just can't handle recreational mathmatics or bananas 
"realized not too long ago that, were it not for the <propmale> potter books, she might never have known what was meant by the word \snog \""\",200a1a7d0c8feae05ab7bd6a5f7c5dab,just found out that <propmale> gaiman is the writer for one of next season's doctor who episodes!
"i found this  it was weird  still is   \enjoy it: http annoyed  somehedgehog livejournal com 245807 html"
started reading the first in a long line of next semester's texts this morning  she doesn't want a repeat of last term's procrastination fiasco 
"climbed the stacks today  at first she thought,  this is good  this is what i've been needing to do in my life,  but then that started off some sort of existential melt cycle  i'm going to graduate in a terribly short amount of time  what do i have to show for it? two majors (hopefully), a minor, and somewhere around 120 service hours  what happened to all of those things i wanted to learn and do?!"
"is the proud new owner of a medium-sized box of q-tips  ahh, luxury "
feels utterly and completely competent! getting a full night's sleep must've helped 
's cerebullum has apparently learned the number of steps to the tech booth without her noticing  this means that it is no longer a matter of seeing in the dark  she will have to look to less familiar obsticles in the future in order to improve her darkvision 
"the metal platfroms have been moved, and are no longer in the theatre  hooray!"
"we are worshipers of chaos not in the entropic sense but the randomystic \this means that we do not worry about the grammar in the previous sentence "
"unfortunately, the side of beef seems to have been one of the items which perished in the flood "
decided to spend her free time during staff week watching the mindscrew that is <propfemale> for the first time 
needs people to come help her pick out items for midnight madness tomorrow (tuesday) from 10am to 2pm and 8 smile 0pm to 11pm  hale? harper? anyone else who's interested?
"hates grand pianos, along with all human beings who are not currently brimming with excited enthusiasm  (or who would be if they weren't asleep) this is not to say she  likes  those people; it's just harder to stay mad at them "
needs to be awake again in five hours 
feels better now 
"will now drink copious amounts of carbonated bone-killer from shakespeareshead before cleaning the lobby and auditorium and carrying a bunch of stuff downstairs to one of the many cds entitled \random mix \"" \",200a1a7d0c8feae05ab7bd6a5f7c5dab,just had her first ever remembered nightmare about losing her teeth  what does that mean again?
"is really enjoying her new classes, except for the seniory one which elicits an anxiety response "
misses the guys  and kat  and non-busy <propfemale> 
's right foot is bewailing abuse 
"is now going to ride the bus! current bard-a-thon awake count, 8 hours 43 minutes, and the plays haven't even started   "
"accidentally fell asleep during about one and a half of the early scenes in which she had no lines (less than ten minutes, anyway)  ignoring this, the current bard-a-thon awake count is 30 hours, 14 minutes "
"is almost not sick anymore, and planning to help with strike "
"alas, i have missed your call    &c "
"abra's <propfirst> smart cat poem was the best poem ever  \jubilate agno\"": a welcome reward for finding out what the heck free-choice recognition was """
"is back in california, where political problems are apparently brewing "
likes scottish chickens 
\i believe it is time for a little defenestration   \,200a1a7d0c8feae05ab7bd6a5f7c5dab,"finally figured out how to make her profile picture a pokemon!    now that it is no longer relevant  awnyway, thanks <propfemale>!"
"is anyone else having that problem where you type something in the comment bar but it doesn't scroll down, so you essentially have to guess at what you've written so far? my spelling errors have increased    "
"so, who is this handsome young man you're playing chess with today?"
just checked out and checked her email to find no nasty shuttle surprises  fingers crossed for an uneventful trip home 
what is that mysterious ticking noise?
"which you ought to know i can’t e playful lain by now, because when it comes to e playful ressing myself, my reading vocabulary is promptly bisected, then decimated, which, if you were counting, means that i now have 45% of my former mouth noises "
"just had <propfirst> capps saw her hair off with a pair of scissors  rehearsal, bannerman, shower, touch-up, pre-lab, sleep "
ear canal infection = better than inner ear infection  less hurty  yay 
"i don't think i'm thinking what you think i'm thinking  then again, i could be thinking exactly what you think i'm thinking    but if you think i'd think you thought i thought about a polar bear scuba diving- well, i likely just made you think about just that  so nevermind "
just had her head shaved by <propfirst> willey  with <propfemale> gillum's buzz razor thing  in <propmale> baker's scene shop  it feels so good 
i'll <propmale> you through the yard and all through the house in-to the dark   oh i-i   wanna steal your hea-art   and eat your brains 
"\well of course i'm superior to all of you  i'm also not real \"""""
new episodes of sanctuary on april 15! squeeeeeee!
