fcc087cbd66542590126edde4bd87f0a
is at dairy <propfemale> with the best and most amazing woman on the planet!!  smile   smile   smile 
if any body has a psn gamer tag mine is ihaveatransam79 add me
"found out she was single again asked her the question all i got was \i like you as a friend right now \"" \""you're like my best friend \""  i'm depressed and confused """
it hit me like a brick i just want her as a friend anything more wold only hurt us  smile )
feelin good      just bored 
another weekend gone with very little accomplished     sigh
filled up with e-85 fri  helpin those farmers and the environment     oh and it's 50 cents cheeper than gasoline : )
finally got the motor out of my car! yay!
"\i'm happier than a tornada in a trailer park!\"""""
has found a wonderful person
can't wait to come face to face with his dream
has been captured by an angel and couldn't be happier  smile 
"absolutly the best most exciting, fun, and wonderful day i have ever had  made possible by possibly the most wonderful girl in the universe!"
"used to think that nothing could be more beautiful than the <propfemale>s on a clear night out in the country, but then i went to iowa city and found a <propfemale> so bright it put the others to shame  smile "
absolutely loves the way he has been feeling since march 21st
played rockband 2 for a wile today downloaded some more songs for it played trough monster by skillet on e playful ert guitar 99% notes hit and 5 gold stars  smile  not a really difficult song but i did it for someone special  smile 
can't wait 'till around 10 tonight cause i get to talk to my lovely gf     baby i'm amazed by you  smile 
is tired of having bad days at work
"\all that i'm after is a life full of laughter as long as i'm laughin with you\""  smile """
wishes he had a certain someone close by his side tonight     he needs a hug     
needs his motor to be done already     come on! > sad 
thinks that he will never feel terrible again!  smile 
"time in one instant may move slow and in another fast, but no matter how its moving the time spent knowing someone loves you is always at a stand still so you may hold onto the moment forever  smile "
so i finally get to see the engine for my car on saturday! it's complete and ready to pick up  smile  can't wait for the fun of ordering more parts and dropping that beast back in its home!
"i've been away for so long  i miss her soooo \much  i never thought that love could make you feel bad and depressed as\ much as this  i will survive though because i know i will always be \welcome back home in your arms ?"
is at a loss for what he should do on his day off tomorrow   parts should be coming for the car but not really any i can use right away   hmmmm i guess i'll just have to wait untill i see what the day brings
had a great day today! feeling good and enjoying the thoughts of the future!  smile 
"was kinda enjoying the middle 60's  sad  oh well at least i can still enjoy the 60's at night while looking at the stars  smile  alas the stars remind me of someone and i miss her a lot   so though i can enjoy the temp i see not stars but a pretty face a pretty smile and a beautiful personality they shine brighter than the sun, and though i miss her i know she is locked away safe in my mind and every beat of my heart  smile "
should leave for work right about now but is super tired couldn't sleep  sad  ok i'm leaving ugh
"got off work early and turned his day into a lazy, carefree, feeling better about himself, rearranging his room, listening to music, watching a <propmale> urban concert on dvd, drinking a milkshake, and thinking about his girl kind of day   smile  awesome"
feels great this morning! got the day off and maybe have some more parts coming in today for the car  gonna clean and repaint the air cleaner today and get some 800 grit sandpaper maybe get the rims worked on   smile 
"\love is unstoppable!\""\",fcc087cbd66542590126edde4bd87f0a,has a huge craving for a hug or a kiss or both from his wonderful far off <propfemale>!  smile  i miss you
"continued    we will all enjoy the rain that comes falling; a cooling sensation and a\ symphony of sorts; the rain steals the heat and the thiunder reports; \the lighning flashes and lights up the sky; a simple yet astonishing \treat for the eye; summer is gone now it left in a hurry; i think in the\ distance i see a flurry  playful "
"feel the breeze on a warm early summers day; the stress of life seems to\ fade away; birds in the distance chirping so happily; it seems a good \day to be outside with family; activities of summer so blissful and \freeing; all that is done seems to come like breathing; off in the \distance a storm is brewing;"
"had a great day yesterday working on the car, texting my awesome gf, and going fishing  let's hope i can do just as well today  smile "
"had another great day! chatting with the most amazing gf throughout the day, went to my brothers graduation ceremony, had some most amazing newyork cheesecake pancakes and iced coffee at ihop, and got some things accomplished on the car   smile "
had a fairly boring day  gave netflix on the wii a good workout haha and got the motor mounts put back on the engine  a big plus is that i got paid to do all that today  smile 
off work early now for some wrenchin on the car  smile     but first lunch haha
got some astronaut ice cream from amazon and a little gift for my sweetheart today  smile  got the exhaust mocked up on the car and did a little gaming  all the wile missing that wonderful girl  i will see you soon my love  love 
is sooooooooooo ready for next weekend to get here!!!!!! come on time move faster!!!   smile 
"kfc: \would you like some cookies for only $ 99?\""\",fcc087cbd66542590126edde4bd87f0a,was on a forklift for six and a half hours and got a pretty mean sunburn    oh well it was fun  smile 
haha still more parts coming from summit racing tomorrow! yay! sadly not the flywheel that i so deperately need to actually put the engine in the car ugh sad   the summer wastes away and no car to go out and play!  classic cars out enjoying the weather wile mine sits in a garage <propfirst> as ever! oh please please make my flywheel come so i can hit the road and have some fun!
as the rain of a summer storm makes a soothing sound outside; i sit and think about how i like the rain  the rain is peaceful; the rain is cooling; the rain brings beauty  the rain brings me closer to you 
"just got an email from summit racing- we just wanted to let you know that we shipped your recent order \part # ctf-700610      flywheel              374 95\ smile  hell yeah!!!!!!!!"
"thinks it's strange that the past couple days he hasn't set his alam clock, but has been waking up early on his own   huh   "
"boo summit racing! how do you idiots send me back the same ford fuel pump that i sent back to you? i need a pontiac one > sad  \come on did you not even open the box when you got it back?"
"spent an amazing weekend with an amazing girl  smile \time, it's a crazy thing  when having fun it's fast and vise versa  this weekend however was different  i was having fun but time was nearly motionless  though the clock says different  but spending time with the one i love is amazing it's like having my own little time pod  one that only she and i can be in, and that is an amazing feeling "
so the flywheel i ordered and waited for is wrong because the crankshaft that was used to rebuild my engine is from an older motor around a 76 or earlier  i ordered one for a 79  the crankshaft register is 2 75 inches on my crank and the flywheel i have measures 2 49 inches  so oh well at least the flywheel i actually need is not backordered  back to summit you go along with that ford fuel pump!
"5 a m  comes too fast  sad  \i wish i had you here; i wish that you were near; i wish that i could've seen that beautiful face; that would've made my heart race; to see you in the morning; to have you next to me smiling; ah a kiss and a hug goodbye; a friendly \have a good day\""   sigh; i miss you in the morning light; a morning without you just doesn't seem right """
correct flywheel coming tomorrow  smile  maybe if it comes early enough in the day i can get the engine back in the car 
"got the motor back in the car after a good, long fight  this car just doesn't like me   never has, and probably never will  but i don't care how much it fights me it will be driven again!!"
"and the sun shines and temperature rises; mother nature is just full of surprises; i wish for rain but at the same time welcome the sun; out in the sun we can have some fun; the rain is calming and cooling to the touch; but even the rain gets old after so much; thunder i will miss and lightning is quite a spectacle; if the sun, thunder, and lightning existed together it would be quite incredible"
yay a whole day tomorrow to work on the car! possibly help a friend install his car stereo too  smile 
"got the exhaust all done and the radiator installed  i hope to have the car done by this weekend  smile  i had a good day  i got the most wonderful surprise in the mail! a card from my love!  smile  it brought about a wonderful happiness from deep inside  it made me cry tears of joy  a card with sound   a wonderful \i love you\"" and a perfect song by lonestar  thank you so much hun! love you babe!  love """
"is going to give summit one more <propmale> at giving me the right fuel pump- only because ordering one from an auto parts store will take too long-i even paid for next day delivery, so the moment of truth for summit keeping a customer will be tomorrow  then if it is the right one we should be hearing a monster come to life later tomorrow night  smile "
"got the car running but the engine has an exhaust leak at the intake manifold  can i get a break? please!? now i have to call auto <propmale>'s cuz they messed up ugh!!! the good thing is the engine runs very well!!! i haven't even tuned the carburetor or adjusted the timing yet, and it still runs, sounds, turns over, starts, and looks better than it ever did before  smile "
is gonna have the new best weekend of his life!!!
awesome weekend!!!!  smile  you are amazing love  love 
"loves driving his car but wishes it would stop fighting him  i can't wait for it to be perfect so i can cruise with my beautiful, wonderful, amazing girlfriend!!  smile "
"got his new computer finished!!!\new computer's stats: amd phenom ii x4 at 3 4 ghz--msi sli ready motherboard with nvidia nforce 980-g65 chip--8 gb corsair dominator ddr3 dual channel ram 1333 mhz---nvidia gtx 260 oc graphics card with 898 mb ram--850 watt antec power supply--lg blu-ray player burner--hitachi cd dvd burner--card reader--480gb hdd--windows 7 ultimate 64 bit--8 fans"
"the days go by; i'm almost getting tired of being this guy; the kindness i show, the generosity i bestow; never appreciated you know?; why are people so rude and disrespectful?; i'd like to be vengeful; i'd like to say go to hell;how do i hold back so well; i do nothing, i won't change ever; i like me too much i'll stay like this forever!; so nice try all you people you can't win!; i'll just say hi and smile again!"
 smile 
just found out what it's like eating mcnuggets and dipping them in bbq sauce wile driving   it's not too bad   didn't even get any bbq on me  smile  oh! and a frappé to go with it delicious!
thinks it's pretty entertaining to watch the cone of a speaker vibrate and bounce as it produces the wonderful sound and beat of music!  smile 
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes!!  smile 
"\time spent wishing   is time wasted \"""""
starts working at the kewanee menards on sunday    not really that excited about it    glad its only for a month  smile 
first night working in kewanee    12 5 hours put up block display similar to the moline store
with open arms i embrace the day; i wouldn't have it any other way; the day is mine; i'm gonna do what i can to make it shine; i'm gonna smile a little more; i'm gonna laugh till my sides are sore; i'm gonna dream of days to come; i'm gonna give a lot and only take some; i'm gonna let the day shine; the day is mine!
"has the most amazing, wonderful, astonishing, sexy, beautiful, enticing, caring, talented, understanding, smart, loving, and all around perfect girlfriend in the entire world"
loves ange cox with all his heart and soul  love 
"if i had a dollar for every second i spent missing my girlfriend when we're apart i'd make $86,400 a day"
is sooooooooooo sick of the kewanee remodel! thank god there is only one more night         well        everybody cross your fingers!  smile 
is very happy to be heading back to work at the moline menards on monday  smile 
wow!!!! i had such a great time with my girlfriend this weekend  smile  every little thing she does     i love it!  smile  i never want to miss any of it! awwwwww     now i miss her a lot!!  sad 
first day back at the moline menards = great!!  smile  its hard to believe how much everyone missed me
"i'm head over heels; i love how this feels; in love with a girl who is perfect oh yes; she will deny it but she is nonetheless; hello undeniable love of my dreams; i'm unconditionally yours no matter how life careens; in good times and bad when happy or sad; i'll always be there and never just a tad   \\ i'm all in, with you forever, 'til the world comes to end"
's heart is with ange cox  smile  with love keeping me breathing nothing can stop me!  smile 
almost cried today because he misses his girl sooooo much!!
says   i love being the happiest man alive!!! i love having the most perfect girl on the planet!!!
hopes that ange will have a wonderful day!!  smile 
awesome weekend!!! thank you for letting me visit babe!  smile 
i'm a cowboy who drives a trans am
hopes that ange has a great day!!!  smile  i miss you like crazy love!!!
i miss her so much my heart   it aches  i need her by my side don't care what it takes! i want to be there when the going gets tough; i want you next to me when life gets rough; our roots are entangled one with each other; love has spoken made bright it's true color; i am yours and you are mine; i love you forever! that's my favorite line  smile 
is tired of working after his shift is supposed to end
new phone had a programming glitch    wait 4 hours before using it now   bummer    
sooooooooooo freaking awesome to be able to text ange again!!!!!  smile   smile  i missed her so!
"late night, come home, work sucks i know   wish i could leave her roses by the stairs   i'd surprise her so she knows i care"
rock band! was really fun today but     i'm missing something   someone     a guitar player    someone who really knows how to shred!     she's played with me once before    i was amazed at her skills    my band feels empty without her    i need my sexy guitar player ange cox!!!!
is sick  sad 
"something inside me is not quite right\i just can't seem to have one good night\alone, alone in my dark, dark room\my heart feels locked inside my chest in a tomb\it aches and it calls out for my love far away\it wishes and prays someday she'll stay\her heart safe by mine together as one\to forever in time together they run"
had a pretty decent day   ended up losing my voice but for a while i could do movie trailers with perfect accuracy  playful 
is crazy in love and has a deep need to be with his wonderful and amazing girlfriend and best friend forever ange cox
misses ange sooooooooooo freaking much!!!!!!  sad 
is getting a new truck!!!!  smile 
is it october 15th yet???!!!!!!!!  smile   smile 
one word that describes my girlfriend        amazing
drifts away in wonderful thoughts    every day all day   all about one really special young lady  smile 
"is very very very excited for tomorrow afternoon, saturday, and sunday!!!!!"
if i was only allowed to make one decision in life to make me happy    i would choose to have every second close to your side; to have my life a part of yours  some would choose money or another material thing   i'd choose you my love anytime every time 
"my 2000 chevy s-10 is for sale!!!!! $4,000 obo \96,000 miles\4 cylinder flex-fuel\5 spd manual\flowmaster exhaust\aem cold air intake\alpine cd player with infinity speakers and rockford fosgate p3s subwoofer with 760 watt amp\tonneau cover\nice tires\about 26-28 mpg on the highway if you keep it at 60\little bit of rust starting in on both fenders on the bed"
can't wait for halloween weekend!!!
"is very happy to be alive, and has so much to live for  smile  especially because of ange cox the most amazing and out of this world gorgeous woman on the planet!!!!"
needs a ride back from muscatine tomorrow and then back to muscatine wednesday morning
is very very happy  smile   smile 
"feels like crap  sad  \is lonely  sad  \misses ange  sad \wasted his day off  sad \needs a hug  sad \doesn't sleep well anymore  sad "
thinking of all the happy days that are to come with my love ange cox  smile   smile  i love you baby  love 
"looooooves the movie \how to train your dragon\""  smile """
had a pretty good day  smile 
is having a really tough saturday  sad 
would like to give a huge thank you!!!!  smile   smile  to <propfemale> <propmale> <propmale> for making his life wonderful by telling him about the beautiful angel ange cox  love   smile 
missing you    missing me    missing the one and only  smile 
"\we got nowhere to go and all night to get there \"""""
i need it to be wednesday night so i can share some time with my love and feel her warming deep loving presence  love 
had the absolute best thanksgiving and holiday weekend ever!!!  smile 
"i have decided that instead of getting paid money for missing my girlfriend   i would like an \i o u one kiss\"" every time i miss her  smile """
"\she takes my heart and don't give it back   yeah i love it when she does that!\""  love """
thinks     with roots entwined with the one he loves he stands tall and strong with her in the most unforgiving storm
netflix for ipod touch     awesome  smile 
"a christmas song says \it's the most wonderful time of the year\"" well i got to thinkin today   for me its not just christmas that is the most wonderful time   its every day   because every day i have ange's heart next to mine  smile   love  love you babe"""
"do me and <propfirst> have menards unknowingly tattooed all over our faces?!?!?!? he was wearing camo and i was wearing flannel     no menards gear whatsoever we were just shopping   and a lady says   \excuse me   where can i find ceiling lights?\"" i guess once you work at menards you have a big menards sign with an arrow pointing down that only customers can see hovering above your head!!"""
this saturday!!!! christmas vacation with ange cox !!!!!!!
"a poem below \too long for facebook to show\i hate the length limit on statuses so much\without it my statuses could have a real artists touch"
y'all!!!!  smile 
so far texas is awesome!!!     except for the freeway and road system  sad 
i love spending all my time with my girlfriend!!!  smile   smile 
"hates it sometimes when i look at things and say to myself   \menards has that\"""""
loves being ange cox's man!!!!!  smile 
"\there's a difference in livin and livin well  you can't have it all all by yourself  somethins always missin til you share it with someone else\""\",fcc087cbd66542590126edde4bd87f0a,avast ye land lubbers   ye be walkin in pirate terretory!!! ye be warned!!!  playful  hahah
is now on google's payroll and amazon's payroll  smile  i just need people to visit my blog pages and click on ads  smile  wish me luck!!
had a great day at work!! it feels really good to work d&s once and make it look perdy!!!!  smile 
limitless failures and limited successes all come together to make one great life 
is very happy  smile   smile 
sitting in my garage in the dark listening to <propfemale> underwood with the only illumination being the gauges and radio in my truck    it really is quite interesting looking haha
been stuck at home all day with a country road filled with 3 feet or more of snow   and its not just a drift   its the whole freaking road thats like that   here it is after 7 and it still hasn't been plowed!!! sorry to everyone at menards in the yard   sorry i couldn't make it in today  sad 
has an absolutely amazing girlfriend!!!!  smile   smile 
i get to see my baby today!!!!!!  laugh   laugh 
congratulations green bay packers!!! xlv champs
put his name in the pool for 2nd assistant yard manager today  smile  wish me luck!!
"is giving all of his love, happiness, prayers, good luck, hope, faith, determination, will, strength, wisdom, insight, courage, intelligence, and instinct to his wonderful girlfriend ange cox in hopes that it will help guide her through to her goals, hopes, and dreams   i love you babe i hope this helps  smile "
blah    
"watching \the magic school bus\""  smile   smile """
pretty freaking awesome day at work  smile 
"put a cd in my computer   it shows it as \greatest kiss\""  i didn't know there was a soundtrack about me and ange hehe  smile   smile """
 laugh 
no more menards
is actually having fun on the job hunt  playful 
it's hard to tell   but i'll be sleeping next to my baby tonight  smile  she's an hour and a quarter away in a different city but she's here and always is here right next to me through everything   no matter what it may be   sweet dreams babe   i love you  love 
my gf is amazing  that is all
looking through the lens of life it seems cloudy at times  you have to be the fog lights that punch through those clouds! no one can see your life more clearly than you!
longest week i have had in a looooooong time  annoyed 
gorgeous outside!!!  smile 
"creeping slowly but surely toward my forever happy\i'm ready oh so ready to give up this life that's crappy\come on time don't be cruel speed up a little please?\why do you always seem like you've hit a passing freeze"
"my computer is awesome!!  laugh \oh!! and i'm testing firefox 4 beta  playful "
gets to see someone amazing this weekend   and we are going to see rascal flatts!!!!!!  laugh 
rascal flatts was awesome!! and it was even better because our seats got changed!! we had floor seats about in the middle of the floor i'd say maybe 40 feet from the stage   but aparently the sound equipment took up too much room so we got moved to the lower bowl on the right side of the stage row 8!!! we were 14 or less feet from the stage   freaking sweet!!!!  smile 
"wishes the love of his life ange cox a very happy, happy birthday!!! i love you!!  love  i'm sooo happy i got to be a part of all but 11 of those 365 days of your 20th year!!! now you are 21 and i am very very happy to say that here is the start of the very first of many many years that i get to be a part of all 365-366 days!!!\happy birthday baby!!!!! @---->----"
bored
stupid time change
i love dreams  smile 
"sun keep makin your rounds    up in the east down in the west\keep on movin toward that wonderful day in august  smile "
great day enjoying the beautiful weather and getting first job interview  smile   smile 
now has a job at hawkeyer qck  smile 
"spent an amazing day with ange helping me shop for new work clothes helping her shop for clothes  laugh , and eating at village inn, and steak 'n shake, and then watching the new movie rango   oh and holding hands, and hugging, and smiling, laughing, kissing, walking, and driving together"
1 year with my baby today!!!!  laugh  most incredible year of my life!! looking forward to many many more years right by her side!!! love you hun!!!  love 
first day of work tomorrow  smile 
i miss my baby  sad 
thank god i am free of that terrible job    got an interview tomorrow already  smile   smile 
"flannel, blue jeans, and cowboy boots   hell yeah!"
"it's april 1st with pranks galore \laughs and screams but never a snore\careful pranksters setting up plots\scheming, thinking about taking their shots\don't worry victims it's all in good fun!\maybe next year you'll give pranking a run!"
"$2 admission fee to get into u-pull-apart?!\what's up with that?!"
got the s-10 all beautified so it can be sold  smile 
