58a9f9d9f883309d18222ef8310a76c5
is hanging with my best friend  w00t~!
i really need to post an updated pic  my hair isn;t blue anymore   
why have <propfirst>'s day? it's a stupid holiday 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes and gifts  i'll only be in school mon -wed  thursday is spanish zoo trip and friday is code yellow 
i'm obsessed with <propfemale> in wonderland!
best gum ever: orbit - pina colada
i want tofu stir-fry!!!
"i had an awesome time this weekend  if you we there you'd understand  if not, haha too bad!!!! i not telling yoooooou! i really need to update my profile pic    off to bed for meeee!"
i hate being so nice sometimes    anywaaaay! i think i'm caught up on sleep and i'm excited  why? i don't know  i think something good is going to happen!
i iz boreddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
i feel     restless  i had the worst dream ever last night  ugh 
it is friday yet?
i am going to <propfemale> in wonderland! like around 7ish on friday! and i got my phone back!
"i lay, looking at my hands i search in these lines  i've not the answer  i'm crying and i don't know  watching the sky i search for an answer  i'm free, free to be  i'm not another liar  i just want to be myself"
oh my fucking god! <propfirst> depp is the best! <propfemale> in wonderland was a-m-a-z-i-n-g!!!!!!
i am so f*ing tired!
i hope this week goes by fast   
"going shopping with a bunch of friends this weekend  won't be back until sunday, then i go to gamestop for pokemon heartgold  i'll disappear for a while after that lol "
p-o-k-e-m-o-n!
i'm pissed    why? i don't understand it myself
i'm grumpy 
pssssssssshh
stayed at home all day  sad 
 sad 
 sad 
c:
school tomorrow urgggg >3<
c:
anyone know what each egg is for the mother's day event?
stupid spam >w<
i really need pacifiers! i'll send 'em back!
c:
please do not send me pacifiers c:
feels     idk     blah    
"i only need 2 blue dacnis to finish the 4&5 species\can someone send me one?"
i need 1 water moccasin to reach 5 species achievemnt     anyone got 1 less than an hr old posted?
"i really need blue roses   \but hey, who doesn't? >w<"
i have no white roses! i could use some  i'll send 'um back!
i have 3 blue roses on my profile!
lotsof blue roses on my profile!
