a2ad26cd509db91fa235db03422d1305
dude i hadn't checked this since like wow lmao
mmmmaaaaaaannnnnnn why is facebook so boring lol
what does p  diddy feel like when he wakes up in the morning?
whoooohoooo and nobody knowsss ittttttt      
 crying 
man sometimes i never get over things >=|
i could use a dream or a <propfemale> or a wish    
"i wish we were all happy like we use to be in middle school  i wish i could bake a cake full of rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy\\she doesn't even go here! do you even go to this school?\\no  i just have a lot of feelings  "
do it for the butterflies!  smile 
one more day till i leaveee   
yay beach!!!!!!!!!!!!!  smile 
going back to wa tomorrow  just 5 more days till im homee  yessss  smile 
ssssssuummmmerrrr         love 
not a lot to do is there  
fantastic   thanks to him  smile 
spaghetti!!!!! mmmm  smile   love 
yayy laugh  nothing makes a day brighter than your dad handing you over two $20 bills! its bc i'm such a great daughter
just gunna stand there and watch me burn   well thats alright because i like the way it hurts  
 smile           
i hate this town!!!!!!!!!!
   wow im so jealous  annoyed  i wonder if it'll ever happen for me
"its official, there's nothing to do on facebook at 2am  except stare at the pretty bright screen       "
school starts in almost a week   and i haven't done my summer assignments! noooo  sad   sad 
i'm like never awake this early  lol!
yayyy gunna buy shoes lol  smile 
i love paloma!
at least my dog loves me   
thanks everyone for telling me happy bday  smile  i hope it is happy!
i had a greatt birthday thanks to youuu love 
so i wait forever to get this bag i ordered          and it finally gets here   and within the first 5 minutes of having it   i already ruin it  ugh fml
oh i just love those days when everyone has a life except for me   
in another world for today           smile       sad       annoyed 
i just felt like putting a status  smile 
just got home from taking senior pics   finally!  smile 
well they say there's only one guy who's worth your tears   hopefully it's this one  
i feel so much better    lets stay happy? love 
ughh i'm so sick  sad  i hope i feel better tomorrow  
home for 3 days sick ugh i feel like i'll never feel better   and then my dog ran away   but thankfully was found! just not the greatest week
"so 2 things i hate: \1  i hate when my computer half loads and at the bottom it says \done\"" ummm noo your not done! i refresh"," its like \""done\"" its arguing with me!\"a2ad26cd509db91fa235db03422d1305,happy smile 
i want it to be a good day     please be a good day please be a good day! ughh
 smile   love 
i hope tacobell is the last meal i have before i die lol
i just need somebody to loooooooooveeeeeeeeeeeee! shutup <propfirst> bieber your like 10!!
i'm soooooooooooooooo hunnnnnnnggggggryyyyyyyyy  sad  poor tummy
it's been sooo perrtty outside for the past days! thank you mother nature  laugh  even though i look like a vampire
my head hurts  sad 
soooo   i have no life
i couldn't ask for anyone better!!  laugh 
oh noo <propfirst> the platypus!
so full  smile 
ahh! my last homecoming!!  smile 
aww a goofy movie! poor goofy it's so sad  crying 
i hate checking my phone so much waiting    blah just gotta focus    have 3 pages done   
haha wow why are all the seniors on this late haha
1 pg and a half and i'm done     hopefully this turns out to be a better day   
just got back from sats! finally got that over with   i'm starving time to eat
ahh no school! but i have to finish my dumb senior paper  blah
i hate sundays! especially sundays before finals  
its    snooooooooowinnnnggggggggg  smile 
everything is so annoying to me sometimes   blah
"stupid school  i wish i knew for sure it would still be regular schedule, then i could have slept in another hour  sad  not much to do at home at 8am  lol"
one more day before xmas break    smile 
guys suck sometimes sad 
he's leaving  crying 
"happy for a not really warm but not really cold, <propfemale> day  smile "
"just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have    smile "
i miss him  sad 
uuuugggghhhhhhhh  annoyed 
i don't know    sad 
i miss being a kid! it's so stressful being a grown up   i miss when i could just go play barbies all day   it was so much easier to entertain yourself back then
i'm excited     smile 
2 days went by way too fast  sad 
the only dreams that matter are the ones you have when you're awake  smile 
"missing someone gets easier everyday because even though you are one day further from the last time you saw them, you are one day closer to the next time you will  love "
ugh applying and waiting to hear back from colleges is stressful   im scared  sad 
am i the only one not watching the superbowl? lol cartoons seem good at this time  
i'm <propfemale> in love!  love   love 
