aa18455dd63630b1bc9cfece794c554b
iam doin <propfemale> workin and goin to school is awsome
im at a party but bored
thanks everybody!!!!
these facebook games are addicting!!!!!!!!!!
"south korea wins 2-0 aganist greece , <propfemale> beats nigeria 1-0 ,u s ties with england  go u s a !!!!!!!!!"
missed the game between holand & denmark  playful  watched japan beat camaroon tho 1-0   smile  go japan now watin 4 italy vs paraguay
help rescue animals hurt by the gulf oil spill disaster   play happy pets and buy the peewee duck and 100% of the net proceeds get donated to the national wildlife federation! http annoyed  bit ly saveanimals2
u s a should have won man we were cheated!!!!!!!!!!
brazil yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!
goooooallllll !!!!!!! go brazil!!!!
goooooaaaaaaaalllllaaaaazzzooooo!!!!!!! go brazil
gooooooaaaallll
brazil giuna win
<propfirst> shut up!!!
usa usa usa usa usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"at bestbuy usin ipad it's ok somwat\\if"
r i p tipsy miss ur playful antics already pretty <propfemale>
"had a small accident got banged up  pretty good learned a good lesson never go down hill on a scooter or else u might end up flying &\face down on the middle of the street"
tho i do wish we had had a video camera 2 have taped it it would have looked awsome
went to my first pysc class 2day it cool but boring lol made 1 friend oh and i cut my hair up to my <propfemale>
bored as hell rite now!!! and have a bad head ache!!!
cant wait till friday guna sleep over at a friends house!!! cominback on saturday tho gota work on sunday
i m a bussiness woman now and im sooo happy!!!!!!!!!
guna go to work in a few hours ugh!!!!
i love stickman  sniper games!!!!!!!! lol been playin them for about an hour !
r i p osmond the funniest and coolest neighbor any 1 could have asked for!
guna vote tomorrow!!!!! who else is?
bored out of my freakin mind rite now
guna walk to <propfirst> in a box then walk to lancaster city park and wait 4 the bus in the freakin dark!!!!!! 1 reason i dont like dst
it my b-day 2day and i gota work well at least i wont be bored       mayb!
hey instead of a b day gift it would be cool if every1 donateed to my chossen <propfemale> click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 68451?bws=st
hey instead of a b day gift it would be cool if every1 donateed to my chossen <propfemale> click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 68451?bws=st
hey instead of a b day gift it would be cool if every1 donateed to my chossen <propfemale> click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 68451?bws=st
hey instead of a b day gift it would be cool if every1 donateed to my chossen <propfemale> click here to donate: http annoyed  birthdays causes com wishes 68451?bws=st
im watching tv   national geographic channel    ya im a nerd
going out tonite after class wit this guy i met at work this will our second date and i cant wait!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!!!
bored out of my mind and super fuckin cold
yipppp!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no work today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and im not as sick as i was yesturday so i can go out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ugh i thought i was'nt as sick as monday and now it my throat has gotten worse  sad 
its fucking freezing im my room and  we still have a bunch of snow up here!!!! soooo happy my babe gave me a heater 
my heater threw the power!!!! my mom told me to shut  it off  sad         
saw my babe last nite after 2 days wit out seeing each other o o i didnt think i we would miss each other tht much but wit did guna see him 2nite after work soooo happy  smile 
cut my hair again it shorter now and has bangs but it looks a whole lot better now  smile 
snnnnooooooooowww!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please god let it snow!!!!!
going to see street light manifesto this sunday sooooo happy!!!!!!!!!
y cant the snow stick it was awsome looking at it fall  smile  but it would have been better if we could acutally pick it up and form a nice snow ball out of it !!!!!!!  playful 
soooooooo fucking happy!!! <propfirst> bought us tickect 2 go c alkaline trio this thursday i have the best boyfriend in the world!!!!!!
