d8f180fc5f667511e77a0dbd14b702ac
is happy i got rid of all the viruses on my computer
hey want to know something!?  te amo!!!  laugh 
my eyes are tired   
i get up way too early without wanting or needing too   aahhhh whats wrong with me!?
i've been having a lot of free time lately    it feels nice
"is ready to go to colorado, but i feel a bit weird, like somethings missing    hmm"
leaving tonight   i'm gonna miss my famiiy in colorado   
"just made delicious crepes!  thanks sister for the recipe, miss you "
forgot how great pink <propmale> was
i love my life
my mind just needs to settle down 
feels very terrible   
is feeling very very good now  laugh 
trying to learn how to play the piano
lalalalala i love my life!
i don't think i'll ever eat mcdonalds again   uhhh i hate being sick
a nice 12 hr sleep is exactly what i needed 
breaking windows is fun
"mmm, cookies"
a lot of deep thinking goes on in the bathroom
enjoying a very rare day off of no work or school
woot! some lady gave me a coupon as she was leaving the restaurant that saved me 6 bucks!
haven't been sunburnt in a while   oh well its not that bad 
"hmmm, coconut water to rehyrdrate from a fun exhausting day"
what a long day 
"for every minute you are feeling off, you lose sixty seconds of \happiness"
today is going to be a good day
its such a hassle trying to find the remote every time i want to watch tv
don't want to go to work 
time to go take down the big brother at some games 
my dreams are teasing with me
i feel so happy and lucky   i have what's important in my life
1000 little pieces
what a great lucid dream!  they're so awesome and i love my girl  smile 
just settle down
"don't worry, be happy "
"it's hard, but trying my best to get better with every single day"
yes i'm finally done!  i can enjoy the rest of my evening now 
is it weird that i get really into writing research papers and enjoy them?
yes! lucid dreams are happening a lot more often then they used to 
woot woot!  my research <propmale> proposal got accepted for funding!
#5 your a cool down to earth person   nice person to <propfemale> out with   remember my mom telling me i should keep you away from my gf because of your good looks lol
looking at research articles even though school is over   my weird way of having fun lol
"thanks everyone for the b-day wishes, makes this day all the better"
"loving my sisters cooking, so delicious!"
