10ea9575e65474bade27b8dd3f0afcc0
i am confused by the conflicts of modern life - like scrubbing out transport crates with real bleach and recycled paper towels 
"calling this fb doesn't work for me, as that is also short for fluffbunny, the commonest insult for witches to call one another!"
"if i ever work somewhere again, my skill set is going to be a list of things like scrubbing puke out of the carpet, interpreting animal noises coming from another room, and e playful laining to kittens things like why the guinea pig tank is not a bathroom, and w"
"midsummer madness - obviously loki is afraid of what will happen to me out on the highway today, two transports in a row have not needed me at the last minute  just as well, i am operating on too many planes at the moment to be truly focused on the task "
just did a transport  how did i end up doing one after not one but two didn't need me today?? too many people know me   smile 
i intend to live long enough to read a thorough literary biography of <propfemale> erdrich 
"i need to go to a pagan festival  it has been several years  i always find it so healing  a camping one, not a day trip  but i need it to be a dog-friendly one as i am not kenneling the dogs just to go on vacation  i wouldn't enjoy it without them anyway "
"this time of year    i'm outside for five minutes tops, just to let the dogs pee, and so many bugs bit me or tried to bite me or got caught in my hair, etc  etc  that i think they ate bits of me i needed  now i feel all gross and need to take a shower and"
home and to bed after multiple delayed transports  altogether i think i spent nearly four hours dozing in parking lots today  but everyone else seems to have had a far worse week than i!
"10 little, 10 little, 10 little kittens    and 6 large ones    and 3 mother cats to get spayed  i think i got carried away this kitten season "
"my current list of books i have read to death (all the pages falling out) and must replace: <propfirst>, the <propfemale> is a harsh mistress, incubus dreams, and sun sign <propfemale> sign  most recently replaced: brother to dragons, companion to owls and sunshine "
"it must be the age i am  i am obsessed with nesting  i have never cared about rugs, curtains and picture frames so much before!!"
reading dies the fire again    mind is blown each time
can vienna not puke on our bed today? her score is two days running  > sad 
"i have red zinger and mint magic in the house at the moment  i feel wealthy  now if i just had morning thunder and detox am as well, i'd be scrooge mcduck  yay for celestial seasonings!"
got my astrological chart back out last night and studied it for the first time in years  boy am i strange 
loss is necessary in order that something new may emerge
"peregrines in the park a block away this am  i love living in the historic downtown where the huge old trees, large yards, green areas and natural creeks create enough space for wildlife  just say no to <propfemale> lots and suburbia!"
"i think i will just start putting it out there that i am willing to do readings for small amounts of money  i'd usually do them anyway for anyone that wanted, but it seems that people feel an inequity when i am an oracle for them and they don't know what "
the one thing i don't like about pit bulls: they have sensitive stomachs and are prone to diarrhea  > sad 
driving long distance doggie transport thursday the 6th - may be able to take more dogs than i have already committed to  <propmale> to hartford ct!
hope everyone had a good lammas!
"driving to new england tomorrow with my dog <propfirst> and a carload of transport pups (2 small adults and 7 unrelated puppies)  thanks to everybody who helped it happen, you know who you are!"
"home and happy! trip was awesome, etinmoot was awesome, <propfe<propfemale>le> was awesome, and salem <propfemale> is also awesome!!!!"
i think the <propmale> kitties eated the tube of terramycin 
food water shelter and to sleep up against the warm body of someone who loves you - all a kittycat asks for
"giving up sugar and high fructose corn syrup, maybe forever but definitely for longer than a year  should i give up coffee as well? it makes me sad that my tolerance is so high it takes several shots of espresso or better yet, turkish, to have any effect on my mood"
read breaking <propfemale> last night  754 pages in about 4 5 hours  wow 
"everyone i meet who wants to be nice about my pit bulls says \it's how they're raised\""  this annoys me  they are shelter dogs  i did not raise them  they are intrinsically good and the raised comment denigrates them """
another kitten adopted! yayuh! 15 down and 7 more to go is the score for the year  plus 3 mom cats   laugh 
"ppd was awesome!!!! gots a new wand, and info to contact people who can make me other things i want, like northumbrian runes!"
"a new scientific discovery: when a dog eats a cat poopie and throws it up on linoleum and you don't find it for a few days, it turns into a substance with many of the properties of superglue "
raise one wing if you are on a mission from the god of ravens
"if anyone can take any of these animals, let me know  been there before and they're each about 2 hours from me  i'll go get them and bring them to someone  this goes for any other animals at these shelters as well, as long as their temperament is good when i get down there  these are from robeson & bladen county animal shelters  i will also go to harnett & duplin "
i finally haz many new pairs of jeans! i don't have to wear old business slacks to walk the dogs!
a neutered sweet orange & white male <propfemale> who likes big dogs has shown up in a friend's neighborhood and all her rescue connections have failed her - anyone able to take him??????
"#1 in nc in the animal rescue site competition is blind cat rescue and sanctuary, inc ! if they stay at #1 in the state they will win $1,000, so vote every day!"
there are a million little kittens in duplin county shelter 1 hour from <propmale>  i can't take any because i still have some mamas and teenagers to place  but if anybody wants little bitty ones i'll go get them!!! duplin pull fee is only $15!
look at my beautiful <propmale> cats! all need homes very much as we are super-overcrowded here!
"another one for the heloise-ish book i could write on rescue: the ability to see a faint tracery of egyptian hieroglyph, apparently made on the linoleum with paste, and know instantly that a cat puked and a dog ate it "
"thanks everybody for your birthday wishes! it has not been a bad b-day, i spent it with my mommy, how bad can that be when she is so sweet?  smile "
after 3 weeks break (longest in a year) i am back to transporting as of halloween  i have 2 new tires and i am excited to be back!!!
new profile pic is one of my fosters - low-key dilute calico siamese mix who will put up with anything for treaties - may be senior
"new profile pic of <propfemale>, my favorite <propmale> cat - she has a liking for back-of-the-neck nuzzling that i've never known a cat to have"
"don't get the chicken florentine crepes at ihop  happy hollandaise, not!!!"
"peaches & cream ltd <propmale> blistex smells exactly like a toy i had, not sure which one but the scent is distinct in my memory  possibly parfait the parrot from the strawberry shortcake universe "
"this profile pic is another <propmale> <propfemale>, young peppermint paddy, also known as marsh mellow  mint or marshy is a very laid back, easygoing boy, low maintenance and very very ridiculously good-looking "
"new profile pic is saltine, daughter of dust <propfemale>, sister of nutmeg and my peppermint marshmallow  all three children show some signs of siamese mixing, and all three are a <propmale> shy  must not be adopted alone or to home with crazy small children  salt may also have some visual impairment, she falls off the furniture a lot "
"profile pic is nutmeg, sis of saltine and peppermint, daughter of dust <propfemale>  she is very unusual, a calitabby with siamese face shape etc  from mom  very sweet and friendly but also shy of grabbiness or loud noises  no small children in the home preferred "
"i worship the bristly protrusion of earth and the little rainbow suns, proof that the green magic of life will return from the dark and cold elsewhere "
only two male <propmale> kittens left have now been snipped! yay for not contributing to cat overpopulation!
"on my neko case cd, i think my favorite songs are 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12 and 14 "
we have always lived in the castle - i  love  merricat!
my new word for the day: talibangelist
luvvin my new babylonian tarot
nc is better with a frosting of snow
i think this is whatcha call the dead of winter 
just say no to boring pet names  i can't stand the way everyone picks the same ones!
"new profile pic is <propfemale>, abuse survivor mommy cat who has never been less than super sweet to me - prefer a quiet home for her without rowdy children as she would be frightened of their play"
"i recommend having a cold, drinking a lot of blue cough syrup and then watching the hangover and then fear & loathing in las vegas"
after a long long time of avoidance i finally bought a yankee candle again    can appreciate them once more despite the terrible situation i was in when i quit - was it 3 years ago?
my exit from southern ladylikeness is complete - i in public unbuttoned my jeans and rolled them down a couple of inches and stayed like that for a hour till my tattoo was complete (lower back)!
"next time i get a tattoo i will know what i'm getting into  everyone is so cool about it, telling you what they spent and how long it took  they don't admit how bad it hurt and how they had a nasty scab afterward for a week!"
"the status on the very thin robeson pit in my profile pic is that he is not available until exactly 12:18 pm tomorrow, according to the shelter manager  also there are apparently many people interested in this dog, and first arrival gets him  it sounds like he is unlikely to be put down, but as the manager said \who the hell knows?\"""""
"i shall never grow so mature that pumpkin-colored socks can't brighten my day - or in worse circumstances, the pink ones with red cherries on them "
"if anyone sees my brain, please leash it and bring it back to me "
"1st hot day in nc, flowers flowering, bumblebees going wild    and my allergies are blooming as well  > sad "
"it is not just that animals are people too, it is that the animals i know all rank among my favorite people  smile "
"my bff is now a free woman, after six months of wrangling with her bio fam and the courts they can't touch her disability money and they failed to prove her incompetent!"
housewifery note: spit your mouthwash into the toilet and swash with brush - works as well as any detergent   laugh 
is not enjoying the lead-up to full moon beltinne - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
i swear by the gods by whom my people swear - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
"a venti soymilk cures cramps pms, i'm not kidding  i don't care if you like it, sit down and drink the entire thing as fast as you can, and it will fix your issue"
"nearly two months of not transporting, and sure enough i've gotten two <propmale> cats completely vetted and spayed  it made me sad to stop, but if i can refrain the rest of this year, i can get all the <propmale>s up to date and possible to list online somewhere"
"i must be old, i'm getting more out of reading biographies than about anything else  anybody on goodreads?"
"well, i'm glad we didn't run out to target this am for anything as we often do   sad "
"<propfemale> new profile pic reflects my missing transporting  these were the notorious great pyrenees mixes listed on the sheet as \pekingese mixes\"" yay for word of mouth """
this is a bad photo of me but it has both dogs in it! taken on a friend's phone while i was trying to get them to pose   smile 
spca of wake county reduced all adoption fees to $43 for the weekend of june 12-13!
squirrels make my dog <propfirst>
"is dreaming of 3 4 of a century ago  how extremely recent, for me to be interested! - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com"
new part time job - animal care giver at a no-kill rescue facility!!!
"is sore all over from the aftermath of midsummer lunar eclipse, sadly not for the reasons you think! - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com"
i absolutely hate amazon com right now  they are totally wiping out everyone's carts with no notice or notification!!! > sad 
"is praying, spelling, divining and manifesting - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com"
is setting up my new altar shrine!!! - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
is gathering birchbark &amp; watching toads - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
i know when i get lost take a wrong turn somewhere because crows start laughing at me 
i just heard of animals in need due to death of owner - 1 female mostly outdoor blue-eyed siamese cat and 1 eight-year-old indoor female boxer pitbull are going to need homes asap!
"2 dogs and a cat orphaned and homeless after the death of the owner! a boxer pit, a cocker spaniel, and a siamese snowshoe, all female, friendly, well-behaved, not spayed "
"jinxie the snowshoe is going into rescue today!! <propfemale> the boxer pit and <propfemale> the cocker still need placement, please look at photo album on my wall here   smile "
"jinxie the snowshoe and one mysteriously appearing kitten went into rescue today, the remaining two kittens are now at my house  let me know if anybody would like two solid black adorable five week olds!"
"new photos of the <propfemale> kittens!!! need home or rescue asap! completely healthy 5 week olds, 1 boy 1 girl"
i have just been told that <propfemale> and <propfemale> have been adopted by friends of their former owner's relatives!! safe and sound 
"is thanking the gods for all their help, and asking for more! - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com"
"so today i went to work and there was a slightly used, exceptionally friendly pit bull that had been put over the fence in the night  by a guy who tried to dump her the day before and left his complete contact information  does this make sense? great dog, dumb human "
is visiting patches of mushrooms and trying not to get anthill in her flipflops  - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
the black kittens went home to their adoptive mama today!!!
just went to wake county to hug dogs - very cute small female pit there!  love  rosebud  love 
now i know what it's like when a transport goes wrongggggg
kitten season in the south is over half the year - gorgeous <propfemale> kitties in many local shelters!
"if you get something (even from me) about a dislike button, delete it - it's a scam"
is e playful eriencing etheric hurricane effects - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
is not sure if she has recovered yet from the onslaught of harvest full moon equinox combined - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
note to anyone who only wants one cat: never adopt a kitten  always go to a rescue and ask for a cat that does not like other cats much  please!!!
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes!
is happy to have made the time to honor the old ones  - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
is happy to have done her democratic duty
is about to pack up all the fall decorations and get out the winter ones! i luvs my 2 fave seasons  - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
is planning a ritual for epiphany - which is also originally a pagan holiday! - on http annoyed  pagan i2we com
"new profile pic is jb, a healthy normal neutered male cat born 4 28 09 - he needs a home of his own! likes other cats and dogs and purrs really loud for petting - does not like being grabbed or squeezed so children should be gentle"
