fa3443e0e9c900f6bd59c24d365c4275
had an amazing time last night   can't wait to see what 2010 has in store!!!
bc my girl likes osu   woohoo they won the <propfemale> bowl   go bucks!
omg the ignitor to the heater is out!!! what the hell?!! its already 59 in here!!!
working on getting this set up and then heading to work! woohoo
sick of working with bitches that don't have any work ethics!!!
gotta start to get ready for work   but damn these apps are addicting!!!
ok i have got to go get a shower   they should make waterproof laptops!
aight i have pulled myself out of the grips of my computer and into the grip of my cell   help  smile 
today should be interesting   we have a staff meeting and i have a lot i wanna say to the lazy bitches i work with   
"at home   don't want to deal with the rest of this  week   hope everyone has a good thanksgiving   i get to spend it at work, away from everyone i love   thanks rem!"
getting ready to head to bed   got the kids tonite   ice age <propfemale> of the <propmale>'s is so damn cute!!! work 7-3 fun fun! nite everyone!!!
just got home from work   i could really use a nap!
just woke up and can't go back to sleep    grrrrrr
relaxing before i have to go to work   one day closer to my friday!!!
getting ready to head to work   3-11  woohoo
heading to work   got more wrapping done! waiting on more presents from ebay!!!
getting ready to head to work   damn it's so cold out!!! can't to be on all afternoons!!!
getting ready to head to work
ready for my two days off!!!
over work already and i'm not even there yet! gotta love getting phone calls at the ass crack of <propfemale> about work! fuck i don't take my life to work   why the hell does it have to follow me home?!!
damn   i think i am getting sick  sad (((((   keep <propfemale> and her family in your prayers today!
getting ready for work   man i am so not looking forward to this 16 hour shift   but atleast i get christmas <propfemale> and christmas day off   
<propfemale> x-mas <propfemale> facebook! i am off to start the x-mas spirit   if i don't make it on her tomorrow   <propfemale>ryone have a safe and amazing christmas! can't wait to see my peeps in wheeling on saturday!!!
christmas was amazing! we got a 32' lcd flat screen tv!!! and then nate and @<propmale> came home with me and went out to wooddstarr! had an awesome nite! now to get back to work mode sad ((
fuck fasfa!!!!
fuck fafsa!!!
omg i am now a college student again! this time i am so ready to get it done right!
i hate being sick! i better feel a little better by new years <propfemale>!
heading over to <propfemale>'s house to spend the nite   its below 50 in the house lol
many i am so sick of this snow   and the little girls i work with that are scared to drive in it   makes me almost miss working at att   lol   i said almost   going in to work 3 hrs so we can get some dayhab in   
home for the rest of the day   don't have to be back to work until 3 tomorrow! and the best news of the day is i got registered for my classes   i start monday!!!
getting ready for work   woohoo its my friday!!!
getting ready to go to doctors to find out what is wrong with me   maybe today will be the day they can give me something to stop this pain!!!
relaxin before i have to go to work   today is my friday!!!
woke up to breakfast being made! i love  you so much!!!
please pray for <propfirst> and her family   we have just learned that her uncle has a mass on his lung   he's going in for a biopsy tomorrow morning!
thank you everyone who has been praying for tracy   we will find out the results of the biopsy on wed  please keep her and her family in your prayers
is wondering why you fall asleep and cannot stay awake on the couch  but when you decide to call it quits and head to bed  bing! wide awake!
"what a great weekend!!! made throough without needing bail money or having any of those messy \hide the body\"" episodes   """
wishes someone would invent a common-sense injection   i think more than a few people could use one!!!
it's going to be a great day   made it out of the shower without drowning!!!
is starting support group meetings  at my house for people with ocd  gloves and cleaning fluids will be handed out at the door  smile 
this music video is the shit!!! i love gaga!!! http annoyed  www logoonline com ?popthis=popvideo(492274)
thank you all for the birthday wishes   but please keep <propfirst> and her family in your prayers  the lose of her aunt and uncle has been devistating to the family 
"how many of you really know all of the people on your friend list? here's a task for you  i want all of the people on my list to post below how they met me  after you have completed this, repost this in your status box  you will be amazed at how interesting this can really be "
working on <propfirst> <propmale>'s  bachelorette party plans and then heading to work!
home from work early bc i had to back out of my overtime  sad ( so im going to get this house cleaned so i'll be able to relax this weekend!
is having one of those days where i just want to light somebodys face on fire and try putting it out with a fork!!
woohoo today is my friday!!! so need a break from all the bullshit   its bad when you have more drama at work then you do in your personal life!!!
finally over the work week   getting laundry put together then getting a shower and going to bed   gotta get up early and go shopping
finishing up laundry   then going home to take a nap before i have to pick <propfirst> handschumaker from work
be thankful for the stumbles   they prevent falls!
watching the bridges of <propfemale> county with my love
relaxing before i have to go to work   not feeling too hot today
when i first met you i was afraid to kiss you  when i kissed you i was afraid to love you  when i first loved you i was afraid to lose you  i love you   love  8 months!!! can you believe it?!
just made it to wheeling   making a surprise visit to see <propfemale>!!!
going to work   but today is a good day   payday!!! oh wait there are bills to pay   nevermind
omg i love just dance!!! woohoo i got the best workout today!
30 mins left then i get to go home and do another round of just dance!!!
sick of having pulled muscles in my chest!!! how the hell are they supposed to feel any better when i have to breath?!?!
getting ready for another day of work   
so f'n excited   if everything goes right i have sunday and monday off!!!!
home from work   kitchen cleaned   cupcakes baked   good nite!
lmao   you know you are a light-weight when you take a xanax to help you fall asleep and you wake up eating a candle thinking its ice cream!!!
watchin boys don't cry and then heading to woodstarr   hopefully i get drunk and have a good time   wish <propfirst> was coming!!!
"i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of <propfemale> and to the republic for which it stands one nation under god, indivisible, with <propfemale> and justice for all  now   let's see how many <propfemale>ns will repost this out of respect for our country   and our veterans on this memorial day weekend "
getting ready to head to wheeling!!! can't wait to see everyone!!! and of course get my drunk on!!!
had a great time last nite at cathy's   it was so great to see everyone and some of the old group from at&t 
nite   gotta get up early and take <propfemale> to the vet to get fixed!!! so f'in excited!!!!!
on my way to wheeling   i hate packing!!!
getting ready to head to work   reminder to all the girls i left pure romance open for the next 4 days so get ahold of me so i can place your order! oh yeah!!!! i am going to be a consultant!!!! can't wait to get started!!!
at work 1 hour left   so tired ready to go home and go to bed
"so where are all the \save the gulf\"" concerts?? where are the tv \",fa3443e0e9c900f6bd59c24d365c4275,ready for bed   need to do dishes but they can wait til tomorrow   goodnite fb
layin in bed waitin for <propfirst> to get home from work so we can snuggle and go to bed
omg i just had some kid walk up into my house and tell me someone lived here and it was ok because he was friends with them   wtf?!
2 1 2 til my weekend   come on i can almost taste ya!!!
just talked to the neighbors and they said the guy that busted through my door wasn't someone they reconized   i think i will be calling the cops in the morning
i forgot how quick it was to do laundry at the laundry mat   4 loads in a little over an hour   now on to cleaning the house!!!
at work   tryin not to lose my head!
i think my sister and future brother-in-law have learned some important lessons these past few weekends lol
had a fun time at woodstarr with <propmale> and colin   now its time for bed   i'm beat!
three more days and my little sister is getting married   damn do i feel old as hell!
laundry then heading to wheeling!!!
omg today is the day my little sister gets married!!! <propfirst> and jer i love you both so much and i know today is going to be amazing!!!!
congrats <propfirst> and jerimiah!!! your wedding was beautiful and i hope you guys are having a great time in mexico
home from working   gotta get some sleep   staff meeting in the morning then i have to go to <propfemale> and pick up a birthday cake and then work 3-11 woohoo   nite everyone!
"getting ready and then heading to lunch with mom, gram, and <propfirst> handschumaker  then gotta get laundry and house work done!"
heading to <propfirst>'s family reunion and then work 3-11   man is it going to be a long day!!!
"has been looking forward to this all day, snuggling up to something warm and cozy and not letting you go til the morning! i love you!"
omg! went outside for a cigarette and had a childhood flaskback!!! its almost spotlight time lol
why do people say they want to sleep like a baby when babies never sleep thru the night? i wanna sleep like an old man in a southern baptist church on sunday!
so the power is out in the small town of st marys   wtf its <propfemale> and not a cloud in the sky!!!
"trying to get motivated   gotta go get <propfemale> her meds, do laundry, clean out the car and straighten up the house   just the way i wanted to spend my day off     "
getting ready and then heading to wheeling for the day to go swimming   and then making it home in time for the newport fireworks!!!
made it home   tracy and i got a lot of sun   lol   her thighs look like lobsters   now waiting on the fireworks
i hope everyone and a fun and safe 4th! getting ready to head to bed so over today and all the bs that was in it   going to wake up tomorrow and start a new day
nite everyone   *~*kisses and hugs*~*
only 11 hrs left lol hope they go by as fast as this morning did!!!
come on 11   over having to deal with other people bad work ethics!
getting ready for another day of work   maybe this time it will be better than the last
today is a new day
who knew chocolate covered strawberries and a good friend to talk to could make everything seem worth while!!! thank you!
getting ready to head to bed soon   getting up early tomorrow so i can spend the day in wheeling with family and some close friends
can't sleep   not looking forward to this week   please let it go by quick
after i very long night i have refused to let people and their selfish ways tear me down  i do care 100% about the lives i hold in my hands and i will not let you tell me different  if this offends you or you think you know what i am talking about then you have guessed right! i will not walk away and i will overcome the petty bull of this situation!!!
getting ready for work   i hope everyone has an amazing day because you all deserve it  smile 
woohoo only 2 more days then off for 2! heading to work   3-11
woohoo today in my friday   6 hrs left!!!
woohoo i beat the trojan all by myself!!!
hangin at <propfemale> handschumaker-bland and then heading home and cleaning   did i forget to say we are in a heat advisory down here!!!
yet another night of mind racing   just praying for an hour without f'd up dreams
vid 00000-20100619-1157 3gp
so i am supposed to do laundry today   but laying around the house and waking up tomorrow morning and doing laundry sounds so much better!!!
"wish heaven had a phone so that i could hear your voice again  i thought of\you today, yesterday & days before that too, but that is nothing new \i think of you in silence, i often speak of you, hoping that you can\hear me when i call your name  all i have are memories & some pictures in a frame  post this if you have someone in heaven \that you miss "
at <propfemale> handschumaker-bland fixing her at&t <propmale> and then heading home to clean   woohoo lol
it has been an amazing and crazy year! and <propfemale> not a day has gone by that i haven't thought about you  you are always on my mind and forever in my heart! i love you and miss you so much!  love 
the lesbian festival was amazing!!! i can't wait to go back next year! oh yeah and i am now engaged! nothing could have made the weekend better   well except for the cold   thanks to work   
still sick   going to spend my last day off in bed!!!
so ready for this sickness to go away!!!
woohoo   made it through my short work week   now time to relax and get over this cold   heading to wheeling on saturday for our tattoos   so excited!!!
at <propmale>'s waitin for <propfirst> to get done with her tattoo so i can get mine!!! so ready to feel the pulse of ink in my viens!
30 mins left then time to go home and wait for <propfirst> to get home   she's working til 1 =[[[
shower then work   11 please come fast!!!
omg   got stuck pulling a double   2 more hours! my eyes are so f'n heavy right now!!!
nite everyone   gotta get up in the morning and do laundry then get my ring sized   and then make it home in time for the football game  woohoo! lol
just got done watching <propfemale> free   amazing movie! but be prepared to cry the whole way through!
bored on a midnight shift   text or call to help me stay awake!!!
"<propfirst> lohan, 24, is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict  while <propfirst> <propfirst>, 23, <propfirst> linley, 29, <propfirst> weikert, 29, justus bartett, 27, <propmale> <propfirst>, 21, <propmale> <propmale>, 21, <propfirst> <propmale>, 26, <propfirst>johnson, 21, <propmale> fisher, 24, <propfirst> <propmale>, 23, <propfirst> goeke, 23, and <propmale> tate, 27 are all marines that    gave their lives this week, no media mention  honor them by reposting!"
at work til 7a and then coming back and working 3-11 the off for 3 days!!! can't wait!
15mins left   then going home and sleepinf for a few and then coming back in at 3 
please pray for the family's of the boys who have commited suicide because in the year 2010 people are still cruel and closed minded  we are here and we are queer!!! and that will not go away or change!
tonight at 8pm est a national moment of silence will be held for the bullying victims  please participate   these families need our support  we must come together as a community in this time of crisis and show how strong we all are!!!
i am asking all of my homosexual and heterosexual friends to stand up and say no to bullying  we have lost so many lifes already  five recently   but many in the past from it as well  we need to stop the hate before it consumes us all 
i like it on the coffee table
"is a lesbian and national coming out day is tomorrow  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=89879&rsource=stream "
"is a lesbian and today is national coming out day  i'm coming out for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of lgbt youth e playful erience harassment in school, and too many lives have been lost  donate your status and join me by clicking here:  http annoyed  apps facebook com humanrightscampaign ncod10_status php?rid=89879&rsource=stream "
laundry then spending the day with my family at my sisters place! can't wait to see everyone! i've missed them so much!!!
"me: oh look a leaf bug!\cayla: no   its a kay-diddy \me: what's a kay-diddy\cayla: a leaf bug                "
headin to a halloween party   ready to get my drink on!!!
happy halloween!!!
missing my brother from another mother   something fierce right now!
at work    4 1 2 hrs left   but today is my friday!!!
so pissed right now!!! we aren't suppsed to be allowed to work 16 hr shift   but i guess when it's convenant for them they try   i say screw them   so f'n over rem
today is verterans day! nate i love you! come home safe and soon!!!
having one of those days   retreating to my bed
heading to bed   staff meeting in the morning and then work 3-11   but on the bright side   its payday!!!
awake   if this meeting goes like the others i'm going to flip s***   its too early to listen to negativity!!!
just got home from work   going to relax and wait for my baby to come home   she's working til 1  sad 
st got off skype with my brother from another mother   it was so good to hear his voice and see him and know he's safe   he can't come home soon enough!!!
sick as hell   making plenty of donations to the porcelian gods!!!
watching the wheeling christmas parade   getting kinda home sick
"on\sunday, december 5th, grand central mall is opening from 8 am-10 am\only for parents of children with autism or aspergers to come see\<propfemale>  the lights will be dimmed and there will not be any music\playing  they are referring to it as sensitive <propfemale>  please help get\         the word out  this is an amazing thing they are doing and i would love to\see a good turn out so that they continue!"
getting ready and then running to parkersburg to go shopping and then laundry   and later tonight we have <propfirst>'s nieces basketball game
heading to bed   hope to have another amazing dream   forever in my heart!
heading to work   3 more days   then spending the weekend in wheeling with my family and <propfirst> 
happy thanksgiving everyone!!! hope everyone has a safe and fun day   i'll be having my thanksgiving on friday with the family   can't wait to see everyone   i miss you all so much
getting ready and the heading to work 3-11   it was sooo nice to see all of my family! i love and miss you guys already!
at work by myself    long night!!!
call mrs  flintstone   i can make your bed rock
getting ready and then heading to work   i hope tonite goes by quick   i have so much to do when i get home!!!
26 days til christmas   and 8 months til the beach   so ready for a damn vacation it's not even funny!!!
2 seconds from punching someone in the face   and it lookes like my trailer park trash neighbors are high up on that list! can't wait to get out of st  <propfirst>'s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lmfao   2 years later and i found out who the hater was   you are ridiculous!
"love being out of wheeling   miss my family and a few people i can call friends   so glad to be out of the \wheeling feeling\"" bullshit   nite fb"""
getting ready and then doing some christmas shopping and going to lunch with tracy   feeling a little lost since i was home by myself last night   i love you tracy   see you in a few
did some christmas shopping today   i vow to all of you i will not go to wal-mart until after christmas!!! wal-mart shoppers are so rude!!!
"busy morning   got <propmale> sumpter package sent, laundry done   now to start packing   "
please?put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ?or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer  ? my ? prayer ? is ? that ? we ? will ? cure ? all ? cancers ? in ? 2011  ? will ? you ? post?it ? for ? just ? one ? hour? ? do it for all of us
watchin trutv   can't sleep   too much on my mind
omg the rodes are horrible!!!!! i hate my car!!! i want my ford back   and i never thought i would say that!
getting ready to head to work   the roads look better today lol
the # game!!** send me a # (1-500) to my inbox and i'll tell u what i really think of u with out any1 knowing who im talking about on my status 
#263 you were a huge part of my childhood   always looking after all of us and making sure we got along   even when kids came after us with a hatchet   lol   tell me you remember that
lol #499   i haven't seen you forever and that makes me sad   you are always the life of the party   i miss the days when i got to see you all the time and listen to you sing
#179 i miss you   we need to get together soon! you always kept a smile on my face!!!
made it to morgantown last nite   will be here a few days for work   please keep my client on your prayers   she built up a toxic in her body from meds
so it's sounding like i'm going to be here for a few more days   thanks everyone for the prayer please keep them coming for her   hope to get some clothes tomorrow so i don't have to keep washing mine in the sink lol
might be coming home tomorrow!!!!! please pray!
on our way home      thank you everyone for the prayers!!!
home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"getting ready to watch the \moon shine\""  smile """
omg so sick   but gotta go to work   let it go as smooth as possible!
"right now there is a correctional officer at work in a world full of psychos, sickos and sociopaths  they are often outnumbered 200-1  they are often assaulted, humiliated and are e playful osed to disease  they endure this all to keep the bad guys behind bars and off our streets     lets not forget co's  if you are a co, were a co, know a co or love a co please repost"
heading to work   dear tylenol please work your magic today   thanks
omg   still sick   so over it   now i have a killer headache with it   should be an extra long day at work
well i'm going to try and get to work   woohoo   and i have stops i have to make before i get there   thanks work
so <propfemale> (my cat) is having seizure after seizure   she's at the vet   they gave her valium and are trying to get her back under control   packing and trying not to think about it
well <propfemale> has had 2 seizures since shes been at the vet   they are saying they don't know much yet but are going to keep her over night to monitor and try and get her to come out of them   please pray
and the moving process begins!!!
40 mins left on my 16 and then i get to go home and turn around and come back at 3   i love my job   i love my job   i love my job   damn still hard to believe   but i will love the paycheck!!!
hope everyone had a great christmas!!! not ready to go back to work   but had a great break from there and going in fresh tomorrow! so glad i was able to see family and friends!!!
2nd double in a row   enjoying the overtime   but damn this girl is tired!!! going home to get some sleep so i can get my drink on tonite! i see a <propfemale> shining in my future!!!
happy new year everyone!!! be safe and have fun!!!
at work sick as hell!!! ready to go home!
it's not the fall that kills you   it's the sudden stop
1   2   3   4   5   f*** it   counting stopped working a long time ago! i need a vacation!!!!!!!!!!
heading to bed soon   getting up early to see what road i'm going to take   night fb!
remember in the end everything will be ok   and if it's not then it's not the end
blah   can't sleep!!!
so ready to go home   4 hrs and 45 mins left   come on 11!!!
bgc @ 9    woohoo!!!
go figure   stuck at work til 7a   
waiting on <propfirst> to come out for lunch   brought chinese for dinner for her since rem gave me the night off  smile )))))
the last idol tonight brought tears to my eyes and his story made me cry like a baby!
"gave <propfemale> a bath   i'm soaked   she's soaked   and she has learned to give the \evil eye\""   my mission is complete!!!"""
done at 11 then walmarting it up with my love!
"i have curves, so i'm fat  if i wear makeup, i'm fake  if i like to get dressed up, i'm a hoochie  if i say what i think, i'm a bitch  if i cry sometimes, i'm a drama <propfemale>  if i have guy friends, i'm a slut  if i stand up for myself, i'm mouthy  seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled   so what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit  repost this if you're proud of who you are!!!"
getting ready then picking <propfirst> handschumaker up and going out for a little bit with some friends!!!
2 1 2 hours in a salon   new cut and color   what more could a girl want?!?!
sugar dazzle hooter
"had an amazing weekend with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfemale>, and <propfirst>!!! i can't wait to do it again!!! i love pj!!!!!!"
oh my   at work   6 1 2 hours left   i think i can   i think i can   i think i can
bgc!!!!!!!
over today! ready for bed   need these thoughts to leave me alone!!!!!!!!!
soooooooooooooooo ready to go home   5 hours and 15 mins left             please go by fast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my prayers are with the people of japan   they just went through a 8 9 earthquake and now our west coast if facing a tsunami   
praying for my brother to make a safe trip to turkey   and prayin for my brother from another mother to make a safe trip home to the states!!!
had an amazing day! can't wait til tomorrow   i get to feel ink in my veins!!!
<propfirst> got her tattoo and headed to work   nowwatchin nate get his and then it's my turn       so ready for the ink!!!
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
watchin the osu game with <propfirst>  waiting for it to be over    then maybe we can watch a movie
today starts a new chapter in my life   i am going to miss everyone so much!!! but i know that this chapter needed to happen   itsdefinetly a bittersweet day!!!
at the doctors waiting to get my cat scan done   woohoo!!!
hour left   woohoo   secondday down   lovin this new chapter!
come on 15 mins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!j
wow   just looked at the clock and it's already 7!!! time flies when you have a job you love!!!
