886e5a708a84afe1a45610f66abb59be
yesterday was going along like any other day  then when i got home from practice i got the best surprise ever that made yesterday my best birhtday i ever had  my girlfriend drove 9 hours to surprise me and to visit me on my birthday  how greast is that 
yeah brockport is a nice area  i like when i go out to c&s the bartenders and people there still know me even though i havent been there in so long lol  im not sure if im just gonna commute to brockport a couple of nights and live in buffalo or get an apartment for grad school  got to see whats gonna happen with <propfirst> nowlan when he goes back to 
only thing to do this week is practice for my 2 wrestlers that made it to the state tournament  no school= no subbing
i have one wrestler i coached in the finals of the new york wrestling tournament  watching it online right now
its official i coached a state champion for wrestling   
is bored everyday with my only income is subing whenever they decide to call me  it sucks
can't sleep but has been then contless day of no sleep in the past couple of months  any thoughts to fix this?
had a great talk with an amazing girl thanks  smile 
"over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in ca, 14,000 in ny & 17,000 in il  nj & florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries  we need to get our priorities in order  athletes get paid millions, but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect! in honor of all teachers, copy & paste"
excited got a great letter in the mail  smile 
got my pistol permit now just waiting for it in the mail then i get to pick up my pistol  smile 
am i the only one that get pissed when someone tales you then passes you going 25 over when your already going 5 over the speed limit  i hope they get a ticket so i can drive by and laugh to myself
if only people can read your mind for when your joking or not  it would make things so much easier
sick to my stomach right now
i feel so much better  thanks for being there and talking it out with me <propfirst>
got my new toy last night  cant wait to play with it on memorial weekend with some friends  also got the summer job i wanted  great news all around  i'm excited for the summer
when will life swing in my favor  i hate waiting around for it
my phone is being gay so  a new one is being sent to me  sorry if i miss anyones text or calls  il get back to you
back in buffalo
me and <propfirst> will be heading down to wing fest <propmale>  see anyone else done there
already sick of school  just want an actual steady paid job instead of subbing bs maybe il become a security guard somewhere
another loss for the bills   but the played better with fitzpatrick
"o night class, please dont drag on tonight"
in brockport for last class of the week  possibly going to the cabin this weekend
and the bills officially worst team in the league  it prob wont change for the next 5 years lol
my snowboard is in the shop getting tuned waxed and sharpened  got my snowboard bag for free  cant wait for the snow
don't know why people start a conversation but don't finish it and get preoccupied and busy  if your gonna do something else why bother start talking to someone   
even though the distance is hard i still fall more in love with you everyday  smile 
only 2 finals left tues and wed  time to have some fun right now  buzzing my head and gonna do a mohawk for fun lol
food poisoning sucks    puking every half hour all day long and cant hold anything down
gonna check out the lunar eclipse tonight  should happen around 145
all banks suck and are there to screw over the customers  citizens bank is charging for account statement every month and charge you if you don't have enough transactions every month    wtf
the movie law abiding citizen is amazing
"<propfemale>?* ? • ? ? •??christmas? ?* ?*from my house to yours!!\° ? ° ?* _?_____† *?? ?* ?*? • ? ? •??\? ? •?•* ______ ~??? ? ?? ?* ?*? ?* ?*\? ? •?• ? ????? ?and a blessed & happy new year!!    to all my facebook family and friends  smile  and enjoy 2011"
"a teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television  in the minute it takes you to read this, teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not, investing their own money for your child's literacy, prosperity, and future  re-post if you are a teacher, love a teacher, or appreciate a teacher "
j-e-t-s!!
"aocdrndicg to rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
wing night
"kentucky just passed the best law ever  to be on food stamps, medicaid,or cash assistance on your children or yourself you have to pass a drug test  now every other state should do the same  if you agree re-post  people that work has to take a drug test so should they  amen    repost if you agree!!!!!  smile "
boarding was amazing  get some jumps and rails and carving up through the trees was the best
inbox only: inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me  it will stay between us  put this as your facebook status and see what you get!
who wants to go skiing or boarding <propmale>  it 2 $40 lift tickets for 9 till 4
correction the 2 $40 skiing and boarding is from 4 till 10
13 out of 125 figure it out lol
well out at the bars to have a good time with the friends that care
erll thanks so much to those people that have wished me the realistic favorites  its nice to know the people that say they are my friends but dont show it  so if you e playful ect something special    you will only get it for the right circumstances
had a great weekend  good times catching up with people 
tonight was the first night that i have ever seen someone try to turn a bar wall into a drive thru       lol holy crap but luckily no one was hurt
who is celebrating mardi gras?
"if you love me,(comment on this status)\if you think i'm a good friend, (like this status)\if you hate me, (message me & tell me why)\if you have ever had a crush on me,be honest (poke me)\if you are not scared, make this your status"
got my new computer  excited played with the webcam and skype lol 
just took the gre  it was a bitch  just like the sat but not calculator for the math section which sucked
