b9be23c8534be9154fde4609331a605b
missing girls camp  sad 
excited for the teen choice awards coming up
so excited to go to bear lake
at bear lake so stocked to go to the lake and find rocks!!!!!!! wow i sound like a little 5 year old
sunburned fronm bear lake and cant move   except my fingers
just got back from bear lake  i dont realize how much i like it until i get back home and just want to go back
teeth hurt from the orthodontist
"im kinda-semi excited for school now, just not the learning part"
its so hot outside
my friend <propfemale> is weird
is already ready for school to be over 
excied cause my mom said i could have a sleepover on the first of school  shes crazy 
"there is only 2 more days until school, i dont know if i should be excited or totally bummed cause the summer is over     sad "
so excited cause my mom was crazy enough to let me have a sleepover tonight before the 1st day of school!!!!!! woo-hoo!!!!!
had a great first day of school it was awesome!!!!!
excited that i onlt have to wake up at 6:20 tomorrow
"glad its the weekend, but i will be kinda excited to go back to school on monday"
is excited for school tomorrow for now apparent reason    
doesnt want to do geometry homework thats so easy it hurts my brain
is liking nineth grade more than any other grade
is excited for school tomorrow    thats because its picture day of course    
doesnt want to go to school tomorrow cause all of my b friday classes are boring
"my sister is having a sleepover tonight with like 4 friends, help me!!!"
doesnt want to do homework
is wet cause she just rode her bike home in the rain   
was excited for the 5 day weekend but is bored and has nothing to do    
had an awesome day at the canyon!!!!
has so much homework
is baking chocolate chip cookies!!!!
"got my braces tightened and i have the most annoying elastics, i can barely open my mouth"
just meet <propfirst> archuleta!!!!
"the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click  then press up then down & magic circles wil appear! the only way to stop it is to log off or reload the page   put this as your status if it worked for you     its crazy!!!"
is super super duper extraordinarily happy!!!!!!!!!!!!
is still super super happy!!!!
happy thanksgiving and don't forget to stuff your face 
"just got home from dancing at festival of trees, it was fun"
"there is only five days until i get my braces off, i cant wait!!!!!"
finally got my braces off!!!! im so happy but my teeth feel really slimy  smile 
is all alone and bored but after basketball practice i think we are going to do so much better for the next game  you guys that missed it should of been there 
"is so excited its christmas <propfemale>, but i just doesnt feel like it"
is kinda bummed out    sad 
i smelled my neighbor riding a motercycle cause thats how i roll
we may of lost our basketball game again but we played a heck of a lot better than last game  go mount <propfirst>!!!
"well we lost basketball again i made most of of points but i got fouled out, fun game  smile "
is it just me or is facebook being a little messed up
i just dont know anymore   
"i smell a smelly smell, a smelly smell that smells   smelly"
is sooooooo happy!! we played awesome today in basketball   we still lost but we made 20 points  that's the most we've ever gotten    best game ever!!!!!
don't pluck the chicken if it's feathers haven't grown yet   
"student-led conferences, what a joy"
got 100% on my test which means i am most likely superhero of the month!!!!
so   many   little girls    
did you know that today is old stuff day??
"just when you think things are coming your way, they decide to turn around and go somewhere else   "
"i thought the groundhog didn't see his shadow, shouldn't it be spring by now???"
birds vs pockets which is better???
birds are way better than pockets
has a b-!!! i do not like mrs hansen at all!!!
"my b- is now a b+, i still don't like mrs hansen at all"
"three day weekend, what to do what to do???"
"im so happy, i have all a's again  i went to the school to help mrs hansen, it was weird cause there was like no students there but all the teachers were there and they were acting not teacher like, then after i saw mr hawkley and wal-mart, its weird to think teachers have lives  its been an interesting day "
i'm glad it's spring break but it looks more like winter break to me
"i dont care if there's snow outside, this is spring break, i'm going to wear shorts and flip flops!!!"
"so bummed that there is school tomorrow, i was really enjoying the break   "
"is so happy, i checked the weather and its supposed to get a lot warmer this week like the high 50's and 60's and i checked a lot of sites so if they are all wrong i will be so mad!"
this weekend is going to feel so short from the long weekends we've been having  sad 
all i have to say it that i'm a teenager and what i do should be e playful ected
"i wonder if the word bored had never been made up could we ever be bored??? and who ever made up the word had to have been pretty bored to make up a word for being bored   so many questions, does anyone have answers???"
"is so glad it's getting warmer outside, its actually starting to look like spring  smile "
"i forgot to set my alarm last night, feels good to sleep in  smile "
loves the rain  smile 
"drove a car today for the first time, it was just in a parking lot but i did really good i think, i felt grown up  smile "
"how can people say life is short, it is the longest thing we will ever do"
i dont know where i'd be without peanut butter     smile 
what you see on the outside isn't necessarily what's on the inside 
"hey, earth, i thought you were going through global warming   so one question, why are you still cold?!?!?"
"i feel so dumb, who gets mixed up between powdered sugar and flour?  that would be me"
is so super duper happy  smile 
anybody else have care bears on the side of their screen?
went to lagoon and had a blast!!! except i got so sunburned   that's what i get for not wearing sunscreen 
school is over  way excited for summer!  also mr gordon has 93 pairs of shoes!
"what a wonderful morning, the sun is shining, the birds are chiriping, i think there's something i'm forgetting   oh yeah it's my birthday!!! and it's only 8:40 and it has been the best!"
i got my permint! i can drive legally now  smile 
toy story 3 is the most intense cartoon ever!
i wish life were a game because then i'd be winning  smile 
i'm way excited for youth conference  smile  just one more hour
youth conference was the best! had so much fun! minus the bad sunburn on my arms and back  haha i deserve it for not putting on sun screen  i guess i will just never learn my lesson
i got contacts and i feel nakie without my glasses on
girl's camp was amazingly awesome!  i am so glad to be in my own home though  smile 
finally going to lagoon tomorrow!!!! it's been forever!
nothings more fun than riding your bike on a monday in the rain listening to your ipod  smile 
lightning is the scariest thing in the world to me! good thing i am safe under my blanky  smile 
25 days    where did my time go???
"when i woke up and made my cereal, i opened the fridge and there was no milk!!!! that just totally screwed up my morning"
all i want is that cow!
"kordell-\i'm a good liar   i'm a 300 ft platypus \"" haha i love him"""
my schedule is so lame! i need to get it changed  i only got like 1 class i signed up for 
i got fishies! now i have to name them   mmm
"next time someone says, \can i ask you a question?\"" i'm just going to say no """
"my schedule annoyed 1-chemistry h-carr\2-spansih 3 h-bell\3-language arts 10-olsen\4-intremed algebra h-newbold\5-intro health science-blunck\6-lifetime fitness-babinski\7-european history ap-winward\8-child development 1-young"
high school was awesome  laugh  i hope tomorrow is the same
only my family can be this crazy for getting pulled over for drunk driving without alcohol!  laugh 
it's only 3:20 and i already really don't want to get up tomorrow morning!
"i am afraid to let someone ask me a question now  answer to this question \can i ask you a question?\"" the answer's no """
my fishy is dying  sad  but trying really hard not too  sad 
me and my sister don't use things for their purpose  laugh 
who needs to read a packet for european history   me! what a joy it'll bring me
"what i learned today- if you don't have a cough, cough drops make you cough  i guess they kind of work opposite in a way "
so excited! headed to bear lake and i'm driving  laugh  well not now obviously  no texting while driving  laugh 
"come on, i can do it  i just need to be brave  laugh "
why are the simple things so hard?
i dislike people who are hypocrites so much! just like seriously get a clue! it just pushes my buttons
i wanna talk to you  is it really so hard for you to see this  laugh 
when good things happen it makes everything bad seem like nothing  laugh 
i have a box  inside of it is either 5 billion dollars or a bomb   should it be opened   
what a day i've had  in gym my shorts got taken from my locker during gym (who steals shorts) and had to wear my spandex with short shorts at school   had a test i didn't study for  friends teasing me about something unknown   i'm just glad it's over  laugh 
i had no idea there were so many redhead jokes! they all say something about how redheads have a bad temper! which we all no is so not true   
today was an interesting day  everything seems to happen during 6th period   the rest of the day just seems boring   laugh 
"i try to make it obvious, but i think even if i scremed it in your face you wouldn't even know "
haha i can have my cake and eat it too  laugh 
i like it in my room  laugh 
i'm the bridge jumping friend your parents warned you about  laugh 
life if too short to wear boring socks  laugh 
"okay well   oh wait, i have family on here  laugh "
you can't get to the top sitting on your bottom  laugh 
last day of the long weekend  it's been pretty interesting    i've loved every minute of it though  laugh  and still a few more hours to love  laugh 
i had so much fun tonight!!! so glad i decided to go to the game! haha found out some interesting things   and met a lot of people!  laugh 
and you wouldn't want to go to a stinky <propfemale>     laugh 
i just got a friend request from someone named <propfirst> d  f  <propfemale> from rio pardo   now how would she know me???
"okay so a train leaves a station at 2 smile 2 traveling at 200 <propmale> per hour  how many pancakes are in my swimming pool?  purple, because aliens don't drink coffee  laugh  haha oh the crazy times with my cousin  laugh "
best time ever at nightmare on 13th! so scary! i bruised my knee way bad though     laugh 
the little things people say to me always make my day  laugh 
well   that was an une playful ected thing of you to do today   
"i don\t have any poptarts!!!  sad  now what will i eat for breakfast   """
well   that went different than planned   
what happens when you get scared half to death   twice?
last day with my baby  laugh  and a word of advice: don't bring a fake baby to church
gingerbread poptarts!  laugh 
i don't know what to do!!! i hate my brain  it thinks too much!
i got a new phone finally!!!  laugh  text me   i need <propfirst>!  laugh 
i need to get more sleep so i don't fall asleep during class!  laugh 
oh code names   how very handy you are  laugh 
i am going to spend $7 to go to my own school's play  it better be worth it!  laugh 
right now all i need is a rewind button   
happy thanksgiving!!!!!! i am thankful for everyone in my life!  laugh  i hope all of you enjoy stuffing you face tonight as i will be doing  laugh  hehe
everyone toots!!!!\\r crazygood
just got told my belly isn't chubby enough to be a belly dancer   i am disappointed now  sad  haha
"send me a number between 1 and 10,000 to my inbox and i'll tell you what i think of you   it's all anonymous  smile  repost as your status"
#9876  um! you're are my very first friend! i'll love you forever and ever! no matter what  laugh \\r
#123- you're hilarious and always smiling  laugh ! and a great neighbor!
#7-ah! i love you so much i have no words for it  laugh  you always make me laugh and are so amazing and gorgeous! i love you with all my heart  laugh 
#32- oh my goodness! you are way awesome and beautiful! you're so nice and i love you with all my heart!  laugh  let's <propfemale> out soon! kk
yay  laugh  16 days without school!  laugh  oh goodness what to do with my time  laugh  hope <propfemale>ryone enjoys the holidays  laugh  <propfemale> christmas <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale> <propfemale>  laugh  (i think)
that baby was playing with cabbage  laugh 
finally going to go buy christmas presents  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas!!!!! i love all of you and hope you enjoy this wonderful day  smile  ho ho ho  laugh 
the break is already half over! where did the time go??? let's make this a great last week then  laugh 
honestly it's just in a goldfish kind of way  smile 
my sister <propfemale> is awesome!
i now have a new appreciation for the sport of curling
i love all my friends and family  smile  just thought i'd let you know that  remember i love you  smile 
and that's why you never let your 12 year old daughter start the car 
you must do the thing you think you cannot do
ha ha ha ha
wonderful weather we're having isn't it? haha! gotta love lunch  laugh 
there are 3 kinds of people  those who can count and those who can't 
bfg said oh yeah! my day is made  laugh  haha
i love <propfemale>!
take my heart and please don't break it  love was made for me and you! haha that song has been stuck in my head all day!  laugh 
another three day weekend  laugh  it's as exciting as when the vending machine gives you two <propfemale> bars when you only got one haha  laugh 
"oh yeah, they've been pushed "
"when there is ice on your trampoline, i advise you not to jump on it   "
"now what do you think, do snickerdoodles taste like farts? cause they do "
"did you see that? yeah that over there  oh  oh you didn't, you missed it  it was right there, it was but you didn't see it cause you missed it  nevermind then   "
i seriously have not been this bored in forever  i think a person can actually die from boredom 
