6995dc422573d23210274c0dfb3b2dd5
"iraq's great, there's so much to do! surfing, hanging out with my wife, rock climbing, drinking, barbequing, fishing, whatever  oh wait, that's <propfemale>  this is gay "
fuck your stop signs!!!!
"hey its only 9 back in the states, party!!!!!"
"rydin deep hella high so nig repeat this take you glock off safety turn around and hit the street when i got the milli pictured in my head  aint no stoppin cuz the devil said im halfway dead what can i say, got them evil thought fillin up my head locc to the brain on that insane tip, ebk every day"
"boredom has reached its peak, im talking to ants and burning them with a lighter  one straight jacket please, extra zyprexa, but hold the xanax, i wanna remember this moment forever    dear iraq, fuck you  sincerely, me"
"how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop mr owl? yup, still going deeper into the rabbit hole of insanity  pour me a dink and take me to the beach damnit!"
"how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop mr owl? yup, still going deeper into the rabbit hole of insanity  pour me a drink and take me to the beach damnit! again, fuck you iraq, sincerely, me "
"how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop mr owl? yup, still going deeper into the rabbit hole of boredom an insanity  pour me a drink and take me to the beach damnit! again, fuck you iraq, sincerely, me "
"you can take a man outta the beach, but ill be damned if they can take st beach outta me!!"
"is gonna sink that state before its taken, and like any good captain, ride it straight to the effin bottom "
"leave\one memory that you and i had together  it doesn't matter if you knew\me a little or a lot, anything you remember! don't send a message,\leave a comment on here  next, re-post this in your feed and see how\many people leave a memory about you   "
rnr needs to hurry the fuck up 
"may i stay high above the clouds, with this crown upon my head, and never shall i let this beach slip into the sea    poontas"
is missin his wife
dont give a
is getting the eff outta iraq the 12th
"is rare, like mr clean with hair   "
"is rare, like mr clean with hair "
"is leaving the country    be safe all my friends picking up my slack right now, cuz its probably not that much haha florida bound!!"
"im not in iraq and im really happy  fuck the bacwards bullshit, real people arent two faced, but i love you mason,mcguire,etheridge,adrian gaudreu and all the others you know who you arw  fuck the rest, come off your high horses, jesus "
"heading back to the sand, gonna miss my wife and friends, but ill be with other friends, friends friends friends, everywhere i go  i truly am blessed, from <propmale> <propfirst> and <propfirst>, to <propmale> <propmale> and fuckin etheridge, i gotta say it feels good to have good people surrounding me wherever i am  it really does suck to leave my wife though, but shit 3 months, and im freakin home bound again!!!!"
"been waiting to hear from certain people, guess they're too busy   "
"12am here, 5pm in the states  been waiting all day for a message that hasnt come  on top of my list of things depressing, im pretty much over this deployment  get me back to my wife  wtf"
could be worse  at least we have a gym  guess ill just get jacked  anyone want to send me some 'roids?
kinda lonely out here recently   
i can feel the beat   
"im not askin for much, really i just want a night with my wife, and a night at red lobster  cmon army, lets get fucking going, americas calling!"
"because if florida takes us,\were taking everyone down with us"
"daily driggers horoscope annoyed today you might wake up already pissed off, then very rapidly increase that anger over the next hour for no reason at all  later you might have a <propmale> to work with some people of a different nationality, and you will end this encounter by you and your friends doing work for them because the people before mentioned are worthless and have no reason to be alive  mantra: murder!"
"only when you have no fear left of death, can you truly never die "
"we will never sleep, cuz sleep is for the weak, no we will never rest, till were all fucking dead"
chicks on facebook like it everywhere cuz they're sluts 
"when people are afraid to die, they get intimidated by anything that can kill them, but they still fucking die  death is a man, just like everyone else  so why not spit beer in his face, break the bottle for a shank, and tell that faggot to try it  if you don't die then, you can live untill he grows a pair    im living forever "
idrink
"after i get back to <propfemale>, i don't think i can ever be truly sober  is that wrong? drinks are on me you fucks "
"i can't help myself, i'm addicted to a life of material  its some kind of joke    "
"the tension is rising, you can feel it in the air someone's gonna snap, soon, and there's no fucking way to stop it  we need to get back to the states quick "
"i seen nights full of pain, days of the same  \you keep the sunshine, save me the rain "
i miss my beautiful wife <propfemale> driggers so damn much! i can't wait to get back and hold her every night of every day  love you baby 
"3 weeks and counting   homeward bound, i miss all you guys so much, glock,t$,lou,jesse,dan, and definatly my wife! ill see you all soon "
how will you be mourning the loss of loko??
i think im about done  just one more time   
my list of things to do when i get back just got longer  yet so much funner  is that a word? im using it  im using the shit out of it 
i have a dream! that i just stop giving a fuck and do what i need 
soon ill be on that giant swan on a one way home 
been waiting to hear back on something for a while now  taking a break and coming back in an hour or two  i could really use my beach and a four loko right about now 
what issues? i'm coming back to the united states of <propfemale> in under two weeks son!
"i cant help but laugh, at everything  i'm great, i think everyone else is just in a bad mood "
"scratch that, the air is uplifted, replacements for this piece are here already, another sign of going home  i'm going to go chainsmoke and mingle  soon ill be doing it drunk back in the states with some florida people  driggers-10  iraq-3"
"theres a demon inside o me can i kill it? hell nah!\can i kill it? hell nah!\can i kill it? hell nah!"
"what to do first? im thinking move stuff in, four loko, movie, close that night off with something a man misses most   then start on guns and tattoos  10 more days hopefully to start all this "
   
night of the 8th i touchdown in the states  see the rest of you cool cats after the 20th when i get a month of paid vacation    bitches
