bb7f251c165c12a3d44e767bf95c228c
"almost had her new years ruined when <propfirst> insisted that <propfirst> norton wasn't real, like <propfemale>, or the easter <propfemale> "
"wonders what the female equivalent of a bromance would be   \homance\"" is not an acceptable answer """
discovered last night that 50-something doesn't act any different than 20-something 
"is going to cook curry tonight   come on over friends, and have dinner with me!  followed by dollar margaritas   7ish!  you know you wanna!"
is making mixes for friends!
"is slightly addicted to fb quizzes, but also thinks that they are proof for the need of more literacy programs   "
" love  i love my dad ? he's probably the coolest guy around: taught me to laugh like i mean it, stick up for myself, honed my wit, and how to blow others away with spectacular body functions  what a man!"
"just tuned up my bike!  later, i will ride to the library, get a library card, and pick up a few books to start my summer reading!"
"is sooo divinely exhausted   beer, book, and pool time for me today!"
"burned some classic rock, packed her stuff, and has her trusty sidekick tarabella   time to hit the road!"
is watching a ridiculous movie with her mother      laugh 
my nephew is fricken' adorable!  he has the cutest laugh!!!
"sez:  bonfires, beers, birthdays, and drunkenly running through sprinklers at crazy hours of the morning makes for a good weekend "
is going back to work tomorrow     gotta live it up today!
"looks like she's auditioning for the white stripes, but in the cutest way possible "
"is smart enough to know better, but too romantic to care     carpe diem, right?"
can't believe she hasn't yet collapsed into an exhausted heap of <propfemale> in the corner of her bed 
is in love with ideas and conversations that dance like birds in flight 
almost done with day nine in a row at work     they aren't breaking me in very gently   haha 
"is suffering from a snuggle deficiency, but my sister is coming to visit, so that will make it better!  we can catch a matinee and nerd out over <propmale> potter and <propfemale> out at the pool and ride bikes!"
is having so much fun on her days off!  i love my sister!
"had amazing days off!  sis and kimsath came to visit, and we went to salem to see our grandpa and cousin, then to a bbq with an old friend and her family, then off to champagne thursday   today= thrift store and <propmale> potter!"
is certainly suffering from a snuggle deficiency 
never gets sunburned     until she gets cocky about it   owww   
"is counting down money, time, and working toward infinite possibilities "
is sad because she doesn't know how to juggle 
is going to live on optimism and dreams until payday   
just found out she will get a new miyazaki film for her birthday!  ponyo will be in theaters on the 14th!
is counting down to her birthday   all i want is to win the lottery   
"is a bit tired of the hospital, and has forgotten how huge her family is   "
"is followin' kaylena's ship an switch't t' pirate mode   arrrr!  {scroll all the way to the bottom, click on the \english\"" and you should be able to choose english (pirate)}"""
"is going to be incredibly childish and make a new rule:  after this year, no one i love is allowed to be sick for my birthday   ever "
is a quitter for two months now!
"is going to pretend to be an adult today:  laundry, bills, errands, and a visit to grandpa "
"it's my birthday saturday! but since i will be working, i would like to do something friday  let's make sushi, drink sake, and catch a late showing of ponyo! call me or message me!"
"is fussy about her music today   man man was too upbeat, <propfemale> <propfemale> white too melancholy, but <propmale> waits is juuuuussst right   "
"oregon holds so many of my ancestral roots, and so much of my love   i feel kin to the state   her motto is mine:  alis volat propriis, she flies with her own wings   "
come celebrate <propfemale>'s and my birthday tonight at <propfemale>'s house!  8-ish until we are all done (sunrise?)  bring yr own beer booze wine etc     call or message me for directions!
wants someone to air keytar with   
is going to go to iceland to knit and listen to epic music 
is weaving e playful ensive daydreams 
it's my friday!  i think i'm going to spend my days off trashing my apartment in a fit of adhd inspired arts and crafting 
tea + muttley + icelandic music + making stuff = heaven 
today is for adventure 
all the talk about banana bread     banana muffins for breakfast!
thinks august is a month-long party 
is mellow 
is forever winging it   
wonders how many emotions one person can hold 
is sad   but bought a bottle of gin and a bottle of vodka on her lunch so she can have a martini in each flavor after work 
"is drinking to emidio <propmale> desantis   goodbye grandpa, i'll miss you "
"is all poop, fart, and drinking jokes with dad and sister "
is rain   
is a knittin' kitten!
is more worried about her sketchbook than her car   
"hates listening to her inner 5-year-old, 16-year-old, and 27-year-old argue "
is preparing for a road trip!
is going to get dolled up and go out tonight with a handsome fellow!
"is going to play at the beach, and is e playful loring la   "
well fed and off to bed     home!  *sigh!*
"is listening to \eye of the tiger\"" like she means it """
is hoping it won't rain yet   
gathered pieces of autumn blooming in the sun today 
is probably going to purge the timewasting interwebs from her house     send me addresses!  i'm going old skool with pen and paper and face to face human interaction!
is thinking about rekindling a romance with an old sweetheart:  a vacation in hyrule with link 
"is going to curl up in bed with tarabella and <propfirst> <propfemale>   tomorrow, i get paid for hanging out with kids and acting my (inner) age "
wonders where she misplaced her organizational abilities     could have sworn they were around at some point   
is rawkin' out and cleaning house before venturing out to visit a friend and play in the photo lab!  black and white is sooooo sexy!
"is going to bake some bread, make some squash soup, then put on a sweater and scarf and venture out for champagne thursday!  i  love  fall!"
any recommendations for movies or music before i quit the internet at home?  (i am going to miss my last fm and netflix   )
woke up this morning with her nephew snuggled up to her neck and her tarabella curled up behind her knees   cutest cuddle puddle ever!
is argyle sweaters and cordouroy   park time and fall colors!  loving the sunshine before it leaves for the rest of the year   
"had an amazing day!  got back her gamecube (and <propfemale> and pikmin and animal crossing!) took the muttley for a walk at mt  tabor, spent some time with the old roomies and played with puppies, followed by a few hours in the darkroom where all my prints came out beautifully!  and to finish with homemade bean soup and corn bread   nom!"
is not so fuzzy around the edges     recentering and finding inspiration 
wonders how many days in a row she can eat chili before she spontaneously combusts   
!an informal poll for my computer nerd friends!  i know so many of you guys are also into photography     digital or film?
is on day two of a post-apocalypse movie marathon 
"wishes she could afford her rock n' roll lifestyle      love   10 22 alela <propfemale>, 10 23 ani d, 10 23 blitzen trapper, 10 24 the gossip!!!, 10 24 and 10 26 mirah, 10 25 the dodos, 11 01 <propfemale> spektor, 11 03 dirty projectors, 11 04 mum, 11 05 white rabbits, 11 07 dinosaur jr    and 11 11 they might be giants "
thinks the apocalypse is not ready for her   
knows where the wild things are 
is getting ready for some epic air keytar 
"is selfish today, but thinks she'll play nice with friends later tonight "
anyone know of a room for rent to fit my tarabella and i?  weighing some options   
is alternating between a raw panic and a zenlike state of faith in self 
tonight is for a mad <propmale> and knitting marathon 
"for the ladiez!  i'm going to be hosting a weekly arts and craft night of awesomeness   bring supplies to make stuff and food or booze to share!  monday night, 3-7pm!"
is listening to the dubliners while reading dubliners and desperately needs a guinness 
is mellow today   rain makes me hermit   
should probably be a roller derby girl 
"is kickin' it with her bitch tarabella, eatin' friday spaghetti on a wednesday and trying to decide between mad <propmale> 3 or the <propfemale> bride to go with her knitting "
"is a little bit country, and a little bit rock n' roll "
"is going to put on \ahab\"" (from <propmale>!  thanks!) and read \""moby dick \""  yay bedtime!"""
needs to crawl outta bed and enjoy this sunshine!
uses konami code to win facebook 
goes crazy for a fellow with a big vocabulary   
really needs a pair of roller skates 
"is going to listen to \blueberry boat\"" by the fiery furnaces on repeat until she stops getting butterflies from the crazy awesomeness of the song """
thinks that eating a pomegranate in bed is an excellent idea 
"is watching \bride and prejudice\"" and wishing her sissy was here     no life     without wife     hahahaha"""
is going to make pumpkin scones!  nom!
is in the middle of an <propfirst> norton movie crushathon    love  sigh!  love 
"is feeling restless     debating on a trip to the <propfemale> this weekend   wide open spaces, sunshine, my dog, my holga, a few rolls of medium format film     meet me at the meet market?"
does not like bacon 
lives below a dinosaur!
"is thinking about celebrating her friday after a busy holiday week by going to hungry tiger too for cheap beer and food, followed by free play night at ground kontrol   who's in?"
is testing her cooking skillz with a vegan thanksgiving!
"received her first gardening catalog for next season, is daydreaming about fresh tomatoes, dirty fingernails and garden sharing    *sigh!*"
bought nothing today 
should never own a car with more than 4 cylinders 
is working shifts that make it nearly impossible to socialize with anyone aside from tarabella 
needs to find some motivation to start cleaning before grandma's arrival tomorrow   anyone have some i could borrow?
needs darkroom time   and drawing time   and writing time   where does it goooooooooooo?
practiced her spanglish today   still as fluent as ever 
may have bet away her hypothetical firstborn son 
"is making a list of the fellows she would have an epic bromance with, if she were a dude "
woke up early on her day off after dreaming she was late to work 
is ready to jam out some epic air keytar 
is feeling lonesome for her ladiez    love 
"should make an epic instrumental playlist for rainy days     gybe!, red sparrows, talkdedomic, pelican, etc   "
"has been pulled over twice in less than half a week   got out of it last night with a warning for having a \concealed weapon \"""""
"is finishing the bakeathon after work tonight, followed by celebrating with dollar margaritas!  !que deliciosa!"
"is suffering from a literary impotence   this has never happened to me before     i've tried reading old favorites, new ones that i've wanted for so long, smart ones, brainless ones, but i just can't seem to keep at it past <propfemale> 20 or so "
"wants for christmas:  to not catch the flu this winter, a handsome fella to snuggle, and either a unicorn or a pegasus   (i'm not picky   )"
"needs assistance from a tall fellow in portland   where are you sir prescott and viking <propmale>?  i need you guys!  beer, hugs and high fives in exchange for help!"
is too tired for mischief tonight   tomorrow: beware 
"is good at math, but bad at money   new years revelation: make the two work together   "
may stay in tonight 
is well fed with an appropriate garlic and wine to blood ratio to suit an italian lady 
is going to try to be more punctual this year     (and it hurts!)
is suffering from a snuggle deficiency   
loves cheeeeeeeeeese   so much 
"says that if your produce is dirty, it's probably because it's grown in the dirt "
feels unreal 
is the most epic figment of her own imagination 
"is a master baker, and finished up some self-love in the form of vegan oatmeal raisin and walnut cookies   i'll save some for you, tiff!"
will be hanging out with friends and drinking dollar margaritas this <propfemale> 
believes monday is going to be quite girly    love  !
"is still unsure whether gin makes her crazy, or if it's the amounts she ends up consuming "
"is going to mellow out and be a homebody the next week or so   time to take care of myself, my obligations, and my projects    love "
"wants a haircut   a little bit, or a lot?"
"wishes she could call in \feeling antisocial\"" to work """
is going to ignore her lack of musical talent and is going to start a country music career!
"has the tools, and has the time (4 day weekend!), now to just do it   "
is not giving spiders to <propfemale> 
is the beastmaster!
is trying to keep things in perspective 
cut her hair 
"scrabble, comics, and a mate at cafe down the road with a hometown friend, cleaning, laundry, fresh baked bread and homemade soup, sleepytime tea and bedtime with <propfirst> norton via \death to smoochy \""  a good day """
"wants the pharaohs, but there's only men   "
"can pretend at cynicism, but will likely never actually get there "
is currently obsessed with knitting and reading spider mythology symbolism 
was having fun pretending to be amish during a scheduled power outage 
is ignoring the groundhog; she can smell spring   
is excited for superbro sunday party and potluck!
"and tarabella are going to play in the sun, read and draw by the river     lovely!"
"is a liar and stayed in to drink tea, knit, read and draw "
"believes in science, but also believes in magic   they are sometimes the same thing, and sometimes they exist independently of each other "
is not used to being so quiet 
"today is for <propmale>, adventure and faraway friends who will be close enough to embrace    love "
wants to go for a bike ride!
is going for a bike ride and is going to reward herself with ladiez night beers   hooray!
is inspired by blue skies and interesting folk    love 
"is tucking herself in early tonight with a glass of milk, a couple girl scout cookies, and a book    love "
"is going to see if she can find the biggest, fluffiest, and snuggliest purrrrrrmonster at the animal shelter   but not for me "
loves how much she can fit into a day when she tries      love 
is a dimestore <propfemale>!
"is currently existing in a pleasant alternate reality   i have not disappeared from the face of the earth, loves "
wins at the bins!
is torn by her kitten-like <propfemale> to be sooo lazy and her <propfemale> to get shit done!  or at least start shit 
*is all hearts and stars and flowers*   love 
whirled her way through another weekend 
"is going to eat an artichoke in bed while watching \ginger snaps \"" cuz that's how i run  * winks @anahi *"""
"is not <propfemale>, but loves a good beer, interesting folk, <propfemale> punk, and birthdays!"
"is kickin' it in her jammies with her bitch tarabella, cuz we're so hard "
is going to prepare for an epic ladiez night    love   love   love 
thrived through another epic weekend    love 
is potential and energy 
"should get out of bed   another busy weekend, coming up!"
wants nothing more right this moment than to see midgets on stilts   
"finally, after almost a year of rumors, saw the destruction laid by a woman referred to only as \log lady\"" at work   an epic monthly shit roughly the size of a campbell's family size soup can """
loves the last wednesday of the month   yay for a cheap night out!  hungry tiger too for dollar pabst and vegan corndogs followed by free play night at ground kontrol ($5 cover)   sooooo good!
pulled no pranks today   
"finished mission accomplished today:  fixed flat tire on bike, removed needle tack from tire, finished drawing her comic, biked to kinko's, valiantly battled copy machines until they gave a suitable print, made delicious minestrone and <propfemale> focaccia and watched a movie while snuggling with a handsome fella "
would only sleep when she's dead if she didn't like it so much 
"appreciates that you want to save the environment, and want that 5c credit on your order, but you should leave your cat piss stanky reusable bags at home  thanks "
"rode home along the river, she was smooth as glass, reflecting the city lights like stars  portland is so quiet at 3am, and my heart was so bright "
is curled up in a <propfemale> spot in a cafe working on letters and <propmale> while waiting for a friend to get unlost on her way here    love 
does not want to run in the hamster wheel today 
loves that moose are really fuckin' big 
is so excited for cirque du soleil!
can't believe she fit so much amazingness and fun and beauty into one day 
is rereading the dark materials trilogy and desperately wishes she had a daemon 
hates working on sundays because customers wear so much perfume because god will love them more if they smell pretty 
"knows she's a nerd because when she hears customers discussing anything kardashian, she thinks <propfemale> trek, not the tabloid hogging sisters "
"was told she is the <propfemale> of the dorks (it was complimentary) and is gearing up for a weekend full of music, comics and faraway friends    love "
is going to nerd out at an epic level 
is going to bake billion-in-the-morning cookies 
"has a full heart, a head full of inspiration, an ear fulla music, and a body full of caffeine    love "
is mellow   tonight 
"can't believe it's almost free play night again at ground kontrol!  my, how time flies!"
"needs to get outta bed, sleepyhead!"
"wants to be best friends with <propfemale> frye so we can wear ridiculously frilly dresses, eat strawberries, and get our hands dirty working on what needs to get fixed "
no hay seres humanos ilegales    love 
"is feeling sew sew, and will likely feel better after a project or two is finished "
feliz <propfemale> de borrachos! quiero celebrar pero necesito trabajar    sad 
had her life invaded 26 years ago by a little sister!  happy birthday <propfemale>!
's mom wears combat boots!  happy mother's day!
realized that working in a cash register again really makes her miss the weekly world news   
wonders if batboy ever got married   
"has a pretty full agenda:  payday chores, nap, drawing, soaking up some sunshine, bike ride, and dinner with friends    love "
loves her bed more than one should   
"really wants to join a tribe of ewoks   just for the summer, though "
has a very photogenic mind 
saw a midget on a tricycle on her way to work today   she also seriously loves how ridiculous her life can be 
is again re-reading books   please put into my pretty lil hands new and amazing books to read   
is so glad the bike shop at her apartment is open 24 7 for repairs   bedtime with dirty hands!
is a smitten kitten who was workin' on some knittin' and now is the time for fittin' in some zzzzzzzzzzz's   
is a bundle of potential looking for direction     *ahhhh     bed!*
"has a low battery and wishes she had some sunshine to recharge  and maybe a hammock, too "
wishes her dog would quit farting  tarabella is so stinky!  and loud!
"is drinking coffee in preparation for the holiday weekend circus that will exist at her work   am i the lion tamer, or the clown?"
"its tmfi day at work! thank you, customers, for not so subtly reminding me why i never ask how you are today   "
is a sunflower in this parade of roses 
is almost to the end of a nine day stretch of work   lets get together thursday and make stuff and shake out the work and end of term blahs and get creative!  who is with me?
"does not have a very good relationship with time   we speak different languages, i think "
has been a quitter for a year now    laugh 
is not actually a shark 
"has so much to do!  and so much work and sunshine to not get it done in     (tick, tock, tick, tock   )"
"is on break, glaring at the clouds rolling in, hoping to scare them away "
"is going for dollaritas!  see ya there, sweethearts!"
is going to sleep to dream of sunshine 
wonders who misplaced her summer 
"is at a fork in the road of her adventure   choices are good, and so is growth and movement   breathe "
is crossing all of her fingers at least twice 
got free admission to the museum today because grandma told the gal i was a kid 
is starting to get a bit anxious about the passage of time   
has so much to fit into two weeks   squeeeeeeeeeeze!
will origami time 
rocks her life by the skin of her teeth 
"is bright sunshine, brighter ideas, and big plans    love "
will be migrating back to the se this week   yay!
hopes <propfemale> is swift to the asshole who threw a 2l bottle at me while i was riding bike to work 
is looking for a few folks to volunteer some muscle on tuesday around noonish to help me load and unload a uhaul   pizza and beerz afterward for helpers!
"has so much stuff, and so many associations and memories     all into the little boxes, sort, and pack, pack, packing "
today is for a new adventure    love 
and the tarabean are spending their first night in the new place!
really wants one of those tennis racquet electrified flyswatters  moskeeeeeeeeeetos gonna git it 
is in seattle today!  sunshine!  touristy bits with a handsome fella!  finishing the day with tool!
is sinking through summer  hope it stays long 
is a busy little bumblybee!  love 
sunshine on my skin feels like love 
"is chilling for a minute before she has to get crazybusy this weekend   agenda:  camping tonight for family reunion   tomorrow= pepe's burrito, visit dad and 10 yr hs reunion   sunday= bike ride to portland international beerfest with a handsome fella!"
is going to bike ride with a handsome fella to the portland int'l beer fest!
has found an amazing adventure partner   love 
loves the brightness of summer 
thinks its strange when people answer their cellphones in public restrooms  (ps  i flush extra when this happens   )
quote of the night: 'bitches love cuteness!' -<propfirst>
is again wrapped up in post-apocalyptic books and movies   
is snugglin' a roomie's purrmonster   what a way to start the day!
totally digs lesbian style 
will rise from the ashes and shine as a phoenix!
believes august is one big party  ready?
still feels so young 
along with jilly putnam hijacked a bar for drinks and shark week!
always gets meteor showers and shark week for her birthday    love 
misses her fella   counting hours 
thinks it's hard to plan for the future when she e playful ects the apocalypse 
is on the bus with a passenger that stinks so loud he offends us all  people are making faces as they board the bus 
is a shark   sharks don't go to work at the grocery store 
"don't call me lazy, sir, when i'm working and paying into your social security which i will likely never see  i should have turned back into a shark & ate you "
got to be the stinky person on the bus today because she had some fragrant cheese in her backpack!
thinks acorns are adorable!
"thinks that being a nerd is like a good wine   when aged, it gets an added dimension of flavor and becomes more interesting "
"along with jilly putnam, believes that rabbits should always wear monocles "
believes that working at a grocery store is a great form of birth control 
wants to listen to <propmale> phillips with her sister 
"will eat *2* pepe's burritos today, no matter how bad it hurts "
is driving a tank & unabashedly rocking out with her frock out 
cut her hairs 
is sure there are exotic hairless varieties of ewoks near the equator of endor 
is counting down to super adventure vacation time!
is marking things off her bucket list   love 
what is now proved was once only imagin'd   -<propfirst> <propfirst>
"has returned to reality, but is still adjusting "
has overstimulated brainstuffs 
"anyone need a roomie?  i have a new friend who has decided that portland needed her, and so she's looking for a place to call home for a bit    smile "
is a smitten kitten 
thinks its craftin' season!
is not ticklish!
is much better at making wish lists than to do lists 
had a rawr-ing contest with a little purple dragon at work today 
is giving sleep no choice but to forcibly take her 
wants to finish her friday with dollaritas 
"is going to be a knittin' kitten this evening   come to my house for a fun crafternoon!  byob wine around 5ish, but will likely go on for a few hours   i'm making a big pot of chili and cornbread from scratch!  let me know if you need directions!"
has a big heart and bigger plans 
"loves sleep, but it didn't love her back "
wants a cure to the common cold and some snuggles 
"got put in timeout by the dr   dumb cold   well, someone's gotta read <propmale> potter   "
loves her siblings   and that they posted on mom's facebook 
needs a new <propfemale> hat 
is back to work today   i'll wear a flower in my hair to try to make it better 
wonders if people are trying to conserve paper when they wipe shit on the walls of public restrooms 
loves her argyle sweaters and corduroy pants    love 
is ready for epic music and reading time    love 
is trying to rein in all the ideas and inspiration swimming around in her brains 
is up too early listening to spanish twee pop    love 
quote of the night: 'he was <propmale> like a babies arm '
will spend some quality time with the sunshine 
wishes she could straighten her threads of thought   what a pretty braid they could make!
has some <propmale> displayed at her fella's business for the grand opening of 'float on ' their first day was a success & it was so much fun to be a p<propmale> of it   love 
is babysitting her fella's business while drinking yerba mate and waiting for the comcast folks to put in some solid interwebs 
could possibly be wearing purple tonight   for the first time   for you now 
has been finding so many adventures and is grateful to have an amazing adventure partner   love 
is curious about the practicality of a tattoo suggested by her fella: 'what are you forgetting?' tattooed on her hand 
shops for groceries like a mormon 
"is hoping for sunshine tomorrow, because she will be searching for the great pumpkin!"
come to my house around 4pm for a potluck and crafternoon!  bring fall inspired food or wine beer   bring any <propmale> or crafts that you would like to work on   love to see you here   message call text me if you need directions!
"tough\ girls come from new york, sweet girls come from texas, <propfemale> girls \come from california, but us oregon girls have fire & ice in our \blood! we can ride 4-wheelers, be a <propfemale>, throw a right hook, love \football, fish with the boys, bake a cake, be great moms, party, and \   love with passion  and if we have an opinion, you know you are gonna \hear it!! copy and paste if you are an oregon girl!!  smile "
"had a wonderful day off and is happy for her fella and how his brand new baby business is doing   congrats, love!"
loves that esperanto is a language choice when installing any linux os 
saw peewee <propmale> at work today  he did the laugh!
"if\ you \like\"" my status i will tell you: 1: something i've learned about \",bb7f251c165c12a3d44e767bf95c228c,has gotta throw a costume together quick!
"just heard her nephew say \hi auntie heather!\"" for the first time over the phone    love   love   love """
is not afraid of the big bad wolf 
completely earned her right to vote today 
believes that hot baths and wine can cure nearly anything 
"today, i'm a grumpasaurus <propmale> and will destroy the next person who tells me how nice it is outside "
a lovely day for a crafternoon! hellooooo sunshine!
is thankful for pumpkin pancakes and a handsome fellow to share them with 
is trying to eat herself sick on pumpkins! pumpkin curry soup is on zeee agenda tonight!
"has finished her wine, and is ready to curl up with a tarabean and a battycat and some <propmale> potter "
loves being an awesome cook  vegan extra blueberry and <propfemale> pancakes for breakfast!
"was a busy little bumblybee for her days off   helping her handsomest at float on, got a float, did some knitting and yoga with anahi, interview for wine steward, saw a crazy girl get arrested, bike ride to get a phone protecter (i haz a clumsy), fresh produce at portland fruit & produce, and zee library   now cleaning room waiting for her fella so we can go to a wine tasting class at 8 tonight!"
is a bundle of excitement that the rain can't break apart 
sometimes the best teacher is a <propfemale> to learn & a library down the road   love 
quote of the night: i think she (<propfemale>) must have a tune-up every 3k <propmale> 
"q: is reading a book about wine while taking a bath as good as drinking it? a: yes, because i have jubelale "
little man asking his father: 'can we have a foodfight for dinner?' he's my new best friend 
is so much more than the sum of her parts   (strength!)
"if i were a plant, light would feel delicious and water like a hundred little kisses "
got a flu shot tonight and should therefore be invincible this winter 
"only bought a pepe's burrito and gas to get home today   great time with the fella and family far away from retail   saw a <propfemale> eagle up close   also, fuck black friday "
busy day today!  coffee is one of my favorite things    
is going out dancing tonight with burke giordano   you know you wanna too   call text message me 
"doesn't care for football, but loves working during the civil war  people wearing their colors and bantering while in line "
probably needs a touch more caffeination  then maybe work will have to get ready for me!
"its my friday, so i deserve dollaritas "
"is hauling around eggs and toilet paper, but not making nearly enough mischeif "
"is getting a transfer, a promotion, and a raise for xmas!   laugh "
on the road with dad! classic rock blaring! gonna see my sissy graduate from nursing school with honors this weekend!
is at a club with a 'strictly enforced dress code' and glad she dressed like she was going out with her gay boys 
" love  if this isn’t nice, i don’t know what is   love "
"love christmas, but hate the music & working retail for it "
i wonder if fantasy football is like d&d for the jock set?
"i wandered outside looking for the <propfemale>, but i think she was hiding, since i looked like a crazy lady wearing about 3 random layers over my pajamas   "
ingredients? check  coffee? check  bake-athon go!
a 5 mile bike ride at 4am is almost as good as a cup o' <propfirst>  now where do i find my coffe this early?!?
the trouble with tribbles!  love   love   love 
feeling sharky today 
"fights sleep like a stubborn child, even though i really want to go to sleep "
has a blessed little heathen heart   love 
"the guys at float on  have been busy! also, ashkahn jahromi  has sweet bedhead   laugh \\http annoyed  www kptv com entertainment 26362549 detail html\\http annoyed  www tripfilms com travel_video-v76343-portland-a_beginner_s_guide_to_floating-video html"
dreamt that i was escaping a volcano with my siblings  and we made it!  and even more joy when we called mom and she answered 
"bend friends! my fella & i will be taking a mini anniversary vacation in bend february 3-5th! i wanna see you! message me if you need my #, and give me yours too!"
a stitch in my side & a light in my heart   mt  tabor is mine!  victory lap!!
voy a estudiar porque quiero ser <propfemale> bibliotecaria 
listening to gy!be while studying can make even c++ seem epic 
today is my littlest brother's 21st birthday  wow! time goes!
"had lots of fun taking her fella out the night before  my treat, this time!  love "
"central or friends!  <propfirst> and i will be in culver friday night (late), then in bend saturday until monday   see you soon!  if you wanna <propfemale> out, let me know!"
saw a guy playing the accordian while riding a unicycle  should have followed my first instint & stopped him to give him a hug for brightening my day 
midnight artfest   yes 
"has been with a wonderful fella for a year today   you're great, <propfirst>!  and i can't wait for our next set of adventures    love "
madras friends!  please puppyguard pepe's so it won't close until i get there tonight   i need a burrito!
"today's agenda:  bath for tarabean and i (separately), homeworks, coffee & puppy exchange, checking out a new bike, getting a new camera, meeting the fella, getting outta town!  burrito at pepe's and drinks with dad "
enjoyed her bend adventure time!   laugh 
is absolutely nerdtastic 
is a snuggle sneaker 
"is undecided if there is a skunk living on 52nd between division & powell, or just a conncentration of 'green card' holders "
is a tinkerbelle- a pretty lady who fixes shit!
is stalker-status obsessed with <propfemale> creamer  love   love   love 
had a rough day   sun can't shine all the time   thanks <propfirst> zepeda for rescuing me!  love 
"is gonna squish <propfemale> with lurrrrrrve at hungry tiger too, in just a short little while "
"mission breakfast in bed for the fella:  not accomplished, but appreciated anyway "
planned parenthood rally is packed! the whole parking lot is almost full!  love 
"thinks it is sometimes difficult to make small goals, when you're so used to living so big "
"coldest bike ride, ever!!!"
"brrr!  i would say the same thing as yesterday, but i don't want to dare mother nature   "
can haz naptime   and a battycat!
"'this country wouldn't be in this mess if babies weren't so lazy,' <propmale> quote of the day "
 love  mellow day with my handsomest  the rain couldn't get to me today   love 
"working away the morning, then some liquid courage before journeying to the bins with nitya!"
"has injured herself good enough to say that she was in a bar fight, and you shoulda seen the other guy!"
"is tuff as nails, and secretly a dirty old man stuck in a 28 year-old woman's body "
is wearing a cardigan that used to belong to my grandpa that was knit by his auntie   love   love   love 
"is her own little sun, but loves to hear that she brightened other peoples lives    love   love   love "
just heard a coworker describe the (relatively) new <propmale> & <propfemale> as titanic on land 
naptime before partying all night at metal mountain with my fella!!!   love 
"what a night, what a day   rest, kitten "
"it's almost spring cleaning time    but i'm gonna sleep now, instead "
"ate too much homemade bean soup and fresh baked bread, but wishes that <propfemale> long, <propfirst> long, and <propfirst> long were here to share in the aftermath   love  you siblings "
"work fast, craft hard, then a midweek weekend with the fella for his birthday!  love   love   love "
"orchestral pink <propmale>, teamball, krissi hopelessly infected with the giggles and a night so late its early "
"believes the recent celebrity meltdowns offer proof that we should tax the <propmale> more: obviously, all that money isn't good for them "
"\you are in danger of drowning in the world of the senses; ours is the danger of suffocating in an airless void   you are an artist; i am a thinker \"""""
should never open a bottle of wine on a work night unless she has someone to help her finish it   
it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire post  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile
mellow day watching cartoons and snuggling with the fella   life is good    love 
"suck it up, kitten  tuff as nails "
"going out for drinks, then sleepover with <propfemale> hughes   i assure you, there will be pillowfights "
forgot how gross cigarettes are  thanks <propfemale> for the reminder   wink 
any interest in a late crafternoon this evenin'?
feels so small 
"if my heart were my pet, it would be fuzzy and warm and way too loud   but it would be significantly easier for me to snuggle myself "
cooks when she's happy  ready    set    go! mega-awesome breakfast time!
"bright heart, soothed soul, & now to take a shower to take care of the physical part   "
will be taking the scenic route everywhere today 
is a hopelessly romantic cheeseball 
"shower, salad time, then gym with the fella, real dinner, then real snuggles!  yay!"
had an awful dream my tarabella & i were attacked by a fierce raccoon  i had to <propmale> it off us with a stick!
"i understand it must be difficult to be only 4 feet tall and bald, but if you ask nicely instead of ordering me to do a task in a douchey manner, i'll oblige "
"is thinking artichoke & ice cream for dinner, then snugglin' battycat & tarabean while watching a chick flick is tonight's post-work agenda "
"artichoke + ranch = ace!  half pint of denali moose tracks & wondering why it took so long to watch \mean girls \"""""
may have every single shark week on her netflix instant watch list 
today is for sunshine and my  love   
"my bicycle and i will be enjoying the sunshine today   if you want to join us for a picnic & wine, gimme a ring!"
"fighting a migraine & a computer virus malware   on a brighter note, i have inspiration for last minute minicomic for stumptown comics fest!"
went to 3 nurseries & is now super excited for getting hands dirty!
making indian food tonight! <propfemale> not feathers 
and it defintely sounds like i fed the fella indian food last night   
"is not finding and or forgetting so much already today  and with no \holiday\"" help """
"hey friends! last minute $10 discount for bridgetown comedy fest pass! before 3pm use \mercury\"" code at bridgetown eventbrite com"""
gonna hope in the shower to get so fresh and clean so i can listen to filthy comedians all night tonight at bridgetown comedy festival
"work day, earth day, comedy fest, holiday weekend, gogogogogo!"
"who is gonna be my comedy <propmale> tomorrow? wanna showhop & see bridgetown comedians? i mean, after my tarabella's birthday party!"
"i believe that bridgetown comedy festival is the olympics of comedy   the comedian's wit, charm (?), and endurance are all tested (especially considering portland pot & microbrews) over 4 very intense days   i'm excited to see the grand finale tonight!"
is making a solemn vow for herself to never feed a bedmate lentils again 
anybody up for tomorrow's happy hour hop? hungry tiger too for dollar tallboys & 1 25 vegan corndogs then $5 cover for ground control free play night!
too damned early looks like too damned early-give or take an hour  whoops    late to work 
"wonder if you can tell that bus drivers smoke based on if they wait for the transit tracker to catch up to them  also, busses today seem to have an extra dose of plague  thanks to <propfemale> for a shot of vodka to kill the germs!"
"one of my housemates just caught baby  i don't want to live with a pregnant woman or child, so will be househunting very soon  anyone looking for a roomie? i come with an antique labrador, joint package "
"today's agenda:  spring cleaning, groceries, crafting, and dog park!"
wants a scale in the house so she can see how much she hauls around in her backpack 
goal for today: get out of work early & take care of bidness then get some sun!
has very little brain to mouth filter when she works at 5am 
digs a man with a clipboard 
"to all my fb friends, in honor of mother's day i'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till may 8  i did  if you will and like this idea, please re-post this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on fb "
knows her cooking is good when <propfirst> is going for seconds while people are still dishing their first round  feliz cinco de mayo!
its free comic book day! and also my sister's birthday!  guess what she's getting for her bday? haha! just kidding! i'm keeping them for myself!
"guessing what was going on above cascade lakes brewery: merengue dance class, pack o' rhinos, aikido class, office chair derby, & hulk hogan impersonator school hosting an exchange program w andre the giant impersontor school practicing body slams "
crafternoon today at 4pm at my house!  bring a project to work on and drinks to share!  i'll be fixing minestrone & <propfemale> focaccia for dinner!  see you soon!
"today was for sunshine and centering, picnics at the park and fresh delicious food   love   now if only i had my fella to snuggle!"
ahhh   this weather     another soup day   clam chow-dah!!!
