afba58409dae13443c9a91a529974019
get my 1st safety tomorrow  hope the weather holds off 
another day of riding  feels good to be back on the quad  and teh shop is gonna fix kotas quad for free  very good day 
"ok, so kotas quad isnt getting fixed for free, but i only <propfemale> to buy the parts  not too bad i guess "
all is well  i dont really hate my life  its a loose term only a few would really understand  thanx for careing though 
another day 
just found out im on drill orders  hahahhha  not gonna happen 
just found out im on drill orders  hahahhha  not gonna happen 
pretty good weekend all considered  one more day to relax and get ready for another week 
"getting cold, but i still cant stop ridding the bike "
feeling very low  self esteem conidance is hurting 
off to bed to try and prepare for another week  lets see how it goes 
finally a half decent day  hopefully tomorrow will follow suit 
"livin the life  dredin next week, when i have to go to ds school "
pretty goog jump other than the entanglement  dang cherrys  not too bad though 
blah
i miss my soldiers! leadership time goes by way to fast 
its imposible to keep women happy 
bbbbbbbbbbbblllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"miss my guys  yes they will always be my guys  i know they will do well, no matter what the mission though "
207 on the bike with no shakes  amazing
another day in the life  what happened to the days when soldiers came first?
im saleing my ltr450 quad  if ur intrested give me a call  open to offers 
another day in the life  fukital!
fml!
what is happyness?
1st day in the 42nd  woohoo  gota do what i gota do  miss my soldiers  stay safe 
"i like it rough, like your mother trabeck"
"bent back paper clips, 2 lil baby boomerangs and shit  poor lil tink tink  i miss my boy "
"you can never make everyone around you \happy\""  especially when you dont know what happyness is yourself """
fukitol!!!!!!!!!!
another day in the life  still trying to figure it out 
idk
fukitol! whats next?
ca called today  now i just gotta get outa my orders  woohooo 
aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
so confused  why does life have to b so difficult?
ca school in <propfirst>  cant wait 
so freakin board  cant wait for <propfirst> to get here 
"i think this is the worst morning ever  i was late for work, i got pulled over, and theres a pickup order on my plates for no insurance  i love paying people to do stuff and then they dont do it "
just shoot me!
fml  so whats next?
i have no clue!
what to do? what to do?
livin the life  whatever that means   hahahaha!! fml
leeish
so confused  why does life have to b so complicated?
again things are more complicated than they need to be  i guess shit happens  is what it is my friends 
another 1 of those days  i think i might lose it 
this new schedule really sucks  a total waste of man power and time  why do people think that things have to change to be better?
"how can something make u feel so good, and hurt just as bad?"
fukitol!
does life ever get easier? can't live with um don't wanna live without um  fukitol!
i feel so trapped  life seems to be a vicious circle  when will it end?
"my little all <propfemale> is batting a  944, and <propfemale> is the captain of his soccor team  what more could i ask for  they are destin for greatness "
i dont think i will ever understand 
is there really only one person out there for everyone?
"well, i had a good moring  not so good evening  now i get to sit at work all night and dwell on it  fml!"
fuck it hurts!!!!!
hopefully today will b as good as yeasterday 
another day in the life  get the boys this weekend  gotta find something fun to do 
im going to cut you when you less e playful ect it!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahahaha
"fml! atleast i've got the boys this weekend, bringing some joy to my life "
"had a great time with the boys last night  had a good dinner, then watched despicable me in 3d  hopefully tonight will go well "
"all in all, had a good weekend  great time with the boys, and feel like we actually made progress "
i am a happy bundle of sticks
really like spc vertner i think hes really a good guy
"so, yea there i was                                 "
i miss vertner
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fml!!!
i will lose u both before i choose!
sgt gazso ruuuuuuuuulleess!!!!!
just another day in the life 
 annoyed   sad 
"it is what it is! now if i only knew what it was, i would know what to do with it "
i just don't know anymore  fukitol!
fml!
just another day in the life  ive been having fun with the boys all week  havent played so much call of duty in a long time 
i just dont understand it!
just tryingto live my life the best way i can  love the time i've been spending with the boys  now i just wish i could figure the rest out 
back to the mp world i go  let's see where hrc sends me 
just dont know anymore  i really just want to say f everything one 
looks like alaska is going to be my new home 
