e03b343283e58fd853573e805a4fabc1
"massive party at 3172 westwood drive, doraville 30340 come over here at dark and get crunk! 5 bucks a cup drink all night"
tonight were getting fucked up!
i need a winn-dixie grocery bag full of money right now to the v i p  section!
<propmale> over
just sprinted in my boxers to get the trash to the street in time  made it just in time!
what the hell dawgs?
says what the fuck?
"aww its ok gerogie tech      but i mean come on, did you honestly think you would win???"
roll tide
go falcons!!! look for me at the game!
today i swore that i wouldn't mourn ya cloud over california if that's the way it's gonna be then i'll fuckin' go it alone i'm a saint in sinners eyes curse the clouds over california
"writing and studying, studying and writing"
finals and then im done! and today at 11 there is a powerlifting competition at <propfirst>'s if anyone wants to see  should see a number of world records fall
its so pretty outside even if its freezing cold and raining  it was a good day to go run with skeletor even though by the end of the run it felt like i was breathing liquid nitrogen (which would be pretty badass by the way)
"and i ran, i ran so far away i just ran, i ran all night and day i couldn't get away"
i like shredded wheeeeeaaaaaatttttt!!!!!!!!
is bored as hell and wouldn't mind being somewhere else in particular right now
"<propfirst>, <propfirst>, <propfirst> of the jungle"
4 8 15 16 23 42
"i turn polar bears white and i will make you cry  i make guys have to pee and girls comb their hair  i make celebrities look stupid and normal people look like celebrities  i turn pancakes brown and make your champane bubble  if you squeeze me, i'll pop  if you look at me, you'll pop  can you guess the riddle?"
riddle of the day: there is this 6 digit number! the tens digit is 2 more than the ones digit  the hundreds digit is 2 less than the tens digit  now the hundreds digit is again equal to the thousands digit  the ten thousands digit is 2 more than the thousands digit and the hundred thousands digit is 2 less than the ten thousands digit
"riddle of the day: a woman shoots her husband   then she holds him under water for over 5 minutes   finally, she hangs him   but 5 minutes later they both go out together and enjoy a wonderful dinner together   how can this be?"
"riddle of the day: <propfirst>, my son, is exactly one fifth of my age  in 21 years time, i will be exactly twice his age  my wife is exactly seven times older than my daughter, <propfemale>  in 8 years time, my wife will be three times older then <propfemale>  how old are <propfirst> and <propfemale> now?"
"riddle me this: what can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps?"
"riddle me this: what lives in winter, dies in summer, and grows with its roots upward?"
lemon!
"remember kiddos, socialism isn't a dirty word"
"for there is such a difference between the way men live and the way they ought to live, that anybody who abandons what is for what ought to be will learn something that will ruin rather than preserve him, because anyone who determines to act in all circumstances the part of a good man must come to ruin among so many who are not good "
new periphery = metal
"believe in memories, to resurrect me"
"dont worry about those death threats <propmale> <propmale> and <propmale> stone  those guys are a bunch of fucking pansies and arent long for this world  go freedom of speech and fuck extremists, <propmale> qaeda, and the iraqi militia"
<propfirst> + skeletor 4 life
"goodbye finals  goodbye icollege com  goodbye gpc dunwoody traffic  goodbye homework  goodbye boring classes  goodbye school, you will not be missed"
"maybe its cause im on, maybe its my dougie  "
relentless
its about to go down algeria
we are <propfemale> suck our dicks!!!!!!!!
football tomorrow at 5pm livsey elem  school  if you want to come play or need directions call me
thank you to everyone who came out to play football last sunday  it was a lot of fun
who dat said they gone beat dem saints? um   me biotch
"im so proud of my falcons  iv been a die hard fan for a long time and they have never done this well  first in the league!! they are definately going all the way  its the year of the falcon   throw it to <propmale> <propmale> aka \balls\"""""
go birds  need i say more?
just snowboarded in the atlanta snow
damn you bills and publix for taking all of my money  damn you 
