9de8ab930641d381813761e28bfffb6d
i miss my boy   it's not the same around here without him 
"a bumper sticker i saw today read \there is a place in this world for all god's creatures       next to the mashed potatoes \"""""
i'm thankful 
2009     no    no     i won't let go!!!!  whaaah
oh here comes 2010     well how are you doin?
says it's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont! if you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for at least one hour!!
"if you & i woke up in jail together   using only four words   what would you say to me? copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say    (and if you make a comment, you gotta put this in your status "
what was the #1 song on the day you were born? google the date and #1 billboard song     copy and paste with your #1 song: good lovin' by the young rascals
snow on da' ground     snow on da' ground      drivin' like a fool wit da' snow on the ground    look at ya now - car spinnin around     drivin like a fool wit da' snow on da ground!!!    slow it down      then copy -n- paste - n- pass it around!!!!!
"please, no more snow pics   anyone have warm sun and sand pics!!"
i am off to shovel my driveway        so the ambulance can get in to get me!!!!
"obviously, my son joined the air force in 2008 so he wouldn't have to help us shovel today!!!"
?¸ •*¨*•?put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? daughter(s) ? in the ? world?•*¨*• ¸¸??¸ •*¨*•??•*¨*• ¸¸?
<propfirst> <propfirst> and <propfirst> the grouch are now friends 
can anyone tell me how to get to sesame street?
going to watch fireproof at <propfemale> and <propfirst>'s!
latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the world's population 
don`t think that you`re thinking  if you think that you're thinking you only think that you're thinking 
"eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines "
we are doomed!
"you can't have everything, where would you put it?"
"it is said that if you line up all the cars in the world end to end, someone would be stupid enough to try and pass them "
"please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone, or have been affected by someone, who are suffering from 'needs a smack upside the head'  people who 'need a smack upside the head' affect the lives of many  there is still no known cure for someone who 'needs a smack upside the head', except      a smack upside the head, but we    can raise awareness about it "
had a fair game of frisbee golf with <propfirst>   she kicked my but though   i'm sure a rematch is in order!!!
a single fact can spoil a good argument 
"1,2,3,4,5   today i caught 5 fish alive!!!! 6,7,8,9,10   the warden made me put them back again "
"todays game - place of birth! everyone\please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends\birthplaces are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your\place of birth at the end of this sentence  baltimore, md"
happy mothers day!  (as if every day isn't mothers day )    just kidding!lol!
ok everyone off the computer!  go outside and play!!!!  (i sound like my mother!?!)
today's <propmale> news post has my boy's engagement announcement   where has the time gone   
never let a computer know you’re in a hurry 
just because you're not paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you 
"love is      we get knocked down, but we get up again, ain't never gonna hold us down "
it's so hot i've sweat stuff i haven't drank yet!!!
yeah i'm 21 today!!!!!                      just today   tomorrow i'll probably be back in my 40's
if there is a fork in the road always take it    you never know when someone will offer you pie!
today is the last day that i will think of as the first day of the rest of my life      (or maybe not)
my baby boy gets married tomorrow   where has time flown   smile 
you will be happy to know <propfemale> 'swimmy' <propfirst> is doing fine!!!
my boy has been married for a whole week!!!!
i love my family   they rrrrrrrrrrrrrr grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat!!!
"carilynn drove, i survived  a good day!"
"who needs enemies   we often don't show respect for our political system   our elected officials deserve respect, if we voted for them or against them   they stand as a symbol of <propfemale>'s greatness   would we wish the flag harm   or bumpersticker the flag with the date out of office   obama and bush deserve our utmost respect even if we disagree with them  patriot or traitor    depends on our actions "
yay!!! 1 more day then off to mexico!
whee!!!!
mexico is amazing!!!!
"wow! what a july   nj for an awesome wedding, home with flu like symptoms, mexico for an awesome vacation, home  with ear and sinus infection  i better dig in for august!"
"when i feel like complaining about work, i think about all the people in the world who wish they had my job   god is good   thank you god for my job "
rejoice! for today is the day the lord has made!!!
today's my unbirthday!!!!!!
"picnic in the park today! 3- 7 p m  fcob baker park band shell  this is a free event and concert open to everyone  four time dove award winner and grammy nominated pillar will be headlining along with stellar kart, and living water  in addition to the music, there will be hot dogs, chips, ice cream, inflatables, kids games and gifts, all for free!"
hello!
 sad 
 indecision 
"don\t read this post!"""
"so, so very tired   sad "
"another sinus infection, yea!!!!!"
"is pizza a pie or an entree, is sweet potato pie a pie or a vegetable, will chicken pot pie make you high    "
remember where you were?
9 surprise 0 pm est history channel  9 11 102 minutes that changed <propfemale> 
all voters like this!!!
i am sooo frustrated today  > annoyed 
i insist on a great day!
 indecision ~
anyone know and or recommend a good paving company for my driveway?
yay!!!  i didn't get hit by a truck and die today!!!
thank you god for all my blessings 
the stinkbugs came from <propfemale>   we should send them all our spiders!
some people are just looking for something to complain about   i would like to help them       complain about this!!!!
walkersville girls varsity soccer 1-0 over <propfemale>!!!!
had just about enough of life 
catscan of sinus' today 
cat scan results show i do not have a cronic sinus infection   just a regular one  (for the eighth time this year)  thanks for all your prayers 
"a u s  military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home  in the minute it takes you to read this, military members all over the world are not only saving lives, but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom  it's military appreciation week  re-post if you are in the military, love a military member, or appreciate our troops   "
"honest criticism is hard to take, especially from a close relative, friend, aquantence, or someone you don't know "
argh!!!
congratulations to my son <propfirst>!  he is a sr  airman today!
"kids\with special needs are not sick or gross  they only want what we want -\to be accepted  can i make a special request? is anyone willing to post\this and leave it on their status for at least 1 hour? it is special \education week and this is in honor of all children made in a unique "
"golly golly gee, golly golly giggle   i wish thanksgiving turkey only cost a nickle!!!!"
very proud of carilynn   inducted in the national honor society tonight!!!  go girl!!!
"they say \if a cat always lands on it's feet         you must not be throwing it right!\"""""
oooo i hate that rabbit!!!
"when driving up a hill in snow please do not brake or go 2 <propmale> an hour  (even with awd or 4wd)  allow the forward momentum of the vehicle to keep from sliding    those behind you will have to stop, then not be able to move again   arghhhhhhhhh!!!!!            thank you i feel better now "
"women, can anyone e playful lain them to me?"
ho ho ho!
welcome baby jesus!!!!
let's see how creative my facebook friends are     leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name     it can only be 1 word     then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you     don't just post a word & not copy     that's no fun  smile 
"it's me week!! if you are a beutiful me, that you love more than you can describe; copy and paste this to your wall  you will be with you for a lifetime "
i am so excited to have seen a bald eagle at the biggs ford road bridge over the monocacy!!!
"wow, went to collect an overdue invoice (from june) guy not only refused to pay but tore up my invoice in little pieces and threw them in my face  then threatened me   what language    all for 200 bucks "
 surprise ( bwaaaaaaaa!   i miss my boy!
basket bingo today at 2 surprise 0 pm ladiesburg vfd support walkersville soccer   i e playful ect to see everyone today!!!
has anyone any information about the national collegiate scouting association?
i am sorry to everyone on the journey awana team but i lost all the video files   it appears the world has moved on and left me behind  digital media is beyond me 
has decided that from this day forward i will be knon as <propfirst> jalapeno        on a steek!
"mathmatical puzzler     if you take any number and subtract the number that is two <propfirst> lower you will always end up with the #2!!!  try it, it works!!!"
"son called my today and told me i am going to be a grandpa              then said april fool    he got me, but good "
home from <propfemale> college for the weekend   i should have earned credits for that trip 
