4d3870f01d8339b0b994757eab6eece5
feels sick  sad 
listening to lady gaga  laugh 
had an awesome game nite  laugh 
oooohwhoa girl if ur wondering if i want u to i want u to  so make a move  cause i aint got all niteeee!!  laugh  (so catchy!! lol)
wow   boredom kills   
is gunna go play sum <propmale> potter on ps  laugh 
hmm   harry potter games again? lol i think so!  wink 
finished rereading <propmale> potter 5  laugh  now onto the 6th book!!
dangg summer is gunna fly by!! i have stuff planned for almost every day in july  laugh 
omg i hear the ice cream man!!  laugh 
ea games   challenge everything  wink  (playing <propmale> potter2 on ps)
i was only in it for the fashion!!! -<propfirst>
<propmale> potter <propmale> potter <propmale> potter  wink 
is bored   maybe ill go read sum hp6 er something   nothing else to do  playful 
is home alone   how depressing? there is usually always someone to talk to  sad ( now theres no one and im bored!!!
just watched the parent trap   and is now bored   again  playful 
gunna go read   bet u cant guess   harry potter  laugh 
ice cream man!! ice cream man!!  laugh ddd
ermnn   been bored all day  sad ( alls i did was read and go to target w  chels to buy joshs bday gift   what a boring day  playful 
is bored   no ones home   again  sad (
"helping her brother, <propmale>, move out  smile "
is waiting for jax to get online   which will prly be never  playful 
gimme a hell gimme a yeah!!!  laugh 
im bored   ive been home alone since 9   and will be that way til like 6  sad ((
is super excited for <propmale> potter and the 1 2 blood <propmale>  laugh d
heading over to her brothers house  laugh 
its too early for me to be up!!  annoyed 
is gonna read <propmale> potter numeral 7!!  laugh 
playing an addicting game!!
never thought id say this   but i miss crayton!!!
omg <propfirst> <propmale> died  sad (
i cant wait for hp6 to come outtt  laugh 
officially has her own room!!! wooh!!!  laugh  for the 1st time since she was born!!! youre all jealous!  wink ]
gonna go <propfemale> up some posters  laugh 
is gonna go <propfemale> up some posters  laugh 
is off to go draw a picture er read er something   idk yet  laugh 
gonna go read hp7  laugh 
is gonna get some black <propmale> sundae thing from braums  laugh 
oh no summer is going by too fast!! and its gunna go faster once july is here  sad ((
bought new covers for her bed  laugh 
whats with everyone dying??
too much stuff going on!! ahh!! summer is gunna be gone b4 i kno it!
is pissed   so im gunna listen to hard-core music!!  laugh 
yay! tomorrow thru friday   no saturday will be fun  laugh 
is gunna have fun 2morro-sat  laugh 
's room is too clean   playful  i hate it 
happy fourth of july everyone  laugh d
gonna go watch the battlefield firework show w  my sis's and bro and <propfemale>  laugh 
had lots of fun watching things blow up in the sky lol  laugh 
is bored   maybe ill go read more hp7  smile 
got her tickets for 6 flags and the <propfirst> mccartney concert yay!!  laugh dd
watching <propmale> in the middle  smile 
the wedding is friday!!! yay!!  laugh dd
gonna goooo read   er see whats on tv  laugh 
my bros getting married sat!! eep!!!  laugh 
im gonna go read hp7  laugh 
hates the new firefox update   its slower!!!  playful 
cant wait for hp6!!  laugh ddd
youre not the boss of me now and youre not so big  laugh 
got back from the bridal groom party thing   it was fun  laugh  the weddings in 2 days!!!  laugh d eep!!
wedding rehearsal tomorrow!! i cant believe the weddings saturday already!!!  laugh ddd
just got her nails done   the wedding rehearsals in a couple hours!!! this is <propfemale> exciting  laugh dd
the weddings in 3 hrs!! eep!  laugh d i hope it all goes well  smile ]]]
is off to <propmale>'s wedding!! this is so exciting  laugh d
after all that planning that wedding went by so fast   but it went really well and was really fun  laugh 
6 flags in 3 days!!  smile 
is watching <propmale> in the middle   aka reese in the middle  laugh 
gettin pumped to see <propfirst> 2morro  laugh dd
yay!! 6 flags and <propfirst> 2morro  wink d
is going to six flags 2morro w  jax for 4 days!! yay!  laugh  be back sunday  wink 
is off to 6 flags w  jax  laugh  and we are gonna see <propfirst> mccartney!! woot!!  laugh dd
just got back from the <propfirst> concert 6 flags zoo vacation!!!  laugh dd it was awesome!!!  laugh ddddd
is gonna go see hp6 w  chels thurs maybe   hopefully  smile  i hope its good    
gonna go see if <propmale> (reese) in the middle is on lol  laugh 
<propmale> & <propfemale> came over today! yay!!  laugh  made my day go by faster   its always fun when they come over  smile 
is gonna go read hp7 soon  laugh 
is gonna go watch some old disney vhs tapes  smile 
is hoping to go to hp6 today w  <propfemale> and <propfemale>  laugh d
gonna watch lion <propmale> after <propmale> in the middle  smile 
is finally prly gonna go see hp6 today  wink 
just saw hp6!! wooh!!  laugh  it was pretty good   better than the 5th movie    but the book is still better  laugh  (i  love  draco!!!)
"is kinda bored    nothing to do, nothing to eat, nothing to drink   the slogan of this house  smile  <propmale> is comin over tomorrow tho   thatll be fun i guess  smile "
of course i get a break out right b4 school pics   even tho my face was clear all summer   i hate my face  playful 
ugh school pics!! making me wake up early  playful p
is pissed off at ms samsinak for changing my whole schedule around so i have no friends during lunch  playful 
hates the high school 
stayed up all night   just because lol  me and <propfemale> were watching videos and playing this game on her computer and draw my thing   very addicting things there  laugh 
i wish i didnt have to sleep  smile 
boredom   maybe i should do my hw thats due today in english   nahh i can do that later  smile 
doesnt like hw   it made me stop playing my fav addicting game  sad  (draw my thing on omgpop lol)
is going to the fair tomorrow  laugh 
chances thrown nothings free longing for used to be still its hard hard to see fragile lives shattered dreams   
just got back from the fair!! wee!! it was fun  laugh 
bored til like 10 tonight lol   jessica's bday is today and my bro and her are coming over  laugh 
the world loves wannabees so hey hey do that brand new thing!!  laugh 
is bored   nothing to do  sad 
wishes <propmale> in the middle came on in 30 mins lol
boreddd    maybe ill actually do hw!! o o
is painting my room this weekend  laugh 
is tired   but finally got her license  smile 
wonders if im gonna paint my room today  playful 
's room is now green  laugh d
is hungry  playful 
is bored to tears   maybe ill actually read 1984  surprise  get past chapter 3  laugh 
is tired and hungry  playful 
1 week of summer left  sad 
is hungry   and wants <propmale> in the middle to come on again  playful 
is makin mix cds for jax  smile 
had fun todayyy  laugh 
is watching some <propmale> in the middle before i go to sleep  laugh 
has to go help paint chelsies room  playful  (at least i dont have to move furniture back in again   )
is bored   has to miss <propmale> in the middle tonight b c my dads dorky friends are coming over  playful 
omg a dj fingaz exists!!  surprise 
had fun todayyyy at joshs and the park and applebees and what not  laugh 
does not wanna do summer hw   ew! i have to go there thursday!  sad 
apparently i cant have 2 study halls on one day!!! god this schedule shit is pissing me off!!!
is so bored   nothing to do   school starts in 3 days ewww  playful 
got rubber bands  surprise 
officially my last day of freedom  sad 
ew  school starts tomorrow  sad 
im off to beddd   school tomorrow  sad 
ugh first day of school was today   i hate the first and second day  sad 
is off to bed! good night everyone  smile 
is very cold!! but my bro came over today  smile 
is bored  sad 
ewww! tomorrows a monday  sad 
ew  homework   playful 
today was pretty flippin awesome  laugh  i  love  b days!!
is tired and does not wanna read her hw  sad 
is going to go do hw   bleh  sad 
bored   avoiding hw  smile 
yay we won  laugh 
might go shopping w  <propfemale> in a <propfemale>  laugh 
yay next weekend is a 4 day weekend  laugh 
ugh   sundays   i have to do hw  playful 
hates mondays  playful 
had a crappy weekend   
is excited for halloween a little early  laugh 
only 175 days to go    (i think lol)
finished watching 10 things i hate about you  laugh  i  love  that movie!!
ew  i still have to do bio  playful  i prly wont finish  smile 
cant wait for tokio hotel and <propfirst> lamberts new albums  smile ]]
had lots of fun yesterday hanging out  smile  i hope i can go bowling monday too!!!
cant wait til friday!!  laugh  itll be a fun filled day (plus my bio and alg tests will be over and done w )
boo hw!!  playful 
ugh biology  playful  i still have to study!!
yay!! <propfemale> degeneres is replacing <propfemale> on american idol!!! im excited for this  laugh 
omg that black eyed peas dancing crowd thing on oprah was brilliant!!  laugh 
had lots of fun bowling and stuff today  laugh 
going shoppinggg andd then possibly to marys idk   
ughhh i have to do hwww  sad 
hungry 
ugh i dont like writing paperssss  playful 
g'nite  laugh 
has to think of an avant garde design tonight  playful  booo!
do do do do do do       at jackiessss   weee  smile 
boo i dont wanna type an english paper  playful 
ughhh so stressed out about english!!!
ahhh i got distracted!! i still have to write 2 more pages for english  sad 
yay!! thunderstorm!!  laugh 
best episode of <propmale> in the middle was on today  laugh 
going out  smile 
had a random urge for funyuns   too bad we dont have any  sad 
doesnt wanna do hw  playful 
doesnt wanna do hw  sad 
gonna go do lots of hw boo  playful 
welll im off to do nothing yay!!!  playful 
headaches 
is sooo bored   wants to go to a haunted house 2night   but prly wont be able too  sad 
jealous of my bro   hes in germany right now  surprise 
gonna go watch some nightmare before christmas  laugh dd
finished black rabbit summer   it was amazingg  laugh dd
is hungry   
should prly go to bed   lol  smile 
probably wont be home for another hour or longer!! ugh i rly just wanna go homeee!!!!  sad 
finally done w  hw   yay!
i hateeeee being stuck at ic!!!! i just want my own car!!!!
has to get up earlyyyy!!! and im tired  good night  laugh 
off to kayleens to get rdy  smile 
tired   
ew hw   meh i dont feel like it  laugh  maybe laterrrr
is so sick of retyping and printing this damned english paper!! i hope i never have to look at it again!!!
off to study for bio    ew 
off to shower and read  laugh 
is going to go read city of bones  laugh 
"the same blood the same cells the same god the same hell the same life the same love somebody, anybody, everybody stand up! hey you we can turn it up! hey you we can turn it up!!!!!"
thinks i should get the gang back together!! like me <propfemale> jax and cait for a day!! we never all 4 <propfemale> out at the same time anymore  sad 
going to see frankenstein tomorrow  surprise 
<propmale> is over  laugh 
has sooo much hw to do!! <propmale> distracted me today and tomorrow im gonna get more distractions b c im going to a play!!  playful 
frankenstein play: $10 snacks: $5 seeing a kid <propmale> a squirrel: priceless
the krusty krab pizza is the pizza for you and me  laugh 
excited for sat!!!
? everybody look left everybody look right everywhere you look im standing spotlight!! ?
excited for tomorrow  laugh 
excited to go to caits soon  laugh 
had fun at caits  laugh 
still has to do american history hw  sad 
hahahhaahhaha!! this commercial looks justtt like my brother  laugh  http annoyed  www scaryideas com content 11673 
should prly go study for biology             but i rly dont wanna  sad 
hungry  but excited for my outfit for tomorrow  laugh 
doesnt kno how well her costume is gonna be   im missing parts  sad 
less stressed now   i have a costume planned  laugh  its not what i originally had in mind   but it works  laugh 
had fun today dressing up and what not  laugh 
gonna upload pics when i get back  laugh 
tired  might go to bed  excited for 2morro tho! <propmale> is coming over and we are carving pumpkins  laugh 
gonna go eat  laugh 
tomorrow should be interesting and fun  laugh 
happy halloween people of facebook  laugh 
why does today have to be sunday? i have to do hw now  sad 
i feel asleep   oh well    now i can read city of bones  smile 
<propmale> the elf is as real as you and me!!
doesnt wanna take an american history test 1st thing tomorrow morning  sad 
rawr   smile 
back from a short trip around downtown for the <propmale> walk  smile 
gonna go watch   elf  laugh dd
getting excited for christmas a little early  smile 
hopes her parents will let her go see owl city in janurary  laugh 
bored    la la la   doesnt wanna do 3 english projects  playful 
well i totally didnt do any hw   i dont understand english anywayssss     smile 
off to bed!! nite ppl of facebook  laugh 
"welcome to the good burger, home of the good burger, can i take your order?  laugh "
got owl city tickets!!!  laugh  be jealous   lol
"hello, my name is inigo montoya  you killed my father, prepare to die "
has a stupid painful stye!! it sucks  playful 
eye is even worse today   great   has to go the walk-in clinic   
"has to get contacts, cant wear makeup for the next week, and i have some sort of thing worse than a stye on my eye    fml "
wants a smosh hoodie  laugh 
welcome to my happy world now get your shit and leave!!!  laugh 
i rly dont wanna do english   but i have to b c its for a test grade  sad  guess ill be doing that for the next 3 hrs  playful 
suckin too hard on your lollipop oh loves gonna get you down  laugh 
these are my love handles and this is my spout but if you tip me over then mama said knock you out!!  laugh 
chocolatte choco choco chocolatte choco choco!!!!  laugh 
who broke the copier copier copier    ???
im a dude hes a dude shes a dude were all dudes!  laugh 
boo i hate studying!!!! biology and american history   im almost done w  the history study guide   then i have to study both  playful 
i love reading mlia  laugh 
happy thanksgiving everybody  laugh 
black friday shopping here in 5 hrs  laugh 
black friday shopping was crazy!! lol! 4-1030am!!  laugh  we got good deals tho!
got her hair cut and recolored  laugh 
"ugh!! my bangs are being evil and wont stay to the side!!!  annoyed  anyone kno any tricks besides a straightner, blowdryer and hairspray? lol"
yay!!!! we are prly gonna get another dog over xmas break!! im excited  laugh dd
got <propfirst> lamberts new cd!!  laugh  thanks <propfemale>!
yay!! tomorrow is a friday  smile 
watching christmas vacation  laugh 
pissed at <propfemale> for canceling last minute on us!!!!
bored   maybe ill watch an xmas movie   got nothing better to do  playful 
i just realized my bdays in 10 days oooo!  smile 
1st radio ipod i get at sams   no remote  2nd one   doesnt work!!! now i have to go back a third time tomorrow to get a 3rd one!! ugh! this is rediculous!!
my poor old doggie hurt his leg and now hes having trouble getting up  crying 
if its gonna be this cold might as well make it snow  smile 
when buying an ihome 4th time must be the charm   right?!?
being sick sucksss!
hello seattle i am i mountaineer in the hills and highlands   
wow  i fell asleep  and i was suppose to memorize french and take a shower   oops  smile 
shawtys like a <propfemale> in my head that i cant keep out got me singin like na na na na everyday its like my ipods stuck on replay replayayay!!!  laugh 
is very bored   idk what to do   been watching youtube videos for the past hour or so  laugh 
totally got nothing accomplished today  laugh  taking pictures tomorrow night for art   then doing the actually pasting pics on tuesday   and doing actual hw for monday 2morro   thanks a lot <propmale> and <propfemale>  laugh 
"\one minute youre getting stoked up about a weird looking tree then the next minute youre chest bumpin with some dude and then both of you break your sternums and youre on your way to the emergency room\"""""
im offically 17  laugh  yay!
wants cheese cake   bleh    playful 
nom nom raptor  laugh 
joyeux <propfirst>!!!  laugh  i cant waittt!!!!! less than a week!! i have sooooo many xmas movies to watch!!!
3 more finals   then break!!!! cant wait!!
no more finals!! yay!! christmas vacation!!!  laugh 
yay!! christmas is here in a couple hours  laugh dd
snoww  laugh dd
<propfemale> christmas!!! yay 4 snow  laugh 
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!  laugh  i had a good one!! i even saw sherlock holmes  wink 
getting a new puppy today!!   i hope  laugh 
got an adorable puppy today  laugh 
didnt sleep at all last night  sad 
happy new years <propfemale>!  laugh  yay for 2010!!
i hope we get a snow day!!!! eep!!!  its still snowing!!  laugh 
okay well i feel asleep at 6 and woke up at 3   great     annoyed \
ugh! stupid springfield and never closing schools no matter what!  playful 
yay!!!! snow day!  i got to sleep in!!!  smile 
yay!! no school again 2morro  smile 
gonna go buy city of glass 2morro!!  laugh  idk if i can wait  laugh 
i got all the mortal instruments books that are out!  laugh  and i got a new hoodie and stuff! yay!  laugh 
hey soul sister ain't that mister mister on the radio stereo the way you move aint fair you know hey soul sister i dont want to miss a single thing you dooooo tonight!!!  laugh 
yay 4 american idol  laugh 
american idolll!!!  laugh dd
gonna go read city of glass  smile  nite everyone!!
i ran over a stuffed animal on your car because i think i need some serious help!!!
welcome to good burger home of the good burger can i take your order??  laugh 
hahhaha!! i love the guy that did the <propmale> dance on american idol  laugh  hes my hero!! lol!
i loveee american idol  laugh 
just finished art   didnt even start math   ugh   oh well   night  love 
had fun in st  <propfirst> even tho the concert was postponed  laugh 
"\we have come to the conclusion that bird is greater than or equal to the word \"" \""try it again!!\"""""
1 in 12 american's are unaware that the bird is the word 
now i rly wont get a car til college   fml 
ugh   i dont wanna do math or english hw!! but i have to just incase it never snows  playful 
just got home   i got out of school at 12:45   rediculous much?? my dad does not know how to think logically   
boredom   time to watch a movie  laugh 
nooo!! owl city was rescheduled for a wednesday!! maybe ill be able to skip school?? o o
i dont wanna do my hw  playful  bleh! cant i just pay a nerd? lol 
"happy birthday to my doggie, jacks!!! hes 13!!  laugh "
hell time   1134   i should prly go finish hw   blah  playful 
ew! i have so much hw tonight   and i just feel like doing nothing  laugh  yay procrastination!!  laugh 
facebook   why change what isnt broken???  playful 
everybodys gonna love today love today love today!! everybodys gonna love today anyway you want to anyway youve got to love love me love love me love love!!  laugh 
just now starting my english rough draft b c my dad just now got off  playful 
   i rly dont wanna do english  idk what im even suppose to do  laugh 
*takes deep breath* i'm squidward! i'm squidward! i'm squidward squidward squidward!!!  laugh 
just watched the breakfast club  laugh 
<propfemale> brown boom!! b*tch!! get out the way! its the brave little toaster! the brave little toaster!!  laugh 
i wanna do something     laugh 
just went shopping w  <propfemale>!! i got a batman shirt  laugh 
been bored all day   idk where anyone is   aksjlkdjasfk  playful 
boring day     playful 
loved the boondock saints   laugh 
i dont wanna study   or go 2 school 2morro  playful 
my dogs are so stupid  jacks wants to eat puppy chow and <propfirst> wants to eat dog chow   stupid stupid dogs   
shower then study   ugh   i just wanna sleep ><
had fun at the basketball game  smile 
i think i have every outfit mostly planned out for spirit week now   yay!!  laugh 
im excited for spirit week and claires sat  laugh 
excited for tomorrow!! imma be murphy macmanus! (ish lol)  laugh 
sleepy    
bored bored bored   whens american idol on? hmm   
yay 4 2morro  laugh 
so mad right now b c im pretty sure i broke my camera ><
had a great weekend!!! until hw came along to ruin it  playful 
i have hubba bubba bubble tape!!! 6 ft of gum for you not them  smile 
still dont feel like starting american history ec  playful  hooray procrastination!  laugh 
gonna go see <propfemale> 2morro  laugh 
hello  my name is inigo montoya  you killed my father  prepare to die 
omg omg omg omggg!!! i can get a car over summer if i get a job!! yay!!  laugh 
gonna go see <propfemale> after school tomorrow!! im excited  laugh 
saw <propfemale> in wonderland after school and i loved it!!  laugh  (except one part that i woulda cut out  laugh ) but other than that   
bored   dnt wanna start <propfirst> just yet  playful 
doesnt wanna do theo   study or write the paper ><
i wanna see the sun >< & i just checked the forecast and we only getta see it thursday and monday  playful 
doesnt mind going to act prep 2nite  smile 
"?? love lifts us up where we belong where eagles fly on a mountain high! love makes us act like we are fools! throw our lives away, for one happy day      ??"
theres nothing more important happening then whats going on right here at this park bench now!!! ?? these problems matter ?? lol 
can not believe its snowing right now ><
"\high school is such a serious thing   these problems matter!!\"" lol"""
today was awesome  smile  hooray for the weekend! haircut 2morro  smile 
i loved the <propfemale> and the frog  laugh dd
got my hair cut  laugh 
i woke up at like 10 today!! whats wrong w  me!?!? o o
captain crash and the beauty <propfemale> from mars   
getting wisdom teeth out in about 8 1 2 hours   ugh  playful 
ugh   i got my wisdom teeth out today and keep getting sick  playful 
very boring break   still swollen   tomorrows gonna be just as boring  laugh 
happy easter everyone!  laugh 
excited for summer vacation!!!  laugh dd only 28 days left!!
dont wanna go back to school  playful 
very jealous ><
is the walking dead  g'nite everyone!!  love 
<propfirst> lambert  laugh 
relay tomorrow!! love our team shirts  laugh  (wish it wouldnt rain d smile 
relay was cold!! and i was homeless lol
10 banana creme pies!!!!!
omg!!! omg!!! yay!!! midquarter is this wednesday!!!! summer is sooo close  laugh dd
less than a month left of school ^^
only 16 more days of school!!  laugh 
got job applications today   
skool iz 4 chumps 
today was pretty awesome  it felt like friday tho  smile 
hooray!! 2morro is finally friday!! that means 2 more weeks  laugh 
spectacular spectacular!
turned in a couple apps today   needa apply to a couple more online  playful 
leavin wed!! be back friday  laugh 
owl city was awesomeee  laugh 
some worker at mcdonalds just gave me free coffee!  laugh 
go more apps today!! wee? ugh   i rly dont wanna do all this hw  playful 
tomorrow is our last wednesday of this school year!!! yeah!!!  laugh 
less than a week  laugh 
kinda wants to get her hair cut   hmm   
4 more finals then summer  laugh 
last day tomorrow  laugh 
of course my brother comes over tonight of all nights and makes me procrastinate even more than i was going to  playful  still needa shower and study for my history final ><
1 more final then summer  laugh dd
summer vacation!!  laugh 
"went bike riding yesterday  smile \i wanna do something today  playful "
gonna watch hp6 w  chelsie  maybe lol  laugh 
i hope i get my braces off over summer ><
going to the cardinals game later  laugh 
i get my braces off on july 21!!!!!!!  laugh 
the ballgame was pretty fun ^^
bored bored bored   very bored  playful 
had lots of fun today  smile 
wish i could get a job  annoyed 
<propfemale> brown   i'm padro  laugh 
had fun at caits house yesterday!!  laugh 
theres nothing more important than what's going on at these lockers right now  laugh 
idk why but im in a great mood for being bored all day lol  laugh 
so im like 100% sure its impossible to get a job   ugh!!!  playful  fml 
gettin my hair cut tomorrow  laugh 
i eat burritoooooooo  laugh 
took the act this morning    hope i got at least a 22  wink 
turned in a application to braums today   i rly hope they hire me! this was my 9th application o o
i love watching fireflies at night   so pretty ^^
happy summer!!  laugh 
"\this summer it's the pain you've never felt before!\"" bz bz bzz bz bz bz bzzzzzzzz!!!! *hides*"""
i just saw toy story 3!!!  laugh 
"but the hat looked good? tell me the hat looked good! the apron is a bit much, but the hat   "
just saw a huge rainbow  laugh 
i like the vuvuzela button on youtube videos  laugh 
hooray!!!! hp7 trailer!  laugh 
"i have gone to find myself  if i get back \before i get back  tell me to come find  me "
the battlefield fireworks were so pretty  laugh 
"racing through the city, windows down, in the back of yellow checkered cars     smile "
finally gets a new phone on the 28th! yay!  laugh  getting rid of the brick  wink 
"don't worry, woody  in just a few hours you'll be sitting around a campfire with <propmale> making delicious hot schmoes    "
craving a sopapilla   too bad the only casa <propfemale> is all the way in colorado!!!  playful 
gave myself a french manicure  laugh 
"saw inception!! very good  smile \still at jackiesss   "
is officially braces free!!!!!  laugh 
hooray!!! today is the last day my dad will take my phone   b c tomorrow we get new ones!!!  laugh ddd
my schedule didn't get changed for the first time ever!!  laugh d
my puppy is officially 13 1 2 today  laugh dd
just got my senior pics taken  laugh 
had loads of fun w  clait tonight  laugh 
"hanging out w  <propfemale>, jax, and cait  laugh "
my phone is an official pill of shit  it has locked me out and will only allow me to make emergency phone calls  i'm taking it in tomorrow to trade it  this phone has only brought me problems!! ><
had orange leaf for the first time   it was delicious!  laugh  oh and got a new phone that works  wink 
the kid is a     l 7 weenie!!!  laugh 
gonna go pick out senior pics  laugh 
basically done w  summer hw!! yay!! just gotta draw a picture  smile 
ugh   last day of summer  sad 
i'm addicted to nail art   lol   i just put butterflies on all my nails  laugh  it's soooo cute ^^
i'll always love jacks  smile 
i wanna rocket to the <propfemale> hoodie ><
is addicted to the hunger games and cant stop reading!!! and i have to study sometime  laugh 
ugh   my dad's getting rid of cable ><
will it ever stop raining?!  sad 
ughh   i hate being sick ><
no school tomorrow for me! too sick and my eye   
google's home <propfemale> is fun today  laugh 
sweet carolineeee ba ba ba!!!  laugh 
got a new puppy to play w  <propfirst>!  laugh  her name's peaches   shes sooo cute!
yay! season 2 of glee starts today  smile 
i've been dreading this baby all week   and now i have it   and the first time it cried i did everything and it didnt shut up   great!
i want to try defying gravity!!!  laugh 
loves doing my nails  smile 
got some cool new ringtones  laugh 
can't wait for the <propmale> horror episode of glee  laugh 
doing nightmare before christmas nails tomorrow!! (i hope lol)
my dad has to drive me to school all week     this sucks 
is it true seniors get to dress up every day next week??
excited for <propmale> potter day tomorrow!!  laugh 
it's already november   this year really is flying by!
criminal minds  laugh 
ugh! i hateeee when daylight savings time ends  sad 
yay! im excited for <propmale> potter this week  laugh 
i see you driving 'round town with the girl i love and i'm like fuck you!!! ooo ooo ooooo!!!
let you put your hands on me in my skin tight jeans be your teenage dream tonight!!
yay!! <propmale> potter tomorrow after school  wink 
loved the new <propmale> potter movie! brilliant!  laugh 
ugh   cant wait to leave this high school  playful 
hooray christmas!!  laugh 
hooray for practically free movie tomorrow  laugh 
just watched christmas vacation with my family! best  christmas  movie  ever!
had an awesome day! and now i have to study  playful 
thank you everyone for the happy birthday wishes yesterday  smile 
tgif!  smile 
<propfemale> green is the best friend ever!! i love you!  laugh 
yay!! christmas break  laugh 
"<propfemale> christmas, world!  laugh "
goin to the mall! (felt i might update my status once haha)
hooray for snow day!  laugh 
"had an awesome time in washington, dc!  laugh "
hooray for no school on tues-wed probably!  laugh 
wooh! no school tomorrow  wink 
this week has been awesome! and i don't have to make up one day  laugh 
i don't think it will ever stop snowing this winter  laugh 
loved tangled!! loves hanging out w  friends  laugh 
come what may! come what may! i will love you until my dying day!!  laugh 
got a new haircut! yay!  laugh 
hooray for 88 cent crunch wrap supreme!!  laugh 
hooray for pi day!  laugh  i want some pie    
criminal minds was sooo intense today! loved it!
tonight was fun  smile 
relay tonight   hope it's fun!
only 20 more days left of school!!!! hope i'll make it lol 
i have terrible senioritis right now   
hooray!! last week of high school ever  smile 
hooray! high school's almost over  smile 
finally done with schs!! fuck ya!  laugh 
hooray! summer break!  laugh 
today was lots of fun  laugh 
my nails glow in the dark!!!!!  laugh 
finally graduated!  laugh 
really hope someone hires me and could go for some frozen yogurt right now  smile 
hangin out with <propfemale> green  smile 
may go zip-lining next tuesday! gahh! o o
going zip-lining today!!! gahh! so scared ><
gonna get some pineapple whip!! yum!  laugh 
having a pretty fun summer  smile 
just won $3 off a movie ticket!! yay!  laugh 
gonna go watch the battlefield firework display  laugh 
got my ears double pierced  smile 
got a laptop!! yay!  laugh 
excited to see the midnight premiere of <propmale> potter!  laugh 
<propmale> potter was amazing!!!!!!!  laugh 
jcpenney training tomorrowww
closing on a saturday sucks   had to stay an extra hour after 11 folding clothes  playful 
i love the titanic  smile 
first day of college tomorrow    idk what to think  playful 
ugh   i dont wanna work   i just wanna bang on the drum all day  playful 
i have a feeling i'm going to do horrible in algebra this year   i should have taken it in hs    
of course i'm the 1st kid on the 1st day to give a speech  playful 
yay! jerzday tonight  laugh 
would love to go see lion <propmale> 3d again w o the people behind me ruining it  sad 
just now opened my ped100 book to study and realized i have to read 200 pages tonight   fml 
