6c3bc4eb06db159fecd982e7e4e1082f
i like them carrying a little-bitty weight girls
shamwow
is back home 
i've had enough of this parade   i'm thinking of the words to say 
bullet proof   i wish i was
enjoyed the perseids tonight   
selling ipod video 5th generation 80gb
now has a longboard  smile 
was wet all day
just finals now   
didn't sign out on his friends computer
turkish march
thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes 
forgot to bring my phone on my trip to colorado     just facebook me if you want to talk   feel free to leave me a message 
"don't wake me, i plan on sleeping in "
they didn't lie when they said cramming for chemistry does not work    thought i would have learned my lesson from last quarter      annoyed 
thank you snow for causing the delay of my midterm 
hates taking classes he isn't interested in 
"is anyone selling a calculus: early transcendentals, volume 2 book?"
"yay, stressfull week before finals  "
mmm   ?
"i know you're wise beyond your years, but do you ever get the fear that your perfect verse is just a lie you tell yourself to help you get by?"
the truth is rarely pure and never simple 
"clearing my friends list of creepy people i should have never accepted   don't get any ideas, friends "
i was the one worth leaving 
wheres my phone? i guess you can reach me on here  
phones dead and no tengo charger so fb me  
skype is interesting 
fifa 10 -> facebook -> <propfirst> series -> fifa 10  okay    i think i found the pattern for ?f(n)(a)(x-a)^n (n!)
60% average for 153 midterm?
"oh, she's just being miley "
i can't read texts messages because my screen is not working right   you need to call me to get a hold of me   i'm getting a new phone soon 
"got a new phone   <propfirst>, please?"
you always admire what you really don't understand -pascal
"is doing (math v fifa) , ~math ? f"
"knowing when to give up on something is difficult for me  but e playful erience reveals the appropriate times for proper disengagement, leaving me free from destructive entanglement "
aha! i retrieved those memories associated with playing games like nightfire 
"i finally read a book that gives me hope for viewing reading as an enjoyable hobby for the future   i'm surprised, as i thought this day would never come   :-0"
freedom! for a little while at least 
the time required for the development of new hobbies is here   right now i'm trying to learn petit chien   it's a little fast 
"randomness:  as i was watching an advertisement on tv for the shake weight, i laughed   the people just seemed so lively while performing that certain hand motion, i don't get it "
soccer at <propfirst> 
    the questions run too deep for such a simple man 
describe me in one word  copy this to your status and see what people come up with
wants to do an oil painting 
"just found out what jersey shore is, and i am watching it now   "
i want <propfirst> cera's t-shirt collection 
"don't worry, they say it is the real thing "
"last night was sophisticated, indeed "
"usually when things have gone this far, people tend to disappear; no one would surprise me, unless you do "
fiddling with my first camera *press*—what does this button do?
scheduling  lol 
best not talk too loud; you're not as smart as you require of them 
listen to kid a in one sitting 
psych 100 book? i want 
nice to get out tonight and see some weezer 
left my phone at home    > >
on the scales of <propfemale> your absence weighs more than someone else's presence
"up above \aliens hover\making home movies for the folks back home,\\of all these weird creatures\who lock up their spirits, \drill holes in themselves and live for their secrets "
"weirdness is a word that should be omitted from a conventionalists vocabulary, as they usually use it in the midst of their inability to appreciate novelty "
vagueness isn't ok right now 
"learning e playful erience, let me tell you "
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
enjoys being a free night again  playful 
the influence of pride on forming comfortable and self-deceiving conclusions is overwhelming   i'm fortunate for second chances in the pursuit for truth   
the ability to have life—this gift wins 
"the script, it called for rain\but it was clear that day\so we faked it"
change it up  do you still understand?
"fun night, thanks for being a good host hc "
some people can never believe in themselves until someone believes in them     great movie that reminds me to not contain my gratefulness for you patient few!
grand tetons  smile 
taste of osu at 5-7ish anyone?
going wherever the evidence leads him   
cooped up in my room with just a bunch of diffy q's to solve   > >
< insert some e playful ression of dissatisfaction for another late night! >
?????????????????????????????????????????????????    e playful loration of foreign music! taking suggestions   
late night thinking  annoyed 
"i'll be the platform shoes \and undo what heredity's done to you\you won't have to strain to look into my eyes"
uncomfortable gap
"tonight was awesome, i wish the best for you two  smile "
touché 
please don't shut the door on me yet 
"me: hey, that car is coming by pretty fast     oh, there is a cop chasing him    oh, now lights are turning red, so how is he going to get away?  *<propfirst> and <propfirst> hear screeching tires followed by a loud crashing noise  * \<propfirst>: hey! let's go check it out!\me: uhh   i don't t—*starts running by his side*\turns out the guy did crash, and then took off running   helicopters were already on him   larh  love  it"
"brief conscience dialoguing: try it, maybe, sometimes,   "
isn't it strange that a gift could be an enemy?
beautiful day today   it has snowed 16 in  since 6am  laugh 
ready for some flirting with some pure mathematics this quarter     playful 
"<propfemale>, <propfirst> "
"????, i can't sleep!"
??????
(?!x)(?y)[x+y= love ]  the universe of discourse: all reals?     joyful 
share your e playful eriences with campus peddlers here!  i had my first awkward one today   
