805a3bf91c55de22982b3a6e8d1c318e
monkeys   monkeysmonkeysmonkeysmonkeys   
needing homes for some rescued animals   going to pick up mama <propfemale> with 4 <propfemale> babies and a few medium larger dogs from the shelter today  any good homes out there looking for a new best friend???
"need a home for brother and sister chunky cute weiner sausage dogs, <propfemale> and cosmo  6 years old, so sweet, fixed and microchipped, quiet and loving, cuddley red little weiner pups!! also(possinbly) 6 pound grey toy poodle female, great with everyone, soon to be spayed, housetrained, sweet and <propfemale> "
how do yo get to sesame street? always wondered   cuz i want a muppet dog 
"my house smells of eau de skunk   yummy  thanks, <propfemale> "
my new dog is ugggggllllllllyyyyy!!!!
"anyone looking for a fixed and declawed <propfemale> to adopt into their family? we have several needing homes, long and short hair  all between 1 and 5 years old    save a <propfemale>!!!"
"anyone care to contribute to help pull some more kitties from the flint shelter so that i can rescue them when i am down there? it's $35 per fixed <propfemale>  i'm paying to save 2, would like to get at least 4 or 5 out and into new homes  anyone???"
blehhhh
"kittens, kittens everywhere  who needs a kitten??? get your red hot kittens here!! (ok, they're really not red or hot, but there's lots of 'em and we need to find homes   )"
kitties?????
ninja--stealthy black neutered <propfemale> with no claws seeking family 
would anyone be able to pick up and hold 2 rabbits for ne from the lansing area until i get to detroit on th 12th? the lady wants them gone before the 12th   
i'm a grandma!!!
who wants to build me some rabbit hutches???volunteers??
12 <propfemale> butts   3 more to go!
14 <propfemale> butts!!
"lots of adorable dogs i need some homes for!!!! a 2 year old spayed tan chihuahua mix girl, a 2 year old white with black and brown neutered rat terrier boy, a gorgoues <propfemale> retriever autralian shepherd boy under a year, an adorable brindle basset mix boy, and moooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeee       "
"tonight(july 23)ragbirds at union strret\next saturday(july 31) <propmale> fu rodeo at union street\and the following saturday(august 7)the villa in frankfort\who's coming dancing with me???????????????????"
and many many many more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's so much lonelier feeling lonely when there is someone there then just being alone and lonely   
insomnia sucks!
"yep, still bored    "
"shrimp shrimp shrimp! i love shrimp! don't wanna cook, but i wanna eat it  i shall eat shrimp peacefully in bed with no children or other bothersome creatures to irritate me "
now i just need ice cream    
who can guess why <propfemale> can't lose any weight???? see below   
"zee shrimp is quite good, cuz you all wanted to know that "
"rabbits anyone??no, not the cooked variety  "
"those are 2 of 4 lop bunnies who need homes  2 boys, 2 girls  they are nice bunnies, gonna be chunky "
all the bunnies went to homes  now for the next batch of homeless furballs!
rainy days are so much better when you have someone to snuggle with      sad 
and some things just suck
i miss home   
thinking of celecrating my 40th birthday on new years eve     anyone?
thinking of not celebrating at all actually   
who is gonna spring my doggy from <propmale>???? anyone???
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! made me super happy to wake up and see all of those nice happy birthdays!!!
i will be downstate this weekend  i have 3 baby bunnies needing homes  anyone want one?
on the road tomorrow morning with 17 dogs and 4 bunnies    woohoo!
our adoptable <propfemale> of the day is sampson(aka chubby) who is a chunky grey male lop about 3 or 4 years old  sampson is super cute and i'll take his picture later today  anyone interested in adopting sampson?
my step father-tom stapleton-passed away yesterday  funeral will be this sunday i believe at the gym at benzie central high scholl  more details when i get them later today
wow   it's strange the people who find you on facebook    
i was much thinner when i drank lots of vodka    time for a diet change
"ok, who volunteers to lock me in a closet and not let me out til i lose 20 pounds and grow a spine???"
r i p  crinkle     
off to deliver some more dogs to rescues downstate tomorrow   let there be sun!
