9ff471f395e749760dbaffd4bcb9580b
feels horrible   time for a stress-less bubble bath!
i just got a hot new computer! yay!
i am a manager!!!! hooray!!
going to see <propmale> potter tonught with the fam   no work tomorrow yay!!
fun at the fair   kyle won me a stuffed animal!
just got the fall school schedule lovin it!!!
a day of lounging tomorrow!! i am physically psyched for my day off!
waitin on <propfirst> to get home   bored
might be gettin a new car!!!!!
found a car    a black cobalt   awesome mileage!!!! i'm so excited! hooray!!!!
i love our new car!!!!
work tomorrow   then school tuesday   then work the rest of the week   ready for a long week!!
dum dum dum   school tomorrow
learnin how to manage third shift tonight   a little nervous but happy im movin up in the world of mcdonald's!!! hooray!
done with my two nights of trainin    i think i got a lock on third!! ki is the best for trainin me!!!!
whooo!! first night of third shift by myself   and i rocked it! yea go me! haha
third shift this weekend   bout to take a nap!
ready for bed   third went well though i was suprised!
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone   anyone who wants to chill txt me!
zombieland was excellent!!!
had a good day at work and learned some new stuff! and of course i cant complain ash g got me out a little early!
it seems like no matter wut on 3rd shift i always spill something all over myself!! waitin on <propfemale> now   hopin she'll be asleep 
whoo!!! got my ipod touch had to wait in line for 2 hours but we got it!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!!!! i hope everyone gets just what they want
whooo!!! got fireside season tix!!! plus a bunch of other fantastic stuff! i love my fam!!
red with hearts!!!!  smile 
long night at work    goin to bed shortly   third again tonight  sad 
anyone play mafia wars on their ipod or iphone??? i have no members   if so recruit me my id # is   0403713841!!! thanx
"whoo! had two days off in a row   getting a brand new 32\ inch tv and we only have pay $170 of our own money for it!! so excited   now i have to do some homework  sad """
happy valentines day everyone!! hope everybody gets lots of <propfemale> and kisses!!!
i can honestly say i am having a fantastic month!
"had a long night on third, but my boys did great!! good night!"
ugh   gotta work third this weekend! not excited at all!!!
"being a nurse means you <propfemale> immense responsibility & very little authority  you step into people's lives& make a difference  some bless you, others curse you  you see people at their worst & best  you see life begin & end  you see people's capacity for love, courage, & endurance  ? it'snurses appreciation week  repost if you are a nurse, love a nurse, and or appreciate a nurse ?"
"just remember   life is not a rehearsal and the camera is always rollin, so do what you want, when you want, with who you want!"
kind of dissapointed with eclipse     they could have done better!!!!
hooray denied!!!!
is ready for my vacation!!!
wow   i am in so much pain it is ridiculous! i want to just curl up and die at this point  ='(
whoo! got a hot new acclaim!! and i'm psyched!
i can't believe our ceiling collapsed !! we're struck!
"so we've cleaned up all our stuff and we only lost some furniture, a subwoofer, and my laptop is laggin! just glad we didn't lose our tv and apple tv!"
<propfirst> is so freakin amazing!!! he pretty much finished up the old apt tonight while i was workin!! he is so awesome and i love him!!! :-*
last night of third is tonight!!! whoo whoo!!!
happy friday the 13th!!!!
just gave myself a lil spa time    facial and a pedi!!!
"haha i know it's horrible but <propfemale> just said and i quote   \i'm the shit!!\"" haha its sooo funny!"""
is angry at the world right now 
long day  not done yet   close though!
anyone goin to the freeport home game     i want a recolrding of the lady gaga show
ready to party tomorrow for my sisters bday!!
busy night at work    i think i'm ready to close lol
whooo!!! i get to meet donatella when i get home!!!!
<propfirst> says   no fist pumps for <propmale> inglesias!
"only an aunt can hug like a mommy, keep secrets like a sister, and love like a friend  if you're an aunt who loves her nieces and nephews, repost this as your status ? "
sister week   ifyou have a sister who has made you laugh    pulled your hair   stuck upfor you    drove you crazy   hugged you   watched you succeed    sawyou fall    picked you back up    cheered you on    made youstrong   and can't do without   copy and paste this  
thanks for all the bday wishes everyone!!! goin out to eat soon   then drinkin legally anyone who wants to come out get at me!!!!
omg!! it was horrible! i got so sick sry to anyone who tried comin out with me i was done by like 1130 lol
"i like it on the floor, next to my couch!!"
"if anyone has called or texted me in the last week, n i didn't answer u sorry my phone was messed up but it's good now!!"
the hardest part of business is minding your own!!!
wow    thought the night was never gonna end! happy to be home snuggled on my new couch!
goin to bed  smile 
pink friday= love!!!
is not feeling very good   wish i could just crawl back into bed for the rest of the day!
morning started out bad   was hoping it would get better as the day went on but doesn't look like it
let's see who is paying attention  every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision  i want you there  i am not only glad to count you as friends but also family  lets see who actually pays attention  copy this as your status just for a minute  i'll be watching to see who really does  <propfemale> family & friendship  thank you for being part of my life  <propfemale> christmas to all
bored    
would like to wish the merriest of <propfemale> christmases to anyone who reads this message! be safe and have a wonderful holiday!
and it begins
thinks i might finally lay down and try and get some sleep   hard to get comfy with my stomach hurtin like it is   o well ill do my best!
first night back to work   done! not hurting too bad   a little sore would have been a lot worse if i wouldn't have had <propfirst> and <propfemale> to help me out! thanks guys
donatella was a rousing success!!! all the kids loved her and <propfemale> was proud to have her aunt at school! lol
gotta love breaks!!!
thank god for my dad and his truck!
all my friends know the low rider   
"<propfirst>'s quote of the day: \shamone' damnit!\"""""
