08369c38e1069c1b488ccc68ad16f250
happy new year to all! woohoo 2010!
i'm engaged! 2010 is going to be an exciting year 
spending time with my fiance!  laugh 
wants a hug from the love of her life!  smile   love 3
tired   long day  chilling with my lover 
nothing to do @ work    soooo bored!
home sweet home!  smile 
i have the best boyfriend in the world  i love you baby!
"i'm so bored i could spin on my head  ugh, whats the point of being here @ work if they have nothing for me to do?!? can't wait till its over on monday  then maybe just maybe i can get a real job and get some money "
graduation is creeping up on me    super excited  a college graduate! weeeee!
team <propfirst> all the way! new <propfemale> premeire tonight    so stoked!
almost done here @ work  thank god!
new <propfemale> was awesome! if you haven't seen it go nao!
went to sacremento over the weekend and came back with a cold    ugh!  finally done with my internship    now to look for a real job 
figuring out life and what it has to offer 
excited for turkey! mmmm i love food  video games and movies all day tommorow  lol  finally a day i can just be lazy 
chilling with my baby   love 
happy turkey day everyone! gobble gobble  love 
black friday=chaos! did you see those lines?
eating leftovers tonight    mmmm yummy!
so much to do     so little time!  annoyed \
got an industrial piercing today   hurt like a mofo! will post up pic's later 
in love with him  love 
ugh    super stressed out  hate finals week 
last week of school     stress! ugh! glad this is the last semester for me 
so i got my portfolio results back today    passed! weeeee! waiting on one more grade and then i'm offically done with school 
finishing up my last final project and then i wait to find out the rest of my grades   gonna be a longggg weekend  haha
finally finished my last final!  smile  i just have to wait now to see all of my grades 
4 0 semester! weeee!
i'm an offical college graduate! yay!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
off to visit the love of my lifes family!
getting ready for the new year!  smile 
2011! yay! officially 4 months 12 days till i get married!  laugh 
 sad  2 weeks till i get my ring back  resizing is a pain 
ugh    super sick  i hate having a cold 
went to look at dresses today and found my dress     weee! super gorgeous and super e playful ensive lol 
"ok guys <propfirst> this down on your calenders     may 13th, 2011 is my wedding day  more info on the location coming soon "
going to check out a location for my wedding on saturday  super excited!
cleaning!!! yay! lol
done with cleaning! spending the rest of my day with my future hubby 
off to bed and then waking up early so i can go check out a possible wedding location 
didn't like the place i saw today    going to check out another some time this week  ?  my fiance 
i get my ring back this saturday!!!! cannot wait!  laugh 
ugh just got back from my piercer    had an infection on my industrial piercing  lots of blood after she sliced open a bubble on my ear  eww  in pain so i'm gonna go lay down 
appointment @ 4pm to see a possible wedding location  hopefully this is the one  super excited   smile 
super excited to say    i found my wedding location! soooo happy    more details to come 
got my ring! yay! didn't have to wait 
not feeling so hot today    its raining and i've got the chills   annoyed \
super sick    fiance got it first and gave it to me  sad 
today is a new beginning for me  out with the old and in with the new  i love my future hubby 
paid off my dress today! wee! waiting till june to get it and then another two months for alterations  so in love with it 
never settle for less   you only live life once!
super bowl sunday tommorrow  yay for all those yummy calories!
packing is so horrible     a full day of it today! yay!
things are moving along quickly with the wedding plans    really crazy how e playful ensive things can get 
all moved in!!! yay!
planning for the future!
love who you are and never lose yourself 
"whats the point of apologizing if you're just going to repeat the same mistake? maybe try saying \i'm half sorry \"" lol i just don't get it anymore """
uh oh   kidney problems  gotta love water   sad 
going to see <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d tonight! super excited   laugh 
graduation ceremony next month    bleh  driving to az is a pain 
cake taste testing tommorrow  yummy!
reserved my cake today and it's super yummy!
planning the wedding    super excited to marry the love of my life   laugh 
happy st  <propfemale>'s day! i can sense hangovers tomorrow  lol
sitting here eating apple sauce wishing it was a nice juicy cheese burger with bacon   lol damn calories!
ugh sick    sore throat with a slight cold   annoyed \
<propfemale> tired   today was rough 
stop trying to be someone you're not     love yourself and others will love you 
happy funny day  i will not believe a word i hear today  lol
happy easter everyone!
wedding plans on hold for now    planning for the az trip for my graduation this month 
fiance brought me home mozzarella sticks from red robin    sooo yummy!  love 33 him!
spending the beautiful spring day with the love of my life   laugh  i'm grateful for him and the love he shows me   love 33
spending the lovely weekend with my one and only  6 more days till graduation! yay!
went to shaver lake today! was cold but fun  spent the day with my lovely 
i can't ever get enough of you!  love 
getting packed  long trip tommorrow 
back from az! graduation was fun  laugh  happy to be  back home 
cleansing my life of all the negative people and negative things  its time for a change 
"22 years i've lived on this earth and 9 months before that i laid in your tummy  you are the greatest mother i know and i thank god everyday for you  you have been there through thick and thin and i love you for it all  i hope you have the greatest mother's day because you deserve nothing but the best   love  \\*happy mommy's day to every mother out there*"
training tommorrow  headed to bed 
if you think with a negative mind    you'll live a negative life!
went to the taste test earlier today for my wedding venue  i'll just simply say     delicious!
"ugh, headed to work and i'm tired as hell  i need some energy dammit  bbl "
super excited to see the decorator tommorrow! eeeeeee!
soooo   sleepy! dentist appointment today  ugh 
had a blast with my lover today!  love  him!
happy fathers day eveyone! i love you dad and i hope you have the most awesome day!  love 
"relaxing from a fun day! work tommorrow, boooo "
eww    feeling icky  might becoming down with something  i need some warm blankets and meds   annoyed \ bleh 
just bought my midnight eclipse tickets!  laugh  yay!
weekend is over   work tommorrow! yay! > >
"work, exercise, then midnight showing of eclipse! woohoo!"
eclipse was sooo much better than new <propfemale> & twilight  < 33333  soooo buying it on dvd 
i get the most worst headaches    ugh 
happy 4th of july to everyone including those that are in the military!  love 3
"headed out to go see despicable me!! \it's sooo flufffyyyy \"" lol"""
tired   it's been a long day!  love 'ing him so much 
i just    love him!  love 
just got back from being on the road    soooo sleepy!
gaming it up until we head out to the b-ball game tonight 
looking forward to the day i get to see forever with you!
going out of my mind here at work    the day is dragging  > >
was surprised by inception     really good movie 
ahhh    hurry up weekend!
i am so glad its finally friday  he makes my life complete!
he makes me smile!  love 
woke up @ 4:45 this morning with a horrible migraine   ugh  gonna game it up before work  joyful 
bought my b-day outfit  joyful  ready to turn 23!
tired    bleh! > >
today is a good day! he's my everything!  love 
having a sore throat is the worst     ugh!
beat tired     i just wanna sleep 
"i love that my birthday is coming up and i wake up feeling like utter crap  dripping nose, throat hurts, and a cough  yay! >_>"
going away for a few days with the fiance! b-day weekend! weeee!  love 
"thanks everyone for the b-day wishes!  love  couldn't have asked for a better b-day  thanks to my love <propmale>, my mom and my dad for making it special!"
utterly in love with him  love 
i r panda bur hear mi rawr!
going to see lie to me tonight!  laugh  treating everyone here!
let me in was sooooo damn awesome  great movie!
engagement photos went amazing  stay tuned   love 
going to a wedding just makes me want to marry him even more  wishing it was sooner!  annoyed 
first halloween in a while since i've gotten a full costume  super excited to wear it!!!  laugh 
"a weekend full of nyquil, a billion tissues and tons of sleep  why do i still feel like crap? =*("
first tattoo! hurt like hell 
it's friday! home early from work   annoyed 
shower then bed   work in the morning!
spending the night watching some football  dad's team against my lover's team  good times! =p
gotta love backstabbing bitches   eh?
"lieing to my face will only make you look dumb when i found out the truth  ?\\it's true what they say   \\\keep your friends close and your enemies closer!\"""""
in two weeks     i will be on board with everyone else! getting a cell phone  lol =p
looking forward to friday already!
men who whine make me laugh  where's their mama when ya need her? lol 
you are my everything!  love 
my condolences to my fiance and his family  r i p grandma <propfirst> 
the greatest gift comes <propfirst> 10th! weeeee!
"if you haven't seen the black swan yet    you are definitely missing out!  love   love   love  \\greatest movie ever!"
sometimes i find myself falling in love with you all over again!  love 
officially 5 years with him  love  and in 5 months i'll be marrying him! how could life get any better? i love you baby 
"to answer the question on everyone's mind     may 13th will be the wedding date!\\ love  you all & wishing you all a happy holidays!"
with a rock like this who needs a wedding  lmao!
i'm soooo ready to get this wedding over with  planning is a bitch 
i love when people get what they deserve  lol  payback is a bitch 
<propfirst> russell             you are my everything!
i've never felt so sick in my life     bleh   sad 
forgiveness      hard but possible 
taking things to a whole new level 
it's a wedding not some random party that you can bring anyone to      > >
invitations     coming soon!  laugh 
3 months    24 days! ahhhh!
i wish you were here right now     i miss you 
so there is this thing called love     and i wish for all of you to e playful erience it 
<propfirst> <propmale> is the best!  love 
<propfirst> <propfirst> thank you for all that you've done and all that you'll ever do for me  i love you!  love 
archer tonight! eeeeeeee!
i just want to be happy with everything     
thank you <propfirst> <propmale> for making my day with your lovely design! it's getting closer to the day that i get to marry my best friend and life partner <propfirst> <propfirst>!  love 
can i trust anyone? geez 
<propfirst> <propfirst> you fail right now   sad 
<propmale> <propfirst> hopper why are you cramping my style?
super bowl sunday = happy carb day! >_>
mucho thanks to <propfemale> chaney beltran & <propfirst> beltran for having us over to watch some football  food was yummy!
busy week! eeeeeep!
addicted to starbucks!!! yum!
he's my heart!  love 
"happy v-day everyone!\\ love  he completes me!  love "
i love spending time with him!
the closer it gets the more excited i get! 5 13 11  love 
i can't get you out of my mind 
wanting new piercings tattoos! have to wait till the wedding is over though  sad 
getting invitations tomorrow! yay! super excited!
i need a vanilla frappucino!  sad  damn you starbucks!
wedding invites mailed out today! can't wait to see everyone!
may needs to come sooner!
getting my dress today  alterations complete  yippee!
"if you have a wonderful man, who helps balance your whole world  who isn't perfect, but is perfect for you  who works hard and would do anything for you  who makes you laugh and drives you crazy, who is your best friend, who you want to grow old with, who you are thankful for everyday, and who you could not live without  brag about him a little and re-post this as your status ? ??"
you earn trust   you don't just get it handed to you! > >
i hate taking tests!  sad 
my cuddle <propmale> is gone so its hard to sleep  i miss you <propfirst> <propfirst>!
test is over   thank god!
bought his wedding band and he bought mine! it's official 
wedding hair trial today! yay!
officially 2 more months! ahhhh!
i'm done with you and i never wanna see your face or talk to you ever again 
the wedding couldn't come sooner!
happy b-day to my father who i've always loved and always will love!
looks like no one from my family will be at my wedding  shows how much they love and support me 
insomnia ftw! > >
april fools is one of the worst days of the year  > > to many lies!
about 5 more things to take care of and the wedding planning will be over! yay!
getting prepared for the big day!
i understand you have an obsession with me and the things that i do    but please do yourself a favor and get a life  k thx!
sunburn!  sad 
going to get my marriage certificate this week! eeeee!
filled out the paperwork for a marriage license     i got all shaky doing it  lol
the stress level of this wedding keeps getting worse  i need a drink 
just got back from getting my marriage certificate! omg suuupppperrrr excited to be his forever and ever!
groom  love  and groomsmen are getting fitted for their tuxes today! excited!
today was very successful! got to spend time with my soon to be father in law and got the tuxes somewhat figured out  i cannot wait to get married   love 
april srsly needs to hurry the hell up 
"he's my best friend, my love, my everything!  love "
finalizing everything with the venue tomorrow  excited!
officially one month away from the wedding! yipppeeeee!
he's amazing!  love 
finally the weekend is here! more time with him!  love 
"family isn't always by blood or dna, it is the people in your life who want you in theirs; the ones who accept you as you are, the ones who would do anything to see your smile and love you with all their heart     re-post if you agree "
picking up his wedding band this week!  laugh 
what a lovely evening with the in-laws!  laugh 
yay!  joyful 
osama got pwnt!
my last full week as a gonzalez  i'm getting nervous now  lol
wedding next week = more stress! ahhh 
one more week! =o
about this time next week i will be feeling massive butterflies in my tummy!
so much to do today       headed out with the lover  love !
what else can go wrong? > >
my cousin from the east coast is flying into fresno today   laugh  wedding is getting closer!
2 nights w o him!  sad 
iz a sad panda  he's gone!
crazy schedule today! ahhh!
i go to bed as a gonzalez & wake up as a <propfirst> ? 5 13 11
this is it      joyful   love 
damn you fb for not letting me change my name  =p wedding is over thank god  now time to pack for the honeymoon!
disney land here i come!  love  first day married!
back from disney   had soooo much fun! now time to chop all this dang hair off    joyful 
i'm blonde   ahhhhh!
changing my last name is sooo much fun! >_> lol
muahaha i beat you fb!
<propmale> <propfirst> hopper & chelley <propfemale> fromm thank you soooo much!  laugh 
to everyone that attended the wedding a big thanks!  love  you all 
