e1eb89c9bbce182ba96d302131c76dc1
i had to create a facebook account for one of my classes   but hell    i'm glad i did now   i see a lot of friends i haven't seen in a while
i'm so freakin' tired     
"i'm tired of waiting for good things to happen for sure, they need to happen now and within reason  like, i want to start my job now   so i have the money to pay the mortgage( misspelling?) on the house i hope to be getting in the next couple of months "
back home   back to school work    aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh
going to bed    gotta be in class all day tomorrow    but my parents will be out here tomorrow night    so i'm excited to see them 
my parents are out visiting and i'm super happy they came
life just might be settling in    one can hope 
waiting to close on our new home    and trying to juggle all the responsibilities of life 
in class    i'm so tired   need energy for the ride home
waitin' to get off work so i can go pick up my clones     the pictures i took this morning make me forget the rough times      happy birthday daddy!
just waitin' for <propmale> to get out of class
these freakin' kids in truancy are nothing but some dead beat punks!  was i ever like this? i hope not
my kids are wild animals!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm so tired      can't wait to sleep
just hangin' eatin breakfast with the boys    watchin' tigger and pooh
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i need sleep!
finally a break from having to travel 3 hours to go to school     next live class is early december    yyyyaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!
boys were super clingy today     i'm sure they'll be glad i have a break from traveling too    
"boys are out of control when i drop them off at preschool     it's starting to make me sad    i know i shouldn't, but, it kinda did today"
"i'm a slacker!  big surprise, right?"
thanksgiving is going to be a little crazy    can't wait
i'm worn the f@@k out!  my throat is killing me and i think i might have to pass on karaoke tonight     ugh!
i feel better!  who knew getting some sleep would help! lol
i can't wait for a little break from school     i'm just feeling a little worn academically
3 week countdown till i get a break from school     non stop assignments until then   you would think that therapy would be less paperwork    but it's not   it's just different 
"aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!  sorry, just needed to get that out   i feel like i'm losing my mind "
final two classes this weekend! finally! a break!
happy new year!!!
i am hella tired right now     but i do have a styling doo
school starts next week and my financial aid won't come for like 2-3 weeks    how am i supposed to buy books        hhhhmmmmm      the system fails again 
"to quote the great socrates, \ i drank what?\""    ok ok   it's not a direct quote"""
well   it's just me and the boys till tomorrow night    i miss <propfemale> already   but   i will get to watch scary movies tonight    yah!!!
national championship tonight     roll tide!  texas doesn't deserve to be in it    nebraska should have won the confrence championship game   mccoy brainfarts and gets bailed out by a bench    luck be a lady for the horns that game   not so much tonight 
someone e playful lain to me why the lakers suck every time i watch them on tv      
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale> "
that last one was for kristin   i'm with it
feeling tired right now    
i hate my school!  they screwed me again!
"i'm not really wanting to do all this reading, but i guess i don't really have a choice  "
almost done with this week's readings     still don't want to do it   would rather be preparing for a weekend in vegas with tina     oh well   maybe next time
random question!  if you were any character ever created through disney     who would you be?
"i drive by southern utah university nearly everyday, and it always makes me miss my undergrad days   you know   when life wasn't as pressing and you could make a foolish mistake or 2 and not be all that troubled about it   oh well   you gotta grow up sometime   much love to everyone who responded to my disney question, and much love to rest of my f b friends and family who didn't   hope everyone has a good weekend "
i need to get back on my game    i'm cutting this assignment kinda close    but then again    who can concentrate     2 years ago today <propfemale> and i said i do!  craziness
i'm sorry to whoever i sent that old friends thing too    it was a set-up   my bad
i'm so very excited! i have money again!  thank you jesus!!!!!!!!!!!
textbook publishers are freakin' scam artists!!!!!!!!!! it just cost me $27 more to get the same book with a new cover    old was out of stock    new was in stock and available now      shisters!
"should be a good super bowl    i'm heading to vegas to watch with turry skupper   should be fun    but that is going to be one long weekend    class in salt lake saturday from 8am-2pm, drive to vegas that afternoon night and then back home sunday night   i'll miss my wife and the boys "
i'm so worn out right now     but open mic was so fun last night!
"it's the return of the   oh wait  he didn't just say what i think he did, did he?"
it's official     i now own a snow shovel   yah me    one more chore   yah me    come join me in my pity party    it's fun    but i only get 5 minutes   and go
"i never knew this before   but wwe <propfemale> the rock just might be a modern day social interactionist   \know your role and shut your mouth!\""  it all makes sense now!"""
so many things to try and plan    too much is happening    my brain feels like shutting down right now    aaaahhhhhh life!
just goofin' off before i gotta get down to doing some work      i have more assignments due this weekend than i thought     if you don't know me   you'll soon discover this is a consistent theme in my life   lol    i'm a little unstable at times  
still no word from terry     may have to change my sb plans
vegas her i come   terry   get away from the mini-bar    i'll walk to the store and get a bigger bottle for half the price      
"what the 2,000 questions to find out nothing about what other people said about you!!!!!!!!!!!???????????"
what a weekend!  there is only one way it could've been better    if i would have placed the bets i was thinking about    i would have come home $1200 richer   but i didn't place any bets   so i didn't come home with any profits   oh well    this weekend was outstanding!  oh yah    i did not find myself vegas drunk    but i was feeling quite good
still trying to recover some lost sleep from this weekend   lol   well worth it
the boys were up early this morning    causing all kinds of crazy     making phone calls    fighting over invisible stuff     just taking time to lay down and scream at the ceiling    and then diving head first into whatever body part gets in their way     ah hell   everyone's wish came true     i got me as a kid times two    except i have two different directions to cover    all my well wishers just had to <propmale> me 
today was a bit calmer from yesterday     the weekend's almost here    long weekend   woo hoo   long weekend
tgif      really looking forward to this weekend
what a great weekend    it was so nice to see my family   spend time with all of them   i'm so wiped out right now   on our way back something happened to our brake system   it's all good now   but it was kind of stressful to have it happen on our way back from ca 
<propfemale> says i watch too many violent shows     i keep telling her   i can either live vicariously through others violent tendencies    or   act out my own    lol  j k   i never said that to her   but i do think it helps me vent aggression by watching people kick each others a$$es    and get paid for it 
"i've decided i need to jump on the diet craze!!!! i'm starting a new age plan   it's so crazy it just might work   ready    stop eating all the crap    put down the whopper, drink more water, excercise, play more basketball, excercise"
"thank you everybody for supporting my new diet movement, today was a successful start    i think   i did have a couple slices of leftover pizza but we needed to make room in the fridge"
i'm a total screw-up    i just pulled a total bone head move    why did i think i could help two friends through a misunderstanding and remain neutral      stupid!!!!!  don't treat friends   don't treat friends
ok   i'm better now   had a crazy weekend!  i'm good    just want to thank <propfirst> for the dose of sanity during my crazy weekend
ok   treatment plan has been submitted   videotaping for my project is this weekend   i gotta get ready for my practicum readiness seminar    present my project   one class down   one to go    keeping my fingers crossed that my streak of a's continues 
wow! it is so nice to not be stressing over school work    i'm in a good place right now   i think i'll take advantage and goof off
started my pursuit of a practicum site today    got some good leads   gotta make a lot of cold calls   i'm a little nervous   but i'm anxious to get this matter settled
got some promising news about a possible practicum site    still need to make calls   really   i've made no progress since yesterday   but   i'm going to make some progress eventually
drama! ruled my world last night      crazy neighbors!  whole lot of destruction done by one raging drunkard    lunacy!
big presentation tonight    half the video didn't record   i was told of this fact at like 10 smile 0pm last night    i'm feeling a little flustered   plus i have a practicum readines seminar that is extremely crucial to my immediate future     ugh
"we're halfway home on getting approved to start my practicum   gotta turn in a treatment plan     but the clinical director seems a bit off kilter, if you know what i mean   but   hopefully he gives me the green light   otherwise   he's just jealous of how awesome my treatment plans are!   lol"
aaahhhh!!! i finally quenched a 3 month long craving    aaahhh    a nice sushi lunch   so worth it
suishi again today! i'm on a roll   lol
ok! go see <propfemale> in wonderland in 3d      i'm diggin' it    it's darker   johnny depp as the mad hatter   awesome portrayal
school this weekend    first lecture day of human sexuality    i'm excited to see just how many people blush when they have to say the word penis
dls is not my hero right now    i could use the extra hour
happy st  <propfemale>'s!
"feeling relieved, i just sent the payments in to empty all my credit cards   woo hoo"
"hold on! did you just call me an ox moron? you can't say that to me! (reply) no! i said oxymoron, you know, two things that mean the exact opposite, like military intelligence, shmuck "
i'm back     been a long time since i posted     nothing great to say   but hello!
the boys survived their first night in big boy beds    of course <propmale> slept half the night on the ground  but they seem to enjoy being out of their bedtime cages  lol
kinda bored right now   not much to do   just chillin' at work   need a night out with <propfemale>
"this is my last weekend of school for this semester   then i'm on break till may 10th   does that mean i can fall over and die now?  my term one teacher ruined my perfect gpa     i'm pissed   a freakin' a-, get me a break     just give me the a"
"upcoming semester is going to be busy, plus add to that that i'll be starting  practicum     it's going to be interesting"
"feeling good about <propfemale>'s successful surgery, yesterday was a long day     now she's resting and recovering   my wife is such a wonderful and strong woman   i'm sure she'll be up and running by saturday "
thank you jesus!
ready for the weekend!
i'm confused
"<propfemale> is going to be here today, should be good times and lots of laughs "
"so, karaoke was pretty fun last night   everyone participated    we even had a cameo from <propfemale> and bryan   good times     golden girls reunion tonight! <propfemale> la fiesta"
snow?! really? end of april snow!?  i'm trippin'
"i have so many random movie qoutes running through my head right now, if there was only some kind of outlet in which i could share them with everyone   wait"
i'm ready to go golfing! anyone want to join me saturday?
man! i've talked to alot of friends from cali in the last few days    i'm trying to figure out a good time to go    hang in there peeps   i'm workin on something
"ok  so i found out today that my financial aid should be coming on the first day of school, however, i still need the books, soon "
"freakin' kids! they just can't get to class on time!  man, that means i really have to do something tomorrow"
two no shows! why would you think you could get away with ditching truancy if your in because you got caught ditching classes?  duh
"like a ninja of love, from up above, you repelled into my heart"
"hey guys, you ready to let the dogs?  who let the dogs out   woo, woo, woo-woo"
school days return    bring on the stress
"thanks to everyone who remembered my birthday, you have all helped to make it a great day!"
vegas my birthday was outstanding!!!!
ok   for everyone that missed back to back x's for eyes shows   you missed out
thanks everybody!
lets talk creepy cartoons   anyone remember mr  ts allstars?  how bout mask?
"random movie quote time!!!!!   \be excellent to each other    and party on dudes!"""
there is so much i cannot even begin to e playful lain what is going through my head at this very moment
"random thought attack!  just read my little profile quote thingy   as upset as i was with a previous employer, two things have stuck with me and i find myself making reference to it alot      your perception is your reality and everytime you point a finger, there are three more pointing back at you "
"is it right to be pissed off when a guy who can't even get his stuff together treats you like your wasting his time?  or when that same guy lectures you on a topic in which he doesn't even successfully model how it's done   i'm just saying   don't frown down on my cuz i don't have my phd     a doctorate doesn't make you any better at a craft that is 75% <propmale>, 20% science, and 5% outside factors    get over yourself"
i'm sitting on the edge of a spectacular situation   just need to find a few more pieces to make this puzzle it's true vision   watch out world   new beginnings academy is about to blow up and make a giant impact on southern utah    oh did i mention   therapeutic services director is going to be this really cool guy      
preparing for an electrifying future
one step closer!
"rest in peace <propmale>, you will be missed"
time to do work    and get prepared for what's to come
"i got knocked out, but i'm good   live to fight another day "
da bears baby!!!!! last undefeated in the nfc
to javier: if you spent more time appreciating hard fought battles instead of hating on other's good fortunes you might forget that your team sucks badly    sucks    only undefeated team left in the nfc   love you bro   but don't start talkin trash on the bears  it only leads to bad things  lol
training
back to the gym next week!
adolescent and teenage angst just makes me want to slap some since into these kids   
wow  
i wonder what freud would think about someone who had a dream that they were dreaming that the had a dream   sounds confusing   but that is exactly what happened to me last night   i was so messed up when i woke up that i still had to wonder if i was still asleep and just dreaming of another dream      aaahhhhh
wow   i got a whole lot of response to yesterday's post   maybe i should share my wierd e playful eriences more often
you know what i hate   when you see an old friend from your past and they look great   and you begin to examine your own life and have to wonder if they think the same thing when they saw you   like   do i look great in comparison to the way i used to  or am i looking tore back these days
i have nothing to say today   or at least at this very moment   don't ask me why i posted this
when lord when? when's it going to be my turn!?
running on fumes today    graveyard shift to supervision breakfast to clinic hours to school job to group therapy    whew   thank goodness for rockstar
job interview next wednesday!!!! here's hoping somebody wants to hire me on full-time!
did we just become best friends!?
"it's not illegal, it's just frowned upon  like masturbating on an airplane "
so it has started to snow in cedar city     dang it!
will be a rolling party tonight    mike's b-day   then slc bound for class and a presentation i would rather not do    hhhmmm   
good news everybody! i survived the weekend!  i had my doubts about that
it's days like this when i'm feeling so dog tired that i miss being punched in the face for money   lol
"i was told in a job interview that there was a potential to get punched in the face by adolescent kids acting out in a psychiatric facility     who cares   i volunteered to have a 250 pound guy do the same thing to me     i'm not worried about that, i wish they would quit focusing on it like it's supposed to scare me"
"sending out xmas cards, if you want one message me your address"
there are some things happening in the world today that just aren't right    and i'm kinda pissed about it    don't ask for details
looking forward to a little bit of a break!
happy holidays!
feeling angsty and tired
had a wonderful day celebrating my sweetie's bday   hope it was a good one for you baby!  i love you
"after having two weeks of a pretty normal schedule, i realize how much my usual schedule sucks!!!!!"
been working since 2 smile 0 this morning      ready to relax
today i celebrate 3 wonderful years of marriage   i love you baby!
"i hate drama, especially the useless kind"
"my thought for the day annoyed communication is a two way street, if the traffic coming towards you is too scary, maybe you should get off the road "
"my thoughts for the day annoyed 1 ) when faced with adversity, is it really possible to pretend that it's not there? \2 ) is it possible to argue with someone who's not listening?\3 ) if padded rooms were made to keep people from hurting themselves, why do those who belong in one insist that others come with them?"
"superbowl reflections annoyed 1 ) i hate the packers!\2 ) glee girl and xtina were horrible with the opening performances\3 ) the peas were ok, i guess\4 ) the packers were the better team, but, i still hate them"
beware of bigfoot!
oh my god!  i just realized i am a jersey shore fan
thank you snitchuation and the slopatartamus
loling all over myself   i love my wife
cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children  no one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins  even if you haven't talked much lately   re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world  much love to all my wonderful cousins!!
"i'm hoping to have my full time job soon, interviewed today, supposed to find out by friday     wish me luck "
i got it!
"stage one is over, now we're kick starting labor"
"getting ready to break her water in a little bit, could be the home stretch"
"water broken, we are moving now!"
"we are having to do a c-sect, posts will continue"
6 lbs 5 ounces   19 5 inches
"thanks everybody!  <propfemale> is doing great, <propfemale> is doing great, and us boys are good too"
"<propmale> and <propfirst> just met <propfemale>, they are not interested at all"
watching night at the roxbury    thinking about some fun times with stoopid
we are home!
