e67f8d8e18840b928818c062b9d26543
facebook is so lame    
its about beer thirty
"uh oh gonna be a long night, going out drinkin "
is ready for nfl sunday
"what a weekend of football!! screw the gators, screw the longhorns  cant wait for it all again next weekend "
monday????? i say we do away with monday's 
"has it not rained in sac for like a year or something, whats the deal with everyone?? its like rain comes once a year thing out there!"
is going to the no  5 boise st  vs  tu game  upset alert?? go hurricane's!!!!
"is disapointed there was no upset tonight, but still an awesome game "
"is thinking, wow the new england patriots is out of control right now, 5 touchdowns in 1 quarter for <propmale> <propmale>!!!! 45 to 0 in the first half "
gotta love sundays
"monday night football, watch it, awesome game"
happy nattynight everyone!!!
"game time, colts vs  pats woot woot  biggest game of the year so far!!!!! go colts!!!"
go to my <propfemale> to add me in mafia wars 
ohhhhh we got a game now baby!!!!!! come on peyton!!!!
"holy crap, colts you are amazing!!!!!!!!"
9-0
uhhh ohhh
gotta love goose the grey
<propfirst> hag <propfirst> needs help to fight off an ultra-national gang in mafia wars: moscow 
gotta click on yesturdays post todays did not go up
"<propfirst> hag <propfirst> needs help to fight off an ultra-national gang in mafia wars: moscow  click on yesturdays, todays didnt post!"
wait    what do you mean its dead??
coach not only will i do it for you i    i    i     yes yes i will do it for you 
gotta be clear!
"hahahaha cowboys's suck!!! poor <propfirst> jones, looks like it might be an off-season of restucturing!"
almost divisional championship sunday
this place stinks like old cheese  <propmale> made cereal with that milk this morning!!!
you have to see this! a simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage! http annoyed  broughttoyou org failedcompetition
"lebron hahaha, im sick of hearing about him! hey! the celtics got the win, shut up about lebron "
all i have to say is gooooooooooooooooose!!!!
la laker show tonight!
"well well what a game 1 we have going so far, looks like its gonna be a watch every second series "
ko be   bry ant  looks like back to back rings for the lakers!!!
lakeshow!!
"and they take game 3 in boston, go lakeshow!!"
"back to back, back to back, back to back"
oh my god <propmale> did you just eat sofa pizza?
"back from kansas city, had a lot of fun "
oklahoma humidity is disgusting 
gotta love a case of the vodca guts 
"better out than in, i always say"
gotta love the 12 hour work day 
working in 2 different houses with no ac today is epic 
"inception, 2 and a half hours long, and i just wished it kept on going!!"
"all i need is to have a good time, the good life"
"seriously, could we just wipe mosquitos off the face of the planet!"
oohhhhhhhhh    the bg's
to see you when i wake up is a gift i didnt think could be real
"4th day in a row of a full round of golf, i cant wait!!"
"they can take our lives, but not our freedom! it's weird how ppl turn out to be crazy "
"golf 10 out the last 11 days, plus 112 degrees today, im done for   "
i have to return some video tapes 
ssssssookie is becoming more and more annoying and stupid 
this may sound crazy to some but i think the u s  is headed towards another civil war   
"im gonna be a bit to optimistic here, but 49ers this year nfc west champs, i think so "
half way to sac  gonna be a fun weekend 
"no more fun, no more fun "
"i have one question, what happened last night?"
back to oklahoma    bunk  had am awesome time in cali 
ggoooooodddbbbyyyyyyyyeeeeee nice to know you
"i havent felt the way i feel today in so long, its hard for me to specify "
senses fail    rules!!!
"so i ate a lot of cheese, how much is too much cheese?"
wine in a can
"saw something like 10 minutes ago i havent seen in  quite a while a beer run, while i was buying beer  lol it was crazy the owner ran after the kid with a bat but he got away, it was crazy "
<propfemale> wie is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo hot
yeah i sorta super glued myself too      myself
"how could i be pregnent?\well are you a virgin?\no \well then you could be pregnent "
hungry
"a warepanther, seriously trueblood writers   "
"flip flip flipedelphia, flip flip flipedelphia"
what am i doing at a karaoke bar right now? hahaha oh good times on t town 
does anyone have a fantasy league that could use another? please let me know 
gotta love waking up at 4 smile 0 in the afternoon 
"oh yeah thats right ladies and gentleman its here, its time, are you ready                       college football baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
how could they start the season out better that the vikings vs  saints? thank you nfl 
i hit flop shots farther than that son 
i like cookies 
how awesome was home alone 
boomer!!!
i dont think i hate anything more than texas 
"retrofit the pudding hatch\with the boink swatter"
sunday sunday sunday!!!!!!
"come on colts you can do it, lets go peyton!"
down go the cowboys!!!!! hahahahahahahahaha i love it!!!!!!
great weekend of football
"ha, chargers    "
please i really want to know if you like <propfemale> palin or not even if you dont really know me just let me know do you like <propfemale> palin or not!
stay <propfemale> philidelphia 
<propfemale> is back and as great as ever!
"the league on fx, watch it!!!"
"get rid of your cat   and no, it's not different, its just like every other cat "
"learn to work the toilet seat;  if it's up, put it down \if you ask a question you don't want an answer to, e playful ect an answer you don't want to hear \sunday = sports   it's like the full <propfemale> or the changing of the tides  let it be \ask for what you want   subtle hints don't work "
"otta root for peyton, i mean there is really no choice!!"
well first 2 plays colts looking great as always
and the colts are looking like champs yet again 
"there's genius' like einstein and da vinci, then there is peyton manning wow!"
(really loud deep voice)  gggooooooooooooorrrreeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes 2 point conversion gooooooooooood!
"come on niners, what are you doing?? 42 pass plays, and 15 rushes, did you know you have <propfirst> gore  get it together wow "
"roads, where we're going we dont need roads "
munday nit fffitbaaahhh
"packers are really killing themselves penalties, might be winning by much more if not for the lack of discipline "
"the scariest part of halloween, having to give away all your reese's "
"kansas city, here i come!"
boomer
moss going back to the vikings!!!!!
"have the called any designed jump pass plays, with their position athlete player?"
there is just to much offense in tonights nlds game   
nvm there we go giants
gotta love seeing double
gators lose!!! gators lose!!!   <propmale> is more!!!
rivera!!!!!
yanks win yanks win!!!!
"how do i feel about losing, its like if <propfirst> phelps came out of retirement, jumped in the pool, belly floped, and drowned!!"
belveder!!!!!!!
how did 2 3's of the monday night football gang pick the cowboys to win tonight are you kidding me!!!!!
taken down notre dame!!!!
"longhorns drop 3 in a row, <propfirst> griffin iii"
ducks love eating trojans!
thinking about changing my dogs name to <propmale> posey
remember the time i spilled the cup of apple juice in the hall
"get in the kitchen, its national make men dinner day!!!!"
in a time of chimpanzees i was a monkey
one word    lakers!!!!
i woke up this morning and found that someone had craped in my pants    
"it's gonna take at least a hundred grand, to get the son of a preacher man   "
go pokes!!!!
can someone please tell me why its 79 degrees in oklahoma right now on nov 24 
"energizer <propfemale> arrested, charged with battery"
you know rabbit a good cop really doesnt know why he does anything   
christmas vacation is classic!
"lakers lose vujacic, and pick up veteran <propfirst> smith hopefully he can bring down low "
"so, let me get this straight - <propfirst> <propmale> is getting his 8th divorce, elizabethtaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time, <propfemale> spears had a 55 hour marriage  <propfirst> <propfirst> and tiger woods are screwing everything, yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage?? really? really   ?? repost to your <propfemale> if you agree - proud to support equal rights for all"
what im looking for    can not be sold to me   
these pretzels are making me thirsty    
i'm leavin on a jet plane 
it's gonna be a white christmas 
good googlely mooglely that thang is juicy 
"somebody call a whambulance for the tennessee quarterback, haha, just like tebow     what a finish to a game though best bowl game yet!!"
wow why has no one been talking about this kid tyrod <propfirst> till now? maybe its because espn runs everything and only talks about who the want to sell   
"i personally like gingers, soullessness and all!"
peyton manning is my hero!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its time
man i hate <propmale> musburger!
i'm not a player i just crush a lot 
it's what the french call a certain    i don't know what 
just shoveled the neighbors drive way in only 2 hours lol 
"post game is still on, yet football withdraws are already setting in   "
melo to the lakers talks!?!?!
he'll beat ya uglyer than you are now!!
it's a warm -5 right now 
the hideousness of that foot will haunt my dreams forever
just now realizing what am i gonna do?!!??!! no football today!!!!!
"ok so i thought the country was in the crapper, but now its official, why is <propfirst> bieber playing in the allstar celebrity basketball game??!!? what a joke,"
boomer!!
im in love with my stalker
"pretty much, nein!!, guacamole & cream cheese!"
oh yeah made it home fine last night 
"sitting at social security admin office, almost as bad as the dmv, but much cleaner "
"i'm bi-winning, i win here, i win there!"
skinny jeans      ?!?!?!??!?
i'm gonna get you   
"all is right in the world, as the heat lose again   "
"tressel suspended 2 games, <propfemale> qb, <propfemale> rb, and 3 others suspended 5 games, buckeys not looking good for next season "
"bracket time, got some studing to do "
take your stinking paws off me you damn dirty ape!!
so i know this will sound horrible but i hope <propmale> beck dies a really really bad death!
"wow this butler, pitt game is gonna kill me!!!"
butler is gonna do it again    
"we will not go quietly into the night, we will not vanish, we will survive"
butler!!!!!
this stuff is chess not checkers
well 38 minutes till the start of baseball season 
