cc57f45f99e242a4b1455b5dffd731d7
"won my 1st muchkin game ever, and <propmale> has never been angrier! haha!"
happy new years!
1st day of 2011   i'm untire unsure of what's in store
new profile   hoping to keep this a little on the dlow   hi guys!
good night all
yes!  just been hired at game stop!  how awesome is that!  video games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so anxious for tomorrow    
"today, at 2pm, i become part of the system once again        "
omg     harlequin character for assassins creed!!!!
memorized a little more of hms pinafore than she thought    yay!
intercourse with instruments   this is what our conversations come down to
was glad for the chilly weather today
rally to restore sanity and or fear!!!!!!
<propfirst> and <propfirst> from myth busters at rally!!  sweet!!
"jets!!!  *darth vader no!!!*   oh, and happy halloween everyone!"
oh halloween   why must you be but once a year?
first day of work   good day   havent touched so many games in my life    
wants to travel with the doctor  
happy birthday to november people!  yay you!
doom 64: absolution on pc:  so beautiful    it makes me want to weep like a baby
rehearsal went well   may consider taking opera classes  
"quick break from performing  going well, yay!"
omg steak!!
nom
another performance at 7 smile 0 tonight!  who do i see becoming a square     
woo opera
more opera!!  next thurs mosarts requiem!  this makes life a little more enjoyable
can't wait for the next doctor who chritsmas special!!!!  hurry up!!!!!!
"last day of opera, yay   ready for requiem!  watching the three doctors"
was watching the three doctors   damn you comcast!!
a little sad that the opera is now over  but now its time for requiem!  very much excited!
"i love working in a video game store   even if there isnt much else to do but talk games n_n    \cant wait for this thursday!  hurray for requiem!!!!!   surprise   surprise  n_n"
my room is the coldest room in the house   two quilts   so cold   sort of   why am i awake??
"woo, choir rehearsal tomorrow!  also, what's with the scottish person in my head?"
rehearsal break: 100x more in love with requiem now!!
photo shoot today!  whee!! n_n
"going to work on music, happy with some of the pics i saw, not ashamed my music doesn't have a large audience   i can hype myself up, but do i need to?  in its own way, it speaks for itself   never minded having listeners, but i shant be pompous"
miss collbing music wise
every morning it seems i want to wake up less and less    hm 
hiccups  this early in the morning   
trying to enjoy human contact while being annoyed with it is quite the task  
"fear factory - better listened to at night, driving   quite the spacey feel"
"way too many cookies last night         8 constitutes as way to many, right?  it should  "
i dont like coke!!!!!!
so much american dad!!
o ~             was supposed to be a musical note    can you kinda see it?
needs more minions   
peggle for 3+ hrs
great start to gamers   mm's meh cover of eurythmics   
i hear creeping      
could have been a little brighter in my head
"don't listen to my song everthing comes out at night with your eyes closed, i apparently maybe stab you"
"bj beavers, cade and <propmale> are coming over!  woooooooo! *burritto dance*"
"needs to live where i can make more moneys and make more musics and go to a shit load of shows and have my world domination tea parties!!  i am always recruiting for that, ladies and gents n_n"
lady paranioa   i like this n_n
correction: paranoia   its still good damnit!
off to me dads
happy thanksgiving everyone!!!!!!!
"lol, totally not amused, and shall not let a thing ruin as happy as i've been today, spending it with my closest family members   \don't bring me dooooowwnn!!!!\"""""
today   for the most part wasn't bad   gods my coworkers are suck slackers  playful 
i like the sweet kind of girls who talk to you despite being a complete nerd loser
jeep has a call of duty black ops vehicle
psych is randomly an awesome show
and pushing daisys
feels like playing some old school pokemon
gin
thought about making a little comic about a lesbian who is awkward around girls
fear factory always makes me feel better
suppose i need to study up on the wow cataclysm e playful ansion since i work on the release for it      *cries*
omg jesus camp   lol
i need a recording studio     in my house  
how will today be  
poor <propfirst> favre   you're just too old now    
slow    slow day    
happy birthday december peoples!!!
went to got be social at ualr choir room    sort of   social with people i know  
"just a little bit longer at work, then home, woo"
"tonight, choir rehearsal   right now, getting pissed of at google search   too long has it failed me     "
i hate having to write christmas lists   i dont ever know what i want   
vahalla rising - watch it 
"holy crap, just saw a full trailer for thor!!!!  i want thor!!!!!!!"
"had a good day at work   hopefully, tomorrow will go just as well n_n"
is tired of sides being taken without stories being heard   dont believe that makes a good freind  
"elder scrolls v, biatches!!"
"though they don't do it anymore, everyone should watch morel orel "
random truth:  i don't interact with people enough to figure out if i really like them   people make me too nervous 
has an idea in mind for this particular song     shall rap influence the lyrics and their rhythm?
"finished a couple more songs, good start to the day n_n"
best movie title ever: suspicious river
"for everything i take joy in, you protest   everything i love, you hate   everything i fear, you indulge in   and the one thing i want to know is, why have you been here so long?"
"getting drunk, appartently adorable"
"woke up at 5 smile 0, no hangover   if there is one thing i like about myself, it's how quickly i recover from a night of drinking"
"ahoy!!  so, i have converted a few of my songs to mp3   i'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason   so, i will be sending people a disc of my little demo for anyone who wants one!  all you have to do is email me your home address (wont be shared with anyone!) and i will happily send you a free demo!!\contact me for more info!"
"also, each demo will most likely include <propmale> work, individual of each disc"
"ahoy!! so, i have converted a few of my songs to mp3  i'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason  so, i will be sending people a disc of my little demo for anyone who wants one! all you have to do is email me your home address (wont be shared with anyone!) and i will happily send you a free demo!! contact me for more info! each demo will include <propmale> work, individual of each disc, hand drawn by me"
"ahoy!! so, i have converted a few of my songs to mp3  i'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason  so, i will be sending people a disc of my little demo for anyone who wants one! all you have to do is email me your home address (wont be shared with anyone!) and i will happily send you a free demo!! contact me for more info! each demo will include <propmale> work, individual of each disc, hand drawn by me"
"ahoy!! so, i have converted a few of my songs to mp3  i'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason  so, i will be sending people a disc of my little demo for anyone who wants one! all you have to do is email me your home address (wont be shared with anyone!) and i will happily send you a free demo!! contact    me for more info! each demo will include <propmale> work, individual of each disc, hand drawn by me"
it's not often you come home to a boxer on your couch n_n  at least he's sweet so far
"ahoy!! so, i have converted a few of my songs to mp3  i'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason  so, i will be sending people a disc of my little demo for anyone who wants one! all you have to do is email me your home address (wont be shared with anyone!) and i will happily send you a free demo!! contact       me for more info! each demo will include <propmale> work, individual of each disc, hand drawn by me"
wonders what happened to all the time in december   just didnt seem to last long enough
"not looking forward to how busy work will be today  sad   i guess at least, i wont be bored "
watching the lunar eclipse!!!
tonight!!!!  lunar eclipse!!  midnigt!!!  join me under the <propfemale> n_n
"but for now, soon to be off to work "
okay  upset its too cloudy to watch eclipse    was totally looking forward to it 
"common sense, to me, dictates that if one does not have both sides of a story, one should remain silent before forming a semblance of logical opinion   untill then, mind your own damn business "
got called into work on day off  sad   hope i still get to do shopping  
woo work: busy enough
"oh december - you disappeared to so fast, it is almost christmas    what happened to all the time?"
"hopes he finds another girls, stops acting like a bitter selfish child, and moves on with his life "
cadaverific
teamfourstar com
"ahoy!! so, i have converted a few of my songs to mp3  i'm not able to send them via email for whatever reason  so, i will be sending people a disc of my little demo for anyone who wants one! all you have to do is email me your home address (wont be shared with anyone!) and i will happily send you a free demo!! contact me for more info! each demo will include <propmale> work, individual of each disc, hand drawn by me"
my grandmothers going to be here today!!  n_n
also!  <propfemale> yule and xmas to everyone!!!
hope everyone had a lovely xmas n_n
woo!!  18 degrees farenheit this morning!!
my sister is married n_n
yay d&d game!!
i don't know what to do for new years <propfemale>   
"\life is only a dream in which we are an imagination of our selves\"""""
2011     maybe its the good luck food  
"spent most of my morning awake blowing my nose, i and i still can't breathe    *pout*"
some of the drawings i'll be posting may be some demo <propmale> work some people get with thier cd's n_n
i have a cello n_n
more d&d!!  more d&d!!!
"a week full of decay and illusion   i must steal away, to steel myself from this plague"
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
yay showers!!
"had a lovely time going to lunch with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propmale>"
"though our d&d game is quite interesting,especially with our party, it is a pretty fun game, and am eager to further the story"
playing pokemon in the snow n_n
decorating the snow with red
"had an awesome snow ball fight, pegging both <propfirst> and <propmale> ruthlessly! mwahahahaha!!"
"at least it snowed   still, i will be sad to see it melt"
"\     like someone broke up with stalin  \"""""
suicide is painless  smile 
hms pinafore:  fri 2pm and 7pm!!!!  ualr classical channel!!  watch!!
onion soup
happiness is a selfish act
i realize that i seem insane n_n
i think there's a slight correlation between the <propmale> horror picture show and <propfemale> autumn
"a virgo is a virgo, is a virgo, and evermore a virgo"
exam - watch it
"how do other women feel, knowing that general evils in the world are ours to <propfemale>, according to man?"
myspace com paranoiapam
"has taken a step back, seen what she needs to see, and knows now what she doesnt have to wish she knew then"
www myspace com paranoiapam
www myspace com paranoiapam
wonders what kind of people will like them     
feels a slow decay  
is history repeating??  lets sit back and watch  
my other identity is <propmale>
hooray   
myspace com paranoiapam
its sleeting   i wonder if it will freeze tonight
"\i didn't know my penis would detach from my body and kill people!!\"""""
ink - this must be watched
thoroughly enjoyed rehearsal today
i have a hermit crab crawling around in my hood
hermit crab is asleep in hoodie n_n
alcohol: best first drink of the day  
today    hm  
"*sniffle* blue and green dread: must have   question is, do i want to make them myself, or pay for someone elses   "
a bag of cheerios for a happy heart  
what truly defines a good person?  i know for certain it is not i
"does it mean anything, necessarily, if your first boyfriend  was is pretty much a psychopath?"
at least i'm not so far gone i play with my own feces   
needs to cut back on the foods      annoyed   meh  
why is it 65 and its still winter     yay headaches  
"so far, dead space 2 is a sexy game"
i'm aware my pet peeves make me seem like a bitch 
gah!!!  what's wrong with you i'd!!!?  why can't you make a doom game with a good story and game play!!!!!!!!!  stop making us doom people sad and make a worthy of our staggering fandom!!!  rage better be good   
we only know we did this to ourselves
"sometimes we need to hear the truth   so i ask everyone i know to tell me one, stab you in the face thing about me you don't like "
asteroid pooper!  wtf  
*sigh*  hungry  wondering if i'm still going to my dads  annoyed 
no dads today  annoyed 
happy birthday january people n_n
blood oranges
play epic dungeon   when you kill things it sounds like pillow fights n_n
let us all hope for those who need it most today
adventuring with my sister n_n
"correction:  adventuring with my sister, tofu n_n"
ooooooooooh     no sleep tonight    sad 
"tired of all these hoes, man  "
"icy patches on road   yay    let's be careful, <propfemale>?"
"happy place, happy place"
"*bites off finger* \stop having sex with my wife!!!!!*"""
40 hours of no sleep and finally getting tired    a little 
"who should ever have to be around someone who doesn't consider you a person, and likely won't treat one as such?"
its snowing!!!  yay!!
"is it normal to get excited everytime you hear europe's \the final countdown\""?"""
<propmale> <propmale> needs to be 47
   where shadows walk on their own   
never been to flying saucer before   
just thinks its funny    that's all  
happy birthday february people!
captain <propfemale> and thor!!!!!!
so much subway today   
who wants to play in the snow? n_n
"\i remixed a remix   it was back to normal\"""""
need more type o negative in my life  
yay minecraft n_n
 annoyed    i refuse to be this hungry this early   
i wish there was a way to keep snow without it taking up room in te freezer  annoyed 
it is way to nice outside for just being snowed in a couple days ago   but who can complain n_n
i want to harvest clouds
curse those pk fire spammers  
so    laptop charger fried   no computer means no working on music until i get a new one  sad ((((
muffin brigade
good morning to all
made french toast today n_n
"if you accomplish reaching a lvl where everone wants something from ou and its no longer about the music, you can either accept it and moving on; realizing it won't change   or you can throw away your happiness just coz extra was asked of you and its not going our way   selfishness   sickness: very different"
to be humble: i think some forget that humility can get you farther than pretentiousness
its final   i'm in love with mozarts requiem
i would marry h  <propfirst> benjamen for his voice   awesome 
for those who have decided they are better than every one else:  have a nice day n_n  you'll need it
its always disappointing when your favourite musicians turn out to be douches   
glooming
march 7th:  mozarts requiem 7 pm 10$!!! robinsoin centre!!! go!!!!! you can never see aso and a choir for ten dollars!  go!  see us!!  you will enjoy it!!!!!
there's a particular quote from the joker that i feel sums up most of what's going on inside here      
happy birthday february people!
atleast i can say i'm not near pretty enough to have creepy people after me
choir hag
rain shortened park time  annoyed 
rtsp annoyed  v7 cache6 c youtube com cjgleny73wialwn-wmmpdf5lzbmyesarfeijbxytz29vz2xlsarsb3jlc3vsdhngwpewqykg1fnlda= annoyed 0 0 0 video 3gp
25 new txts on my phone when i wake up   not doing this    
burlesque    not going to see the movie    juit another can of worms
"wants to buy a set of dread falls in the near future     however, who do i buy from?  haven't figured out what style of dreads i want, but i know the colours n_n"
"wonders if i will decide to sell the lastest set of cyber falls i'm making, all in all?"
"had my first cello lesson!!!  now i must practice, practice, practice!"
my social efforts are full of fail
ingenuine in the eyes of others    *shrug*
"typically, no one is to blame      sometimes being social just drives me insane   "
good morning
march 7th: mozarts requiem 7 pm 10$!!! robinsoin centre!!! go!!!!! you can never see aso and a choir for ten dollars! go! see us!! you will enjoy it!!!!!
had a an awesome day today   will probably sleep as though dead tomorrow
inadequate
: the only consistancy in a life of inconsistancies
correction:  the only constant in a life of inconsistancies
"i want a room full of people dressed morbidly victorian, ballroom dancing to lachrimosa dies <propfemale>"
ugh      welcome to allergy and cold season    
alone
damned allergies!!  why did ou have to pop up righty before requiem concert!!!!?!!!??  *cries*
"i think i feel proud of myself for requiem tonight   despite having a cold allergies, i sang my heart out, entirely in love with this piece   i feel sad its over, but happy nonetheless"
aaaaah     rain day and pkmn white n_n
bridge on cello back on   back to full on practicing n_n
hell is the smoking room of the universe
what could cnn possibly want with e a     
is it really ignoring if you don't feel like talking to many people?  is it even really so bad?
"\let the 'whoredom' begin\"" *bows*"""
took me a week to get to victory road   i like my team in white
"how quickly \friends\"" do turn    """
"pokemon white, syfy, sgu, and cello:  all i need today"
"wolves, is all they are     run       run       they will never cease   "
"job interview tomorrow, hooray!"
"in the end, its your life: f 'em all!"
i'm a bit yellow green but i'd rather be blue
hope i get this job   i don't mind working 4am to 8am
really want to post this drawing    but a fractured hand may keep me from finishing it tonight   
"as a norwegian, i remember all the <propfemale> run underground   happy st pattys day"
"go to your profile  the first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?  i have <propfemale> kt toomer, autumn mikita, <propfirst> hawley, and <propfemale> edelen  "
barely a residency in ones own house   hmm  
"destination truth in ireland, searching for banshee!  join us!"
out to look for a job again  annoyed 
can't wait for tonights full <propfemale>
need to remember my pw for twitter   what a waste
woke up to a beautiful day   let's us hope it stays that way
don't need to worry about theives breaking in when you have thieves living with you
"still, a gorgeous day  "
you know?  it really figures   > annoyed 
"looking over shoulders, wandering eyes, got to know their business; disgusted, yet laughing"
"its not always our fault they abandom us  when you step back and look it, they never thought we were human "
today is full of frowns  
"just have to be better than everyone at everything, don't you?"
i don't care what anyone says: i love <propfirst> bravo
"whoa! you have a face??  you mean, it wasn't your tits talking to me??"
today became terrorizingly <propfemale>  
myspace com paranoiapam
"since myspace is so dated, slow, lame and behind the times (etc etc), any suggestions what better sites to share m music, oh people of the interwebs who know so much more than i?"
"its not a house, btw    its a giant rest stop, and who knows why people live there, but they have a lot of food "
i'm also delightfully insane
they call it p s    
paranoiapam now has a music <propfemale> on here!  hooray!
"oh cello,  i await the tougher finger callouses you will give me   they're already getting there, nor have i bent my little finger in strange ways in so long n_n"
"a little cold this morning    makes up your mind, weather   "
just started promise of the witch <propmale> and nearly half finished with it   oh artemis and jarlaxle - you are the best team ever
i miss playing d&d  annoyed 
"whole grain chips, promise of the witch <propmale> and syfy n_n"
almost done   
promise of the witch <propmale> was amazing   artemis is officially my favourite character   now on to road of the patriarch n_n  happy reading!
was never one to settle well with others   
always feel like i've wasted my life
you should be leading a parade of cowards and liars
on a lighter note:  good morning all n_n
"don't believe this hand will heal, if i keep accidentally smacking it agaisnt things    > sad "
happy bday for people!!!
"the sky will fall, but i don't care"
i want to mix our blood and put it in the ground so you can never leave
: the last thing you look forward to *smirk*
a good cello practicing morning!  and    its not raining
"infliction: my deadly addiction, destruction: my partner in crime"
d&d today? n_n
"just isn't as up to par as others, now am i?  severely lacking in everything "
"definitely in a \hide and die in a hole\"" mood today"""
better 
can never have too man clothes!  need more!  its mandatory  
"insanely massive, brain splitting headache  sad "
in the process of annihilating people
"killed a man in my dreams, wrote a poem this morning   now reading before cello   i love being productive n_n"
happy birthday to people for april!
i mean may!!!  haha    
hypocrisy - fourth dimension   will be playyed on my cello 
all i can hear is morphine
reveling in my imperfections
wonder if my hand will actually heal  annoyed 
"oh my gods     we just blew a crater into a <propmale>, <propmale> the cleric is going to kill our rogue"
"i don't know how i will go from chaotic neutral, to chaotic good in the party   "
hooray awake to strange emails  
i have hiccups    again    that won't go away!  i hate hiccups   
"no more artemis entreri, as i have just finished road of the patriarch   *sigh* a good ending and serves jarlaxle right, in my opinion"
on to the 2nd book of the transitions trilogy:  the pirate <propmale>
"a potential job is in line: new and different, same building   all the same, i hope i am adequate enough to get said job   here's hoping!"
"interview on tuesday, woo!"
have violently green eyes today    must be the sun
"please visit my paranoiapam <propfemale>!  on my phone so can't post link, but its on here!!  then go check out myspace com paranoiapam\spread the disease"
"my conscienceness  ever high, and tonight i shed said foreboding burdens yet to come   good fortunes, though few and far between, please continue to smile at me, for i know this is not all there is    i will find it, grasp it, and keep it forever close"
"its not friendship if they're trying to get up her skirt, yet the coveted title of friend is so casually thrown around     i know you're faking it"
"all night long dreams of killing people, including children    perhaps i should not fall asleep on my back anymore  "
its always a lovely happening when you get the opportunity to meet other hair falls enthusiasts n_n
"still had strange dreams, i think the thunder tempered them a little   very nice to wake to the rolls of thunder, and i'm enjoying how morning is hidden behind the clouds"
is made of terrible things
i have little to no talent with anything   so     what is it i'm trying to do with my life?
eating a giant turkey leg    where's my sword so i may eat it off of there!!
interview went really well   finished the assesment   let's hope i get this assistant managers position!!
oh yeah!!  and i found a bunch of kk hair that i have left over!  hooray!
"so since software means people are tone deaf, i'm going to assume that all these years in choir mean nothing"
gorgeous day outside n_n
"i knew i should have chose another fireball spell, thought to myself as a young adult white stands in our path  annoyed "
needs to make an album dedicated to striped tights  
"lovely morning, even with the slightl darker clouds, and the sun forcing us to see it behind them"
may make it another striped tights today    someone should join me in this
paranoia pams' striped tight seductresses
now has a migraine        ugh!!
i think i slept my massive headache away    now to plan for cello practicing
it doesn't matter everyone is ignored  
i have my revelations; i improve   you are left behind to struggle
"i'm just really getting my hopes up, aren't i?   sad "
got the call from the dm   pretty friendly   i hope i get this!!!!  but i am prepared if i dont
i believe i've just been hired     n_n
coffeeeee!!!  why doesn't this starbucks card work at barns and <propmale> t_t
filled out paperwork!  woo!
"now i'm just wondering where my tax return is, and why it is not in my hands   "
who wants to be a part of the striped tights seductresses:  wear your tights with pride!  (men can be included even if just with socks)  join me!!
hooray morning  
"saw a really pretty rat snake outside   unfortunately, had no place to keep it"
d&d tonight!!
i miss my wintry grey skys but its really nice out
some people are just so easy to get tired of   
quite a lovely day   feels like spring again
"after doing a bit of cleaning, is till have no idea where my pink striped tights are  sad "
"oh, <propfirst> clarkson, you are amazing"
things seem to be deterring me from going to ualr now    doesn't seem worth it at all
twilight zone!!
woo!  start m new job monday!  hooray!
"i lend no pity, and my mercy has been dead for years"
this weekend:  isolation  could be a good thing
has so little to offer   *shrug*
omg waaaay too nice outside
one should not run off with anothers hat
when did i start sleeping so much?
it's weird being in a conference call when you have no input because you haven't even had your first day at work yet   
and now bored  
"i never wanted to sleep, but i can't stand being awake  "
today may end up being a better day
"hm    not that i mean to sound as if i'm complaining   i'm glad i'm getting plays on my music myspace, but no one is leaving feedback   so i don't really know what people actually think about it   i guess i kind wish i knew what they thought   i like constructive critisism  or opinions  "
"long, long night inside here"
"anyone in my local area have a decent, old monitor they wouldn't mind giving away for free?"
"i can't blame that little girl for getting upset that someone she didn't know was touching her everywhere, even if it was someone that works at an airport "
"so   in trying to add a few burn spots to this drawing, i nearly set myself and anyone around me on fire  "
omg i dont want to sleep but i have work in the morning
"there are some trashy people out there, in every meaning of the word   they may not know it, but i do and i hope they feel the conviction   don't play with people, because you're never brave enough to back yourself up"
<propfemale> is very <propfemale> tonight   gorgeous
now have a monitor!  one step closer to working on music again!!  yay!!
sleepy     a lot of my humor is wasted  
just got off work!  engraving is awesome!  i enjoy this job
why have i been having so many headaches?
"i think i'm done trying to hold conversations   i know what they think, i'll have to find other people to chat with "
"and if you can read this, i haven't deleted you "
found myy pink striped tights today!!
please everyone be careful tonight 
"this lightning is beautiful, shooting up from the ground and branching out like a tree, enormous"
hooray hail!
bwaha!  one more down    let's see who's next
enjoying this rain
"would be playing minecraft, and finishing my tower that goes higher than the clouds, but the storm has  knocked out our internet cable   so i'm watching the lightning from inside -_-"
i'm awake now   going to play minecraft till work   
10$ for 2 69 gallons t_t
"i knoiw i have nothing to be depressed about, but i can't help but get depressed angry paranoid out of nowhere   but i guess since i refuse to get any help for things like this, i shouldn't let it drag me down for days on end  "
"\haven't youi realized it yet?  not a single person cares\"""""
"wow, they're playing unicorn robot attack music at the mall      lol"
"it would be nice to actually have more than one or two friends who actually want to play d and d, and stick with it, instead of bailing after three or four sessions "
"don't be surprised if you don't hear from me for a while    apathy, apathy, apathy  "
www myspace com paranoiapam
why does he keep making saliva bubbles?   *shudder*  ew    
new dr  who  laugh 
is feeling rather huge today       can i wake up and be 20lbs thinner?
doesn't mind fading
mr  muffins got a tape test
another hellish night   be careful everyyone
sounds like its right over our heads   yay hiding in the bathroom   atleasty i can say i've lived through one   i need to start a tally
yay home
"i really want to say thor is on my side   i don't want to assume, or look too much into anything, or whatnot   *shrug*  is what it is, when you get down to it"
"maybe if i slept less, i wouldn't have crappy mornings "
i'm giving up my gauges   all the prettier earrings are smaller 
d and d time
i only listen   there's little reason to talk
and apparently    i'm really creepy   > sad 
"thinks its really funny when people only like hanging with you   when you don't say anything   though the point of hanging out is having fun, chilling, and chatting   so while the conversation was also funny, the look of death i received equally cracked me up "
"why is everyone surprised that the news is covering the <propmale> wedding, instead of deaths caused by storms?  has no one figured out how the news works?  they don't care   they'll put the craziest person they can find on there, and berate them because they can   that's not news   that's making fun of people "
wheeee   
"if you like good movies and haven't seen it (and also like <propfirst> <propfirst> jones) watch \in the electric mist \""  netflix has it n_n"""
i like watching roads    
"let's see who truly reads my status: you and i wake up in a psychiatric <propmale> together  using four words    what would you say to me ? note: if you comment, you must copy and paste this to your status     so i may comment on yours as well  be a good egg and play along "
here we go again:  shady players      no d and d  sad 
oh meh if i'm cranky!
"aroma therapy is supposed to be good, right?  then why do i keep having dreams in which someone is trying to kill me?"
i don't really want to sleep anymore 
thor be killing giants
i kind of wish it was still thundering 
"its a very disappointing day today   more so for some, but nonetheless      "
sleep paralysis
what if i'm just indifferent?
i didn't wake up with the intentions oif felling sick     
"was somewhat stressful today   but its all cool, and its almost time to close!  yay!!"
next monday is the season finale of stargate universe  sad 
finally <propfemale> outside
hms pinafore is randomly in my head    now i need a boat
yay dnd tonight!!  something to look forward to after work n_n
hooray   first customer of the day and she's an utter bitch   surprise surprise 
so glad we finally played dnd last night   now off to work
"slow day    i don't even really have to be here, but hey   money"
"i'm always amused when i get to chat with friends, and i mean sit down and have lovely conversations, or vent to each other   as foreign as it ends up feeling to me, its a nice feeling and makes me smile"
holy f'in crap    stressful morning
oots!!!
tired of people not thinking i'm a genuine person 
"short of killing me, there's nothing you could do to me that i haven't already been through "
today has been a weird day  
i'm not looking forward to this weekend at all  annoyed 
ugh    i guess i'm prepared for a busy weekend   but i don't want to be 
i don't want to jinx it      but       i thought we'd be busier  
lmfao cade rolled his dice into my cup   now i have to drink it out of there 
one of these days i'll get better at magic 
"\i woke up alive by mistake   \"""""
lmfao    
i am on a huge aggrotech kick right now   i love you dioxyde
disappearing into the interwebs
"if i wasn't at work, gauntlgrym would have made me cry "
today is just one of those days      nothing really went right
"\   this pain won't cease until you die    \"""""
"\what is this pain i feel all over my body?\""  she whimpered \",cc57f45f99e242a4b1455b5dffd731d7,wow     someone literally moved away from me when i sat in a seat one over by them     yes   i'm that bad a person 
today was crazy   it's okay   next time i'll come at my customers with vengeance 
i have a last fm   add me if you would like 
i need to stop sleeping so much   
"if i start choking on air   or whatever, don't save me   just let me fall the floor "
woo!  doing my first sealed at imagine!
had fun doing sealed even though i didn't win!  yay losing e playful erience!
