a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68
is getting ready to spend new years with my best buddies! this next year is gonna be great!
i couldnt have asked for a better new years <propfemale>
ugh i slept all day    now i cant sleep!!!
shit man   i'm ready to start new already!
ugh god! tonight needs to get here faster!
i've been fallin' apart at the seams but it's not as it seems broken pieces around at my feet that i dance on
"my heart goes rushing to my head, whatever happened to me  weeks went forward i'm aware, that i've been living in reverse"
"deaf, dumb, and thirsty, starting to deserve this, leaning on my conscience wall  blood is like wine unconscious all the time    if i had it all again, i'd change it all"
is getting ready to go to work at the job i hate    to see the boyfriend that is appauld by my behavior     and to face all the people that seen me pull a snooki in the food court!!!       i hate my life
dumb boss wont let me close!!!! ugh!!! it's f*ing slow!!!!  sad 
love and peace flash through my mind pain and hate are all i find find no hope in nothing new never had a dream come true
did my best to notice when the call came down the line up to the platform of surrender i was brought but i was kind
"now i could make this obvious and you, you could deny me all in one breath you can strug me off your shoulders!!!"
is singing to emo songs     sad 
"the clock keeps ticking but nothing else seems to change problems never solved, just rearranged and when i think about all the times that i've had some were good most were bad i search for personality and i look for things i can not see"
work is lame     
everyone bailed on me i hate everyone!!!
i hate everyone!!!!
i miss doin the soulja boy!
is just too busy being fabulous!!!!  smile  hehe
that stupid cash ball needs to hit i'm tired of playing bingo!  sad 
my friday     yay happy 4 20 everyone!!!!
"\my head is a mess i'm breaking into a sweat i'm not filled with organs but i'm filled with regret can we do it all again and pretend we just met\"" -piebald jealous guy blues"""
"\alone i write alone i dwell alone i rot trapped in this shell too old to be young but i'm not old loneliness i hear it's call run behind but i still fall never happy sometimes i think i'm in hell\""-pulley"""
just got to chicago    yay
maybe i will move back to chicago &hearts;
i just smoked in a restaurant!  smile  i miss that
is it just me or does ochocinco dress like aladdin???
just got the lip pierced again
the chairs blew into the pool  sad 
i'm totally not looking forward to beginning my mediocre day    can't i just stay in bed  sad 
doesn't understand why everyone wants to hug a f*ing tree!!!!
"i feel like i got punched in the mouth       and guess what my grandpa said!!!! \that was dumb      why would you pierce your lip?\"""""
"\it seems too hard to get better what do i do after that\""- <propmale> boone"""
there but for the grace of god there go i
"pour my life into a paper cup, the ashtrays full and i'm spillin my guts   "
ugh i can't sleep!!! boo!
"\you only see what you want to believe when you light up in the back with those tricks up your sleeve  that don't mean i can't <propfemale>  the day that i die will be the day that i shut my mouth and put down my guitar  sunday morning hold church down at the bar  \"" sublime (same in the end)"""
ahhh monday eww     
is so tired   !
\what's the closest you can come to an almost total wreck and still walk away,\a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,"don't blame us if we ever doubt you\you know we couldn't live without you\boston, you are the only only only       "
"\secrets to a good life is knowing when your through   \""- rancid      i'm gonna keep quoting hahaha  playful """
i'm soooo sleepy       
"the only thing worse than getting hair stuck to your lip gloss, is getting a leaf stuck to it!!! damn wind!!"
\it's the best part of all this\,a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,\i don't care about what they say\,a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,i would like to know why people think they can talk shit and when i find out i'm not gonna confront them???? if you don't want drama don't talk shit    end of story    i'm sick of living in a world where grown men are spineless bitches
"\only god can judge me\""-tupac"""
\it's unsuspecting; it seems to find us now \,a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,is trying to think positive    my goodness     it's difficult
is so happy to be off work!
wtf!!!! i'm so sick of people coming in late      if i'm off at four     i plan my life around that!!!! not f*ing 4 smile 0 or 5      
bye bye dumb quiznos
"i start my first day of work today      it feels strangely similar to my first day of school!!!!!\      ugh i think i'm gonna be sick!!!"
yay! i like my new job!!!
\oh god it's wonderful\,a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,lol i like when people try to attack me on facebook  it's rather funny      spineless     
goodness      mind your own buisness!!
is slightly more free than yesterday
i can't figure out how to delete people on here   sad  someone help me
\in the same confusing breath,\a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,hates everyone again too
went to south beach yesterday! so beautiful! i'm absolutely in love with miami
drove past sunlife stadium today     no cars  sad      wish we could have gone!!! i'll for sure get to be there when the mets play though hooray!  smile 
accidently slept all day! god i hate losing days like that!!!
got breakfast in bed this morning     he's so romantic!!  smile 
i'm making fish tacos for my man and his dad tonight    i'm kinda nervous i hope they like them  sad 
had a wonderful day today! you gotta love be lazy sometimes     making <propfirst> watch a marathon of degrassi yay!!!
i'm feeling kinda alone   call me  sad 
ugh my head hurts     
i'm back in vegas hit me up
\my friends think i've gone crazy, my judgment is getting kinda hazy\a56dfe5a23b9215dd72053d7825c4e68,ugh! im not feeling so good!  sad 
im so tired    thank god it's almost bedtime!
had a good bingo day    now time for bed
good night world
ugh    i woke up late today    this could be bad! sad 
is so sick  sad 
yay!!! law and order svu marathon!!! my perfect sunday  smile 
i needed you more when you wanted us less   
"i love when people are too wrapped up \doing the deal\"" to go out for coffee   hmmm    i supposed i missed that part in \""working with others\"""""
megadeth and slayer are in vegas tonight  sad  and i cant go   
has been a loner lately    and is sick of it
is waiting for bingo to start    yay wish me luck
ugh    the losing streak continues   
ugh its so hot outside and its making me sleepy   
ahh    im out of cigarettes
"at the movies waiting for \the other guys\"" to start  i hope its good ill let you guys know"""
"just saw \the other guys\"" it was pretty good   """
"saw \dinner for shmucks\"" today    it was weird"""
"is flippin channels between the bears, raiders game and the waterboy  hehe"
has felt unmotivated lately
is jealous that everyone is talking about going to school    i want to start again this fall but i have no money and no scholarship   
had a very relaxing couple of days   smile 
is getting ready to watch two hours of svu!!! yay
ugh    im still a big fat loser at bingo 
is having a great day   just got the best news ever!!!
is playing bingo with grandma wish us luck  smile 
"three months is way too long to be unemployed  i need a job, yesterday"
ugh im not looking forward to dinner tonight
ugh i feel sick i ate too much junk food
poor napolean is like a zombie    he hates when i stay up this late
"just made lemon pepper cod for dinner, i am such a fabulous cook!"
is at the cactus club not singing karaoke    i know im chicken shit  it's
i shouldn't have stayed out so late  im soooooooo tired   
happy birthday <propmale>!!! have fun at your party!!!
this too shall pass    not soon enough    im counting the days
is definately having a better day than yesterday
stupid cowboys ruined my parlee
yay job interview tomorrow wish me luck  smile 
"went to the interview today   nobone showed up for graveyard so the hiring manager had to work graveyard, hence, he could give me an interview    i will get a call when he gets back   laugh "
gosh     everyones right your twentys do fly like summer break  sad 
"omg a person like me has no buisness watching \1000 ways to die\"" on spike tv    now im never gonna get to sleep  sad """
"haha i actually forgot it was my b day    until i went to the clinic and they said \happy birthday\"" i was like \""oh yeah!\"" hehehe"""
yay everyone at bingo wished me a happy birthday  smile 
ahh im so nervous about the interview today  i really hope i get the job  sad 
so the interview went great    the owner said he would give me a call if i got the job  i'm sure i did   smile 
i lost my love and my soul september 16 2010
"do you ever wish you can go back in time and do it all over again??? god,  i would give anything to change it"
i got the job   i start tomorrow    i know you would be proud babe
my first day went well  a job didnt change much though  im still a fuckin wreck
ugh people that lask common sense bother me
the days are getting harder not at all easier    i miss you so much my love
thank god ionly have three and a half more hours of work  im exhausted
no lectures to endure      yeah right    
"ugh im so tired  day,end please!!!"
hates the four thirty in the morning schedule  it makes me so tired
"tattoo e playful o at the convention center today, saturday, and sunday locals get in for free  whos going???"
napolean and i are spending quality time together
im sad my days off r over but happy i get to go to work tomorrow  its nice to feel needed
"\what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you\"""""
finally    a day i can survive
grr    i got chili all over my shirt  i hit my back on the corner of the table and the coffee wore off  im ready to clock out now  sad 
its so nice hangin with my friends   
a study shows that las vegas has three neighborhoods in the top 25 for most dangerous    i had lived in all three  i had to laugh at that 
i was able to know my soulmate for one year four months and two weeks  i was blessed to have that  it wasnt nearly long enough
"disarm u with a smile and leave u like they left me here, to wither in denial, bitterness of the one whos left alone "
i am sick of surrounding myself with unhealthy people in unhealthy situations
i met a girl who was going to her bachelorette party  i am happy for her but jealous 
we r celebrating my dads bday today  there is nothing better after a stressful day than hanging out with the family  smile 
omg i am so tired  i fell asleep during my break  bad idea!
i am irritated with people places and things     screw it    f* all nouns ;-d
i love <propfemale> mercados
everytime i look into the sky i wonder if u still love me and if ur proud of me   
is missing mikey  u really only get one soulmate  and he knew he was mine   
im sooo looking forward to seein someone that means so much to me and getting to spend the whole day with them  i am truely blessed to have such a wonderful human being in my life!
is hanging with <propfirst>  i wish this day would never end 
i cannot do this without <propfirst>  im done  i dont want to be here anymore 
"i feel insane every single time im asked to compromise, cause im afraid and stuck in my ways and thats the way it stays- a 7x"
really!!?? does everyone now know why i dont date guys in their twenties!!! i learned my last lesson with that
i hate thanksgivin   so many turkeys r killed  its so sad 
im very thankful for the amazing people in my life  i love u guys! u all know who u are 
i had an absolutely wonderful day  and days like this making life worth living!
i just realized how immature i actually am  it took watching the disney channel to realize it    ugh
"in the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous  in new york city, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad, known as the special victims unit  these are their stories    yay!!!!!  smile "
"lol \it's my birthday    yesterday\"" gotta love necro"""
besides been restless irritable and discontent todays not going too bad 
is waiting for the dumbass sears guy to get here ugh!!!!
i have felt so sick all day!!!!!!!!!!!!  sad 
i cant wait till im off work  im bored and tired!
never say u love someone eventually all they will do is use it to hurt u
totally broken-hearted
someone needs to call me! im hella depressed! i need to get out of myself  : (
"i love how none of myso called \friends\"" text me back  yah fuck u guys for real!!!!"""
i hate feelings  i wish this pain would go away!!!!
"\i dont see the point of a partnership  it wont be long till they start to trip\""! ; )"""
i am feeling alot better about my current situation  blessings in disguse they say     thank u guys  i honest to god didnt realize i had so many friends! thanks for being there for me when i needed u! u guys r the best!!! love ya!!!
i dont get it whats up with the number thing   ?
i wanna play the number game send them to me  wink 
#8751- i love u to death u r the only person that has been there for me for so long  u dont find many people in the world who r so loyal! i am so blessed to have u in my life 
#2- u truely r family to me  u understand things about me that no one else gets  no matter how far u move u will always be one of my closest friends! love ya!!!
#007 lol u r way hott! hehe last time i saw u had a gf so that was lame  i think we dated in like 5th grade right??? we need to kick it again sometime when i come out that way  : )
"#676 we go way back  i miss the shitoutta u  me u and the crew had some fun times in <propfirst>'s \haunted house\"" lol (he wont think thats funny) but i miss u and we need to kick it  u still live around here?"""
today is good  working then hanging with mi madre 
ugh  why is it so hot out!!???
"someone said to me \i knew u were awake this morning because the sun came up \"" way to feed my ego!!! : ("""
i am soooo tired  i just want to go to sleep that would make me sooo happy
on my break its back to work in a couple minutes 
had a very lucky day at the casino 
haha christmas is over for me  wink 
i am tired  work is boring
i hope everyones day is going well 
chivalry died along with punk
omg i am tired already these 14 hour work days r brutal
