bb1a9e4560423f441a22f573ad7457a8
ufc fights tonight!! getting ppv at the place give a ring if you wanna come over!!
"you can't erase, separate cigarette in hand, hope you all understand i won't be the last in line i finally figured out whats mine"
ahh  f*ck it lets have a good time  all you can ask for 
going to bed gotta work at 3am  
i think i am loving this   not a person to check into!
miss me baby  hear our fav  song miss me baby  and when you start to sing along think of the night we danced all night long 
party maker no idea!! whoo hoo!!
put a boot in your face and not care   you know who you are   and iif you dont know you have alot of growing up to do 
getting my pbr on tonight if anyoen wants to join give me a call!
beer everyday anyday! drunkered  haha say what you want i know what i am 
just finished dishes and now time for a beer
opened a beer ready for some fun!
3 long days without drinking but tonight was a good night   love the vodka!! haha everyone have a good night cuz i am!
just finished my workout and feel great!!
wish you f*ckers could keep up with me haha     old school ftw    haha   maybe one day  working at 6  will make it dont worry
rope em'   <propmale> <propfirst>   rope em'
thirsty thursday!! give a call if you wanna join
wish i wasnt drinking the <propfirst>   little week for me haha good thing i got the taquila too!! haha eveyone have a good night!!
so bored tonight    oh wellz bday tomorrow!!! get a drink on!!
no more bdays anytime soon i hope   not sure i can last through another!! head still hurts   
wow last night was great   actually took time for myself and was sleeping by 9 haha  now playing with <propmale> rest of day  
bored    any thoughts??
transformers 2 tonight and early to bed   
finally back from montana   
ufc   2 cases of beer   sounds like a good time to me!!!
ufc starting!!! if  you want to come on over!
i hate being sick   
it's not a party till someone pisses on a chair   
headed out for the night   everyone have some fun!!
damn    everyone pussed out on me tonight    must be the overnights i have been putting in   not even tired   <propfirst> n coke ftw!!
working the over nights messed my days and nights up    cant sleep   oh wellzz all nighter and take a nap today should be good to go
i am not sleeping   my calm tranquility has left me  my restless spirit has awaken me taking me on a journey around the world  i am not sleeping   something is keeping my mind at attention allowing me no time to disconnect 
lazy boring night  hope things pick up for the weekend!
ok need to stop piercing   maybe   haha might get another one tomorrow night    only the beer will tell!!
was thinkin   after last night   take it easy and just watch a couple of movies   anyone game??
well so much for being home for turkey day    out in montana till prolli thur  night   workin long hours to try to get home   not looking promising   
wow you miss a lot not being on fb in 2 days!!
"if there's somethin' goin' on within a hundred <propmale> from home, ya gonna hear my v-8 sing long as i can beat the train and they got a passing <propfirst>, baby, i ain't gonna miss a thing life's too fun and i'm too young and the night ain't over yet like i said i can sleep when i'm dead"
assassins creed 2 today     ninja assassins tonight   and then going to assassin some beers tonight!! ninja!!
something about this snow that just gets my blood flowing!!
up late   have to work overnights tomorrow   gunna be awesome   20 below here i come!!!
wow up for almost 46 hours    worked about 38 of them   going back out in t-minus 6 hours   getting some sleep now!!! maybe  wink 
dont even want to think about work   anyone up for a beer??!!
going to go lay down   watch a movie and get some sleep!! *hating the cold right about now*
lookin for something to do tonight   cant be out to late tho   have to work at 4am  cant wait for the cold again!
found something to do for a little bit   playing with the little man!!
and time for a day off!!! but just 1   lucky!!
"lunch time   today is moving by pritty fast actually   all exited for tonight, thought the day would drag on forever   just keepin busy and waiting  "
video games   beer   and a good friend home fore awhile what else you need??
"now and then regrets may find me, but these marks are here to remind me  of where i went wrong, what made me strong, and how i’ve moved on "
movie and bed time   gnight everyone!
i have chocolate milk and its all mine!! mmmmm chocolate milk 
wonderful   extreamly sick right b4 holidays  
whoot tat just got done!
sad day    <propmale> went back over seas  
first day of the workouts   feelin good ran 2 <propmale> and some change   good time
is it wrong to feed a pig    bacon 
ouch    ran 4 <propmale> today    really impressed with myself   and tomorrow   more running!!!
gnite alll   having a blast!!!! fml work  2days days off in  weeks wtf am i doing!!!! lcve work i guess tomorrow night a differetnt story   all me baby!!!! love you job!!! only thing i guess i can say!
have a hawk from tonight   love it   haha fun times  
omg!! tator tots   and little smokes ftw!!
glad to be home again   but only for a visit   work calls 
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments"
shower    movie   bed!
warmth     i hope i can feel my feet when i wake up 
i miss all the fun  sad    next weekend will be better i guess 
day off is nice  
oh i wish i could sleep    or maybe just find someone who would stay up with me 
killin you in beer pong like i have a hit list!!
yea me! blood work today    x rays tomorrow   wonder whats wrong with me cuz they dont   
movie night   let me know if your comin over
thinks his little sister <propfemale> large  is the shiiiiiitttttt and the best girl in beer pong
should have got the pork
its like subway   but in a pita 
"if everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something "
dd tonight   and this time not drunk driver!! fun being sober around all the drunkers   night all
finally home   well atleast for 1 day    sad 
sleep time wake me if you need me   night!!
sleepy   sleepy  
bbq n bonefire!! tons of refreshments   call if your in!
lil fire tonight   hot dogs   smores   and a lil music sounds good tonight
whoot whoot!! twins game today   sorry <propmale> no twins for you!
texas bound tomorrow gunna be fun
"we never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public "
"in honor of the twins opening day friday, put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being an east coast fan  being an east coast fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously  there is still no known cure for this and sympathy does not help, but we can raise awareness  100% of twins fans will repost this, simply because we know how to copy and paste, as well as tie our shoes and win "
