0c3984dbcc3895d01d71c0bfdabb5032
this sundays my birthday and also when i go to boyscout camp!!!
jesaih going to colledge tuesday        
i am in the highschool footlights!!
"in hopes that all our college students are able to articulate this well  in a college classroom with a professor teaching a philosophy lesson    'let me e playful lain the problem science has with religion 'the atheist professor of philosophy pauses before his class and then asks one of his new students to stand 'you're a christian, aren't you, son?'"
"'yes sir,' the student says   'so you believe in god?' 'absolutely    ' 'is god good?' 'sure! god's good ' 'is god all-powerful? can god do anything?'"
"'yes' 'are you good or evil?' 'the bible says i'm evil ' the professor grins knowingly  'aha! the bible! he considers for a moment  'here's one for you  let's say there's a sick person over here and you can cure him   you can do it  would you help him? would you try?' 'yes sir, i would ' 'so you're good   !' 'i wouldn't say that '"
"'but why not say that? you'd help a sick and maimed person if you could  most of us would if we could  but god doesn't ' the student does not answer, so the professor continues 'he doesn't, does he? my brother was a christian who died of cancer, even"
"though he prayed to jesus to heal him  how is this jesus good? can you answer that one?' the student remains silent  'no, you can't, can you?' the professor says  he takes a sip of water from a glass on his desk to give the student time to relax  'let'sstart again, young fella  is god good?'"
"'er  yes,' the student says  'is satan good?' the student doesn't hesitate on this one  'no ' 'then where does satan come from?' the student falters  'from god' 'that's right  god made satan, didn't he? tell me, son  is there evil in this world?'"
"'yes, sir ' 'evil's everywhere, isn't it? and god did make everything, correct?' 'yes' 'so who created evil?' the professor continued, 'if god created everything, then god created evil, since evil exists, and according to the principle that our works define"
"who we are, then god is evil ' again, the student has no answer  'is there sickness? immorality? hatred? ugliness? all these terrible things, do they exist in this world?' the student squirms on his feet  'yes '"
"'so who created them?' the student does not answer again, so the professor repeats his question  'who created them?' there is still no answer  suddenly the lecturer breaks away to pace in front of the classroom  the class is mesmerized  'tell me,' he continues onto another student  'do you believe in jesus christ, son?'"
"the student's voice betrays him and cracks  'yes, professor, i do ' the old man stops pacing  'science says you have five senses you use to identify and observe the world around you  have you ever seen jesus?' 'no sir    i've never seen him ' 'then tell us if you've ever heard your jesus?' 'no, sir, i have not '"
"'have you ever felt your jesus, tasted your jesus or smelt your jesus? have you ever had any sensory perception of jesus christ, or god for that matter?' 'no, sir, i'm afraid i haven't ' 'yet you still believe in him?' 'yes'"
"'according to the rules of empirical, testable, demonstrable protocol, science says your god doesn't exist  what do you say to that, son?' 'nothing,' the student replies  'i only have my faith ' 'yes, faith,' the professor repeats  'and that is the problem science has with god  there is no evidence, only faith '"
"the student stands quietly for a moment, before asking a question of his own  'professor, is there such thing as heat?' 'yes ' 'and is there such a thing as cold?' 'yes, son, there's cold too '"
"'no sir, there isn't ' the professor turns to face the student, obviously interested  the room suddenly becomes very quiet  the student begins to e playful lain  'you can have lots of heat, even more heat, super-heat, mega-heat, unlimited heat, white heat, a little heat or no"
"heat, but we don't have anything called 'cold'  we can hit down to 458 degrees below zero, which is no heat, but we can't go any further after that  there is no such thing as cold; otherwise we would be able to go colder than the lowest -458 degrees  every body or object is susceptible to study when it has or transmits energy, and heat is what makes a body or matter have or transmit energy  absolute zero (-458 f) is"
"the total absence of heat  you see, sir, cold is only a word we use to describe the absence of heat  we cannot measure cold  heat we can measure in thermal units because heat is energy  cold is not the opposite of heat, sir, just the absence of it ' silence across the room  a pen drops somewhere in the classroom, sounding like a hammer "
"'what about darkness, professor   is there such a thing as darkness?' 'yes,' the professor replies without hesitation  'what is night if it isn't darkness?' 'you're wrong again, sir  darkness is not something; it is the absence of something  you can have low light, normal light, bright light, flashing light, but if you have no light constantly you have nothing and it's called darkness, isn't it? that's the meaning"
"we use to define the word  in reality, darkness isn't  if it were, you would be able to make darkness darker, wouldn't you?' the professor begins to smile at the student in front of him  this will be a good semester  'so what point are you making, young man?'"
"'yes, professor  my point is, your philosophical premise is flawed to start with, and so your conclusion must also be flawed ' the professor's face cannot hide his surprise this time  'flawed? can you e playful lain how?'"
"'you are working on the premise of duality,' the student e playful lains   'you argue that there is life and then there's death; a good god and a bad god  you are viewing the concept of god as something finite, something we can measure  sir, science can't even e playful lain a thought ' 'it uses electricity and magnetism, but has never seen, much less fully understood either one  to view death as the opposite of life is to be"
"ignorant of the fact that death cannot exist as a substantive thing  death is not the opposite of life, just the absence of it ' 'now tell me, professor    do you teach your students that they evolved from a monkey?' 'if you are referring to the natural evolutionary process, young man, yes, of course i do '"
"'have you ever observed evolution with your own eyes, sir?' the professor begins to shake his head, still smiling, as he realizes where the argument is going  a very good semester, indeed  'since no one has ever observed the process of evolution at work and cannot even prove that this process is an on-going endeavor, are you not teaching your opinion, sir? are you now not a scientist, but a preacher?' the class is"
"in uproar  the student remains silent until the commotion has subsided  'to continue the point you were making earlier to the other student, let me give you an example of what i mean ' the student looks around the room  'is there anyone in the class who has ever seen the professor's brain?' the class breaks out into laughter  'is there"
"anyone here who has ever heard the professor's brain, felt the professor's brain, touched or smelt the professor's brain? no one appears to have done so  so, according to the established rules of empirical, stable, demonstrable protocol, science says that you have no brain, with all due respect, sir ' 'so if science says you have no brain, how can we trust your lectures, sir?'"
"now the room is silent    the professor just stares at the student, his face unreadable  finally, after what seems an eternity, the old man answers  'i guess you'll have to take them on faith ' 'now, you accept that there is faith, and, in fact, faith exists with life,' the student continues  'now, sir, is there such a thing as evil?'"
"now uncertain, the professor responds, 'of course, there is  we see it everyday  it is in the daily example of man's inhumanity to man    it is in the multitude of crime and violence everywhere in the world  these manifestations are nothing else but evil '"
"to this the student replied, 'evil does not exist sir, or at least it does not exist unto itself  evil is simply the absence of god  it is just like darkness and cold, a word that man has created to describe the absence of god  god did not create evil  evil is the"
result of what happens when man does not have god's love present in his heart  it's like the cold that comes when there is no heat or the darkness that comes when there is no light ' the professor sat down   the student was <propfirst> einstein --<propfirst> einstein wrote a book titled god vs  science in 1921     
god vs  science  keep going down to find begining of it
vb
i am not going to get home to 10 agian
come to the wizard of oz footlight friday-saturday starts at 7pm sunday starts at 3pm
i dyed my hair turquise blue
pineapple
i just made pancakes
"i am i small fish swimming in a pond, until find a stream that turns into a river, the rushing river forces my away until i reach the ocean, and now      i am a big fish surfing under the waves, nothing can stop me as i rule the seas"
"we won are dat competion>>\which means we now get to ride in a limo to our next competition which is states!!!!!"
5:47
5:24
"tomorrow everyone on the planet will e playful erince at the same exact second             \  \ \ \ \ \   déjà vu"
