55bd192c1f5dd20557cc05d215e76e01
i gots a facebook now!  smile  yay for bandwagons and jumping on them
i have had sandwiches for every meal today  the hell? d:
why does no one ever believe that i could fight someone? i could fight someone! i could fight em twice! d:<
"sleeping downstairs was a terrible, terrible idea  i am filled with the kind of rage that only a person who got 4 hours of sleep and then was woken by construction workers can have "
dude  fuck not being 21  fuck coheed and cambria being my favorite band and playing a 21+ venue only in san <propmale>  just   fuck 
conquered a <propfirst> beiber song on piano by ear  smile  i feel like a winner and a loser at the same time
"<propfirst> holmes, <propfemale> sag, <propfemale> floco: still down for bowling on saturday? around noon? i can drive you all  smile "
i learned something new today: apples to apples-jewish edition actually exists 
"<propfemale> vanilla almond cupcakes were a success  a delicious, delicious success "
comic con was super duper  smile  will be attending again 
packing for my ultimate college road trip  yay for 8 hours of driving to uc berkeley
"oh uc berkeley, why must you compel me with your campus tour when i know i have a slim <propmale> of getting in? d:"
why is everyone being so weird rite now?! d:<
whats with all this questiony stuff appearing on my wall? facebook confuses me so much :[
home! i am home!  laugh 
"seeing inception tomorrow with the boyfriend  smile  excited cuz everyone is blowing their load over this movie  will be disappointed if it doesn't live up to my e playful ectations,"
bagahalghalgabag inception was awesome!
had pretty much the best day ever involving triangles and puns about sand  smile 
tired of my life going between awesome and totally horrible as of late 
does anyone have <propfemale> <propfirst>'s rainbow cd? it would be much appreciated if i could borrow someones!
beautiful wonderful night watching beach sunset with the boyfriend  smile  i am in looooove  laugh 
"i have an insane crush on the guy from the old spice commercials  \do you want a man who smells like he can bake you a gourmet cake in the dream kitchen he built for you with his own hands?\"" i very much do  smile """
"today has been the weirdest, funnest day  smile "
"<propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world = one of the best movies i've seen this year! i was totally pleasantly surprised, and i suggest everyone go see it  smile "
how did i not start watching adventure time earlier? i haven't laughed so hard at a cartoon in soooo long  smile 
ugggh thanks for getting me sick mom 
project boyfriend makeover was a success!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
my soul feels lighter now that my car is all sparkly clean for the new school year  smile 
bleh today was kinda sucky 
boyfriend told me for christmas he was gonna find me shoes that lite up when you step  i love this kid  smile 
is it bad if it's only the second week of school and i'm already putting off doing homework?
"i hate having this feeling of being totally and completely obsessed with something and having no one who will put up with my endless talking about it and discuss it with me to my satisfaction! world, you are a disappointment "
i envy those of you that know yourselves very well  i might as well be a stranger to me 
"during the mega room cleaning 2010, i found a book on black holes  i then spent the entire day today reading everything i could find on black holes, hypergiant stars, and the ultimate fate of the universe  it's fascinating "
"i got told by a small child today that i have \super duper bouncy boobs \"" um  d:"""
this week has really opened my eyes to what a complete bitch i really am 
yogurt world and <propmale> horror picture show  what an odd nite 
does anyone else notice how much lil <propmale> mentions poop in his songs? just sayin 
oh how i love the weekly ritual of forgetting about my current event until tuesday nite 
"watching old episodes of boy meets world and renewing my deep, deep love for <propfirst>  smile "
ugh i hate fighting with people i care about 
super excited to go in early tomorrow morning  yayyy being a senior 
i can't write a literary analysis  it exacerbates my chronic senioritis 
splendid amazing bombastic day with the boyfriend  smile  i love this kid
"who else had a fucking awesome weekend? like, it had some not so good points, but overall the best weekend i've had in a while  laugh "
starting the uc app! aggh!
there is a raccoon in our pool  at 10 smile 0 at night     the hell?!
"a note to boys in general: never take your girls for granted, and always make sure they feel loved "
does anyone know a good place kinda nearby that's good for looking at stars? its important that i find somewhere  smile 
went running with my dad  smile  yay familial bonding through exercise!
anniversary dinner with the boyfriend tonite  smile   love 
stupid scholarships requiring me to actually have a talent 
"this kiddo, <propfirst> holmes, was pretty much amazing tonite  smile "
how many people are wearing costumes tomorrow? cuz i'm contemplating whether or not to wear mine
haha so apparently my boyfriend's sister was saying mean things about me and his mom heard and grounded her for two weeks  smile  i feel a little like a winner 
attention: <propfemale> minaj fucking kills every verse she does  ever  that is all 
"starting my uc app personal statements   that is, if i can think of something to write about  d:"
"? i need to be bold, need to jump in the cold water, need to grow older with a girl like you  finally see you were naturally the one to make it so easy when you showed me the truth  yeah, yeah id rather be with you, say you want the same thing too  love "
hahahahaha yes   laugh  ap gov legal brief = done 
thank god i am getting the fuck out of here for a week 
"going to hawaii   smile  see you in a week, suckahs "
i want to drive up to <propfirst> this winter to see the snow soooo bad  smile 
who has sent their sat test scores to ucs? i kind of need help :[
"thank you so much, ipod, for putting me through depressing shuffle songs medley tonight "
christmas baking is the ultimate good mood activity  love 
wants everything to go back to how it was a month ago :[ totes not excited going into this break 
having someone absolutely love a present you gave them is possibly the best feeling ever  smile 
walked outside in socks a few minutes ago   best idea ever? probably 
my parents got me a $25 gift card to trader <propfirst>'s  <propfemale> christmas to me!  laugh 
"watching <propfirst> cera on conan, i almost could not resist the urge to jump into the tv and kidnap him  so adorable  smile "
pretty little liars tonite so excited omg
baking red <propfemale> cupcakes was a success   laugh  yea!
fell asleep with black eyeliner on and woke up looking like <propfemale> after a 22-hour drinking binge  better worse than normal?
loves <propfemale> floco and stephi squeak garcia !!!  smile 
"driving in my car, listening to 30h!3 and <propfemale> made me so nostalgic for last summer  it was truly one to remember  love "
i am so confused about this astrological sign thing  can someone please e playful lain it to me as though they were e playful laining it to a small child?
job hunting with this kid --->karissa arganoza = fairly successful  smile 
first college acceptance letter came!  laugh 
you know that you've been watching too many daytime talk shows when <propfemale> fucking <propmale> starts to sound insightful 
loves when i'm playing guitar and singing badly and then realize that my window is wide open 
just saw someone get proposed to on <propfirst> springer  classy to the <propmale> 
"finished all the episodes of british skins on instant netflix, now i have to wait for season 4 in the mail d:"
u of oregon accepted me!  laugh  i'm 3 for 3 so far!
cute acoustic songs are most definitely the best way to beat a bad day 
attention people in the westview parking lot: having pedestrian right-of-way does not make it okay to walk rite behind my clearly moving car when i am backing out  you are dumb  that is all 
oh 13 year old girls at the mall  how you simultaneously amuse and annoy me so 
i want <propmale> criss to serenade me  would definitely be worth getting fired over 
seriously has the urge to go thrift store shopping rite now  i want to find an old man sweater 
i hate having to e playful lain to people that the reason i am crying is because of an especially emotional episode of glee  it's just embarrassing 
just saw mr  jennings at the gas station  seeing teachers in real life is the best 
"my mom apparently thinks i'd rather hear her say \those who spring from your loins\"" than just \""children \"" there are no words for how wrong she is """
does anyone know of a good yoga place around here?
whoever's car keeps beeping at random intervals outside needs to take care of that problem before i do  with a golf club  and their windows 
looking up guitar tabs for a very potter musical? hell yeah that's how i spend my thursday nite 
so my parents just got me front row tickets to the glee tour this summer for an early birthday present  no big deal or anything   laugh   laugh   laugh 
i hit a <propfemale> tonite while driving :[ r i p  anonymous rabbit who ran in front of my car 
so done with this 
waitlisted at ucsb    d:
stupid week  stupid berkeley  can it be summer now?
