d6a2bd31b58133e65c42a0f8b72679f8
a minute of action is equal to an infinite amount of prayer 
"i just wanted to say something in regard to the strength of an average christian's faith as opposed to the strength of an extremist muslim's   at least the muslims are so sure of their beliefs that they are willing to commit suicide for them   now that's faith!  now, if we could only convince the christians that there may be some virgins waiting for them   "
"peace in the middle east i just thought up a good way to finally have peace between <propmale> and palestine     just offer a reward for whoever wins the war!  sure, there'll be a lot of bloodshed up front, a lot more than is going on now, but in the end it'll all get much better   just think long-term, and you'll see the benefits greatly outweigh the costs "
a gloriously decadent chrismahannukwanzakuh to all 
"i was just discharged from the hospital     was there for chest pains   they ran a bunch of tests on my heart, kept me there from 5pm friday to about 8pm today   apparently, they found no evidence of any serious heart problems, but they told me that my coronary risk factor is a 6 7 out of 6!  wow     anyway, now comes the crazy task of finding out what the real problem is, if it's really not my heart   should be fun "
"prayer is like a rocking chair   it gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere   write that down "
i bet nobody's even reading my wall 
wow   my wall is pathetic     it's all posts from stupid facebook apps!  i need to get a damn life!
"it's a good thing the bible doesn't say anywhere that god hates retards, or the christians would have a real problem on their hands   "
"prayer is like a rocking chair:  it gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere   "
"i'd like to e playful and the thought on my previous post about god hating retards and say:  it's a good thing (for christians, that is) that the bible doesn't say anything about god hating close-minded, ignorant, bigoted, violent, hateful morons   in fact, those qualities seem to be promoted rather than discouraged in the bible   "
"i think i shall retire for the evening to a lotr marathon (special extended editions, of course   )   wish me luck!"
"tip of the day:  if you have e playful losive diarrhea from a stomach flu, it's not a good idea to assume it's all over with after three hours of not pooping and treat yourself to a couple hot dogs and some milk and cookies!  ugh     i feel horrible!"
"when are we going to come together like the conservatives did in the mid-1990's and figure out a way to demonize religion like they somehow did with liberals? <propfirst> sagan was awesome, but he wasn't as effective as <propfirst> rove! we need an atheist <propfirst> rove!"
"i just came up with another possibly great idea!  what about a non-profit health insurance company that would run the way progressives liberals want our government to run health care?  no denials, affordable to those in need, and no caps on benefits!  i really want to know what my friends think of this   discuss!"
and my favorite passage from demon-haunted world is:
"could everybody please send love and well-wishes to my friend <propfemale> johns?  her brother-in-law just got into a car accident and lost his 15 yr-old son, and his 12 yr-old daughter is currently undergoing spinal surgery   "
"check out the group i just joined   it's on my wall!  it's called \defund nccam now \""  do it!!!"""
"does everybody like my \a?\""  say \""yayyyyyyyyyyyyyah!\"""""
"from my \wwcnd\"" shirt: \""ghosts are actually caused by <propmale> <propmale> killing people faster than death can process them \"""""
"does anybody know of any attempt to create secular alternatives to christian holidays on western calenders?  i'd like to switch over to celebrating great scientists', freethinkers', and humanists' lives and works, instead of having to e playful lain the ridiculous religious holiday bs to my kids "
"hey, howcome nobody ever told me about the virtual bookshelf app?!!  (i'm guessing because they know i'm ocpd, and am now going to spend countless hours cataloguing my entire collection of books, dvd's, cd's, and whatever else they'll allow me to catalogue   ) sheesh   thanks, guys!"
"this is kinda gross and embarrassing, but why do i have to get diarrhea the night before an extended camping trip?!  do the gods hate me that much?!!  lol  i promise i won't blaspheme for a day or two if you make it go away   "
"okay, well     i'm about to start my exodus into the wild (well, the white mountain national <propmale> federal campgrounds, anyway)   i'll try to check in here as often as i can, but i doubt i'll be getting a wifi signal too often   praise the lord, god almighty!  and all that happy horse-shit "
"i am fucking done with my psychotic bitch of a wife   she flips out over everything, and she went way too fucking far this time, over some retarded bullshit   consider me single and wayyyyyy fucking happier than i've been in a long time   i can finally do something with my life and enjoy it!!!  yayyyy!!!"
"hooray for pilonidal cysts!  i'm so happy to have my butt be the center of attention for once!  lol     (not so happy about having it sliced open last night, or about the prospect of having surgery to remove a big ball of hair from the inside of my body   )"
"do my posts even show up on anybody's home screen?  or does everybody just ignore me?  or does everybody just get so many posts showing up on their home screen, like i do, that it's impossible to pick any one post out of the crowd unless you really have something to say?!"
"can somebody please e playful lain to me why i should be tolerant of religion and religious idiocy, when religious fundamentalists are working day and night to turn the country where i live into a fucking theocracy???"
i'm thinking about sending this letter to the pakistani ministry of law and justice   what do you guys think?
i think atheists across the world should send pakistan's government a message on monday!  tell them that we won't stand for their religious thuggery!
"write a letter to the pakistani ministry of law and justice telling them that you don't agree with their law, or their actions regarding this matter   here is their email address annoyed \contact@molaw gov pk"
"i think i understand now why old men seem to be so damn grumpy   it seems like the longer i live, the more i hate people in general   i don't really feel like elaborating, but trust me    i have good reasons "
here is oklahoma's list of absurd laws regarding blasphemy and religion in general:
"as far as i know, not one single human being has been killed tortured imprisoned or even fined for claiming that they don't believe that bigfoot exists   why then is it that, in our society, true believers in religious nonsense seem to \deserve\"" so much more respect than true believers in bigfoot?"""
"and what the hell makes religious fundamentalists think that, just because they're wearing nice suits and carrying a bible, i want them on my property?!  i was just disturbed by two elderly gentlemen fitting that description this morning   ooh, i was pissed!"
"can't wait to get down to see my son and spend time with him (and the wife, i guess) this independence day weekend!  now that should be a real blast!"
"so, i just had a thought (you've been warned!)     what's wrong with bigamy?!  if everybody involved is perfectly okay with the situation, what business is it of the state (or society in general) to interfere and tell them they can't do that?  if you're for gay marriage, you should be for multiple spouses, as well   i don't see a difference "
"time to clean and pack, in anticipation of moving to a better apt  on thursday, after my recovery from surgery tomorrow!  should be a fun week, especially considering the heat wave   "
"less than two hours 'til i have to be at the hospital to have a big ball of rotting hair removed from inside my body cavity near my tailbone   whoopeeeee!!!  so looking forward to waking up from that!!!  sometimes, i hate science   "
"thinks everybody should watch \the invention of lying\"" with <propmale> gervais   great flick """
"so, if you noticed, my abusive wife and i are no longer together   bring on the single ladies!!!  yeehawwww!!!"
"so, my wife has started a smear campaign on her fb profile against me now   that's awesome "
"does anybody know of any good, free sources (websites, videos, etc) that teach critical thinking skills?  i know i've seen some good ones on youtube, but i can't seem to find them   any help would be greatly appreciated "
"rest in peace, <propfirst> <propfirst> myers "
"so, my stepbrother just died the other day, and my mom, stepdad and sister all immediately flew out to los <propfemale> (he just graduated from southwestern law) to take care of everything   i don't have that much money, but i could get a ticket, hotel room, and rental if i needed to   who votes that i get down there asap, even though my mom is telling me to wait until they bring him to phoenix, where he will be buried?"
"@ <propfirst> airport, flight leaves @ 5 smile 0, arrive in l a  @ 10:18   don't really know how everything's gonna go down once i get there   all i know is that i will be there "
"who thinks that a marriage's foundations includes trust, honesty, open communication, and sharing your entire life (including finances and property, even when there is inequality on either side)?"
why does death always bring out the crazy in people?
"spent the night with <propfirst>'s best friends   the more i learn about my brother, the more i realize how great of a guy he really was "
"in phoenix now, just waiting to get <propfirst> over here and lay him to rest with his mother   i'm sorry to be moving on from his life with his friends, because there was so much i could learn about <propfirst> from them   but i'm also glad to finally have time to reach out to his side of the family, as well as to focus more on my immediate family, so we can all heal together "
"<propfirst>'s funeral will be on saturday, july 31st at 10 a m  at the heritage funeral chapel in peoria, az   he will then be cremated and buried with his mother at double buttes cemetery in tempe, az   look for his obituaries in the la times, the union leader, and i believe the arizona republic newspapers, which should be published this wednesday or thursday "
heading off to the grand canyon with the family for a few days   should be good for us all 
"i've just realized that i suck   i suck really, really bad   i really want to be a better person   from now on, i will strive to be the best person that i can be "
"so, i saw a giant bull moose standing in the middle of the road tonight, as i was blazing by at about 80 mph in my silly little mustang   if that thing had been standing in my <propfirst>, i would have had a moosetang!  haha     i'm gonna drink a beer now   "
"i have no fridge   that sucks   my house smells   that sucks   i'm hungry   that sucks \\my landlord sucks!"
"here's a thought i just had, wanted to share it annoyed \-i'm a homophobeophobe  i hate homophobes 'cause i don't understand 'em "
how long would you put up with someone who is constantly negative towards you?
"weezer!!!!  weeeeeeeeeeezerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!  yay!!!  new album, 9 14!!!  yeeeeeeee-hawwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!  (i love weezer)"
"i just tried to join the islamic thinkers society's fb group, and - go figure - they don't allow anybody to post messages on their wall   their admins are cowards who are afraid to provide any information about themselves, but they allow people to send them messages   so i invited them to my group, \make every day 'draw <propmale> day \""  i hope that sticks a hair up their asses """
"youth in revolt = first movie i've sat through without being able to even pause for a cigarette break since i started smoking (excluding theater flicks, of course, since you can't pause those   )   i recommend that everbody watch that movie at least ten times a day!"
"so     i could have died yesterday, but luckily i was only going 5 mph when my lower ball joint snapped on my front left wheel   if that had happened while i was blazing down 93 at 100+ mph yesterday, i would not be here typing this   "
do any of my friends know a lot about the 4th amendment to the us constitution?  i have some generic questions about it that i could use some answers to   
"pats won, baby!!!  a little redemption from last week feels goooood!!!"
"apparently, i am an asshole because not only do i not want to go to jail for no reason, but i actually can't go to jail   therefore, my wife has good reason to despise me and destroy our marriage   makes perfect sense to me   "
