97fa067e7578ce8635eb25a148fbca25
headaches bite   
facebook is new to me   its confusing
tired as hell
hoping for the best  
e playful ect the une playful ected   can tell you've been neglected   are you feeling like this could be the night that everything is right it feels so perfect   and we're all we want to hear right now    this could be the night it feels so perfect   i just hope i'm n
"you're just another <propfemale> that's burnt out to quickly, but i still see you shining"
is counting the days    
tigers got this
woo tigers kicked ass!
got a new haircut   it's still weird to me but i kinda like it 
''its a quarter after one im a little drunk and i need you now ''
in the moving process and boy     it really fucking sucks     only a few more days!
"aint no sunshine when she's gone  its not warm when she's away  aint no sunshine when she's gone, she's always gone too long, anytime she goes away "
almost done!!!!! cant wait til i get my own bathroom in my new room damnit!
"no, hard feelings, i still love ya  sorry for my attitude toward you "
"all my devotion betrayed, i am no longer afraid, i was too blinded to see, how much you've stolen from me "
it's stranger than fiction how you've decayed    
"say nothing, your eyes begin to burn, lies, hate spewing as you turn  away you walk our friendship and past forgot, i seen you do it betrayal forever haunts  how could you do this? just let me fall, face down my arms against the wall  i'll pick myself up i always do, thrown it away again how typical of you "
"gotta work at 1, fuckin tired, kinda hungry, will i make a mcdonalds run?"
this week is a hard one and will be forever more   
going to see lady gaga when she comes!!!  can't wait!  when are tickets on sale?!?!
anyone else going to mayhem fest?
"take the time to write the rhyme listen close you'll fall into my thoughts holding on, the tension ungodly strong, you'll break me i know it, the friend is gone "
"today has brought us all together, for the passing we'll remember  think nothing of sadness just of happiness, were here for her as she's watching over  her presence longs to be forever around us, passionate and caring, strong and uplifting "
cancun baby!!!! ow ow! getting my passport tomorrow!
get my passport in 4 weeks!!!!
jagermeister is the key to happiness!
"peace, the jager has rested "
9 more weeks! woooooo! fuck you waterford i'm out!!!
"\the pen is blue  the pen is blue  the god damn pen is blue!\"""""
fucking work at 9      dreading it        sad 
i hate big boy      
smoke another then hittin the hay  gotta get up at the crack of <propfemale> to head to the shit hole     ugh 
i love sleep 
"where i'm at right now, i ain't got no tolerance for somethin stupid, or hatred, or envy  \\if you bringin any one of those, how bout, leave me alone "
i'm in love with music 
lovin tech n9ne!
thinkin about writing    but eating first 
this headache needs to go away!!
circle of death! fun as hell drinking game  work at 5 til close    > sad 
what a party    smile 
subway   smile 
4 more weeks then mexico bitches!!! woo!
"i'm feelin it  definately  this is nice, just like old times!"
party at my house!!!!
the simple things in life are the best    smile 
partied too hard but going to do it again tonight  taking it easy til then 
you ask yourself    why is it always your fault for being honest and truthful?
needs some excitement in life 
isn't it so aggrivating when you always want what you can't have?
getting the fuck outta here for a week!!
8 more days!!
"just got from vacation, it was a blast! mucho cerveza!!"
i'm back in town text or call me 
"has never been pushed into a pool fully clothed shoes, smokes and all    until yesterday "
i love beer 
"\and you know this man    \"""""
party at my house on wednesday at 7 byob
"anyone thats coming, call me an let me know "
"work was mess, time to relax and enjoy the night "
today was blah   
i wanna go to cedar point!
the weekend is coming and i cant wait!
"enjoyin the beer, gonna be a fun night   smile "
another fun night comin my way  woo!
long ass day at work   ready to fuckin chill out 
anyone wanna drink?
<propfemale> in chains soon whose goin?   smile 
don't you just want to rip your hair out sometimes!??
"\just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank god  i don't know but today seems kinda odd \"""""
work all fuckin day tomorrow   need that money though 
"i'm not your fool, nobody's fool "
"eat, drink and be marry "
the hair is freshly cut and dyed 
thinkin about doin a mohawk for the concert   
your the fuckin best   
"\i before e except in budweiser\"""""
wow i feel amazing  
"\i couldn't face a life without your light \"""""
don't you hate those people that only talk to you so they can talk shit the next day!
craving that mcdonalds   it's like a drug 
ugh   it's too early    yay work 
thinkin about movin out  
"\im doin everything i can to get my buzz on\"""""
"\there's nothing in this world that can wash you away \"""""
im fucked up  everything is great! hahaha
i'm definitely lovin it 
insane in the membrane 
i fucking love you <propfemale>!
tipsy an headin up to party with the old crew 
"\love hates me  i'm fallin down \"""""
"\what is this national whats your fantasy day?\"" love you man  lol"""
that just made my fucking day!  woo!   smile 
tonight is gonna be trippy!
life is short so live it up!!!
what's on my mind? food!
"i will not blame you for anything, hard to realize, hard to believe, i know you did the best you could for me "
almost halloween!
feelin fabulous
what the fuck???
"right now my mind is racing\pacing through all these changes\thinking of how to face this\believe me yes i'm speechless\unspoken your my weakness"
i'm dying to know  
kiss my motherfucking ass   
so lost    
you're blind
even though we had our fucked up issues i still fuckin love everything you do an howm uch an strong i feel  wooooow! here goes a song that is playing on the radio an it blows my mind becuz i think that for you 
baaaaaby your my aaaaaaangel! come an save me tonight  
it's the holiday! !  woo!
this shit is fuckin awesome!
cant wait for today to be over an it just started  
get outta your mind!
so many things so little time  
bitch i might be  
i think my work is haunted  
fml
"\all that shit seems to disappear when im with you \"""""
tonight is gonna be a good fuckin night!
i love breakfast!!
wooooah <propmale>  tonight is a good night!
i hate this weather    
a new chapter has risen  
i love music  especially  when it e playful lains everything that's happening or situations i've been and am going through 
"had a great night, with exceptional interuptions, about to eat and fall asleep "
"mcdonalds, shit im lovin it, eleven beers later  "
go away snow!! come on spring time!
i want this more than anything before 
iam the bartender for tonight!
ich liebe dich 
i got a red wii for xmas!!! woo! its goin to be a looooooooong night!
gettin tipsy an playin the wii  psh ha cant be more fun 
lovin every minute of it!
"your not just the bomb, you da mega bomb!"
so far one day strong 
bought some new clothes today   my pocket was screamin but im lovin the outcome 
"\trust i seek and i find in you  every day for us something new  open mind for a different view  and nothing else matters \"""""
sixty bucks in gift cards to subway  damn im stocked for months!
just figured out what p s  stands for   haha
locked my keys in the car while its running   today cant get any fuckin better  
"''if life gives you lemons, say fuck the lemons and bail ''"
my work has to be haunted   
something so little turned out to be enormous  i'm loving every minute of the intensity it brings on me  only deeper will i fall 
''its like caaaandy  caaaandy ''
"\believe in me  i know you've waited for so long  believe in me  sometimes the weak become the strong \"""""
"\cause i don't wanna come back down from this cloud \"""""
im so fuckin happy!
all these disney movies have so many subliminal messages  the old tv shows and there songs backwards are very disturbing  way to go walt disney 
blastin motley crue with the madre!
taaaccooooo diiiiip!
despite my anger my heart belongs to you 
getting reunited with my siblings  god how i miss them so fucking much!
''theet!''
don't text 911 to facebook  they will not help you 
jubilant!
empty house friday!
party up or go home!
i want to learn how to break dance
oh no    mariah <propfirst> is playing in my living room  haha
"me: you got fantasy on there?\mom: ya lets play it!!\\what have i gotten myself into    "
why does facebook keep telling me not to text 911!? im not texting that! wtf  
"going through this tragedy can never be easy because it dangles itself in front of your heart teasing  there will come a time for joyful memories and remembering, but for now it's time for gentle, sentimental healing "
nymphetamine
i love type o negative!!
just burnt a badass cd!
god i love r&b so soothing
about to be a good ass night!
sonic how i love you!
fuck you  fuck me? oh baby dont threaten me with a good time    wink 
nyquil finally kicks in  ahh going to get good sleep tonight     smile 
today is a great day!   smile 
it's so fuckin nice out an im stuck working all day   what a bitch   
cant escape the riharb!
i love this blanket
\i never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that i keep  locked inside of me so deep  it always seems to get to me  i never really wanted you to go so many things you should have known \,97fa067e7578ce8635eb25a148fbca25,i love jager!!! what a fabulous monday  hell ya!
wasted driving for an answer  music saves me 
''i think im losing im losing my mind ''
\in 7 days my schizophrenia breaks my brain cavity waves \,97fa067e7578ce8635eb25a148fbca25,you'll fucking get yours one day  i pray <propfemale> eats you alive 
just found my package deal for the trip  woo!!
scarface    pure mobster legend     smile 
almost drunk keep it comin
i love breakfast!
