3d70145aa014fe3cdfab4d57a956748d
"is (finally) back in vancouver  alas, i have also gotten sick  this has now become a new years tradition for me "
is now on twitter to see what the fuss is about  http annoyed  twitter com the_ss2k
rip <propfirst> <propmale>  please leave the children in heaven alone 
thinks <propfirst> bay is a racist (and a doofus) 
loves that the sedins are staying with the canucks! happy canada day!
happy independence day!
is opalmus prime 
can't believe they renamed the sears tower  what moron thought that was a good pr move?
"is busy with <propfemale> work  having fun, though!"
"is in ketchikan, alaska! will be back august 11 "
will be in juneau in a few hours  back on august 11!
"just left sitka  next up: wrangell, alaska  back on august 11 "
is back in vancouver!
i have a free copy of madden 09 for xbox 360 if anyone wants it 
thinks bieksa's getting traded somewhere  canucks suddenly have too many defensemen and are over the cap 
won't have internet until monday 
"is back online! yes, i know, you all missed me terribly "
wonders: which film will be more terrible? a) 2012; b) legion; or c) nothing will ever top transformers: revenge of the fallen 
football!!!
"managed to draft datsyuk, brodeur, and the sedin twins on his fantasy hockey team  not bad for my first time!"
is off to the regent retreat for the weekend!
is back from the retreat! what a great weekend!  smile 
"just witnessed his ipod get wiped  30 gigs of music    gone  you're dead to me, itunes "
joy of joys! hockey is back! go canucks go!
pats win! booyah!
"is never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you "
"bow down before me, mortals, for i have made jambalaya, feast of (cajun) kings!"
just found himself (in his car) on google street view vancouver!  laugh 
is off to portland for thanksgiving weekend!
"is back in the real vancouver, at least for a night "
"is now off to kingston, ontario!"
is back  back again 
gotta keep the devil down in the hole 
thinks this was one of the best days of football ever  are the patriots this good or are the titans really that bad?!
just got an a on the ot midterm! i survive to fight another day! huzzah!
freaking yankees  *pukes*
is not feeling all that well today 
finally finished the diagrammatic summary  now it's on to finish the ctc paper!
is celebrating his first american thanksgiving (since moving to canada many years ago)!
"sometimes i wonder if i would get more offers by advertising my place as \cat needs roommate\"" and removed myself from the equation entirely """
wow  texas wins  what an ending!
would anyone be interested in seeing disney's the <propfemale> and the frog this weekend?
what the hell    i just found a dead centipede in my house!
"bought his secret <propfemale> gift! it's a good one, too   smile "
suit up!
is done! finished! completeo!
have yourself a <propfemale> little christmas!
"got a christmas text from someone whose phone number starts with 604-723  i'm sorry, but i don't know who you are! <propfemale> christmas anyways!"
bears beat vikings  good times 
is in portland for an extra day due to snow! won't be back until new year's <propfemale> 
"finally saw avatar  yeah, it was pretty awesome "
"that's what you get for sacking all those monasteries in england and <propfemale>, you dirty vikings! go saints!"
"is it just me, or is the ipad almost completely pointless?"
who dat
just saw the olympic torch run by regent  it was admittedly pretty cool 
was left speechless by the opening ceremony  not entirely sure it was in a good way 
"okay, so team canada is now a pretty good hockey team "
needs to get toews stitched onto his jersey  he also needs to get himself to a hospital to make sure his heart is still working  what a game 
"needs to finish this ctc paper before tomorrow  caffiene, do your thing!"
could hardly sleep last night  it should be a good game! go canada go
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  canada! toews for prime minister!
"so canada wins an incredible hockey game, breaks the medal record, and bids the world goodbye with an awesome ending ceremony  all in all, a good day  god bless canada   smile "
"is recovering after his biopsy  it went well, but it's not something i'd like to do again!"
"is loving this weather, but it's putting me in the mood for baseball in march  that ain't right "
just got mlb tv  it owns 
"good grief, it's snowing at ubc "
is going 80s shopping tomorrow  here's hoping mcfly bender bueller donated to the salvation army recently!
shame on the nhl  for not suspending <propmale> downie for his attack on <propfirst> crosby  what a joke of a league 
feels like a drink  i wonder if the pubs are going to be busy at all tonight? nahhhh    it's wednesday 
best jakeprom ever
can't believe he just lost his fantasy hockey league by one freaking point 
"playoffs, baby! go canucks go"
happy birthday to me i'm a hundred-and-three i smell like a monkey so a monkey i    be?
"thanks for the birthday greetings, everybody! i'm sorry i couldn't get a canucks win tonight  my powers are mighty, but not as mighty as alberts' incompetence   sad "
"is off to that bright light city to set my soul on fire  vegas, baby!"
is very happy to be back home in the city of (round 1) champions 
"hey, blackhawks: take your stupid \doo doo da doo\"" song and stick it """
is off to chicago for a week  back on may 11th!
needs the jets to hurry the heck up and come back to winnipeg so i can start cheering for them instead of these soul-crushing canucks teams   sad 
i don't know what i'm more nervous about: game 6 of canucks blackhawks tomorrow night or the city of glendale's vote tomorrow that could send the jets back to winnipeg  here's hoping for an extra-lucky day   
canucks get bumped from the playoffs and it looks like the jets ain't going to winnipeg anytime soon  it has not been a good day   sad 
"is very glad his landlords waited until now to get cable because holy cow, i have more than 200 channels  i get everything  school just got ko'd "
open invite to come to my house to watch game 2 of the <propmale> cup finals tonight  puck drops around 5!
that was the most ridiculous end to the nhl playoffs i've ever seen 
u-s-a! u-s-a! u-s-a! u-s-a! u-s-a! u-s-a! u-s-a
"okay, so toy story 3 was just as amazing as i hoped  anyone interested in seeing it? i want to watch it again!"
is headin' down to seattle to see the cubs take on the mariners  go cubs go!
is going to winnipeg this weekend! first time back since i moved 12 years ago!
"just put his cellphone through the washing machine  if you need to contact me, either email or facebook me!"
"\that's it! back to winnipeg!\"""""
"has returned to the land of mountains, forests, and ocean "
"just got a new cellphone! same number, but i lost all my contacts  i have unlimited minutes for the next 6 months, so feel free to call and let me know where you're at!"
"is moving into his new digs tonight! doesn't have internet yet, so it'd be best to call text instead for the next few days "
"is moved in, back online, and ready to start the new school year!    probably "
"<propfirst> made extra lasagna tonight, so if you want to eat some and watch monday night football, just bring a couple bucks and come on over!"
daaaaaa bears!
"happy thanksgiving, eh?"
just got his american passport  dual-citizen powers activate!
"have it your way, vancouver  i was going to wait until next week, but if you're going to snow, i'm bringing out the christmas music "
"baby, it's cold outside!"
"internet is down at home until friday, so online contact will at a minimum this week!"
"has anyone taken <propfirst> wilkinson's class, \living in creation\""? i'm trying to decide between it and provan's \""i & ii kings \"""""
"i can't compete\with the clear eyes of strangers\i'm more and more replaced\by my friends each night"
wishing you and yours a very <propfemale> christmas!
the only division leader to win this weekend was the seahawks  go figure!
"90 years, 121 games, and it all comes down to today  bear down!"
"london, baby! tickets are booked!"
sweet home chicago
"all right, it's on  i'm giving up coke (and all other sodas) for lent  heaven help me "
