c4441b4144d23e786cee70ba90a8d5e4
i'm getting lasik on friday july 17th at 2 smile 0!  that will be a week after my 22nd birthday which is july 7th!  woot woot   i am ecstatic!  smile   amw +jmw = 4ever
"father's day is sunday   anatomy and physiology i - lab test tuesday   i gotta know 206 bone markings, yeah <propmale> it's getting harder!! *sticks out tongue*   lasik friday, july 17th, 2009 at 2 smile 0 "
lab test tomorrow on the axial and appendicular skeletons of the skeletal system   that is approximately 206 bones bone markings that i know for tomorrow!  wish me luck! still counting down my days till lasik on july 17th @ 2 smile 0 pm 
got through slicing a watermelon   will be enjoying some with the hubby tonight   laugh   anatomy and physiology is exhausting though i will be studying more tonight!
july 4th weekend was awesome   my new friend rocks!  smile 
going to put up some old pictures today   
"pop quiz today, lec test thursday [chapt 14-17], lasik friday, lab test next tuesday, && final exam next thursday!!  sounds like a lot of studying for in the next two weeks   "
"recuperating after lasik    my day has been filled with naps, eye drops, and more naps!  laugh "
"kicking it up a notch with power study week so here we go   last lab test today [brain, ear, mohawk man, human half head model, the list of unusual model names goes on and on    ] and then the exam [126 questions]    this feels like cruel and unusual puni"
glad the exam is over!!  concert weekend starts!!    smile 
doesn't like when it looks like it's gonna rain    hopefully if it rains today then it doesn't pour   i am not looking forward to august 17th   four classes in the fall   icky icky poo!
fall semester 09'    i wish i could go back to bed with the husband but my classes start too early 
"thinks it is trickery to be able to sleep in on tuesday but then have to get up super early to be at school by 8 surprise 0 on m, w, th, & f!!"
is fixing green tea to jumpstart my morning!!  maybe it can help with my memory too   8 surprise 0 am organic biochem  
just got my hair did and feeling super gr8t   now i want my hubby wub to come home!!
i wish i could just sleep in all day long     =[ =p =?  annoyed \  annoyed   smile 
is ready to be through with the test!
washed my car so now i feel better  
*meow* more pictures to come since i'm not stressing over tests [for now]    off to dream land with me for now 
it's that week   yep yep   lovely girly-mones   lecture test today!  felt good about the lab test yesterday for the first time in forever   i miss hanging out with my friend! =[
"wow, i haven't been on this thing in forever  "
so it's friday the 13th everybody   how are you spending it?
i've got a test today in 211   i hope that i remember everything about the urinary and reproductive systems   you might think you know everything there is to know about reproduction because you have sex    well if that is what you think then you'd be surprised!  there's much more to reproduction than simply having a penis or vagina   yep yep 
"it's official   i'm a twi-fan   also, happy thanksgiving!  smile "
it's a great day to be alive i know the sun's still shinning when i close my eyes    smile 
"chilling chillling   wish it would snow because hot cocoa, my hubby, and cuddling sounds so good!"
okay now my temptation to go public then drop it like a bad habit is over!  =p  tee he he!  *devil horns showing cuz i bit the halo* *meow*
"but seriously, i love my sister!  so don't mess with the best!"
"i'm happy it's friday   no classes, thank god   smile   general organic biochemistry   oh yeah "
chemistry chemistry chemistry    oh yeah 
"doppelgänger week: change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like (actor, musician, athlete, etc )  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut & paste this to your status "
so for science club we might get to name a creek and we are going to pick up trash along around lake bowen   sounds sweet   smile 
listening to some tunes before class    i love this new song gangsta luv and i also like bedrock   addicting beats!  chemistry is alright but two in one day for three days straight is crazy!! =p
life is a terminal disease 
chm 105 test 2 over 
nutrition test tonight then afterwards maybe i can finally remember what sleep feels like  
it's snowing    *fingers crossed*  please cancel classes    laugh   watch it not stick    sad 
"i'm so ready for april 26th  !?!? blah, these night classes   so anyways   on a much kewler note, i'm getting my hair did tomorrow!  smile "
chemistry quiz in 45 mins!  blah   =p  i can't wait for summer   it needs to hurry up   lol
"i am so happy that all my tests for this week are done   i think i did good in nutrition last night   &&& i think i'm gonna end up with an a, b, and b for this semester!  what a wonderful way to start off my summer break!!!  smile   toodles!"
"omg, farmville has taken over my site   ha ha!"
"test at 8 surprise 0 am in chm 105   carbs, proteins, and enzymes   oh my!  i also have my two night classes and for nutrition i am giving a presentation tonight on eating disorders    boy, am i ever ready for a day to be dunzo!"
i'm so glad that my suckola day is suckola done!!  i'm ready for this semester to be over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i went to all my boring classes yesterday   4 more days of this and then the semester is over!  smile   yay!
studying for exams today   my first is tomorrow and yet i miss <propmale> like whoa   my love   love 
okay so i'm seriously not posting anymore farmville stuff    it has taken over my freaking wall!!
"i made a 90 on my chm 100 exam   i have a nutrition exam tonight and then a chm 105 exam tomorrow morning and then i'm done   finally, cashing out on this semester!  hello summer and hello life!  yay!  smile "
listening to <propmale> cook retaliation    he's still funny to me!   smile 
happy mother's day to all! it's a beautiful day out for the occasion   smile 
can't wait till next friday   it's moving day for us!   smile 
i need to get up soon  <propmale> and i are gonna see our chap mattman later on today!  love 
i received wonderful news yesterday that my sister is doing good after having spinal surgery monday  the surgery was scheduled months in advance but has been a source of concern for me because the spine is a crucial yet fragile area   i am so relieved and very happy that she will be able to go home friday to start the recovery process   i love my little sister and i know she'll do great this summer!
"tgif!  it's moving day for <propmale> and i    also today, <propfirst> gets to go home with my g-rents to <propfirst>   i am definitely going to visit with her this weekend   things are moving right on schedule and i am looking forward to being in our new house by today!  love "
"chilling at the room with my sweets  might get ready soon and hit the beach  it's not so packed on the strip right now  everybody is either hungover or exhausted from all the action yesterday  i think i've seen so many raised lacs  my favorite was the one with the cinnamon toast crunch logo, lol "
we got back from the beach monday night   i was exhausted after having drove four hours!  but it was totally worth the trip   i  love  my <propfemale>   i'll have to put up some pictures later   i didn't take as many as i had hoped because i was too busy having fun  =p
i got accepted into the dental assisting program at greenville tech!!!!  i got my acceptance package in the mail yesterday so it's official   i'm excited and orientation is june 25th!  i can't wait till i can buy my uniform    smile 
"as of yesterday, i am healthcare providers cpr and aed certified   it'll be good for the next two years through the american heart association  =p"
"as of 1:15 am yesterday, i am 23 years old!  i want to thank everyone who gave me birthday wishes and who made my birthday extra special!  <propmale> and i celebrated my birthday at wasabi in spartanburg   they have high quality sushi accompanied with great variety   it's always great and my birthday rocked   smile "
sleepy sleeps on a monday in the morning   love 
"up, up, up and planning to head towards <propfirst> to visit with the extended fams   smile   love "
wow having 6 classes is going to be so much more work than i could've ever imagined!  i'm going to order my scrubs friday and i'm so excited about that   i'll have to get some pictures with my uniform   i'm looking into shoes too   i really wanna buy danskos but they are so e playful ensive!  smile   we'll see  
"have you ever heard a song on the radio and the next thing you know the song is stuck in your head?  well i am there right now!  it's \lesson in love\"" <propfemale> <propfirst> messina and although i'm not normally a country gal   i love that song """
"wow   facebook totally got me to tag some pictures today    smile   random   what fun it is being up at 5:20 am    i guess, anyways?"
k i s s  keep it simple stupid 
learned more about dental charting  it's awesome and so are my team members  we have mad skills! kcdat   smile 
"so i forgot all about the release of fallout: new vegas somewhere between studying for chapters 46, 15, 58, and 59   i can't wait to pick it up and play it tonight!  also, picked up <propmale> wake over the weekend since gamestop had buy two get one free   that game is great to play in the dark "
got sushi on the brain  gotta fuel up for my keyterms quiz tomorrow on 19  this chapter is a biggie for danb 
i made a 95 on my competencies for class which feels great! 6 exams total + 2 over a 3 day span = blah! luckily 4 down and 2 to go tomorrow!  hope i pass the rest with b's or maybe higher   i so wish that 91 5 was an a [that was my highest grade on dental materials] =p   in this college program a is a 94 or higher  
put up or shut up!  playful 
"please\change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your \childhood  the goal? to not see a human face on facebook until monday \the 6th of dec  join the fight against child abuse, and invite your \friends to do the same "
"this past weekend was pretty eventful   we bought a real christmas tree for the first christmas celebrated in our new home   i get so excited when i think about all the ways in which i can decorate and all the sweet things i can cook   it's going to be great!  also over the weekend, we got a kenmore steam dryer which matches our kenmore washer  i hope with it's addition we can give the iron a rest   lol "
"on a random whim, i decided to get a spray tan before going to a concert with my <propmale> in atlanta tonight!  we'll be seeing darkest hour w  periphery and veil of <propfemale>   he  love  's his metal   on another note, i had so much fun yesterday hanging out with my bff <propfemale> lord!  sometimes i miss my good old <propfirst>, north <propfemale>  =p"
crowd surfed for the first time at masquerade last night   i got to the front of the stage && it was fun!  smile 
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all and goodnight!  love 
so happy i passed the ice portion of danb!  smile   now all i need is to beat halo 3 which i started playing over my break and get a good nights rest 
