0a9385a7e45852d18bf370d5f7710e14
needs to cook something awesome tonight 
's feet hurt from shopping all day for apartment stuff 
is gonna go take a jacuzzi tub bubble bath 
's sleep schedule has been totally revolutionized  why the hell is she up at 730 am???
is officially in gainesville and officially unhappy with the traffic  she's at reitz union if anyone wants to say hi 
just deferred payment on a root beer  yes!
"hunted for used textbooks all day, found a plato's closet and a goodwill, swam in the pool, went to crispers and <propmale> out with some cool people today  bedtime!"
does anyone know why all of the sudden i'm not registered for any classes on <propfemale>???? am i the only one??? wtf 
is now in her classes and had a schedule  crisis averted  she also loves the hookah bar here  sex on the beach flavor!
there's so much weed here!
"hates gainesville, but likes the people!"
loved learning about international politics and sex today  her human sexuality prof looks like <propmale> frasier 
every day here is a millenium 
is loving it 
is wondering why in classes of 2 to 600 people she is still the one who answers all the questions and asks the most compelling ones 
met awesome friends today!
is watching her big tv all by herself and doing homework  it's raining!
thinks everyone should watch <propmale> mahr's religulous 
doesn't want to go to philosophy  she is very jaded with the inapplicable and inefficient and relatively useless circle thinking that is required 
"was stung by a puss caterpillar today and spent a few hours screaming in the uf infirmary  she is still is much pain and is by herself on a friday night  for those of you ufers   stay the fuck away from the oak trees on campus, unless you have a thing for excrutiating pain  i knew i hated gainesville "
home with the new york times and can't wait for the weekend already 
loves taking 16 credits! * sarcam*
what's the difference between a clitoris and a golf ball?  a man will spend 15 minutes looking for his golf ball  smile   --courtesy of my human sex class
has a party going on in her house  fer realz 
"woo for teamwork on lecture notes and book outlines   ! lectures, smectures "
has a <propfemale> on her lap  joyful 
"is a <propmale> surprised at how easy college is: from her earlier exam: \matching: 6  <propfirst> <propmale>         a  wrote on the origin of species \"""""
just discovered that she can order a starbucks cinnammon dolce frappeccino with light blended coffee and cut the calories from about 370 to 110  awesome 
just figured out how to ?
"got a 92 on her international politics (written, as in essays) exam  hellz yeah "
textbook: $113 00  laptop: $839 00  exam booklet: $00 89  cramming in half a semester's worth of moral philosophy material in 8 hours and acing the exam? priceless 
thinks that driving in gainesville sucks 
so who from a graduated edgewood class is going to the show on friday?
"dirty rotten scoundrels kids, you guys were amazing  congrats!"
whoever said that life is better when you're a teenager in high school was smoking something hardcore  life totally rocks now 
is seriously going to maul over a pedestrian one of these days in the godforsaken gainesville roadways 
loves her kitten  joyful 
"so apparently there's these religious right-wingers in turlington again, but this time they're handing out copies of on the origin of species with a forward by some guy talking about intelligent design and god  and here i was all excited that there was finally some intelligent people advocating sanity to college students  oh and the worse part? they're doing this at universities -across the country- "
"somebody tell me why i am never told anything that is going on in my apartment,including a wall being painted black,parties being held during which a keg is placed in front of my door and its foulsmelling beer contents leaked into my bedroom,beer is spilled all around my tv and bluray player and sticking to my xbox360,strangers are invited and my apartment is on the whole basically completely trashed w o my consent "
feels horrible 
"aww   c'mon gators, what was that!?"
"consequentialism, paper, smoothie, and a cookie "
business law   
"you're rippin' up the dance floor <propfemale>, you shake your ass around for everyone! i love the way you dance with anybody, and tease them all by suckin' on your thumb!"
doesn't want the wedding singer to be this weekend because she doesn't want to drive!
cabaret with <propfemale> minelli is fantastic!
great faith debate anyone? i can't believe hitchens came to beerville  sweet 
<propfirst> hitchens thought i was hawt  it's comforting to know i can attract badass intellectuals 
nickelback concert on monday!
anyone want to rent a room in gainesville for the summer?
nickelback on my mind    joyful 
nickelback concert was awesome! got a guitar pick thrown directly at me by <propmale> and danced on camera a bunch and got wooed by the audience! music was badass   they can seriously play!
my final exam in poly sci has to be 12 pages long  fml!
today is official eat junk food and don't give a shit about the calories day 
gone poledancing 
"oh silly 12 <propfemale> paper exam, why must you stand in the way of europe and i?"
is having a great time with just her friends on the cruise! thanks so much for the birthday wises!
guess who is in <propfemale>!
oops it's spain i was in  pounds don't make sense  i got to drink apple beer at a bar!
off to e playful lore alicante (spain)  hopefully some european heels are on the horizon    joyful 
barcelona was so beautiful! so studying abroad there one day!
one of these days i swear i'll develop a work ethic 
i like living vicariously through everyone on my facebook 
wants an ipad 
why is it that men who are the biggest losers and good-for-nothings are so ballsy?
is in cocoa beach
ugh   sooo much working! someone come see me   
lovin' life!
astronomy professor=smokin' 
first day of classes   and 300 pages of reading!
"i'm gonna give myself a personal <propfirst> on the back for nonstop studying and work ethic since i got into beerville last night  i mean, i've actually read the required stuff -a day- ahead   joyful  come on, you know you want to give me kudos "
oh to be a broke college student   
go gators! i'll be celebrating in a bikini later 
finally seeing the fruits of my labors  joyful 
"no, i don't want to \party \"" <propfemale> thanks bye """
is a hooters girl!
"skinny jeans have the adjective \skinny\"" in the title for a damn good reason  look in the mirror """
"to all the people who think you know a person based on what you hear, you're all imbeciles "
not a good day  apparently my professor doesn't know that constitutional liberalism encompasses rule of law and because i didn't specifically mention rule of law in a paper about military coup analysis i somehow only deserve a b- despite fluid writing and focused accurate argument  fml 
<propfemale> is a bitch 
"much better week  thank you sexy boyfriend, awesome roommate  and a on astronomy exam  now if i can just get my accounting exam and pompous authoritarian government professor to put out, then we're in the clear!"
"how to avoid campus attacks to go and vote: when they say \have you voted today?\"" just nod and smile  works like a charm """
why is ramen so good?
i only go to taco <propfemale> for the dew 
my brain has come back and i am back in town biznatch 
how the hell can people live on 8 bucks an hour!?!?
"okay world, time to get off my jock  kthanksbye  sincerely, <propfemale> "
"note to world: if your genetics suck ass, don't freaking procreate  kthanksbai "
please tell me how uf can get away with a 730am exam on a saturday?! i'm suing for pain and suffering 
"2 a's down-comparative politics and statistics, 2 to go, and the last one was doomed anyways cause it's in financial accounting where you have to actually apply yourself  pah "
don't hate just 'cause you can't 
"i'm a new staff writer for the <propmale> undergraduate international affairs journal's new blog, the diplomacist  look for me in the spring!"
