f527ff111a2c57c89391d07090a2cd0b
has to work today    ya gotta make some money 
"is thinking about \kitchen club\""    """
is really tired and it's only quarter to 12  that's sad
ya friday should be a good day    
"is extremely upset with her car    it pretty much just freaked out on me  i have no idea what's wrong with it, but i'm pretty sure i can't drive it right now "
is going to possibly the last hot tub party of the summer 
done with school for the day  yay 
i wish i didn't get distracted so easily 
i feel like i want to get some sweet new sweat pants 
is wondering what kinda quotes i will get to take out of english today 
so according to facebook i am 75% blonde  i think someone else was taking the quiz at the same time and facebook got confused and switched out scores 
"pissed   oh, so pissed    seriously jury duty "
i hate speech! tuesday is gonna suck  i have to give mine first and i'm pretty sure i did it wrong 
"\ohhh im going to slap you in the cooter\"" there i wrote it down  bahahaha!!"""
new <propfemale> tomorrow??? hopefully 
"lets go pack, pull off the win  i dont wanna freeze my butt off for nothing "
rainbow
i found out today that there are more flavors of naked  i'm so excited 
i kinda think i'm becoming addicted to social interview 
can not wait till summer!!! so sick of snow and winter  ugh
hmmm    decisions decisions 
gahhh!!!
at the piggly wiggly with my mom   oh how i miss her 
is loving the weather today 
i hate wisconsin weather!!!!
i literally saw a grown man cry over crab meat tonight at work   haha made my night 
i jus saw <propmale> provan in a movie    so weird haha 
finds it quite funny how quick some people jump to conclusions   
first two exams kicked my ass 
my plans for tomorrow have changed   jus realized i have to work   sad 
"falalala falalala look at the bells, look at the bells  holy crap here comes jesus and he doesn't look to happy "
"i like to sing when i cut grass because i thought no one could hear me, well i guess i was wrong or i was jus singing a <propmale> bit too loud today  when i stopped cutting my family was clapping n making fun of me   embarrassing "
oddly enough country music is sounding so very sweet today 
bay beach with the family   smile 
good day gone bad   
skillet!! so excited!!!
loves me my old spice pure sport deodorant 
i feel like i live in the freaking rain <propmale>  sooo sick of rain!!!
"why is it that nothing on my body will shrink except my boobs    seriously, they cant get much smaller "
everything happens for a reason 
coloring with my lil sis   jus like old times 
i finally feel like things will be ok  god is good   smile 
"<propfemale> crocker better watch out, i jus made some darn good apple oatmeal cookies n zucchini bread "
is really not liking this whole packing thing 
tomorrow is gonna be one loooong day   
well the day is actually good thus far   on my way to oshkosh 
seriously freaking out     i think i found a gray hair already!!!!
exhausted   
"thank you, sunseekers for allowing me to get my tan on at 10 pm "
love how i was jus told today i will be getting moved    not how i thought i was gonna spend my day 
four words   thank god its friday!!!
"\i like turtles\"""""
"\i'm the banana!!\"""""
i like it on my desk 
that was definitely an epic fail!!!
is definitely loving the weather today 
sooo outta it today 
wow teen mom just made me cry   
"dear annoying girl sitting behind me in geography, could you please shut up for at 2 seconds  that would be greatly appreicated "
crank the spatula!!
project pudding     hopefully a success?
r i p <propmale>    you were such a good fish   sad 
guess who will be waiting in line tonight at midnight!!!!     not this girl          guys and cod
next semester is going to be the death of me     8 surprise 0 am classes 4 days a week     ughhh
the sorting hat says you should be in my house   wait    whats that   it also says you should be in my bed 
headed home to that hick town up north 
pretty sure im gonna be 30lbs heavier when i go back to school   holy crap way too much food 
yuck!!! i hate winter!!!
i just have to remember everything happens for a reason 
just heard the chipmunks christmas song!!! i love it   can't wait for christmas break!!
is jealous of everyone who is already done for the semester    
"i love catching only bits of conversations  i just heard someone say \i'm proud for not peeing all over the place \"" hahahaha """
"correction to last status    i love catching only bits of conversations  i just heard <propfemale> belanger say \i'm proud for not peeing all over the place \"" hahaha """
gahhhhhuahhhhhhhh!!!! finally  done!!!!
thanks to <propfirst> <propmale>'s parents i will be attending my very first packer game next sunday  sooooo excited!!!!
"never thought i would be saying this, but im offically addicted to glee "
"well my whole body may be frozen and i cant feel my feet,but     packers won!!!"
wow    thanks seahawks for giving the bears the game 
can't wait to visit jorden m fabry!!!!
i dont know if i have ever been so bored  sitting on a train for 7 hours with 3 and a half more to go    awesome
ughhh!!!! i cannot wait for the packers to dominate on sunday!!!!!
is getting very excited to see skillet friday!!!
sooooo glad its the weekend!!!!
has absolutely no motivation to do anything related to school   i feel like i have senioritis all over again 
