064e6feea8dd179d09c2da5528c06a9e
"man, it is getting hot here  makes the beach way better, but everything else a lot slower (and it makes my girls even meaner)  today <propfemale> bit me in the leg when i asked her what she wanted for lunch  when i asked her why she bit me, she yelled at me and "
"i'm taking my final tonight in speech  i am glad that this class is about over, i hate this class too much!"
"here i sit, bummed out  my daughter is a liar who thinks that she has sexy qualities  where did i go wrong?"
i have a musing  i was recently going through some old family photos when a came across old pics of my uncle <propmale>  what the hell was up with his hair? anyone?
"hey everyone, sleepover in my bedroom  the girls and i watched poltergeist tonight, and they said there is no way that they will sleep in their room  come on over everyone, the more the merrier!"
"i am glad that my cousin <propmale> talked me into getting an account here  yesterday alone, i chatted with my sister in the afternoon, uncle <propmale> and <propfirst> in the evening, and <propmale> and nic late last night  man, i think i need a life "
"had a great day today  slept in (got rid of the hangover), went to the beach where the waves were perfect and the water is finally hitting 80 degrees (not to mention all of the hotties in their <propfemale> bikinis), and then sharky's shrimp shack for dinner  man"
i better clean up my act on here  my old gal pee-pee is my pal now smile 
"school's out for marky! heading to the beach tomorrow  hope i don't see any shadow sharks, i might poop myself!     that's for you <propfemale>! lol!"
"man, after another awesome beach day, me and biza are riding home flipping through the channels when i came across \beat it\""  i looked at biz like \""what the hell?\"" and then they tell us of him passing  a bit of a schocker to me  one of my better memories """
"at the beach today, on three seperate occasions we were swimming with a school of stingrays  me being somewhat mental, i got right next to them (2'-3' away, <propmale>) and went under to watch them  the one time, there were about 100 of them, and when a huge wav"
"living in florida, it is that time of year to start watching the tropics  looks like things may be getting interesting pretty soon  can't wait to watch the new fl residents buy up all the gas and water as soon as there is a named storm  it is pretty freak"
"going to the beach tomorrow (or today, i guess)  another great thing florida has that michigan doesn't is a nice beach where the water temp doesn't make your ball sack retreat into your body! lmao! oh, dude, i do not miss living up there!"
"crappy, raindy day    bored! gonna go to the outlet malls and also get some fireworks for this weekend  another good thing about florida is that we have way better fireworks  you don't even need to go watch the city's show, you can just sit on your porch "
can't wait until saturday  i love the 4th  wooo-hooooo!
"just got back from the beach  it was pretty nice out there, but then as we were coming to shore to get ready to leave i took one more wave and tweaked the achilles that i tore last summer  it looks like it will probably be ok, but that scared the crap out"
"for the first time ever, i heard the ting-tings on a commercial radio station  i hope that this catches on, they rock!"
"hope everyone had a great 4th (or is still having it)! we didn't go to see the city's fireworks this year, we watched the awesome show from d c  on pbs, and then went out and did our own show for an hour and a half  it was friggin awesome! now kicking bac"
"for some reason, i'm feelin' kinda sunday "
"is getting pissed off! it won't stop storming  i love a good storm, but a storm everyday sucks when it's beach season  not to mention, my girls are getting antsy, and i'm afraid what they might do to me if they don't get to go soon  for all of you non-hea"
"thinks these <propfemale> asses who keep whining about global warming need to shut their pie-hole  it is friggin chilly this summer  i am not looking forward to packing jeans and sweaters for my trip to mi in august  on the bright side though, it is rare that yo"
"just got back from the beach, there was a break in the clouds so we took advantage  freaky crap going on there  the waves were awesome and relentless  just continuously beating the crap out of us  good for surfing, but bad for bodyboarding  well, the girl"
"looking forward to the train trip next month, and seeing d c  not looking forward to michigan's gloomy weather  oh well, the price one pays for their family "
"i'm so glad we finally have a color blind president (oops), and that he's doing such a good job recovering our economy with that awesome stimulus (what, the national unemployment is in double digits and climbing, and mi is over 15%)  well at least he's pu"
"well, at least there is this fair health care plan (unless you are old or deemed terminally ill)  um, how's our foreign relations going? is there anything he's doing right?!? oh, forget it    we're f***ed!"
"uh, oh  <propfemale>, did you see the reports out on tanning beds  yet another friggin thing that can give you cancer  is there anything now and days that they say won't increase our chances? i think these researches need to look for good things, not always tell"
"another sign that <propfemale> is my daughter    as <propfemale> was walking through the house last night, <propfemale> runs in front of her, drops her pants, bends over, and while mooning <propfemale> asks her \what i can do for you?\""  sounds a little like something i would do",",2009-07-29 17:25:11"""064e6feea laugh d179d09c2da5528c06a9e,"the good- leaving in two weeks to go on a train trip and see d c   the bad- have to put up with not one, but two families  the ugly- can't poop lately    need to eat more raisin bran "
"why in the hell is nic gorden a fan of kohl's? do you really have that many mundane interests nic? lol  out of all the goofy so and so is a fan of    things on the side here, nic's are the most plain things anyone has ever been a fan of  not knocking so m"
"ok people, in mafia wars, how can i lose a fight if i take 9 damage and deal out 18? wtf?"
"ok <propfemale>, i thought you were sending me a bodyguard, and a bunch of mafia members  what happened  i feel so abandoned "
thanks <propmale> cookseionionionionionio and fingers <propmale> for the gifts  much appreciated 
wondering why i am playing these games all the time?
"i just had the stupidest dude put me on the hit-list  first he attacked me 10x and lost every single time (lmao), and then he overpaid to get me killed ($1 8 mil)  unfortunately, i had just used up all of my stamina so i have to wait a few hours to go and kill him, and then <propmale> his casinos  that is something to look forward to  lol"
"holy crap! i went back and beat the guy up that attacked me (he did it 10x and lost them all) and then put me on the hit list  i beat him 13 times and then robbed his casinos a few times for a total of almost $2 mil  an hour later, he goes back and attacks me a half dozen more times (and loses them all)  will this guy ever learn?!? lmao!"
"if anyone wants to collect a bounty on me, i'm on the hitlist for the 5th time today  lol"
there's nothing worse than being put on the hitlist right after you've used up all of you stamina fighting  now i won't get any sleep tonight because i have to wait an hour or two for my stamina to build up so i can go kill this dude and <propmale> him blind   smile 
"sitting in the school library, posting on facebook instead of studying  my priorities are not so good   smile "
"hoping that this is the day that the lions will finally win a game  while i'm at it, i might as well hope to win the lottery, and hope that there will be world peace "
finally!!! the lions win!!! woohoo!!!
time to take the puppy in to play with my chinchillas  it works out well for me cause the puppy gets tired out just watching my chins fly past him   smile 
"mafia wars is really starting to piss me off lately  for the last few days, half the fights that i deal more damage than take, it says i lose  it happened every now and then before, but now it is getting to be a really bad habit  is this going on with anyone else?"
"i am playing an interesting game with the same 4 folks  one had his mafia attack me, and i killed two of them and put 2 more on the hitlist  some time later    i have put a combo of these guys on the hitlist 15 times in the last hour  they keep healing themselves so they can attack me  lol  i am usually not this petty, but they have made this a game too fun to pass up  lmao"
have to get off facebook  homework is calling (even though i don't want to listen)  i hate biology   sad 
"listening to the lions, nail-biting back and forth game  go lions!"
sitting here hoping that tebow will be playing this weekend  also hoping somehow that the lions will catch the steelers napping on sunday  that's a pretty big wish list for one weekend  lol
"good week of football  the gators beat #4 lsu, the lions play the steelers tough, and now the dolphins win a wild mnf game against the rival jets  i love football season!  smile "
studying for mid-terms next week  yeah 
"done with mid-terms, going to get drunk!"
finally broke down and watched the evil dead last night    pretty cool flick 
"the dolphins are letting this game slip away! man, wtf?!?"
"please help me, people  i still have a war open (it's never taken this long)  any help will be appreciated "
"about ready to take <propfemale> downtown trick-or-treating, and then it's back home to drink some rum and watch some scary movies  i loves me some halloween!"
"man, it got cold here without me even noticing  this sucks!"
"o k  maybe i'm a little dumb about mw, but if i'm a level 157, why would a dude who is level 331 set a $15,992,000 bounty on me? why wouldn't he just kill me himself? and why in the world would he waste that much money on a bounty? i don't get it "
"looking at pics of the family that <propmale> put up  holy crap, those people have really changed!"
bad football day    both the lions and dolphins lost  i'm starting to lose interest in the nfl 
"is pissed that my school dropped my spanish class  now i have to take the same woman, who i really don't like, for the second semester in a row and find other classes that fit the schedule better (if they're not full) "
"it's kinda funny, i have had an all day fued with a bunch of mw a-holes  i attacked a guy once and he put a hit on me, so i killed him  this went back and forth a couple more times, and then he put a hit on me and then asked me to join him  i refused and killed him and since then their mafia is asking everyone to attack me "
(cont )so far today someone has asked their mafia to attack me 18 times  i keep killing and putting on the hitlist  who will last the longest? lmao
"this was a great football weekend  on saturday ucf and florida dominate, and then my two favorite nfl teams (the lions and dolphins) both win  awesome!"
"oh yeah, looking forward to a long weekend of the girls fighting a lot  oh how i love thanksgiving  lol"
"getting ready to take some finals this week  it's kinda cool because half are this week, and the other half are in two weeks  it usually doesn't work out so well   smile "
girls are staying at friends' house  me and the dog have the place to ourselves  wooohoooo!
getting ready to make some cookie dough   smile 
took my last final today! now i get to <propfemale> around the girls for a couple of weeks before we head back to school   smile 
"man, this is the busy season! went running around all night looking for x-mas presents  i do not have the <propfemale> anymore to wait in line or be nice to someone who cuts me off with their cart  oh well, the look on the girls' faces on christmas morning makes it all worth it  hope everyone who participates in this madness has smooth shopping days ahead   smile "
watching the dolphins' playoff hope slipping away   sad 
<propfemale>'s coming! santa's coming!!! woohoo!!!
"\oooohhhhh ffuuuudddgggggee \"""""
"hoping that i am not too <propmale> over to start the new year right in a couple of days  i doubt i'll be on here tomorrow night, so i'll say it now; happy new year to everyone!!!"
"good two days of bowl games! yesterday ucf wins their first ever bowl, and today the gators win! woohooo!!!"
"first day back to school after a few weeks break  sitting in the library right now bored and cold  i hate this crappy weather, but i am glad to be back to school, so i guess it's a wash "
"just about done with the moving, now i can get on with my life   smile "
"my name is <propfirst> barnard, and i do not have a bowflex body "
"thinking that i will not be feeling too good in the morning (and on a side note, proud of myself for spelling everything correctly, even if it did take a bit of time to do) "
"i was hoping for an entertaining sb, but so far it sucks  and wtf is up with this halftime show!?!"
sweet! saints win  if the aints can do it there's hope for my lions yet  lol
"sitting here bumming because it just dawned on me that there are a lot of months ahead with no football   sad  on the positive side, only a few more months until beach season  yeah!"
in the library (trying to study) sniffling like crazy because my daughter gave me a cold  at least this is the first (and hopefully last) of the winter 
"thinking how much i hate the middle man  so, if cold medicine has such a high volume of alcohol, why not go straight to the source and say to hell with that nasty tasting nyquil "
just watched zombieland on dvd  best  zombie flick  ever  woody harrelson is the most underrated actor of my generation 
"supposed to be studying, but obviously i'm not "
"i got my grades today for the two tests i took on monday, and i did better than e playful ected on both   smile  on the down-side, the rest of my spanish study group did not fare so well  sad "
"dude, i just watched role models on cinemax  man, i totally forgot how friggin funny that movie is!!!"
"spring break starts next week, but i have always been impatient  tonight i started a bit early  lol"
"man, after the first day i am only 10-6 in my bracket  i always pick upsets, but in this upset crazy day i picked the wrong ones  just goes to show, it's not all about how much you know, it's also how lucky you are   sad "
"i'm happy that msu won the game, but that <propfirst> violation at the end was very close and would never be called the other way  usually the ncaa does a pretty good job of not pulling the favorite card, but that call should have never happened, and maybe the game would have went to ot  now there is a taint on the spartans that they don't deserve "
"sitting here wondering if <propfemale> will have a job for long  many of the drs  who are clients of her office are talking about retiring with this new <propmale>  not looking too good here, but on the bright side in another few years we will have health insurance (if it didn't come across online, that was sarcasm) "
ready for my spanish class to be done with  i think i'll actually learn more on my own after the class ends than what i have learned while taking the class  lol
"studying for finals  i can't wait until next week is over! taking the summer off, need to shut the brain down for a while  lol"
"man, i'm stinking up the house with this funky soup i'm making for spanish class  i hate the smell of garlic and onions "
woohoo! took my spanish final tonight and think i did pretty good  finally this class is over  it has been a long two terms  lol
"man, my lions helped out their offense and defense in the first round  this is sweet!!!"
"hard to get out and get some fresh air when these thunderstorms keep popping up  <propfemale> and i got caught on our walk about a mile from home in one  oops! oh well, at least we needed the rain   smile "
"today was the first time we took casper to the beach (got him in late fall, and water has been too cold)  for being a wimpy dog, he did really good! didn't freak out from the waves or nothing, and wanted to go back in after he was out for a bit   smile "
"gonna start getting the house ready for my sister to come down and stay with us until she finds a place of her own  with three  females already here and another on the way down, and only 2 bathrooms in the house, gerhard and i will have to fight for our time in there  lol"
busy doing the finishing touches of getting the house ready for my sister and her bf to stay with us for a bit  now the baby has to do its part in cooperating 
"just got back from a bike ride with the girls  it is sad to realize that your kids are in much worse shape than their 40 year old broken down dad  it's gonna be a long summer of fighting with these kids, because i swear i'm gonna whip them into shaple   smile "
"hoping when i wake up the weather will cooperate, and i will be able to <propfemale> out at the beach all day with my girls   smile "
trying to get used to family actually living within a thousand <propmale> of me     weird  lol
going to the beach tomorrow  waiting as patiently as i can until i get my new surfboard 
"went to the beach yesterday and had a good time, but i also got a rare sunburn  this new sunscreen i bought doesn't work so well, thankfully we had enough of the old stuff left that the girls could use it so they didn't get burned "
"going to be going to the beach with the ladies in a bit  at 90some degrees and a <propfemale> sky, this is the perfect beach day!  smile "
"had some fun today at the beach  taught the girls how to bodysurf and we caught some good waves, but <propfemale> still thinks she'll get hurt surfing the waves with no board  i try to tell her this is doing it old-school but she just looks at me like i'm crazy   smile "
"getting my house cleaned up  it was good to help my sister and her bf, but letting a dog that i am allergic to stay in my house for over a month was a questionable decision (to say the least)  lol"
realizing how boring this place is when the weather sucks! in the summer it is the beach and     ?
had a good fourth! let biza handle the majority of the fireworks (now that she is a teenager) while i sat back and watched the show  had a good time playing karaoke with friends and watching the sparks from the fireworks send people scattering! lol
"had a nice trip down to <propmale> a couple of days ago except for dinner  i've never had chipotle before then and i never will agian, they suck!"
"i am so friggin bored! having a few drinks and trying to think of something to do  when i was younger, this is how i got into a lot of trouble  lol"
"about to crash, but told tonight that i am a bad influence! can this be true?!? lol"
no kids tonight! woohoo! it's been a looonnggg time since i had the house to myself for a while    the quiet is nice!  smile 
"man, i am too sore! mowed the lawn earlier (with a weed-wacker, cause i don't want to break down and buy an electric mower, lol), and then riding some rough waves at the beach  i can't complain too much though because those waves were friggin awesome!  smile "
"well, we are looking forward to having a couple of cool guys over for dinner tonight, and then spend saturday night with <propfemale> and gerhard! it's a good thing that we're having company cause the girls and i are getting really bored lately! lol  the water at the beach is still cold and it seems way murkier than normal this summer   sad "
"had a good dinner with <propfirst> and <propfirst>, and they got a puppy from our neighbor! all in all, i would have to say a very good night!  smile "
"waiting for <propfemale> to get home with <propfemale> and gerhard  they needed a ride tonight cause it's storming so gerhard couldn't bring his bike, and <propfemale> couldn't drive her car because she had herself a good old fashioned car-b-que  zoinks!"
"oh crap everyone! behave, <propfemale> houser is now online (this is a once in a month event)! lol"
"going to <propfemale>'s open house tonight, elysabeth's open house tomorrow, and then the girls start school on monday  is it wrong for me to be really happy that they will be back in school (and out of the house) in a few short days? lol"
"it was a fun time tonight! i had to go through and fix my typing mistakes (about 5 mins worth), byt all in all very cool!!! glad we had good friends and family over to get messed up and stupid! lol"
"there is a large portion of last night that i don't remember, but judging by the pain that i'm in if someone were to tell me that i was drug behind a car for a few <propmale> (or something akin to that) it would not surprise me in the least  lol"
"well, <propfemale> started her first day of middle school with no problems  yaayyy! and elysabeth is now officially big man on campus, so her head will most likely get even bigger! lol"
very geeked!!! my cousin is back from iraq in one piece and will be down to see us in a few days! woooohooooo!!!
"very happy my cousin is here, and had fun with him and his gf tonight  i really hope he can find a job so he can move down here!"
"looking forward to tomorrow (or should i say today), my lions are gonna show everyone that they are coming up by stomping the bears' asses! also, my girls will be home from a long weekend at universal studios, so yay!!!"
i'm so friggin pissed!!! my lions get screwed again by the nfl! how is a team supposed to get better when the stupid f**king officials keep screwing them so hard?!?
"very happy that the lions got over last weeks screwing to give a good fight! turning the corner, just a matter of time before the w's start coming!"
"had a good dinner tonight with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, and my girls  even though the waitress @ chili's was looking at us like we were nuts, it was still fun! found out (the hard way) that <propfirst> is somewhat embarassing in public  i always knew that we were kindred spirits (the last part is an inside joke, sorry)  lmao"
"had an incredible day    my cousin <propmale> and his gf <propfirst> made my family sushi, then i went to dinner with my good friends <propfirst> and <propfirst> (along with my girls and <propfemale>), then we all got a bit tipsy  all in all, a very good day!!!  smile "
"man, i am glad the dolphins fired their special teams coach after that awful showing last night! that was just brutal to watch (especially cause i had a <propfirst>'s fan sitting beside me)!!! now if we could just teach henne how to throw the friggin ball away   "
"the bad news: my nfl picks sucked big time! the great news: the lions destroy the rams, so now maybe people will stfu about the lowly lions! i'll take losing to my daughters (and everybody else) any day of the week if it means a lions win! lol"
"pretty happy that we could find a corn maze here in fl  had fun out there tonight with the girls, <propfemale>, <propfirst> and <propfirst>! the only downside was that it was pretty friggin chilly (and we lost <propfirst> for about a half hour)   smile "
"looking forward to the lions surprising the giants (who think they are in for a cakewalk)  it's gonna be funny hearing those d-bags on espn come up with excuses for why the giants lost, because we all know that the lions are a bunch of candy-asses  those bitches on espn will be eating their words!"
"bumming big time! my favorite lions qb breaks his arm today, and my least favorite will be starting again after the bye next week  i really hope stafford makes me look stupid, but until he does something (besides beat the shitty browns) i just can't like or trust him "
"loving this halloween season!!! <propfirst> and <propfirst> make it even more fun for our family; and i only hope that <propmale>, <propfirst>, and the kids can come to the corn maze with us friday, then things will be totally awesome!"
"knows now that you should not go streaking in sub-50 degree weather (yes, i just now realize this after 40 years)  it is not really the most flattering time to be seen in the buff! lmao"
"watched the lions' game sunday and tried to stay positive  today i am realizing that it is getting harder, because every fan of the lions' knows they actually blew the game against the jets (as opposed to getting f***ed by the refs)  when our coaches lose the game for us it is a wake up call to evaluate whether or not they know what the hell they are talking about "
"had a nice day    visited with the sister, and then <propmale> out with <propfirst> and <propfirst>  gonna <propfemale> out with <propfemale> and gerhard next weekend, so     smile "
"man, it got friggin cold here real quick! i might have to move even farther south if this sh*t keeps up  lol"
"had fun at the christmas parade today, and next year will be even better when both my daughters are marching! also, hanging out with <propmale> and <propfirst>, and visiting my sister for a bit were an added bonus   smile "
terrible officiating is making the nfl very hard to watch!!!
"ok, what is going on with my posts? i go to respond to someone else's response, and my original post gets erased  not happy with this predicament "
"as i stated earlier, it's <propfemale>, and rainy, and cold  oh my!  sad  i moved a thousand <propmale> from my family to get away from this kind of weather    just goes to show that some of the best laid plans blow up in your face bigtime  lol"
"17: we have gotten to be pretty tight in this last year, and i couldn't be happier! it is always a blast when you come over and play some wii, and nobody shakes their ass better than you! also, i don't mind toting you around like a puppy, it gives me something to do and i can <propfemale> out with you   smile "
"if the dolphins can pull off the upset, on top of the upset the lions already pulled off, i will be one happy man!  smile "
henne sucks!!!
could <propfirst> tirico be rooting for the ravens any harder?!? that dude is such a joke as an announcer!
"1009: we clicked from the get go and i couldn't be happier! you have a wicked sense of humor (which i like), yet you can still be the nicest dude i know  i was happy that you would keep coming back to my house even though my dog peed on your foot everytime, because we have had a lot of good times there  now, if you could just learn how to handle your liquor and a little ribbing, you would be the perfect friend  lol"
wow! finally a monday night game worth a crap! that tying drive was a thing of beauty!!!
"the last couple of days have been very nice in terms of weather  i am so glad for the reprieve, that cold was really starting to piss me off! lol"
"touchdown <propmale> tebow! i don't care if they win or lose, but the haters who said he would never even score a td are stupid and unrealistic  i love it when the haters look bad! lol"
"freezing my ass off watching the eclipse  totally worth it, it's so beautiful and a bit freaky at the same time! definetly worth staying up for!  smile "
can't believe we are talking about a lions 3 game win streak (with two of them on the road)  this bodes well for next year!  smile 
getting really tired of this cold! i can't wait until spring! lol
i can't remember a year when all four playoff games from a given weekend went the way i wanted  i am really happy that new england won't be going to the super bowl! lol
"watched devil tonight  good movie, knew the killer within the first 10 minutes or so, but still suspensfull!"
"i don't know what i am feeling more, angry or amused  i come home to my daughter having an earring sticking out of her nose  she took it upon herself to go into the bathroom with and icecube and a needle  she may be a dumbass, but she is tough and self reliant (not to mention grounded)  lol"
"had a good dinner with <propfirst> and <propfirst> tonight, and then played some cards while arguing about going to the club  it's decided, we are going to the club saturday night     i hope my old ass can still dance! it has been nearly 20 years since the last time i went to a club  i'm wishing that in essence it is like riding a bike    lol"
"had a good time at the club tonight, but now i am already starting to feel it  growing old sucks! lol"
everything that i have heard out of <propfirst> tomlin's mouth since his team lost the super bowl makes me like him even more  that dude is a class act!
"paranormal activity 2 is actually a lot more creepy than the 1st  once you throw in a baby and dog being tormented, all bets are off! lol"
"i'm not really sure how borrowing a movie from the library led to <propfirst> and i in skirts, but sometimes you just gotta roll with it   smile "
"now that football season is over, i don't know what to do with my sunday's  <propfemale> and the girls want me to go to church with them, but man it's too early and i have to be on good behavior  that just doesn't sound like my cup of tea  lol"
"wondering why everyone is always so friggin serious  does it really help to get your panties in a bunch about every little thing? if so, i guess i have been doing this shit all wrong  lol"
my girls are gone for the next four days on a skiing trip  now i am stuck alone with <propfemale> for what proves to be a very long weekend  wish me luck  lol
do not get drunk and then take a benadryl  talk about sleeping a beautiful day away  lol
watched <propfirst> pilgrim vs  the world tonight   is it weird that a 40 year old man likes that movie? lol
finally my daughter reminds me to go to the first friday <propmale> walk tomorrow  i have wanted to go for years but for some weird reason i always forgot  i am hoping to have a good time and see some cool works of <propmale>   smile 
"i'm torn   on the one hand i am digging this warm up, but on the other side is the allergies  this is the worst i have felt in a decade  oh well, i guess it beats freezing my ass off  lol"
"had a fun day walking downtown (and seeing my sister while there)  now about to eat dinner, and then <propfirst> gets out of work @8 and will be ready to get his drink on  this should be an interesting night  lol"
"holy crap, the supermoon hit tonight! <propfirst> was a bit out of control (had to <propmale> him down the block, which is not easy for a man of my advanced age)! damn you supermoon, daammnnnn yyoooouuuuuu!"
"had a good dinner tonight with the family, then came back home and had fun with <propfemale>, <propfirst>, and the boys  too bad they couldn't stay longer, but it was nice while it lasted   smile "
our power goes off for two hours last night for no real reason  today we have a 6-7 hours long thunderstorm and no problems with the power at all  kinda funny  lol
"so, we went to the new house we will be moving into on the 10th to see if the storm messed anything up  the storm didn't, but the tree guys who were there to remove a tree in the front yard effed up the job and there is a huge hole in the roof  and to top it off they did it in the middle of the storm so all the rain made the ceiling in the living room cave in  some people are just plain ignorant! lol"
just watched the trailer for the hangover 2   looks waayyyy too much like the first (which i didn't think was all that funny)  looks like i'll wait for it to come out on redbox 
