1dd92cc6059c483940a6faf2e46429c6
happy new year everyone
"well today somewhere around 2-3 i found out what a stupid word,snogging, means that was a pretty stupid way to say making out"
success
yahoooo!!
watching wierd movie it's pretty gross and gorey playful 
whats on your mind?
wow this movie is freakin gross!! do not watch this movie called mirrors
"\they lied when they said 'the good die young' \"""""
call of duty:moderne warfare 2 is a very fun and exhilerating game
i love my profile picture 'cause it shows i have authority! laugh 
"\he brokeded my nose    !!\"""""
well mw2 on xbox live is really fun but it really sucks 'cause as soon as i respawn i get killed right then and there 
10 more days to see the afters in concert!!! smile 
all of you guys are the coolest       i think  wink 
 smile anberlin rocks!!!! smile 
i'm bored sad 
only 9 more days to see the afters in concert!!
i'm so sleepy   and bored     and hungry       and bored     and tired     and want to go paintballing     and i'm done
man i wish i had a better guitar amp
if only i could grow a moustache like that
going out for ice cream    back in a few
oops wrong button
"just got <propmale> ball guitar strings and a capo and an afters cd,all sound great"
going to bed see yous tomarrow!!! gn
listening to my new the afters cd smile 
everyone' asleep accept me i'm bored!!!!
7 more days till the concert!!!!  laugh 
just came from church and saw g i joe   great movie!!!!
5 days till the afters concert  laugh  so exited
4 days left to go for the afters concert
3 days to go
need some klondike bars mmmmm klondike
*yawn* want to take long nap *yawn*
<propfirst> mays here with orange glow it gets the tough stains out!!!
wants to play guitar just like ivan   if not better lol  smile 
2 days well pratically 1 day till the afters concert sweeeeeet!!!!
some people say i don't know a butt load of crap about the gospel but i dooo!!
the afters concert tomarrow yessssss!!!!
well decided not to go to the afters concert  there will always be more concerts 
it was either the concert or the boot camp
is very very sleepy and tired
well i'm out peace
"i\m back"""
okay i'm off to bed seeya
about to go swimming in 30-45 minutes
ate a klondike bar mmmm klondike
ok going to sleep so tired and need to get up early good night
good night y'all!!
just got done watching she the man halarious movie
good nite <propfemale> and god bless
"wants to learn the violin,bass guitar,piano,and drums"
"hello!!!!friends and family of <propfemale> oramas!!!!please note that we are throwing <propfemale> a birthday party saturday,august 29th  hope you can attend if you plan on getting her a gift she likes the following:vans converse tenny shoes,earrings,clothing,mario party 7 nintendo gamecube,sweet but not too sweet body spray,lipgloss,shotgun and shotgun shells that's all she wants thank you hope you can attend "
good nite people see ya tomarrow!!
"wants to learn the piano,violin,bass guitar,and drums"
i'm too pretty!!
i wish they would've picked a better picture
"why is the wolrd filled with so much sin?and,why can't we leave with god now?"
do you like my new profile
is tired and not feeling well it's because of allergies
chat (0)
just got wolverine last nite great movie
"needs new epiphone sg guitar,xbox360,video games "
wants to be better if not as good on the guitar as <propmale>
off to the bed good night seeya tomaro
is listening to anberlin and about to ride in a parade float!!! as impossible as it sounds yes i'm going to be in a parade 
"ok i'm sick and tired of everyone saying,this is awesome or that is awesome,you know what the only person that is truly awesome is god"
good night people!!!!!!
listening to hawk <propmale> and on my way to church god blesssss you!!
so bored i just want someone to talk too
i'm so bored
ok i don't know why i got on if i'm going to bed well good nite
if you have'nt seen my video watch it it is halarious
had a full day with the church thats a new record!!
going to the fair tomarrow swweeettt
just got back from the state fair its was amazing
how the heck am i not able to go to the mall but i can go to the movies in the mall??!!
well i had fun today as i spent my time with my familia     (gasp)i just used a new spanish word!!!
why when i get back home no one is on?!?!?!
i'm so sleepy
is so syked to see the new <propmale> and the chipunks the squeakquel
why does'nt anybody talk to me?
i really wish i could go and see where the wild things are
just saw the new <propmale> dunham show and it was hilarious
sooooooooooooooo bored 
is going to watch a movie in about an hour soooooo i'm bored
somebody come and play somebody come and play today ay somebody come and play 
shut up!!!
why did it have to rain pineapples?!?!
lookin for part time job hopefully i can find work at cinemark
soooo glad today is friday!!!t g i f thank god i'm forgiven
man i cannot believe how fast the year has almost completely gone by  where does time fly?now i want to slow time down and enjoy it  but i can't do what god does oh well that just means that god's time is drawing nearer now that's something i can't wait for!!!
i'm soooooo bored i have nothing to do this whole weekend and it's practically over!!xo i'm so frustrated!!
'cause they're blue's clues blue's clues
wants to go paintballing and or airsofting ssoo bad!!and wants a new airsoft sniper rifle smile 
all i really want is cash!!!
is about to put up the christmas rein deer and other outdoor decorations
man i can't believe 3 days 'til my b-day  why must i become so old?!?!?! laugh 
happy thanksgiving too whoever is not going to be here!!! smile 
"can't wait 'til thanksgiving  family,friends, and my personal favorite food!!!! lol!!!"
wow in approximately 13 surprise 0 minutes i'm going to be 16  my goodness
happpy thanksgiving one and all!!! smile 
thank you guys who wrote on my wall happy birthday
just finished decorating the tree and is still decorating the house
ok i'm bored
i was surprised that this morning actually started to snow!!! smile 
really really really wants to go to the mall right now
"is having fun listening to the best known band artists in the world and is about to go too bed  good night people of facebook,good night and god bless smile "
i'm sooo tired and want to  go to bed and the mall 
"everybody,countdown with me the days until christmas!!! only 17 days 'til christmas!!!!"
"everybody,countdown with me the days until christmas!!! only 16 days 'til christmas!!!! i'm so excited!!!"
so excited!! only 14 days left 'til christmas
only 13 day 'til christmas
it's only 12 days left of christmas oh cool it's the first day of christmas and my true love gave to me nothing man that stinks!!
so    it's only 11 days to christmas and where are my two turtle doves??
listening to <propfirst>'s christmas is creepy song!! it's hilarious
is now listening to anberlin-godspeed
"wants these anberlin cds blueprints for the blackmarket,cities,and new surrender"
stay with me stay with me tonight!!!- anberlin
the top ten christian bands 1 anberlin 2 the afters 3 emery 4 hawk <propmale> 5 relient k 6 skillet 7 ivoryline 8 capitol lights 9 family force 5 10 dead poetic who do you like??
anberlin's inevitable =great song smile 
well it's now down to 10 days left until christmas so i'm excited!!! smile 
wants to gather up some guys and get some wwii airsoft guns and stage a ww2 battle!!!
you son of a biscuit eating bulldog!!
what the french toast?
"\poopity poop\"""""
9 days to christmas
is listening to anberlin  and anberlin = spectacular
8 days 'til christmas i'm just so excited! smile 
just saw the iron man 2 trailer!!!o my gosh i can't wait to see it!!!
only 1 week (or 7 days) too christmas y'all so you better be excited
"it's funny how people just randomly say 'i have to pee' or 'i have to use the restroom'  why don't they just tell the whole world i mean it's like \twitter update: i have to pee\""  haha"""
well it's down to 6 days left until christmas and i still have to get something for tomarrow darn the white elephant
ahhh i just love the weekend
just sittin here alone listening to music 
"just sittin here listening to anberlin smile  having a \white elephant\"" tomarrow so excited"""
"best allied wwii weapons:m1 garand,m1 thompson,sten mk ii,m36 mills granade,browning automatic rifle,russian smg,lee enfield, and 1903 springfield sniper rifle "
"best axis wwii weapons annoyed tg44,mg-42,mp40,karabiner 98,gewer semi-automatic rifle, and stick granade "
omgosh only 5 days 'til christmas i'm so excited and stressed
*sigh* i just love christmas break  only 4 days too christmas y'all 
"\what's on your mind?\"""""
"tell me which pistol is the best,which one would beat the other? colt m1911 vs  the <propmale> lugar"
thr33 days to christmas baby ya!!!! and what sucks is i know what i'm getting for christmas
youtube com
http annoyed  www youtube com 
http annoyed  www shortyusa com 
so excited tomarrow is christmas <propfemale> and then christmas day!!
achmed the dead terrorist
peanut the micronisian gorrilla thing
<propfirst> the old grump
melvan the superhero
bubu j white trailer trash
sweet daddy d the manager
"so glad it's snowing!! i'm dreaming of a white christmas,just like the ones i used to know  hahaha   i mean ho ho ho <propfemale> christmas "
i really really want to see <propmale> and the chipmunks 2 but then i want too see sherlock holmes  why must it be so hard to choose a movie?!?!
finally once in my lifetime i will have a white christmas
<propfemale> christmas everyone  oh and i got an xbox 360 for christmas just what i wanted smile 
omgosh call of duty:modern warfare 2 is the greatest game i've ever played
just came back from watching sherlock holmes great movie
"when i was little i thought the beginning of <propmale> nye,the science guy,i thought they said \<propmale> nye in the sky\"" <---- haha lol"""
likes this
<propfirst> likes his own status
"this thursday our church,orchard road baptist, will be having a lock-in starting at 8pm  all peoples will be able to attend  activities include board games,red rover,wii,train reck,and many more  also included drinks and snack food  must bring $5 00 for pizza  if you wish to attend contact me or <propfirst> mosley for more details "
wants a flip video camera for wise man day
can you find google in here? gogogogogggogogogoggoogologogioogleoelgoeglogogoeloggooglegoglgoglgoglogolgloelglelgloegloeglegoegloeglegoelgoegloegloego 
hey guess what? it's snowing again!!! yay!!!
"twitter update:this thursday our church,orchard road baptist, will be having a lock-in starting at 8pm  all peoples will be able to attend  activities include board games,red rover,wii,train reck,and many more  also included drinks and snack food  must bring $5 00 for pizza  if you wish to attend contact me or <propfirst> mosley for more details "
is happy cause tomarrow is wednesday night church service 
"\   whenever i see someone smiling at me all i see is a chimpanzee begging for it's life\"" -<propmale> shrute"""
alright i'm out  b y e bye
can you find toysrus? tydoutsutoasdutustduyaotoystatdotoautdoouooutsodutoatsdotuadstoysrustoystdortaodrosyrtdyarsdoardoiysdraidyrtoydsatdtoasudysdadtoytsdaytsdotasdystdaotdysdtatoystdyoaudsdtoasdutuatsdyotaoustd
wow this year left as fast as it came  well all i can say is happy new year everyone!!
i'm going to bed children  good night !!
happy new years <propfemale> everyone!!! but always even though it's a new year that god should always come 1st above all things 
what's on your mind??
"having fun, but tired    happy new years!"
man the hoidays left as fast as they came!!! sad  this sucks cause now i have to go to school tomarrow sad 
"\no one is going to lay a finger on my butterfinger\"""""
"\so what are we going to do now brain?\"" \""the ame thing we every night pinky  plan to take over the world!\""-the pinky and the brain"""
"\stay with me  stay with me tonight!\"""""
"\i think therefore i am\""-rene decartes"""
transformers robots in disguise  transformers more than meets the eye 
watching g-force  it's a pretty good movie
i am sooo tired but i don't think i'm going to bed  i'm going to play xbox 360
hiiiiiiiiiiii!
the pacifier=funny movie!! laugh 
"this sucks,it's so cold and there's no snow!"
haha phineas and ferb they crack me up!! smile 
"\there's 104 days of summer vacation and school comes along just to end it so the annual problem for our generation is finding a good way to spend iiiit!    \""- phineas and ferb theme"""
wants to go to the mall today but has no way of getting there
i i sssometimes ssstutter
good knight
just finished watching terminator annoyed alvation  that was a really good movie it was better than what i thought it would be  well going to church tonight so bye bye
i'm going on the border to see how well we keep illegal imagrants out of the u s 
godzilla
*fart* lol
what's on your mine?
area 51
good night
i can't believe we spent a whole day at the mall!! thats a new record! laugh 
go ahead ask me any movie 
wants to get an <propfemale> p90 airsoft gun for only $30 00
free willy!!! smile 
riot police! this is an emergency!
well this sucks i'm sick
i'm nauseated(i don't think i spelled that right but) and feel kinda like vomitting
jesus is my horoscope
"well i'm feeling much better today than yesterday  i don't have a fever anymore,and i feel fine  praise god i'm healed!!"
wants to go paintballing
p90 airsoft gun? ya  any bbs? no  goin to kick some butt? heck yes!!
"\in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth\""-genisis 1:1"""
i'm feeling great today 
somebody come and play  somebody come and play today  somebody come and play 
good night world!!!!
watching district 9 and it's pretty good but gross
i'm sleepy but do not want to go bed
pee-wee <propmale>
i'm watching a wierd but kinda interesting movie
is trying to figure out how to make money to replace his gamex(
s h i e l d  aka strategic homeland intervention enforcement and legistics division
iron chef america     let the battle begin
poopity-poop
wow this sucks i have more adult friends on facebook than i do teen friends   man i need more friends
i'm so tired  but i don't want to go to bed yet
sweet i just got the anberlin cd new surrender 
i hate friggin facebook now!! they keep changeing on me and most of the people i have on fb has not changed  it makes me sooo mad!!! i want my old fb back!!!
i'm so glad i got my game fixed and it works just like new! sweet
"\you make breaking hearts look so easy you've got breaking up all but down    \"" <propfirst> christian"""
man i really wish i could play catch right now  and practice my pitching
man this sucks  there was a pretty good looking girl at walmart a couple of days ago and she was staring at me and i did'nt friggin get her number
"\we're old enough to know we're too young to care\"""""
wow i love my new laptop!! so cool
"\i just wish that i could heal the hurt you feel tonight\""-anberlin"""
howdy partner
lonely  i'm so lonely  i have nobody for my own  ooh  ooh ooh oo ooh ok i'm done 
just got done watching rescu <propfemale> on blue-ray disc baby! best quality and picture ever!
kick buttowski!
i'm tired 
"\who can take your money with a twinkle in there eye? take it all away and give it to some other guy  the government  oh the government can \""-tim hawkins"""
omgosh! i can't believe they're making a camp rock 2! i am not looking forward to that!
ahhhhh! coca~cola tastes so good out of a plastic bottle!
well i have not been on fb for a while and i just remembered how much it sucks
i'm so tired!
man this morning wwas hilarious!
man i am so tired
<propfemale> got me the coolest gift ever! the nacho libre mask!
wants to go paintballing sooo bad!!! smile 
i am tired!!
well i'm boredf being bored
three wasted bullets
gotta go peepee
i'm so excited! and i just can't hide it!
ayayayayayaya carumba
ok i come to facebook to get rid of my bordom but then i just get even more bored!!
vath up?! i'm <propmale>!
watchin' <propfirst> lopez want to go to sleep but can't until moms mp3 is charged
good night people of the world! i'm going to sleep 
"i'm glad we are going to church tonight  well,at least, i thought we were going "
ok i'm applying for a job at <propfemale>'s ice custard happiness let's hope i get the job
watching sherlock holmes 
random word of the day: mall
"\i'm a cotton headed ninny muggens \"""""
i'm sleepy! why can't i go to sleep?!!?!?!?!!?!?
watchin' snl baby!!
eat  sleep  game 
wow! just found out when the next western day in lewisville is going to be     why the hack would they make me wait so long for it?! by the way it's september 24th-25th
playin halo 3
i'm getting pissed off at halo
good night people of facebook
you boooob!
"i've said this once and i'll say it again, i hate facebook"
listening to justeen gaybier with <propfemale>
wow what a great way to start the morning with freaking hick-ups
ahhh   listening to mozarts symphony 40 in g minor
wants to see iron man 2 soooooooooooo bad 
i am becoming very impatient
"you got <propmale>bed! ?  this is <propmale>, copy & paste him on  ? every comment you see so he can   \\ take over facebook  __??????? ??l??? ??l?*?? ?????? ???|?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ?|??? ? ?????? ??l???? __ this is <propmale>'s house   "
twitter update: now i'm watching the three amigos!
man this sucks  i'm (deep voice <propfemale>) home alone!
"what happened to \one nation under god\""?"""
can't wait 'til tonight to watch america: the story of us
man i missed a whole hour of <propfemale>
good night children of god
really? does a ten pound bag of flower really make a very big biscuit?
i'm so happy right now
mmmmm     me want chocolate shake
good night
a d d o l s  attention deficit disorder oh look shiny!!
darn this pomeranian puppy!
mozart's 40th symphony vs  beethoven 5th 
"\i'm an entertainer  you're nasty!\"" - <propfirst> iglesias"""
kool-aid
about to leave 4 church
i just want a peaceful nights rest  is that too much to ask for?
"\so let me get this straight  you say now you've loved me all along  what made you hesitate? to tell me with words what you really feel \""-anberlin (a day late)"""
what better way to fall asleep than to listen to mozart?
"\we should get jerseys because we make a good team  but yours would look better than mine 'cause you're out of my league \"" - relient k"""
"\i wanna break every clock the hands of time could never move again  we could stay in this moment for the rest of our lives  is it over now? is it over now? i wanna be your last first kiss \""- anberlin (inevitable)"""
want's to watch iron man 2 this weekend
"\<propmale>! <propmale>! where y'all at?!\""-tim hawkins"""
"i'm so excited! going to a party with family!\i can't wait to go swimming"
hi! my name is <propfirst>  i work at burger <propmale>  would you like fries with that? - <propfirst> (the ringer)
ok good night people of the world  and god bless
i just saw the movie daybreakers and it was disgustingly good  smile 
wants a milkshake really bad 
i went swimming today and you did'nt  playful 
cod: world at war's nazi zombies is amazazing  it's scary and exciting all at the same time 
"i'm sick, and when i'm not sick, i'm tired  i am sick and tired"
"just made some cod fish cooked in chopped onions, <propfemale> pepper, and cilantro  hope evryone likes it   smile "
got a hair cut finally
i am very sleepy but i don't wish to go to sleep
i want my cookies!
wants to go to the mall tomorrow or the park 
"so excited, church picnic and baseball game tomorrow! go youth!!"
i am bored!!!!!
splice looks freeeeaky
"let's commit the perfect crime \i'll steal your heart and you can steal mine "
i just want to go to sleep
this is <propfirst> oramas from ctu! i need to speak with the president immediately
i'm pretty sad
oh my gosh 11 kids today! hopefully that's it!  laugh 
hahaha fun day
"no jesus, no peace  know jesus, know peace"
what to say  what to say 
"\i gotta pee on her   \""-scott pilgrim"""
needs a chocolate frosty
people! people! give me a chocolate frosty  now!!
has a new twitter account twitter com joe_gunny
misses having internet 
what's on you mind?
gotta get an apple
<propfemale> wish i had a girlfriend right now
"huh, still single "
is hungry
wants to go camping
scratch that needs to go camping and hunting
can not wait for the rangers to win the world series! go rangers!
(in russian accent) i can't for me and my comrades go to the battlefield and crush our opponents! go spetsnaz!
i need something chocolate
hahaha! only 2 days left until paintball! our team will dominate!
sooo excited! paintball tomorrow! go a-team! that's us
i really need my lisence
my status has been updated
i want to watch megamind again  that movie was too funny 
i need to get a real prrofile picture 
had a very fun time tonight  sorry @<propmale> you could not give your testimony
i want ice cream!
bored    text me 
thanks everone for the birthday wishes
bored text me 
"those who make you happy, also make you mad"
"\what have i done to deserve this?\"""""
can't wait for sunday night  the church is having the power team over at six o'clock  if anyone would like to come we'd be happy to have you
i'm so       sleepy     zzzzz
had a fun evening 
"ahhhh, it feels so good to be on an actual computer and on facebook"
"<propfemale> christmas, everyone!"
havin fun with the youth playin the kinect
makin tamales   mmmmmm
"i can't call you, poopie "
finally! snow!!!
yeah   i'm cold
friday! friday! friday! the best monster truck rally ever! just kidding its shanes birthday!
crap  now i like fireflies
needs a licence
i'm sooo sleepy     and annoyed
good night
game done  can i sleep now?
adsfpingsjegiejustnadeagbgriabbecauseihjbadrgfhabkvhuabdkvuhbdfvjasdbhgfiabdnfviabfiknowadbfvhjuabkabhsvkhuahsbits nabfhaisdfvuwierdaibadjbvhkllolaifvhbadkfb
hopes they can make it to church in the morning
needs to hurry and get ready for church!
"great show tonight!\i love how many people came to the love of christ! (79)"
party today!! woohoo!
when was the party suppose to start?
bored  text me
is getting ready for quinceanera
