ddb285952cdfd490ead630c4e3098ae8
there  let all hell break loose!
is apparently going to visit caltech  see you tomorrow d:
school leaves no time for piano ;___;
loves watching people panic over apah  smile 
"whoah, part three   cbc is going pretty well  i signed up for worship team, so perhaps i'll be doing that soon  smile   chess club is alright so far, though we haven't met much yet  but they meet two times a week now, i think, and are planning on playing mount <propfemale>   you sound busyy "
oops
"<propfemale>, i went to this concert at my piano teacher's house and everybody was russian    so they did the russian clap  smile "
varsity <propmale> tryouts! good luck
who did tech problem solving last year?
20 dollars to whomever returns my usb stick  it is dark blue with a metal cover that pivots ;_;
"i would like to e playful ress my gratitude to all of my friends, who have made me who i am today  i owe so much to all of you"
bad haircut in taiwan  sad  at least it was cheap!
inhaled a ton of flour in mandarin class
misses everybody! love boat and friends from home  sad 
made butter mochi  so good!
to the person who found stole my prize bag: please please please return my library book! that's all i care about 
"in a box, with a fox, in a house, with a mouse, here or there, anywhere"
 sad   
i eat like deutschland drinks 
"done with 2 midterms and a paper  now, just a comp sci project and i'm home free!"
"after watching the bonfire rally in the rain with no umbrella, not getting off at the right bus stop on the way home (riding 1 hour to make a loop), having to take off jacket because it was sopping wet, and walking home in a t-shirt with <propfemale> <propfemale>, i am still alive!!"
just saw twisted  i highly recommend it!
um oops i meant tangled  tangled was a great movie
fentons! yayy so good
"also, walking from doe library to mainstacks   tripppy"
"best of luck on finals, everyone"
just woke up! how grand  smile 
well there goes my health streak x_x
made it into danceworx tap!!!!! after 5 failed dance auditions at berkeley  laugh 
picking which photos to load onto fb out of 116 on my cell phone  sorry for possibly spamming your walls in the next few days
ahaahah ahahhaa hahahahaaaa
