9d3b4208707aa3e2fc8d9642160c3a0b
harumph 
"good luck on finals, everyone "
turducken for christmas dinner   hell yeah 
i can't believe i'm stuck here until january 20th 
"<propfemale> room    crappy food    i missed you, oneonta "
not even two weeks into the semester and i'm falling to pieces   
"doppelgängerweek; change your profile picture to someone famous (actor, musician, athlete, etc ) you have been told you look like  after you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut paste this to your status or send it to your friends "
"i got the gallery opening   the show will be from march 3rd to march 17th in the project space gallery   i'm going to try and set up a reception, i should know when that will be by this friday   if you are reading this, you are welcome to come!"
"the reception for the opening will be on march 4th, from 5 smile 0 to 6 smile 0 in the fine arts center!!  see you there    (or not)"
i don't want to go home for break goddamnit 
"when i'm awake, i spend all day waiting to go to sleep   when i'm asleep, i dream about waking up "
i'm so sick of life 
roller coaster tycoon and hard boiled eggs at 10:20 pm    this is what happens to me when i'm home 
i feel    strange    what's wrong with me?
i think i used to be a good student    i just don't seem to care anymore 
i am going to be working my ass off next semester   
"   there is no reward for goodness; there is no respite for faith; there is nothing but cold steel teeth and scourging fire for all of us   and it's coming for you now \"",2010-04-29 20:29:40""",9d3b4208707aa3e2fc laugh 9642160c3a0b,anyone doing anything this weekend?  i feel like i might die of boredom here   
i used to care about stuff    but now its all just melded together into a big grey blob of meaninglessness  annoyed 
so i'm done with finals    what happens now?
back in oneonta   
sometimes i just hate everything about life   it might not be so bad if there was actually anything to do in oneonta 
so much for avoiding loneliness and boredom 
"one second its warm and <propfemale>, the next its pouring rain   oneonta "
sometimes i feel like an angry old man in a young man's body 
back in ossining
we're all trapped on earth and there's no way out   
i'm bored and tired 
back in oneonta again 
"you know its funny, these people go to sleep    they think everything's fine everything's good     they wake up the next day and they're on fire!"
"back in ossining, going on vacation on the 14th, then back to school!"
sometimes just being alive pisses me off   
"anthropology:  the more i learn about humans, the less i care about them  annoyed "
nighthosting for all the 5 people left in hays   goodie 
i'm f i n e 
who's ready for submarine day?!?! coming october 23rd!!
i just want to curl up and die 
i feel nervous and exhausted   i'm tired of school and i'm tired of life   annoyed 
damn it all 
ain't nothing wrong with a massa massage when you're in a chronic platonic quintuple menage   !
"pie for breakfast, pie for lunch   and dinner?  pie "
back in oneonta    and already feeling overwhelmed with stuff to do 
ugh  sad 
just when things couldn't get any worse   
"okay everyone, i need to start collecting doodles for next semester   so if you doodle in class and would like to share in an open gallery   contribute to the study i will be doing, tell me!!  the more people i get to contribute, the better it will be "
"all this \love\"" and \""christmas spirit\"" is making my head hurt """
"<propfemale> christmas, internet "
is not looking forward to shoveling this shit tomorrow 
just saw black swan    that was intense   
"i am still collecting doodles for my independent study!  if you doodle in class, please help by contributing your doodles to be displayed in the fine arts center later this semester   i could really use some help, so if you'd like to be part of this, let me know "
go pack go!!!
sometimes dead    is better!
"go away, sore throat "
"even if i found true happiness, i wouldn't know what to do with it "
i should be doing something  there is nothing i to do   
"do you doodle?  do you want to see your doodles on a  big wall with a bunch of other doodles?  let me know, the deadline is creeping up "
"doodle display is up: take a look when you can   i should get the guest book in there soon, and i will have pictures as well "
