a8e684861c58ff7bdeacf7f6cbe61132
my reasultion is to stop living in the past and look toward the future   
fuck it   
i want this year to end already    
happy new years   
2011 is a new year  it feels the same as before tho   
"goddamn  i gotta go to school tomorrow    that is so not fair  i need a longer weekend haha  x3  haha no more staying up late for me, i think haha"
loving the rain! it feels so good    so sad and depressing  smile 
who knew that bugging a brid could be fun    
"holy shit, why does things ened up being so crappy?"
"i can not stand this, why did i even try? i even told <propfemale>, the day that it happens, thats the day im gonna die    hmmm i got a crazy idea now"
i still wish that i never meet him    then i wouldn't feel like shit    but i can't regret meeting him   
"when i was walking home, i thought i heard someone calling me  the voice sounded familair, i guess it was just the wind "
it hurts just being in the same room  is it bad that it feels like this?
a broken heart is like glass  its better not to try to fix it than hurting yourself more  and its hard to find the peices that broke beond repair 
"hmmm what should i do? should i try? it might end up being a mistake in the end, but me being alive still is a mistake    "
"people always deny the things they want the most in life  its a common fact, its just we can't face the truth about it  we can get hurt because of that   "
"halloween is a day full of demons, vampires and many more  its the only day i can be myself    i have a goodie full of surprizes  hopefuly it will last   "
i don't like this  everything is wet  why the fuck would it rain?!
why does it have to rain a day before halloween? thats no fair
why does it has to rain a day before halloween? that is so not fair
"<propfemale> can't wait till tomorrow, i'm a little worried  he must have planned something, but he won't tell me  i keep wondering about it but his eyes are distracting me  >\\\\\\\\< i just love the color   "
i hate this month for only one reason    
we are talking about this alien movie in history  its a little weird  i stoped paying attation 
"for everything that you have missed you gained something in return     for everything you have gained something you have missed something else     this is the way things work, you can either regret or rejoice    "
"for everything that you have missed you gained something in return  for everything you have gained something you have missed something else  this is the way things work, you can either regret or rejoice "
"the people who seem the happiest is usally the one that is hurting the most, but most of the time, it be too late to relize the truth"
labels are for filing  labels are for clothing  labels are not for people 
the knife to my throat is my only escape  i rather just be dead sometimes    
 laugh  i can't believe he doesn't mind me bugging him  he is the best 
"i got nothing to do    whoever wanna talk, message me or whatever    "
"ugh, i am unable to sleep    too many unwanted thoughts keep appearing    "
damn these hated thoughts  why can't they shut up?! i swear its more annoying then sky  ugh    i want to drown them out   
"damn     another sleepless night, whatever i don't care right now    "
die    gooddamn it    die    ugh whatever   
"goddamn, can't this ipod go any higher? i just want this to end    block all the unwanted even if its just for a little bit   "
ugh     i want beer to drown it all out    i drown it all
"its funny how when you are hurting the most, people ignores you and won't even look at you, it just makes things hurt even more   "
"pretend that we never knew each other, forget each others name and just walk away  turn around and head in different directions, like we never knew each other  just walk away, never look back    "
"o o holy shit    i just seen a shooting <propfemale>    thats my 3rd one now     wow, i never made a wish before    "
"fuck, fuck, fuck you -_-''  love is close to hate, it can easily switch  one false mistake, it might be your last"
 laugh   i'm so happy! he is too  love 
o o its so <propfemale>
"     my sister says i love him     i wonder if she is right    whatever, i won't care if i do  love   i hope he feels the same  love   love   love "
he is everything to me  love   i just love him  things do work for the best sometimes  love   love   love  
 laugh  haha rockstar ovrload!!
"i'm reading this book in class, i'm not paying attation though  i'm thinking about my bf  love   i'm also playing with my dog callor i got on ^^ "
i'm thinking about my bf  love   i'm also playing with my dog callor i got on ^^ 
i rather just die and the pain i cause people will disapear  
these dreams are gettin to real    what should be done about it?
"sounds of wind hums softly in the background, the darkness in my room never seem so inviting ^^"
for the last few hours i'v been trying to convince my best friend to not kill himself  he is bullied at school for being gay and it made things even more hurtful when his bf for 3 years broke up with him  i won't allow him to die   
could someone give me some advice? i'm so confused on what to do about this      augh    help!!!!
augh!!! i do not want to deal with this shit!!!  the ipod won't loud enough to block these unwanted thoughts! i can't and i shouldn't    
"i love this type of weather, there is light out but no sun  and its kinda cold "
its so foggy  haha    
"damn    the sent, its getting too much   "
"let all hell loose, with me being a solider and killing people with the snap of his fingers  a deadly wepon, with demons in my soul, doesn't who you are, how close you are to me you'll still be a target "
"fuck you asshole  if you don't know why we are even together then tell it to my fucking face, not over a text "
whatever    i can't wait to <propfemale>    everything is dead  love 
"you know what, i'm just going to try to pretend that it doesn't hurt me   "
its so fucking cold  laugh   but the night sky is so pretty!
i'm going to get <propfemale> drunk    i'm going to be so fucked up    nobody cares what i do  indecision   i'm not sure if i should love it or be sad about it   
i want to watch the night sky and just fall asleep   
wow    i'm falling apart  annoyed     i can't sleep anymore  people will leave you alone when you need them most  sad   that is a sad truth that i know is true  
i hate it when people say they are so different and that they don't fit in    how can they not fit in and have the best of friends and knows that they can trust them?  at least they have people that like them for who they are   
23rd already?  now the countdown begains    4 more days till my b-day  i wonder what i might get     wink 
''why is a <propfemale> like a writing desk?'' - mad hatter
"i think i'm going mad     but i once heard that the best of people is mad   smile   if i have to go crazy, at least i will have a blast freaking everyone out  the weekdays, will be absulte best in the day but the night will bring only pain    "
"ask me any question you want to know about me, i will anwser truthfuly"
"for everyone that is slowly breaking apart, there is someone in the background wishing they can be there to help you get through it   "
"lock all the doors, turn off all the lights, blast the music, feel it go all around the darkness, get lost in the night  love "
i am still half asleep    ugh!
the wind going across the dead earth feels peaceful but its so sad to see the earth dead    heart-broken 
run! the day of killer turkeys is near  laugh  
"lay down your head\quickened pace of our hearts\hearing the creak of the bed\now i'm pretty sure without you, i might fall apart\\our breaths mixing together, its just us tonight\with you holding me tight\only thing i feel is the heat\this just feels too sweet    "
"lay down your head\quickened pace of our hearts\hearing the creak of the bed\now i'm pretty sure without you, i might fall apart\\   our breaths mixing together, its just us tonight\with you holding me tight\only thing i feel is the heat\this just feels too sweet    "
"ugh    this day is already going bad    haha, its kinda sad that i knew this would happen   "
o o i gots to hide on saterday
i wish i was old enough to party with my cousin   
i got nothing to do    anyone awake??
blah    
"vreau s? te uit     uit? c? am iubit-o vreodat? tine     uitati ce mi-ai spus     uita cât de mult m-ai r?nit    \???? ?? ??? ??????     ??????? ??? ??? ???? ???????     ??????? ?, ?? ??? ????? ???     ??????? ???? ????? ?? ?????????    "
"i'm going to make it bend and break  say a pray and let the good times roll  in case, god doesn't show  let the good times roll  and i want these words to make things right, but its the wrongs that make the words come to life, who does he think he is?"
"l-am lasat mintea mea merge, iar acum l-am pierdut    "
"turn around and head in different directions,\like we never, it's like we never knew each other at all \we said what we feel, then we stop ourselves,\and just walk away \never looking back,\loving every second of it,\we just walk away "
"o o its freezing    i need puppy fur  love   i love <propfemale>, she is the best!!"
ugh    this morning is a fail   
ugh    i got a headache    i'm might go to sleep
o o its cold   
this class sucks ass   
anyone bored? text or message me  smile 
"haha beat that you stupid cold morning! i got a warm jacket   laugh  o o oh noes, my hands are freezing t t hmmm at least i tryed haha"
bored     this is getting annoying   
hmmmm am i good singer? i'm not sure that i am
i think i might get sick     help    i shouldn't have done that    
couldn't sleep     right its just getting me cold
couldn't sleep     right now its just getting me cold
and i leave this life behind me  smile 
hmmmm maybe i'm just not ment to be happy    
i love the way steam looks
uhhhh    the dream woke me up     that was too real    
"wow, is it possible to get a glismp into the future by your dreams? a lot can change    "
"you can be the peanut butter to my jelly\you can be the butterflies i feel in my belly\you can can be the captain\i can be your first mate\you can be the chills that's i feel on our first date"
-sigh- why is that i aways get yelled at no matter what i do   ? oh i give up    
"lesson 3 is just a tease, send those nudes and make me drool  hit me up, make me cum, want to sex i'll show you some  sticky drama all the way, want my <propmale> you got to pay, see what my tumbs can do, time to use my tounge on you   laugh "
"am i too bad to go to heaven or am i too nice to go to hell? even in death i bet i can't truely belong anywhere    whatever, its something i always seem to have known even if i didn't want to admit it   "
little by little    i am realizing that i have more reasons to die than to live   
"things that seem the most real, \are things that when they break its ment to kill  \love is a wanted time, \but after its done, what can only be felt has to be a crime  \''i'm ok'' are words that are said so light, \they dissapear into the night  \it's a mistake, for even believing that this was real  \roses are red, voliets are blue, nobody knows how much that i still love you "
i was love drunk but now i'm hungover  laugh 
i don't get things anymore    
"dying inside, hear the thoughts, wanting to vanish    "
i know what i want for christmas    just one thing   
ugh    my mind won't shut up! please be quiet   
ugh  the guys were so fun before    what the fuck happened to them??
"haha wow, that was the best! the guys weren't boring after all ;3"
goodbyes are easier than saying nothing at all    it may hurt but the truth about byes is that you know that they might come back     maybe
i can't handle this    one of these days might be my last
i feel so weird   
"one last breath, one last tear, permament choice to short bursts of pain   "
i got way too much stuff to handle    there was one thing to help me but its gone now   
"out of all the people in the school, why does his brother find it? that is something i don't really get   "
i want to dissapear    noone would care   
"what i once heard in a dream, i thought about it    now i might think that its a good idea     i'm not needed here    i'm better off dead    noone can change my mind   "
i feel dizzy    but i'm not gonna eat    hmmm what would happen?
i'm bored    somebody text or message me
ugh! my mom made me stay home  ima miss the showcase
o o holy crap  movies are so much better when you blast the speakers 
"i want to forget, that will make me happy but it would hurt even more when i remember again    "
"haha f@(k, i need to get snake bites and dye my hair o o hmmm i wonder if he can help me dye my hair x3 ima kick his @$$ if he messes it up"
ugh     i don't want to deal with this   
i miss falling asleep to the soud of the quiet darkness making me so safe   
i wanna get rockstar but i am just too damn lazy to get it outa my shoe  laugh 
i don't know what to do    i hate the way i still feel    its too damn late to say sorry   
i am hiding from my mom  i hate getting in trouble but its just too much fun to stop haha
ugh    time to wake up   
o o i am offiacial crazy  laugh 
"the day goes great intill 5th, now i just feel crappy  just damn them all to hell, i will see all of them there "
"i'm looking to start a band, anyone up for it? text or message me if you want info or you want to join "
"o o dreaming about ghosts, my dead dog, a day like like this with an extremly strange twist at the end"
ugh    i hate assemblys
just fuck it    i'm going to have fun
i'm at bk with <propfemale> friends
"fuck, i give up! i'm always fucking things up   "
"did you ever feel like a ghost? not to be heard nor be seen? always forced to see people have fun, and your always forced to watch and never join   "
"m-am saturat de a incerca, i sa oprit in plans, dar in interiarul eu sunt pe moarte    esti lumea mea intill spun la revedere  eu ehiar te iubesc"
hmmm its a nice day    i like it
"dear <propfemale>, what i want for christmas is <propmale> to be happy without it disapeering like everything else in this sad attempt at what you call my life"
i love walking in the rain   
"is going to pass out, and forget everyone and everything    maybe"
i love waking up this late  smile 
"just finished taking my dog a shower in the bathroom cause my dad told me to, now me and <propfemale> are getting yelling at cause we are both soaked, at least she got cleaned   "
"i miss the way we laughed, the way we smiled    i can't stand being away   "
holy fucking shit! my mom always says random shit t t and comes at random times
"i love the way my head works when i wake up, most people wake up and the think they gotta pee, other people think they can go back to sleep or they think of their bf gf, but me, nope not me    never do    always something so different   "
haha i need to buy a boat now  laugh   anyone wanna come  i'll take them for a ride ;3  haha it would be fun
"haha wow i didnt know johnaton could move like that  laugh   i thought he was a good boy, haha wow, he must have a lot of free time hahaha"
"little by little, i'm starting to lose my mind   is there anyone who can keep me sane?"
haha i love walking in the rain    helps me clear my mind    
i fucked up bad    now i really do feel like shit    ugh!!
could somebody just kill me and get it over with already   ?
"well, i hope this day goes better than yesterday   "
i love the sound of purring  its so relaxing 
"die shadow, die    shadow can't want to live anymore    her scars can't heal anymore   "
"i have been called a bitch, a slut, and ect   its something i'm used to    am i really those things? i guess so"
"watching movies, i got nothing better to do   "
"things should try to be forgotten, feeling that would make people turn rotten  forget the lies, the name, the way you felt or you will be haunted by the past, they will follow no matter how fast "
"i'm going to spend the rest of the day in a graveyard  smile   at least, i can have time to think   "
chirstmas in a graveyard   i couldn't ask for more
im going back to the graveyard    my dad and gf are fighting because of me    i can even make christmas turn crappy    i'm going to try to forget everything    i got too many fucking regrets  
"<propfemale> christmas everyone, its soooo much better if you wake up all alone    yep what a perfect moment to start a crappy day    "
anyone want to text or talk to me? i'm pretty bored   
he had a plan to kill you all along   
"hmm too early to wake up, im goin back to sleep   "
on my way to the mall  gonna spend like crazy!
:< too many people x3 haha
"omg i gotta get outa her b4 i go crazy! i have my hair dye x3 im too impainctent, or however you spell it x3"
"ignore what your heart is telling you, its just a trap! just a fucking trap to get you kill from the inside out! screw the fucking lies you loved to tell for they are as fake as you!"
"everything is going into a blur, its fun tho x3"
im bored beond bored
"''it doesn't matter what i say, you know your just another one of my mistakes  you are so beuitiful, you are the kind of girl that has the chemicals, that makes me fall in love''"
it too early for me to wake up right now     waking up to escape the fate blasting is awsome tho x3
''is it the way that you talk thats causes me to freak? is it the way that you laugh thats making my heart beat? is it the way that you kiss? it gotta be the way that you taste''
damn    now i'm not sure anymore    
"once again, racing thoughts won't allow me to sleep, haunted by the truth that i won't allow myself to believe   "
i got a bit of a headache still   
"wow, who could've known? i sure as hell didn't   "
"i hate it when people want to kill themselves, just cause they think nobody will miss them    i'm aloud to say that i've been in both death and life    neither will bring happiness   but people love and care about them   "
what the hell is wrong with people today??? i can't get ahold of them    and i was just talking to them too
getting 80$ soon    i'ma ask him to the movies    i hope that he says yes  i will be so happy!!
"i can't wait till my dad gets outa the shower  he's taking me somewhere, im not sure where yet tho haha"
"who is the person u'll miss the most? i know mine, but theres a reason why   "
too many hurt feelings  
    goddamn i can't sleep anymore   might as well start walking to school    ugh its colds  <propmale> should keep me warm  smile 
too many questions that hasn't been anwsered    fate just give a sign to know that we were ment to be together   
"de ce ti-am spus noroc pentru a va de oameni care stiu? te iubesc, te place de ea, ce naiba! sa o gramadn de rahat! eu ar trebui sa grabbste-te si arde-o  permite doar speranta <propfemale> este pastrarea cu ochii tine   "
ce naiba!!!  annoyed  ugh   
"wow, i just woke up  haha  its awsome! i'm not even close to being tired"
te iubesc? aceasta este o minciunal ca chiar si eu <propfemale> pot spune <propfemale>   
just fuck you all    i'm sick of the lies you guys love to tell    leave me be if you dont like me   
ignore the lies    avoid the hidden truth i would never accept   
"through the mirror, i saw that the world was full of vainty  my eyes are alone to see the truth   compared to the world that we both grew up in, your sane  around you my soul starts to fade, away from you my soul comes back   "
dude    i'm having the worse day i ever had   
nenorocit    ugh  
i'm starting to see shit now   
go away! leave me alone!! i can't deal with this anymore   
hiding from the world in my headphones    i want it to stop and tell me the truth already
like this if you want me to give you a name in romanian   smile 
i found a cat awhile ago tonight    out of all the names it had to be   it ended up being his   and worse   the cat is a boy and sumhow got into my room   
"i got no room in this heart, gonna tear you apart  death to your heart"
"we drove to cali\and got drunk on the beach\got a motel and\built a fort out of sheets\i finally found you\my missing puzzle piece\i'm complete\\let's go all the way tonight\no regrets, just love\we can dance, until we die\you and i, will be young forever"
its cold!  i need coffie
we don't talk that much anymore   do you know what the saddest part is? we use to talk everyday   
walking to go see <propfirst>    i need to get my head cleared   
i can't believe it   i'm falling in love with you  fuck that! i am in love with you   smile  you know who you are  i love you baby boy!!!
i'm in my classes bored out of my mind    got nothin better to do  
"''been looking forward to the future, but my eyesight is going bad  and the crystral ball its always couldy, except for when you look into past   ''"
secrets are ment to be keep to yourself    but what do you do when you have a feeling that you have to tell them   ?
"i give up!! i am fed up with school, i rathr just get my ass shot in the military!!"
the moring feels good to walk in but i hate it when i gotta wake up   
i don't know what to do    i'm getting way too confused about this   
oh yea  i just realized that i was being walked around with a dog leash    laugh  that was fun    intill -the name gets blurried- starting being a <propmale> to me    why can't people let me be who i am??
i just woke up    i had the weirdest dream    it felt so real     i liked it tho   
i'm having the worse day ever   
watching pan's labyrnth    its the best
"theres a little truth to every ''just kidding''\theres a little pain to every ''i don't care''\theres knowledge to every ''i don't know''\theres always a troubled past to every smile made   "
one day you realize everything you have been looking for was standing right in front of you and it might be too late   
you stole my heart but i had it first-escape the fate
"people say your thoughts are your only way to a safe heaven    but what happens when your happy place might be everyone's hell?  ^,  ,^"
really? again? wow   
"i woke up, its too damn early! damn    time to sleep again haha"
"when i'm alone, everyone leaves my mine, and i feel better   but yet, my heart always trying to tell me to remember  "
"i've been thinkin about the way i want people to die under my hands    its pretty gnarly and gory stuff so far    criminal minds, you give me awsome naughty ideas haha    "
"i got way too many thoughts in my head, and i swear i keep hearing my phone go off    the only one who keeps me sane don't have his phone   the one who makes me feel normal, is offline    the guy who makes me smile, had to go to sleep    the guy who i want to be near, is  at ''wtf, where r u''"
"my feelings are getting me so confused    i'm honestly afaird of them now    i don't know what to say, how to act, or even feel    i smile when i talk to    can make me smile even if i had a crappy day   "
the saying ''fck for money'' just came into mind haha  x3 talk about random
i'm loving the color of the <propfemale>    why can't i walk to where i can see it withoujt turnin back  ?
"put a spear in my heart and watch it rip apart    put a gun to your head, and i'll watch you beg    don't say a single sound as you all hit the ground   "
"people say that i'm living in sin haha well   god put us here without clothing, so, we are living in sin till we're naked and free haha  take that!!"
"a simple gift is gave out of love just to a smile   \its something that i wanted to see because of me for its been awhile   \then catching me by surprize you offered up a hug  \i loved that the most, but theres something that buged   \is the way that my heart went, thud  \thats when i'm sure that the scar you left, opened and down went the sad blood   "
"smile to avoid unwanted truth    cry only when your alone    love as if its your last    when you need someone the most, everyone decides to leave   "
my best and worse month is november    if i could relive it and hopefuly change   i would    but sadly i can't go back   
oww! stupid knife    i was cutting something and i ended up cutting my hand   good thing its not that bad   maybe t t
don 't really understand these feelings    its new    and unwanted  
what does it mean if you wake up crying   ?
mm the sky is <propfemale> pretty   
god damn it! its cold t t
time goes by quickly   it just means something good will happen  smile 
"whoever made up finals, i got a few words for you > sad "
i feel weird   and not in that good way either   
feels like curling up and die under a rock   
why does he look past me even though he is the only one who i want to see me   ? i can't fathom it   not even close   
i think its time to go loner for a bit    i need to get my facts about who i am   i don't remember who or what i am anymore   
"hearing the the heartbeat is relaxing   between me and you, i find it excithng when the beating slowly stops   "
got to many thoughts    must shut them up! ugh    
o o god damn    why haven't i been able to go to sleep   ? why??
"it's hiding in the dark\it's teeth are razor sharp\there's no escape for me\it wants my soul,\it wants my heart\no one can hear me scream\maybe it's just a dream\or maybe it's inside of me\stop this monster!"
i love the rain  even if i'm stuck walking in it  smile 
"i really want to know if i try, i would make it    well, it wouldn't to try    so i'm going to try   "
i don't want to sleep    he's going to be in my dreams    the dreams of him goes into nightmares   
i got to sleep    finally   
i get the difference between loving someone and being in love with them    why did it suddenly come to an understanding within my heart   ?
i'm lovesturcked  i was liking in hell till you casted your spell- botdf
i'm lovesturcked  i was living in hell till you casted your spell- botdf
i'm the killer with the knife-botdf
things are getting confusing    the way i feel   
i'm going to hate tomorrow   
woah    i went to sleep as soon as i came home    i'm bearly waking up   hmm time to hunt for dinner in the mess of my room x3
"i'm in history right now  the class is super easy  i'm listening to lovestruck, i just adore the song >\\\\\\\\< "
"night after night, i'm being hunted by the past  "
please just take away the pain stuck in my broken heart   
ewwww! kit-kats and turky sandwhichs tastes nasty together   
damn    damn    damn it! -punches the wall- i can't stand it anymore   
"i gotta wake up early so i'm going to sleep    i hope   night everyone, who cares about me haha just kidding    noone does    bai!"
"ummm couldn't get any sleep    i kept waking up    i woke up and i saw i was with my dog   outside! but at least i was able to to spend the night with her  she knows the truth    when i cry, she makes me smile  "
i love closing my eyes when there is no light around   makes me feel calmer    helps me forget  
sometimes its better just to block the world out with music   
o o omg i got hacked
"i feek so dead inside   maybe once in awhile, i feel alive    just a little bit"
"what to do    what should i do   ? tell the truth    or stay in this lie    i got a feeling that i should tell him   but i'm just not sure how'd he react to it    <propfemale>, i need your help with this   "
oh noes! i beat the game! ugh    what am i going to do now   ?
i want to watch you die!!! i want you to feel the way i'v been feeling    you would want to die
"the way i feel is undenyable, no matter how much i don't want it to be true    you never feel the way i feel for you    its just a simple fact that i <propfemale>"
rned    its unfair but that is one thing i'm used to   
"these hands spilt blood, the emotions start to bottle up inside starting to flood    the escape is misunderstood for pain and rage    i'm stuck inside of"
 this neveropening cage    i can't deal with this i just feel so dead   
i want to die   
is wanting to find the nearest gun and shoot her head off    is trying to figure out if she should cry or hate him    is faking her smile for the last time   
"is alone, thinking to herself    is wondering why doesn't she just get it over with   is trying not to want to die   "
i think my heart just dropped from my chest and fell out of my foot and broke   
i would love to get a flower for v-day -wink wink-
i wanna rock your body  love me or hate me but you wanna fuck me
