a0e6a3da9dc7a157f27c97f73baf5042
"anyone have an idea of a <propmale>? need to write one for government    i'll be a congressman, you be my constituents  =p"
anyone have an idea of a simple illustration to symbolize brilliance?
wooooow
too many things! head is spinning    
haircut!
long day at robotics 
long robotics day  we finally got the prototype driving though  it's pretty awesome!
learning how to sell short  it's exciting!
programed the complete drive system for the robot tonight and it is able to move in any direction  a feeling of accomplishment has come over me!  laugh 
sat here i come   annoyed \
city council tonight 
*whew* home   smile 
"my brother is amazing! he's sooo friendly and nice! he's the most amazing person! it's not like he hacks into my account or anything  hahaha, what a silly thought   laugh "
going to nerd central   laugh 
leraned a lot about networking and how binary and hexadecimal relate  feels like my brain is about to e playful lode! my initials in hexadecimal are: 0x52 0x94 0x48   laugh 
"at bsu fixin', driving, and playing with robots and a whole bunch of other nerd stuff   laugh "
4 months of school!
invented some protoype parts for the robot 
the following statement is true  the previous statement is false 
going snowboarding for the first time tomorrow!  joyful 
gone snowboardin'  smile 
*whew*! gonna be sore tomorrow   laugh  snowboardin' is definitely my sport 
final robot is lookin' niiiiccceee 
snow boardin' for 12 hours today  oh yeah!
"snowboarding for 12 hours, robotoics for 18 hours, church for 5 hours     now homework     fun  -_-"
omg    stocks did horrible today  > sad 
one month till my birthday! oh yeah!11!!
was suppose to go snowboarding today but noooo      has to do school   laugh  > >
"great weather    i wish i had a longboard, i would so go do some downhill stuff "
"gosh      such a nice day, and i'm stuck doing school   annoyed "
we must do our chapteerrr    laugh 
<propfemale> i'm always thinking about you  i pray by the time you read this you are doing better   smile 
well be designing a house that is actually going to be built!
the stake 'n shake is a great company to invest in  it's gone up about twenty bucks in a couple weeks and is continuing to rise  (ticker symbol sns)
salt lake city in one week!
"has just been accepted to u of i, and now is waiting to hear from <propmale>  he should hear from them by april 2nd"
off to salt lake city! six hour bus ride with nerds    fun    laugh 
arrived at salt lake safely    already tearing about the room for gaming   laugh 
extremely busy couple of days! made it to the semi-finals and got third out of the entire tournament  won the gracious professionalism award  we could have advanced to the finals but our robot just started spazzin' out  hopefully i can find some videos of our matches soon 
will hopefully be back in time for the baseball game tomorrow    joyful 
on his way home 
good to be home   smile 
invited guests    make sure you read what your message is all about and what it means back in the event <propfemale> for my party  my dad has e playful lained some rules there and hopefully everyone will be able to see them  tell others who do not have facebook or who were 'uninvited' via fb because they are not friends with me or my dad  thanks!  smile 
gosh! wow  thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday!!!  smile  smile  smile  smile   i feel overwhelmed with all the comments!!
greeaat weekend!
gonna get a car for his birthday!  laugh 
feels great to work out again     but i sure will feel it tomorrow; especially when doing straight leg deadlifts   annoyed 
"\the most powerful force in the universe is compound interest\"" - <propfirst> einstein"""
"u of i, here i come!"
dinner with the mayor tomorrow evening   smile 
gosh  it's such a nice day 
kiwi just escaped from his cage! haha he's a smart bird      
tonight        moscow  tomorrow        u of i
on facebook with the ipad at the u of i bookstore!  smile 
volleyball game today anyone?? then go to all you can eat pizza for 3 bucks???
gosh! awesome day  feels like a summer evening besides homework    crying  so can't wait for summer 
"shakespeare, architectural philosophy, curious researcher, bsu library, 3d home modeling, vitruvius, engineering      fun!  smile "
back to the bsu library 
omg!! found a jackpot of interesting architectural books 
"if you have a best friend that will do everything for you, be there for you through thick n thin, love you unconditionally, even w  all your faults, and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall; and give you a much needed kick in the butt when necessary, then post this to your status  he, she or they will know who they are       love you    and for sure you know who you are!"
"[falls] \oh! i am slain!\"" - polonius   laugh """
coffee time  =p
finals today!!!
whew! finally worked out      now time to pass out   laugh 
sooooo tiigghht and soooore  
architectural books   love 
graduated! now time to part-éh! =p
"what i ate tonight annoyed \a cookie, two cans of soda, another cookie, a personal pepperoni pizza, bottle of water, a plate of salad, a stake, fries, two 16 oz cups of soda, ice cream with m & m's and strawberry syrup, some extremely good strawberries, and some juice "
"sooooo           i walk into my closet and find a mess      nathaniel, <propfirst>, <propfirst>, trevor,   > > tsk tsk   laugh "
<propmale> rocks
time for yardwork  
\and without faith it is impossible to please god, because \a0e6a3da9dc7a157f27c97f73baf5042,well that was dumb   laugh 
always <propfemale> and trust on jesus   
toy story 3 midnight showing!!
toy story 3 was great!
happy father's day! i  love  my dad!
going to an architect's office tomorrow! so excited!
great day!  smile 
"just read a little about democritus and his atomic theory back in 300 bc  according to vitruvius' treatise on architecture, he heard about three basic theories on what everything was made of by physicists of his time  thales thought water was the primary structure  heraclitus conjectured fire was the basis of structural components  but democritus was the one who was closes  amazing!"
first day of work done   smile 
longboarding!!!  smile 
longboarded the greenbelt with family and <propfemale> adair <propfirst> zyl  excellent day   smile 
superb weekend!  smile 
"over 5 hours of longboarding, 14+ <propmale> of riding, sore ankles and legs, drenched in sweat from head to ankles, two powerades at $1 92, found some awesome hils and mountains to ride down, great day    i should do it again tomorrow   laugh "
hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia <- wow  laugh 
floated the boise river for the first time 
inception is another in my favorites arsenal   and <propfirst> <propmale> is my favorite director and writer  awesome stuff 
will be in moscow in exactly 3 weeks  have most of my books   smile 
"clearing out his closet, but really wants to build or make something "
now off to see <propmale> of persia 
from summer to winter in days 
one week 
had a fun and eventful evening playing catan with the <propfirst> zyl's and finishing the chess table <propfemale> and i were working on   smile 
memorable night   i love you and goodbye for now boise     hello moscow 
next to <propfemale> in the vandal store on another ipad   laugh 
has had great memories with his family  pray you guys have a safe trip home and i love you!
on facebook with his new ipod touch   smile  thank you <propfemale>! i miss and love you!
haven't played a game of dodgeball like that in a while 
palousafest  i wonder how the on my own opening night is going 
has all his classes mapped out 
a big and endless thanks to everyone who has been blessing and helping <propfemale> and my family out in this emotional time  i love you all and may god bless you greatly! thanks!
just rode with <propfirst> burget to washington and back on our bikes  now i have been to all the west cost states   laugh 
"first day of classes, done  first week of college is always easy   laugh "
what my homework is going to be:      draw everyday for 15-20 minutes    not bad   laugh 
warm night in the city of moscow 
on a nice big imac in the library   laugh  be jealous  =p
gosh i'm <propmale> at photoshop   
great bible study tonight 
<propmale> cannot have a aesthetic standard for beauty is in the eye of the beholder  - discuss  =p
almost died of excitement when he walked through the architect building and saw the different projects students were working  now off to an aias meeting   smile 
had <propmale> walters as a guest speaker in architect class today -
has to finish math homework instead of going to the first football game    sad 
just did some <propmale> downhill longboarding   whew  
google instant      as if they couldn't make google fast enough 
"in the woodshop cutting basswood that is 1 32\ thick   laugh  extremely detailed working """
apparently england does not have really nice universities as the us does   
in bucer's with dad   smile 
at the vandal game    so far 24-0 vandals  go vandals!
trust god  take risks  defeat the odds  go against the flow 
perfect weather   smile 
"mr  teal lectured about heraclitus today and his concept of everything is in flux  this got me thinking about designing with nature and interacting with it  consider this annoyed \imagine a home built in the <propmale> made out of the <propmale>'s trees  not cut down, but cut out and connected  since those trees move and change over time, the change of nature changes the shape and size of the house    like a shifting home "
already a quarter way through the semester 
good weekend  deep discussions  walks with god  mission impossible  but     there's always that one person missing 
we must unlearn what we have learn in order to discover the impossible 
has learned most of chopin's raindrop prelude in db in about 12 hours   and i haven't played sheet music in over 3 to 4 years   i think it is a part of me   laugh      now time for some warzone 2100   laugh 
soooo apple's stock jumped over 50 bucks on one month   annoyed 
"heh heh heh    still kicking myself, but content   laugh "
i  love  canvas   laugh 
"a 458 italia ferrari driving in moscow, idaho??? must be alumni   laugh "
"a couple hours over two weeks! exactly 349 hours! or   20,939 minutes!!  laugh "
one week!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh 
has his ticket back home   smile 
last night felt like an epic disaster movie with all the chaos and confusion  it was pretty awesome   laugh 
last day of classes for almost two weeks!!!  laugh   laugh 
24 hours!!!!!!!!!
doesn't get up and get ready when he's supposed to  =p
all-nighter successful   laugh 
done    time to go home   smile 
good to be home     although i did leave my computer charger back in moscow    haha oh well 
i love my best friend   smile   love 
is quite the man 
\but my righteous one will live by faith  and if he shrinks back," i will not be pleased with him \"" ~ hebrews 10 smile 8\"a0e6a3da9dc7a157f27c97f73baf5042,bleh  feels as though what he does know is potentially keeping him from discovering something   
fun with an slr  love   laugh 
"well    hey there, y'all!"
the wedding cake design has inspired a building concept   laugh 
you know there's something wrong with you when your fiancee tells you that your old     and maybe even on the brink of death     especially when she's the older one   laugh 
9 more days!     aaaaannnnnddddd 100 more days!!! omg so excited!!
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh a nice poop  alllllllll squeezed out!  laugh 
wow    only 5 and a three quarter weeks left of classes   laugh 
wow    my fiáncee is trying to convince me to sell my wii and buy an xbox    omg   i love her   love   laugh   laugh   smile 
"?? my birthday's ooon   friday, friday, friday, ooooohh!!!      ??"
architekt
"i'm proud to say that if you search for my website, sagacious designs, in google, my website is the third down from the top  awesomeness   laugh "
