38834613a0210ed41d90334454ed31df
"getting ready to head to amsterdam, veina, and <propfemale>!!!!  see ya in august!!"
relaxing after a great spin class at the y
another spin class out of the way   great way to start a day!!
"<propfirst>'s got swine flu! praying th rest of us don't catch it, but i don't see how we can't "
is trying to recover from <propfirst>'s spin class   i got my money's worth today!!
i think everyone's new years resolution should be to get a free quote from <propfirst> venable state farm insurance!!! lol
fyi   i can insure your i-phone for about $35 per year   i've been helping alot of folks   you don't hav eto have all your insurance with me to get it  (but i'll ask lol!!)
just ran 2 <propmale> straight for the first time in my life   not dead  not sore   yet!!  the things i will do for my wife   like running a half marathon   i always tell everybody that i have not run more than a mile because no one has ever chased me that far   i guess i'll just imagine <propfemale> chasing me for 13 1 <propmale> 
the macbook has been born in the venable house   i'm loving it!!!when will corporate <propfemale> catch on?
ok wall      <propfemale> us home!!!
better a loss now than in march
4 wheel drive truck to get to pembroke+ 4 wheeler + sled + kids = awesome time!!!!
survived round 2 of sledding   this one was in hoptown 
"finished 3 <propmale> this morning, but i\m wondering where the \""runner's high\"" is hiding   i'm starting to think that it is drug induced!!!"""
bunko night is so much fun!!  bathing the kids by myself    can i get it done during half time??  we'll see!!
my baby girl turns 9 today    where does the time go??
geaux saints!!!!!!
how bout dat play by <propfirst> payton!!!!!!!
i bet there are some puckered butts in the horse <propfemale>!!!
the march is starting!!!!!!! the saints be marchin!!!!!!!!!
gonna be a fun drive to lexington in the morning   i have to be in lexington by 9 surprise 0 central time   might need to leave now to get there on time 
"long day with tough decisions, but excited about the future "
can't wait to take my wonderful <propfirst> to dinner tonight   we are kidless thanks to my folks!!
slept till 7 smile 0???? oh thats right the kids are at grandaddy's and <propfemale>'s   amazing how you can sleep past 6 smile 0 with no kids in the house     ok missing them   time to go get them!!
great weekend with great friends!!!  wish they lived closer 
"papers are signed, checks are written   the process is officially starting to get our little girl or boy from ethiopia!!!  can't wait to meet our new litle boy or girl!!!  god is awesome!!"
"state farm is allowing me to have a facebook business <propfemale>   show me some love and become a fan   you don't have to be a client, and i won't sell you anything!! lol"
"getting ready for a fun day of work, then driving to louisville for our first round of interviews for the adoption   praying they don't figure out how crazy i really am!! lol"
"\you cannot strengthen one by weakening another; and you cannot add to the stature of a dwarf by cutting off the leg of a giant \"" <propmale> fairless"""
could god make a more perfect day???
"free concert to help bring an orphan home!!!! <propfemale> mcqueen will be releasing her new cd this shimmering blue and <propfirst> putty will be speaking on the heart of adoption! come out on friday, april 23rd at 7 surprise 0 p m  at the hillcrest baptist youth building  hope to see you there"
thanks for all the birthday wishes!! i am sooo much wiser since i turned 36!!
just and fyi for all the iphone users out there   you can insure them with <propfirst> venable state farm insurance   only costs around $40 per year   give me a call  885-0063
nice workout at the y   time to hit the office now 
<propfemale> is now part of the iphone world!!
the melting pot with my darlin' for her birthday!! nice night 
fyi if posts from my wife's phone seem out of place they probably are mine  please forgive me for playing with her phone  lol
driving to pikeville on hwy 68 and amazed at the number of yardsales  saw a sign 400 mile yard sale  who would be crazy enough to drive all 400 <propmale>?
looking for another sales person for my agency team  if you know of anybody who would be interested have them email me  michael@michaelvenable com
i'm looking for an additional sales person for my agency  if you or anyone you know would be interested email me @ michael@michaelvenable com
sushi at yamato's with my baby!!  no kids!!  wow! nice night
2nd date night in a row  wow we feel spoiled  last night was a surprise thanks to the sahm's and tonight was planned for a while  i know know what it feels like to be an empty nester!!
homestudy is done  notaries are being certified  just waiting to get on the referral list so we can meet our little girl 
"we are \officially\"" on the waiting list for our little girl from ethiopia!!  our dossier was finally approved   now comes the waiting game   we are praying we get a referral quickly!!"""
"grayton beach is great!!!  sun, sand, kids, and friends!!!  can't beat it   can't wait for the shrimp boil!!"
eating at belews before they close for the season  great day!!
"the adoption process has been hurry up and wait, but things are starting to move around a little bit   funny how god can use seeing friends in el bracero to get an adoption rolling!!  exciting times!!"
football with a bunch of twenty year old's isn't what it used to be   had to hit the spin bike this morning so i could walk today!!
go to my state farm <propfemale> and help me pick a name for my new firetruck!!
i love being challenged as a leader!!  these things make me think 
"in the hospital with my wife, praying, waiting for morning rounds so the neurosurgeon can let us know when she will have brain surgery "
quick update - surgeon came by and confirmed the diagnosis of chiari malformation and she will have decompression surgery  he can't get us in to surgery until next wednesday but his partner who is recommended for this procedure might be able to do it sooner  please pray that the new doc can get this done 
surgeons came back this afternoon and we have a tentative surgery time of monday @ 3 surprise 0  this is tentative  we will stay at the hospital until surgery day to give the steroids the time to work  the less inflammation the better  after surgery we anticipate up to a week in the hospital and then a few months of recovery at home 
"day 3 update - had an ok night   we are just trying to manage her pain   it's a catch 22 though   she gets steroids to decrease the pressure in the back of her head, but that allows the pain to increase, which we then give pain meds, then she gets nauseated, more meds for that, then its time for more steroids "
finally got the meds figured out and <propfemale> is able to actually sleep   the steroids are doing the job of reducing the inflammation   3 days and counting until surgery 
just met <propmale> rasnick from the apprentice at a starbucks in nashville  pretty cool!
thanks for all the prayers!!  we feel them
<propfemale> is in surgery and they are closing her up 
surgery is done!!!!  surgeon said it went well and she is in recovery  praise god!!!! need to switch the prayers for quick and pain-free recovery 
we serve an awesome god!!!
my baby is hurting reeeaaalll bad!!  it hurts me!! we still covet ur prayers 
how painful it is to see my lovely bride hurt sooo bad   i know that god's plan is perfect and he will continue to heal her   i pray i will be able to minister to her like she needs 
<propfemale>'s pain is still a 9 - 9 1 2  they are working to try and get it under control 
"finally was able to get <propfemale>'s pain down to a 5, but the challenge now is to keep it there  the prayers are working like they always do!!"
<propfemale> finally gets to leave icu  it will be nice to be able to stay with her all day and not get run off by the nurses  she was able to walk about 10 steps this morning  we have started the long road of recovery 
"3 days post-op and still battling the swinging of the pain   sooner we get this controlled the sooner we sleep in our own bed   its amazing how excited i can get when <propfemale> walks all the way to the bathroom  (and this is not the suite, so its close!! lol)  we are planning on making the long journey to the nurses station later this evening   might not make it, but that is the destination "
ok  so we didn't make it to the nurses station  maybe i set the goal a little far  seemed a lot farther away when u have a <propmale>  pains back to a 9  i want my baby better!! this sucks
post-op day 4-  walked to the nurses station   twice!!  gonna make it there 2 more times tonight  still playing with the pain  the last set of meds caused her to be covered in glitter (hallucination)!  the more she walks the better she will do is what the doc is saying 
"we went by the nurses station again, and i let them know that we were trick or treating  i am a neurosurgeon and <propfemale> is my patient  pretty convincing if you ask me!!"
"wooo hooo!!!  our stay at the hotel baptista will end tomorrow!!!!  we will finally get to sleep in our own bed, and i will be able to take care of <propfemale> better  get her meds when she needs them (not 30 mins after we ask) and food when she wants "
we thank everyone for the prayers and offers of help  many of you said you would like the opportunity to minister to us by bringing a meal  click on the following link and select a date and someone will call or email you to confirm  http annoyed  www myrh org # impact venable-family-meals
just because i'm making a snowman with my kids doesn't mean you can't call the office and get help with anything you need  i have a great team that makes me look good!!!
