9bb8b63e9a997736e49f765b5bb1f92c
wishes everyone a happy new year! and hopes not to step on any stray noisemakers 
was up until 4 smile 0 playing guitar hero with <propfirst> and the girls   smile 
"is watching \wallace and grommit\"" with the kids  they really had too short of a holiday break this year!"""
"is putting music on her mp3 player, with lots of help from everyone   smile "
took <propfemale> through every clothing store in the oakland mall today 
just ate a cold white castle burger for breakfast  surprisingly good!
"says \happy father's day!\"" to all the dads!"""
is home again and glad to be here  smile  
thinks it's almost time to bring the fans up from the basement 
"is going to knit and watch the <propfemale> brother (yeah, it's always the <propfemale> brothers around here!) with the kids "
actually slept too much last night!  smile 
"is going to watch \rear window\"" yet again   smile """
"is seeing what's new in mla style since, um, 1991?  smile "
"is actually alone in the house!  <propfemale>'s at a dance, and <propfirst> and <propfirst> went to see the new ice age movie  the quiet is amazing  smile  "
"wishes a happy independence day to those who celebrate it, and a happy plain old fourth of july to everyone else   smile "
made ribs for dinner   something everyone will eat!  smile 
just brought the kids outside to see a cloud formation that looked very much like mothra 
has an awesome new knitting basket from the c surprise p 
saw the doctor today and was pronounced in good health  what's more important than that?
"is enjoying a very late-night <propfemale> brothers movie marathon with the kids   duck soup, the coconuts, and at the circus   those <propfemale> brothers box sets are some of the most-used dvds we've got!"
just sent <propfemale> off to summer youth program for a week 
iand <propfirst> are sorting comic books into longboxes for the eventual move 
is glad that <propfemale> is back from syp 
"says that the \there's a word for that?\"" of the day is apophenia """
plans to spend a quiet evening with some knitting 
"is very happy to have found her good embroidery scissors while sorting through old craft stuff   haven't had them in   well, in however many years since i last used silk ribbon for anything!"
and <propfirst> just wrestled an armchair out of the house all by ourselves--be impressed!
"is going to watch \a shot in the dark\"" with <propfirst> for movie night """
is looking forward to the weekend!
"enjoys sitting around a campfire, except for the part where it gives me chills for an unreasonably long time afterward "
is now caffeinated 
just got back from closing on the house 
is not a fan of the humidity 
"is watching \monty python\"" and knitting """
"and the kids went through four bins of toys and two of clothes and books tonight, got rid of just about everything  (and the packing continues!)"
"notes four more bins and a toybox emptied today   amazing how little of what was once thought essential is even desirable anymore, kid-stuff-wise "
was up too late with <propmale> python last night  it wasn't my fault!
"was sorting through some things in the basement and came across a bunch of the kids' old boots, toddler and preschool size   younger daughter is now 10   just why did i keep those, anyway?"
thinks it's too damn hot this week 
is hoping that the rain cools things down a bit 
"made shredded beef for dinner, added some extra garlic this time   smile "
"'s favorite cover song right now is \careless whisper\"" by seether """
"thinks that directv is fine unless it rains  which is actually a pretty big flaw, come to think of it "
"is glad <propfemale> is back, not so glad she came back with a nasty cold "
"heard a cover of \zombie\"" today on the radio and cannot find out who did it """
"took <propfirst> to get contact lenses today  so far, so good!"
is going to have to learn to read a knitting chart   :runs screaming:
"just got back from the estate sale at her new house  the sellers are selling their stuff, so we went to see if there was anything we wanted  best part = not having to bring a truck  smile  "
is looking forward to moving things to somewhere instead of just moving them around  sometime soon   
"is throwing out old clothes that don't fit, are worn out, or that i never wear  apparently i have not done this in a while "
went to pick up <propfirst>'s school pack and find out who her teacher is this year today  turns out her teacher this year was in one of my mom's third-grade classes  so was her teacher last year!  smile 
"no one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick  if you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day "
"is very excited about keys, for some reason  smile  "
"is working out the logistics of \living in two houses\"" for a bit   the other night <propfirst> was looking for the cashews he'd seen <propfemale> with earlier--of course they were at the other place!  smile """
is shocked--shocked!--that she can load that many books into the car and barely make a dent in the total 
is shocked--shocked!--that she can load that many books into the car and barely make a dent in the total 
"is back from the new house again, ready to do some more packing and cleaning--tomorrow   smile "
"thinks that while the internet can accelerate your research and make it easier to locate potential resources, it really doesn't improve things beyond that "
thinks that it's bad news for accomplishing anything when the box you're sorting has old personal letters in it (remember those?  smile ) 
advises against too many deep thoughts too late at night   or maybe it's caffeine you should avoid   one of those two 
"needs to get back to sorting and packing, not reading facebook   any minute now  yep "
"thinks it is probably telling that the first thing she does on returning to the internet is to check her facebook, but she's not sure just what that fact tells of "
"is going to go sort through some books, and hopefully get rid of some of them (oh, the horror!) "
"just found her high school yearbook in a box, will look at it later "
just sorted through two xero playful aper boxes full of paperbacks and only wants to keep three or four books  amazing 
appears to have internet at the new house   smile 
can now be reached via email at hjbe@charter net   or by way of facebook  smile  
has ordered a vacuum cleaner 
"turned up the heat for the first time this fall  well, first time ever, apart from the test run the home inspector gave it  smile  "
"is thinking this is definitely knitting weather! still hoping for a late snow, though "
is off to do more packing 
packed up six boxes of medieval history books and three boxes of quilting books  so far 
"is finding that no matter how many books she sorts through, there are always more  defies logic, i'd say "
is making oven-baked ribs (in the roaster) and cheesy hash brown casserole (in the crockpot) 
is looking forward to halloween this year!
"is very, very pleased to discover that changing to cable means that we now get pbs, which means that we now get british mysteries again! just discovered \inspector lewis!\"""""
has little purple lights to put up for halloween!
"has the sniffles   and the clumsies--dropping things, spilling things, losing things   that kind of a day "
has now been married for 19 years and ~5 hours   time flies when you're having fun!
"has a cup of grapefruit juice on the left, and a box of puffs plus with lotion on the right  as ready as i'm going to be for this first cold of the season "
is making lentil soup with ham and tomatoes  (one good thing about cooler weather is that cooler weather is soup weather!)
"likes barack obama, but thinks that he's kind of an odd choice for a nobel at this point "
"thinks the snow on the ground is pretty, but wants it to go away pretty soon "
"has moved about half her quilting books into the sewing room-to-be, and <propfirst> has set up one of the printers at the new house   more and more like home every day!"
is dealing with power issues  i e  the electricity is off in all but one room (and the front door light) 
"cannot decide between \empire of the ants\"" and \""giant spider invasion\"" on hulu """
can't help but notice that it wont  stop  snowing 
is attempting to make pulled pork for sandwiches 
is e playful loring pandora 
is starting to find long-lost items while packing stuff up at the old house   found my old beading tools (wires and pliers) this morning!
can already tell that packing up the fabric is going to be an interesting e playful erience 
"just watched a parade go by from her front porch window  something foot-ball related, i'm guessing from all the blue and grey   smile "
just made the winter's first chicken soup 
is watching <propmale> price movies 
is going to have vonage sometime soon  my cell phone <propmale> sighs in relief 
just learned from <propfemale> that kool-aid stains can be removed from the fingertips by means of toothpaste 
"is making ham for dinner, and potato casserole to go with it  (and leftover ham means soup in a day or two, which is even better!)"
is home with a sick kid (<propfemale>) 
"is making soup, and waiting for the snow to start "
has a house full of kids  kind of cool for the girls to be able to have company so easily here in town 
thinks you know you're in the up when you drive past a snowman with a jack-o-lantern for a head 
is a little wary of these sniffles that appeared this afternoon 
is easily distracted by the shiny internet!
"is still having a hard time following the new facebook news feed, but i got used to the last set of changes so i suppose i will now too  eventually "
has beef barley soup in the crockpot 
"is looking forward to halloween, and has not broken into the <propfemale> at all   smile "
"needs a light over the sink  also needs to bring her good knives to the new house  also, more band-aids would be good  yes, all these things are connected     smile "
"is making roast beef with potatoes and carrots for dinner, and it smells wonderful!"
"has twenty minutes to kill before i go off to do errands, and is going to spend them catching up on facebook (don't you all feel special now?  smile )"
"is checking the weather underground, and finds that there's a fair <propmale> of snow all %$#@!ing day! yesterday evening would have been perfect for the kids to trick-or-treat  grumblegrumblegrumble "
"is watching \the abominable dr  phibes\"" and waiting for the trick-or-treating to start!"""
"just got our first group of trick-or-treaters, 10 of them   smile "
had 109 trick-or-treaters  still time for more (it goes on until 9) but it's definitely slowed down 
"got such a chill while out and about this morning, i took a hot mid-afternoon shower to warm up  definitely a sign of winter when that happens "
is still just not a morning person 
is going to have to ask the kids why one of the drawers i cleaned out today was full of sand  it's a mystery 
"is tired  good night, facebook!"
just finished binding off a shawl!
"is watching her favorite movie (\the maltese falcon\"") """
sorted through a whole chest of drawers this morning and kept less than half of what was in it!
"is putting things on top of other things   mostly things that were once in boxes being put on top of things that are not boxes, and are occasionally shelves "
has moved all the dvds to the new house!
"thinks that her old vacuum, which sucked (or, rather, didn't) on longer-piled carpeting, will do just fine for upstairs "
is going to watch sherlock holmes on hulu  <propmale> rathbone!
"notes that the church across the street seems to have gotten some new tunes for their carillon  i still don't know any of them, but it's a nice change  smile  "
"also notes that when the carillon plays, the kids will be home from school soon  smile  "
is still deciding where things go in the kitchen  had no idea this was such a drawn-out process 
is glad she was able to get <propfirst> into the dentist this afternoon after an inopportune chipped tooth incident at school 
"has brought home a box of cookbooks, including those neat ones put out by various small-town organizations, which i tend to collect "
is making beef barley soup!
is astonished at how many trivial pursuit games we've acquired over the years  now in a box in the dining room   smile 
is wondering how it got to be 2 smile 0 already!
sees that the girls filled 10 or 12 bags of leaves this afternoon!
now has our real bed in our room--looking forward to waking up without a sore neck  smile  
"was going to watch an old 50's horror movie (\terror is a man\"") but is thinking that the movie couldn't possibly be better than the pre-movie warning:  \""warning: the picture you are about to see has a scene so shocking that it is necessary to forewarn you  we suggest that the squeamish and faint-hearted close their eyes at the sound of the <propfemale> and reopen them when the <propfemale> rings again \"""""
"is going to go browse allrecipes com for thanksgiving ideas, but will probably end up making the same things she always does   smile "
is working on my thanksgiving shopping list 
"sees that everyone is all right on facebook, and is going to go vacuum "
has big plans for tomorrow that involve not setting foot in any store   smile 
is glad it's still only saturday!
"is somehow still doing laundry at 2 smile 0 in the morning  well, i got a bit of knitting done and watched \the bat people\"" while waiting   smile """
figured out which way to point the car when i park it at night  south  who'd of figured?  smile 
"hurt her back, and has been creeping around the house kind of like igor   "
"advises anyone who doesn't have to drive today, not to--i'm pretty sure someone put a layer of bear grease down under the snow!"
is listening to <propfirst> and the electrician discuss the placement of outlets!
"thinks it might really be winter now  shoveled off the front steps, went to the kitchen to start making soup, came back out to  see another 1 4 inch already on it again!"
cannot seem to operate her brain properly today!
has determined that gloves are not optional 
is still grumpy about the snow 
is onine researching snow-throwers 
is waiting for the electrician!  smile 
is doing holiday shopping on the internet--makes it sooo much easier!
"is just back from the er, <propfirst> has a broken toe   sad "
"just checked the weather, the upcoming winter storm warning is now a blizzard warning  i guess that's different?"
likes the snow less and less with each and every flake that falls 
is watching the snow out the window  it sure is pretty for such an awful thing   smile 
"is not sure that internet shopping actually takes less time, but it certainly uses less gas and requires less scary winter driving "
"is feeling pretty cheerful today  maybe it's the light at the end of the bad-weather tunnel, maybe it's friday  but yeah, a good day "
is making chicken soup 
"is organizing the kitchen  (hm, that sounds kind of sinister, doesn't it?)"
"has the wrapping paper now, but hasn't actually wrapped any gifts yet "
"thinks that everyone can stop worrying about the snow for a while  now that we have the snowblower, i'm guessing the weather will be unseasonably clear "
just heard <propfirst> start the snowblower  smile  
is scouring allrecipes com for ideas 
"was researching recipes, but has been distracted by the controversy of defining what is a crisp and what is a crumble  what constitutes a cobbler seems relatively agreed-upon, thank goodness "
"was just talking about lunchboxes we had as kids with <propfirst>  i had a yellow submarine lunchbox in gradeschool, he had a nasa lunchbox  he thinks his sister had a <propmale> livingston seagull lunchbox  can you guess when we all grew up?  smile "
probably needs some more sleep 
good yule to all!
isn't sure why the insomnia 
"is just back from what is (knock wood) the last trip to the grocery store until sometime after friday  glad i didn't wait until tomorrow, it was busy enough today!"
is sooooo glad she did all the shopping yesterday!
wants to know why the wind doesn't decide to gust until after i've got a shovelful of snow in the air at face level   
is impressed--alex assembled the stuffed shells all by herself!
"has stockings stuffed, all possible food prep for tomorrow done, and all gifts wrapped  time to knit and watch a bad movie "
is watching <propfirst> install the new ps3   smile 
is now watching <propfirst> and the kids playing rock band  smile  
"just got a late-ish gift, \the frozen dead\"" on dvd!"""
finds that it improves the morning when i look out the window and it isn't snowing 
"is pretty sure that <propfirst> has a stomach bug, and won't be heading to houghton tomorrow "
notes that both kids are still asleep at noon  must have been a good rock band night   smile 
is going to go make chex mix with <propfirst> 
2010 was a good year overall--may 2011 be even better! happy new year!
thinking about a brief nap--happy new year (yawn   ) 
somehow ended up with an extra gallon of milk  made pudding again--what else're you gonna do?
"i just noticed that it's later than i thought it was (and isn't that always the case?), good night all!"
"i'm considering making a resolution to take a nap every day, just because i'm two days into being successful at it   playful "
"washed dishes, swept, did about 1 3 of the vacuuming, and owmyback! i am getting old, aren't i?"
"is achey and cold, going to take a hot shower "
is happy the electricians are here!
is doing laundry and making chicken soup 
"dropped a coffee cup on my toe this morning, and it still hurts  the coffee cup was undamaged, no doubt cushioned from it's fall by my toe "
"um   clear? transparent?  (does that work, <propfirst>?)  smile "
is glad it's friday!
"thinks that <propfirst> cushing may have made some bad movies, but he never made an unwatchable one "
is finally sorting out all the paper grocery bags in the kitchen and wondering whether they're good for anything 
just doesn't like carpeting 
thinks that it's time to go to bed when you make a knitting error and can't remember how to remove the stitch   smile 
is soooo glad that the electrical work is done!  smile 
"passes on the info: facebook games generate a lot of posts  this can be irritating if you don't play  if you do not want to see these posts, move your cursor to the right of the game message and the word \hide\"" will appear   click on \""hide [the game name]\"" and this will stop future messages from that game """
is really getting weirded out by all the rain 
"is going to watch \white zombie \"" bela lugosi!"""
"is trying a new recipe, always a bit nerve-wracking, especiallyl when you intend to tweak it "
thinks <propfirst> may have the flu 
"has seen the weather reports and will not be driving tomorrow  because damn, frozen slush?"
"is glad <propfirst> is feeling a little better (or, at least, that he claims to be), much less glad that <propfemale> is now sick  which means that it's the flu  because \something i ate\"" isn't usually contagious   smile """
has a house full of people who are going to camp in the snow  she will not be joining them   smile 
"is making beef barley soup, and wishing that a <propfemale> day meant it wasn't cold out  (it doesn't )"
go to urbandictionary com and type your name  then copy and past this to your profile  enter the first entry as your comment 
"is reasonably fond of carols, but thinks that hearing \we three kings\"" in february is just peculiar """
"is e playful erimenting with facebook's new function where you can make a post visible to only specific groups of people (for example, posting mafia wars posts only to those on your list who play)--only with app posts, though (i don't post many, but if you see one and you shouldn't be, let me know because that means it's not working)   also, i'm trying a recipe for beef roasted in beer tonight!"
superhero week on facebook~ change your profile pic to your favorite hero or villain!
"thinks this sore throat may be a harbinger of doom, doom being the winter illness that finally hits me  (but i am still hoping for a cold-free season )"
thinks this is the sneakiest cold she's had in years 
"is going to put dinner in the crockpot, get a cup of grapefruit juice, and see if i can catch up on facebook  (yeah, right!) and i'm pretty close to admitting that i'm sick "
"to celebrate valentines day, change your profile picture to you and your spouse significant other  make sure to tell how long you've been together! copy and paste this to your profile    "
"notes that if you take day-quil while drinking grapefruit juice, you get pretty much the worst flavor ever "
is kind of looking forward to watching the winter olympics with <propfirst>!
wishes everyone a happy <propfirst>'s day!
"is going to knit something really easy for a while, and watch the olympics "
is suspicious whenever it stops snowing for too long   
"just brought my hs yearbook to the new house, which will make it much less challenging to figure out who friends me on fb--not that i don't know who you are, but if the maiden name isn't there and the picture is blurry, it can take a while!"
is going to watch the olympics and knit 
"help, farmville folks--i only need a few more assists to build my chicken coop! i can't figure out how to get it to relink to it but i think there's one a little further down on my profile <propfemale>   "
is installing the-software-formerly-known-as-taxcut on the computer and listening to nirvana 
"has cnn on the tv, is watching the earthquake coverage and waiting for the tsunami coverage "
"says \congratulations canada!\"""""
notes that there is a great big hole in our book collection concerning pre-viking-age scandinavia 
has some sort of flu thing involving chills and aches 
found a facebook widget for my sidebar  doesn't seem to work all that well 
"can't sleep, is going to play some fb games until the tired sets in "
is eating a <propfemale> and booting up the tax software (and why are there still updates coming out mid-march?) 
the happiest people don't have the best of  everything  they just make the best of everything     
did not strictly need to drink a 20-oz  rc cola at 10 pm 
doesn't have a lot of faith in spray-n-wash but is hoping for the best 
"thinks it's time to stop writing and go to bed when i'm not sure if an idea actually makes sense or just seems to make sense  kind of like those 2 am college-dormitory conversations when you think you solved the world's problems   and if you bothered to write anything down, in the morning you realize you kind of didn't   smile "
would like to remind everyone that tomorrow (3 14) is pi(e) day!
"got the census form today, the short form (had the long form last time, oof!)  also, brought all the board games to the house today including yet another version of trivial pursuit "
wants to know why used-to-be-taxcut wants her to mail her tax return to california this year   
"got done (almost) everything i'd hoped to get done today, and with half an hour to spare before <propfirst> gets home from school!"
"had on green shoes when i was out and about, now that i'm home they're off and i'm green-less  maybe the kid won't notice!"
needs to straighten up the pantry  later   smile 
is really not happy about the snow 
is going to get back to shelving and kinda-organizing books 
"is going to have a quick lunch and then go put things on top of other things  (specifically, books on shelves )  smile "
"is back from the <propfemale> times and full of whisky, or is it whiskey?"
"says, time to stop reading and start sleeping!"
is making split-pea soup 
just turned the heat up and swept the snow off the steps  and yesterday i was running around the house in shorts   
"is going to start a quilt, first new one in a couple of years, i think   smile "
"is home today with a sick kid, <propfemale>, though i haven't seen her except to check on her periodically because she's been asleep  fyi to locals, apparently there's some sort of stomach bug making the rounds "
finally is back on the internet  got stuff to look up!
has an asbestos-free house now!
"thinks she preferred \became a fan of\"" to \""likes\"" on the <propfemale> thing  what is facebook up to now?"""
has a yard absolutely full of little purple wildflowers  should identify them someday before they go away!
is full of whiskey (again)   smile  (this time i checked to make sure of the spelling!)
"can feel a cold coming her way fast, hoping it doesn't hit hard for another day and a half, please?"
is still feeling like crap  stupid spring colds!
is setting world records for napping today 
"is starting to feel quite a bit better (when full of cold medicine) which is an improvement over feeling like crap (even when full of cold medicine)  when i feel better without the dayquil, we'll call it good "
"thought it a bit chilly this morning, so made chicken soup with wild and brown rice today   and then it warmed up   smile "
"went to <propfirst>'s school music program this morning--this term they did recorders, very cool "
would like to thank <propfirst> and <propmale> for all their help moving stuff yesterday!
has two kids home sick from school today 
wonders how anyone gets anything done in this heat 
was not at all surprised when they said on the news that today was the hottest may 24 on record here 
"is pretty sure that finnish genes do not prepare you for heat like this  (outside of a sauna, of course )"
"cannot brain today, i have the dumb "
"is loving watching the flowers bloom--so far we've got honeysuckle, <propfemale> of the valley, and lilacs (of course everyone in calumet has lilacs, i think they must have been written into the building code at some time)  next year i'll plant, this year i'm seeing what's already here "
"went to the 5th grade track meet, saw <propfirst> run the 70-meter dash and the relay  kind of a warm day for it, hope all the kids stayed hydrated!"
is watching the war movie marathon on turner classic movies 
"just got a call from <propfirst>, the gas tank is leaking on the <propfirst>   playful "
"is back home, tired but happy  (may take a few days to get through fb though, you guys were busy!)"
"loves it that the girls can visit friends so easily here in town--both are off with their friends right now, it being summer vacation and all   smile "
is checking out some time management software that should theoretically help me get more organized 
has a teflon brain today--nothing sticks 
"is unpacking boxes, and is grateful that the house has a good attic!"
"thinks facebook is acting up today, or is it just me?"
is going to knit and watch bad television   smile 
is attempting to make ribs in the crockpot (wish me luck!) 
took <propfirst> to 5th and elm because she was so helpful today--did you know they have root beer floats there?
"is cranky, it's even too hot to knit!"
is watching the <propmale>'s hot dog eating contest on tv  those folks are crazy 
"says it's laundry day  sometimes, every day is laundry day "
is going to listen to music on the computer and knit for a little while before bed 
is pretty impressed with pretzel m&ms 
"has closed all the windows in the house, thereby ensuring that we won't get too much of a rainstorm   "
"notes that while laurium is under a tornado watch, calumet is not  that's a neat trick "
"wishes her husband a happy birthday bastille day!  \happy birthday\"" and \""let them eat cake!\"""""
is having a gas hookup put into the kitchen right now so i can use my gas stove! and great joy will ensue!
"is sitting on the (enclosed) front porch, listening to the cars drive by in the rain   smile "
"wonders why you always want to stay up on the nights you ought to turn in early, and end up going to bed early on the nights staying up would be fine   smile "
is getting used to the difference between natural gas (at the new place) and propane (at the old place) for cooking  the cheesecakes seem fine with the change 
"is watching zahi hawass's reality show, and kind of glad she didn't go into archaeology "
can recommend a cold-as-you-can-stand-it shower for these heat-wave days  feeling much better 
"just checked the weather and would like it to be cooler now, please?   us yoopers are not designed for 80+ temps   "
"is making stuffed shells  the kids (<propfemale>, <propfirst> and cousin <propfemale>) are at free bowling, the rest are off to eagle harbor in the rain   smile "
is watching giant crocodile night on syfy!
is taking <propfirst> to her 6th-grade orientation this evening--has it only been 5 years since i brought <propfemale> for that?
"is starting to think that the concept of \enough sleep\"" must be an urban myth   smile """
"is listening to music and sewing, much much too late "
"'s shoes are in the dryer, but i still prefer this rainstorm to the 90+ we had earlier in the week!"
just had some chocolate-covered bacon  smile  
is making beef barley soup  another awesome thing about autumn--the start of soup season!
turned up the heat for the first time since last winter   sad 
"reminds everyone that today is talk like a pirate day  arrrrrr, matey!"
"does not like mornings, not at all  also, elder daughter is ill, another thing not to like "
thinks the fall colors are starting to fade already  or maybe it's the grey skies that make it seem so 
"is eating corn chips with bean and cheese dips, and trying out a new news feed aggregator  yay friday!  smile "
"'s internet has gone weird, so i'm at 5th and elm to download email and check a few things  :waves, then leaves:"
"has internet again, yay!"
"got to try a dragonfruit today--one of the coolest-looking fruits i've ever seen, but not all that flavorful (not bad, just not what i e playful ected) "
just stepped out my front door to watch the homecoming parade   smile 
likes it on the kitchen floor 
"has, as of today, been married for 20 years to <propfirst>  somehow it doesn't seem that long, but also seems like we've always been together  looking forward to the next 20+!"
"is getting ready to pick up <propfirst> from school, her class is back from camp nesbit  glad they had good weather for it this year!"
"thinks that \law and order: los angeles\"" needs waaaaaaaay better writers  a real disappointment so far """
woke up with a sore throat this morning  probably no one should get too close to me today   sad 
has discovered a lack of nyquil in the house  there should never be a lack of nyquil in the house 
is sick  bleh 
"just slept for the better part of 18 hours, and i'm about ready for a nap  clearly i'm not catching up on facebook quite yet! hope you all are feeling better than i am "
"is trying out flock for a web browser, since elder daughter recommended it  (also, still have the creaky lungs, which is most distracting )"
"is switching from nyquil to robitussin   so far, robitussin is tastier, which is to say less wretched "
"is eating dark chocolate with almonds and sea salt and it is awesome  i usually prefer milk to dark chocolate, but with the salt i love it  would definitely recommend "
is making some sort of beef curry thing for dinner   smile 
"is wondering when calumet and laurium are having trick-or-treating this year, since actual halloween is on a sunday, which is a school night  where would i find this out?"
"woke in the middle of the night last night, thought i heard one of the kids crying  when i got up to check, they were both sound asleep  turns out it was the wind  some weather we've got, hey?"
is looking at the snow out the window 
"is making split pea soup with ham, and thinking about some brain-free knitting "
"is watching the rally to restore sanity and or fear, so far so good (granted that they're still on the opening musical number  smile ) "
had 111 trick-or-treaters tonight!
is getting ready to head out and vote!
"is settling in to watch the election returns  i brought <propfirst> to vote with me today, she really wanted to see how it was done   smile "
is making a variation of corn chowder for dinner  smile  
"is considering the fact that the kids have 14 teachers between them this year, and the fact that there are only 3 hours allotted for parent-teacher conferences, and cannot seem to make the math quite work "
"is looking at the snow out the window  <propfirst> says it's worse than it looks  drive carefully, everyone "
has lazy cabbage roll casserole in the slow cooker!
"wonders if there's any bug going around that starts with a headache and low fever, <propfemale> had one today "
"is annoyed that every time i think the cough is gone, back it comes  koff "
has clothes in the washer and corned beef in the oven!
is switching to eudora for an email client since windows live mail got buggy on me 
"is looking at the weather report, and the view out the window, and will not be going to houghton tonight "
wishes everyone who celebrates it a happy and safe thanksgiving!
"is thankful for family and friends, for good health, for having enough to eat and a roof over my head  simple things but so important "
"the kids are kind of annoyed that we \wasted\"" all that bad weather during vacation instead of getting snow days!  smile """
"dear mother nature, i know i was complaining about the snow a bit, but really, rain? and then the sub-freezing temperatures?  local fb friends, drive carefully tomorrow!"
"has a cough sore throat the sniffles, and is kind of annoyed because i thought you couldn't get the same cold flu twice in one season!"
"is turning in, since the nyquil *finally* took effect  i remember when you took nyquil and were lucky to make it up the stairs to bed, apparently the recipe has changed "
"is really disappointed that <propfirst>'s (the one that used to be fraki's) has changed their <propfemale> recipe; the old one was outstanding, this one less so "
"is making cinnamon pie, something i never heard of until watching \psych\"" last night   smile  we'll see how it turns out """
is insomnia-ing  bleh 
"dear weather gods, i don't mind the snow terribly, but i'd sure like this december to be warmer than last year's  temps in the 20s instead of single digits would be just fine   my children's fingers and toes thank you "
"ham in the oven, smells awesome, listening to <propfirst> practice her clarinet upstairs   smile "
"took butter out of the fridge to soften, doing a bit of baking tonight "
"made chocolate chip cookie bars (gluten-free), brownies (gluten-free), and chocolate pound cake (chock full of wheat, because i'm not that good of a baker  smile ) "
hoping that everyone is enjoying a joyous holiday season!
a good yule and happy solstice to all who celebrate it!
"had a moo-latte from dq and a 20-oz coke and am fully caffeinated, think i may get some knitting done tonight  smile  "
"making pies  (pillsbury crust, but still, pies!)"
wishing a <propfemale> christmas to all who celebrate it--may you find no coal in your stockings this year!
"just finished putting dinner in the oven (the cheese grits are the last to go in), and am watching <propfirst> play dead rising 2 "
one of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries -- a a  milne
"made homemade chocolate pudding tonight  i can still feel it clinging to my arteries, that's how good it was    smile "
"listening to the church across the street playing carols on its carillon  still not sure why they don't play them *before* christmas, but they didn't last year either "
"getting ready to cook! in a rare moment of organization, i actually wrote up a schedule of when what things need to go in the oven or whatever  turns out i still have time to waste on fb before i start!"
"happy new year, everyone!"
ribs are in the oven and everything else running on schedule--just need to check one more recipe and i'm good to go!
making potato-corn chowder 
"insomnia, it runs in the family   playful "
"making corned beef and cabbage, waiting for the storm we're supposedly getting   hey, does anyone have a recommendation for a rice cooker--must hold at least 8 cups (uncooked); ours finally quit on us "
so what happened to the storm we were e playful ecting?
"oh sure, now it starts to snow for real   "
"going to knit and watch \the walking dead\"" for a while """
"not quite sure why i'm still awake, but i plan to put a stop to that--'night all!"
"well, fb sez in the next few days i'll \be upgraded\"" to the new profile  lovely """
have two kids home sick today   sad 
"went to <propfirst>'s band concert at the school, all the classes did great but of course i think the 6th-graders did the best   smile "
going to knit and watch more of the csi marathon 
made shredded beef sandwiches for dinner  smile  
"just tuned in to the start of \bridge on the river kwai \"" guess i'll get a little more quilting done tonight!  smile """
took advantage of the break in the snow and went to <propfirst>'s to pick up pasties and shepherds pies for dinner  smile 
took <propfemale> to the mall today for the going-out-of-business sale at <propfemale>'s  one more empty storefront 
"hurt my wrist quilting  guess that's what ibuprofen's for, right?"
listening to <propfirst> and her friends playing green day rock band   smile 
quilting and listening to the ramones on pandora!
"back from the er, <propfemale> has a broken foot   sad "
apparently i live in one of the only spots in the country not currently awaiting a blizzard  how weird is that?
"apparently the superbowl is over, half the posts on my fb are ecstatic, the other half are reeeeally depressed   smile "
"doing laundry, and am consistently amazed at how many towels i wash in a given week "
"happy <propfirst>'s day!  also, apparently folks are changing their userpic to something with themselves and their partner, so there it is over on the left "
"getting sick and can't sleep, time to try again "
"i'm sick    playful   not as sick as <propfirst>, but sick  guess it's the season "
"home sick with <propfirst>  we're watching old episodes of \house\"" and sharing a box of kleenex """
"i slept 14+ hours last night  (wouldn't mind a nap now, come to think of it ) on the plus side, <propfirst> seems to be feeling better "
i've got two sick kids home from school today  and me of course   you should go buy stock in kleenex and nyquil   smile 
"just saw the first episode of season 3 of the british \being human\""--it's got robson green!"""
"omigosh, i just had a vacuum cleaner salesman knock at the front door unannounced!  i didn't know they even had those anymore!"
making potato-corn chowder with ham 
waiting for the chocolate bundt cake to cool so i can glaze it before bed 
<propfirst> says that mangoes taste like pine trees   smile 
"making chocolate chip bar cookies; finally getting back in the baking groove, maybe?"
"mmmm, paczki season!"
made spice cake with cream cheese frosting (trying a new recipe) 
"sometimes the folks downstate tend to forget that we're part of michigan up here, and right now i'm perfectly fine with that   playful "
"<propfirst> made brownies tonight, she and i are eating them and watching \hot shots \"""""
"enjoying the early spring, hoping it lasts  i suppose we've still got time for a blizzard or two though   "
<propfirst> and <propfirst> are pounding the kitchen walls looking for studs  (apparently stud finders don't work on plaster )
"i have a cabinet on my kitchen wall, soon to be cabinets   smile "
has made chocolate chip cheesecake bars with a <propmale> cracker crust  now they need to cool 
thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes--i had a great one!  smile 
"i was just right in an argument about \star wars\"" with <propfirst>  be impressed!"""
"dude, it's snowing!  winter weather advisory, so be advised   smile "
