3762a40a360c3112b58038a8ae58432e
thinks he's becoming anorexic!
"pick up line #47: let's play titanic  when i say \iceburg\"" you go down!"""
"did karoke and a sauna today, the karoke was in a closed room, like you would see in anime, and the sauna was very nice, a bunch of different rooms with different things on the walls  lots of fun  hope i dont miss math tomorow "
"how disgusting  a cockroach flew into my room, and as i tried to catch it to throw it out, it flew in my fan, shredding itself into <propfemale> pieces that now remain on my floor  my house is so gross   "
"hayate no gotoku even references the 300, wow!"
"eating good food is one of the greatest things to do in this world  eating food to be full, is much less pleasing "
"patd lost 1 2 it's members, so    i'm sad "
"two 14yr old girls said i look 11  should i be sad? i bet the first response to this will be, why were you with 14yr old girls? - -"
"today is the day that i will make my dreams into reality  yes, this means that i shall grow a watermelon tree, alongside my potato bush "
i need more fatal frame games  i guess i'll have to pick up silent hill or something  damn you nintendo! fuck your wii fatal frame 4 in japanese only  > >
anyone up for a fatal frame speed run challenge? maybe we can even put some money down   
"i'm painting my room soon  ah, a slighty bright shade of blue  too much change might kill me, after all  to buy a dtk costume or not to buy, i just cant decide  i'd need to cut my hair    hm   "
i fucking hate tager  - -
board  silent hill games fail compared to fatal frames  d:
"check out my mad (unintentional) weight loss skillz, i weigh 127 pounds~"
i want a nice tv - -
it seems like i got my job    and i only have to buy a few collared shirts  not so bad  guitar hurts my fingers and wrists    d:
i only have about 200 dollars for awa! sadface 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"all cell phone <propfirst> are being released to telemarketing companies and you will start to receive sales calls starting next month   you will be charged for these calls   to prevent this, call the following  number from your cell phone:     888-382-1222    it is the national do not call list  it will only take a minute of your time  you cannot call from a different phone number "
- -
"so, who wants to give me a place to live?"
oh how i hate haircuts 
sugar toast 
did anyone else actually go out and do anything in the snow? or am i the only person over 19 that did? t t
my snowman melted! all three of them  curse you sun!
kaminaaaaaa
is it time for awa yet? > >
hate it when things come up on the news feed you can't comment on  (friends of friends that aren't your friends)
thinks he'll try to do ddr at least once a week again  saturdays most likely 
i feel nekkid when i can't find my jacket 
i forgot to save! t t
people who have to ask a ton of questions should not use the drive thru  god 
"power has been out for about an hour now, and all i can think about is how to gear up for a undead assault  where did my zombie survival guide go?"
hooray! fight stick is here    but its too pretty to use d:
"at adventure crossing, if anyone wants to join, send me a text "
can't wait for valkyria chronicles 2 
the baconator is almighty  i think i just felt an artery clog up 
<propfirst> your head and rub your belly!
doing ddr for a bit if you wanna come  tell me if you do!
damn you recap episodes!
i wish more people i knew played blazblue  in <propfemale> 
going to do ddr today  again  text me if you wanna join 
makoto looks amazing  i can't wait  hope i can get my copy during the midnight release   
makoto is out today!
makoto unlimited characters carl clover announcer get!
so some girl stared me down when i was driving   
heading up to csu sometime tomorrow 
"why is it that everytime i go to wal-mart, there are like hundreds of people in line, and only like 2 lines open?"
ordered my costume  hope it gets here in time  anyone wanna make me better gloves hat? > >
"awa is so close, but i feel like by the time it gets here, i'll be broke! ;angryandsadface;"
"got mah costume  hat is horrible, gloves are horrible, vest is a little too big    but it's still pretty cool!"
ddr    hit me up if you go 
i don't wanna be in class until 9!
i am sweating green 
karaoke is still so much fun 
i want a new phone 
i hate online play  oh god the lag 
going to atlanta was fun today  i suck at blazblue - -b
valkenhayn tuesdays!
why do i have to come to class just to review - -
valkenhayn is out  wolf!
laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
where the hell did this cut on my leg come from?
"blazblue continuum shift 2: december 9th 2010\sooner than i thought "
doing blazblue if anyone is interested 
one piece is amazing 
streaming bb in atl  search funkyp stream on justintv if you are interested 
"i have seen the light, and he plays all my characters plus more better than me  i am dissapoint  i need to learn to play better "
i'm out of one piece episodes  annoyed 
ihop has neverending pancakes for like $5  pretty awesome 
ddring for a bit  hit me up 
took me 20 minutes to find a parking spot at gmc and i'm 30 minutes early  god i hate morning classes 
"question of the day(even though i'm not gonna do one a day) annoyed \what's your favorite disney movie?\bonus points for also listing, if it's different, the one with the best single song, along with which song it is "
so hungry   
nuns2 is such a pretty game 
"happy peanut song~\over chocolate covered mountaintops and waterfalls of caramel   \prancing nougat in the meadow sings a song of satisfaction to the world~"
i wanna go and play through all the megaman legends games again  i don't remember the cliffhanger 2 left us on 
i don't see the point in making a doctor's appointment when you still have to wait an hour or more   
don't you hate it when someone else sits in -your- seat?
boo  haircuts suck!
"according to wikipedia, fatal frame 2 has a planned remake? looking forward to it  also the next silent hill, dead space 2     now if only fatal frame 4 would be localized     nintendohate"
"after overeating at <propfemale> corral, gonna go play a few rounds of ddr  hnnnnggg--"
rages at crossups d:
i want a cotton <propfemale> machine 
"on our way back from atlanta, me and <propfirst>, about 50 <propmale> outside of <propfemale>, is when a tire decides to blow  so we pull over, <propfirst> the car up, without any lights, and break the tool used to loosen the screws when there was only one left  fml"
i am out of weight and overshape  - -b
"10 strips of bacon, 4 eggs, 12 chicken tenders, and rice  this is my dinner "
is in <propmale> 
why are people doing this q and a thing when formspring exists?
"get hype for december 9th!\bbcs2"
i suck so bad at blazblue  double elimination lost both my matches immediately  zomgz
being single sucks  i'm so bored 
can never find a pair of glasses he likes  - -
"at wizard con, just saw <propfirst> west "
my dog threw up!
i love me some cheese fries 
platinum set for release in 2011  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
"as we celebrate awareness month, please copy this status if you know anyone, or know anyone who knows anyone "
"to all my asian brethren, how many times have you been stopped and asked what kind of asian are you? more specifically, by other asian people?"
my aunt got a shake weight for christmas 
my birthday sucked! happy new years 
"i'm thinking about changing my crappy phone's ringtone to that \droid\"" sound  it'll throw my enemies off guard!"""
"ordered my tv today  good thing i procrastinated, because newegg took 80 dollars more off of it  thanks me being lazy! - -b"
the  hack  g u  games are so good   love  alkaid  love 
i love my new tv 
i don't like short stories 
"you know what i hate in anime? when a character goes missing, and someone asks, is there someplace they liked to be, and like magic, they are obviously there  i would check there first damn it!"
i'm gay im coming out to all my firends on facebook accpet me for who i am
"please disregard my last status, as it was a trolling attempt by one of my friends "
little big planet 2!
the dead space plasma cutter model is much smaller than i had hoped for   sad 
i can't believe eyeshield 21 ends right before the last game in the tournament  what the hell  now i have to see if the manga finishes the tournament 
"oh god, leet speak is really an option on facebook languages now "
"i'm thinking i should dye my hair back to black, or maybe even another color  what do you think?"
"so i just started watching katanagatari  it's really good so far (episode 3), but it's so wordy  they talk a lot  maybe more than death note "
so there's a show called <propfemale>'s greatest otaku    it's on hulu   
katanagatari was really good 
"watching skip beat!\pretty good  cute show "
"i played some mvc3 at bestbuy today  got my shit rocked by some little kid who was on the 1p side and kept picking 30 seconds as the time and spammed jabs  i could win with a basic combo on sent, but not tron  i really suck at that game lol "
skip beat! ended terribly! i really need to start reading manga > >
can't wait for momocon!
woo! first platinum trophy!
"ugh, so tired  good thing i stayed up all night before a final to get to the last episode of highschool of the dead! - -b"
why are there like 500 don't pump gas on this day events? it would work better if everyone at least picked the same day   
oh my god i can't sleep 
i've eaten like    24 boiled eggs in the past 3 days 
gonna cosplay <propfemale>
did anyone go to seishun-con last year?
