7d870abd83df9919b6e2ca12e6487d95
"im so tired of being sick, i havent had a day where i feel just fine in a very long time!!!"
just got back from work and is really tired
im so angry cause my phone is not working very well anymore!!! lol
really wants and needs a new job!!!
is kinda nervous right now  annoyed 
yay! im not nervous any more
just got off work and ive got a <propmale> head ache  annoyed 
" annoyed  im sick again, i have noticed that i get sick a lot  crying "
"i just got back from camping and im tired, sunburnt, and my allergies are going crazy   but at least i had a blast!  smile "
bleh    mondays
still needs a new job!!! i cant seem to find one  sad 
"is waiting for something to happen, it requires money and me and <propmale> dont have that yet, but hopefully that will change soon"
just got back from the zoo!! it was awesome!!
"is tired, hungry, and has a headache  sad "
my car failed the inspections! ='( i need a new car so badly
im having a yard sale at my house tomorrow! everyone should stop by!
doesnt wanna go to work today  annoyed 
aggghhhhh     bleh    i dont feel good ='(
"is so happy! and so sad   my car passed inspection this time, but a job i was really hoping to get decided not to give me a <propmale> so im happy and sad right now  smile  ='("
is getting so sad ='(
its only the first day and it feels like a week ='(
sunday needs to come sooner
is so tired but cant sleep   bleh   
its tomorrow!!!!! yay!!!!!
dang it i just remembered i need to run to maceys     but im feeling so lazy    oh well i guess
<propmale> should be home in about 2 and a half hours!!! yay!!! i  love  my <propmale>
"<propmale> is back but he is leaving again, im very sad  sad                                            i  love  my <propmale>!"
is back from the hospital   and <propmale> is gone   he cant take care of me if he is in idaho lol   jk
"oh my heck, that trip to the doctors was not a pleasant one   i hate being sick"
"is waiting   waiting for the doctor to call me   waiting for <propmale> to call me   just waiting, i hate waiting"
a week from today he comes home   7days  annoyed 
   7 days and counting
wow my house was full of crazed screaming football fans   so exciting   jk byu did a great job  smile 
6 days   i cant wait that long
is getting a headache  annoyed 
5 days left   and not doing so well today  annoyed 
i miss my <propmale>  love   love   love   love 
4 more days     im so excited that he is coming home
   i hate my health right now  annoyed 
"doesnt wanna be sick anymore, doesnt wanna go to the doctors or hospital no more and doesnt wanna eat anymore soup or nasty medicine anymore"
he is back im so so so excited!!!!  love 
im so nervous for tomorrow  annoyed 
"needs new tires for my car like now, on of my tires seperated  annoyed "
i miss <propmale>!
ive got yet another head ache    i get them almost daily
is so excited for fall to come!!!
"i feel really bad for <propmale>, he was out hunting today with his dad and his brother and both his dad and his brother both got deer, but <propmale> didnt  annoyed  hopefully he gets one tomorrow"
"just got back from taking family pictures up at sundance, its so pretty up in the mountains  smile "
ive added a whole bunch of pictures so everyone check them out lol  smile 
i have a sore throat   it hurts  crying 
blah ive got the flu!!! i am so sick ='(
"what am i gonna do? ive got the flu, but i cant get anyone to cover for me   but i cant go to work having the flu   this is no good"
me and <propmale> are going to shoot guns today im so excited!  smile 
"so <propmale> is gone again, this <propmale>e he is elk hunting for the weekend   "
yay! he is coming home tonight! im so excited!!
"<propmale> is back but he didnt get an elk, im just glad to have him back with me though  love   love  love "
work   i really dont wanna go
im back from work so now im happy  laugh 
has to work 10 smile 0 to 2 surprise 0
"please let the weather be good next saturday, please let the weather be good next saturday!!!!!"
hopes to make decent tips today at work!!
"wants saturday to come faster, im so excited"
has such a bad headache  sad 
"oh my goodness, im so excited for saturday, please please please let it be good weather, if its not im gonna cry!!!"
"ok so pirate pizza up in orem is seriously cool they did a really good job with it, everyone should go eat there"
lagoon was awesome!!! i won a huge stuffed panther!!! ive never won anything ever so im so happy!  laugh 
well i have a hole in my neck now  sad  it hurts
i love my dad!!!!!  laugh 
is trying to think of some great places to go to get the rest of her engagement photos done on wednesday so if anybody has any ideas let me know!
im really hoping for good weather tomorrow so we can finish the photos
" sad  ive been sick for so long now and it still hasnt gone away, i had strep throat but that was like a week and a half ago!!!! why wont it go away?!?!?!?"
im so excited!!!!
yay!!! i found a place for my wedding and its all booked and everything! im so relieved!!!
92 days or about three months!!! yay!  laugh 
82 days!
61 days!
allergies!!!!! why?!?!?!?!?!?
52 days!!! or seven weeks from saturday!!! i wish it would come just a little faster!
im so stressed about something i shouldnt be stressed about! what if not very many people come?
40 days!!! getting so close! im so excited!
"just did bridals today, they look so so so cute!  laugh "
im an aunt!!! im so excited! she is such a beautiful baby!!
oh my!! its 30 days away!!! so close!!! i cant wait!!!
20 days left!!!! i cant wait!!!!
oh my gosh! why was there snow!?!?! its almost june!!! i really hope it doesnt snow or rain on my wedding!!  annoyed 
12 days!!!! yay!!!!!
10 days!!!!!!!!!!! its finaly coming!!!!  laugh 
5 days!!!!! oh my gosh!!! i cant wait!!!!!
3 days!!!!!!!!! yay!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
!!!!!!its tomorrow!!!!!!!!!  laugh   laugh   laugh   laugh 
ok everyone after today i will be mrs murdock!  laugh  yay!!!!!!
everything turned out perfect! it was the best day of my life!
stress sucks!
"why must people go out to restaurants on thanksgiving? i thought it was supposed to be a day of resting at home with the family, it just makes people who are forced to work on holidays not get to see their famlies, its very frustrating!"
"i love the feeling of putting on nice warm pjs right after they come out of the dryer, its nice"
its cold
   
"if its not one thing, its another   "
