d15976ad1b220c03b880349fff9b8899
i have to go to work  sad 
getting ready to eat my birthday cake!!! <propmale> chocolate  yum!!!!
finally done with everything! now i go to bed and sleep 
"getting ready to go to bed so i can start yet another week of school, riflery, and work"
going bowling!!!
"got a kid arrested at work, ate free food, and went bowling  last night was a pretty good night "
love! my new laptop  smile 
i hate the common cold!!!!
wacko dress rehearsal tonight  sad 
wacko is finally over!!!!! maybe i can get some sleep now 
<propfirst>'s day turned out to be a pretty good movie 
field trip tomorrow!! going to see supreme court live  i am kind of looking forward to it 
should stop avoiding homework
writer's block  sad 
is lovin the sun
i am so not liking this us gov paper right now 
does not want to go to work today
is not looking forward to working by herself tonight  sad 
wishes all the homework would simply disappear
is regretting putting off this us gov project to the last night
i'm finally done     at 1 smile 0 in the morning
on the couch 
had a fantastically fun night!  laugh 
so since 6am yesterday morning (30 hours) i have gotten a total of 3 hours of sleep  definitely not something i plan to repeat for awhile  lol
is ready for friday already 
hasn't studied for the us gov test yet  sad 
is chatting with an amazing friend while watching the ealges concert on dvd
is in love with the sun!!!!
you may be right i may be crazy but it just may be a lunatic your looking for
ben&jerry's is yummy!!!
last week of school!!!!
what a beautiful day!!!!!
is officially done with ap stats! now i need to study for us gov and enjoy the amazing sunshine 
oh my goodness!!! i had so much fun up at eklutna with chels and <propmale>!  laugh 
now this day is going to get even better cause i'm going to see an awesome friend!
one more day and then i am done with high school!!
making cupcakes!  laugh 
had a pretty fun night at work  laugh 
happy mothers day to all!!!
doesn't have to go to school tomorrow!!!!
graduation tonight!!
ready to party tonight!!
is tired from a long day of driving and having fun
"has to work 12 smile 0 to 9 smile 0 tomorrow  sad  oh well, i need the money anyways"
it's really nice out    maybe i will go on a hike
just got back from a nice hike  laugh 
has to go into the school tomorrow morning to talk to her stupid counselor  sad 
grrrr   i was gonna go on a hike tomorrow and now i can't!!
has to work all day tomorrow and won't get to enjoy the amazing sun  sad 
bored on a <propfemale> day  sad 
getting back from a 5 mile hike at 10 surprise 0pm      can it get any better
one more day of work and then i finally get my weekend!
bike ride at eklutna= dud        stupid wildfires  sad 
is bored and stuck at work
my weekend comes around and so does the rain  thanks mother nature 
is tired of all the shit she has to deal with at work!! they should see what not doing anything actually looks like!
"thinks her car has a signal it sends out to the base guards that says \pick me for random security checks!\"""""
"everybody has cleared out of work already! just a little bit of cleaning, locking up, and then i'm done for the night!"
being at work = bored!!!!
currently has a bruise on her arm that is three different colors
got a 5 on her ap stat test!!!!!!!!
long and mostly boring day  maybe tomorrow will bring more excitement 
\what hurts the most\,d15976ad1b220c03b880349fff9b8899,needs to get out of the house and do something tomorrow 
back to work today  oh and look the sun finally decided to come out  grrr!
time to wash the car!!!!!
it's a new day  time to put the past behind me and look toward a brighter future 
goin' to the air show!
crazy hair is awesome!      until you have to undo it all
more work tomorrow *sigh*
mom's surprise birthday party was a success!!!!
home alone tonight 
"rain, rain go away, come again another day "
stupid caffeine gum   
bored!!!
movin' into the dorms on thursday!
slow day at work
so the movie vampires suck really sucked!
in the dorms!
saw a rainbow when i left work today  laugh 
the constant stream of homework and studying has officialy begun
"note to sore throat annoyed you have been hanging around too long  please leave!"
so it's kinda creepy when you are at a stoplight at night and there is just a homeless guy sitting there  i couldn't wait for the that light to turn green 
5 day weekend from school!!!
shinedown was awesome!!!
"hoping for a nice, calm, and normal day at work tomorrow"
i really wish i didn't have so much calculus to do  sad 
"successfully hiked 12 <propmale> today with my dad! now i am sore and exhausted, lol "
"chemistry test tomorrow, which means study time"
i have a new dislike  driving through fog at night   sad  but on another note easy a was a really good movie!
termination dust!  sad 
almost 1 smile 0am and i am still working on biology  sad 
don't really want to study for my bio lab exam
work from 3 smile 0 to 9 smile 0 tomorrow and then the homecoming dance!
is currently hating her biology lab project
"it's\ love my sister week  if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped\ your tears, hugged you, watched you succeed, saw you stumble, cheered \you on and kept you strong, post this  sisters are a friend forever  put\ this on your status if you have an amazing sister "
this has got to be the worst week so far  two nights of only 3-4 hours of sleep and all because of stupid homework  sad 
"grrrr      stupid uaonline won't let me sign up for bio 116 because \i don't meet the prerequisites\""     what kind of crap is that!!"""
i take monday night off of work so i can go to zumba with friends      and it's freakin canceled!!!!
has been banned from picking movies cause my choices are always bad because the previews are deceiving  sad  love and other drugs was not a good movie
all finals are complete!!! now for a nice relaxing month with no homework  smile 
r i p  <propfirst>  i love you and miss you so much already! best hiking and cuddle <propmale> ever!  crying 
i have officially finished all 7 seasons of gilmore girls  sad  what will i do now?
biology lab paper due + feeling nauseous = crappy night       now time for bed
"midterms mixed with a cold is the beginning of a crappy week  1 test done, 2 to go!"
finally finished my lab notebook!!!! now onto calc studying  sad  2 tests tomorrow with only a 15 <propfemale> break between the them  wish me luck!
officially registered for summer classes  probability and lifespan development 
"so spring break     calculus take-home test, biology homework, honors project, and work  what part of break am i missing?"
"tonight's agenda: tree coring paper, chem test studying, and <propfemale>'s choir concert  hopefully all will be complete by midnight     "
coughing up my lungs  sad 
