576899f753fb6cb8622571078bf445e5
anyone want to play poker?
now you want to try a life of sin
can't stand how everyone changed their status to something stupid about the vmas  who actually cares? i sure as hell don't 
hates <propmale> <propmale> and the patriots 
i'm not the way you think i am 
wants to jam 
who wants to go see paramore with me next month at merriweather?
is off to jmu after classes end  dukes! dukes! dukes!
bad day for football  hopefully baseball will be better  lets go twins 
wishes it was december already
hates the yankees 
happy new year everyone! if you are trying to have some fun out in owings mills hit me up 
have you ever thought just maybe you belong with me?
i make them good girls go bad
no class tomorrow!
"yeah, the money is the motive"
feed your head 
lets go butler
"i'm feeling like a <propfemale>, you can't stop my shine"
you've got to trust your instinct and let go of regret
wants to go on an awesome vacation this summer  perhaps somewhere out of the country  any ideas?
loves entourage
"let's start a riot me and you, cause a riot's overdue"
ghanando  sad 
"let's get it bigger and wider, i'm the mega collider"
baby i'm a troublemaker
wants something to do 
your sex is on fire 
my gun and money don't split call that shit siamese
"girl please excuse me if i'm misbehaving, oh i'm trying to keep my hands off but you're begging me for more"
i hope the air will serve to remind you that my heart is as cold as the clouds of your breath and my words are as timed as the beating in my chest 
"it's so much better when everyone is in, are you in?"
phuck filly
"lets go rangers! you too, giants "
si te pica es mi culebrita
southbound and down to harrisonburg! jmu here we come 
put it down on me
"we say what we feel, then we stop ourselves, and just walk away "
i want to love  i want to feel  find peace  find the real 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
first complete semester of grad school: check  one down four to go 
"who dat? the ravens, bitches "
does anyone know of a website that i watch tv shows for free? i need to catch up on season three of sons 
look what you did to me and my wisdom teeth  your lips were too sweet and they left me with cavities 
new phone for verizon? any suggestions?
my red is so confident he flashes trophies of war  and ribbons of euphoria 
who is trying to go see weezy next month at 1st mariner arena?
it seems i've really lost my way  it seems i've lost myself  it seems i've shed my skin 
is going to be even more sleep deprived than normal while trying to catch up on <propmale> 
i got the shoes wit the matchin fit check  i got them jewels lookin phat around my neck  yeah i know what i'm doin 
"tell sobriety that she's, she's about to meet her doom"
