ec3cc143280b88a0c6bbfa4262bb7e55
"was so close to beating the endless setlist 2  all 84 on-disk songs in a row with no breaks, and i got to song   82 i guess, before failing out and then losing all willpower to continue  sigh  i was on a roll too "
"got her unofficial senior pics taken by her aunt, who is an awesome photographer with an awesome camera  haha "
finished soul mountain  still doesn't know what the plot is    laugh 
says goo goo g'joob! i would greatly appreciate it if someone that has many beatles songs would share them with me    laugh 
asserts that zombieland is one of the best movies ever  for serious 
"saw avatar last night, and it was super awesome, and if you have to choose one movie to see this year in theatres i highly suggest it be that one  for reals  going to see brothers today, so many movies for me lqtm  two in a row    playful "
eagerly anticipates the coming of mass effect 2 on january 26th   ^-^
"\life is a journey  time is a river  the door is a jar \"""""
wants it to be january 26th already  >_>
hasn't been on here in almost a week   mass effect 2 rules all! i still haven't gotten through my first playthrough and it came out on tuesday  that's how epic it is    playful 
"   after going through an immense amount of litigation, the guy who came up with \happily ever after\"" lived reasonably well for a short while """
's boyfriend is going to fly here from illinois to be her prom date!  *squee!*   laugh dd
"doesn't miss the \become a fan\"" button because the \""like\"" button has so many more amusing situations """
tells you to go on google today and stare at it for a while  it's entertaining 
"asks you guys to do me a favor and add me on cafe world as a neighbor  might help me get a job, who knows   =p"
"   dude, a black guy infiltrated the kkk  that's awesome "
finally got her new laptop to connect to the internet    smile 
"says that there are free corn dogs at hot dog on a stick today from 5 to 8, so go get one!"
"says that people should go to hollywood video and buy stuff  everything is 50 or 60% off and they have good stuff too, not just random old crud  video games also "
"   dude, i didn't notice the garbage guy from toy story 3 was <propmale> from the first one  did you?  0_o"
"is sad that her bro didn't get rehired at pioneer   oh well, at least it happened when i was gone i suppose "
"   the local young men are keen on my flavored milk drink and frequent my garden in order to to sample it\they insist that its quality is superior to yours"
"can't find anyone to go to the weezer concert with me   they're $70 tickets yes, but they're in the 3rd row!"
saw inception  my mind e playful loded 
"seems to be out one person to go to the weezer concert   again   sigh  seriously guys, 3rd row   and if $70 seems a bit much, then let's go like 60 or 50 or something, but come on guys!"
says that there's a bachelor party going on downstairs right now    playful 
notes that myspace is all trippy now  if you haven't been on in a while log in and you'll see what i mean     playful 
"kept forgetting about posting this, so i will now: <propfirst> pilgrim vs the world is amazing \that is all "
orders you to go to the yahoo main <propfemale> and click on the exclamation point in the purple yahoo! at the top of the <propfemale>     laugh 
"isn't quite sure what the idea of pokes are supposed to be, other than facebook's way of saying \i acknowledge your existence!\"""""
is going to visit her boyfriend in illinois over christmas break   smile 
tells all you ppl that have no plans today to come to the haunted house in the mall  get a good scare and help fight breast cancer!
   \i'd never loved anyone so suddenly and fiercely – and any good ole' \,ec3cc143280b88a0c6bbfa4262bb7e55,there's a buy one get one free for holiday drinks at starbucks from 2 to 5 today   smile 
"sometimes i want to copy someone's status, word for word, and see if they notice "
it's change your profile pic into your favorite pokemon month!   laugh 
"fight apathy!!!!\   or not   "
"\they asked me how well i understood theoretical physics  i said i had a theoretical degree in physics  they said welcome aboard \"""""
\congratulations," that is the single most frustratingly open-to-interpretation statement i have ever heard someone utter \""\"ec3cc143280b88a0c6bbfa4262bb7e55,"\maturity is knowing you were an idiot in the past \""\",ec3cc143280b88a0c6bbfa4262bb7e55,off to illinois today   please pray for our safe journey and for the recovery of my bronchitis!    dx
i'm having such a wonderful time here so far  i feel so blessed   smile 
it might snow today! i'll get to see it snow for more than a few seconds!    laugh 
buon natale to all of you! and happy birthday jesus!    joyful 
*wonders when the dislike button got here*
"\whenever i'm sad i just imagine if babies were born with mustaches   \""   laugh """
"this  song  is  so  catchy  it is embedded in my brain forever!   annoyed \curse you newgrounds!   shake fist"
\my past is perilous \,ec3cc143280b88a0c6bbfa4262bb7e55,"\go to your profile  the first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming zombie apocalypse  how screwed are you?\""\",ec3cc143280b88a0c6bbfa4262bb7e55,it takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach  a human hair can hold 3kg  the length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb  the femur is as hard as concrete  a woman's heart beats faster then a man's  women blink 2x as much as men  we use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand  a woman has read this entire post  the man is still looking at his thumb  repost if this made you smile
