b960ddc8ba5a07962649a1915cc84571
a month    a year     a decade    what just happened ??? how did 2009 end so fast !!! ah well !!! happy new year guys !
hell   wudnt we all!
what mind ?
wishing all a <propfemale> christmas and a happy new year !
"1   it's  important to have a woman who helps at home, who cooks,cleans up and has a job   2   it's  important to have a woman who can make you laugh   3   it's  important to have a woman who you can trust and who doesn't lie to you    4   it's  important to have a woman who is good in bed and who likes to be with  you    5  it is very very important that these four women do not know each other !!!!"
why is the day so slow !!!! ???!!!!
"people must understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but acceptance        93% of people won't copy and paste this, will you be one of the 7% that does                and make this your status for at least an hour   !!!!"
happy baisakhi to all ! may the year bring abundant joys strength and courage to give each and every one the tools to face his   her personal challenges !!
the beginning of wisdom is to <propfemale> it    
he who laughs at himself  never runs out of things to laugh at    
"deh shiva bar mohe ihey, shubh karman ton kabho naa taroon, naa daroon arson jab jaaoon ladoon ! nishchay kar apni jeet karoon !"
guys ! i need ayurvedics meds for myself  need to know if someone is coming down form <propfemale> asap and if they could bring down the stuff for me!
"remember, your desires are fantasies before they become realties, so \dream a little     "
"men,and women too, are fallible    they lie, cheat, steal, betray  it is human nature, a way of life  to depend on them is to invite disaster  a warrior avoids this    and therein lies his ultimate strength !"
"while you scream at your woman, there's a\man wishing he could talk softly to her ear   while you\humiliate,offend and insult her, there's a man flirting with her and\reminding her how wonderful she is    while you hurt your woman,\there's a man wishing he could make love to her    while you make your\woman cry,there's a man stealing smiles from her   post this on your\wall if you're against domestic violence!!!!!!!"
\it is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much \,b960ddc8ba5a07962649a1915cc84571,"your heart is the only thing that keeps you living     take care of it cause when that disappears, unfotunately so does your ability to live     both metaphorically and really!!!"
"the biggest weakness that god has bestowed on man is an inherent inability to decide his own future  keep in mind , this is a weakness, not an impossibility !"
"from what i have seen, you have to be bright to be a player as\there are so many lies to keep track of and manipulation is not a\fool's game \- a very special friend's advice!"
<propmale> peters   here i come!!!
"love has a wonderful way of blinding you to reality    its a potent drug that leaves you in a world of illusion and robs you of the most essential of senses  yet it is also the core of our existence    just as life teaches you by lessons, love teaches you by illusion    the lessons hurt but they do cause a beautiful heat in your heart    a pain you soon learn to relish and <propfemale>!"
"never\ believe whatt the lines of your hand predict about your future,    c\ o z people who don't have hands also have a future    believe in \yourself!!!!"
"gurvinder singh bindra now has someone to call him \tauji\"" !  smile       <propfemale> just had a son    mom and kiddo are just fine !  smile  no need to congratulate me    send me your million dollar checks to my us address and they better not bounce !!!!  laugh """
love is the irresistable <propfemale> to be irresistably <propfemale>d     <propfirst> twain
just finished 90 mins of <propmale> peters live     vegas is vegas    vegas with <propmale>     now thats something else!
courage is      understanding your role in this universe     accepting your part    and performing it to the utmost satisfaction of the director    i e  the big guy in the sky  i only pray that i am able to understand my part and perform it to the best of my given abilities !
"was just a song once    now words of wisdom \which practically drive me today   and every hour of every day im \learning morethe more i learn, the less i know about beforethe\ less i know, the more i want to look    arounddigging\ deep for clues on higher ground   "
"let's see who is paying attention    every single one of you are on my \friend list is a result of a conscious decision  i wanted u there  i am \not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family! let's see who\ in my friends list actually pays attention  copy and paste this in your\    status  i will be watching to   see who really is    i <propfemale> \friendships! one love   "
deception is the <propmale> of lying to the truth     the only point is    who are you decieving    is the victim really the victim    or have you just ended up being the unwitting victim yourself    for everytime you decieve    you are only causing your own losses   in more ways than one    
"my mind is focused on my tooth    or whatever that was left of it in the dentist's tray  my jaw however, regrets letting it go !! and making me regret it too!  sad "
just a deep disturbance     love is a fragile entity    but friendship itself can be the source of  heartbreak    a very special friend is upset with me   and i have no way to console her   
redrawing designs which were redrawn after they were redrawn incorrectly by someone else who had to redraw them as he didnt have the right drawings anyway! this is definitely drawing on my resources    laugh 
too often we worry about where life is taking us    in our focus on the future   we forget to see what is around us   the opportunities that we seek may actully not be in our field of vison    in order to see properly   focus is necessary   but not all the time !!!
it is rare when a person thinks of you and your well being sitting halfway across the world     someone did   and i am thankful  
"awaiting the arrival of \big sis\""      haven't seen her in      what    15 years atleast now !"""
just came back from an amazing nite with kailash kher !!!! that guy is awesome !  smile 
just got back from tahoe    now back to work !
"a rib eye steak and the company of wonderful ladies at the village pub, palm springs      life has little potential for complaints!"
"sounding\ as anti-garfield as i can    hooray     its monday     and the mind is \bristling with thoughts    of past and the future!"
a workload that i am thankful for today !
"children with special needs do not have an illness; it is not contagious  they onlywantwhat we all want; to be accepted  can i make a request of anyone who iswilling to post this & leave it on your status for at least anhour? it is special education week, & this is in honour of    allchildren who need a little extra help!"
"planning a bollywood night in west hollywood area ! any takers    thinking of daaru shaaru, tangdi kabab and bhangra karaoke ! what say guys ?"
"hey\ say true friends go long periods of time without speaking & never \question the friendship  these types of friends pick up like they just \spoke yesterday, regardless of how long it has been or how far away they\ live and they don't hold grudges  they understand that life is busy, \         and you will always love th      em  re-post if you have at least one of these friends  i am privileged to say that i do!"
"police officers work the streets day & night to keep us safe, \leaving their family to care for yours  so far in 2010 there have been \123 officers killed in the line of duty  thats 123 people who can never \kiss their wife husband, parents or kids again  this is police officer \   appreciation week (repost if you are a police officer, love an \officer,or appreciate an officer )"
wish everyone a happy dusshera !
"to all those who are feeling low about the situation of the us today    republican or democrat    your \opinion\"" does not count if you do not practice when given the opportunity    get out there and cast your vote ! that way   even if things do not work way   you know you did your very best !\",b960ddc8ba5a07962649a1915cc84571,happy diwali people ! hope you guys have fun and lots and lots of good wishes to you guys !
\people are always blaming their circumstances for what they are  i \,b960ddc8ba5a07962649a1915cc84571,euphoria
in <propfemale> for getting my new h1b stamped  am reachable at +52 1664 681 8100 room 108  wish me luck guys !!
just got back from the us consulate in <propfemale>  grilling e playful erience but have the visa approved  shud have it in hand by tomorrow evening after 3 pm 
"back at work    amongst the varous con call i attended over mon and tuesday, i never realized how much of work had piled up here !!!"
i owe everybody a big thanks   i crossed over hundred wishes on my birthday    feels good to have friends ! thank you guys    all of you !
feeling sick and down   plus worried about a friend's visit (much awaited) to the neurologist ! hope all goes well !
<propfemale> christmas to all my friends and family    in the us and <propfemale>    i hope you have very happy and memorable holidays!
"i pledged to connect 10 minds to after-school science, technology, engineering and math opportunities  join me in helping today's kids become tomorrow's problem solvers by taking the pledge on time <propmale> cable's www connectamillionminds com"
"another year drawing to a close   although i swear   it just whizzed by !\wish everyone a wonderful n happy new year !"
sorry for having disappeared over the new year guys ! lost my phone and am in a very remote area with no internet  just got my hands on a computer and thought i would update all of you before i had the cops looking for me ! : ) hppy new year guys and hope you have a lovely year ahead of you all ! back on tuesday morning pacific time !
"missed my flight to ewr from lax  my trip home is delayed, possibly even cancelled! i am bummed to say the least!!!  sad "
"reached nj  @ewr  awaiting \checkin to see if i make the next flight   "
got the flight     on my way to mumbai now!
"reached home     now need to \take care of some unpleasantness first    "
home and done with the various activities    back to work from now on ! missed you guys !
wishing everyone of my friends a lovely valentines day ! may the <propfemale> of the day fill your hearts with love and your spirits with happiness !!
"a hiking we will go ! a hiking we will go ! ay ho , the <propfemale> ho     a hiking we will go !!!  smile  off to runyon canyon folks ! if i go missing    you know where to come get me !  wink "
back safe n sound and after some crazy fun ! was a beautiful place too !  smile 
