24b89cf27525dc3b0c388b26e38fac5b
sleeps in a cave 
japan is conspiring to make <propmale> angry this week 
aims to misbehave  
"3 smile 0 and it's just me, the principal, and a 4th grade teacher at school   mottainai   "
"today was, perhaps, the most useless day of my entire life "
gunma traffic center can go to hell and die 
is rage incarnate 
called off the search and made his own peanut sauce with crap he had lying around   and it was awesome!!!!!!!!! omg guys!!!
is ready to start a riot 
"eighth time's the charm   i hate you gunma traffic center   i'll hate you until the day i die  my children will hate you, and their children shall hate you as well "
"had a conversation with some teachers today whose subject quickly went from florida, to hemingway, to the most efficient way to shoot yourself in the head "
needs to pee 
is peeing 
doesn't need to pee 
bought a kotatsu and a blender 
http annoyed  www halloweenyes com
"november? more like ovember, amirite?"
"<propfirst> a giant trogdor on the board in class today,  with the majesty and everything "
had a nice conversation about guns in <propfemale> during lunch with the 6th graders today 
finals week is when i'm glad i'm not in college anymore 
"2010 in review:   almost completely worthless \tron in review:  pretty great \kotatsus in review: top ten invention of all time "
is japan you guys 
"you guys know of any good online english-japanese dictionaries? edict-based dictionaries are great for japanese-english, but rely on reverse lookup for e-j, and the results are horrible   if you search for the word \poem\"" at <propmale> breen's wwwjdic  the correct term for a generic poem (? [shi]) is the 120th result!"""
is for serious 
this space intentionally left blank 
ate an avocado 
"the next person to use \gate\"" as a suffix will be punched through the face """
"what is sadder: a closed down pachinko parlor with an empty parking lot, or a pachinko parlor with a full parking lot?"
is looking for foils 
taught his last class today 
omg let me leave i'm bored as hell and have shit to do i'm typing in caps people can it get any worse?
is in north <propfemale>   and is sleepy 
will be in minneapolis this weekend 
how is it thursday?  does anyone even remember tuesday?  did tuesday exist?
"it's 1:40 a m  and the only think to eat is salad   fine, then "
i did it!!!!!!!!!!111111111111111112gserbwel
"i have been using \-beard\"" as a suffix lately """
   heh :-\\
just because it has been raining all day doesn't mean the internets should be behaving like it's aol circa 1996   > sad   (we get wireless connection only out here in the sticks )
since when is snow allowed when it's still summer?
same old bullshit story 
"when i stumbled upon some egg nog cartons at the store today, i lit up like i had une playful ectedly ran into a friend i haven't seen years whom i secretly love, and she smiled back and said, \we need to catch up later  how about tonight?  i gotta go feed some starving children right now with all this money i make by being awesome \"""""
2010 is almost over and we still haven't been to europa 
has a real problem getting to sleep at a reasonable hour 
roll that beautiful bean footage 
sometimes i click on political ads i don't agree with just to waste their money 
splat 
