002c11a4190aca0e3a9f691b8b7bf00c
still feels like the old yr  yet now its cold as hell!!
lets go eagles
living the life one breath at a time
opps meant to type that on my profile    go phillies
not too much  same old me  just better wink 
living in shittsville usa
no offense southerners
good night  im out
"someone needs to come visit me, i dnt know anyone here other than my gf and the people i do jobs for and my bro but he lives 30 minutes away and we dnt really get along anyway   im serious though if any of ya go on vacation to the south you would have a free place to stay   im not needy but i do miss hanging w old friends"
oh yea and sparky was the best player on the girls basketball team class of 99  my cuz <propmale> was pretty good too i told <propfemale> she was the best but she didint think so  9th grade girls b-ball   vote now  best player?  <propfemale> pen would tell u  she was my b-ball watchin <propmale>
personalitys never change
"its better to have one and not need it, than to need one and not have it right?"
is <propfirst> hill good w kids?  any comments?
has anyone ever done this as well?  you run to go get something quick and when you got there you forget what the hell you came there for and you gotta think about it for a sec   i do that occasionally
coming to <propfemale> soon to visit
yea  eat that damn yankees!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is coming to <propfemale> soon   who will pick him up from the bus stop?
do only truly blessed people have moments that feel like they last for ever    or do good times fly by for everyone??????????
has to deal w bullshiters everyday     and is so sick of 2 faced backstabbin scumbags!!  so carefully pick your friends in life   because the shitty folks out weigh the good ones by  a ton      its probably like 1000  to 1
is jus killing time until his <propfemale> gets home       
wanna wacth a movie 2nite     any good ones to recommend??   not saw 6  that was too graphic for me  way too much blood and gore!!
come on eagles!!!!    dont choke pls!!!!!!
"dont take that  what celebrity do u look like quiz if your a guy   its only for woman, it said i look like fergy??? wtf  u know that girl from black eyed peas"
whts a profile badge???  anyone?
once again late night because facebooks got me by the balls    
heres me        blah blah blah blah   damn that guys gota lot of stuff to say  he must not have anyone to talk to at the moment  sad   im a good listener too   im just in a good mood and am amped right now!!
rain rain go away so <propmale> can make some money today!!!
you know wht grinds my gears? when some ass is in such a rush to pull out in front of you only to turn 20 feet down the road!!!  aww man talk about road rage!!
facebook e playful erement   first memory my friends have of me     pls comment im curious!! wether we speak often or not
"beautiful day out today!!! get of ass and go outside, this pertains to me as well  wink "
is a lil under the weather  sad 
"became a non smoker,  but now has to get g f  to quit!!"
ughhh  holidays are stessful!  but i do hav my christmas shoppin done  smile 
coffee   mmmm  good
is it warm in <propfemale>?  its unusaully warm in nov   even for nc
happy 10th reunion to my classmates!!!   wont be able to make it   hope those that go have a lot of fun   ill miss ya's   maybe ill be there for the 15th yr or 20th??  damn how time flies!!!!!!!!!!!   wish it would slow down so i could catch up
lets start a new post   who all isnt goin to the reunion?  then i wont feel so bad  sad 
"anyone of my friends a vet??  my dog squirt broke her leg, didnt poke through skin  i set her leg and put a splint on it and gave her aspirin  shes seems to be ok movin around and eatin and givin me kisses     just wanna know if any of you had this happen before?"
i got in big trouble tonight by eating the <propfemale> pie for thanksgiving and the whip cream    i couldnt resist!!  mmm   <propfemale>'s mad @ me  wink 
good mn game      houstons has 47 sec  to score down by 3
im off to see the wizard!!
sometimes i feel like i dont hav a partner     sometimes i feel like my only friend 
happy turkeyday
"startin off bad already, bought one of those foil roasters 4 turkey put it in the oven and caught it on the end of the rack and ripped a damn hole in it  spilled chicken broth all over oven  had to go to store and buy another one this time bought 2  o well though it'll turn out happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!!"
any of yous have xbox live?? im gettin it hooked up soon
gotta get a new camera    walkin my dog roco 2day and was bout to take a pic and he started running and jerked the camera outa my hand and fell into a stream and lost my balance and i stepped on it         wht f'n luck i have i was so pissed
anyone watch any good movies lately??? home sick and wanna watch some movies but not sure wht to pick     even ones that r in the theaters i can watch too!!
wow the pats r gettin manhandled by the saints
"can not wait to get a new computer, so he can smash his laptop over his knee!!!!  p o s "
really does miss his old friends
yaaahhhhhh  <propmale> shaub your the man!!!!!!!
"so sick of the hippies that act like war is meaningless  if we were all skippin around throwin daisys wed b attacked from all sides  that bein said <propfemale> will never let there guard down so all of us can b free! thats y those great men n woman r doin this  they r fightin 4our freedom from kamakazi, p o s  terrorists that hate <propfemale>  war is necassary! and a part of life"
is one cool mo fo!!    ho ho ho
wants to know     how the hell is everyone by they way??
"haha  im hammered woooo    all you need is love, love is all you need!!!!"
headache!!!!!!!!!! never drinkin again feel like shit   wink 
c'mon weekend
someone jus shot both of my moms dogs!!  apparently they were after the guys chickens? but the guy had them locked up for 3 days then shot them today and got caught burying them      fucked up huh??   my dogs wouldnt hurt any other animals so if someone shot mine theyd be in deep shit!!
someone take a picture of the snow for me that youve been gettin in <propfemale>!!
i leave my teeth marks in styrophome cups so i know theyre mine!!
quick quiz>>>>>  who were fletsom and jetsom???? <<<<<<<
some of these quizes on fb are really gay!!!  im not goin to take any more unless they hav 4 or 5 stars
"s o b!!!!  i let the damn fire go out, now i gotta go cut somemore kindling and get it going again   yay   dam it!!"
another fri night home alone     booo hooo   least i got some booze!!
dont choke eagles dont choke
good game eagles hope they make to playoffs and kick the saints ass
does anyone else jus spin the bread bag and fold under like me instead of using the twist tie???  <propfemale> gets mad @ me for doin that
some ppl jus really do fuckin suck!!!!!!!!!
?
good thurs night game!!!   glad cuz mn's game sucked!!
oh shit its spose to snow in <propfemale> on sat    alright!!!!!!!!!!
"holy shit i jus got shocked, was unpluggin a space heater instead of turning it off and it sparked at the outlet an hit my hand wht a terrible fuckin feeling  im all shakin an shit, and not because its cold     not that anyone cares but jus thought id share   you all prolly woulda laughed at me if ya seen it lol  wink "
"tiiiiime is on my side, yes it is!!"
"wow   my dog cloe snoars like a beast,  i mean damn its really loud shes gonna have to go outside soon brought them in because of the rain and cold but they have shelter out there"
i'll turn an atheist into a god fearing believer!
<propfemale> christmas
"think im jus going to leave the tree up til next christmas, fuck it!"
"aww i dont wanna go to <propfemale> to build a damn shed, but works work i guess  sad "
too many comercials on a football game
wonders how his life would be if i      
what?!  you dont like pizza?
beware of beer cans with cig  butts in them    ewwwwww   givs me the shivers   huwah
"hate it when i hear someone go  \aw snap\""  like wtf is that?  so lame and gay  jus annoys me cuz im hearing it quite frequently"""
has anyone seen sherlock homes yet?? if so was it any good?
anyone hav any movie request?? ill post wht ever ones u pick
hey ya'll
cocksuckers keep kickin me off xbox live
"dear sunday,  hurrry the fuck up and get here!!!!!!"
"seems like the nicer i am the more i get screwed over    wht kinda back assward shit is that??  im jus gonna be a prick for awile and see where that gets me, guess they mistake my kindness for weakness??"
"has anyone ever played a game for 7 hrs straight or even more??  im talkin xbox platstaytion or similar type consoles  jus wonderin, cause i have   hope its not a bad thing an fries my brain or somethin "
im bored  i wanna go out someone come pick me up !!
fuck it im goin out!!
peace !
"wow  great game!!!    hope th superbowl will be close like that, but doubt it   i was rooting for the vikings "
gotta leave for s c  at 4 in the mornig   buzz kill     but need to keep workin after s c  im off to virginia    yay    dont like the travelin part but it pays the <propmale> and then some  wink 
"short and sweet or more detail?  was told i talk too much and never get to the pnt til the end well  theres so many different angles to look at on some short comment so i tend to be more precise, andi hate to be misunderstood bc some ppl hav the wrong idea about me   im a very mellow, easygoing guy   like nature,building, animals and sports and sex  wink  will always stick up for my family and true friends no matter what"
another long as ride again @ 4 in the morning   booo
district 9 was good hope theres a sequiel!
"finally got some snow in nc,  i can at least go boardin down the hill!!  smile   little hills but take wht i can get"
"those 5 layer burritos @ taco <propfemale> kick ass for only  $0 89   there big too, good deal"
"someone from the south that rarely sees snow shouldnt be telling me how to drive in it, especially knowing  im from <propfemale>!  duh!"
"note to self,  next vehicle you get make sure its fwd or awd equipped w brushguard and winch   it will save tons of aggrivation and stress "
has to not swear so much!!
"i dont like those forensic file shows on tv, only because it will show the criminal killer how not to make a mistake, therefore it will be harder for them to get caught   not good"
"have to go to <propmale> head island to tear down a display model of garage at home depot  deliver to customer who bought it, then go back to nghome depot and builda new display and paint the damn thing   looks like my weeks gona be busy  sad  maybe get home by sat "
wht times he super bowl on?
im goin w the saints
kick ass superbowl game!!!
its snowing pretty hard in nc
yay no work for me tomorrow
puts the bottom paper plate on top and reuses it 
dont ever leave a rabbit unattended in your house  they'll chew the shit out of any wire they find
is hearing a dripping sound in his bedroom and cant find where the hell its coming from   its driving me nuts!!!!!!!!
wonder if i can make choc  covered pretzals by dunking them in choc syrap and put them in frig???
"some of you that have like 600 plus friends     damn! do you really know that many ppl or some jus through the internet?? most of mine i've at least seen or talked to at least once face to face   theres prolly less than 100 that i even like  wink   haha j k i like all my friends, cept for about 2 or 3!   wink "
woe is me
"\the line between good and evil runs through every human's heart\"""""
"just be yourself!  hate when ppl try to act different only because they're \under the spot light\""     so fake   you know wht i mean     the type that only do good things if theres a witness   haha  fake f*cks!!"""
"better life better life    tell you wht, cut out the bullshit in mine and im as close to heaven as i can be    yea no bullshit, no drama , or shitty ppl  and no money issues  oh yea and having someone to spend life with =  heaven"
wtltghak
can you deep fry bacon?
happy weekend!
rain tommorow means no work for me       pls pls rain!!!
"wht to do, wht to do? hmmm  "
wht a shitty day!
i guess today we change the clocks ahead??    unless my pc's wrong    hate it when we loss an hour
"were you born an asshole, or did you work on it your whole life?"
ill be in <propfemale> by friday   leaving on sunday   not looking forward to the 9 hr  drive though 
hmmmm    should i bring my own pillow???
went to <propfemale> over the weekend for my grams memorial    visited wth friends and family  had a good time  wish i could have stayed longer   going to try and make it up again this august 
bought a new computer this weekend!!  smile    i finally get to smash my old one !!!
some ppl are such pieces of shit   makes me sick   hope they suffer   and die horribly 
"hope for rain all week, so i wont hav to work   and now its only raining weekends   wtf!"
"sittin at a bar on the inside, waitin for my ride on the outside!!"
uh oooooooohhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
is there anybody out there???????????????????????
like two lst souls swimmin in a fish bowl         yr after yr
"**facebook e playful eriment**wich of you      for real for real considers me a (real) (true) friend???  jus drunk and  curios and bored as fu@#!!!!!!!!!!!any answer will work               and also        become a fan of, those who dont like me for me can go fuck themselvse            hahahhahahaha"
ima <propmale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!
only because im drunk
ima be!
money doesnt buy happiness huh? well if i had millions in my account id be pretty damn happy  wink   def  solves most problems 
"i've been in 23 states, and might get to all 50   but the heck with the states   i want to go over seas!!"
lost another job today    sux ass
"anyone order the rampage, evans fight?  if so let me know who wins"
jus got home from the hospital    ive got kidney stones   omfg does it hurt  even with the percocets its still killing me   worst part is how much it will cost me  1000 for the mri   800 for emergency room  more for the iv they had me on and whtever for the doctor visit and seeing the uroligist     anyone had kidny stones before??  need some advice 
feels like a new man!!!!!
im goin to drink coronas and chill in the pool all day       so  hot here!!!
"thanks for the birthday wishes, everyone!!! i appreciate that   if only i could get that many presents!!  wink "
whats up everyone  happy 4th!! hope you all hav a great day!!
cursed and blessed all at once  but wich out ways the other?  hmmm     =
"the a c  has been out 2 days now  the repairman was suppose to come 2day, but didnt or <propfemale> never answered the door?  i dont know how the hell ppl survived this kinda heat down here without it   its torture "
they need to make a t v  with a <propfemale> button built in to locate the remote!!
how do you fix fudge that wont harden??  anyone hav any ideas
no!!!!
wooo hooo   im so happy   jus got a new job   and they pay more
wish i could retire already  sad 
"im not smart, but damn i feel like einstein compared to some of these ignorant asses"
why text while your driving?  c'mon ppl!
whats my age again?
any friends on facebook hav xbox live?
packers
"hot cocoa w whip cream,  mmmm   mmm"
fell off an inversion table last night   think my shoulders dislocated   no work for me today   anyone know how to undislocate a shoulder?
happy v-day all!  and gnite
"dont ever try to freeze choco coverd stawberries!!   sad   almost ruined the whole batch   i learned to just make them earlier, rather than the last minute!!"
i hear there making or made a movie about facebook!?  cant wait to see that one!  {sarcasm}   i mean really??   those writers must be running on fumes   bet ya there'll be lots of action in that       not!  i like f b  for games and keeping in touch w friends and family   dont really see a strong movie plot there
time to drownd some sorrows!   smile 
live life without regret       it makes you or breaks you
"i really, really wish fake people would just die and go to hell already!!!!  develop your own personality u sick s o b 's!!   just how i felt at the moment of sharing and still do"
there comes a time where you reach clarity!
ai-yai-yai!!!!
everyone's a different flavor!
"is anyone else getting random pop ups from the webpages you visit? *message from webpage  you've one!!! itll be out of nowwhere too   some ass will be loud , \congratulations you've won\""!!sometimes it'll scare the shit outa me   i dont fall for the crap   my concern is: do i need to increase my pc security or just track these assholes down??  \""where's my damn $1000 walmart gift card  bastard's??"""
rise and rise again until lambs become lions!
"true point:::::::   sometimes being honest \ royally fuck's  you\"""""
not wink 
how does this facebook thing work again?? wink 
"does anyone know if a hondo electric guitar is a \good\"" guitar???"""
facebook can go to hell with all these random pop up's and viruses!
