7dd67e3d04df600df08095367221ff05
i have to go back to college and classes and tests and life tomorrow   sigh   
it's my birthday!!!!!!!!! i'm 20!  (ps i won the game)
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!
it's a never-ending circle of craziness 
is crazy!!!
is wondering if his dexterity modifier is added to damage when he uses a ranged weapon 
it is 5 smile 5 am and i am getting ready to leave for my clinical 
blah    off to clinicals at waaaaayyyyyyyy too early in the morning 
is a shellfish
"if i do not return from my class, know that my a&p midterm killed me "
i shall attempt to revive a dead computer 
loves juice boxes
needs to go outdoors and get some clorophyll in his blood   feeling sun deprived   
"do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to god "
is on a roll!
is on facebook after weeks of wonderful blissful non-facebookishness 
i love how long the day seems when i stay up late 
"oh, hey i can't believe it! i am awake    again   "
is feeling sheepish   baaaaaa!!!
"if i microwave a metallic object in a microwave, i trip a surge protector  how interesting "
facebook ate my farmville presents 
so much christmas <propfemale>   
"every morning, it's the same pain  the pain of this body    these aches and strains- these limbs, heavy and tired and sore  it just never ends    the crushing burdens, they drain you "
"stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart upon your bed, and be still  psalm 4:4"
violent patients are always fun 
"good morning world, i bid you good day  off i embarck to heal sick people, and display my knowledge on a test "
fell out of bed this morning  it hurt  a lot 
it is icy outside right now!
"a patient with violent, bloody diarrhea is a nice follow up to the violent patient "
"come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and i will give you rest  <propfirst> 11:28"
"i am going to go comatose for a few hours, hallucinate vividly, and maybe have amnesia about the whole e playful erience "
yay no clinicals!!!!!!!!!! more study!!!!!!!!!!
dear world that is awake    go to bed!!!!! we don't all need to be as crazy as me 
i feel as if my brain has e playful loded and my body has yet to realize it 
ugh  class 
ugh  homework 
ugh  me caveman 
i'm a dinosaur
i have decided that i am an insomniac 
i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human i am a human 
86% on my pathophysiology test  yeah!
i'm alive!!!!
kill count=13
mmmmmmmm    brains   
wants to know what he missed on this stupid exam! tired of feeling like i aced it when i am not doing so good 
i am already awake  getting ready to face a new day  i will be doing some nurse-type-stuff in a few hours  hi 
i  am  a  neeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrd  (hear me roar)
woof 
i am the frito bandito   
hello world! i am excited to airsoft tomorrow!!!!!!
just thought i would mention that i am awesome!
"after a year long hiatus, i have begun weight lifting again  it is difficult, but i will persevere!"
"facebook presents the question \what's on your mind?\"" and i realize there is nothing    nothing at all """
jasbhdhb lashb dfiabdlvb laigrbhlasdknvlkafylk waiel kvklbdasuhbvgf lkasbdfyigrhwalkvbilsdfavg!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!camping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!home!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<propfemale>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is working hard  (not)
wants to go to a ren fair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i like the sledgehammer carnival games  i kick their butt 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone!
loves his girlfriend!
is currently listening to classical music 
"is saved, and loving it "
"when life knocks you to your knees, never get angry with god  instead, thank him for the extra opportunity to pray and use it wisely "
= the prime example of exhausted fatigue 
"oh, the depths of the riches of the wisdom and knowledge of god! how unsearchable his judgments, and his paths from tracing out! who has known the mind of the lord? or who has been his counselor? who has ever given to god that god should repay him? for from him and through him and to him are all things  to him be the <propfemale> forever! amen \romans 11 smile 3-36 niv"
yay! all moved in 
"the hour has come for you to wake from your slumber, because our salvation is nearer now than when we first believed  the night is nearly over; the day is almost here  so let us put aside the deeds of darkness and put on the armor of light "
"the \hour has come for you to wake from your slumber, because our salvation \is nearer now than when we first believed  the night is nearly over; the\ day is almost here  so let us put aside the deeds of darkness and put \on the armor of light \romans 13:11b-12"
"the hour has come for you to wake from your slumber, because our salvation is nearer now than when we first believed  the night is nearly over; the day is almost here  so let us put aside the deeds of darkness and put on the armor of light \romans 13:11b-12"
hi! i am currently on a <propmale> laptop  i like it 
"studying is slowly losing the stigma that it carried for me  it was once a torturous e playful erience, but it is now becoming a time of learning and peaceful contemplation "
"may the god of peace be with you all  amen \romans 15 smile 3"
arachnaphobes tend to be late for class when there are giant fuzzy spiders jumping out of their closets 
64 4 x 8 -127 x 2^2 x 2^3 + 500 50 = ?
((((((64 4) smile -127)2^2)2^3)+(500 50))
estoy estudiando por mi prueba espanol 
tengo bastante tiempo para bailar  me encanta bailar 
is busy beating people up  please leave a message at the beep            beep!!
"caffeine, thou <propmale> great  dear lord, thank you for making caffeine, you are amazing "
