9b4ef1bef2ff384c5c3cb1d948bed951
my cell is back in service for those who don't know already  still recovering  happy new years!
thinking about lexi  love  my new girl love 3
"where there's a will, there's a gay"
looking forward to transformers megan fox tonight!
out & about!
blahhh enough is enough
this is all so un-fucking-real!
been up for so long i might just try taking a nap 
the good news: finally made it through my audition successfully & got my callback for tmwr 
think what you want  but better watch what you say  and don't always believe what you hear  anyways crazyfun weekend!
setup & gettin ready for nephew jacobs 1st bday party!!!
skedaddlinggg to my one n only class for today
waiting to run an errand! itll be storming more later!
watched some us open  craazy
gettin ready for the party n tonight!!
running 
"doing some cleaningg, maybe homework, and whatever else comes up!"
energetic tug-of-war  that says it allll!
oth! & gossip girl!  love 
"life can knock you down, it can break your heart"
reading  with this permanent headache ive developed  its incredible 
ugh spare me  tgif!  smile 
c'mon cowboysss
drowsy   
waiting for it 
tuesdays just aren't the same anymore   nothing is!!!
posssibly tennis later!
great night but not in a very good mood now 
cowboys should've had that   
"fml! cancelled interview, class @ 5   now what"
"decisions, decisions   ohhhhhmy"
wayyy to go cowboys! thats still the best thing to happen today
cooking and getting some reading done  whoooo!
fingers are crossed
just need to free my mind  #$^%&#! going ouut!
yay another long week ahead!!!
"got out of class extra early, went by the country club, now home!"
"should be goin to see <propfirst> <propmale> along with eyb, stoney <propfemale>, and <propfirst> moore   uh huh"
had an amazing time at block last night!! watching the cowboys and hw!
what a longgggg week  tgif and i got the jobbb!!
didn't want this weekend to end!  love 
today was fulll of surprises   whats next?!?!
is just a little bit of everything! somebody unscatter me
"what a day  can't believe everything thats happened!!! better yet, you learn something new everyday "
wedding was fabulous!! im so happy for <propfemale> and <propfirst>!  love 
"in spite of murphy's law (if anything can go wrong, it will), i'm relieved that at least my laptop is working again "
over and done with finals!
"is stunned  on the other hand, i could use a nap but some tennis after the cowboys game would do "
has alcohol awareness class tonight in richardson  awesome 
so much on my mind   its impossible to sleep
"   then the sun came up, and reality set in "
"it may be super slow, especially compared to yesterday, but it's a fascinating day at the tennis shop lol  smile "
still have nearly all of my favorite pieces of music to play   wish i had myy violin 
the snow is sticking!
saw sherlock holmes!! merrrry christmas y'all!
like a sword with a double edge blade its gonna cut deep either way 
is home and had such a great time visiting my dad family  getting ready for trans-siberian orchestra tonight!!  smile   love 
will be moving away shortly 
nude  wink 
not nude  black and pink   wink 
is officially moved  watching the grammys!
<propfemale> is a virtue 
ugh! feeling out of touch  annoyed 
wants to get the new <propfemale> soundtrack!
aggravated 
"finally went to the movies and more than halfway through it, the film burned up  twice "
"\life is pain and we gotta scrape the joy out of it every <propmale> we get \"" haha"""
wow   so many tragic happenings 
"\he kissed you and you said thank you? well that was very polite \"" lol"""
"forgot that the post office here is closed on saturdays! in the meantime, ssdd "
"brilliant, resilient "
funeral this morning  then getting ready to head to <propfirst> 
needed a good laugh! i love my big sis!  smile 
bowfire was hot   smile 
successful weekend  my body hurts  looking forward to this week's getaway!
is home from an awesome break spent with awesome people  smile )
having a twilight new <propfemale> movie night  love 
time to get down to business!
reading away my friday 
"\pride ain't nothing when it comes to matters of the heart \"""""
"all-nighter-ish? it's going to be a long, long week!"
off to abilene for a bit!
listening to one of my early presents  smile  could i be any more tired?
happy easter everybunny!  smile 
"so it's easter, trading of mcnabb, and california starting to fall into the ocean day   "
it's happy burfday to me time! i'm finally 20 & still just a baby =p
thank you all so so much for the birthday wishes  laugh  yall rock!
still love the sun even if it burns me
boom goes the texas stadium! found a channel and watched it implode into dust   can't believe it won't be there when i come back 
"wtf! nothing is wanting to work right, including facebook "
"my heart, hopes, and prayers go out to <propfirst> and the lear family "
my schedule is so off again   goodnight morning!
i must really like wearing food 
finished a class early as of today & having a late night celebration  smile 
watching for the meteor shower  happy earth day!
"it's <propfemale> but i'm going to go try playing some tennis! should it be tooo <propfemale>, i will run "
unsure   
'tis quite an excellent feeling to be ahead of my classes and that much closer to the end of the semester!!
only one more final to go! then all of my wildest dreams will come true  something to look forward to 
tgim!
backkk in dallas ft  worth 
needs to have some cuban coffee!
"it was written in the sky today by the morning sun, it sure looks like a good day to run"
these headaches are a real pain in the head 
i am now on the 3rd season of lost! watching it is like reading a book that you just can't put down  and the series finale is tonight 
satc 2 only looks appealing because of the wardrobe  that's soley based on the previews i've seen  still wouldn't mind seeing it 
not fun but getting things doneee 
i'm on a roll & i'm ready to rock
will be taking summer i classes and getting reacquainted with <propmale>!
swan in the water  love 
"phed preassessment's over with   apparently i have really good upper arm strength for someone my \tiny\"" size  now i'm free for the weekend  and will be seeing my bff soon! =p"""
"everybody needs to watch \remember me\"""""
really haven't felt like myself lately   just stuck in a rut 
perfect weather for the twilight triple feature hehe  can't wait for eclipse tonighttt  smile 
missed out on fireworks but still had an eventful 4th of july weekend 
finally watching zombieland!
one summer class is over! just 4 more weeks of another 
babysat all day & now reading until i fall asleep!
gag me 
"eventually, the soreness will subside from the weights then running, topped off with p90x, yesterday "
had too much fun in the sun   
doneee with summer classes! watched a guy play tennis in a speedo! & wedding in plano tonight!  smile 
mosquitoes suck! they all need to diiie 
so tired 
"\i wish i were supernaturally strong so i could put right everything that is wrong \"""""
"after watching the us open qualifying tournament, i feel i might have to go play some tennis later "
whathaveidonetomyhair; i'm liking it short for a change  insane day started out with a haircut and ironically topped off with black swan 
sending my love to the penn family my family  my brothers and sister's dad passed away this morning  rip <propmale> penn 
"\i don't want to miss a thing\"" from karaoke last night is stuck in my head  thank you <propfemale> for handing me the other mic """
yuck  lovey-doveyness  hvd  smile 
