5650e3418b613b85eb7f9c340292d070
just what i need   another blog to keep track of 
is brain tired and wants another vacation or at least a longer weekend 
"i'm glad i had some sick hours saved up, or i'd be in trouble now "
just wants to dance!  i really hope she agrees to start a saturday class for us 
"just got a new work schedule   starting 10 10, i'm monday-friday 9-6 "
"is feeling a bit sore still, especially in th neck and mid-back "
"my back finally feels better, but i have an appointment with my doctor anyway "
i love my weekly bellydance practice   i wish i had either a bigger place or access to a dance studio 
is looking forward to clocking out and having dance practice 
is being put back on the closing shift   sad   hopefully this means rescheduling the dance class and not cancelling it 
"had \hot patootie   bless my soul\"" stuck in her head until she saw the muppets sing bohemian rhapsody """
"is sick and gets the feeling that she really shouldn't be taking calls, but will try anyway "
is too sick to work and trying to keep it from getting worse 
"is still sick since tuesday night, but also stuffed with thanksgving dinner "
is still sick   hopefully it will end before the weekend does 
is eating chicken & noodle soup and drinking sprite   it seems to be helping 
is alsomst all better now!  we'll see if the doctor agrees tomorrow 
had both <propfemale> and <propfemale> call in sick    sad   no dance class today 
"is in a dance-y mood, but really needs sleep before work "
"feels like <propfirst> looking and the light at the top of the cavern, wishing she were part of that world above "
"just saw the new iron man trailer   may 7 is a long time to wait, but i look forward to it "
"thinks it's funny how calls are non-stop until after 6pm, then they're anywhere from 5-10 minutes apart "
has been playing wii fit plus today   it shouldn't be too hard to do this for 30 minutes a day!
purple
copy this into your status and see what people rate you   1: crazy   2: i'd marry you   3: talkative   4 sarcastic   5: loveable   6: clubhead   7: moody   8: dumb   9 spoiled   10: mouthy   11: random   12: hot   13: funny   14: fit   15: amazing   16: tough   17: cute   18: bf gf type   19: player   20: the best
thinks that flourescent pink has made it into her top 5 favorite colors 
"<propfemale> foxtrot yankee <propfirst> uniform <propfirst> <propfemale> november uniform november <propfemale> <propfemale> <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> november <propfemale> tango hotel <propfemale> <propfemale>, <propfirst> <propfirst> papa yankee <propfemale> november <propfemale> papa <propfemale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango <propfirst> yankee <propfirst> uniform <propmale> <propfemale> tango <propfemale> tango uniform <propfemale>"
loves the fact that working from home means she does not have to go outside in this weather!
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
new orlean's starts the party early this year!  yay saints!
loves the sound of the rain outside 
is sick for the second day in a row   hopefully i'll get my voice back before monday 
"is still sick, but getting better   i'm thinking next time i'll drink heavily so that i have a good reason for thorowing up and feeling like crap in the morning   hey, if you're gonna do the time   "
i don't remember the last time i got this sick   what's worse is i can't get a hold of my doctor 
"doubly annoyed because facebook ate my last post   i tried to reschedule my dentist appointment so i could schedule the time off on my own   it turns out i actually can get the time off and i'm about to tell the girl never mind, only to learn she has already erased me and given my appointment to someone else   not happy "
"always gets a kick out of hawaiian customers saying \aloha\"""""
i found relatives i did know i had   this is kinda cool 
"wonders if anyone else thinks the pope resembles the emperor from <propfemale> wars   seriously, those eyes!"
i really hope i'm not getting sick again   i started using degongestants right away and that seems to be helping 
"one of my dream homes is a two story loft apartment   too bad the ones on l street start at $675,000 "
farmville is being depicted on the new sout park episode   the frightening part is this episode illustrates facebook drama with very little exaggeration 
"ordered the ipod, went with the practical engraving   should be here any time between tomorrow and next wednesday "
is pretty sure the ipod shuffle will arrive tomorrow as it just got into oakland an hour ago 
as of 8 surprise 7 my ipod is in stockton on a fed ex truck for delivery   i really think it will come in today 
it's here!!!  love 
i officially have 100 fb friends now 
today is 4 20?  this should be even more phone than the drunk support calls!
"facebook friend appreciation day! if you appreciate your game friends for all their help & moral support they give you , then let them know by posting this on your wall  i truly do appreciate my friends  without them, this wouldn't be nearly as much fun  i have awesome friends! thank you!!! ?"
just got back from sushi   mmm   
is feeling sick again today   darn it!
"dear windows users, stating the fact that macs don't get as many viruses because the people who create malware are trying to affect the biggest group of computers possible as an argument for the superiority of your operating system is a self-defeating argument   trust me, being the higher priority target of malicious software is not something to brag about   please refrain from citing this fact in the future "
just had a blast from the past   who knew there were so many people with video cameras at fanime 2007?
is making a wish list and thinking about working a few hours on her weekday off assuming she gets a 4x10 to pay for said list 
"is having <propmale> engvall moments at work again   \should i enter my password?\""  \""nope!  just stare at the login screen until you intimidate it into fixing itself   here's your sign \"""""
is having dental work done this afternoon   hopefully won't still be numb when work begins at 5 smile 0 
just found out her skinid is 14 32 38 according to tryskinid com   now i'm bored agian 
is getting ready to see iron man 2   chest light?  check!  martini?  check!  maserati?      still working on that   (gotta love the closing crew)
just saw iron man 2   loved it   definitely on par with the first one   clear nod to disney early in the movie   references to two other avengers   stay after the credits!
is on an ac dc kick 
is feeling a little wobbly 
"has phantom of the opera songs stuck in her head, and a copy of music theory for dummies in her lap for the time between calls "
"found her old music theory text book from\almost five years ago and will attempt to use it in conjunction with\the \for dummies\"" book """
's back cracks every time she sits upright   this sucks   maybe i should use that massage envy gift card soon 
has switched gears from ac dc to <propfemale>   i should have known there would be side effects to that highlander marathon 
had terribly broken sleep last night and woke up with my back still sore   maybe i need a new bed too?
took an early out to get more housework done and som practice time it   i can't wait for my new dance dvd to arrive!
is trying to decide what color to paint her nails   the base coat is drying now 
starts working 9-6 on tuesday 
"is stiff, sore, and sunburnt    but would not change a thing about the weekend "
    anyone want to see my futterwhacken?
"boo!  they closed the contest before i could get my entry in   so unfair   it's not even midnight on the east coast yet!  sad       so, no futterwhacken "
feels like a responsable adult today 
\dancing\,5650e3418b613b85eb7f9c340292d070,will have to have the entire logic board replaced on her computer   so glad that she has the etendeed service agreement 
is giddy   yay iphone 4!!
"    iphone 4, 4x10 schedule next july     come on, one more!  good things come in threes and 4 is my lucky number!"
wants to run a game of scion 
"the third good thing has arrived!  after fixing the shift bid information, i ranked 4 out of 36!  yippie!"
"click the \like\"" button and i will tell you something i like about you! be brave and repost on your <propfemale>!"""
has had a week worthy of futterwhacken!  watch for video coming soon 
"i am going to be without my computer for a little while this weekend   at least when i get her back, she'll be as good as new again!"
is getting frustrated   let me pre-order already!
"may not get her iphone 4 on luanch day after all   the website is taking no more pre-orders, best buy ran out for launch day already     the last <propmale> is radio shack   we'll see what happens "
dance class is back!  woohoo!  regular sessions begin again after july 17    laugh 
"found it, thought i'd give it a shot annoyed \if you're reading this, disregarding whether or not we regularly talk to each other, comment with the first memory of me that pops into your head  then post this as your status  you'll be surprised what \people remember about you  (just for fun  smile "
"nearly woke in a panic twice this morning, afraid that it was monday "
is seriously considering being at an apple store on thursday morning and just taking a nap before work 
has a 4x10 schedule with three-day weekends   yay!
"as i was falling asleep last night i was playing with notes in my mind   i realized i like the tune that i had formed, and recorded it for later use   now it is stuck in my head "
can't sleep   maybe i just had too much caffeine too close to bedtime 
is back from mary-an's party   it was a lot of fun and i can't wait to see how the pictures turned out 
"is working on pushing through the day in order to reset her sleep cycle for the new work schedule   less than 12 of the approximately 31 hours remain, but a short nap will likely be required   hopefully that will not throw things off too much "
i'm on my first break of the day with my new 4x10 schedule   for the past god-knows-how-many months i would normally still be asleep at this hour   this feels weird 
survived the first 10-hour workday 
"had forgot today was friday until a customer said, \have a good weekend!\"""""
"is annoyed at the results for agt's last episode   i really wasn't impressed by any of the singing acts that time through, but one of them took a top 3 spot which meant one of my personal top 4 had to go home "
"question for antendees of this year's kublacon:  i heard a rumour about a reprint of the old wod being release by white wolf, and this was supposedly an announcement at the con   can anyone verify this?"
is bored 
just downloaded comic life magiq from plasq com   this should be fun 
"seeing my dad work on my car the other day paralleled, in my mind, to the image of a dad putting a bike together under the christmas tree while the kids are asleep "
they took molds and x-rays of my teeth today   we'll see how much insurance is willing to cover 
has less than 90 minutes until the weekend starts   just gotta <propfemale> on   
i decided to break my weight loss goal of 60 lbs by next summer into 6 lb increments   completed as of today: 1 10
"i knew braces would be e playful ensive, but damn!  surprise "
"arg!  american idol head-of-the-line auditions at <propmale> fair mall today between 10am and 2 pm, and i can't go    sad   contemplating the sf tryouts "
is tired of farmville and has blocked the application 
is feeling giddy   for no apparent reason 
"just three more hours, then i'm off work "
i think it's funny how excited everybody is getting about a three-day weekend   it's not so exciting when you get one every week 
"the more money i save, the longer my wish list gets   i really ought to stop flipping through the pyramid collection "
the brackets and first set of arch wires were installed today   next week: bands 
i've had them for almost a full day now   braces hurt   seriously?  20 months?  i sure hope it gets easier with time 
"a\ true friend doesn't care when you're broke, what you weigh, if your \house is a mess, about your past, or if your family is filled with \crazies  they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long \periods of time without speaking to you and never question the \friendship  repost if   you have at least one true friend  they will \know who they are  ?"
finally has an iphone 
is addicted to her new iphone 
weight loss update:  right on schedule! 2 10 completed as of today (12lbs of 60 by next summer) 
"why is it that the part of my shift that comes before my lunch is an hour shorter, but the part after lunch goes faster?"
"\socializing on the internet is as reality tv is to reality \""\",5650e3418b613b85eb7f9c340292d070,"be good  if you can't be good, be careful  if you can't be careful, don't get caught "
anyone here thinking about nanowrimo?
"i will miss the three-day weekends, but not the 7am shift "
"i like having a later, more normal-feeling schedule again, but i do miss having the extra day off "
i have glow-in-the-dark nail polish that goes on clear and actually works  awesome!   smile 
"yesterday a customer and i started talking about rhps, and now i've got sweet transvestite stuck in my head "
what kind of vampire are you? - wod version  - my result: gangrel http annoyed  apps facebook com what-kind-o-bbjgigj take?tv2=mkrragqbeuuyxcihltpjhyugk1s8cxg4y6rq3e4mhla%3d&link=status_message&resaban=1
"i've had this thing for 9 weeks now, and i still haven't reached 2gb of data "
i've gotten to the point where i actually spend more time on twitter than i do on facebook  i'm really not sure how this happened 
working ten days in a row with christmas right in the middle  *sigh*  oh well  at least most if it i'll be making ot pay for 
got the promotion  yay!
i miss lazy saturdays 
got my first zumba class tonight  excited!
"zumba was awesome last week, so i'm going back tomorrow and maybe even thursday  anyone else?"
"to all of my co-workers who share february 16, 2009 as their hiring date:  happy appleversary!"
