a9cbadc9a7ae0ef0b62cd59492ce1b0a
congratulations to my best friend who just found out she is having a baby!!!!!!! you know who you are       wahoo!!!
gettin ready for angies wedding
makin some cupcakes with the little man
talkin to my best friend right now
loving my little boy
gettin ready to go!!!!
typhoon prep   sad 
done preping for typhoon  now just waiting  i hear there is three  i am going to have to look into this  blaaah
"no more typhoon watch, hust a tropical storm watch  it is just raining a lot  i think i am going to go for a swim on my patio   smile "
"tropical storm canceled!!! yay i got to open my shutters, i see the light!  now we are watching for the secone one that might hit saturday "
melor is now a typhoon! aahhh  when is this going to end? hopefully it will go right past us and i can finally open my shutters and not feel like i am living in a cave 
getting ready to clean clean clean 
burnt dinner  took <propfirst> outside and watched the thunderbirds fly  sorry babe!
"waiting for the man to get home so i can see him a little bit today  i am tired and have heartburn, but it is worth it  i think i am going to have some hot tea and wach a chick flick "
tsunami watch for guam  it will end at 3pm today  crazy!
sleep     i need sleep      i can't sleep when donniw isn't home sad   so here i am     on facebook of all things
"having a great night  did some hair, had a nice dinner date smile ( thank you <propfemale>) now i am gettin ready to clean and go to bed "
watching <propmale> the builder and eatin mcdonalds with little man
heading off to work *yawn* it is tooo early!
"yay i am home now! have more work to do! yikes, i dont think i will ever be done  good to be home though"
i cant believe there is tetris on here now  i love tetris  <propmale> and <propfemale> you are going down   smile 
makin enchaladas for my loving husband who just got home  such a hard worker   
"just got my toes done and had an awsome lunch, thank you <propfemale>, i needed that smile "
"on lunch, came home to spend time with the man, got a hug!!! but now watching mag  i hate playstation  off to work now!"
work work work! i feel like that is all i ever do and the commissary is my new home sad  be nice when next week is over 
home now yay! sad i missed my little man trick or treating sad  but <propfirst> took some cute pictures and made me feel better
makin dinner and watching toy story with little man
"just got done mowing the grass, whew, and now i am going to go pick up my little man "
"watching austrailia, drinking hot coco with a little bit of kaluah  mmmmmm "
good game tonight!
"went to the softball game, got rained out  came home and broke my tooth on a candycane, i hate rain and i hate candycanes "
"yuck i have a darn cold  taking some medicine and going to bed, hi <propfemale> i know you are on wink "
"i am so happy for you <propfemale>, i am so sorry i didnt make it to your graduation tonight  we are still on for tomorrow though "
"thank you baby for such a good night, and thanks  uncle <propmale> and aunt <propfemale>"
"* yawn i am up and ready to go to work, i cant wait until thanksgiving, love the holidays!"
"happy thanksgiving!!!!! had the best day! now my tummy is nice and full, i am going to go to bed!"
got our christmas tree up and house is decorated! i smell christmas!!!!!
"just got done decorating our tree, looks beautiful!"
<propfemale> christmas to me!!!!! my husband bought me a new dining room set  wahoo! thanks babe
"<propfirst> got bit by a bug yesterday and now his little eye is so swollen he cant open it sad  then he fell off the couch and got a big goose egg on the back of his head sad  poor little guy we are going to the doctor today for his eye, on a good note he is home with me all day!"
"ugg stll awake  have all the lights on smile  i hate these excersizes, i never sleep when <propfirst> is on nights "
getting ready to watch some tv and snuggle with my husband  it is good to have him back at night  smile 
<propfemale>   are you online???
<propfemale>
just got back at looking at christmas lights with the little boy  i love the holidays!
way excited to go to nictams with my man and the barnwells  love it!
got little man a fish tank for christmas today  maybe i can have my happy aquarium back!
going to bed 
"awe, tlyer is napping, i get a litle bit of me time, then i am going to clean "
going to bed  have to get up at 4  ugg tomorrow will be a long day smile 
it is too early!!!! i have to worl at 5am today and little man just woke me up by crawling into bed with us  guess i am going to work early sad 
"unfortunately, 97% of facebook users won't repost this  when jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you  if you are one of the 3% who will stand up for him, just repost this i'm one of the 3%"
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!
<propfemale> christmas!!! had a great day today!
happy new year!!!
missing my family sad  love you guys
pink
hi <propfemale>  we should be sleeping
getting ready to cook some dinner
got my vaccinations today  yuck  just had lunch with my loving husband  yum! i think i am having quite a well balanced day  now i am going to drop off a book to a great little momma and then maybe watch a movie 
hi momma love you
"just got off work  put little man to bed, now going to take a bath and read my book it's been a long day  blah"
just got done with a  bubble bath and a chocolate face mask   life cant get any better!      
"the weather stinks  wish i was hiking, stuck home with little man  it is okay though we can have a mommy and <propfirst> day  maybe we will make some cupcakes!"
"had a nice dinner at wendys  went to chilli's and waited 20 <propfemale>, never got our order taken so we left   sad  nice to spend time with the family though "
"good day to stay inside and read my book  i cant wait to go see the movie!!!!! it will be so good  also way excited for thursday, i get my <propfemale> back smile "
good morning fellow facebooking friends! having a cup of coffee and gettin ready for work
off work yay!!!! talking to <propfemale> on the phone  miss you ang!
"just got back from hanging with <propfemale>, not <propfirst> is in bed and i am getting ready to clean "
"just got off work  now going to do more work  inventory stinks   looking forward to having tomorrow off though, i am going to spend it with the fam"
<propfirst> took <propfirst> to the pet store yesterday and now we have 8 fish and a baby turtle (who's name is baby)!
"going to go look at the balls at micronesian mall with <propfirst>  that is the only reason he likes to go, funny  then we are going to get some icecream  i love spending time off with little man "
"just dropped little man off at daycare, going to densist appt, then off to <propmale> to buy work clothes  maybe squeeze in a coffee   yum"
loved zumba tonight  i am now addicted!!!!
huray! for a day of!!!! it has been a long week  i am going to <propfemale> out with my girls 
making wings for <propfirst>  just tried to light my kitchen on fire with grease 
home now  i got my id taken away at the nex sad  sad day  no shopping for me  sucks that it is just before valentines day  i guess i will just have to be creative    he he he he
having a good day with my boys  i love my little family  miss <propfemale> though
so happy for <propfemale> and <propfirst>!!!! baby boy is here!
thinking of you baby  hope you have a good day today
"off today!!!! i am so excited  goin got a birthday party with <propfirst>, the man is going fishing, tonight   nothin but relaxation"
"jusy letting family and friends know that we are ok, and are going to be okay  i will keep you posted on the tsunami  it is supposed to hit here around 1pm and it is only supposed to be 10-14 ft waves   i will keep you posted today smile "
congrats  to my <propfemale>  he re-enlisted today smile 
just got home from zumba  it was great!
having a cup of coffee and getting ready to watch disney <propfemale> enchanted tales  then off to the dentist sad  yuck  so far good day
hmmmm 
thank you for dinner banwells  it was delish  now i am going to wach tv with the husband
at home with my favorite little man today  waching dinasour movies and making cookies  best day of the week smile 
zumba tonight anyone want to go?? it is at 7pm
"friends don't care if your house is untidy, if your car makes funny noises, if you don't have money this week, or that your family is not perfect    they love you for who you are  a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship  repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend!"
had a blasty blast today
just talked to my dad  he sounds like he is doing okay  i wish i was there  i don't think i would leave his side  pray for him 
happy birthday uncle <propmale>!!!!!
<propfemale> got a persian for my birthday     cat allergies have been confirmed  going to see the doc this week to get some allergy medicine  love her anyway
beautiful day!!!! at home with the boys  i love having every other sunday off  it is much needed r&r family time with all of us together 
getting ready to watch army wives  yesssssssss  i am so excited 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes smile 
soooo exctied for my family to get here!!!! vacation here i come!!
home from work  tomorrow a long day of counting inventory  yuck  <propfirst> is on nights yuck  my house is dirty yuck yuck yuck  my family comes to see me in less than a week yay!!!!
"<propfirst> is in bed  now reading my book, doing laundry and drinking a margerita in hopes for better sleep tonight  blah!"
having a bad day sad 
my family comes in 2 days!!!!! i am sooo excited!!! lots of things to do still 
happy mothers day!!!!!!! thank you baby for last night!!! you are amazing and i am so lucky for you 
"just got off work, it has been a long week  on a good note, my dad is doing really well, he had his surgery and they will find out in a few weeks if they got all of the tumors out  i wish i was home with him right now"
off today  i am going to clean clean clean  then get my little man from daycare and watch some tractors down the street  good day!
back from zumba  great class tonight
came home from a long day to flowers on the kitchen table from my boys  i couldn't have asked for a better family and i swear <propfirst> is in my head  he knows when i need a little extra lovin'  thank you baby
oh my goodness! done with inventory  now off to bed for work in the morning 
so <propfirst> has decided to have a nascar birthday  he picked his cake yesterday  i am sure uncle <propmale> will be happy smile  hopefully everyone can come  we will be sending out invitations soon!!
good day today  slow but productive at work  now eating grilled cheese and waching tv with <propfemale>
"home from work today, doing paper work this mornin and then have to wait for the cable guy, then zumba later   easy day today"
"just talked to my dad, he sounds okay, a little drugged up though  the doctor said they are 90% sure they got all of the cancer  hopefully they are 100% right! i wish i was home right now   sad "
"up with little man and getting ready for work, it is goign to be a busy weekend!!! work work camping and work!"
long day today at work    off to bed for me! hopefully tomorrow is better   
good morning!!!! happy memorial day for all of guam!
so <propfirst> is still awake in bed missing his dad  i think it is going to be a long night  cant wait for this excersize to be over   so i guess i will drink some hot chocolate and watch a chick flick for a while  might as well enjoy full reign of the tv while i can smile 
watching great mouse detective and eating grilled cheese and tomato soup with the little man  life is pretty good right now  miss the husband though 
still awake  yuck  good thing i am off tomorrow  going to finish up stuff for <propfirst>'s birthday tomorrow    and clean clean clean 
thank you to everyone who cam to <propfirst>'s birthday party  you really helped make his day special 
<propfirst> is eating left over birthday cake for breakfast today  he better enjoy i think this is the only day out of the year he gets to! 8am is too early for a 4yr old sugar rush lol happy birthday to my little man  i love you
waiting for munchkin to wake up so we can go to taylors birthday party
"up and drinking coffee  keeping <propfirst> home with me today  this week is going to be a long work week, so i will take all the time i can get with my little man   smile "
"just downloaded an aquarium screensaver for my cat to watch  how retarded it that  lol\whatever  i am about to go to bed  long day tomorrow "
thank you <propfemale> and <propfemale> fro the yummy cookies  well what ever crumbs i got sad  <propfirst> ate them all by the time i walked accrost the street 
got up this morning to an irritating phone call with work  blah  now i am cleaning the house and about to make the husband some breakfast before i head out  happy fathers day to all of the guam folks 
wahoooo i love this rain 
where oh where is my husband?? no lunch??  sad  oh well  i am glad i procrastinated on making him a tasty meal 
it is 3am and i am awake getting ready for work  uuuugg  waiting for coffee to finish brewing  though i would get on so i woldn't fall asleep while waiting! good morning everyone!!!!!
i llooovvveee hearing thunder  i havent herd it in so long
hi momma i see you are online  i love you
having a relaxing sunday  <propfirst> is sleeping now going to pick up the house and maybe watch some t v 
taking <propfirst> to get his shots  sad  then coming home and having a lazy day with my little man
almost time for my show!!!
woke up this morning with 15 e-mails from work!!! ahhh! okay it isnt so bad  just a little bit of work then waching a movie  going in at 2pm to do some interviews 
"just had a great dinner with an even greater family  tomorrow will be a good day as well!!!\off to bed  work comes early in the morning"
aaaaaaaaaaaah!!!! what a day 
"had a long day today, but ended well with yummy lasagna and good company  thank you \cassie's daddy\""  smile """
had a great girls day marathon!!! probably the longest girls day i have ever had but thuroughly enjoyed it  thanks ladies  i love you!! smile 
just getting off work  i love coming home to my little boy's big hugs and kisses from my husband  it really gives me something to look forward to while i am working  i love you guys so much
watching dear <propfirst> with tab  having a great day with my new best friend
"well, this week has been a long one and it is only tuesday! sad  took <propfirst> to the hospital for stomach cramps, poor baby, glad he is feeling better today  tomorrow another day of work  will be <propfemale> glad when this excersize is over "
"had a pretty good day today! now doing paperwork  almost done, then bed "
good day today
home from work now watching our show with the husband 
"next week <propfirst> is leaving to go get brookie  i am sooo excited!!!!  it will be so nice to have a nother girl in the house!! oh yeah, i'll miss you babe "
"dropped <propfirst> off this morning at 4am to go get little girl  i am sooo excited!!! i will miss you <propfemale>, be safe and call me lots  give brookie big kisses from <propfirst> and i"
cant sleep  i miss my <propfemale>  sad  cant wait until he gets home with brookie!!!! <propfirst> is super excited to see his sissy too  love you babe
"got my little boy in bed, now time to clean clean clean!!! smile "
had a pretty good day today thanks to the barnwells!! love you guys  smile  <propfirst> is in bed and i think i am going to watch a chick flick  time for some much needed relaxing time before i start my week
"off work, now i am going to eat lunch, mow the yard and pick up the house a little bit before i get my little man "
oohhhhh the stress! blah
"got a yard ticket today, i think we are getting picked on  anyway tried to take down the trampolene to cut the grass underneath and found a big boonie <propfemale> nest on it  i have battle wounds now and the <propfemale>s are still there sad  i will attack tonight when they least e playful ect it    "
aawweee this week is almost over   going to relax with my little boy for a while and then tuck him in to bed 
at the terminal but am okay <propfirst> still at ddaycare i am worried bout him!
inventroy almost complete going to bed and will finish in the morning  good night guam and good morning stateside!!! smile 
"i'm awake, i'm awake!!!! litttle boy is hungry this morning i guess because i keep getting yelled at to get out of bed  oh, well, i though i could sleep for that extra 10 <propfemale>, then rush to get ready like i slept in for 30  lol thanks for lookin out <propfirst>"
"home from work  it has been a rough week  to top it off i picked up <propfirst> from daycare today and he got kicked in the face today  ugg  he is okay, a little owie on his eye  sad  it is a good thing they can't tell you who does these things   next week should be better!! tonight will be nice to take my mind off of things  smile "
"still awake, i think i will stay awake for a little while longer so i can call the husband "
good morning guam!!
ho hum    (why are my words underlined)   my extended family just left so i guess i will watch some tv? i am not sure what to do  maybe fold laundry?? naaaaa tv sounds great 
uuhhg time to fold laundry sad   going to go through brookies closet and organize  i want is perfect when she gets here!! smile  sooo excited!
"had a really great night  thank you <propmale> and <propfemale> for buying me a laptop computer desk for early christmas!!! lol now i dont have to sit on the floor while on my computer smile  looking forward to tomorrow  more cleaning and breakfast with barnwells, not to mention a full day with my little boy!!! (much needed)"
"our phone numberis now on facebook!! no joke    go to the top right of yourscreen,click account then edit friends  go to the left side of yourscreen and click phonebook  everyone's phone#'s are now being published  please repost to let your friends know this is happening so they can remove their phone #'s by changing their privacy settings (privacy settings - customize - phone - only me)"
"just watched army wives, now for bed"
bluh  doing paper work  there isn't enough time in the day  pullin overtime to get all of this stuff done before friday!!!! i am so excited for <propfirst> and brookie to come home   smile 
"so, i got up at 4 this morning (after going to bed around 1am) to pick <propfirst> up at the airport to find out that he comes in at 6pm!! not am!!! i am such a dork! anyway, tired and really dissapointed sad "
"if you have a sister who has made you laugh, wiped your tears, hugged you tight, watched you succeed, saw you fail, cheered you on and kept you strong, copy and paste this to your status  sisters are a forever friend! repost if you have amazing sisters!"
"i wear no uniform, no blues, no greens  but i am in the military, in the ranks rarely seen  i have no rank upon my shoulders  salutes i do not give, i'm not the one who fires the weapon, who puts my life on the line  my husband makes the sacrifice, but so do i  i stand among the silent ranks, known as the military wife      and i love my life"
they are here!!! wahoo
long day today   off to bed to snuggle with the hubby
"slumber party!!!!! can't sleep though  the barnwells fly out tomorrow, it should be an emotional day sad  brookie starts school though yay!! so excited "
"kind are still sleeping, my baby is making me coffee, it is a nice relaxing morning  thank you <propfemale> (he just gave me my coffee he he)"
today was <propfirst>'s first day of pre-k  i think i did pretty good for a mommy smile  <propfirst> had a blast
time to get the coffe on and pick out a good movie  i have a long night of inventory paperwork to do  smile 
"so, happy birthday to my husband      he is on his way to the hospital to get stiches in his knee   sad  cut himself on <propfemale> at the beach today and it won't stop bleeding  sad "
loving this storm!!
good morning guam! having coffee and watching some of my dvr 
zumba tonight at 7pm if anyone is interested
zumba was awsome now for shower and relaxing with the man
"so, i was baking cinnamon raisin bread with <propfirst> and he ate a big huge spoon full of cinnamon  yuck! it burnt his mouth sad  lesson learned, listen to mommy  (well, we will see)"
"*****? please visit our website ?***** \home \cpfdaafbcakegirls webs com \we have many different designs to offer from disney, nickelodeon and sesame street to power rangers, <propfemale> heroes and <propfemale> wars  we also pipe on drawings, pictures and logos  you give us a picture and we will put it on a cake "
"well, now <propfirst> is coughing sad  hopefully he is feeling okay for school tomorrow"
home with the little man today   sad  hope he feels better tomorrow
my husband is so awsome!!! he is the best person in the whole world   i wish someday i could be half as awsome as he is 
done with paperwork smile  off to bed  work tomorrow at 5am  blah!
"taking <propfemale> <propfemale> to the vet today  her snaggle tooth is giving her a sore lip sad  \hopefully we get some good news today    "
"well, my cat needs dental work "
i like  to rub my husbands feet with my tongue!  it's so awsome   i think i'll bring him breakfast in bed tomorrow and mow the grass for the rest of my life 
"done with paperwork, now going to relax and wach our show with the husband "
i love too rub my husbands sweaty soaks on my face after he gets done running   it's soooo hoooot!
i love my husbands dirty butt
cookin dinner for the family  making pot stickers and rice (thanks to <propfemale> who left them in my freezer and now i am <propfemale> addicted!) mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
back home from bowling with the kiddos  will be posting pictures  love spending time with the family 
yay for brookie!!! she got her training wheels taken off her bike today  good job sweetie
up and watching football with the husband  good morning guam!
"husband week: if you have a husband who is your best friend, who works hard, has been with you through thick and thin and whom you are proud to be married to, copy and paste this with date you were married05-08-2004"
"tlc today  hurt my back moving my office furniture around  this stinks    so now good meds and lots of sleep for me  thank you baby for taking care of everything and the kiddos  i should be good tomorrow, and i will make it up to you,  how ever you want   you are amazing"
"happy sunday guam!!! crapes and coffee, family and sunshine  can't complain!!!"
found out that we are going to fairchild!!!! wahoo  we leave here in about two weeks  i am going to miss everyone here   sad 
oooo so much to do! we are right on schedule though  looking to be in a motel room by next friday!
"good morning guam!! so, my son just told me that he was a ninja turtle that turns into a <propfemale> bakaguan  how the heck am i going to pull that off for halloween??!! good thing he has a good imagination"
"motel is booked, truck is shipped, almost out of here! i am getting excited more than overwhelmed now  car still for sale if anyone is interested!!!!"
aaaa movers are coming today! i am <propfemale> not ready for them yet 
got most of the house packed up! i cant believe how close we are to coming home!! hope fully in a few days we will be relaxing on the beach!
"waiting waiting waiting for the movers  come on guys, dont you know i have had lots of coffee and right now i am waisting caffeine fueled energy!!"
"i am <propfemale>oo tired   after my amazing husband went to bed i spent the whole night smelling his dirty underwear!  it was awsome but i'm paying for it today   i did get the <propmale> to watch his epic video game prowess today it was unbilievable that's why i hate letting him play, because i'm <propfemale> jealous "
"soooo, we are in the motel now  can't wait to get home and see me dad and the rest of the family!"
so instead a a traditional diet i think i'm going to try the enema weight loss plan  i hear it's the shit 
my babies are up  beautiful day today  we are going to go play on the beach  i will be posting pictures later tonight   they are sooo cute swimming
"in california at the airport  missing my guam friends, but happy to be back smile  love you <propfemale> luva,"
goin to look at houses tomorrow  hope we find the right one!!!!
good morning       washington! burrrrr!!
"went to church today with ang, it was so nice! thanks <propfemale>, you now have a church partner!!!!! going to meet with the realitor tomorrow, this week is starting out great "
   
my little sister <propfemale> is so awesome and amazing! i wish i could be just like her!!  love  =o)
found a house in cheney! going to make an offer tomorrow  hopefully we will be moved in by christmas!!!!!
good morning washington  it is a beeeeaaautiful day today!
watching <propfemale> and beezus with my favorite girl  drinking hot cocoa and eating cookies  a girls time necessity 
snow snow snow!!!!!! they kiddos are having a blast! going to make hot coco to warm them up  smile 
i have phone envy!
happy thanksgiving guam!
happy thanksgiving!!
hanging out with miss <propfemale>  love it!!!
setting the kiddos up with a movie  then time to do laundry and try to relax     i miss my husband  love you babe 
just got done eating at tomato street with my husband and our lunch was paid for by another table thanking him for his service  thank you for supporting my husband and all other service members! they deserve nothing less 
<propfemale> christmas guam!!!
closiong on our new house tomorrow  !!!!! wahoo! thank you to my sister and family who has out up with us for almost 2 months and making us feel at home  love you 
"house is starting to look like a home  today, i am going ot work on the kids bedrooms  top priority, then the rest of the house  i want to make sure my babies are all settled in and comfy!"
