0e755a2d93e3646ff65cc207cd7d891d
"why is it that days off are so damn depressing?  man, i just need to go back overseas "
"oh, also, is anyone else paying a great deal of attention to the goings-on in iran and north korea?  i'm starting to get the feeling that i should pack a mobility bag "
almost time to call it a night   have a story to write and photos to review from the milwaukee mile nascar race last night 
is still working on his story   now i just need a little inspiration 
is still trying to write the same damn story   one of these days i'll actually make some forward progress 
"i hate blackberry   no one said a damn thing about everything in my phone being erased when i updated the stupid thing   if you're reading this, and i had your phone number, well, i no longer have your phone number   awesome, isn't it?"
"okay, disregard what i said before   turns out i had to be as smart as the phone   all is well once again   next time i'll try not to lapse into a mindless moment "
"just watched district 9   it's an amazing movie   there isn't as much action as i e playful ected, but it did a good job of making the aliens as real as possible   hopefully there'll be a sequel "
i can't wait for the first week of november   dragon age: origins ftw!!!
i'm wondering when the parking lot is going to get plowed; i won't be happy if i get a ticket for parking on the street 
i can't believe how much modern warfare 2 i've been playing   who would have thought war is a good diversion on a cold winter day?
"i am a bit anxious for the coming week to be over   i have two exams, two ten-page essays due and a va med appointment follow-up that will likely determine the path of my military career   now that i think of it, it's time for a drink "
"well, the week of dread is over   the essays are turned in--i received a 95 on one and the other was widely accepted when i read it in class--and the tests are over   now it's a calm week   i think i'll finally have that drink now "
there are few better things in the world than coming home after a good night and enjoying a favorite video game   online gaming ftw!
i saw the new twilight movie today   there was entirely too much affection and not enough violence   since when do werewolves and vampires not destroy everything in sight?
"for those with an interest in video games, i've played the 360 medal of honor beta and i'm not entirely sold on it   go for halo: reach first, and only look to moh if you really need another fps "
"the semester's half finished, rock band 3 is two weeks away, and winter is almost here   what more could i ask for?"
"tsa's new pat-down scanning techniques bring about a question: are these measures done in foreign countries before travelers reach <propfemale>?  if not, does the tsa think <propfemale>ns are the true threat?  tsa administrator <propfirst> pistole said, \       there has never been an attempted in-flight attack from an intra-u s  flight \"" (cnn)  just something to consider """
"cnn is reporting there's an armed student holding hostages at marinette high school   for anyone from that area, or still in that area, this is something to follow "
situation's over   time to turn my attention back to the world's attempts to be chaotic 
