8ebe0c43fac116bf37802ea15773d827
i love all my best friends!!
"i gotta sickness, quade! gotta take my daily medicine        alcoholic"
school  annoyed \
school again  annoyed 
why am i not partying :[
"<propfemale> <propfemale> and zac are tripping and they ask me what to do so i told them to go into the <propmale>     pahahaha, bad idea!"
http annoyed  www formspring me quadee
fuckin' niggas in the face!
hahah my doppelganger's going to be macaulay culkin!
i'm bored
"i'm setting sail to the 4th dimension plains, just so i'll never have to see you again  say hey to the monster created by my brain, i try an' hold them back but my thoughts i can't contain!"
"good times keep rolling, go to escape now  good times rolling, dance to? escape now "
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the entry for your name under comments "
this warms my heart  love 
getting ready listening to crazy ass dubstep  smile 
"fuck, i really wanted it to be a snow day!  annoyed  i hope the school doors are iced over and all the teachers are slipping up the steps!  ha"
listening to the <propfemale> underground!  love 
fuck valentines!!!
"i'm only all that i see, sometimes"
i just took a what type of bitch are you quiz and i'm a trashy one haha   figures  annoyed 
"did i have homework, anyone know? lol"
__??????? ??l??? ??l?*?? ?????? ???|?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ?|??? ? ?????? ??l???? __
"i'm passing out free promise rings  abstinence is the best, make a promise to yourself!"
all of your feelings and emotions are just certain sequences of chemicals!  annoyed  and you thought it was something more than that
mumummmumorning
"i dont mean to seem like i care about material things, like my social stats  i just want four walls, an adobe flat for my girlss"
i just did sooo many friends e playful osed questions that everyones going to be pissed at me!  smile 
hey i've got a pistol that's aimed at your heart and on dark nights when the <propfemale> is right i could show you the head attached with a scarf
