24a794b7070c55ef0fb874293c95dbf2
"sooooo bored no ones up at this time       nothing to do, no place to go, no one to see   "
bored     
i m going to give blood today!!!
imm soooooo bored         it sucks
happy halloween!!!!!!!!
basketball game!!!!!
<propfemale> likes basketball
we won the game!!!!!!!
some people need a sense of humor!
i hate it when people cant wont answer as yes no question with yes or no!
"if quitters never win, and winners never quit, than who is the fool who said, \quit while you're ahead\""?"""
i love you  it's not an e playful ectation of perfection  i love you  it's not my life's whole purpose (or your's)  i love you  it's not to make you change  i love you  it's not even to make you love me  i love you  it's as pure and simple as that 
i love you  it's not a weight you must <propfemale> around  i love you  it's not a box that holds you in  i love you  it's not a standard you have to bear  i love you  it's not a sacrifice i make  i love you  it's not a pedestal you are frozen upon 
i jumped on a smurf in my car because big bird said to and he's my leader
im <propfemale> bored!!!!
 laugh  today is an awesome day!!!
wanting something i cant have    
blah blah blah   
"my life this past week has been full of bad horror movie scenes! ghosts, creeepy forests, desterted hallways, random road trips, abandoned roads, creepy sounds in the bathroom, creaky fire escapes    it goes on    hmm i wonder if this is a sign?"
is falling wayyy to hard!
"life is not the way it's supposed to be   it's the way it is    the way we cope with it, is what makes the difference"
fml! so bored!!!
"busy night, now its time for a nice long hot bath!  smile "
friends before anything else   
"do i contradict myself? very well then i contradict myself,  (i am large, i contain multitudes )   - walt whitman"
by the time i take my test i will have been up 4 24 hours   hmmm?
why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
wow   some secrets cant seem to stay secret   
"this is to you, from my heart    "
"your in pain  i know your in pain i can see it and you've said it   but how can i help ease that pain if you can't won't tell me how  i am here for you to talk to now and later  im patient if your not ready now but im worried that if you wait to long to tell someone, anyone else you'll hurt yourself   "
"even if your not ready to talk or spill just know that i am here   waiting, watching and caring for you    no matter what  im your friend this is what i do  for you   my friend  i love and care for you  i dont show it i know but if i consider you a friend, which i do, i'll do whatever i can to help you"
why does it hurt?
nobody tells me shit!  sad 
shouldn't be here    lol
layin in the sun b4 class!
my phone wont work!!!  sad 
if ur tryin to talk txt me plz dont cuz my screen on my phone wont work    so sry if u r n im not replyin  i do want to talk to u i just cant lol  smile 
u cant stop me form falling a part because my self destruction is all your fault  
my bed has become a black hole! n it wont let go of anything! oh! i just found my watch that i lost last semester haha!
packing     laugh  dont think my area has been this neat since the beginning of the year   lol
i've never felt this way before   
so tired
iron man 2 pretty good
cram time! lol  laugh 
"everyones leaving, exciting    safe trips home to everyone!"
one more final!
bored   
i wanna go to sleep!!!
