2f75e42d0b5cbce77b2d642538d5a2d9
happy new year to all and i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy 2010
would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy 2010!!
spent a wonderful day with the kids and saw some great fireworks!
can't believe the weekend is almost over 
is sad   petunia our pet iguana has escaped and we are missing her very much  sad 
is looking forward to tonight   going to see urbansnake and barrag tonight at <propmale>'s!
is not feeling well and does not want to be at work today  sad 
is in a lot of pain and waiting for a response from the dentist  sad 
just found out that i need all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled out  sad 
is tired
had a very productive day at work and can't wait to go home now!
can't wait to go home  this day is really dragging 
can't wait to see urbansnake and famous shamus tonight!
is so cold at work right now   i wish i didn't forget my sweater today 
what is with all the slow drivers on the road this morning?!?!?!?!
is getting 2 of my wisdom teeth pulled out tomorrow morning and needs words of encouragement or any good advice anyone can give me 
and <propmale> are married 12 years today!
has been drinking nothing but ensure for the past 2 days now and wants some real food 
is looking forward to the next 2 days home with the kids
is just getting back from playland   had a wonderful 2 days off with the kids and do not want to go back to work tomorrow 
needs a night out
has had a very stressful weekend so far
is trying to forget this weekend
is wishing for those who started school today for a happy first day back  smile 
the kids first day of school and <propfirst>'s first day of <propmale> high! where did the time go?
rip <propfirst> swayze  sad 
is glad the day is over   time to finally relax 
is really into the dead weather right now
is tired   did not get enough sleep 
is feeling crappy   my head is so congested  sad 
has a new niece!!!!  smile   can't wait to see her!
is relaxing and getting ready to practice some guitar ?
just finished frying up some apple fritters 
"my daughter, <propfirst>, wants to see the movie new <propfemale>   has anyone seen this movie or heard anything about it?  i want to know if this movie would be appropriate for her "
is hungry but i do not want to go out into the bitter cold  sad 
wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year!!!!
"ah, the kids are finally in bed   time to cuddle up with the hubby for some popcorn and t v "
"put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? all i wish for in 2010 is a cure! ? dear god, i pray for the cure of cancer  amen  ? 93% won't copy and paste this, will you 4 just one hour?"
"wayback week! retro retro retro retro! everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young! copy and paste this, and let's see how adorable (lol) we all were! wayback week!"
i loved my mobile phone in a hole because i'm sexy and i do what i want
todays game     middle name only  everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know what your fb friends' middle names are  copy and paste this onto your profile then put your middle name at the end of this sentence        elizabeth
"? ? ? if you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you, then post this    because great men are few and far between, and i appreciate, <propfemale> and love mine ? ? ?xoxolove you <propmale>"
"go to urbandictionary com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under comments "
thank you everyone for your birthday wishes and happy birthday to my daughter <propfirst> who turned 12 today   only one year away from officially being a teen   where did the time go?!?!?!?!?
wwwwhhhhyyyy?!?!?!?  not all of my friends posts are showing up on my newsfeed   there is barely anything posted on my newsfeed   is anyone else having this problem?
"i have been told that it is <propfirst>'s week on fb, and we need a photo with the other half, and state how long you are together  i have been married to my sweet baboo for 12 1 2 years  smile "
yeah! <propfirst>'s basketball team won the first round of playoffs!
usa usa usa usa usa usa!!!!!
ugh!  just got home from work   this has been the worst work day ever!
"i have the greatest daughter ever   <propfirst> volunteered to bake chocolate and vanilla cupcakes, so that <propfirst> can bring them to school tomorrow for his birthday;  and mommy can relax   smile "
happy birthday to my son <propfirst>!
"aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at cmabrigde uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae  tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe  if you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal  olny 55% of plepoe can"
working from home today  still no power at work in white plains 
happy easter!!
happy mother's day to all the mother's out there   i hope you have a wonderful day!
i like it on the desk 
left the bronx for the poconos at 3 and blew the radiator hose at 3:15 back on the road at 5:15  still on the road at 6:20  good thing we left early  hopefully we will be there by 8
happy father's day to all the dads out there!!  hope you have a wonderful day!!
is hoping that <propfemale> gets better before her birthday tomorrow   she's been sick since the weekend  sad 
happy 5th birthday to our girl <propfemale>!!!
just wanted to thank everyone for their thoughts and prayers   i am home and doing all right 
"i'm so tired, i haven't slept a wink\i'm so tired, my mind is on the blink"
"what's on your mind?change your profile photo from nov 14-18th to your favorite cartoon figure from your childhood  the aim is: no human faces on facebook, only memories from our childhood  it's good to be a child!"
"my niece to my brother this morning \dad it's snowing! can we go swimming?\"""""
<propfemale> christmas everyone!!!!!!!!
beer
