c515e4de842e3bf45d7bc051d2d2aeca
san <propfirst>!!!!!  ay yay yay
send me back!
14 hour drive to philadelphia  so excited 
like stars burning right thru the dark you gave fire like saltwater into my eyes   i drive you back a sleepyhead 
"world, hold on  smile "
got a prius!!!!
"bleier, lezcano, silvestrov, forte, fair, <propmale>"
<propmale> game!!! yus!!!!!!!
shhhh  calla  hahahaha  oi ve
i love rain!!!!!!!
5 days till california!!!!!!!!!
omg no school tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yus!!!
california tomorrow? uhm yusssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
both of my brothers are married!!!! which means i have a new sister  smile 
18 days til florida!
miami till sunday!!!!!!
so sick of being tired and oh so tired of being sick   sad 
7 days until spain!!!!!!!!!!!!
spain till the 4th!  smile 
home!
black
my driveway is like an ice death trap  its impossible to leave my house   sad 
geezlike  where did the weekend go?!
mmmmmuuuuuuuusssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh 
muse = amazing!!!
im sipping on some sunshine im gonna leave it for the morning in the afterlife  smile 
half day   ? eh sure why not
sushi is my friend  smile 
then looking upwards i strain my eyes and try to tell the difference between shooting stars and satellites  do they collide?
squeaky swings and tall grass  the longest shadows ever cast    i dont recall i single care  just greenery and humid air 
"you can feel it in the summer breeze, there's something in the trees, some kind of long lost feeling"
4ish days till the world cup    8 days till im outta here  already started packing
"\how mad would you be if i logged into your account and put 'i wish i could poop right now' as your status   ?\"" -<propfemale> wright"""
can never be still it seems im always on the go  one day at a time i vision everything in slow mo 
   and here we go  bolivia here i come!!!!! be back soon   ? no not really  laugh  be back in a couple months
finally here!!!! atlanta-miami-la paz-santa cruz-cochabamba-tarija     no sleep 
spain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  laugh dddddd so happy i could cry
i hope you have a wonderful first day of work <propfemale> wright!!!!!!! good luck  laugh  i love you and miss you  smile 
i am waiting for something to go wrong  i am waiting for familial resolve  i am waiting for another repeat another diet fed by crippling defeat and i am waiting for that sense of relief  love  dcfc
i cursed myself for being surprised that this didnt play like it did in my mind
"happy birthday to the cutest little happy in the whole wide world <propfemale> wright!!!!  laugh  i love you    p s  yes, <propfemale> rohs i copied u "
really just came to dance
"i'm good, i'm gone"
eh  they all make good stories in the end   
