39d9b0294c7d1681320b696a05a4a006
"<propfemale>, how are your footsies doing?  are they responding to the uv treatments?"
going to bed now   nighty-night all!
"how long does renfest last, chrissie?"
"hi, everyone!"
"if you and i woke up in jail together, what four words would you say?"
how do i make my crops grow and not wither before i can harvest them?
"ok mother nature, there is only so much clothing we can take off without getting arrested! too hot!"
what medieval class are you? -- my result: peasant  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 811289 referrals status?aid=1440525253
"oyez! oyez!  oyez!  i, emerika eichenwald, do hearby avow that the good gentles of the shire of calanais nuadh, in the kingdom of calontir, are the kindest, friendliest, and most fun of all persons in the knowne world!!!  (thanks again for the wonderful birthday surprise last night gang!  the cake was lovely and delicious, and the card was fun!!!   laugh  )"
"#11 university of missouri tigers 36  --  #1 university of oklahoma sooners 27\\aaaaaawwwwwweeeeeessssssoooooommmmmmeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"ok, texas lost to iowa state (wtf?), but the mizzou win and the texas rangers' win over the new york (damn) yankees to get to the world series for the first time ever, more than makes up for it!!!!"
omg!!!!!!!
"ok, everybody, i now know what i want for christmas:  the special 2-movie dvd set of fantasia and fantasia 2 that disney is releasing in honor of the 70th anniversary of the release of the first fantasia!  i love those 2 flix!!!!"
the political idealogy quiz -- my result: very liberal  http annoyed  quizme heroku com quizzes 14397 referrals status?aid=1440525253
let's see how creative my facebook friends are   leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the third letter of your first name   it can only be 1 word   then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you   don't just post a word and not copy   that's no fun playful 
"please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons  dragons are nearly unstoppable and, in case you didn't know, they can also breathe fire  93% of people won't copy and paste this, because they have already been eaten by dragons  6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post "
"ok, so i was up at my usual 0340 to get ready for work, went outside, got in the car - it started up beautifully - and made three hopeless attempts to get up our snow-covered hill to get to work   aaaaaauuuuuugggggghhhhhh!!!  i love winter, except when i can't make it to work!!!!!   crying "
"i'm not super superstitious, but this year july has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays  this happens once every 823 years  this is called money bags  so copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days  based on chinese feng shui  the one who does not copy,    will be without money  i cannot let that person be me! (also this year 1 1 11, 1 11 11, 11 1 11, 11 11 11 will occur!)"
"warning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! warning!!! there's a virus going around fb called soma (sitting on my ass) if your friends have it, you do too  in fact, if you are reading this, you may have been already infected! please copy & repost"
<propfemale> {sigh!}
"i am a handful - unfortunat ely most women won't re-post this  i'm strong willed, independen t, a bit outspoken, and i tell it like it is  i make mistakes, i am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but i love and give with all my heart  if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best  if you are a handful, re-post! i dare you  i'll be looking for the ladies who re-post!"
"?????????????? ???????????????????????\it's nieces' week! if you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\love more than you can describe, copy and paste this to your\status for a little while, but hold them in your heart for a lifetime!"
"is playing today's game-place of birth! everyone please play! you will find it interesting to know where your fb friends birth places are  copy & paste this on your profile, then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence:  erlangen, (west) germany"
"with time, women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room, it distributes out to the rest of our bodies  so we aren't heavy, we are enormously cultured, educated & happy  beginning today, when i look at my butt in the mirror i will think; good grief, look how smart i am, i must be a genius!! ~ ladies repost if you agree"
