2cdceeb2d92640bfcc44e30adebb8d30
"umm, where did 2009 go? i hate how time flies faster the older you get "
"even though 2009 wasn't perfect, i can still look back & appreciate every moment of it  thank you to all of my friends & family, you guys truly made this year one to remember  smile "
good news! i thought today was sunday meaning only one day of freedom left   and its saturday!!!! woo! haha
is going to her nieces 3rd birthday party today!  smile 
"what a long day, ahhhh "
who ever wants to come to my birthday party on the 28th just let me know!
nervous for tomorrow   
my neck hurts   ahhh 
i can sleep in tomorrow! yay!
i am bored to death 
disco partyyyy! woohoo!
hey sro peeps! anyone up for disneyland tomorrow? or friday?
going to visit grandma in the hospital 
happy fourth of july!
anyone free tonight? i feel like renting a movie & hanging out 
"i had to say goodbye to my brother, his wife & kids tonight  tomorrow they are heading back to tennessee, i'll miss you guys!"
i wanna break out of these walls & get somewhere 
"i have a very long rehearsal tomorrow, not really excited about it "
never wants to be narrow minded 
had a very strange day 
my grandma died this morning   not fun 
"you think i would be really tired after doing two shows today, but i can't fall asleep!"
"last day of footloose, i'm going to <propfemale> every-moment of it "
i'll miss everyone in the cast of footloose so much 
hanging with <propfemale>  smile 
babysitting her niece & nephew  smile 
hopes she can go to the bonfire tonight!
"spent the whole day with my beautiful nieces <propfemale> & taegan, i love them so much  smile "
going to see thoroughly modern <propfemale> tonight with <propfemale> & <propfemale>  smile 
had fun catching up with some old friends  smile 
hanging with the whole fam tonight 
so much for the good mood   
lunch with <propfemale>  smile  yay!
gone on my family vacation to big sur! (i'll be back august 8th)
i'm finally home  smile 
it's official i'm hooked on tea 
had her first guitar lesson today!  smile 
went school shopping today!
irvine spectrum with <propfemale>!!!!!!!!
dland tomorrow! yay!
movie night with <propfemale>!
disneyland with <propmale> & <propfemale>  smile 
"rented 17 again off itunes, pretty cool huh?"
beach day tomorrow!!! can't wait!
had so much fun with <propmale> tonight  laugh 
just watched the sadist movie ever 
studying my script for this play i'm in  rehearsals start tomorrow   
guitar lessons   then straight to rehearsal  busy day 
got a hair cut  smile 
is wishing she had a pool   
got back from a cool say at the beach   ahhh 
"nothing like a bowl of chocolate chip ice cream on a hot summer night, yumm "
"just got back from school shopping & seeing 500 days of summer, i loved that movie!"
off the <propmale>'s going away party   
is taking her drivers <propmale> online   finally  ha 
had a great day & finally got to <propfemale> with <propfemale>!  laugh 
"had the best beach day with <propmale>, ever  now off to dland!"
praise band rehearsal!  laugh 
has a new widescreen tv at her house!  laugh 
last day of freedom   sad 
first day of school was blahhhh 
this is bad   i can't sleep  i might just be a zombie at school tomorrow 
ahhhhh homework  i'll never get used to you 
its the weekend!!!!!!!!!! yay!
"vma\s tonight! i'm excited! woo """
ewww homework 
i actually like the excuse to do my ap studio <propmale> homework   i can almost forget i'm doing homework 
off to backpacking for the weekend!!!!  laugh 
its official  i need a tutor for geometry  aghhhh  anyone wanna help me?!?!
off to guitar lessons! even though i had no time to practice all this last week 
tonight was so fun  smile  wooo!
the dance was so much fun!!! ahhh this is a great weekend  laugh 
"aghhh great, i have a sore throat  i don't want to get sick!!!!"
aghhhh i'm sick!  sad 
ahhh i love late start!!  laugh 
haha i love watching the office  smile 
off to try out for southern california's high school honor choir  wish me luck  smile 
"i can't stop smiling, my braces are finally off!!!  laugh "
blahhhhhhh 
yay for fridays!
this is random but   does anyone know what show sro is doing this summer? i'd like to know!
going to see fame with <propfemale> today!
i loved the movie fame! it totally inspired me 
had the whole night to herself  wink 
going to <propfirst> d's with <propfemale> & <propfemale> for lunch  smile 
had an amazing rehearsal with some of her amazing friends and made amazing <propfemale> together 
i hope this crazy week gets better 
"singing for the mayor prayer breakfast tomorrow morning with my friends, its gonna be awesome "
had the best time at homecoming!!!
i'm so happy i asked now  what a relief!
thumbs up for <propfirst> swift  smile 
just wrote a very long birthday card for someone very special  smile 
is a little sad   
"i finally got my halloween costume, tomorrow's gonna be a blast  smile "
thespacebarisbrokenonmycomputerskeyboard!!!!!aghh
rollabout competition tomorrow for musical theater   wish   me   luck smile 
going to highschool musical at olu tonight with the zumbecks!
my family finally got a new keyboard!!!! ahh i'm happy  now my updates won't look so retarded 
no school tomorrow! anyone want to <propfemale> out??
trying to pick out the right christmas song to sing  hmmm   
ahh i love singing for church  smile 
"agh, i have too much homework  i dislike mondays "
i now have a new niece to love  smile 
today is my last day being at school til after thanksgiving break! yes!
"i have a 12 hour rehearsal in la tomorrow for all-state choir  ahh  on the bright side, i get to miss school tho!"
"ahhh this was a long day of rehearsal it was hard work, but it definitely was worth it  smile "
"today, i have another rehearsal is la, then later we perform, then my mom and i drive to the airport to leave for tennessee! i'm so excited!!!"
i'm loving tenessee   its beautful here & my neices seriously are the cutest little girls in nashville  smile 
"had another great day in nashville, i seriously love this place "
"i ended up doing nothing today in tenessee, my sister-in-law was sick and we couldn't leave the house for various reasons  on the bright side i got to spend some quality time with my nieces and i'm missed school as well!"
i had one crazy dream last night   it was about this organization taking control over the world  weird right?
i'm home! and already missing tennessee & the people there 
happy thanksgiving! remember how much there is to be thankful for  smile 
"i just made myself some superb tea, yumm "
in & out and movies with <propmale>! so fun  smile 
homework time! aghhh 
late start tomorrow! wooohoo!
district concert tonight aghhh 
this was a great weekend  smile  it really inspired me to become a better version of me 
i forgot how much i love december! everything about this month makes me happy  smile 
vocal ensemble party tonight! woo!
christmas shopping in the rain  smile 
"tinsel's tonight ( edhs vocal concert ) at 7 in the theater! you should all come, i'm performing my solo tonight  smile "
i just wanna sleep  stupid homework 
one more day till christmas break! wooo!
thespian party tonight!
had such a fun & crazy night   now i just need to sit back a process everything 
"had a very enjoyable night with <propfirst>, dinner, coffee, & a few good talks  its good to have a brother like him  smile "
disneyland day  smile  wooo!
blahh  i have too much to do in little time 
just got home from baby-sitting my niece & nephew  where did this day go?
"it's finally, christmas <propfemale>  smile "
<propfemale> christmas to all and to all a good night  smile 
just got through seeing avatar   it was amazing 
2011  bring it 
why can't tomorrow just be here   i can't wait any longer 
black 
i can't wait to e playful erience something new tomorrow  this should be refreshing  smile 
little women rehearsal = amazing harmonies 
"i am so thankful to have such a bubbly, talented, fun, and loving mother  happy birthday mom  smile "
loves the rain  smile 
just saw leap year & totally loved it 
what a bizarre day  since when do we have tornadoes in california?!
i need a really great 70's song to sing   any ideas anyone?
<propfirst> bowie is amazing  ahhh
<propfirst> swift is starting to get on my nerves  i hope at least some of you can see through her 
had such a fun night at the car rally   but it kinda ended in a pathetic note  i ran into a car window trying to scare my friend    so embarrassing 
"finals ended, school was just a half day, little women rehearsal was so fun & hilarious and tonight i'm going to a sleepover  i'm having a great day  smile "
so i wanna do this doppelgänger thing but   what celebrity do i look like? anyone?
"choir disneyland day tomorrow, so stoked  smile "
"disneyland was so fun, there were so many hilarious moments   it was a good night "
"i'm going to ignore the fact i have a butt load of homework and relax with some tea, yumm "
the best part about the super bowl is the commercials  haha 
the bachelor is on tonight! i think we all know who we want to go home 
"\no one wants to be an extra in the movie of your life \"" best quote ever """
"last night i e playful erienced my first visit to <propmale>'s  chicken & waffles is actually a pleasant combination, you'll just have to trust me on this "
"what a perfectly wonderful valentines day, who needs a guy? i've got amazing friends and family to be thankful for  smile "
who just had a dance party with her niece & nephew while her mom played piano?? ohh that would be me  smile 
i'm looking on the bright side  smile 
i'm going to the happiest place on earth with <propfemale> mann! woot woot!
too much to do in too little time   i'm stressed out 
it would be so much easier just to give up   but something inside me won't allow it 
"here it comes, a better version of me "
today it finally dawned on me that your can't let others get the best of you  it's just not worth it 
i am so thankful to have such a wonderful sister in my life  i love you <propfemale>! happy birthday!
i wanna go see <propfemale> in wonderland!!!!
it's been a long week  i'm so ready for a new one to begin!
where did the time go?
rehersal & the car ride home dance party was extremely fun  smile  overall today was great 
"had a long but successful day at fc festival, and their production of rent was so good "
off to san <propfirst> to perform for all state choir  wish me luck  smile 
ahhhh all state choir    lots of rehersals rehersals and more rehersals 
all state choir was one of the best choral e playful erinces i've ever had  these past four days were so fun  i already miss san <propfirst> and the amazing people i met!
words cannot e playful ress how much i love the cast of little women  i had so much fun with you all and i'll will <propfemale> every moment we shared together 
well today started out fine  but ended terribly   aghhh 
ahhhh spring break has finally arrived! time to pack for mexicali  smile 
mexicali here i come!
"mexicali was a life changing e playful erince, i had so much fun with <propfemale> drive and the little ninos there  but now i'm home feeling terrible  gotta love the stomah flu   aghhh "
i wish i could go back and do it all over again  i miss mexicali 
"prism tonight at 7 in the theater! edhs themed choir concert of the year  you should go, its gonna be a awesome  smile "
watching glee audition videos on myspace is extremely entertaining 
stuck at home working on my ap portfolio  ahhh 
so   who's not taking the <propfemale> test this year? that would be me  smile 
so i'm kinda in a dillimia  i wanted to do this theater program over the summer but it goes into august   and i'm busy then  is there anyone who knows a good theater conservatory that i could audition for that ends in july???? please let me know 
going to see the pajama game at olu tonight with <propfemale> & <propfemale>  smile 
looks like i'll be up all night   writing a darn english essay 
is anyone else into american idol besides me?    just wondering 
so i want to dress up as a celebrity for this party i'm going to   who should i dress up as? any ideas?
lets get this party started!!!! <propfemale> i'm on my way!
had a pleasent suprise when my best friend woke me up asking me to go to lunch with her! thats what i get for sleeping in   panda e playful ress for breakfast 
"opportunity right in front of me, and the choice is all mine  smile "
i just want to say how proud i am of edhs little women cast for getting nomiated for best musical for cappies!
"so i went to bed at eleven, attempted to fall asleep for about three hours and had no success "
party on a school night  heck  yes 
"today i was told that i was a blonde version of demi lovato, it totally made my day "
i love getting hair cuts  smile 
just had the time of my life belting pop songs for three hours with <propfemale> o'connell 
disneyland with my niece & nephew! it feels like i haven't been in forever!
school is a drag  agh 
"so i know i'm a day late   but if you \like\"" this status i'll post something i like about you on your wall """
"i'm posting this again   because i feel like it \if you \like'\"" this status i'll post something i like about you on your wall!"""
every year this happens    i realize a few weeks before school gets out how fast the year has gone by 
five more days till i'm 18  that  is  weird 
cappies tonight! the march sisters are nominated for best ensemble  smile 
tomorrow is going to be a good day   i can feel it 
i'm 18 today  smile 
the choir banquet last night was amazing  it definitely had its ups & downs but because i have awesome best friends   my birthday this year was one i will always remember  smile 
last monday    of <propmale> year  yes!!!!!!
\i look to the sea,\2cdceeb2d92640bfcc44e30adebb laugh 30,its finally the last day of school   i'm so excited for disneyland afterwards  smile  today is going to be amazing 
its finally the last day of school    today is going to be amazing 
just had some amazing greek food  be jealous 
so i was looking at my account settings and under languages and my account was under english (uk)  i'm not really sure how that happened   
leaving for party @ <propmale>'s tomorrow morning! i'll be gone till thursday! so stoked  smile 
i'm 18 years old and i had my first driving lesson today  ha 
home at last  party @ <propmale>'s was so fun  smile 
off to see toy story 3 with the fam  smile 
excited for the beach bonfire tomorrow! i can't wait to spend more time with my party @ <propmale>'s peeps 
4th of july beach day with the fam!
"off to the valley view fireworks, maybe i'll see you there!"
"like this status and i'll tell you my first impression of you, what i like about you, what i dislike about you, and a confession   smile "
i never thought it was possible for a grown teenager to be tackled and beat up by three toddlers    now i know to never underestimate children 
sometimes it's hard to say goodbye  but then you remember that everything happens for a reason  god has a plan for my life   and this is part of it 
bike riding & yogurtown on a hot <propfemale> day: priceless 
aghhhh i can't sleep 
is is weird that i like being home alone?
i keep thinking back to last night   and i can't stop smiling  smile  i love march family nights 
i love beach bonfires  especially when you have great people to share it with 
"so i didn't think this could actually happen   but i got stalked by a creep at disneyland  first, behind us in line for thunder mountain, then behind us in line for tower of terror, then i caught him walking behind me later on "
i think there is a <propfemale> living in the planter infront of my house  i saw it today and when i looked in the bushes it was gone     strange 
ummm so seeing the movie inception was quite an e playful erience    considering a girl in the audience went into shock during the credits and while exiting the theater i couldn't walk straight 
disneyland tonight! my life is complete!
"if you haven't gone to the <propfemale> pit in brea yet, go its delish  they serve some amazing mediterranean food "
well   goodbye facebook  goodbye friends  see you all in three weeks! i'll be on vacation with the fam 
"greetings from british columbia, canada  i seriously love it here  i'll be home saturday so see you all soon!"
i'm finally home!!!!!!!!!!
so yesterday i watched jesus christ superstar for the first time    and i loved it  end of story 
yes    i want to do it too    so like this status and i'll tell you the first three things that come to mind when i think about you   smile 
in the end   everything seems to work out with a little <propfemale> 
"and when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me, shine until tomorrow, let it be "
party tonight! wooot!
i didn't think it was possible to be so beat up from a day at disneyland  the back of my head is bruised & my teeth are sore (don't ask)  each of my feet have blisters on the bottom of them & i have a <propmale> rash on my legs 
leaving for mammoth   at 5 smile 0 am  yay?
goodbye summer   hello senior year 
"let me know if we have classes in common!\1- y- photography - jacobson, j\2- y- u s govt - beckman, g\3- y- vocal ensemble - peterson, b\4- y- <propfemale> <propmale> 4 - wolf, b\5- y- home-5 - bellows (soon to be intermediate acting)\6-y- musical theater - switzer,k"
its too early to go to school    
more school tomorrow  shoot me now 
contemplating going to bed or not   this headache is killing me 
togas are surprisingly difficult to make   
i'm going to see rosencranntz & guildenstern tonight with <propfemale> & summer  smile 
there's always something or someone playing music in my house   
it's too good to be true   
the bonfire party tonight? well it was pretty much amazing 
my day today is designated to the <propmale> brothers 
"oh man, i am seriously exhausted    jb wore me out "
well it looks like i'm going to be up all night    doing homework  great 
i probably should be memorizing my monologue for tomorrow   
i love fridays  assembly days 
tonight is going to be great  i just know it 
it's time to hit the dance floor   see you all at the aloha dance 
procrastination is a talent of mine 
"if you are reading this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment of a memory of you and me  when you've finished, post this paragraph on your status; you'll be surprised what people remember "
disneyland time  smile  tonight should be pretty fun 
my ipod just broke   i think  the screen is frozen & it won't respond to anything     i am so depressed right now 
i feel so lucky to have a pianist at my leisure 24 7    my mom rocks 
off to disneyland! i can't wait to party it up at electronica 
why is october always a busy month for me?
i got drenched at school today without an umbrella   and i secretly loved it 
ahhhh   why?!
i know this is a bit late notice   but i thought i'd officially announce that my phone has been broken for about a three weeks now  i'm really sorry if you've attempted to text me in the past  hopefully i'll be getting a new phone by the end of this month 
aghhh essay i am finally done with you  goodnight 
i love sorting though vintage jewelry 
"going to a theater competion today for song as monologue, wish me luck!"
i got a new phone! but i lost all my contacts    
i'm practically not going to school today! wooo 
auditioning for spotlight awards 
i'm seriously having a great week  smile 
"my pumpkin is carved, my costume is ready, halloween   hurry up and get here  smile "
partying it up at <propfemale>'s house  smile  heck yes 
my brother jokingly accused me of being on crack today( i blame it on the coffee)   but idk how i feel about this 
we always thought we were stalking facebook   but really it was stalking us  - summer equitz
slept in till 12 smile 0    i'm not really sure how i got away with this 
disneyland last night was    amazing  ahhh this weekend was great  smile 
ahhhh facebook you are <propfemale> distracting 
one last day to bear until the weekend  smile 
macbeth dress rehearsal today   super excited  smile 
it's good to be happy  smile 
this up coming week is going to be crazy   
now i know what its like to be on the amazing race   and to win it as well  smile 
i'm going to see <propmale> potter at midnight tonight! wooo!
this week has been a roller coaster of craziness  i can't believe macbeth is closing tonight   its definitely bitter sweet 
is super excited for disneyland tonight  smile 
i'm thankful for this week off  smile 
christian barbosa never sleeps   idk how he does it 
this days off to a good start    lets see how it turns out  smile 
i'm frustrated  i can't think of a song to sing for eldo idol    any suggestions?
too   much    homework    too   busy   not enough   time    
lets take a breathe   jump over the side 
skate night at holiday skate  so fun  smile     i'd say tonight was a success 
let the rain come down  smile 
it's really beginning to feel like christmas   and i love it 
glee christmas episode tonight  i know youre excited     yes i'm talking about you!
"i'm giving in   \inbox me a random number, and i'll tell you how i really feel about you in my status  smile "
1234 ahhh where to start? macbeth with you was super fun  smile  i'll never forget the memories we made together this year! i love you so much 
12 i cant imagine my highschool e playful erience without you    i love you so so so so much  i couldnt tell you how i really feel about you    because theres so much i could say  you mean the world to me  smile 
1234567890987654321 you seem like a pretty legit guy  smile  and we won the amazing race together   so that automatically means youre a stud  haha  that night was super fun! and i wish i went to <propfemale> dr  so we could <propfemale> more!
8 girl! youre amazing my friend! and i am so glad that we are in theater together this year! you are such a sweet person and i love our little posse   sexual nature  heck yes 
09876543211234567890 i miss having a class with you! i really do! you are a fierce dancer and makeup artist! you are such a sweet girl   love ya  smile 
christian barbosa calls me a n00b  i'd like to disagree with this statement   back me up people   look up n00b 
who wants a personalized christmas card from me? let me know if you do  smile 
victory is sweet 
just finished reading frankenstein   such a depressing and brilliant book 
i want to watch the meteor shower tonight!! who is with me?!
look at the stars   look how they shine for you 
aghh headache   not fun 
"tonight was brilliant  i love my crazy, supportive, and hilarious friends  smile "
procrastination is my specialty 
"had a blast ice skating tonight with my \thespian\"" friends   haha \",2cdceeb2d92640bfcc44e30adebb laugh 30,i cannot find my phone!!!! grrrr 
it's good to know the truth 
"caroling at a random strange christmas party with <propfemale> <propfirst>, <propfemale> <propfemale> o'connell and <propfirst> <propfirst> cotton : we gained $20  \but let me tell you    the bizarre and awkward e playful erience was: priceless "
tonight should be a good one  smile  i can't wait to have some quality time with three of my best friends 
rain rain rain rain rain rain and more rain  i feel like i dont live in california anymore 
ahhh i miss having the house to myself   
it doesn't really feel like christmas <propfemale> yet 
happy christmas!
rain on christmas = orange county snow  smile 
time to memorize my pinkilicious script    wish me luck    
i wish   
i hate it when time catches up to you   this year seriously flew by too fast 
i lost my umbrella   i'm pretty bummed    
whoever gave me this cold thanks a lot  (cough cough <propfemale> <propfirst>)
"when you feel like your falling apart, your friends are the ones who hold you together "
i just hate being sick  end of story 
whoever wrote the musical starmites was on something    haha  i love it 
lets just pretend i know what i'm doing    ha 
i don't know about you     but i'm super excited for tomorrow  smile 
ask me the question i want to hear 
i'm so glad we dont have school tomorrow 
i watched the neverending story for the first time    its a strange movie 
huntington beach here i come  heck yes  smile 
i'm done  with everything  wake me up when its graduation 
say the first thing that comes to your mind when you think of me  go 
oh my    too much to do  too much to do 
tonight i e playful erienced what it would be like to work at disneyland    little kids asking for your autograph and to take a picture with you  i'd say opening night went pretty well  smile  great job pinkalicious cast 
watching a very potter musical for the first time on youtube   hahaha 
today was a good good day  smile  i'm going to miss pinkalicious    
"i feel like my life is rushing forward    and i'm not quite sure i'm ready to go that fast    lets all work together and slow down time, yeah?"
getting chick-fil-a with <propfemale> <propfemale> o'connell  smile 
just walking around the ucla campus was an e playful erince  the buildings are gorgeous and we walked by at least four acapella groups practicing 
life is sweet at the moment  smile  lets hope this lasts awhile 
      i need to get better at sight reading     
<propfemale> <propfirst> is always right  always 
"tomorrow is my best friends birthday, saturday is winter formal    lets just say this weekend is going to be amazing  smile "
<propfemale> <propfirst>'s 18 birthday party = success 
winter formal is tonight  we are going to party it up second night in a row  smile 
props to <propfemale> smith    at winter formai learned that whipping your hair back and forth isnt the greatest idea  my neck is killing today  haha 
it's good to finally hear   what i waiting to find out  smile 
tonight just became    a great night  smile 
el dorado idol tonight     wish me luck  haha
time to get down to business    amda essays? i am finally going to write you 
it's been another great night   smile 
so both are on tv right now    grammys or <propfemale> wars? hmmm    life is full of options    
it's probably the best valentines day i've had yet  smile 
knotts choir day = win 
it's a great feeling to be content  smile 
"saw i am number four, had a car dance party, and then hungout at bees   it's what i call a successful night  smile "
why cant things be simple?
bacon waffles for dinner? partying it up at matts? i think so  smile 
someone please just drug me and wake me up when the stress is gone   thanks 
kill me 
i'm so happy its finally friday    this week wasnt too fun 
   i just woke up    and its 2:24    ?
closed-minded people will never discover truth 
my much needed dose of disneyland is being taken care of today  smile  off to the happiest place on earth 
i've realized its extremely hard for me to have a bad day anymore   and i dont mind this at all  smile  i've got a lot to be thankful for 
thinking    and processing    
i'm so ready to move on from today 
when it doubt     just ignore it?
spent the day with <propfemale> <propfemale> o'connell    i love that girl to death  smile 
someone said that my belt was as good as <propfemale> <propmale> today    seriously an amazing compliment  ahhh my day was made  smile 
"quote of the day: \i'm in like with you\"" -<propfirst> newman"""
these past two days have been a blurr    ahhhhh 
starmites picture night tonight  smile 
turn smile shift repeat 
it seems unreal thats its my senior year   tonight was my last musical of highschool  so weird 
"\you must have been warned against letting the <propfemale> hours slip by; but some of them are <propfemale> only because we let them slip by \"" \",2cdceeb2d92640bfcc44e30adebb laugh 30,so happy  smile  it's been a good day 
i've got too much on my mind   too much 
i had sushi for dinner  smile  it definitely was delicious 
"when things are looking down, i'm looking up "
sadies tonight with bbb  smile  soooo stoked!
here we go again    for the last time  its prism week ladies and gentleman 
the truth is    
feeling a little lost in the haze 
last prism night   its strange to think i wont be in choir with the people i have grown up with next year   time flies 
spring break    i need you  now 
i had an amazing day     thanks to mr  <propfirst> newman  smile 
sooo i met <propmale> elfman job shadowing yesterday  it was pretty awesome 
off to beach camp in doheny with the fam  smile  hopefully i'll get a tan   
i'm finally home after being at the beach all week  smile  it's been a great spring break let me tell you 
this week has been perfect   but i must say its making we want summer to hurry up and get here  spring break is a tease 
so i got accepted to amda  smile 
should i go to amda (american musical and dramatic academy) or fullerton college    i've got 5 days to decide  any thoughts?
i'm so close to finally choosing a college  so close 
and this is when i start to regret procrastinating    and begin to dislike senior projects 
"yes, ladies and gentleman i have my drivers test this friday  you'll see me driving the streets in no time "
frustration  sucks 
ladies and gentlemen: <propfirst> newman can drive now  thank you to all who chauffeured us in the past  there will (hopefully) be no need for your assistance any longer  smile 
i love waking up to a cold  agh 
my bad morning just turned around into the making of an amazing day  smile 
we create our own reality by our thoughts and the way we perceive the world 
the clock is always ticking and time running out  so <propfemale> each moment and never doubt 
i am so done with school   and ready for the weekend 
got a haircut  smile  and rocking a middle part 
prom is tomorrow  smile  i'm beyond excited 
i'm never thought i'd have to say this   but my senior project speech is too long? lol 
oh yeah   public speaking is my forte     duhhh    
pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real 
disneyland with <propfemale> <propfemale> o'connell and <propfemale> <propfirst>  it's going to be  a good night  smile 
"watch your thoughts, for they become words  \watch your words, for they become actions \watch your actions, for they become habits \watch your habits, for they become character \watch your character, for it becomes your <propfemale> "
everything happens for a reason 
i need a job   ideas anyone?
<propmale> mis callbacks today!
my last week of highschool is this week    its surreal 
thespian banquet tonight  smile  hopefully i wont cry    
i finally have my license!!!! freedom is mine 
today was a blur  i cannot believe i'm done with highschool   and that i'm nineteen  time flies 
saying goodbye to the el dorado stage tonight  i'm going to miss that theater and the wonderful memories i made there 
every end is a new beginning 
i've imagined what this day would be like my whole life    today i graduate from highschool  it's strange 
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow "
you never know what it's like    until it happens to you 
looks like i will be buying myself a macbook soon  smile  heck yes 
things might be looking up again  smile 
"if you focus on what you have, you will end up having more  if you focus on what you lack, you’ll never have enough "
who else has a sore thoat?
going to disneyland in the fouth of july weekend craziness with summer equitz  wish me luck  smile  lol 
"the pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives  \<propfirst> einstein"
"the more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique  \-walt disney"
it's one of those days when i wish i had a pool  i would kill to go swimming right now  ahhhhh 
my feet hurt  sad  character shoes were not made for people with arched feet  this is a fact 
my dads car is officially mine  smile  wooo!
"for everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else "
i want to see <propmale> potter  so badly 
i don't understand tumblr  it's a strange new world very unlike facebook 
"the song is ended, but the <propfemale> lingers on "
i get my wisdom teeth out today   aghh 
"now i can say i have not four, but five beautiful nieces  smile "
i really dont like pain   sad  my mouth is killing me 
"living is easy with eyes closed, misunderstanding all you see "
all of you are crazy  <propmale> potter and the deathly hallows part 2 was brilliant 
picking blackberries and going on a walk by myself? best part of my day hands down 
the truth is    
many of us runaway from who we are rather than finding ourselves 
eh i'm kind of done with our galaxy  lets all move to andromeda 
knowlwoods & captain <propfemale> with <propfemale> <propfemale> o'connell  smile  it's bound to be a good night 
i'm starting to freak out  my registration date for fc is on the 3rd    there are going to be no classes left that i want to take 
chipotle for dinner?  heck yes 
i'm typing this from my new macbook pro  smile     after spending an hour at the apple store having my mom becoming best friends hooking me up with the worker helping us  lol pretty embarrassing  he told us he was a pianist majoring in music at biola   and he happened to be cute   so i was fine with it  sometimes i love my mom for the things she does 
\as soon as you stop wanting something," you get it \"" \"2cdceeb2d92640bfcc44e30adebb laugh 30,well   i got my first parking violation at fullerton college  no head out parking allowed apparently  lol  i've been parking in that parking lot all summer and have never noticed those small little signs with the small font  grr 
everything is changing 
"i'm leaving for nashville, tennessee tonight  smile  i seriously cannot contain my excitement   although i'm a little nervous to travel by myself  ha "
"oh gosh here i go   like this & i will answer the following \1  how old you look annoyed 2  rate 1-10: \3  do i like your profile picture: \4  first thought about you: \5  best feature: \6  would i ever date you: \7  do i still think about you: \8  i call you: \9  i confess that annoyed 10  truth is: \11  i think annoyed 12  consider you annoyed 13  are you important to me:"
well   things are not looking up when it comes to me and fullerton college this semester  ha  there are literally  no  classes  left 
i  love  tennessee  smile 
i'm coming home  smile  california here i come 
"age: 7\what i wanted to be: a veterinarian (any job that works with animals really) or a singer performer \what i thought was cool: playing tag with the boys at recess & being in the talent show at school every year \something good that came out of it: ummm i'm not sure about the playing tag thing but    because i was in the talent show every year i was never afraid of performing onstage as a kid \like this and i'll give you an age "
<propfemale> trip with the besties  it's a good good day  smile 
i start college tomorrow    this is strange 
"if the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts  \-<propfirst> einstein"
"\the greatest pleasure in life is in doing what people say you cannot do \""          -walther bageholt"""
the shawshank redemption  go rent it   it was seriously one of the greatest movies i have ever seen 
that awkward moment when you forgot you knocked down the trash cans with your car last night and see random pieces of trash you forgot to pick up scattered across your lawn 
look at the stars look how they shine for you 
my car has been making really strange noises lately    so now i blast radiohead in my car every time i drive in order to cover it up  it works like a charm 
"whatever you want in life, start today \not tomorrow - today \let it be a small beginning - a <propfemale> beginning \your happiness depends on starting today - every day \- <propmale> lockwood huie"
my 8 o'clock theory class was cancelled  smile  yay for college!
pasta for breakfast? heck yes 
the best things in life are the simplest things 
i just finished watching pleasantville  i love that movie  go watch it 
i saw the movie contagious last night and woke up with a cold   
harmonizing with <propfirst> <propfirst> on youtube? so fun  he's currently my dream duet partner  most definitely 
my neighbor apparently thinks that its necessary to use his leaf blower at 7:53 at night   and then a couple times during the day  thats hard core front yard dedication right there 
i love disneyland & <propfemale> <propfemale> o'connell  there's nothing like hanging out with your best friend at the happiest place on earth  smile 
"my parents are watching some educational animal show in the other room    and i can hear my mom talking to the tv trying to talk sense to the wild animals in africa asking them \share\"" their food  iol """
i'm wearing my starmites cast shirt to bed  smile  oh the highschool memories 
today turned into a nightmare  please pray for me 
"why pursue happiness, when you can create it now?"
i'm thinking about putting some of my artwork on etsy to sell   thoughts?
so my parents just scared me to death blasting the surround sound while watching tv  the volume is so loud that our kitchen started shaking from the sound waves  i literally thought we were having an earthquake or something 
irvine spectrum with my long lost friend <propfirst> <propfirst> <propmale>  smile 
