c14dcf97ac4b4c1b13f64454dcb368c2
today is the big day    wish me luck its going to be a long one but so worth it  laugh 
mmm girl scout cookie ice cream  joyful 
has an interview at kfc today    thoughts and prayers would be appreciated
"i feel like crap, my fiance feels like crap    not a good day so far    i am lucky i at least got to sleep in and feel like crap    yay wireless internet    i can feel like crap in bed and still be online  joyful  i think i will go make some chicken ramen now    its kinda like chicken soup"
happy valentines day!!!
listening to 6 3 hours of music that <propmale> suggested for the wedding reception 
ugh i hate being sick  sad 
"darn you wedding wire    don't you know i am addicted? i don't care about your matinence, get back on line!"
i have to say i love the women of wedding wire  you guys are the bestest  joyful 
is watching <propmale> beck's education special
god blessed me with a truly perfect day  getting my dress ordered and then lunch at buffalo wild wings with my sweetie    plus i beat him on the little trivia game they have there thanks to knowing a question about <propmale> burn's     thanks mr  prichard   lol
i am offically done with my vows    they are finally perfect now i think  joyful 
just learned that portland orgeon is home to the world's smallest park    just 24 inches across  i love history channel 
is watching the big bang theory 
i am 90% sure i broke my toe 
wow    its sad when the government bans twice fried pies for our health  people should be able to decide if they want to give themself a heart attack or not 
"went to church, out to eat, the library, and now i am home sweet home watching a show on hitler while <propmale> kline takes a nap    he is so cute when he sleeps!  joyful "
had corned beef and cabbage for the first time 
is gonna donate blood today    fun times    
apparently having 5 computers on the same internet connection slows things down a little  who would have known?
went to <propmale>'s parent's church this morning then left from there and now am back home after a super long drive 
is going to the library today    if the darn place would open 
had a great day!!!
cannot wait until april 16th    only 2 more weeks!
happy easter everyone!
<propmale> kline is the best fiance ever!!!!
mango sorbet mmm    who needs solid foods?
today was the last saturday of busy season and <propmale> is already home and well into a guitar session  one more week to go 
apparently using fb mobil makes carsickness worse  go figure
mmm i love a&w!   playful 
i really wish that weddingwire com worked right on my phone   
even in a bar smoking a cigar should be banned   
has a coffee buzz    or maybe its the half cup of sugar i put it
sugar free peeps are just wrong
"just kicked out of a club now <propmale> is taking me out to dinner    he is seriously going to eat \rocky mountain oysters\"" gross"""
went ahead and tried some of the bull fries    they were not that bad actually 
news flash: wyoming is boring 
glad to be home!
cheddar fries and mountian dew the breakfast of champions    wait if you first meal is at 4 surprise 0 is it still breakfast?
yay chatting at midnight about dog pee
thankfully the pepper plants survived the snow storm 
yay being an audience for band practice    not 
i am so glad that <propmale>'s band practice is finally over 
"fixed the ps2 (who could have known it was just wired wrong- thats right i said that like 2 months ago and was told i was silly), wasted a few hours of my life playing video games, wasted a few more doing miscellaneous stuff and now i am going to go to the gym for the remainder of the day and at least pretend to be productive "
i should have stayed home today  nothing good ever comes from being productive 
off to play ps2 and forget about the craptastic day i had 
is having a better day today 
everyone needs to message me their phone #'s because i don't know anyones thanks to speed dial 
had a wonderful night  <propmale> kline made dinner and we cuddled up and watched blues brothers  its great to be marrying a man that can cook 
happy mommy's day!
mmm enchiladas!  playful  my fiance is the bestest cook ever 
"opened the blinds and back door thinking that letting light in would help cheer me up  its raining and cold, of course  now i am debating about going back to bed "
could i just get an iv of coffee? that would be really great thanks 
hopefully <propmale> wll get home soon  i don't like being home alone  dang band practice 
i feel amazing!!!  laugh 
i am tired and have a headache  sad 
church was good  that frozen espresso was not so good for mr  tummy though 
my headaches back  sad 
i do not like being ignored  sad  bad fiance! jk i love you hunny!
"trust in the lord with\ all your heart and <propfemale> not on your own understanding;in all your ways acknowledge\ him, and he will make your paths straight  proverbs 3:5-6"
done packing 
i am doing suprisingly well  i love <propmale> kline but i am glad that if things had to end they ended like this 
"take off is delayed indefenitly because of matatinance issues  the phrase you`ll know when we know\ is never reassuring """
i was going to miss my connecting flight so they gave me a new flight that leaves at 6 smile 0 and gets in at 9 smile 0  thankfully i have free wifi 
free food is always the best 
"thanks everyone for the concern, im doing ok  mom took me and sis to shrek and we spent the rest of the weekend at the cabin  just taking it day by day "
i hate dialup! sorry <propfemale> g  i tried messaging you for 20 minutes but gave up    oh and btw i am blond now everyone 
is babysitting her neice 
"is house sitting, i just wish i had thought to grab my contact solution "
got my glasses ordered last night  thanks sissy!
"happy father's day to all the dad's out there! especially my own, wish i could be there today!"
glad to have my new glasses 
i got the job! *happy dance*
orientation= 9 hours of boredom
"my first day of work is over, now i get to go train  yeah that doesn't make sense to me either "
just found out i am pulling a 12 hour overnight shift this sunday  at least from 8pm - midnight will be holiday pay  finally a reason in life where my insomnia is a good thing 
i really need to update my facebook pic  i am a <propfemale> now  its back to how i was when i was a little kid  darn non web cam computers!
its times like this that i wish i had more <propfemale> 
god has such a funny way of making things work out in the ways we least e playful ect 
"i got another overnight at work, this time with the person i trained on  it should be pretty easy "
"i am headed to florida, this should be a fun week "
its going to take a long time to get  to florida going 30 <propmale> per hour 
"i really have to pee    too bad the first stop is memphis, about 2 hours from here "
in mississippi finally  we are halfway there 
went fishing on the ocean and i caught 7 sharks 
i am glad to be back in missouri but not so glad to be working the graveyard shift after driving back all day  i won't even have time to shower before work   sad 
one of my favorite residents died   sad 
church was great! i can't wait for tomorrow! i love you <propmale>!
good morning world! i have been up since 5am after getting in from church at 2 but i have a date so oh well 
"well in 13 hours i will be back home, maybe 14 including bathroom stops "
i hate kansas 
ugh i just heard  that it got  up to 116 before the heat index in kansas today    after 105 it all feels equally miserable 
yay! i am offically in colorado finally!
home sweet home  smile 
"<propmale> has band practice today  sad  i really do like him being in a band but i just hate that he won't be home until really late  on the plus side i got my classes registered, now i just need to get my transcripts and act scores faxed to them "
i just learned that the escaped convict and his accomplice   fiance are first cousins     surprise 
ugh laundry sucks!
now i am in a mood    i kinda feel like a hypocrite  lol
"ok i officially have my schedule  i am taking american sign language, integrated science 2 (yes before one apparently that is okay) and teaching and learning online  3 classes 12 credits  smile  awesome!"
\you shall love the lord your god with all your heart, and\c14dcf97ac4b4c1b13f64454dcb368c2,"i went out for a bike ride without even crashing  wow    maybe i am learning some coordination, nah its probably a fluke "
<propmale> took me out to dinner at a sushi place and tricked me into eating soft-shell crab  raw fish is fine but fried crab including the brain that's where i draw the line 
<propmale> kline is practicing to get ready for band practice  lol 
"back home, practice was good <propmale> was the best of course (no bias here lol)  i really like everyone in the band too which is a good thing "
we didn`t make it to church today but i did get my school shopping done and now <propmale> and i are going up to mt  evans
ugh i just woke up from the craziest nightmare ever  <propfemale> (yes the youth leader) had gone crazy killed a bunch of people including <propfemale> (<propfemale> didn't exist in the dream or had already died i don't know)  i found out about it so <propmale> and <propfemale> where trying to kill me next  i had to get up and make some chamomile tea it creeped me out so bad  it was graphic  poor <propfemale> 
"buying back to school clothes with your parents money= fun\buying back to school clothes with the money you worked you butt off for= not fun  \\well at least i am done and ready for classes tomorrow  if i get my financial aid, if not the college will drop me in all my classes on wednesday  in case no one has ever told you: growing up sucks "
yay i am going to get my financial aid eventually and until then my file is flagged so that until then i won't kicked out for not paying 
i feel like a kid again sitting on the bus for school 
i really hope <propmale> gets home soon 
i dont like asl anymore  i think i have carpal tunnel now   sad 
cream cheese stuffed peppers wrapped in bacon and brats  i knew there was a reason that i liked going to roger`s band practice 
going to get my hair cut  hopefully it turns out well 
i love my new haircut!
i am done with my casablanca essay!!!! now only 600 words to sign and i am ready for class tomorrow!
rockies won 5-4 it was a good game  smile 
the breaking <propfemale> audio book sure makes house cleaning easier 
yes! after over an hour and many google searches i figured out how to turn on close captioning  i swear if i was deaf i would never get comcast 
i have a terrible headache    i really hope <propmale> gets home soon 
well today didn't really go as planned but i guess it could be worse  i really want my a hug from my mom right now but i don't think its gonna happen  i guess i can live with a phone call from her tonight 
is going for a much needed run to clear my head 
"in case anyone else in my family is worried: i live an hour away from boulder, and i am fine  love you all "
finally a touchdown  the 3 hours of punting back and forth was getting old 
i am speechless  that was the worst game ending ever 
just did the calculations and i biked over 15 <propmale> today  i am so sore 
i finalized the wedding guest list and picked table linens today   joyful 
learning to make green chili  smile 
i love house! <propmale> is so sweet to humor me   smile 
ugh i am sick of being itchy why the heck am i broken out still???  sad 
the worship concert was awesome!  joyful 
its finally starting to feel like fall  smile 
"<propmale> took my guitar apart to fix it and change the strings, after getting it apart he found out the body was broken under the face thingy and can't be fixed  i was sad but he said he will get a replacement for me   smile  he is so sweet!"
i love my new hair color  smile  i really wish that <propmale> kline would turn off the killer <propfemale> documentary   annoyed 
an everyone say a prayer for <propfemale> a girl from my church group  she has a brain tumor that thankfully is benign but she will need surgery next week 
apparently every pizza place in the city closes before 11pm on a saturday night  its almost like living in lonedell again 
woke up at 4 am with her hand throbbing    why didn't i put neosporin on that little cut on my thumb joint? now its infected and pain is radiating through my wrist 
it is so good to be marrying a guy that can cook  laugh 
i hate high altitude cooking  even when i follow the adjusted recipes my cookies turn out a millimeter thick   sad 
well since the cookies turned out so badly i made a pie  no rising required there  i hope it turns out well  i took the time to do a lattice crust even so i will be  sad  if it burns or anything 
i feel so blessed today!  joyful 
"wow (wild on wednesday) at church was great  i am working with the kindergarten class and they are all so adorable  they had sugar cookies as their snack that they frosted and decorated with pixie stick powder, then rice-crispy treats that one of the parents brought in  thankfully snack time is right before the parents come get them because they where bouncing off the walls "
the rangers sucked tonight! 0-9 and they walked 2 runs 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone  smile 
happy halloween everyone!
i won a fish and i think he died already  <propmale> says he is sleeping because he is not upside down but i don't think so 
i am so glad to be home  who knew shopping was such hard work?  smile 
i cannot believe that there are stores already playing christmas carols  well its better than the rap music that some played 
i am getting tired but i really want to stay up to see if <propmale> wins 
i give up they aren't going to call it tonight  i am off to bed 
i am so flippin tired  i stayed up until 3 watching election stuff then <propmale> woke me up leaving for work and i can't get back to sleep   sad  i wonder if you can overdose on coffee 
mmm <propmale> took me out to get sushi  smile 
listening to the podcast of sunday's sermon since i missed church  i really need to learn to multitask and do laundry at the same time but i keep procrastinating 
is fighting the urge to decorate the house for christmas today 
interval training is a bitch  i am either going to die or look amazing once the nine weeks are over 
"just got back from the gem show, it was awesome! i got over 100 gems to make now!  laugh "
"i have my first jewelry designing injury  blisters on pointer, middle, and ring finger  i did get 3 new pendants done though  i guess i need a break, or a finger guard  lol"
"why can't i sleep? i took my melatonin, am drinking my chamomile tea, the tv is off so that i don't get caught up in any shows  oh maybe its because <propmale> has the heater cranked up to a billion degrees  it's winter, i should not be about to sweat "
i love this dress even more than my first one and it fits perfectly  god is good!
i had plans for today but instead i am sitting around waiting on the handyman to come fix the closet  apparently <propmale> put too much crap on his half and popped the screws out of the bars reinforcements 
it really shouldn't take 2 guys almost 3 hours to fix one bracket 
i can't wait for pie prayer and praise tomorrow! i still need to make my pie though  thankfully <propmale> got my stuff since it will be freezing tomorrow 
<propmale> got eggnog tonight but i think i mixed it wrong  it was more alcohol than eggnog  it was tasty though 
"well i am skipping pie, prayer, and praise  i just don't feel up to it and i don't want to get other people sick  i guess we will just have 2 pumpkin pies for tomorrow now "
i can't wait until tomorrow! i want to start cooking right now 
happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
i hope that everyone had a great thanksgiving  i wish i could have talked more but i will see you all in 2 weeks and i love you all!
today has been a good day and i have a feeling tonight will be even better! i am so blessed!!!!
i am so tired! it was a great shower though 
our water heater imploded  so apparently when it broke last week it wasn't just the pilot light being out like the handyman thought (btw its electric and doesn't have a pilot light)  smh i am really thirsty all the sudden 
"i really wish <propmale> kline  would get up! i know he drove all night and it would be rude to wake him, but i am bored now and want to <propfemale> out with <propfemale> fisher and <propfirst> richardson  for a bit before they head to st  <propfirst> "
the wedding was great but i am glad to be married and all the planning done  (<propmale> is off getting some food so i snuck on) 
for anyone that has wedding pics they want to send to me email them to tarakline@live com please  thanks  smile 
i got a new laptop for christmas  laugh  yay <propmale>!
<propfemale> christmas everyone!
i know <propmale> will be back tomorrow but i am lonely  maybe i should go to the gym for a few hours 
apparently when <propmale> said he would meet me at the gym at 7 he meant he would be leaving work at 7  oh well i can use the extra workout 
ah a fully charged ipod and an empty gym  does life get any better?
i have a checking account! tomorrow i am setting up paypal and i can finally start selling all the crap i have made  finally!!  laugh 
"i am having an identity crisis! i finally got around to looking up my \new sign\"" (because it is so real right?) and apparently oct  30 falls under both libra and virgo  so maybe that is why i am bipolar? lol"""
its offical i have an account to sell my stuff  i am so happy  i need to load pictures up now and i will be in business 
<propmale> is doing our lead singer's taxes while i drink wine    good times 
<propmale> is trying to learn wire wrap too  maybe we can have a husband and wife hobby   smile 
wish i had something stronger than advil  anyone know a dealer? jk but seriously i wouldn't turn a vacodine down right now 
"yes, i am going out for dinner!"
i can't speak  sad  <propmale> hasn't been home all week yet he still managed to give me his cold 
"i will praise you in this storm, and i will lift my hands  for you are who you are, no matter where i am "
just finished my wedding scrapbook  i am giving it to <propmale> for valentines day 
my computer died today   sad  <propmale> ordered me a new one that will be here monday though   laugh  he is so good to me  i also have some sorta surprise present coming too  maybe i am just a little spoiled 
my new laptop came in! <propmale> has the same kind as my old one so he said he should be  able to swap out the harddrives and recover all of my stuff   smile  sometimes it pays to marry a geek 
just got back from church  awesome guest speaker that is a missionary in iraq   smile 
i hate facebook!
"i really can't wait until i can get out again  i don't care where too, i need some time with other people  oh, and i have a massive headache t_t"
it was so great to get out today! the weather was wonderful and i got an awesome new multi tool soldering gun  my leg is a bit sore but it was worth it!
just taking a quick break from paking and cleaning  can't wait for the retreat tomorrow and then to see my family on tuesday! i have so much to get in order still  i hate leaving with things undone 
"i have to run to walmart, unpack my clothes, wash them all, repack my clothes, start dinner, etc  yet i still sit haven't done anything "
"lord willing, i will be flying to mo in 12 hours"
last night i said that lord willing i would be flying home by 6 am  well apparently god did not want me on that flight for some reason  neither of the alarms <propmale> set went off and i was up but mixed up the time and just missed the flight  he is a wonderful husband and payed the change fees to get me an upgrade though so i will (if god is willing this time) be home by noon 
went to riverside wildlife ctr  today  saw a bunch of cute animals and held a boa constrictor   laugh 
