b6dd7b0f3a0eac69cbf5c6f988603789
"so leela: do you wanna be like us? or do you wanna be like adalay, with no serious mental or social problems whatsoever?"
watched the bengals snatch defeat from the jaws of victory 
is on his way back to osu 
is getting everything set up in the sickest triple at ohio state 
"is working on physics 133, then mecheng 410, engraph 167, jap 101 01, filling out job applications, and writing a thank-you note for a scholarship  food and sleep are overrated "
"the greek pantheon: zeus, god of the heavens  poseidon, god of the seas  hades, god of the dead  peyton manning, god of football "
the bengals are 4-1 and obama won a nobel prize without accomplishing one dang thing  this week is just full of wonders 
thanks the college of engineering for letting him find out for himself 6 weeks into the quarter that physics 133 is no longer required for ceegs 
thinks that the domino's pizza tracker is one of the sweetest things ever  <propfirst> put my pizza in the oven at 11:10 pm 
really hates physics 133 along with the rest of ohio state's complete trash physics program 
ouch me410 midterm 
is gonna get some dominoes pizza to turn this day around 
maybe just aced his matlab midterm?
is ready to be really annoying with his new ps3-facebook trophy updates!
"has a 7 smile 0 am physics final  where can i find this \7 smile 0 am\""? does it hurt?"""
"lord, the universe you created and your laws that govern it are amazing  but i don't understand them at all  r i p  physics 133 final "
japanese final! shouryuuken! ??????!!
"holy frozen water, batman! it's cold and snowing!"
thinks the <propmale>'s inferno demo was epic 
oh  my  gosh  b- in physics? no c's??? 3 338 cgpa?? win!
????????!
adventure time coming to cartoon network in twenty ten? awesome!
"11 hours into dragon age i find out that there are like 2 missable recruitable characters, and one of them is the only one i cared about  and thus a new save file was born    and the first one shall rot for eternity   "
walkin round the beautiful city of indianapolis this fine new year's <propfemale> night 
da ba <propfirst> da ba die
doesn't think it's just coincidence that zoidberg here  is desperately poor and miserably lonely  pulease   
"is just gonna throw this out there: when a person becomes a fan of something or joins a group for something else over a dozen times a day, is there any meaning to it? are they actually e playful ressing anything about themselves or just mindlessly clicking facebook links?"
colts!
"likes the new facebook just fine, suck it everybody else "
shakes off the two hours of sleep and dutifully makes his way to class  life is good 
"\you sold me    queer giraffes \"""""
"gorgeous day in <propmale>, finally!"
"nah, but seriously  don't take math 415  it will take years off your life and possibly that of your firstborn son "
just had his mind blown by the butterfly effect 
"two down, niisan "
????????????????????
"i had heard of you by the hearing of the ear, but now my eye sees you; therefore i despise myself, and repent in dust and ashes "
"i hope birds don't have the capacity to make friends, cuz if they do, there's a sad little bird by smith hall who just watched his friend get pwned by a hawk "
"this week is going to be one of the hardest to date, but i give thanks to god for the hard times, where i can't do it on my own and call out to him "
"just opened a package of ritz sandwich crackers, and to his dismay, found two crackers with no peanut butter nestled betwixt them    this is a sad day "
"just finished that same package of ritz sandwich crackers and is quite upset to report that not one, but two separate pairs of crackers contained no peanut butter nestled betwixt them    fully 50% of my ritz-related e playful ectations have been unfulfilled "
is thankful for sanctus real late at night when doing mechanical engineering homework 
"behold, god is great, and we know him not; the number of his years is unsearchable  for he draws up the drops of water; they distill his mist in rain, which the skies pour down and drop on mankind abundantly  can anyone understand the spreading of the clouds, the thunderings of his pavilion?"
"and now no one looks on the light when it is bright in the skies, when the wind has passed and cleared them  out of the north comes <propfemale> splendor; god is clothed with awesome majesty "
"is back from the southeast camping trip  in other news, 45-ft <propmale> jumps are awesome "
the results of my endeavors have satisfactorily harmonized with the forecast that i generated and acted upon in accordance to a detailed analysis of the situation at hand and the desired goals that were stated by key stakeholders and interested parties at the outset of the events that previously unfolded  - just as planned 
"am i the only one who witnessed the death of productivity over the weekend? suddenly the thought of 2 projects, a term paper, and 5 exams doesn't seem quite as manageable   "
"times are hard here at pre-exam week  as evidenced by <propmale>'s \aaaaahhhh my laptop's eating my paper!!!\"" *pulls piece of paper through the slit in the laptop's hinges*"""
"me420 final is over, time to go back to bed for a couple hours   "
"oh lord, you are my god; i will exalt you; i will praise your name, for you have done wonderful things, plans formed of old, faithful and sure "
wa konban made benkyoo-suru  ganbaru!
"recent studies show that brushing your teeth with a bottle of <propfirst> not only doesn't reduce plaque and tarter buildup, but may in fact increase your chances of gum cancer by up to 68% "
"fear not, for i have redeemed you; i have called you by name, you are mine  when you pass through the waters, i will be with you; and through the rivers, they shall not overwhelm you; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned, and the flame shall not consume you "
<propfemale> haller's crazy song and dance makes my day at work infinitely better 
is really excited for force unleashed ii 
to anyone worried about whether <propfirst> and i would get our hands on a ps1 memory card    mission success 
"is about to drive to ironton, see you all in a few days!"
"i see your game, zappos com  you told me 4-5 days shipping so you could overnight my shoes and impress me  and so i say to you    i am impressed "
"is home after 3 days of solid work, finally off tomorrow   "
"why, thank you spike tv  how did you know it had been far too long since i watched return of the jedi?"
"this is my <propfemale>, consume me like a fire "
playing god of war has made me realize just how many gow clones have been made in the past few years 
is going for a run   
??????????????????????????
"has nothing to do, so he guesses he'll go for a midnight run   ?"
is going biking at miami whitewater 
action group retreat begins today! i'll be at the hof around 2 to cast off 
"retreat was awesome, just what i needed to jumpstart the heart and wake the sleeper inside "
hates the fact that inception won't make it to dvd blu <propfirst> until december    
"packing today, back to cbus tomorrow "
"first real life of the school year, tonight at 8 p m "
"just finished the first real meal that everyone in the apartment shared  taco night, huge success "
"the heart of man plans his way, but the lord establishes his steps "
is feeling ambitious  morning run tomorrow?
going for a high-king-neil-lane lap 'round campus 
the steadfast love of the lord never ceases; his mercies never come to an end 
"that's like the saddest thing ever    after failing to get myself up for a morning run all week, today was the day; i got up, got dressed, put in my contacts, ate breakfast, stretched out my legs, opened up the door and    rain "
phone is temporarily bricked  facebook may be the best way to communicate with me in the mean time 
"fear not, little flock, for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom "
"be watchful, stand firm in the faith, act like men, be strong  let all that you do be done in love  -1 cor  16:13"
"has a working phone again! unfortunately, i lost my <propfirst>, so shoot me a text with your name when you get the <propmale> "
started the weekend off right with a jog 'round campus 
"you get one shot at the show, and if you don't make it, it's back to cleaning the barometers "
so that lab report turned out to be a <propmale> bit longer than i had originally anticipated    operation four hours of sleep commences    now!
"let me hear in the morning of your steadfast love, for in you i trust  make me know the way i should go, for to you i lift up my soul "
"nihongo no oraru intabiuu ga  daizyoobu desita  kyoo wa made de, yokatta desu nee   "
"time to start my two lab reports, due tomorrow  haha, gonna be a good, long night "
"lab report is done, time to whisk it away to hitchcock hall into the professor's mailbox before 5 p m !"
"finally, all my obligations are taken care of until finals  all clear until the holiday pops tonight!"
"making spaghetti, aw yeah "
"?????????????????????????????????????????????\\(there's a college japanese class exam tomorrow at 7 smile 0 a m , i'm studying  google-translate if you want something hilariously wrong )"
"let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for building up, as fits the occasion, that it may give grace to those who hear "
"yes, and i will rejoice "
back in cbus airport waiting for my wonderful sister!
christ<propfemale>s movies and ice cream avec <propfemale> famille  doesn't get any better 
joyeux <propfirst>!
two things i hate in this world above all others: chem labs and needles  and now i'm using needles in my chem lab   
thank goodness for computers and their ability to solve hours of tedious equations with just a few simple code changes 
"your hurt is incurable, and your wound is grievous  there is none to uphold your cause, no medicine for your wound, no healing for you  why do you cry out over your hurt? your pain is incurable  [but] i will restore health to you, and your wounds i will heal, declares the lord "
"isn't great that due to being in <propmale>' freezing temperatures for the past couple weeks, a day that's 48 and partial sun feels like 78 and i feel the need to go running so as not to waste the \great weather\""?"""
going for a run 
????????????
"going for an afternoon stroll with <propmale>, <propfirst>, and <propfirst> "
