933791b8623dadbb82664c60db91fb7e
wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy 
is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of antm (<propfemale>'s french accent is scary) 
"finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic "
is hoping in vain for sunshine   
is back from alaska!
feels old after watching the sixth <propmale> potter movie 
is sick?
"is sick, but not badly "
is having fun at work 
believes that summer has indeed arrived 
is excited about mural painting!
paints some more mural 
has finally completely uploaded her alaska pictures 
is looking forward to <propfemale> saturday in the park 
is working on new profile pic as e-28 
needs to buy newer karaoke songs 
has joined the harvard ballroom team!
is super excited about the first day of dance practice!
is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!) 
realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around harvard square everytime she has dance practice 
is ready to kick some bacteria butt!
is feeling odd 
never realized that there was boston fashion week 
proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors 
"sees that people's republic of <propfemale> turns 60 today, but finds mom's birthday more important "
is super excited that <propmale> season 2 has started!!!
clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer 
was too busy watching castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics 
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health 
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going 
feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first b(ig)day in a long time 
has the most amazing friends ever 
castle > shopping 
dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is 
wishes it was as warm out as the <propfemale> blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate 
is scared of the weather tomorrow 
is looking forward to homecoming weekend    smile 
does not like sickness 
is at amherst!!!
finds harvard ballroom team kind of amazing    love 
brightens your day 
wants more sunshine!
"needs some castle, now "
has a long but exciting work day 
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours    sad 
's doctor is sick   so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks 
wants to know who (is in boston and) wants to see avenue q!
raked some leaves this weekend!
wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch    kiss (
wants <propfirst> swift's dresses from the cma 
now knows that flu vaccines are not friends 
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine   
is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed  (= happiness)
is sub-sub-optimal again    sad 
"this actually works!: the facebook trick: press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, enter key then right click  then press up then down & magic circles will appear! put this as your status if it worked for you!"
"cannot speak due to throat pain   this brings back memories of the first few days of school at ramapo middle   hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around "
can speak again!  (as long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing )
is ready for baltimore!  (is baltimore ready for hua?  maybe not   )
gets to visit the baltimore aquarium again!!!
has landed in boston and is back at work    laugh 
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system 
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the <propmale> potter exhibit at museum of science boston on dec  12 (sat) 
is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!) 
???????????????????????????????
??????????????????
"needs to wii fit plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count) "
"is looking for a wallet   bed, bath, & beyond shoppers employees   please be kind and save it from being ravaged until i can go back to your shop   t_t"
"thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy) "
is singing christmas songs (to all of you!) 
wishes all a very <propfemale> gift-giving+receiving day    smile 
thanks <propmale> ch and <propfirst> <propfirst> for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet   love 
?????????????????????????????????????????????????
hopes everything starts off a great new year with an awesome day!
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch    laugh 
must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before thursday morning!
"wishes that her e playful eriments would work when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time  d:"
"has 28 teeth left   at this rate of loss (2 decade), she'll be toothless by age 160   not too bad    indecision  <--currently cannot grin smile"
is rehauling her facebook   warning   warning   information and photos may (dis)appear   
is hungry 
is rewatching the first half of knock knock loving you (the only portion worth watching) 
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of castle (and thus is failing at life!!!) 
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date 
is already hard at work!
is going to see if chinese dance is in her future 
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend 
wants a nap 
"now believes in the \bad things come in threes\"" proverb """
has finally made it to part iii of janeway's immunobiology book 
is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her ram    love 
???????????????????????????????????
must pick a topic for her faux-nih <propmale> by 6pm today 
must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts 
plans to visit <propmale> (<propmale> potter! sun!) during april's long weekend (go patriot's day!) 
wishes figure skating is earlier in the evening 
needs to figure out when to visit amherst 
must practice international foxtrox (down up down up up down down up up down up down up up down down up down   )
got her you're beautiful director's cut dvd set!  so much  love 
"slept away some sickness, but the headache remains "
"is amazed at her current theory about the intestinal immune system vs  commensals vs  pathogens, but has no clue how to test it "
must stop attempting to justify researching a decade-long nih <propmale> and actually write something doable in 3 years 
is getting ready for boston restuarant week(s)!
"has finally narrowed her school list to 19 from 50+, and is ready for advice suggestions come next week's meeting "
is craving blueberry mochi ice-cream 
is at amherst!
is all rawr for no reason 
can't believe application season is essentially here 
likes mulled cider 
is trying to absorb toll-like receptors 
is boggled by the dark clouds outside 
????????????????
is going to write like crazy today and sleep tomorrow 
has turned in her <propmale> proposal   mwahaha!
is super-excited about the upcoming cherry-blossom-ballroom-filled saturday 
hopes that everyone can find one thing to do from now on to decrease their strain on our planet in honor of this earth day 
is going to have an awesome saturday 
had an amazing saturday 
is all  smile  about greece 
is absolutely in love with her new ipod nano   video and radio!!!   love 
"is done with class!!! (amcas, here i come!)"
is 1 week away from greece!   love 
is finally done with classwork and can start packing   after sleep and work 
is on the island of mykonos!!!
"is now moving on to santorini!  (beautiful sunsets, here i come!)"
is back in (and around) athens (<propfemale>) for 3 more days 
is wearing blue today to properly hono(u)r poseiden at cape sounio(n) 
is determined to stay up for another 30 minutes in order to become fully readjusted to boston-time 
is organizing the 1000+ (not counting the ones taken by daguang and huihui) photos from greece 
is celebrating the long weekend by binging on <propfirst> lambert (bring on the glam!) 
needs to focus on writing now so that she can be lazy when it gets hot in the afternoon 
is officially going to be trying to see <propfirst> lambert when he comes to boston   any joiners?  anyone?
is going to be super productive today and then see sex and the city 2 
is being super productive today but won't see sex and the city 2 till thursday 
misses the lamb from greece (organizing food pictures makes me hungry!) 
is pumped for another day at work 
thanks <propfirst> swift for the most wonderful evening!!!  today was indeed a fairytale    smile 
needed to finish these application essays last week   
must work   and must work on essays!  ahh   dilemma!!!
has not screwed up a wedding and wants to put that in her application essay 
is now also tracking germany (serious threat to spain) through the world cup 
only has the research essay left to do!!!   *throws confetti and ice cream everywhere*
dislikes being sick and therefore being delayed with essay-writing   also   need more ice cream 
must write write write about her research 
 love  s spain for winning group h today (but in a nerve-wracking manner) 
is going to cheer for usa today and germany tomorrow!  football weekend!!!  (research essay?  what essay?)
i think i'm in love with mesut özil 
"is amused at how quickly dartmouth sent out the 2nd app, but is not amused by the price tag "
spainnnnnnnnnn
is wondering wtf spain is doing?!?!  omg   my red+yellow nails are going to waste!!!
yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
spain made ittttttttttttttttttt
has her fingers crossed for spain (but thinks germany is going to revenge eurocup 200 smile  
still can't quite believe that spain has made it to the finals!!!
is repairing her nails in preparation for the big day tomorrow 
hopes the spanish team is eating something right now 
wants spain to kick the damn ball into the back of that net*  *netherland's net 
yessssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  (also?  <propfirst> villas's foot clearly needs some therapy )
can finally focus on work+school again    smile 
is so sleepy 
work work work
encourages all to see inception 
is already at work and would be  smile  but instead is  sad  due to need for sleep   
is exhausted   sleep now 
loves her new logitech keyboard but dislikes the fact that it leeches her laptop battery power to the point where the low warning alarm went off at 4am 
is in despair after four hours of failing to find a suit 
is feeling nauseated   
is not going to be beaten down by a mere (mysterious) illness!
is full from pizza and crazily excited for <propfirst> lambert's concert tomorrow!!!
is stunned   <propfirst> lambert actually really does sound better live    surprise 
's voice is still not recovered from monday night's concert   will it okay in time for friday's concert?
is ready for <propfirst> round 2!
"is super pleased with the party that was <propfirst>'s cohasset stop, even though his voice was not 100% "
needs more sunlight 
<propfemale> collins says the funniest stuff   just spent the last hour laughing thanks to his awesomely entertaining interview answers 
mustttt keeppp writingggggggggg    zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
is at 4105 characters  1605 must die for <propmale>   (ohhh my precious precious characters   )
only needs to kill 200 more characters!!!
"two down, thirteen to go!"
thanks <propfemale> castroverde for getting my computer up and running!!! (windows 7 is installing right now!)
"six down, nine to go   "
oh ho ho! three more completed~!
ate cake 
has only three apps left!
?????????????????????????????????
believes it is nearly time to super-pamper mom 
throws confetti for finishing all of her secondaries!
is one big ball of relaxation   thanks <propfemale> sante!
"finished watching \change\"" and is dazzled once again by kimura takuya """
"just drank down some mighty delicious hot chocolate consisting of roughly 1 part water, 3 parts milk, and 3 parts truffles    smile "
is cold 
is home!
my body is displeased with the lack of hydration over the weekend   fixing that now with water   and sugar 
just a long nap short sleep before heading to san <propmale> 
is still tired but kind of in love with ucsd 
???????????????????????????????
is feeling slightly under the weather (even with the sunshine   ) 
doesn't want to think anymore about <propfirst> dahmer and is going to sleep after 30 minutes of brain bleaching instead 
happy thanksgiving!!!
needs a new profile picture   
is apparently well-liked by the south   glad the feeling is mutual    smile 
is going to do some just dance 2 tonight so that she can eat cake sans guilt tomorrow 
"well, you can't get them all   now just waiting to hear from hahvahd and the other nyc schools "
is back from la with delicious cupcakes!!!  those of you who move in the same circles as me tomorrow may just be lucky enough to get a sample!
has entered into (serial killer) analysis mode 
is done with class and is excited to be soon roasting marshmallows in front of the fire!
thanks the obama administration (and many of the military brass) for recognizing the sacrifices that all of military personnel are making for this country 
"wishes all a <propfemale> christmas (also known as \gift giving and receiving day\"" and \""saturday\"")"""
wants to smack ncbi blast for not loading!  arggg!!!!!!
thanks huihui ye and daguang wang for a great meal of hotpot!!!
finally set up a roth <propfirst> account   and then accidently put money in for 2011 also   surprisingly happy retirement account = very sad bank account   
is now for sure going back to school this coming fall!!!
has brought a freak snow ice storm to atlanta   
needs to celebrate passing the first $100 gain in retirement!
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"did i just hear that the us government plans to be #1 in the world with \number\"" of college graduates within the decade?  i sure hope that was suppose to be \""percent\"" unless the government is going to implement some <propmale> child-birth incentives to try to beat out <propfemale>'s giant population   """
"i feel like when children hit obstacles during their education, whether academic or personal in nature, parents, teachers, and schools play the blame-game   are there going to be efforts to educate the educators in a child's life?"
education of a child towards a sucessful future is not only about academic and skill-based exellence but also about teaching a child to think and to push towards their own goals 
teachers and parents are both involved in raising a child   are there going to be efforts to increase collaborate efforts between these two groups?
?????????????????????????????
's back hurts from shoveling snow   miso soup and nigiri will make it better 
is awake 
is cold 
wishes all a happy chinese lunar new year!!!
is going to eat green tea cake tomorrow until her stomach e playful lodes 
is really pleased to see such amazing and diverse talents being honored at the grammy's 
is excited to e playful erience 50f tomorrow 
can't wait to live in a place where seeing snow in winter usually requires actual effort on her part 
cannot believe what she is seeing as the preview for supernatural   must watch!!!
<propfemale> hathaway's white dress   stunning!!!
must not die from cold winds tomorrow 
needs to remember the difference between ??? and ??? 
